
 

 

 

 

 

 

800 SUPER HOLDINGS 

LIMITED 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 






800 Super Holdings Limited | Sustainability Report 2018 

 

1 

 

Table of Contents 

 

 

Message from the Board ....................................................................................... 2 

Report Background ................................................................................................ 3 

Organisational Profile ............................................................................................ 4 

Corporate Structure and services .......................................................................... 5 

Supply Chain Management ................................................................................... 6 

Stakeholder’s Engagement .................................................................................... 9 

Material Topics .................................................................................................... 10 

Economic Performance ....................................................................................... 11 

Anti- Corruption................................................................................................... 12 

Training and Education ........................................................................................ 13 

Socioeconomic Compliance  ................................................................................ 14 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Content Index .................................................. 15 

 

 

 


800 Super Holdings Limited | Sustainability Report 2018 

 

2 

 

Message from the Board 

 

(Lee Koh Yong, Chairman)

Dear Stakeholders, on behalf of the Board 

of Directors (the “Board”), I am pleased to 

announce the publication of our 2018 

Sustainability Report that is prepared with 

reference to the Global Reporting Initiative 

(“GRI”) Standards 2016: Core Option and in 

alignment with the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) 

Listing Rules – Sustainability Reporting 

Guide, in relation to the financial year 

ended 30 June 2018 (“FY2018”).  

 

FY2018 has been another fruitful year for 

the Group as we continued to record 

satisfactory performances despite the 

challenging market conditions we faced. As 

such, we believe that being adaptable in 

this ever changing and highly competitive 

market is paramount in sustaining growth.  

 

In today’s world, sustainable waste 

management and clean energy has never 

been so highly contested and discussed 

about. At 800 Super Holdings Limited (the 

“Company”, together with its subsidiaries 

the “Group” or “800 Super Holdings”), our 

stakeholders can be rest assured that we 

strive to have the procurement of energy, 

collection of waste management generate 

the smallest impact on the environment as 

possible. 

We 

believe 

that 

this 

demonstrates 

our 

unwavering 

commitment 

to 

our 

stakeholders. 

 

800 Super Holdings Limited takes pride in 

the assurance of our waste management 

services, and we provide a broad range of 

service, from waste management to 

horticulture services. Our broad range of 

services allows us to offer complete and 

comprehensive environmental solutions to 

our customers.  

 

We place extensive importance in the 

relationship 

between 

customers 

and 

stakeholders and have continued to 

improve our position in strengthening our 

current position and future projects. This 

will help us augment the current market 

presence and help us achieve our long 

term goals that we set for ourselves.  

As part of our strategic formulation 

process, the board, with consideration 

with the relevant stakeholders, have 

determined the material Environmental, 

Social and Governance (ESG) factors and 

overseen the management and monitoring 

of the relevant material ESG factors. The 

material factors chosen are strategically 

chosen, and have the largest impact on our 

stakeholders. 




800 Super Holdings Limited | Sustainability Report 2018 

 

3 

 

Report Background  

 

 

 

 

800 Super Holdings Limited have always considered Sustainability to be paramount in our 

direction to move forward as a Group, and thus this report, organised and presented in 

reference to the “core-option” for Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards, serves as a form 

of transparency to our relevant stakeholders. 

 

 

Reporting Boundaries 

and Standards 

 Materiality: focusing on issues that impact business 

growth and are of utmost importance to stakeholders; 

 Stakeholder Inclusiveness: responding to stakeholder 

expectations and interests; 

 Sustainability Context: presenting performance in the 

wider context of sustainability; and 

 Completeness: including all information that is of 

significant economic, environmental and social impact to 

enable stakeholders to assess the Group’s performance. 

 

Report Period and Scope 

This report covers data and information from 1 July 2017 to 

30 June 2018 and discusses the Group’s achievements and 

performance towards Environmental, Social and Governance 

issues. 

Accessibility &amp; Feedback 

The Group continues to print only limited copies of this 

sustainability report as part of our environmental 

conservation efforts. Current electronic editions of the report 

is 

available 

at: 

http://800super.com.sg/investor-

relations/announcements 

 

We are committed to listening to our stakeholders and we 

look forward to your feedback. Please send your feedback to: 

enquiries@800super.com.sg 

 

 

 

 


800 Super Holdings Limited | Sustainability Report 2018 

 

4 

 

Organisational Profile  

 

Company Background  

The Company was listed in 15 July 2011 on 

Catalist, which is part of the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-

ST”), under the stock code of (5TG). The 

Company is one of the few NEA licensed 

waste collectors that are approved to 

collect both organic and inorganic waste. 

Located and headquartered at 17A Senoko 

Way, Singapore 758056, the Group is an 

established 

environmental 

solutions 

provider for the public and private sectors 

in Singapore. The Group provides waste 

management and recycling, cleaning and 

conservancy, and horticultural services to a 

wide 

range of 

customers 

including 

residential, 

commercial, 

industrial, 

institutional customers, 

government 

departments and statutory bodies. In all, 

the organisation has a combined total of 

more than 3000 employees across the 

Group. 

The Group currently owns two materials 

recovery facilities in Singapore with a total 

capacity to process over 50 tonnes of 

waste a day. Waste is sorted into different 

streams in 

these 

material 

recovery 

facilities for reuse and recycling. The Group 

is one of the four public waste collectors 

appointed by the National Environment 

Agency to provide waste collection 

services to domestic and trade premises.  

We currently provide waste collection 

service within Ang Mo Kio – Toa Payoh  

sector in Singapore and we are actively 

seeking to increase our market share in the 

near future through the expansion of our 

current services.  

 

 

 

 


800 Super Holdings Limited | Sustainability Report 2018 

 

5 

 

Organisational Profile  

 

“At 800 Super Holdings, we have the resources, 

capabilities and commitment to deliver an integrated 

environmental service that provides you with a “one 

stop shop” for your waste management, cleaning and 

horticultural solutions.” 

 

- Our corporate mission statement  

The Group’s core values are integrity, teamwork, leadership, passion and continuous 

improvement. Incorporating sustainability as a key component of strategy is imperative for 

the Group to be an enduring and continuously improving organisation. Considering the 

wellbeing of our employees, the environment and the societies that we operates in is both 

integral to sustainable growth and demonstrative of leadership, passion, teamwork, integrity 

and strong ethics.  

Corporate Structure and services 

 

Currently, the Group provides 4 main services for our customers and stakeholders. They are 

Waste Management and Recycling, Cleaning and Conservancy, Horticulture and Laundry 

Services.  We provide customisable and specialised services to tailor our client’s specific needs, 

and we serve them to the utmost dedication.  

On 16 October 2017, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Wizwash Pte. Ltd., 

acquired 100% equity interest in Iwash Laundry (Senoko) Pte. Ltd. (“Iwash”). The acquisition 

is beneficial to the Group as it allows the Group to venture into new growth areas and 

undertake a separate line of business. With this acquisition, it helps better position ourselves 

as a leading provider of such services, and gives our shareholders and stakeholders 

reassurance and comfort in choosing us as a “one stop shop” solution for their needs. 

 




800 Super Holdings Limited | Sustainability Report 2018 

 

6 

 

Organisational Profile  

Supply Chain Management 

 

We focus on the key ESG factors with the most potential for creating maximum value for 

shareholders and key stakeholders. This involves managing ESG risks and opportunities across 

the supply chain. Our approach is to engage our supply chain partners, wherever possible, to 

address the ESG impacts in our operations. 

Our suppliers are extensively sourced and stringently evaluated to ensure that they meet the 

relevant specific guidelines that is in place, following the mission statement of the Group. We 

aim to source only from ethical, responsible and cost-effective suppliers and minimise the 

potential disruptions in the supply chain.  

Machinery and equipment such as our waste collection vehicles are actively sourced to 

acquire the latest technology advancement to increase efficiency in waste collection while 

minimizing the impact of pollution on the environment.  

Looking ahead, the Group has made capital commitments to invest in a manpower-lean 

laundry plant at Tuas. When it commences operations in Q3 of FY2019, it will process steam 

energy recovered from the waste treatment plants for its laundry processes, making it the 

most ecologically friendly laundry plant in Singapore.  

 

The treatment facility on its completion will treat and dispose sludge from water reclamation 

plants operated by the Public Utilities Board, thereby contributing to Singapore’s efficiency 

for land use and energy recovery. We believe that our downstream waste treatment segment 

will provide the Group with additional headroom for future growth. 

 

 

 

 

 


800 Super Holdings Limited | Sustainability Report 2018 

 

7 

 

Organisational Profile 

 

Governance Structure 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS  

LEE KOH YONG (Executive Chairman) 

LEE CHENG CHYE (Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director)  

NG TIAK SOON (Lead Independent Director)  

FOO SHIANG PING (Non-Executive and Non-Independent Director)  

LYE HOONG YIP RAYMOND (Independent Director) 

MAH HOW SOON (Independent Director) 

 

AUDIT COMMITTEE  

NG TIAK SOON (Chairman) 

LYE HOONG YIP RAYMOND  

FOO SHIANG PING  

MAH HOW SOON 

 

NOMINATING COMMITTEE  

 

MAH HOW SOON (Chairman) 

NG TIAK SOON  

LEE CHENG CHYE  

LYE HOONG YIP RAYMOND  

 

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE  

LYE HOONG YIP RAYMOND (Chairman) 

NG TIAK SOON  

FOO SHIANG PING 

MAH HOW SOON 

 

 

 

 

 

 


800 Super Holdings Limited | Sustainability Report 2018 

 

8 

 

Organisational Profile 

Governance and Sustainability  

The Board of 800 Super Holdings are 

committed to maintaining good corporate 

governance to enhance and safeguard the 

interest of its stakeholders. The Group has 

complied 

with 

the 

principles 

and 

guidelines of the Code of Corporate 

Governance 2012 and the disclosure guide 

developed by the SGX-ST in January 2015 

(the “Guide”) where appropriate. The 

Group always has the aim of protecting the 

interests of the stakeholders, and to 

minimize our environmental footprint on 

the environment. We have established 

policies for and have put in place 

procedures in relation to conflict of 

interest. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Conflict of Interest Policy  

The Group has established procedures to 

ensure that all transactions with interested 

persons are reported in a timely manner to 

the Audit Committee and that such 

transactions are reviewed and approved by 

senior executives, Audit Committee and/or 

the Board, as the case may be, based on 

the transaction amount and had been 

conducted on an arm’s length basis in 

accordance with prescribed procedures. 

When a potential conflict of interest arises, 

the Director concerned will not participate 

in discussions and will abstain from voting 

on such transaction. 

 

Whistleblowing  

Our organisation has in place a policy to 

highlight any inappropriate behaviour 

among our employees in order to maintain 

our high ethical standards of accountability, 

reliability and honesty for our stakeholders 

at all times. We have a channel for both 

employees and external parties to raise 

concerns and issues in good faith on 

possible corruption, suspected fraud and 

other non-compliance issues, a dedicated 

hotline and email address allows whistle 

blowers to contact the Audit Committee 

directly, details of which can be found on 

the 

corporate 

website 

at 

www.800super.com.sg 

Information received pertaining to whistle 

blowing will be treated with confidentiality 

and restricted to the designated persons-

in-charge of the investigation to protect 

the identity and interest of whistleblowers. 

 

 




800 Super Holdings Limited | Sustainability Report 2018 

 

9 

 

Stakeholder’s Engagement  

 

As we embark on our sustainability journey to further enhance our continuous growth, we 

encourage feedback from our stakeholders and will incorporate them into our corporate 

strategies if they are appropriate and relevant. We also consider the risks that and 

opportunities that are associated with the different group of stakeholders, and will mitigate 

and explore these options accordingly.  

 

Stakeholder 

Group 

Engagement Activities 

Stakeholder’s Expectations 

Customers 

 Customer helpdesk 

 Hosting of customer 

feedback sessions 

 Pleasant and efficient 

customer support  

Suppliers 

 Maintain and develop 

current and new business 

dealings 

 Fair and appropriate 

quotations 

 Consistent and reliable 

communication between 

both parties 

 Ethical sourcing of raw 

materials  

Employees 

 Induction and Orientation 

Programme 

 Staff welfare and benefits  

 Employee rights  

Investors 

 Annual meetings 

 Circulation of annual 

reports and financial 

statements  

 Transparency from board 

and management 

 

Government and 

Regulators  

 Maintain a good working 

relationship with 

authorities and regulators  

 Compliance with all law and 

regulation guidelines  

 Timely reporting of 

information  

 

 

 


800 Super Holdings Limited | Sustainability Report 2018 

 

10 

 

Material Topics  

 

The material topics identified are based on the GRI framework and the degree of significance 

on our stakeholders. We have a Materiality Determination Process and a step by step guide 

in which we identify, rate, prioritise and validate the material factors.  After gaining insightful 

feedback from our stakeholders such as sustainability and changes in global outlook, we have 

identified these factors which we believe are material and should be prioritised. These topics 

and their corresponding performance, commitments and targets will continue to be reviewed 

periodically to ascertain its relevance to our business.  

 

In addition to the material topics listed below, the Group has considered the environmental 

impact generated as it procures materials and labour that is essential to our business. The 

Group takes effort to ensure that we have an environmental-friendly business approach and 

timely reporting and resolution of environmental issues to the relevant authorities.  

 

Topic 

Relevance and Impacts 

Reference 

Commitments and 

Targets 

Economic 

Performance 

Applies to the Group, where the economic 

performance of the Group has direct impact to our 

stakeholders and shareholders, as they all look to 

the economic performance and value generated to 

the local communities where the business 

operates.  

 

Annual Report 

2018    

 

Sustainability 

Report 2018 

page 11  

 

Revenue and 

profit growth in 

short to medium 

term   

 

Sustainable 

dividend pay out 

Anti-

Corruption 

Measures in place to ensure that the Group 

adheres strictly to the laws and regulations of the 

appropriate authorities. This allows our 

stakeholders and shareholders to have a peace of 

mind when engaging our services.  

 

Sustainability 

Report 2018 

page 12 

 

Continue to 

comply with the 

relevant rules and 

regulations  

Training and 

Education 

Relevant and updated training programs are 

available for all staffs and employees. This is so 

that they have the relevant skills for their relevant 

jobs, and thus able to service the stakeholders 

with utmost professionalism.  

 

Sustainability 

Report 2018 

page 13 

 

All employees to 

be properly 

trained and have 

the relevant skill 

sets for their 

relevant 

professions.  

 

Management to 

ensure a training 

plan for 

employees is 

available and for 

them to undergo 

relevant courses 

and to be 

properly trained.  

Social 

Economic 

Compliance 

Measures in place to ensure that there are no 

significant fines incurred by the Group, and that 

the Group is in full compliance with the laws and 

regulations in place, and impact to stakeholders 

negligible and non-adverse.  

 

Sustainability 

Report 2018 

page 14 

 

Continue to 

comply with the 

relevant rules and 

regulations. 

 

 


800 Super Holdings Limited | Sustainability Report 2018 

 

11 

 

Economic Performance   

 

The Group delivered a progressive performance for the financial year ended 30 June 2018. 

We operate four main environmental services for our customers and clients, i.e. Waste 

Service Management, Cleaning and Conservancy Services, Horticultural Services. Events such 

as the unpredictability of the market which affects the demand and supply of our services, 

rising costs of raw materials for the construction of new facilities and waste management 

plants have been taken into account by management.  

 

We highly value the model of sustainability for our business, and we strive to create an 

environment that can deliver long term economic value and growth for our stakeholders 

including suppliers, investors, consumers, the community and the environment.  

 

Through our business policies and operations, the Group:  

 

 Delivers financial returns to the investors; 

 Contributes to the local economies and community by creating jobs, generating income 

and transferring economic gains to our respective stakeholders.  

 

The Group works with suppliers, sub-

contractors and other service providers to 

help achieve its policy aspirations in 

delivering products and services. To this 

end, it encourages vendors to adopt 

responsible business policies and practices 

for mutual benefits. 

The Group’s investments in the biomass 

plant sludge treatment facility located at 

Tuas South, newly acquired laundry 

businesses and additional motor vehicles 

and machinery is a testament to the 

Group’s effort of sustainable growth in the 

future.   

As we embrace the next stage of growth in 

downstream waste treatment, the waste 

treatment plants will start to provide 

revenue streams to the Group, and we will 

work diligently to optimise the plants to 

nurture them into profit generating units.  

We periodically review our business 

strategies to ensure they are aligned with 

the 

current 

market 

trends 

and 

developments, 

amid 

the 

increasing 

competition from new entrants and 

current competitors. We also conduct 

analysis of these trends and engage 

consultants to determine the way forward 

with the Group’s directions, and the risks 

involved with them. The Group also aligns 

its services and products in accordance to 

the prevalent market demands and 

customer preference, to ensure that we 

have the interests of our stakeholders are 

taken care of.  

Further details of the Group’s business 

units’ performance in FY2018 can be 

referenced to our Annual Report for 2018. 

(link: 

http://800super.com.sg/investor-

relations/annual-reports)  

 


800 Super Holdings Limited | Sustainability Report 2018 

 

12 

 

Anti- Corruption  

We 

believe 

that 

good 

corporate 

governance establishes and maintains an 

ethical environment within the Group, 

which 

serves 

the 

interests 

of 

all 

shareholders and stakeholders. The Group 

has adopted a Code of Business Conduct to 

regulate the standards of ethical conduct 

of the Group, of which its Directors, 

officers and employees are required to 

observe and maintain high standards of 

integrity in compliance with the law, 

regulations and the Group policies.  

We take a strong stance against corruption 

within 

our 

Group, 

corporation 

and 

employees, and will not hesitate to punish 

those 

found 

guilty 

effectively 

and 

efficiently.   

All staffs and employees can be assured 

that their rights and position will be well 

protected and good qualities exemplified 

by management if they are to identify and 

report any cases of corruption or 

wrongdoing.  

The Group also has in place a whistle-

blower policy which allows stakeholders to 

raise 

concerns 

about 

possible 

improprieties which may adversely affect 

our operations via post to our whistle-

blower email or to our designated whistle-

blower officer. In FY2018, we have no 

reported instances of corrupt activities 

across our different business divisions and 

we strive to achieve similar results for 

FY2019 and beyond. 

 

 

 




800 Super Holdings Limited | Sustainability Report 2018 

 

13 

 

Training and Education  

 

At 800 Super Holdings, we believe in ensuring that our employees are adequately trained and 

kept relevant of any updates and advances in their specific and relevant job positions. Every 

new employee must go through an orientation programme to familiarise themselves with 

their job position and embrace the Group culture. This ensures that they are able to perform 

their jobs efficiently and effectively.  

We have developed human resource policies that promote planned and comprehensive 

training for all employees so that they can meet and exceed performance standards. 800 

Super Holdings also encourages its employees to take ownership of their skills development 

and learning. We send our employees to attend courses and seminars to improve their 

personal and work skills. Our employees also undergo regular performance feedback and 

guidance with their supervisors and managers during the course of their employment to allow 

their supervisors to highlight areas for improvement and to commend employees where they 

have excelled.   

Managers and management routinely send staff for training workshops to upgrade or to 

reinforce their specific skill sets in anticipation in the ever-changing and dynamic industry. We 

aim to have 100% career literacy for all our employees in their respective job scope.    

As our employees are our greatest assets, we also believe that employee wellbeing is essential 

towards the daily functionality of the Group. We believe that our employees must be healthy 

and happily engaged at work for them to maximise their potential and productivity. Our 

employees also enjoy a competitive work benefits package.   

 

 




800 Super Holdings Limited | Sustainability Report 2018 

 

14 

 

Socioeconomic Compliance  

 

The Group adheres to the laws and regulations that are in place by the local authorities. We 

believe that the honesty, integrity and vigilance of our employees evidences the effectiveness 

of our training and responsible culture. 

We believe that compliant business practices support a positive environment in the waste 

management industry by putting the focus on ethical competition. 

Our compliance guidelines and policy requirements meet or exceed local legal or regulatory 

requirements and are aligned with industry standards and requirements. In addition, we focus 

on our community responsibilities as corporate citizens. We take these responsibilities very 

seriously, including paying our fair share of taxes, among them corporate income taxes, 

employment tax and social contributions. Our commitment to these responsibilities are also 

embodied in our corporate culture, and tax payment to the relevant authorities are in 

accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations.  

We are proud to announce that in FY2018, we have no reported instances of non-compliance 

to the local laws, rules and regulations across our different business divisions, and we aim to 

continue this result for FY2019 and beyond.  

 




800 Super Holdings Limited | Sustainability Report 2018 

 

15 

 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Content Index 

 

GRI Standard/ Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if applicable 

102-1 Name of the organisation  

Page 2 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

Page 5 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

Page 2 

102-4 Location of operations 

Page 2 

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

Page 4 

102-6 Markets served 

Page 4 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

Page 4 

102-8 Information on employees and other workers  

Page 4 

102-9 Supply chain  

Page 6 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

No Significant Changes  

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

To find out more from Client 

102-12 External initiatives 

 

Not applicable as there is no 

externally-developed economic, 

environmental and social charters, 

principles, or other initiatives to 

which our Company subscribes, or 

which it endorses within the scope of 

this SR. 

102-13 Membership of associations 

Not applicable as there is no 

externally-developed economic, 

environmental and social charters, 

principles, or other initiatives to 

which our Company subscribes, or 

which it endorses within the scope of 

this SR. 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

Page 2 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

Page 5 

102-18 Governance structure 

Page 7 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

Page 9 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable as all employees 

within the scope of this SR are not 

covered by collective bargaining 

agreements. 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Page 9 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Page 9 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

Page 9 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Annual Report 2018, Page 64 - 65 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Page 3 

102-47 List of material topics 

Page 10 

102-48 Restatements of information 

Not applicable, first report  

102-49 Changes in reporting 

Not applicable, first report  

102-50 Reporting period 

Page 3 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

Page 2 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

Annually, Page 2 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Page 3 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

Page 2 

102-55 GRI content index 

GRI content index 

102-56 External assurance 

Not applicable, first report  

 

 

 

 


800 Super Holdings Limited | Sustainability Report 2018 

 

16 

 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Content Index 

GRI Standard/ Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if applicable 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 10 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Page 10 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Page 10 

201-1 Direct Economic value generated and distributed 

Page 11 

205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and 

procedures  

Page 12 

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken  

Page 12 

404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 

assistance programs 

Page 13 

419-1 Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic 

area 

Page 14 

 

 

 

