
 

 









 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





Note: 

 

This document has been reviewed by the Company's sponsor, Stamford Corporate Services Pte. Ltd. (the “Sponsor”). It has not been 

examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”) and the SGX-ST assumes no 

responsibility for the contents of this document, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports 

contained in this document. 

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr Ng Joo Khin 

Tel: 6389 3000 Email: jookhin.ng@morganlewis.com 


 

CONTENTS 

 

Board Statement 

 

1 

 

 

 

About the Report 

 

2 

 

 

 

Management Approach 

 

2 

 

 

 

Identification of Stakeholders 

 

3 

 

 

 

Materiality 

 

4 

 

 

 

Economic 

 

4 - 5 

 

 

 

Environmental 

 

6 

 

 

 

Social 

 

7 - 10 

 

 

 

Governance 

 

11 

 

 

 

GRI Content Index 

 

12 - 13 

 

 

 


1 

 

BOARD STATEMENT  

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

 

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to present the sustainability report of Abundance International 

Limited (the “Company” or “Abundance”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group” or the “Abundance Group”) for 

the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (“FY2019”). This report has been prepared in accordance with the 

Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: Core Option (the “GRI Standards”) issued by the Global 

Sustainability Standards Board, which is a well-known and globally-recognised sustainability reporting framework, 

and Practice Note 7.6 of the Sustainability Reporting Guide issued by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (“SGX-ST”). 

 

Sustainability is a part of the Abundance Group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its stakeholders. 

While we continue to work towards better financial performance, we are also mindful of the need to adopt a 

sustainable approach in formulating our policies, business plans and strategies, and in making major business 

decisions. We are committed to growth and creating value for our shareholders - but in a way where our 

environmental impact is minimised, where our staff are treated fairly, and where good governance and ethical 

business practices are adhered to which will benefit everyone in the long term. 

 

The key material environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) factors of the Abundance Group have been 

reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors oversees the management and 

monitoring of these factors and takes them into consideration in the determination of the Group’s strategic 

direction and policies. Sustainability is a part of the Abundance Group’s wider strategy to create long term value 

for all our stakeholders. Going forward, we will continue our efforts to further formalise and build on our 

sustainability efforts together with our key stakeholders in our journey of being a responsible corporate citizen. 

 

 

 

 

Sam Kok Yin 

Managing Director 

On behalf of the Board of Directors 

6 May 2020 

 

 

 

 


2 

 

ABOUT THE REPORT  

 

This report sets out the relevant key sustainability topics in relation to our business. Corresponding to the GRI 

Standards’ emphasis on materiality, the report highlights the key ESG related initiatives carried out throughout a 

12-month period, from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019, unless stated otherwise.  

 

In defining our reporting content, we applied the GRI’s principles for defining report content by considering the 

Group’s activities, impacts and substantive expectations and interests of its stakeholders. We observed a total of 

four principles, including materiality, stakeholder inclusiveness, sustainability index and completeness. For 

reporting quality, we observed the principles of balance, comparability, accuracy, timeliness, clarity and reliability.  

 

The ESG data and information provided have not been verified by an independent third party. We have relied on 

internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy. 

 

In line with the Company’s commitment to environmental sustainability, no hardcopies of this report have been 

printed. The report can be viewed on our website: http://abundance.com.sg/web/index.php/investor-relations-

abundance-international-limited/sustainability-report. 

 

We appreciate and value your feedback on this report. We look forward to enhancing our sustainability reporting 

journey through constructive feedbacks from our stakeholders. Please contact us at contact@abundance.com.sg. 

 

 

MANAGEMENT APPROACH 

 

The principle of materiality states that our sustainability report should address topics that reflect the Group’s 

significant economic, environmental and social impacts, and/or that substantively influence the assessments and 

decisions of our stakeholders. Abundance has conducted an informal survey with management and key 

stakeholders to determine the material sustainability factors. When deciding on investments, first and foremost it 

is to be expected that economic performance and corporate governance and compliance come at the top of the 

agenda for both internal and external stakeholders. 

 

Starting from year 2019, we analyse our business and operation models as the basis to re-evaluate the relevancy of 

the existing sustainability factors and identify other sustainability factors. No new sustainability factor has been 

identified during the year. Going forward, Abundance will continue to monitor all other sustainability factors and 

ensure that the report helps the Company to grow in a responsible and sustainable manner.  

 

Our sustainability efforts are led by the Board of Directors and senior management who ensure that the Group’s 

business objectives are in line with our sustainability commitment. Senior management update the Board of 

Directors on the Group’s performance and key developments on an annual basis. The Board of Directors has the 

ultimate responsibility for the Group’s sustainability strategy and maintains overall oversight over the Group’s 

sustainability direction.  

 

 

 


3 

 

IDENTIFICATION OF STAKEHOLDERS 

 

Through formal and informal channels of communication with our key stakeholders, we have taken into account 

their interests and requirements. The table below sets out the platforms through which we engaged our key 

stakeholders during the period under review: 

 

Stakeholders 

Basis for determining stakeholders 

Engagement platform 

Frequency 

of 

engagement  

Employees 

Employees represent the Group as a 

whole 

 

Informal dialogues 

As and when 

Government 

and regulators 

 

Compliance with applicable laws and 

regulations 

Regular reports 

Annual 

Investors 

and 

shareholders 

Influence on management’s decision and 

responsibility towards investors 

Annual report/  

Sustainability report/  

Annual General Meetings/  

Extraordinary 

General 

Meetings/ 

SGX-ST announcements 

 

Annual/  

half-yearly/  

As and when 

Business 

partners 

 

Dependency on suppliers 

Meetings/Feedback 

As and when 

Customers 

Customers’ needs influence the direction 

of the Group 

Meetings/ Feedback/  

E-mail 

enquiries/ 

Company website/ 

Trade exhibitions 

 

As and when 

Bankers 

Support the Group’s operating working 

capital and trade facility requirements 

Formal meetings/  

Informal discussions 

 

As and when 

 

The Company and one of its subsidiaries, Orient-Salt Chemicals Pte. Ltd. are members of the Singapore Business 

Federation as required by the Singapore Business Federation Act (Cap. 397A) of Singapore. 

 

 

 

 


4 

 

MATERIALITY 

 

Identification of Abundance’s Material Factors 

 

 

 





 

 

Economic Performance 

 

Headquartered in Singapore and listed on the Catalist Board of the SGX-ST, Abundance started off as a 

commercial printer of books, calendars and other publications. In 2015, Abundance diversified its business scope 

to include chemicals and investments.  

 

Today, Abundance is focused on the chemicals sector. The potential scope of this business includes manufacturing, 

trading, storage and the manufacture or trading of equipment, accessories, consumables or peripherals used in the 

chemicals industry and other related businesses. The Group’s chemical trading business is conducted via our 

subsidiary, Orient-Salt Chemicals Pte. Ltd. (“OSC Singapore”), and its subsidiaries in the People’s Republic of 

China (the “PRC”) and Japan (collectively the “OSC Group”). The OSC Group adopts a trading and distribution 

model. The focus continues to be on the trading of chemicals used primarily for industrial applications which 

consist mainly of commodity chemicals and, to a lesser extent, specialty chemicals. This trading business is based 

primarily in Singapore, Shanghai in the PRC and Japan. 

 

FY2019 saw a significant drop in the average selling price of the chemical products that the OSC Group trades in. 

In view of the global economic downturn and competitive trading environment, the OSC Group achieved revenue 

of US$360.3 million, with a loss after tax of US$0.5 million. As at 31 December 2019, the OSC Group has access 

to approximately US$39.2 million of trade facilities granted by banks for the purpose of its chemicals trading 

business. Certain suppliers have also granted us credit terms when we purchased goods from them. We believe 




5 

 

that the OSC Group will continue to grow and enjoy improved performance with the support from our customers, 

suppliers and bankers.  

 

We are also constantly exploring and evaluating other chemicals related investment opportunities. For example, 

on 28 March 2019, Abundance’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Abundance Investments Pte. Ltd., completed the 

acquisition of 18.18% of the enlarged share capital of 上海三瑞高分子材料股份有限公司 (Shanghai Sunrise Polymer 

Material Co., Ltd.)  (“SSPM”). SSPM was incorporated in the PRC and specialises in the production of specialty 

chemicals used mainly for the construction industry, such as concrete admixtures, mortar admixtures, gypsum 

water reducing agents, floor care products and geotechnical engineering additives. As at 31 December 2019, 

Abundance Group has recorded a fair value gain of US$773,000 in respect of the investment in SSPM as they are 

performing well and showed a significant improvement in financial results since our acquisition. 

 

The Company’s joint venture company, Zhangjiagang Orient-Hill Microorganisms Technology Co., Ltd (the “JV 

Company”) was established on 5 June 2018. It commenced marketing to potential clients during FY2019 and has 

signed an agreement (the “Service Contract”) with a waste water treatment plant located in a suburb of the 

Shanghai Municipality to provide water treatment services and solutions on 13 August 2019. As at 31 December 

2019, the JV Company has recorded a revenue of US$15,000. The JV Company has also on 2 March 2020 entered 

into a share acquisition agreement with Mr. Chen Ruenqiu (陈润秋) to purchase 40% equity stake in Orient-Hill 

(Guangdong) Microorganisms Environmental Technology Co. Ltd. (“Orient-Hill Guangdong”) representing 

from Mr. Chen Ruenqiu for a consideration amount of RMB1. On completion, Orient-Hill Guangdong will 

become an associated company of the Abundance Group. 

 

Starting with a small amount of US$0.15 million, the Abundance Group commenced its investment business under 

its wholly-owned subsidiary, Abundance Investments Pte. Ltd., which was incorporated on 1 September 2016. As 

at 31 December 2019, this portfolio (excluding the 18.18% equity interest in SSPM) consisting of cash and listed 

equities, amounted to US$0.19 million.  

 

The Group will make appropriate investments as and when good opportunities come along and where its cash 

flow position allows.   

 

As for the printing business, as previously announced, the Group has ceased printing internally. The Group has 

since been exploring ways to adjust the business model moving forward. In June 2019, we started the slitting and 

rewinding of paper rolls and in October 2019, we started providing sheeting services. Today, we are able to provide 

a comprehensive suite of paper management services to our clients which are mostly based in Singapore. 

 

To ensure stability and sustainability, Abundance aims to enhance shareholder value by building sustainable, long-

term profitability for its shareholders. Profitability is also a key requirement for sustainable development as a 

responsible company, for customers to trust us, and for our employees to have a stable income. 

 

Please refer to the following sections in our 2019 Annual Report for detailed information on our financial results 

for FY2019: 

• 

Message to Shareholders, pages 4 - 6 

• 

Financial Highlights, page 10 

• 

Independent Auditor’s Report (including notes to the Financial Statements), pages 38 - 123 


6 

 







 

Supply Chain 

 

We are very selective in choosing our business partners. Our directors have deep business relationships with the 

majority of our business partners and through that we have developed a mutual sense of trust. As part of our 

vendor assessment, we carefully check their reputation and to date we have had no cause for concern.  

 

Currently, we outsource all handling, transport and storage of chemical products to carefully selected companies 

which comply with all necessary safety regulations. This ensures there are economies of scale obtained in the 

companies managing the chemicals business and also reduces our footprint in emission in managing and 

transporting the chemical products. We assess and re-evaluate the performance of our business partners regularly. 

Instant feedback will be provided to our business partners when issues arise. To date we have not had any 

environmental, social or other issues of concern from any of our longtime trusted business partners. 

 

We believe that securing a pool of like-minded business partners that share our commitment to sustainability will 

mitigate operational and reputation risk. We will continue the effort of evaluating our business partners to avoid 

any environmental, social or other issues of concern. 

 

Energy and Material Reduction 

 

In line with the concerns of global warming, the Group has undertaken environmentally-friendly measures to 

reduce energy usage and office consumables. Since 2018, we have reduced our usage of paper by printing less 

documents and relying instead on electronic documents for signing and record purposes. In the future, we are 

looking to implement additional initiatives to minimise the energy usage and office consumables within the Group. 

With the scaling up of our paper management business in 2019, we sent the resultant scrap paper waste generated 

for recycling as far as possible. Please refer to the “Corporate Social Responsibility” section on page 35 of our 

2019 Annual Report for information on the good environmental practices advocated by the Group.  

In FY2019, there were no incidences of non-compliance with environmental laws and/or regulations resulting in 

significant fines and sanctions. We aim to maintain this level of performance. 


7 

 





 

Employment Diversity and Equality 

 

Our employees are a mix of Singaporeans, Malaysians, PRC nationals and Japanese. We have a total of 65 

employees as at 31 December 2019. We hire and select our employees on the basis of merit such as skills, 

experience or ability to perform the job regardless of age, race, gender, religion and or marital status. We view the 

diversity of our people as a source of strength. We are committed to the promotion of diversity and equality and 

take our responsibility to promote equality of opportunity and eliminate unlawful discrimination seriously. The 

Group has an equal remuneration policy regardless of gender and nationality. There was no reported incidence of 

discrimination by employees in FY2019. We aim to maintain zero incidence of discrimination in this current 

financial year. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Male

67%

Female

33%

EMPLOYEES BY GENDER YEAR 2019



Male

57%

Female

43%

EMPLOYEES BY GENDER YEAR 2018





Singporean/SPR

14%

Malaysian

6%

PRC

76%

Japanese

4%

EMPLOYEES BY NATIONALITY 2019





Singporean/SPR

6%

Malaysian

6%

PRC

82%

Japanese

6%

EMPLOYEES BY NATIONALITY 2018


8 

 

 

 

  

In formulating employment policies, we are guided by the relevant legislation in establishing our employees’ 

contracts. Our goal is to develop and maintain a healthy and positive working environment, which creates mutual 

respect and dignity and enables everyone to realise their full potential. Continuing open dialogue among the teams 

and employees is the main platform used to engage our employees. By conducting these dialogues informally and 

in an open environment, we encourage our employees to raise any issues to the management. We believe that this 

provides a more interactive and direct channel for any form of feedback. We want to avoid any discontentment in 

our working environment that will hinder the progress of our employees. In FY2019, we have achieved the target 

to reduce the employee turnover rate in 2019 by 5%. We aim to keep the employee turnover rate low at not more 

than 5% next year. We will continue to strive to make sure that everyone feels confident and comfortable and 

maintain a low turnover rate. 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 







0

5

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

45

under 30 years old

31-50 years old

Over 50 years old

EMPLOYEES BY AGE GROUP 2019







0

5

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

under 30 years old

31-50 years old

Over 50 years old

EMPLOYEES BY AGE GROUP 2018



New hire

25%

Resignee

3%

Existing

72%

EMPLOYEE TURNOVER RATE YEAR 

2019



New hire

11%

Resignee

12%

Retired

2%

Existing

75%

EMPLOYEE TURNOVER RATE YEAR 

2018


9 

 

 

 

 

 

0

2

4

6

8

10

12

14

16

under 30 years old

31-50 years old

Over 50 years old

Female

Male

Singapore/SPR

China

Japan

Malaysian

NEW HIRES

FY2018

FY2019





















0

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

under 30 years old

31-50 years old

Over 50 years old

Female

Male

Singapore/SPR

China

Malaysian

RESIGNEES



FY2018



FY2019


10 

 

Employee Training and Education 

 

It is our strong belief that long-term success is dependent on the strength and depth of our talent pool. We believe 

that it is in our best interest to invest in the career of our employees through continuous learning. We do this by 

providing ample on-the-job training for employees as and when needed, as well as exposing them to development 

opportunities where they can get to undertake challenging projects or assignments. We have also sent our 

employees to attend relevant courses relating to the business. We will continue to monitor and maintain the skill 

sets of all our employees with regular performance and career development reviews. 

 

Workplace Health and Safety 

 

Staff safety is of utmost important to us. We strive to provide and maintain a healthy and safe working environment 

to minimise the likelihood and impact of hazards occurring.  In Singapore, we appointed a part time Fire Safety 

Manager and formed our Company Emergency Response Team in compliance with the Fire Safety Act (Cap. 109A) 

of Singapore. Fire and evacuation drills are conducted at least once a year to ensure that the staff are familiar with 

the building’s emergency evacuation procedures and use of different types of fire extinguishers. We have also 

purchased insurance to cover workplace injuries in accordance with the Work Injury Compensation Act (Cap. 354) 

of Singapore.  

 

In FY2019, there were no workplace health and safety issues raised by our employees and no workplace injuries 

or work-related fatalities in our operations. We aim to continue to achieve zero incidences of health and safety 

issues. 

 

Child Labour and Forced Labour 

 

We will not tolerate the use of child labour and forced labour, in any of our operations and facilities or within our 

supply chain. We are firmly opposed to all forms of child exploitation and forced labour. Our operations are 

mainly office-based and therefore forced labour is not a significant risk to us. Having said that, we are committed 

to prevent and eliminate child labour and forced labour wherever it occurs in our supply chain. We do not deal 

with supply chain partners who do not share our views on zero tolerance for child labour. 

 

 


11 

 



 

Corporate Governance and Compliance  

 

The Board of Directors and senior management will ensure that the Group’s governance framework is compliant 

with the principles of the Singapore Code of Corporate Governance 2018 which took effect for financial years 

starting after 1 January 2019 and will continue to review its practices on an ongoing basis. Please refer to the 

“Report on Corporate Governance” section on pages 12 to 33 of our 2019 Annual Report for information on 

the Group’s corporate governance practices.  

 

The Group has obtained and maintained all licences required for the conduct of its chemicals business. In FY2019, 

there were no incidences of non-compliance with laws and/or regulations resulting in significant fines and 

sanctions. We aim to maintain this level of performance. 

 

Risk Management  

 

The Group has in place several risk management measures to manage its exposure to risks that are associated with 

the conduct of its business. For example, our Managing Director receives weekly reports on the market price of 

our inventories relative to the purchase cost. Please refer to the “Report on Corporate Governance” section on 

pages 25 to 27 of our 2019 Annual Report for more details. Going forward, we will consider developing our risk 

management measures further as our business expand.  

 

Anti-Corruption 

 

We do not engage in bribery or any form of financial crime. We must never offer, promise or give bribes in 

connection with our business and we must never ask for or accept bribes.  We strive to uphold all laws aimed at 

countering corruption in all jurisdictions in which we operate.  

 

To reinforce a culture of good business ethics and governance, we have a whistle blowing policy to provide well-

defined and accessible channels in the Group through which employees of the Group may raise their concerns 

and highlight possible improprieties, fraudulent activities, malpractices within the Group. Please refer to page 29 

to 30 of our 2019 Annual Report for information on the Group’s whistle blowing policy. 

 

We have formalised our anti-corruption policy and have disseminated the same to all our employees. It provides 

the Group’s anti-bribery stance and position on gifts and hospitality and requires all employees of the Group to 

avoid any conflict between their personal interests and interests of the Group in dealing with suppliers, customers 

and other third parties. 

 

Over the reporting period, there was no incident of corruption. It is our goal to maintain zero incidents of 

corruption. We will regularly review our anti-corruption policy so as to preserve our corruption free culture.  

 

 


12 

 

GRI Content Index: Core Option 

 

Disclosure 

Reference 

Disclosure Title 

Reporting section/ Notes 

GRI 102: General disclosures 

Organization Profile 

102-1 

Name of the organization 

Board Statement, Cover page 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Economic Performance 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Economic Performance 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Economic Performance 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Economic Performance 

102-6 

Markets served 

Economic Performance 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Economic Performance, Employment 

Diversity and Equality 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Employment Diversity and Equality 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Economic Performance, Supply Chain 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

Not applicable; no significant change to 

the Organization’s size, ownership, or 

supply chain 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach 

Management Approach 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Not applicable; we did not subscribe to or 

endorse any external initiatives  

102-13 

Membership of Associations 

Identification of stakeholders 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

Board Statement 

Ethic and Integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior 

Corporate Governance and Compliance 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Corporate Governance and Compliance 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Identification of stakeholders 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable; no collective bargaining 

agreements are in place 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Identification of stakeholders 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Identification of stakeholders 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Identification of stakeholders 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Page 80 of our 2019 Annual report 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic Boundaries 

About the Report 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Materiality 

102-48 

Restatements of information  

Not applicable; no restatement of 

information 


13 

 

Disclosure 

Reference 

Disclosure Title 

Reporting section/ Notes 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable; no significant change 

from previous reporting periods in the list 

of materiality topics and topic Boundaries 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Board Statement 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

3 May 2019 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

About the Report 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

About the Report 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

Board Statement 

102-55 

GRI content index 

GRI content index 

102-56 

External assurance 

About the Report – Abundance has not 

sought external assurance for this report 

GRI 103: Management Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 

Economic, Environmental, Social, 

Governance 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Economic, Environmental, Social, 

Governance 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Economic, Environmental, Social, 

Governance 

Topic-Specific Disclosures 

Economic Performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Economy performance  

Environmental  

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations 

Energy and Material Reduction 

Social 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

Employment Diversity and Equality 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost 

days, and absenteeism, and number of work-related fatalities 

Workplace Health and Safety 

404-3 

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and 

career development reviews 

Employee Training and Education 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

Employment Diversity and Equality 

406-1 

Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken 

Employment Diversity and Equality 

409-1 

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of 

forced or compulsory labor 

Child Labour and Forced Labour 

Governance 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

Anti-Corruption 

 

 

