
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT  

FY2017/2018




We are pleased to present the inaugural Sustainability Report for Accordia Golf Trust’s (“AGT”). AGT is committed 

to conducting business and pursuing sustainability in a way that delivers long-term value to our stakeholders, 

including our investors, customers, employees, regulators, business partners and local communities.

The ageing population and increasing standard of living in Japan means that AGT is faced with new risks and 

opportunities. AGT strives to continue upholding high ethical standards with robust governance and strong risk 

management to navigate this changing landscape. Customer health and safety is among our top priorities and 

AGT constantly improves our safety management to ensure customer safety. At the same time, AGT stays abreast 

of the changing market to capitalise on new opportunities. Against the background of demographic and lifestyle 

changes, AGT develops strategies for market diversification. AGT also builds public trust by being responsible to the 

environment and our local communities.

In golf courses, our sustainability issues are monitored carefully by focusing on material ESG factors and considered 

as part of our business strategy. Meanwhile, our Trustee-Manager, Accordia Golf Trust Management Pte. Ltd. 

(“AGTM”), has set a Sustainability Steering Committee (“SSC”) to support the Board in the discharge of 

sustainability-related responsibilities.

This year, AGT has performed our first materiality assessment to identify Environmental, Social and Governance 

(“ESG”) factors material to our business and our stakeholders. AGT will continue to identify, manage and address 

ESG factors which support our development in the golf industry. We believe these efforts will help us build a 

sustainable business and enhance our relationship with our stakeholders. 

Accordia Golf Trust’s Board of Directors

BOARD STATEMENT

CONTENTS

Board Statement 

01

About this Report 

02

Our Sustainabilty Approach 

03

Materiality Assessment 

04

Stakeholder Engagement 

05

Sustainability Management 

07

Energy 

07

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

09

Customer Health and Safety 

11

Customer Satisfaction 

12

Local Communities 

13

Awareness Building Activities 

14

01






ABOUT THIS REPORT

The Sustainability Report (the “Report”) has been prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative 

(“GRI”) Standards and aligned with the Singapore Exchange SGX-ST Listing Rules Practice Note 7.6: “Sustainability 

Reporting Guide”. No external assurance has been obtained for the report.

The report covers the listed entity Accordia Golf Trust (“AGT”) and its Trustee-Manager, Accordia Golf Trust 

Management Pte. Ltd. (“AGTM”), as well as its Operator, Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (“AG”) and the 89 golf courses 

in Japan under AG’s operational management. The reported period is from 1 April 2017 to 31 March 2018 (“FY 

17/18”), unless otherwise indicated.

The report focuses on the top ESG factors significant to our business and our stakeholders, as well 

as additional factors on our contribution to local community and awareness building activities.  

 

Our sustainability program is supported by ESG policies and standard operating procedures (“SOPs”) established by 

the Sponsor, AG, which governs the management of our golf courses. The Trustee-Manager has a risk management 

process to periodically review the performance of AG and major risks or non-compliance incidents will be reported 

to the Trustee-Manager.

To give our stakeholders a holistic view of our business, the report should be read together with the 

rest of the information in our Annual Report. Additional corporate information is available on our website  

(www.agtrust.com.sg).

We will continue to report annually on the progress we make in integrating sustainability into our business strategy and 

operations, while striving to improve our sustainability performance and disclosure. We welcome your feedback on our 

sustainability practices and sustainability reporting at sustainability@agtrust.com.sg.

02


OUR SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

We believe that effective management of ESG risks and opportunities can help us to deliver sustained economic 

performance to our investors. We take a balanced approach towards sustainability, recognising the importance 

of environmental stewardship, social engagement and governance in our business.

The material ESG factors we identified - Energy, Diversity and Equal Opportunity, Customer Health and Safety, 

as well as Customer Satisfaction, can have direct and significant impacts on our economic performance. 

 



MISSION 

To deliver stable yield and maximise long-term  

returns to unitholders via operational efficiency  

and acquisition-driven growth.

ENERGY

 

Good energy 

consumption 

management could 

help to reduce  

operating cost.

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL

OPPORTUNITY

 

Employees with the right

skills, experience and 

attitude can deliver  

high-quality services to  

our customers. 

A fair and inclusive 

working environment that 

embraces diversity and 

provides equal opportunity

for employees to grow 

professionally.

CUSTOMER HEALTH 

AND SAFETY

 

Customers are our key 

revenue drivers.

It is our priority to ensure 

the health and safety of 

our customers and their 

well-being.

CUSTOMER 

SATISFACTION

 

Focusing on customer 

satisfaction helps

to enhance customer 

loyalty.

03


MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

In line with the GRI Standard’s materiality principles, we conducted a materiality assessment workshop, led by the 

Sustainability Steering Committee of AGTM and guided by an external consultant. We have engaged stakeholders 

from both the Trustee-Manager and AG to identify the most important ESG factors. The identification was done 

with the consideration of global and local sustainability hot topics, the landscape of the golf industry and with 

reference to our existing management approach.

Following the materiality assessment, internal reviews of the assessment results were conducted with the 

senior management from both the Trustee-Manager and AG. As a result, the following 4 ESG factors were 

identified as material for our FY17/18 sustainability report disclosure. These factors were approved by the Board. 

 

ESG FACTORS

Material Factors

Environment

Energy

Social

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

Customer Health and Safety

Customer Satisfaction

Additional Factors

Social

Local Communities

Awareness Building Activity

04


STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Material concerns for key stakeholder groups

Means of engagement with key stakeholder groups

We are committed to developing and maintaining strong relationships with our stakeholders. We practise 

open, two-way communication with our stakeholders to understand their expectations and concerns. We have 

identified 4 key stakeholder groups that have a significant impact on, or are significantly impacted by, our 

sustainability performance. The following tables show the means of stakeholder engagement and material 

concerns for our key stakeholders, respectively.

Boundary

Internal

External

Stakeholder 

Group

AGTM  

(Trustee-Manager)

AG

Unitholders

Customers

Material Factors

Economic 

Performance

Maintain 

sustainable cash 

flow and enhance 

financial return for 

unitholders

Increase revenue 

streams and reduce 

operating costs to 

sustain profitability

Receive stable and 

growing dividend

Face potential 

changes in 

membership and 

green fees

Energy

• 

Reduce 

electricity cost 

to increase 

profitability

• 

Use energy-

saving LED 

lights to reduce 

electricity costs

Align with Japan’s 

national key agenda 

on energy reduction

Reduce electricity 

cost to increase 

profitability

N/A

Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity

Achieve statutory 

employment rate 

for people with 

disabilities

• 

Achieve 

statutory 

employment 

rate for people 

with disabilities 

• 

Increase 

proportion 

of females at 

managerial level

Embrace or 

encourage diversity 

in talent pool across 

different employee 

levels

Expect high-quality 

customer service

Stakeholder 

Group

AGTM  

(Trustee-Manager)

AG

Unitholders

Customers

Means of 

Engagement

Regular internal meetings and 

communication to discuss and update on 

important initiatives and matters

• 

Timely updates 

of financial 

results and 

relevant 

announcements 

via SGXNet 

and company 

website 

• 

Annual General 

Meeting

• 

Customer 

service desk

• 

Suggestion box

• 

Online 

customer 

questionnaire

• 

Net Promoter 

Score (NPS) 

survey

05


STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Additional Factors

Local Communities

Communicate with 

the local community 

for better future 

prospects of 

visibility of the 

Accordia Brand

• 

Maintain 

a good 

relationship 

with 

landowners

• 

Attract local 

residents as 

customers 

through 

contributing 

to the local 

community

Increase visibility of 

the Accordia Brand 

by building a good 

relationship with 

the local community

Prefer golf courses 

with a good 

reputation and have 

a positive impact on 

the local community

Awareness Building 

Activity

• 

Attract new 

golfers to 

increase 

revenue

• 

Sustain the 

long-term 

development 

of the golf 

industry

• 

Attract new 

golfers to 

increase 

revenue

• 

Improve 

customer 

manners to 

reduce round-

time and 

maintenance 

cost

Increase profit by 

attracting more 

new golfers

• 

Sustain 

long-term 

development of 

the golf sport

• 

Improve 

experience 

when all players 

in the field 

have better golf 

manners

Boundary

Internal

External

Stakeholder 

Group

AGTM  

(Trustee-Manager)

AG

Unitholders

Customers

Material Factors

Customer Health 

and Safety

Maintain good reputation as well as stable 

sales and revenue

Ensure customer 

health and safety 

to sustain financial 

performance

Play golf in a safe 

environment

Customer 

Satisfaction

Respond timely to customers’ requests 

and sustain favourable relationship

Improve customer 

satisfaction for 

better business 

performance

Expect high-quality 

customer service

06


SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT

ENERGY 

Play Our Part in Energy Conservation

After the Fukushima nuclear disaster in 2011, Japan has been making nation-wide efforts in conserving energy 

to reduce the reliance on nuclear power. The government has since revised the Energy Conservation Act to drive 

energy conservation initiatives across the country. Meanwhile, at the international scale, energy usage and its 

associated carbon emission contribute to global climate change. As an island country, Japan is especially vulnerable 

to the rising sea levels and extreme weathers associated with global warming. In November 2016, Japan ratified 

the Paris Agreement and set its Nationally Determined Contribution to be an emission reduction target of 26% 

below the 2013 levels by 20301. As a responsible corporate citizen, we are committed to supporting this national 

and international agenda by enhancing our energy efficiency.

Furthermore, we are also conscious of the cost of energy. Our electricity expense accounts for a significant 

portion of our operating expenses and it fluctuates every year due to volatile crude oil price. As our energy 

consumption has a direct impact on our financial performance, it is important for us to actively manage it.

What We Do

In our golf courses, we are exploring new technologies to reduce energy use. As lighting accounts for a major part 

of our energy consumption, we are taking a phased approach to replace our lights with more energy efficient 

LED lights. The energy savings from this initiative are more evident at places with long lighting hours, such as 

office, reception desks, restaurants and locker rooms. Therefore, we prioritise these areas for the installation of 

LED lights. We have also introduced hybrid golf carts which use less gasoline and cleaner energy than traditional 

golf carts. 

In our clubs and restaurants, we strive to improve our energy efficiency through better management. We set up 

SOPs and monitoring framework over our energy consumption. We educate and remind our employees to turn 

off the lights when not in use. In some of our buildings, we have installed the Falcon system, which enables us 

to remotely monitor electricity usage and control electrical appliances. For example, we can remotely control 

temperature for all the air-conditioners. An alert will be triggered once our electricity consumption has exceeded 

the upper limit.

1 Source: United National Framework Convention on Climate Change, 2016

07


SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT

Reduction in electricity consumption through LED lights

We are proud of our Dai-Atsugi Country Club Sakura Course, our only golf course that offers night games. It is 

the first golf course to introduce LED lightings for all 18 holes. Prior to LED lights, 603 mercury lamp projectors 

were used for night game lighting at Dai-Atsugi Country Club Sakura Course. These mercury lamps have higher 

energy demand, shorter useful life and require labour-intensive maintenance as compared to LED lights. With 

the full-scale introduction of LED lights, Dai-Atsugi Country Club Sakura Course has achieved 68% reduction in 

its annual electricity consumption and a substantial saving in the operating cost.

70,794.89(kWh) 

FY2016/2017

70,082.46(kWh) 

FY2017/2018

How We Fared

Electricity usage in our golf courses is the main contribution to our total energy consumption. In FY17/18, the total 

electricity consumption for our 89 golf courses was 70,083 kilowatt hours (kWh), representing a 1% decrease 

from FY16/17.

The Way Forward

Going forward, we will continue our effort to conserve energy through better infrastructure and more efficient 

management. We will continue to monitor our total electricity consumption closely.

Total Electricity Consumption (kWh)





08


SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY  

Build a Sustainable Workforce Through Diversity and Equal Opportunity

Our employees are at the heart of our success. To deliver high-quality service to our customers, it is essential 

for us to attract, develop and retain the right talent. We believe that building a diverse workforce helps us 

better understand the varied needs of our customers and connect to a wider market. As an equal-opportunity 

employer, we strive to eliminate workplace discrimination and provide working opportunities to people with 

differenct backgrounds including those with disabilities.

What We Do

At Accordia, we value our employees and are dedicated to take care of their wellbeing. We reward our staff with 

competitive welfare packages. For example, we provide pension plans to help employees enjoy a comfortable 

retirement. We also support employees to achieve better work-life balance and to fulfil their family commitments. 

For example, our staff are entitled to a variety of special leave, such as maternity and paternity leave, child care 

leave for nursing or school events, as well as medical leave to care for family members.

We are committed to creating an inclusive working environment for our employees. We provide fair consideration 

to all job applicants, regardless of gender, age, religion, sexual orientation, family status or disability. For our 

employees, the Human Resource Department practice quarterly performance review, allowing us to promote our 

employees based on merits.







09


SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT

We also recognise that our older employees, with their lifetime of knowledge and experience, are valuable 

assets. Thus, we seek to retain them as part of our team. For example, the maintenance of the fairways and 

greens requires the gardener to apply the right amount of water and fertiliser for the changing temperature and 

humidity. It takes extensive technical knowledge and experience to deliver the expected quality of work, so it is 

important for us to continue to engage our veteran gardeners. Across our operations, we have developed polices 

to retain and recruit employees over 60 years old. After an employee reach the legal retirement age, he or she 

can be hired back as a contractor or temporary employee. These veteran employees not only provide quality 

services to our customers, but also offer valuable coaching to other fellow employees.

As a responsible corporate citizen, we strive to create work opportunities for the less privileged. In our hiring 

practices, we take a clear stance against discrimination and actively hire people with disabilities, as required by 

the Labour Law. To assist the selection and development of employees with disabilities, we have established 

a Recruitment Manual, Job Support Manual and customised our performance review system considering the 

special needs of the employees with disabilities. We also educate managers and other employees about the tasks 

suitable for employees with disabilities to ensure workplace safety and to prevent prejudice. 

How We Fared

We have maintained a diverse employee profile. More than half of our employees are female. As at March 31 

2018, we have more than 2,000 staff who are over 60 years old. During the year, there was also zero reported 

case of workplace discrimination.

The Way Forward

In the coming year, we will continue to maintain our non-discrimination policy and comply with Labour Laws.  

We will maintain our diverse employee profile and provide equal opportunities to all employees.

AG GENDER DIVERSITY

AG AGE DIVERSITY

MALE

49%

FEMALE

51%

Over 60

40%

50-59

18%

40-49

20%

30-39

12%

20-29

8%

Below 19

2%

10


SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT

CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY 

Keep Golfers Safe Through Vigilance and Education

The protection of health and safety of our customers is instrumental in building trusted relationships. We place 

great emphasis on customer health and safety to look after their wellbeing.

What We Do

We strive to provide a clean, safe and pleasant experience for our customers throughout their visit to our 

premises. In our clubhouse and restaurants, we strictly adhere to SOPs on food hygiene management. We also 

voluntarily follow the guidelines by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare to engage external organisation 

to conduct regular hygiene inspections. 

At Accordia, we implement necessary preventive measures to minimise 

the occurrence of accidents. In our golf courses, we deploy field marshals 

to ensure sufficient safety distance between playing parties and facilitate 

the orderly progression of each game. Moreover, our field staff regularly 

check and service our golf equipment, golf carts and maintain the 

conditions of the greens. In a few of our golf courses, we have piloted 

GPS systems on our golf carts. The GPS allows us to check the real-time 

traffic on the ground so we can reduce the possibility of cart accident by 

preventing congestions. 

Due to its unique geographies, Japan is susceptible to natural disasters, 

such as earthquake, tsunami and typhoon. At the same time, a significant 

proportion of our customers are in their older ages and have higher risks for 

cardiac conditions. In response, we have developed SOPs and contingency 

plans to deal with a wide range of possible emergencies. We have 

conducted evacuation training and fire drills for our employees. In the case of 

emergencies, our employees would be able to facilitate the safe evacuation 

of our customers. We have also installed Automated External Defibrillators 

(AED) in all our golf courses and mandated all our employees to at least 

undergo one AED training. By planning and preparing ahead, we are better 

positioned at handling emergencies.

Furthermore, we strive to create a strong safety culture of individual 

responsibility among our customers through education. We place special 

emphasis on safety of golfing. For example, we set up bulletin boards in 

our clubhouse to remind golfers of safety etiquette and rules.

How We Fared 

During the reporting period, we have strictly adhered to our SOPs on reporting and responding to accidents. 

The severity of each accident was graded on a scale of 1 to 5, based on our internal Accident Management 

Framework. In the past financial year, the senior management has investigated 100% of accidents with a severity 

grade equal to or higher than 3. Corrective or preventative actions were taken in a timely manner if applicable.

The Way Forward 

In the coming year, we will stay committed to safeguarding the health and safety of our customers. We aim to 

reduce the incidences of accidents with a severity grade equal to or higher than 3. We will continue to report 

and investigate all the accidents with a severity grade equal to or higher than 3, if any.





11


SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION  

Enhance the Customer Experience Through Continous Engagement

Customer satisfaction is the cornerstone of a successful business. At Accordia, we strive to create a customer-

centric mindset and to deliver a pleasant customer experience. In this way, we can build customer loyalty. 

What We Do

Stakeholder engagement helps us better understand and anticipate customer expectations. In 2016, we started 

a formal customer survey, the Net Promoter Score (“NPS”) program. On a weekly basis, each golf course sends 

out an email questionnaire to selected customers who have made online bookings. Each month, survey results 

are compiled, analysed and used as a basis for us to improve our customer service.

Furthermore, customers can communicate their feedback through our service desks, suggestion boxes and AG’s 

website. Within the management, we will redirect the comments and suggestions to the relevant department, 

which will respond to the customer feedback in accordance with our internal policies and SOPs. To improve 

the effectiveness of our feedback mechanisms, we put up bulletin boards to show our customers our standard 

procedures to handle their suggestions or requests. 

Meet our service captains

We encourage our employees to serve our customers with a positive attitude and professionalism. To improve 

service levels, we provide training for our employees, on how to identify customers’ needs, how to interact 

with customers and how to stay hospitable even in difficult situations. After each training session, we collect 

feedback to improve our training. In our daily operations, we have also appointed employees with outstanding 

performance as “Service Captains”, to instruct and guide other employees as part of continuous learning.

How We Fared

During the reporting period, all customer complaints were dealt in accordance with our internal policies and 

SOPs, in a timely manner.

The Way Forward

Going forward, we stay committed to deliver quality service to our customers. We will continue to closely 

monitor customer feedback and improve our service accordingly. We also aim to minimise customer complaints.

12


SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT

LOCAL COMMUNITIES

Contribute to a Stronger Community

It is important for us to maintain a friendly relationship with the local community. Most of our golf courses 

are dependent on renting or purchasing the land from local landowners. In addition, a large number of our 

customers and our employees are from the local communities in which we operate. We aspire to give back 

and contribute to a stronger community through providing economic support and participating in community 

events. Meanwhile, our continuous support for the local communities enable us to strengthen the potential for 

continued cooperation and business growth. 

What We Do

Our contribution towards a stronger community can be broadly categorised into three types. Firstly, it is through 

economic contribution or in-kind. We donate to local events, such as art festivals or cultural ceremonies. We also 

support local businesses by sourcing locally for our restaurants and our souvenir shops. In addition, we contribute 

to the upgrading of public roads and other public infrastructures, as per required by the local government.

The second form of community contribution is 

through venue and asset sponsorship. We provide our 

golf courses and golf driving ranges for local schools 

to organise educational events. Our golf courses are 

also occasionally used for tournaments or events held 

by local communities. In the case of emergencies, we 

have granted the municipal government access to use 

our site as a departure point for medical helicopters. 

During dry seasons, we also provide water from our 

reservoirs to local farmers for irrigation. 

Furthermore, we are actively involved in community services. Since 2010, we have participated in the Pink 

Ribbon project and helped raise awareness about breast cancer. We also set up donation boxes in our golf 

courses. Our employees volunteered in the maintenance of public roads and cleaning of local forest. Meanwhile, 

we also provide internship and job opportunities for local students.





13


SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT

AWARENESS BUILDING ACTIVITIES

Raise Awareness About Golf and Proper Golf Etiquettes

Due to Japan’s aging population and volatile economic conditions, the golf industry faces the risk of a shrinking 

customer base. In this challenging time, it is increasingly more important for us to think forward and remain 

resilient. For the long-term sustainability of our business, we conduct various awareness-building activities to 

promote golf, especially among youth and women.

At the same time, we also strive to nurture proper golf etiquette among the players, as it not only help us to 

improve our operational efficiency, but also create a more pleasant golfing experience. 

What We Do

As part of our awareness-building 

activities, in January 2014, we started 

“Accordia Kids”, a junior golfer program. 

This program aims to introduce golf to 

the younger generation. During school 

holidays, each golf course provides 

special 

coaching 

and 

facilitation 

for junior golfers, where they are 

introduced to the manners, etiquette 

and sportsmanship of golf. 

We actively encourage more women to participate in golf. We 

have hosted exclusive events for women to learn the basics 

of golfing. On our website, we have a specialised section, the 

“L-style”, which tailors the information for female golfers and 

offers a platform for them to share their golf experience. 

We place a strong emphasis on golf manners and etiquette. We 

regularly host “Easy Golf”, a program for beginners to learn basic 

moves, as well as proper golf manners and etiquette. It is run by 

our professional instructors, who can not only coach better golf 

skills, but more importantly, help new golfers to understand true 

sportsmanship of golf.





14




ACCORDIA GOLF TRUST

80 Robinson Road

#22-03A 

Singapore 068898

