
 






 



 

 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 

1 

BOARD STATEMENT 

2 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

6 

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

9 

ECONOMIC 

12 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

14 

SOCIAL 

20 

GOVERNANCE 

21 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 


 

1 

 



1 BOARD STATEMENT 

 

We are pleased to present the annual Sustainability Report of ACROMEC Limited 

(“ACROMEC”, the “Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) for our 

financial year ended 30 September 2020 (“FY2020”). This report is prepared in compliance 

with the requirement Rule 711B of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist, and references the Global Reporting 

Initiative (“GRI”) Standards, Core Option. ACROMEC has chosen the GRI framework as it is 

internationally recognised and covers a comprehensive range of sustainability disclosures. 

This report highlights the key Economic, Environmental, Social and Governance (“EESG”) 

related initiatives carried throughout a 12-month period, from 1 October 2019 to 30 

September 2020. 

 

Sustainability is a key part of the Group’s focus to create long-term value for its stakeholders. 

The key material EESG factors for the Group have been identified and reviewed by the 

executive directors. The Board of directors of the Company (“Board”) oversees the 

management and monitors these factors and takes them into consideration in the 

determination of the Group’s strategic direction and policies.  

 

We welcome feedback from our various stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts 

as this enables us to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send 

your comments and suggestions to enquiries@ACROMEC.com. 

 

1 March 2021 

 

 

 

 


 

2 

 



2 ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

 




 

3 

 



 

 

 




 

4 

 



 




 

5 

 






 

6 

 



3 SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

 

ACROMEC believes that strong governance is crucial to a sustainable business. This is 

demonstrated through our compliance with the Singapore Code of Corporate Governance 

since listing on the Singapore Exchange in April 2016. Please refer to page 25 to page 47 of 

the Annual Report 2020 for further details. As a controlled environment specialist engineering 

service provider, it is a continual challenge to successfully manage the environmental and 

social issues. In relation to the Group’s renewable energy business, these environmental 

challenges will further increase when our inaugural waste-to-energy plant at Chew’s 

Agriculture Pte Ltd’s (“Chew’s”) chicken egg production farm commences operations. 

ACROMEC has incorporated these considerations into our business model and implemented 

sustainable and responsible practices to mitigate these considerations throughout the Group. 

 

OUR SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY 

 

 

 

PLAN AND SCOPE 

The Board is involved in planning and strategising the sustainability initiatives to minimise 

EESG risks, in terms of: 

a) 

Understanding the Group’s industry’s sustainability reporting context; 

b) 

Forming a sustainability governance structure; 

c) 

Forming a sustainability goal and statement; 

d) 

Developing sustainability plan and timeline; 

e) 

Establishing the sustainability reporting framework for data collection, monitoring and 

reporting; and 

f) 

Selecting scope. 

 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT  

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and 

material factors relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders 

are also taken into account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders 

include, but are not limited to shareholders, employees, customers, suppliers, subcontractors 

and authorities. We adopt both formal and informal channels of communication to understand 

the needs of key stakeholders and incorporate these into our corporate strategies to achieve 

mutually beneficial relationships. 

Report

Collect Data

Assess 

Materiality

Engage 

Stakeholders

Plan and 

Scope


 

7 

 



 

Key Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Key Concerns Raised 

Shareholders &amp; 

Investors 

Annual general meeting 

Yearly 

Financial and operational 

performance of the Group, and 

corporate action and 

governance of the Group 

Extraordinary general 

meeting 

When required 

Annual report 

Yearly 

Corporate 

announcements and 

financial results 

announcements 

When required 

Company website 

- 

Employees 

Staff appraisal 

Yearly 

Remuneration and benefits, as 

well as training and 

development 

Town hall session 

At least yearly 

Trainings 

When required 

Customers 

online meetings and 

feedbacks due to 

COVID-19  

When required 

Quality of services, on-time 

completion, and data privacy 

Suppliers and 

Subcontractors 

 

Online meetings due to 

COVID-19 

When required 

Selection of reliable suppliers, 

and workplace health and 

safety 

Annual evaluation and 

review 

Yearly 

Immediate notification 

from subcontractors on 

occurrence of accident 

When required 

Regulators 

SGX Correspondences /  

Announcements 

When required 

Full-compliance to regulations 

Surveys 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT  

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant factors. Relevant factors 

are then prioritised to identify material factors which are subject to validation. The end result 

of this process is a list of material factors disclosed in the Sustainability Report. Process of 

which are as shown below: 

 

 

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment during the year with the help of an external 

consultant. We engaged our employees from different departments, seeking our internal 

stakeholders’ feedback for prioritisation of these topics. A materiality review will be conducted 

every year, incorporating inputs gathered from stakeholders’ engagements. 

 

 

IDENTIFICATION

PRIORITISATION

VALIDATION

REVIEW


 

8 

 



In order to determine if a factor is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment and society and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying the guidance from 

GRI, we have identified the following as our material factors:  

 

 



GOVERNANCE 

 

Corporate Governance 

Enterprise Risk Management 

Business Ethics and  



SOCIAL  

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

Local Communities 

Socioeconomic Compliance 



ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

Energy 

Effluents and Waste 

Environmental Compliance 

Supplier Environmental Assessment 



ECONOMIC 

 

Economic Performance 

Anti-Corruption 

 

 










 

9 

 



4 ECONOMIC 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE  

  

In FY2020, operations across our different business segments were disrupted to varying 

extents by the COVID-19 pandemic. There was a halt in business activities from April 2020 to 

June 2020 as Circuit Breaker lockdown measures were implemented in Singapore. 

Additionally, there was temporary disruption to manpower as a result of movement restrictions 

placed on the foreign worker community in order to combat the spread of the virus. Moreover, 

there was a general slow-down of new tender awards due to uncertainties brought about by 

the pandemic. However, towards the end of FY2020, business activities gradually resumed 

and tender activities slowly began picking up. We have thus continued to seek new business 

through direct negotiations and bidding for projects, leveraging on our established track record 

to contend with a tough operating environment where competition is expected to be keen. 

 

This year, our core EPC segment secured sizeable projects such as a S$19.5 million sub-

contract for various works at a new medical building at the Singapore General Hospital 

campus, as well as a S$5.6 million contract to fit out production suites and distribution centres 

for a customer in the biotechnology research and development sector. 

 

Till date, we added to our maintenance business segment by increasing our stake in Golden 

Harvest Engineering Pte Ltd (“Golden Harvest”) from 60% previously to 90%. Moving forward, 

we plan to strengthen our maintenance segment by integrating and developing the capabilities 

of both Golden Harvest and our existing maintenance operations. 

 

During the year, we also continued to make some headway in our new operating segment – 

renewable energy. Our waste-to-energy plant at Chew’s farm at Neo Tiew Road is currently 






 

10 

 



undergoing construction, and we expect to commence operations in the first half of the 

financial year ending 30 September 2021. Additionally, we entered into a joint venture with 

Nutara Investment Pte Ltd (“Nutara”) to deepen and broaden our expertise as well as fund the 

construction and management of this waste-to-energy plant. 

 

In addition to our operations in Singapore, we also have a 67%-owned subsidiary in Indonesia, 

P.T. Acromec Trading Indonesia (“Acromec Indonesia”), which we set up in 2018. We believe 

that geographical expansion is important for the Group’s long-term growth, and we will 

continue to explore potential business opportunities in Indonesia through Acromec Indonesia. 

 

The mix of revenue between EPC and maintenance segments remains consistent from 

FY2019, accounting for 79% and 21% of Group’s revenue respectively in FY2020, compared 

to 81% and 19% in FY2019.  

 

Revenue from the EPC and maintenance segments declined 29% and 20% to S$18.2 million 

and S$4.9 million respectively in FY2020, mainly due to a contraction in business activities, 

as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and its related countermeasures. Construction activities 

at our worksites have been slow and hampered due to restrictions imposed on workers, as 

well as disruptions to the import and procurement of materials due to the global spread of the 

virus. Project owners also exercise caution, delaying the award of project tenders following 

the effects of COVID-19. 

 

 

The EPC segment’s gross profit dipped 61% to S$1.6 million in FY2020, and gross profit 

margin narrowed by 7 percentage points year-on-year to 9%. This was due to continued 

incurrence of overhead and manpower costs despite projects being delayed. 

 

The maintenance segment’s gross profit dropped 16% to S$1.6 million in FY2020 in line with 

the decrease in revenue. However, gross profit margin for maintenance remained robust at 

32% in FY2020 compared to 31% in FY2019. We will continue to focus on growing our 

maintenance arm as it provides the Group with recurring revenue and income streams, 

thereby adding stability to the Group’s revenue which are largely project-based. 

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our FY2020 Annual 




 

11 

 



Report: 

• 

Operations Review, pages 18 to 21 

• 

Financial Highlights, page 22 

• 

Financial Statements, pages 58 to 121. 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

ACROMEC does not tolerate corruption in any form. Any report of corruption will be escalated 

to the attention of the Executive Chairman and Managing Director. There is no specific anti-

corruption policy. However, we prohibit corruption in all forms, including extortion and bribery.  

 

We have achieved the target we set last year on corruption. There has been zero reported 

incidents of corruption and fraud during the reporting period. We aim to achieve zero incidents 

of corruption in the future as well. 

Whistle Blowing 

ACROMEC is committed to high standards of corporate governance. As one of the elements 

of corporate governance, the Group has in place a whistle-blowing policy which aims to: 

a) 

provide a trusted avenue for employees, suppliers and subcontractors, customers and 

other stakeholders to report serious wrongdoings or concerns, particularly in relation 

to corruption, fraud and improprieties, without fear of reprisals when whistle-blowing in 

good faith; and 

b) 

ensure that robust arrangements are in place to facilitate independent investigation of 

the reported concern and for the appropriate follow up actions to be taken. 

 

ACROMEC will not tolerate the harassment or victimisation of anyone reporting a genuine 

concern. No person should suffer reprisal as a result of reporting a genuine concern, even if 

they are mistaken. However, this assurance does not extend to any person who intentionally 

provides information in a report which they know or reasonably believe to be untrue. 

All complaints and concerns should be reported to the Audit Committee Chairman and Lead 

Independent Director Mr. Yee Kit Hong (“Reporting Officer”) either via mail or via email at 

whistleblow@acromec.com. 

All concerns raised will be independently assessed by the Reporting Officer who will ensure 

that they are fairly and properly considered. Any person making a whistleblowing report will 

retain his/her anonymity unless he/she prefers otherwise. He/she will also be kept informed of 

who is handling the matter and the progress of the investigation. 

All records will be retained and kept strictly confidential by the Reporting Officer. 

 

 


 

12 

 



5 ENVIRONMENTAL  

 

ENERGY 

We made headway into the renewable energy sector through our 80% subsidiary, Acropower 

Pte. Ltd. (“Acropower”). In 2018, we started discussions with Chew’s, which owns a chicken 

egg production farm, to solve a waste disposal issue that they were facing at their new 

premises at Neo Tiew Road, off Lim Chu Kang. As a solution, we proposed to build, own, and 

operate a Waste-to-Energy (“WTE”) plant at their new site that will convert chicken manure 

from the farm into usable electricity. This WTE plant will undertake the treatment of manure, 

and the gasification of manure into synthesis gas (“syngas”). Finally, the generated syngas 

will be used as fuel to run a generator that will produce and supply electricity to the farm. 

These processes are self-sustainable, efficient, and carbon friendly. As at time of publication, 

we are pleased to report that the development of the plant is gaining traction. This project is 

an example of our belief in the power of renewable energy will alleviate the pressing global 

warming problem. From what we understand, about 25% of manmade global warming is 

caused by methane emissions. The shift towards reliance on renewable energy sources will 

transform our lives in many ways. Our WTE plant will be part of this transformation. It will 

reduce Chew’s Agriculture’s carbon dioxide and methane emissions, thus directly improving 

the farm’s sustainability, and reducing its impact on global warming. 

 

In May 2019, Acropower signed its inaugural contract in with Chew’s to build, own, and operate 

a WTE plant at their farm premise. The said plant will process and convert chicken manure 

into energy and supply electricity generated back to Chew’s. Shareholders’ approval for the 

diversification of this new business was obtained on 4 July 2019. The contract with Chew’s 

has been novated on 16 June 2020 to Acropower’s 70%-owned subsidiary, Neo Tiew Power 

Pte Ltd, which has been incorporated to execute the contract. The Group has recently 

concluded a joint venture agreement with Nutara taking a 30% equity interest in Neo Tiew 

Power Pte Ltd. Both parties will therefore co-invest and execute the contract with Chew’s. 

 

The Group will continue to look forward to grow its renewable energy business in the coming 

years. This new business will be an integral part of the Group’s effort to preserve and conserve 

our environment.   

 

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE  

Throughout the year, we have engaged a waste management specialist company to work with 

our project execution team and practise waste segregation management on project sites. 

 

This is followed by a second round of segregation in the waste management specialist 

company’s factory. In general, we segregate the waste into three main categories: 

a) hardcore bins - generally to collect all the bricks, concrete, tiles, cementitious material for 

reuse, recycle; 

b) scrap metal bins - generally to collect all metal-based material for reuse, recycle; and 

c) general bins - general rubbish and waste. 

 

We have achieved the target we set last year and we will continue to encourage the use of 

renewable material and resources, reduce waste through re-using and recycling to minimize 

the potential impact to our environment. 


 

13 

 



 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE  

ACROMEC has achieved ISO14000 accreditation, standards for environmental management. 

ISO14000 is based on a plan-do-check-act methodology, providing a framework for integrating 

environmental management practices by supporting environmental protection, preventing 

pollution, minimising waste, reducing energy and material use. Waste to be re-cycled is stored, 

collected and processed by qualified third-party recycling firms. 

 

There was zero incidence of non-compliance with the environmental laws and regulations 

resulting in fines or sanctions in FY2020, as targeted last year. We will maintain the same 

target for the next financial year. 

 

SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT 

ACROMEC believes that sustainable supply chain management drives organisational 

excellence and delivers desirable business results to its stakeholders.  

 

We engage our vendors to provide services such as supplying materials and installations for 

most of our projects. We have policies and procedures in place for the procurement process 

emphasizing a life cycle perspective. The procurement team will consider the product’s or 

service’s life cycle so as to assess its environmental requirements and impacts.  

 

In addition, we have in place as part of our procurement process stringent policies and 

procedures on vendor qualification and evaluation so as to reduce the risk that a supplier’s 

products do not meet ACROMEC’s requirements. 

 

We have achieved the target we set last year which is to ensure that our new suppliers in 

FY2020 were screened, evaluated and selected upon considering their environmental 

performance factors. We will continue to reduce our environmental impact and encourage the 

stakeholders, such as suppliers and subcontractors, to meet the same expectations. We will 

ensure that all new vendors will be screened, evaluated and selected in accordance to their 

conduct and performance on environmental factors. 

 


 

14 

 



6 SOCIAL 

 

Every employee plays an essential role in our company. We achieve success by promoting a 

collaborative work environment in which everyone is committed to achieve our corporate goals 

based on open and honest communications while showing care and support for each other. 

 

As COVID-19 impacted and limited social interactions much of the year, we only managed to 

hold a team-building activity through our Dinner &amp; Dance 2020 held in January 2020. 

 

 

We aim to host more of such bonding activities in the company in 2021 when the situation 

allows due to abatement of the COVID-19 pandemic and the restriction measures are lifted. 

 




 

15 

 



OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

Our employees’ health and safety at the workplace is one of our top priorities, and our ultimate 

goal is to have a zero-accident workplace. We are committed to managing and reducing health 

and safety risks through effective risk management. 

 

Our Executive Chairman and Managing Director currently oversees the Group’s Quality, 

Environment, Health, and Safety department.  

 

In FY2020, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in additional safety measures introduced to 

ensure a safe working environment for our staff. We appointed Safe Management Officers 

(SMO) and Safe Distancing Officers (SDO) to ensure that we comply with the Ministry of 

Manpower regulations Safe Management Measures (SMM) in relation to COVID-19. The SMO 

will monitor the health of our staff and workers on a daily basis and the SDO will ensure that 

we keep to the safe distancing measures. We have adequately prepared required personal 

protection equipment and medical equipment (like thermometers, hand sanitisers, gloves, and 

surgical masks) at both our offices and worksites. 

 

In view of the COVID-19 pandemic, we conducted a comprehensive safety risk assessment 

and briefed all staff and workers on the SMM. We ensured strict enforcement. In particular, 

we have met with the SMM introduced under the COVID-Safe Restart Criteria under the 

Building and Construction Authority. Some of these SMM include, safe distancing, bi-weekly 

testing of workers at worksites, segregation of workers between different worksites and 

dedicated transport for workers. We are constantly monitoring the evolving COVID-19 

situation and keep abreast of updates by the relevant authorities. 

 

We are pleased to confirm that no fatal accidents were reported in FY2020. A toolbox briefing 

is held at each work site in the morning. Toolbox meeting is generally conducted prior to 

commencement of work. Although these meetings are generally short in duration, it covers 

important topics on safety such as safe work practices. It therefore serves as a reminder to 

workers every morning on workplace safety and also refresh their knowledge. During these 

meetings, more experienced workers can share experiences and knowledge with less 

experienced ones. 

 

We have established a strict set of health and safety management policies applicable to our 

project managers, supervisors, foremen, foreign workers and sub-contractors for all projects. 

These policies cover all stages of our projects, from the time we occupy the work site, up to 

the point of completion of the projects. In addition, all environmental aspects and occupational 

health safety hazards which are in our control or under our management, as well as those that 

we cannot control or directly manage but are expected to affect our projects, are covered in 

the policies. 

 

Besides the COVID-19 additional measures, we have put in place comprehensive safety 

measures to provide a safe and healthy working environment for all our staff. Our safety 

committee is responsible for ensuring that the safety measures are adhered to. Such 

measures include: 

a) conducting periodic and necessary risk assessments for all our projects to identify the risks 

and gaps, and implement mitigating procedures in order to achieve an accident-free 

environment or minimise risks to an acceptable level; 


 

16 

 



b) conducting regular safety meetings and providing sufficient management support and 

resources to plan, implement and execute safety measures in compliance with workplace 

health and safety legislations and other requirements which include directives, guidelines 

and standards prescribed by our Group; 

c) conducting regular tools and equipment checks; 

d) improving the competency of our staff and cultivating good safety habits through proper 

training, instruction and guidance and ensuring that workplace safety and health matters 

are effectively communicated to all employees; and 

e) monitoring the effectiveness of risk control measures which have been implemented and 

conducting a third-party audit or an internal review to ensure that safety measures are 

being adhered to. 

 

As a testament of our commitment to maintaining high safety standards, ACROMEC 

Engineers Pte Ltd, our wholly owned subsidiary, has received the bizSAFE Level Star 

certification from the Workplace Safety and Health Council since 2014, in recognition of our 

workplace safety and health management system. The occupational health and safety 

management systems of ACROMEC Engineers has also received ISO45001:2018 

certification by QAI Certification Pte Ltd expiring on 30 August 2023. 

 

We invest in training to raise the employees’ awareness and develop their skills to ensure safe 

operations. In FY2020, the total training hours amounted to 250.5 hours (FY2019: 269 hours). 

 

The following is a list of our training programmes conducted in FY2020: 

Department 

Course Title 

Training Provider 

Training Hours 

Engineering 

Building a Smart Urban Farm 

Singapore Polytechnic 

8 hours 

Engineering 

BSL3 Facilities: Design and Operation 

Eagleson Institute 

16 hours 

Finance 

Occupational First Aid Refresher Course 

Agape First Aid Pte Ltd 

10 hours 

HR &amp; Admin 

Safe Management Officer Course 

BCA Academy 

4 hours 

Project 

Occupational First Aid Refresher Course 

Agape First Aid Pte Ltd 

10 hours 

Project 

Confined Space Safety Assessors Course 

Green Safe International 

40 hours 

Project 

WSQ Perform Rigger &amp; Signalman Tasks 

NTUC Learning Hub 

17.5 hours 

Project 

Supervise Construction Work for WSH 

Eversafe Academy 

33 hours 

Project 

WSQ Operate Scissor Lift 

Wong Fong Academy 

10 hours 

Project 

Safe Management Officer Course 

BCA Academy 

4 hours 

Project 

Managing Work at Height 

Eversafe Academy 

22 hours 

Project 

Project Management Professional 

NTUC Learning Hub 

40 hours 

Service 

WSQ Operate Scissor Lift 

Absolute Kinetics Consultancy 

10 hours 

Service 

BSL3 Facilities: Design and Operation 

Eagleson Institute 

16 hours 

Tender 

Occupational First Aid Refresher Course 

Agape First Aid Pte Ltd 

10 hours 

 

In addition, we provide various insurances to employees where applicable, including 

hospitalization and surgical insurance, Foreign Workers Medical Insurance, Work Injury 

Compensation Insurance and Travel Insurance, details are indicated in the Employee 

Handbook.  

 

As set out in our target, there has also been zero instance of fatal accident in FY2020. We 

aim to achieve zero instance of fatal accident and provide more trainings to our employees in 

the future as well. 

 

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 


 

17 

 



We offer workplace diversity and equal opportunities to our employees. For workplace 

diversity, we value everyone’s differences. We learn from each other regardless of cultural 

background and bring those differences into the workplace to broaden experience and 

knowledge. Diversity includes not only race but gender, ethnicity, personality, age, education 

and background. 

 

For equal opportunities, all employees are treated equally and are not disadvantaged by 

prejudices or bias. The well performing employees will qualify for promotion or rewards 

regardless of their race, gender, ethnicity, personality, age, education and background. 

 

 


 

18 

 



As at 30 September 2020, we had a workforce of 100 (FY2019: 103) full-time employees. Our 

headcounts were distributed as follows: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The ratio of female employees in the Group is relatively low but this is not unusual for our 

industry due to the nature of the business.  

 

Every employee plays an essential role in our Company and we pay utmost attention to our 

employees’ wellbeing.  

 

We have achieved the target we set last year. There were no discrimination reported in 

FY2020. We target to have zero instance of discrimination.   

 

Figure A:  Headcount distribution by age 

Figure C:  Headcount distribution by nationality 

Figure D:  Headcount distribution by length of service 

Figure B:  Headcount distribution by gender 







25%

56%

19%

AGE



&lt;30



30-50



&gt;50





79%

21%

GENDER



Male



Female

















5%2%

19%

1%

31%

5%

6%

31%

NATIONALITY



Bangladesh



China



India



Indonesia



Malaysia



Myanmar



Philippines



Singapore









69%

24%

4%3%

LENGTH OF SERVICE



&lt;5 years



5-10 years



11-15 years



&gt;15 years


 

19 

 



LOCAL COMMUNITIES 

We are committed to serving and giving back to the community. We recognize that for long-

term sustainability, we need to achieve a balance between being profit-driven and being a 

socially responsible corporate citizen. 

 

During FY2020, we have continued our corporate social responsibility efforts where we 

adopted Lions Befrienders charity and had a get together session in January 2020 where we 

celebrate Chinese New Year with the senior residents. We had lots of fun making red packets 

and sharing a meal together. 

 

 

 

 

 

We have achieved the target we set last year and we continue to aim to organize at least an 

activity to local communities annually where we give back to our society.  

 

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE 

We pride ourselves in having good corporate governance and observing compliance with 

applicable laws and regulations. The Group is committed to conduct the business with integrity 

and to safeguard the interest of both our internal and external stakeholders.  

 

Similar to prior year, there was no material non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area reported in FY2020. We aim to continue maintaining zero incidents 

of non-compliance. 




 

20 

 



7 GOVERNANCE 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

ACROMEC believes that strong governance is key to a sustainable business. Throughout 

FY2020, we continue to comply with the Code of Corporate Governance. The Board and the 

Management of ACROMEC are committed to the best practices in corporate governance to 

ensure sustainability of the Group’s operations. We will continue to ensure compliance with 

the Code of Corporate Governance. We believe that our constant drive for corporate 

excellence will allow us to establish a more transparent, accountable and equitable system, 

thereby increasing the value of the Company and its value to our shareholders. Please refer 

to the Annual Report 2020 pages 25 to 47 for details of the Group’s Corporate Governance 

Report. 

 

We have achieved the target we set last year and there has been zero cases of non-

compliance with laws and regulations resulting in significant fines and penalties. We target the 

same in FY2021.  

 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT 

The Company does not have a Risk Management Committee. However, the Management 

regularly reviews the Group’s business and operational activities to identify areas of significant 

business risks, as well as appropriate measures through which to control and mitigate these 

risks. The Management reviews all significant control policies and procedures, and highlights 

all significant matters to the Board and the AC. 

 

In response to the increasing scale and complexity of operations, the Group has also adopted 

the enterprise risk management framework (“ERM Framework”) which is in line with the 

ISO31000 – Risk Management and Guidelines and the recommended best practices 

standard. The ERM Framework will be reviewed regularly, taking into the account changes in 

the business and operation environments as well as evolving corporate governance 

requirements. Identified risks that affect the achievement of the business objectives and 

financial performance of the Group over a short-medium term are summarised in the Group’s 

risks register, and are ranked according to their likelihood and consequential impact to the 

Group as a whole. The identified risks are then managed and mitigated by counter measures. 

 

The ERM Framework is not intended to and does not replace the internal control framework 

that the Group has in place, but rather incorporates the internal control framework within it. 

The Group is able to leverage on the ERM Framework to satisfy internal control needs and to 

move towards a fuller risk management process. 

 

BUSINESS ETHICS 

All of our staff are reminded of the importance of upholding the highest standards when it 

comes to business ethics. The Group regularly updates relevant staff with development in 

international and local regulations. In FY2020, there were no significant fines or non-monetary 

sanctions for non-compliance with laws and regulations. There have also been no reported 

incidents of corruption during the reporting period. 

 


 

21 

 



GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

ACROMEC Limited 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

SR Pages 3 to 5 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Singapore 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Singapore, Indonesia 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report Pages 3 

102-6 

Markets served 

Singapore, Indonesia 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Annual Report Pages 3 

Sustainability Report (“SR”) Page 

17 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

SR Pages 16 – 17 

102-9 

Supply chain 

SR Page 13 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

None 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Acromec supports the intent of the 

Precautionary Principle but has 

not expressed a specific 

commitment. 

102-12 

External initiatives 

SR Page 18 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

None 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

SR Page 1 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour 

SR Pages 2, 19 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Annual Report Pages 25 - 47 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR Page 7 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR Page 7 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR Page 7 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR Page 7 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Annual Report Page 3 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

SR Page 1 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR Page 8 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

None 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None 

102-50 

Reporting period 

1 October 2019 to 30 September 

2020 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

28 February 2020 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the report 

SR Page 1 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

SR Page 1 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR Pages 20 to 21 

102-56 

External Assurance 

We may seek external assurance 

in the future. 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: 

Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

SR Pages 9 to 11 

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

SR Page 11 

GRI 302: Energy 

302-4 

Reduction of energy consumption 

SR Page 12 


 

22 

 



GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 306: Effluent 

and Waste  

306-2 

 

Waste by type and disposal method 

SR Page 12 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

SR Page 13 

GRI 308: Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment 

308-1 

New suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria 

SR Page 13 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and Safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and 

number of work-related fatalities 

SR Page 15 

GRI 405: Diversity 

and equal 

opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

SR Pages 16 – 17  

GRI 413: Local 

Communities 

413-1 

Operations with local community engagement, 

impact assessments, and development programs 

SR Page 18 

GRI 419: 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area 

SR Page 18 

 

