
 

 

 

 




 

 

 

 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 

1 

BOARD STATEMENT 

2 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

6 

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

9 

ECONOMIC 

13 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

15 

SOCIAL 

20 

GOVERNANCE 

21 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 


 

 

ACROMETA GROUP LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1 

 

1 BOARD STATEMENT 

 

We are pleased to present the annual Sustainability Report of AcroMeta Group Limited (f.k.a. 

as Acromec Limited, referred to in this report as “AcroMeta, or the “Company”, and together 

with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) for our financial year ended 30 September 2021 

(“FY2021”).  

 

Sustainability is a key part of the Group’s focus to create long-term value for its stakeholders. 

The key material EESG factors for the Group have been identified and reviewed by the 

executive directors. The Board of directors of the Company (“Board”) oversees the 

management and monitors these factors and takes them into consideration in the 

determination of the Group’s strategic direction and policies.  

 

REPORTING PERIOD, SCOPE AND FRAMEWORK 

In defining our reporting content, we applied the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”)’s principles 

by considering the Group’s activities, impact and substantive expectations and interests of its 

stakeholders. We observed a total of four principles, namely materiality, stakeholder 

inclusiveness, sustainability index and completeness. For reporting quality, we observed the 

principles of balance, comparability, accuracy, timeliness, clarity and reliability.  

 

This report is prepared in compliance with the requirement Rule 711B of the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist, 

and references the GRI Standards, Core Option. AcroMeta has chosen the GRI framework 

as it is internationally recognised and covers a comprehensive range of sustainability 

disclosures. This report highlights the key Economic, Environmental, Social and Governance 

(“EESG”) related initiatives of the Group carried throughout a 12-month period, from 1 

October 2020 to 30 September 2021. 

 

FEEDBACK 

We welcome feedback from our various stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts 

as this enables us to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send 

your comments and suggestions to enquiries@acrometa.com. 

 

28 February 2022 

 

 

 

 


ACROMETA GROUP LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

2 

 

2 ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 




ACROMETA GROUP LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

3 

 

 

 




ACROMETA GROUP LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

4 

 

 




ACROMETA GROUP LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

5 

 




ACROMETA GROUP LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

6 

 

3 SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

 

AcroMeta believes that strong governance is crucial to a sustainable business. This is 

demonstrated through our compliance with the Singapore Code of Corporate Governance 

since listing on the Singapore Exchange in April 2016. Please refer to page 25 to page 47 of 

the Annual Report 2021 for further details. As a controlled environment specialist engineering 

service provider, it is a continual challenge to successfully manage the environmental and 

social issues. In relation to the Group’s renewable energy business, these environmental 

challenges will further increase when our inaugural waste-to-energy plant at Chew’s 

Agriculture Pte Ltd’s (“Chew’s”) chicken egg production farm commences full operations. 

AcroMeta has incorporated these considerations into our business model and implemented 

sustainable and responsible practices to mitigate these considerations throughout the Group. 

 

OUR SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY 

 

 

 

PLAN AND SCOPE 

The Board is involved in planning and strategising the sustainability initiatives to minimise 

EESG risks, in terms of: 

a) 

Understanding the Group’s industry’s sustainability reporting context; 

b) 

Forming a sustainability governance structure; 

c) 

Forming a sustainability goal and statement; 

d) 

Developing sustainability plan and timeline; 

e) 

Establishing the sustainability reporting framework for data collection, monitoring and 

reporting; and 

f) 

Selecting scope. 

 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT  

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and 

material factors relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders 

are also taken into account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders 

include, but are not limited to shareholders, employees, customers, suppliers, subcontractors 

and authorities. We adopt both formal and informal channels of communication to understand 

the needs of key stakeholders and incorporate these into our corporate strategies to achieve 

mutually beneficial relationships. 

Report

Collect Data

Assess 

Materiality

Engage 

Stakeholders

Plan and 

Scope


ACROMETA GROUP LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

7 

 

 

Key Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Key Concerns Raised 

Shareholders &amp; 

Investors 

Annual general meeting 

Yearly 

Financial and operational 

performance of the Group, and 

corporate action and 

governance of the Group 

Extraordinary general 

meeting 

When required 

Annual report 

Yearly 

Corporate 

announcements and 

financial results 

announcements 

When required 

Company website 

- 

Employees 

Staff appraisal 

Yearly 

Remuneration and benefits, as 

well as training and 

development 

Town hall session 

At least yearly 

Trainings 

When required 

Customers 

online meetings and 

feedbacks due to 

COVID-19  

When required 

Quality of services, on-time 

completion, and data privacy 

Suppliers and 

Subcontractors 

 

Online meetings due to 

COVID-19 

When required 

Selection of reliable suppliers, 

and workplace health and 

safety 

Annual evaluation and 

review 

Yearly 

Immediate notification 

from subcontractors on 

occurrence of accident 

When required 

Regulators 

SGX Correspondences /  

Announcements 

When required 

Full-compliance to regulations 

Surveys 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT  

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant factors. Relevant factors 

are then prioritised to identify material factors which are subject to validation. The end result 

of this process is a list of material factors disclosed in the Sustainability Report. Process of 

which are as shown below: 

 

 

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment. We engaged our employees from 

different departments, seeking our internal stakeholders’ feedback for prioritisation of these 

topics. A materiality review will be conducted every year, incorporating inputs gathered from 

stakeholders’ engagements. 

 

 

IDENTIFICATION

PRIORITISATION

VALIDATION

REVIEW


ACROMETA GROUP LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

8 

 

In order to determine if a factor is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment and society and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying the guidance from 

GRI, we have identified the following as our material factors:  

 

 

GOVERNANCE 

 

Corporate Governance 

Enterprise Risk Management 

Business Ethics and  

SOCIAL  

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

Local Communities 

Socioeconomic Compliance 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

Energy 

Effluents and Waste 

Environmental Compliance 

Supplier Environmental Assessment 

ECONOMIC 

 

Economic Performance 

Anti-Corruption 

 








































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































ACROMETA GROUP LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

9 

 

4 ECONOMIC 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

This year, our core engineering, procurement, construction (“EPC”) business segment 

secured notable projects such as a S$11.0 million project for various works at Singapore 

Institute of Technology’s new campus at Punggol North. We also secured projects valued at 

S$10.8 million for three customers in the healthcare and biotechnology sector, Avance Living 

Pte Ltd, Singapore Breast Surgery Center Pte Ltd and Genscript Pte Ltd. 

 

The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in an uncertain and challenging business climate. The 

construction industry has been adversely affected. The Group faced manpower resource 

challenges brought about by border restrictions and closures and occasional supply chain and 

logistics disruptions during the course of the year. Despite this, the Group managed to deliver 

its projects, with quality, to it valued customers. 

 

Our renewable energy business segment faced similar challenges in foreign manpower 

deployment to perform the testing and commissioning for our inaugural waste-to-energy plant 

located at Chew’s Agriculture Pte Ltd’s, which led to delays in the operations of the plant. The 

Group operated the plant in phases during the year and it is currently in the final stage of 

testing and commissioning. Barring further delays from pandemic-related countermeasures, 

we expect the plant to be fully operational soon. 

 

The mix of revenue for the EPC and maintenance segments remains consistent from FY2020, 

accounting for 77% and 21% of Group’s revenue respectively in FY2021, compared to 79% 

and 21% in FY2020. The Group’s new renewable energy segment  

contributed 2% of the Group’s revenue in FY2021. 

 

Revenue from the EPC and maintenance segments rose by 24% and 22% to S$22.5 million 

and S$6.0 million respectively in FY2021, mainly due to an improvement in business and 

tender activities with the gradual easing of pandemic-related restrictions. 

 

The EPC segment’s gross profit increased by 151% to S$4.0 million in FY2021, and gross 

profit margin also doubled year-on-year to 18%, as a result of better cost monitoring and 

control on the Group’s projects. 

 

The maintenance segment’s gross profit increased by 21% to S$1.9 million in FY2021 in line 

with the increase in revenue, and gross profit margin remained at 32%. 

 

The renewable energy segment incurred gross losses of S$1.2 million in FY2021, mainly due 

to incurring costs for testing and commissioning the waste-to-energy plant. 

 

 

 

 

 


ACROMETA GROUP LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

10 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




ACROMETA GROUP LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

11 

 

 

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our FY2021 Annual 

Report: 

• 

Operations Review, pages 17 to 21 

• 

Financial Highlights, page 22 

• 

Financial Statements, pages 57 to 106. 

 




ACROMETA GROUP LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

12 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

AcroMeta does not tolerate corruption in any form. Any report of corruption will be escalated 

to the attention of the Executive Chairman and Managing Director. There is no specific anti-

corruption policy. However, we prohibit corruption in all forms, including extortion and bribery.  

 

We have achieved the target we set last year on corruption. There has been zero reported 

incidents of corruption and fraud during the reporting period. We aim to achieve zero incidents 

of corruption in the future as well. 

Whistle Blowing 

AcroMeta is committed to high standards of corporate governance. As one of the elements of 

corporate governance, the Group has in place a whistle-blowing policy which aims to: 

a) 

provide a trusted avenue for employees, suppliers and subcontractors, customers and 

other stakeholders to report serious wrongdoings or concerns, particularly in relation 

to corruption, fraud and improprieties, without fear of reprisals when whistle-blowing in 

good faith; and 

b) 

ensure that robust arrangements are in place to facilitate independent investigation of 

the reported concern and for the appropriate follow up actions to be taken. 

 

AcroMeta will not tolerate the harassment or victimisation of anyone reporting a genuine 

concern. No person should suffer reprisal as a result of reporting a genuine concern, even if 

they are mistaken. However, this assurance does not extend to any person who intentionally 

provides information in a report which they know or reasonably believe to be untrue. 

All complaints and concerns should be reported to the Audit Committee Chairman and Lead 

Independent Director Mr. Yee Kit Hong (“Reporting Officer”) either via mail or via email at 

whistleblow@acrometa.com. 

All concerns raised will be independently assessed by the Reporting Officer who will ensure 

that they are fairly and properly considered. Any person making a whistleblowing report will 

retain his/her anonymity unless he/she prefers otherwise. He/she will also be kept informed of 

who is handling the matter and the progress of the investigation. 

All records will be retained and kept strictly confidential by the Reporting Officer. 

 

 


ACROMETA GROUP LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

13 

 

5 ENVIRONMENTAL  

 

ENERGY 

We made headway into the renewable energy sector through our 56% subsidiary, Acropower 

Pte. Ltd. (“Acropower”). In 2018, we started discussions with Chew’s, which owns a chicken 

egg production farm, to solve a waste disposal issue that they were facing at their new 

premises at Neo Tiew Road, off Lim Chu Kang. As a solution, we proposed to build, own, and 

operate a Waste-to-Energy (“WTE”) plant at their new site that will convert chicken manure 

from the farm into usable electricity. This WTE plant will undertake the treatment of manure, 

and the gasification of manure into synthesis gas (“syngas”). Finally, the generated syngas 

will be used as fuel to run a generator that will produce and supply electricity to the farm. 

These processes are self-sustainable, efficient, and carbon friendly. As at time of publication, 

we are pleased to report that the development of the plant is in its final stages of completion. 

This project is an example of our belief in the power that renewable energy has to alleviate 

the pressing global warming problem. From what we understand, about 25% of manmade 

global warming is caused by methane emissions. The shift towards reliance on renewable 

energy sources will transform our lives in many ways. Our WTE plant will be part of this 

transformation. It will reduce Chew’s Agriculture’s carbon dioxide and methane emissions, 

thus directly improving the farm’s sustainability, and reducing its impact on global warming. 

 

In May 2019, Acropower signed its inaugural contract in with Chew’s to build, own, and operate 

a WTE plant at their farm premise. The said plant will process and convert chicken manure 

into energy and supply electricity generated back to Chew’s. Shareholders’ approval for the 

diversification of this new business was obtained on 4 July 2019. The contract with Chew’s 

has been novated on 16 June 2020 to Acropower’s  wholly-owned subsidiary, Neo Tiew Power 

Pte Ltd, which has been incorporated to execute the contract.  

 

We made progress in our renewable energy business. We are in the final stage of testing and 

commissioning our inaugural WTE plant at Neo Tiew Road. Operations at our WTE plant at 

Chew’s Agriculture Pte Ltd at Neo Tiew Road were delayed during the year, due to the 

pandemic-related countermeasures, causing a delay in manpower deployment and supply 

chain disruptions. Nevertheless, we pressed on and operated the plant in partial during the 

year. While losses were incurred in the starting up phase, we are glad that the plant is in its 

final stages of testing and commissioning. The success of this maiden project is expected to 

facilitate business development activities and enquiries on other similar projects, both locally 

and overseas and thereby cement the Group in the growing renewable energy business 

segment. 

 

The Group will continue to look forward to grow its renewable energy business in the coming 

years. This new business will be an integral part of the Group’s effort to preserve and conserve 

our environment.   

 


ACROMETA GROUP LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

14 

 

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE  

Throughout the year, we have engaged a waste management specialist company to work with 

our project execution team and practise waste segregation management on project sites. 

 

This is followed by a second round of segregation in the waste management specialist 

company’s factory. In general, we segregate the waste into three main categories: 

a) hardcore bins - generally to collect all the bricks, concrete, tiles, cementitious material for 

reuse, recycle; 

b) scrap metal bins - generally to collect all metal-based material for reuse, recycle; and 

c) general bins - general rubbish and waste. 

 

We have achieved the target we set last year and we will continue to encourage the use of 

renewable material and resources, reduce waste through re-using and recycling to minimize 

the potential impact to our environment. 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE  

AcroMeta has achieved ISO14000 accreditation, standards for environmental management. 

ISO14000 is based on a plan-do-check-act methodology, providing a framework for integrating 

environmental management practices by supporting environmental protection, preventing 

pollution, minimising waste, reducing energy and material use. Waste to be re-cycled is stored, 

collected and processed by qualified third-party recycling firms. 

 

There was zero incidence of non-compliance with the environmental laws and regulations 

resulting in fines or sanctions in FY2021, as targeted last year. We will maintain the same 

target for the next financial year. 

 

SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT 

AcroMeta believes that sustainable supply chain management drives organisational 

excellence and delivers desirable business results to its stakeholders.  

 

We engage our vendors to provide services such as supplying materials and installations for 

most of our projects. We have policies and procedures in place for the procurement process 

emphasizing a life cycle perspective. The procurement team will consider the product’s or 

service’s life cycle so as to assess its environmental requirements and impacts.  

 

In addition, we have in place as part of our procurement process stringent policies and 

procedures on vendor qualification and evaluation so as to reduce the risk that a supplier’s 

products do not meet AcroMeta’s requirements. 

 

We have achieved the target we set last year which is to ensure that 100% of our new suppliers 

in FY2021 were screened, evaluated and selected upon considering their environmental 

performance factors. We will continue to reduce our environmental impact and encourage the 

stakeholders, such as suppliers and subcontractors, to meet the same expectations. We will 

ensure that all new vendors will be screened, evaluated and selected in accordance to their 

conduct and performance on environmental factors. 

 


ACROMETA GROUP LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

15 

 

6 SOCIAL 

 

Every employee plays an essential role in our company. We achieve success by promoting a 

collaborative work environment in which everyone is committed to achieve our corporate goals 

based on open and honest communications while showing care and support for each other. 

 

As the COVID-19 pandemic impacted and limited social interactions much of the year, we did 

not hold any major social events during the year. Where permitted by relaxation of restrictions, 

we hold smaller size bonding activities by departments.  

 

We aim to host more bonding activities in the company in the coming financial year when the 

situation allows due to the abatement of the COVID-19 pandemic and the gradual relaxation 

of restriction measures. 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

Our employees’ health and safety at the workplace is one of our top priorities, and our ultimate 

goal is to have a zero-accident workplace. We are committed to managing and reducing health 

and safety risks through effective risk management. 

 

Our Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer oversees the Group’s Quality, 

Environment, Health, and Safety department.  

 

Since FY2020, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in additional safety measures introduced to 

ensure a safe working environment for our staff. We appointed Safe Management Officers 

(SMO) and Safe Distancing Officers (SDO) to ensure that we comply with the Ministry of 

Manpower regulations Safe Management Measures (SMM) in relation to COVID-19. The SMO 

will monitor the health of our staff and workers on a daily basis and the SDO will ensure that 

we keep to the safe distancing measures. We have adequately prepared required personal 

protection equipment and medical equipment (like thermometers, hand sanitisers, gloves, and 

surgical masks) at both our offices and worksites. 

 

In view of the COVID-19 pandemic, we conducted a comprehensive safety risk assessment 

and briefed all staff and workers on the SMM. We ensured strict enforcement. In particular, 

we have met with the SMM introduced under the COVID-Safe Restart Criteria under the 

Building and Construction Authority. Some of these SMM include, safe distancing, bi-weekly 

testing of workers at worksites, segregation of workers between different worksites and 

dedicated transport for workers. We are constantly monitoring the evolving COVID-19 

situation and keep abreast of updates by the relevant authorities. 

 

We are pleased to confirm that no fatal accidents were reported in FY2021. A toolbox briefing 

is held at each work site in the morning. Toolbox meeting is generally conducted prior to 

commencement of work. Although these meetings are generally short in duration, it covers 

important topics on safety such as safe work practices. It therefore serves as a reminder to 

workers every morning on workplace safety and also refresh their knowledge. During these 

meetings, more experienced workers can share experiences and knowledge with less 

experienced ones. 


ACROMETA GROUP LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

16 

 

 

We have established a strict set of health and safety management policies applicable to our 

project managers, supervisors, foremen, foreign workers and sub-contractors for all projects. 

These policies cover all stages of our projects, from the time we occupy the work site, up to 

the point of completion of the projects. In addition, all environmental aspects and occupational 

health safety hazards which are in our control or under our management, as well as those that 

we cannot control or directly manage but are expected to affect our projects, are covered in 

the policies. 

 

Besides the COVID-19 additional measures, we have put in place comprehensive safety 

measures to provide a safe and healthy working environment for all our staff. Our safety 

committee is responsible for ensuring that the safety measures are adhered to. Such 

measures include: 

a) conducting periodic and necessary risk assessments for all our projects to identify the risks 

and gaps, and implement mitigating procedures in order to achieve an accident-free 

environment or minimise risks to an acceptable level; 

b) conducting regular safety meetings and providing sufficient management support and 

resources to plan, implement and execute safety measures in compliance with workplace 

health and safety legislations and other requirements which include directives, guidelines 

and standards prescribed by our Group; 

c) conducting regular tools and equipment checks; 

d) improving the competency of our staff and cultivating good safety habits through proper 

training, instruction and guidance and ensuring that workplace safety and health matters 

are effectively communicated to all employees; and 

e) monitoring the effectiveness of risk control measures which have been implemented and 

conducting a third-party audit or an internal review to ensure that safety measures are 

being adhered to. 

 

As a testament of our commitment to maintaining high safety standards, Acromec Engineers 

Pte Ltd, our wholly owned subsidiary, has received the bizSAFE Level Star certification from 

the Workplace Safety and Health Council since 2014, in recognition of our workplace safety 

and health management system. The occupational health and safety management systems 

of Acromec Engineers has also received ISO45001:2018 certification by QAI Certification Pte 

Ltd expiring on 30 August 2023. 

 

We invest in training to raise the employees’ awareness and develop their skills to ensure safe 

operations. In FY2021, the total training hours amounted to 410 hours (FY2020: 250.5 hours). 

 

The following is a list of our training programmes conducted in FY2021: 

Department 

Course Title 

Training Provider 

Training Hours 

Engineering 

Building a Smart Urban Farm 

Singapore Polytechnic 

8 hours 

Engineering 

BSL3 Facilities: Design and Operation 

Eagleson Institute 

16 hours 

Finance 

Occupational First Aid Refresher Course 

Agape First Aid Pte Ltd 

10 hours 

HR &amp; Admin 

Safe Management Officer Course 

BCA Academy 

4 hours 

Project 

Occupational First Aid Refresher Course 

Agape First Aid Pte Ltd 

10 hours 

Project 

Confined Space Safety Assessors Course 

Green Safe International 

40 hours 

Project 

WSQ Perform Rigger &amp; Signalman Tasks 

NTUC Learning Hub 

17.5 hours 

Project 

Supervise Construction Work for WSH 

Eversafe Academy 

33 hours 

Project 

WSQ Operate Scissor Lift 

Wong Fong Academy 

10 hours 

Project 

Safe Management Officer Course 

BCA Academy 

4 hours 


ACROMETA GROUP LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

17 

 

Project 

Managing Work at Height 

Eversafe Academy 

22 hours 

Project 

Project Management Professional 

NTUC Learning Hub 

40 hours 

Project 

ART Supervisor for Built Environment 

BCA Academy 

16 hours 

Service 

WSQ Operate Scissor Lift 

Absolute Kinetics Consultancy 

10 hours 

Service 

BSL3 Facilities: Design and Operation 

Eagleson Institute 

16 hours 

Service 

Implement Biorisk Management System 

National University of Singapore 

118 hours 

Service 

Apply WSH in Process Plant 

Eversafe Academy 

9 hours 

Tender 

Occupational First Aid Refresher Course 

Agape First Aid Pte Ltd 

10 hours 

Business 

Development 

Effectiveness Management 

NTUC Learning Hub 

17 hours 

 

In addition, we provide various insurances to employees where applicable, including 

hospitalization and surgical insurance, Foreign Workers Medical Insurance, Work Injury 

Compensation Insurance and Travel Insurance, details are indicated in the Employee 

Handbook.  

 

As set out in our target, there has also been zero instance of fatal accident in FY2021. We 

aim to achieve zero instance of fatal accident and provide more trainings to our employees in 

the future as well. 

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

We offer workplace diversity and equal opportunities to our employees. For workplace 

diversity, we value everyone’s differences. We learn from each other regardless of cultural 

background and bring those differences into the workplace to broaden experience and 

knowledge. Diversity includes not only race but gender, ethnicity, personality, age, education 

and background. 

 

For equal opportunities, all employees are treated equally and are not disadvantaged by 

prejudices or bias. The well performing employees will qualify for promotion or rewards 

regardless of their race, gender, ethnicity, personality, age, education and background. 

 

As at 30 September 2021, we had a workforce of 126 (FY2020: 100) full-time employees. Our 

headcounts were distributed as follows: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Figure A:  Headcount distribution by age 

Figure B:  Headcount distribution by gender 









29%

58%

13%

AGE



&lt;30



30-50



&gt;50







78%

22%

GENDER



Male



Female


ACROMETA GROUP LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

18 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The ratio of female employees in the Group is relatively low but this is not unusual for our 

industry due to the nature of the business.  

 

Every employee plays an essential role in our Company and we pay utmost attention to our 

employees’ wellbeing.  

 

We have achieved the target we set last year. There were no discrimination reported in 

FY2021. We target to have zero instance of discrimination.   

 

LOCAL COMMUNITIES 

We are committed to serving and giving back to the community. We recognize that for long-

term sustainability, we need to achieve a balance between being profit-driven and being a 

socially responsible corporate citizen. 

 

During FY2021, we have continued our corporate social responsibility efforts where we 

continue to adopt Lions Befrienders as our charity that we support. While we could not 

organize any events due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we continue to foster good relationship 

with them.   

 

To be more targeted on giving back to people greatly affected by the pandemic, we also 

supported the NTUC-U care fund during the year. The NTUC-U care fund was set up to 

support low income workers and also venerable groups like the youth and elderly. The fund 

disbursed help to low income workers greatly affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.  

 

While we have not achieved the target we set last year to organize an activity, we contributed 

in other ways like providing help financially. We continue to aim to organize at least an activity 

to local communities annually where we give back to our society.  

 

 

 

Figure C:  Headcount distribution by nationality 

Figure D:  Headcount distribution by length of service 



















11%

4%

15%

1%

38%

3%

6%

22%

NATIONALITY



Bangladesh



China



India



Indonesia



Malaysia



Myanmar



Philippines



Singapore











80%

13%

5%2%

LENGTH OF SERVICE



&lt;5 years



5-10 years



11-15 years



&gt;15 years


ACROMETA GROUP LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

19 

 

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE 

We pride ourselves in having good corporate governance and observing compliance with 

applicable laws and regulations. The Group is committed to conduct the business with integrity 

and to safeguard the interest of both our internal and external stakeholders.  

 

Similar to prior year, there was no material non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area reported in FY2021. We aim to continue maintaining zero incidents 

of non-compliance. 


ACROMETA GROUP LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

20 

 

7 GOVERNANCE 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

AcroMeta believes that strong governance is key to a sustainable business. Throughout 

FY2021, we continue to comply or explain in accordance to  the Code of Corporate 

Governance. The Board and the Management of AcroMeta are committed to the best practices 

in corporate governance to ensure sustainability of the Group’s operations. We will continue 

to ensure compliance with the Code of Corporate Governance. We believe that our constant 

drive for corporate excellence will allow us to establish a more transparent, accountable and 

equitable system, thereby increasing the value of the Company and its value to our 

shareholders. Please refer to the Annual Report 2021 pages 25 to 47 for details of the Group’s 

Corporate Governance Report. 

 

We have achieved the target we set last year and there has been zero cases of non-

compliance with laws and regulations resulting in significant fines and penalties. We target the 

same in FY2022.  

 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT 

The Company does not have a Risk Management Committee. However, the Management 

regularly reviews the Group’s business and operational activities to identify areas of significant 

business risks, as well as appropriate measures through which to control and mitigate these 

risks. The Management reviews all significant control policies and procedures, and highlights 

all significant matters to the Board and the Audit Committee. 

 

In response to the increasing scale and complexity of operations, the Group has also adopted 

the enterprise risk management framework (“ERM Framework”) which is in line with the 

ISO31000 – Risk Management and Guidelines and the recommended best practices 

standard. The ERM Framework will be reviewed regularly, taking into the account changes in 

the business and operation environments as well as evolving corporate governance 

requirements. Identified risks that affect the achievement of the business objectives and 

financial performance of the Group over a short-medium term are summarised in the Group’s 

risks register, and are ranked according to their likelihood and consequential impact to the 

Group as a whole. The identified risks are then managed and mitigated by counter measures. 

 

The ERM Framework is not intended to and does not replace the internal control framework 

that the Group has in place, but rather incorporates the internal control framework within it. 

The Group is able to leverage on the ERM Framework to satisfy internal control needs and to 

move towards a fuller risk management process. 

 

BUSINESS ETHICS 

All of our staff are reminded of the importance of upholding the highest standards when it 

comes to business ethics. The Group regularly updates relevant staff with development in 

international and local regulations. In FY2021, there were no significant fines or non-monetary 

sanctions for non-compliance with laws and regulations. There have also been no reported 

incidents of corruption during the reporting period. 

 


ACROMETA GROUP LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

21 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

AcroMeta Group Limited (f.k.a 

Acromec Limited) 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

Sustainability Report (“SR”) Pages 

2 to 5 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Singapore 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Singapore, Indonesia 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report Pages 3 

102-6 

Markets served 

Singapore, Indonesia 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Annual Report Pages 3 

SR Pages 17-18 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

SR Pages 17 – 18 

102-9 

Supply chain 

SR Page 14 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

None 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

AcroMeta supports the intent of 

the Precautionary Principle but 

has not expressed a specific 

commitment. 

102-12 

External initiatives 

SR Page 18 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

None 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

SR Page 1 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour 

SR Pages 2, 20 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Annual Report Pages 25 - 47 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR Page 7 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR Page 7 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR Page 7 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR Page 7 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Annual Report Page 3 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

SR Page 1 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR Page 8 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

None 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None 

102-50 

Reporting period 

1 October 2020 to 30 September 

2021 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

1 March 2021 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the report 

SR Page 1 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

SR Page 1 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR Pages 21 to 22 

102-56 

External Assurance 

We may seek external assurance 

in the future. 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: 

Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

SR Pages 9 to 11 

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

SR Page 12 

GRI 302: Energy 

302-4 

Reduction of energy consumption 

SR Page 13 


ACROMETA GROUP LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

22 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 306: Effluent 

and Waste  

306-2 

 

Waste by type and disposal method 

SR Page 12 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

SR Page 14 

GRI 308: Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment 

308-1 

New suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria 

SR Pages 14 to 15 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and Safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and 

number of work-related fatalities 

SR Pages 15 to 17 

GRI 405: Diversity 

and equal 

opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

SR Pages 17 to 18 

GRI 413: Local 

Communities 

413-1 

Operations with local community engagement, 

impact assessments, and development programs 

SR Page 18 

GRI 419: 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area 

SR Page 19 

 

