ASA
INDUSTRY
4.0
5
CHALLENGES & CHANGES
Sustainability
Report 2019
Advanced Systems Automation Limited

Content Page
1.
Board Statement .
2.
About this Report ..
2.1.
Reporting Scope and Period
2.2.
Framework.
2.3.
Feedback.
2
3.
 Sustainability Governance
3.1.
Sustainability Strategy
2
3.2.
Sustainability Governance Structure
2
3.3.
 Stakeholder Engagement.
3
4.
 Materiality Assessment .
4.1.
Overview of Material Factors.
4.2.
Environmental...
4.2.1.
Energy and Emissions..
.6
4.2.2.
Waste
4.3.
Economic.
8
4.3.1.
Economic Performance.
8
4.4.
Social .
8
4.4.1.
Talent Attraction and Retention .
8
4.4.2.
Training and Education
9
4.4.3.
Occupational Health and Safety...
.10
4.4.4.
Supplier Assessment ...
.11
4.4.5.
Compliance with Laws and Regulations..
.12
4.4.6.
Environmental Compliance 
.12
4.4.7.
Cybersecurity .
.13
4.5.
Governance.
14
4.5.1.
Anti-corruption .
.14
4.5.2.
Corporate Governance
14

1.
Board Statement
We are pleased to present our third Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31
December 2019 ("FY2019") that shows our approach towards sustainability over the year, as
well as our practices and performance around relevant material factors.
Advanced Systems Automation Limited ("ASA") is the world's first total backend inline
equipment solution which is used by semiconductor assembly processes globally. As we
grow and expand our business, we will continue to commit ourselves to good sustainability
practices as we believe it is vital to the success of our business. As such, sustainability is at
the forefront of our considerations when making strategic decisions.
By engaging with our stakeholders and assessing material factors, we have updated our
material factors and identified 12 material factors for FY2019 which helped shaped our
sustainability strategy and set time-based targets which will be managed with the help of
our Sustainability Steering Committee.
Since the start of the COVID-19 outbreak, we have progressively implemented a series of
measures to ensure the well-being of our stakeholders. We will do our utmost to keep our
staff, customers, and visitors safe while maintain ongoing communications on COVID-19
updates and how we continue to strengthen our measures. This will ensure that we continue
to deliver products and services to our valued customers, with minimal disruptions to our
operations.
We seek to grow our role in sustainability and are sure that this will help enhance our quality
of life while protecting our planet. We look forward to working with you and welcome you
on our journey to sustainability.
2.
About this Report
2.1.
Reporting Scope and Period
This report, published annually, covers the company's policies, practices, initiatives,
performance and goals in relation to material Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG")
factors for the period of 1 January to 31 December 2019 and includes data and information
from said period relating to ASA, its subsidiaries and their services and products.
For this scope of report, we have decided to focus on Microfits Pte Ltd ("MPL") as they
produce the bulk of our products and services; as such they are the most material to ASA.
2.2.
Framework
This report is written in compliance with the requirements of SGX-ST Listing Rules 711A and
711B and has been prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative ("GRI")
Standards
This report references the following topic-specific disclosures:
GRI Standards
Disclosure
 201 Economic Performance
201-1
205 Anti-corruption
205-3
302 Energy
302-1, 302-3
305 Emissions
305-1, 305-4
1Sustainability Report FY2019

GRI Standards
Disclosure
 306 Effluents and Waste
306-3
 307 Environmental Compliance
307-1
401 Employment
401-1, 401-2
 403 Occupational Health and Safety
403-2, 403-9, 403-10
 404 Training and Education
404-1, 404-2
414 Supplier Social Assessment
414-1
418 Customer Privacy
418-1
 419 Socioeconomic Compliance
419-1
2.3.
Feedback
For any enquires, comments or feedback regarding both our sustainability performance and
inaugural sustainability report, please send them to enquiries@asa.com.sg.
3.
Sustainability Governance
3.1.
Sustainability Strategy
ASA strives to continually deliver world-class services to our customers to help them
optimise their resource utilisation. As such, it is important that sustainability is considered in
our strategic decisions as expectations for sustainable development is growing.
3.2.
Sustainability Governance Structure
Board
Sustainability Steering Committee ("SSC")
Comprises of senior members of:
Administration
Finance
 Human Resources
Information Technology
Sustainability Task Force ("STF")
2 | Sustainability Report FY2019

Sustainability Steering Committee ("Ssc")
Our sustainability strategy is headed by our Sustainability Steering Committee ("Ssc"). The
SsC provides strong direction coupled with an effective sustainability governance framework
to identify, assess and manage the ESG issues that are important to us and our stakeholders.
The SsC is represented by senior members of the Administration, Finance, Human Resources
and Information Technology divisions at ASA. They provide advice and assistance to the
Board in ensuring that policies and procedures related to ESG issues are aligned with ASA's
business strategy.
Sustainability Task Force ("STF")
The SSC is supported by the STF, which is responsible for driving sustainability initiatives and
programmes across ASA.
Board of Directors (the "Board")
The Board monitors and evaluates sustainability performance against peer companies in
order to improve performance and to identify areas of improvement. The Board also
conducts reviews of the company's approach to sustainability from the identified gaps as
compared to peer companies so that ASA will be in a better position to execute targeted
actions to address the gaps.
3.3.
Stakeholder Engagement
We strongly believe that stakeholders are an integral part of our sustainability efforts, as
such; it is of utmost importance that we engage with our stakeholders to gain valuable
insights and understand the ESG issues that they are most concerned with, helping to shape
our sustainability strategy and grow our business sustainably. Our approach to stakeholder
engagement is as follows:
Frequency of
Key
Key Topics of Concern
Mode of Engagement
Engagement and FY19
Stakeholders
Highlights
Business financial
Media releases
Ad-hoc
SGX's announcements
performance
Quarterly
Operational
 Annual general meeting
efficiency
Investors and
("AGM") for
Annually
Shareholders
Sustainable value of
shareholders
shareholding
Annual report
Annually
Return on
Website at
Ad-hoc
investments
https://www.asa.com.sg/
3Sustainability Report FY2019

Key
Frequency of
 Key Topics of Concern
Mode of Engagement
Engagement and FY19
Stakeholders
Highlights
Career development
Employees
Employees are briefed
Teambuilding
on the handbook during
activities
on boarding. Softcopy
Training
of handbook is available
opportunities
on a hard disk drive for
Developing an open
Company handbook
employees when
workforce to
requested. An
engage staff
acknowledgement form
Providing a safe and
is signed when
conducive
 employees read the
environment
handbook.
New employee
First week of work
orientation
Ad-hoc. Whistle blower
Whistle blowing policy
identities will be kept
 confidential.
Performance appraisal
Annually
Customers
Quality products
Customer visits
 Ad-hoc tour of premises
Value for money
for customers
Good service
Factory visits by
Ad-hoc tour of factories
customers
for customers
Ad-hoc. Participated in
 Participation in trade
China Semicon show on
shows
March 2019
Surveys conducted and
Customer satisfaction
customer engagement
survey
for customers
throughout the year
Customers' material
 Ad-hoc when informed
safety compliance
by customer.
requirements
Suppliers
Tender shortlisting
Supplier selection
Prior to supplier
and award criteria
process
selection
Business financial
As and when products
Supplier assessment
performance
are received.
Meeting with suppliers
As and when needed,
to discuss better ways of
e.g. when there are new
production/distribution
requirements.
4I Sustainability Report FY2019

4.
Materiality Assessment
Annually, the Board conducts an exercise, involving members of ASA's senior management
 team, to review the relevance of ASA's material factors in order to identify if there has been
any shift in priorities among stakeholders and examine any emerging areas of concern. This
was especially important this year as there were many changes in the organisation. As such,
we have engaged an external consultant to assist management with the development of the
sustainability report.
The identification of material issues involved conducting research on global and local trends
in our industry and material topics identified by our peers and industry best practices. In
FY2019, we have identified 12 material topics reflective of our business directions, as
compared to the 10 reported material topics in FY2018. This is due to a combination of the
sustainability practices in ASA maturing and our desire to put sustainability at the forefront
 of our strategic decision making.
We will continue to assess these material topics on regular basis to ensure their relevance
and importance to our business.
4.1.
Overview of Material Factors
For each material topic, table below shows the corresponding topic specific GRI standards
 and relevant United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UNSDGs).
 Material Factors
Relevant Topic-specific GRI Standards
Relevant UNSDGs
M
Energy and
GRI 302: Energy 2016
Emissions
GRI 305: Emissions 2016
Waste
GRI 306: Effluents and Waste 2016
.
G
Economic
GRI 201: Economic Performance 2016
M
Performance
Talent Attraction
GRI 401: Employment 2016
and Retention
M
Training and
GRI 404: Training and Education 2016
Education
M
 Occupational Health
GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2016
and Safety
M
Supplier
GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment 2016
Assessment
M
5 | Sustainability Report FY2019

 Material Factors
Relevant Topic-specific GRI Standards
Relevant UNSDGs
Compliance with
Laws and
GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 2016
Regulations
Environmental
GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 2016
Compliance
GRI 410: Security Practices 2016
Cybersecurity
GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016
Anti-corruption
GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016
Corporate
GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016
Governance
Impact of COVID-19 on Material Factors
Globally, manufacturing industries have taken a major hit from the COVID-19 outbreak. The
disruptions posed by the outbreak could affect the achievement of the ESG targets for FY2020. We
will continue to assess the uncertainties of COVID-19 on our operations, and the targets for FY2020
will be closely monitored against this assessment and adjusted, if necessary, to reflect the latest
developments of the pandemic.
4.2.
Environmental
4.2.1.
Energy and Emissions
A large portion of our operation costs are attributed to electricity usage in the
manufacturing process. This results in greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions. The
implementation of carbon tax in Singapore from 2019, where tax will be levied on direct
emitters, mainly power plants, will lead to higher costs. Although this results in an
insignificant increase in costs for ASA, we acknowledge that this change in regulations
signals higher expectations of the manufacturing industry when it comes to emissions. As
such, there is a new focus on emissions this year.
It is also our belief that improving our energy and emissions performance will lead to
benefits for our organisation by maximising usage of energy sources, reducing both
consumption and cost.
We acknowledge our responsibility to reduce the environmental impacts of our business
operations and commit to minimise our environmental footprints through sustainable
practices and initiatives.
6 | Sustainability Report FY2019

Management Approach
ASA places great emphasis on improving energy and emissions performance through energy
reduction initiatives, for example, increasing the usage of shared office spaces and increasing the
awareness among employees on the importance of environmental sustainability and the part they
can play by reducing their energy and emissions consumption.
Regular monitoring of our energy consumption is conducted in areas such as equipment
manufacturing, heating, ventilation and air conditioning by implementing a robust monitoring
system. With implementation of energy monitoring initiatives, we have seen a reduction in
operational costs.
Performance Data
Actual Performance
% change
from
FY2019
FY2018 to
FY2018
FY2019
Target
FY2019
Energy
Energy Consumption
212,209
208,750
-1.6%
(KWh)
To
maintain
Energy Intensity
137.00
162.20
+18.4%
intensity
KWh/ m2
within
Emissions
GHG Emissions - Scope 2
88.87
87.42
-1.6%
10% of
(tc02e)
FY2018
GHG Emissions Intensity
0.057
0.068
+19.3%
levels
(tCO2e/ m2)
Energy intensity and GHG emissions intensity increased by approximately 18.4% and 19.3%
respectively, which exceeded the target of maintaining the energy intensity within 10% from FY2018
Ievels. The increase in energy consumption in FY2019 is in line with the revenue increase compared
to FY2018. On top of this, the premises area has also reduced which resulted in the increase in the
energy intensity and GHG emissions intensity.
Performance Data
Maintain energy (electricity) intensity within 10% of FY2019's levels.
4.2.2. Waste
At ASA, we consider waste management a key issue as we observe a growing interest from
our stakeholders and communities on how we manage waste generated from our business
operations. Looking to our neighbours in Thailand and Malaysia, we can see how companies
being involved in the incorrect and irresponsible disposal of waste are being held
accountable to their actions and more importantly, how the pollution that arise could
impact communities and the environment devastatingly and threaten people's lifestyles and
their health.
1 This is based on 2018 Grid Emission Factor of 0.4188 kg CO / kWh
7 | Sustainability Report FY2019

Management Approach
ASA complies with all environmental regulations and goes beyond these legal statues to better
manage hazardous and non-hazardous waste with an Is014001-certified environmental
management system for all our operations, in every country regardless of whether it is compulsory
or not.
We ensure that our generated waste is processed through incineration, landfill or other disposal
methods that adhere to local rules and regulations, such as the Environmental Public Health (Toxic
Industrial Waste) Regulations 1988 in Singapore.
At ASA, prohibit burning of waste within our premises. All general waste and toxic industrial waste
are segregated and disposed of accordingly. We strive to recycle and possibly reuse most of the
general waste generated. We ensure collection and storage of all waste oils in secured and labelled
drums at designated areas to prevent any leaks or spills. All our waste oils and solid waste are sent
to licensed third party contractors for safe disposal.
Performance Data
In FY2018 and FY2019, there were zero incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations
concerning waste management / disposal.
ASA's toxic waste is disposed per lot, each lot contains less than 300kg load of toxic waste.
Targets
Achieve zero incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations concerning waste management
/ disposal
4.3.
Economic
4.3.1. Economic Performance
It is our belief that to deliver value for all our stakeholders, particularly our shareholders, we
have to focus on maintaining a strong financial position by carrying out our operations in a
responsible manner and building resilience throughout our business operations for long-
term sustainable growth.
Our financial performance for FY2019 can be found in the Financial Highlights section and
Appendix 2 -- Audited Financial Statements of the Annual Report for FY2019, which will be
released in due course.
4.4.
Social
4.4.1. Talent Attraction and Retention
At ASA, we value and respect every individual in the organisation and strive to have an
environment where all our employees feel like they are a part of the organisation. We are
committed to provide equal and fair employment opportunities as we believe diversity is key
to growth and innovation in our business.
8I Sustainability Report FY2019

Management Approach
We have a robust system to collect, track and monitor our human resources (HR) data including
overtime, vacation balances and the number of training days.
We believe in a transparent talent acquisition system. We offer our employees a competitive
compensation and a range of other benefits, such as health care coverage, parental leave and
retirement plans. We do not discriminate during our recruitment process and we ensure that fair
practices of hiring are adopted for all the deserving candidates, including persons with disabilities, by
offering remuneration as per market standards.
We ensure that we recruit and retain the best talent. We also learn from the employees who leave
the company through the exit interviews where we gather feedback and comments. It gives us some
key insights on the areas for improvement in our recruitment and talent retention system.
Performance Data
FY2018
FY2019
New employees hired, during
1
0
the year
Employee turnover, during the
0
8 (25%)
year
Total employees, by year end*
32
23
By gender:
7 (22%)
Female
3 (13%)
-
Male
25 (78%)
-
20 (87%)
By age:
Below 30 years old
0
-
0
 Between 30 to 50 years
13 (41%)
.
8 (35%)
old
Above 50 years old
19 (59%)
.
15 (65%)
 * Included retrenchment of 8 employees during the year.
Targets
ASA's turnover rate (25%) for FY2019 is above industry average of 1.6%2 due to the one-off
retrenchment of 8 employees.
For FY2020, ASA will continue to target a turnover rate lower than the industry average of that year.
4.4.2. Training and Education
The key to ASA's success lies with its people, as such, we want to grow the right pool of
talent who are kept abreast of the latest industry developments, future-ready and will be
able to work together for the success of the organisation. We believe we can achieve that
with the right combination of on-site and off-site training and education.
2 1.6% is based on an average from 2019 Q1-Q3 manufacturing industry turnover rate, Ministry of Manpower
9I Sustainability Report FY2019

Management Approach
Our HR department assesses the current and future skills requirements for our business operations
and design learning and development programmes to meet these requirements. These programmes
are tailored to meet the needs of employees and enhance their personal and professional
development. Our on-site training programmes in latest technology updates allow us to stay on the
forefront of the industry.
There are special training programmes for the Senior Management to identify and groom promising
individuals as part of our succession planning. We monitor the training needs and progress of our
employees on regular basis; this helps them to take ownership of their career development.
Performance Data
In FY2019, the total internal training hours provided to the staff was 70 hours, this equated to an
average of 3 hours of internal training catered to each of our employees.
Targets
For FY2020, we will set our target to provide an average of 3 hours of internal training to our
employees.
4.4.3. Occupational Health and Safety
Keeping our employees safe is our top priority as we endeavour to provide a safe working
environment for all staff. We remain committed to the health and safety and welfare of our
employees and strive to be in adherence to global and industrial standards and guidelines
while providing a safe and positive working environment to our employees.
Management Approach
ASA adopts safe work practices and have established standard operating procedures and conducts
emergency response training to ensure that the risk of accidents, injuries and exposure to health
hazards are minimised for all employees and contractors. In addition to this training, health and
safety training is conducted for employees to ensure that they are able to identify and manage
common hazards in the workplace in a safe manner. Employees and contractors are also required to
follow the ASA safety handbook which outlines standard safety practices and requirements.
On-site inspections are conducted to ensure that all equipment in ASA premises is safe for
employees to work with. There are measures set in place for air, water and noise pollution in and
around ASA manufacturing plants to ensure a healthy environment for employees and contractors
 to work in.
Emergency plans and procedures are provided on signage for employees and ASA building occupants
to read in the case of an emergency. Fire drills are conducted twice a year by the property owner to
ensure that employees are familiar with emergency procedures during a fire. During the fire drills, all
employees and contractors are made aware of the location of the fire extinguishers and learn how
to operate them. Regular inspections on fire extinguishers are conducted and signed off.
10 | Sustainability Report FY2019

AsA seeks to identify any potential hazards and monitor the effectiveness of health and safety risk
control measures implemented.
There is regular maintenance and inspections of compressors. To reduce noise pollution,
compressed air guns in our manufacturing plants are used in short intervals. Signage is also placed in
areas where hearing protection is mandatory so that employees are not exposed to excessive noise.
With the emergence of cOVID-19, we have implemented a series of measures to maintain a safe
working environment for our employees. Some of the measures include, among other things, travel
restrictions to countries of operations, on-going communications between management and staff,
provision of face masks on premise, and safe distancing among employees.
Performance Data
With zero reported workplace fatalities and zero major accidents among our employees in FY2019,
we have hereby achieved our target set for zero workplace fatalities/ injuries for FY2019.
Targets
Our FY2020 goal is to achieve zero workplace fatalities and injuries.
4.4.4. Supplier Assessment
Our suppliers form an integral part of our value chain as they contribute to our sustainability
goals and business success. As such, where we source our materials from affects our
reputation and our contribution to be a sustainable organisation.
Management Approach
We carry out due diligence of all our suppliers based on our strict requirements in terms of
sustainable practices, quality and pricing to ensure that our suppliers deliver top-quality raw
materials and products.
The suppliers who work with us are required to abide by our values and standards and conduct their
business in an ethical, legal and sustainable manner in addition to meeting the requirements of
relevant laws and regulations, such as the Restriction of Hazardous Substances (RoHS) Directive,
which includes a CE-marking directive3.
We continuously monitor and update our supplier selection process and ensure that only the best
raw materials are used in the production process. Our current suppliers of raw materials for our
production of equipment are monitored on a regular basis based on their performance. Any supplier
that fails to meet the expected quality and delivery requirement is removed from the list of raw
material suppliers.
3 "CE" is as an abbreviation of Conformite Europeenne (European Conformity)
11 | Sustainability Report FY2019

Performance Data
No new suppliers/vendors were engaged, and all suppliers and vendors met our specification
requirements and expectations for quality and delivery, thus FY2019 targets were met.
Targets
As per the target set for FY2019, we ensured that all our suppliers complied with the requirements
of the Quality Management System IS0 9001:2015.
For FY2020, our target would be to ensure that all suppliers comply with IS0 standards
(IS09001:2015 and IS014001:2015).
4.4.5. Compliance with Laws and Regulations
Compliance with the applicable laws and regulations forms one of the most important pillars
for sustainable growth and is an essential component of corporate governance in any
organisation. Our reputation is what it is today because we strive to comply with relevant
laws. We ensure that all our employees adhere to company's values to act with integrity and
conduct business in accordance with the highest ethical standards. We constantly keep
ourselves abreast with changes in the evolving regulatory landscape
Management Approach
ASA constantly keeps abreast with changes in the evolving regulatory landscape and have various
procedures and risk management standards in place.We ensure that all our employees adhere to
company's values to act with integrity and conduct business in accordance with the highest ethical
standards.
Performance Data
There were zero incidents of non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations resulting in
significant fines and / or non-momentary sanctions in FY2019, as such, the FY2019 target was met.
Targets
Zero incidents of non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations that results in significant fines
and / or non-momentary sanctions for FY2020.
4.4.6. Environmental Compliance
ASA strives for full legal and regulatory compliance, which includes not only socioeconomic
regulations, but also environmental laws.
12 | Sustainability Report FY2019

Management Approach
Our sites in Singapore are subjected to environmental laws and regulations set by the National
Environmental Agency (NEA), the Public Utilities Board (PUB) and the Singapore Civil Defence Force
(ScDF). We keep ourselves updated with any new regulations on environmental compliance which is
applicable to our business, so that we identify and manage our regulatory risks beforehand.
Performance Data
There were zero incidents of non-compliance with relevant environmental laws and regulations
resulting in significant fines and / or non-momentary sanctions in FY2019, as such, the FY2019 target
was met.
Targets
Zero incidents of non-compliance with relevant environmental laws and regulations that results in
significant fines and / or non-momentary sanctions for FY2020.
4.4.7.Cybersecurity
Cybersecurity is a key emerging threat in Singapore, as such, we strive to ensure our
defences against such breaches is sufficient in order to protect the Group's and our
stakeholders'interests.
Management Approach
Cybersecurity is handled by ASA's IT department which has routinely updated ASA's Active Antivirus
Server to protect all of ASA's clients' PCs and servers. They also conduct an annual health check for
IT Infrastructure including Servers and Devices (Firewall, VPN Device and Wireless Router). During
this session, the IT department will update the relevant firmware and related important patches.
Such updates and checks will reduce the risk of ASA being a target of cybercrime, and it will serve to
enhance the overall security in ASA's computers and network.
In ASA, users are made to reset their password annually to reduce the possibility of their account
being accessed by unauthorised people who may know their password.
Other controls put in place include data access rights to particular data folders in the data server
only being assigned to authorised users. ASA has a good and reputable firewall which is constantly
updated. There is daily back-up in place to ensure that in any case of breaches such as ransomware,
we can easily reinstall the data from our backup tape. Normal employees have limited access to the
server. In any case of malware, there will be lower chances of disrupting the data and operating
system of the server. The company website is hosted by external party and not ASA's own server.
This reduces the possibility of hacking into ASA's office server. Lastly, ASA outsourced email services
to Microsoft who possesses an advanced scanning system to scan all emails for possible viruses and
malware. This reduced ASA's cybersecurity risk significantly as normally the first point of intrusion is
through email.
Performance Data
There were zero incidents of cybersecurity breaches in FY2019
13 | Sustainability Report FY2019

Targets
There were no cybersecurity breaches in FY2019 and we continue to target for zero cybersecurity
breaches in FY2020.
4.5.
Governance
4.5.1.
Anti-corruption
In ASA, we have zero tolerance towards bribery and corruption which leads to dishonest
business practices such as conflict of interests, accepting gifts, insider information etc.
Management Approach
Our employees are required to adhere to the Code of Conduct and policies on corruption within the
Group. Information on the Code of Conduct, which includes ethical reguirements and information on
the whistle-blowing policy, is provided to all employees. During the employees' orientation, all
employees go through a mandatory induction programme, where they are briefed on the Code of
Conduct, which includes information on workplace ethics and the whistle-blowing policy.
We encourage our employees to raise their concerns regarding suspected fraud, corruption,
dishonest practices or other similar matters in a very secured and responsible manner. Any
suspicious practices or inappropriate activities in the workplace are reported immediately by our
workforce to the Head of Human Resources ("HR") and/or any member of the Executive Committee
in a fair, respectful and timely manner. We take disciplinary action on the employee who is found
guilty of fraud, dishonesty or criminal conduct.
Performance Data
There are no corruption cases in FY2019, as such; the target for FY2019 was met.
Targets
Zero cases of corruption for FY2020
4.5.2. Corporate Governance
We strive to maintain a high standard of corporate governance to ensure transparency and
accountability at all levels of our company. The Company views the adherence of such
corporate governance standards as key to protecting and enhancing value for our
stakeholders. We recognise that good corporate governance processes are essential for
enhancing corporate sustainability. To promote ethical behaviour, employees are always
required to adhere to the Group's policies and procedures. Our corporate governance
practices are set out in Appendix 1 - Corporate Governance Report of the Annual Report for
FY2019, which will be released in due course.
14 I Sustainability Report FY2019

Management Approach
We perform periodic review of our overall corporate governance in order to progressively
strengthen our structure and practices. The most recent review was performed in 2019 and we have
identified the following plans, such as further enhancements to:
Existing governance practices involving conduct and culture
Delegations of authority
Director independence and board composition
-
Corporate governance related disclosures in the annual report
In addition, by the end of FY2020, we aim to further enhance the transparency and accountability
to our stakeholders by updating governance policies and documentation such as:
Code of Conduct (for Board)
Director Conflict of Interest Policy
Board Diversity Policy
Any deviation from the recommended guidelines under the Code of Corporate Governance will be
disclosed in our Annual Report.
Performance Data
There were zero incidents of non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations resulting in
significant fines and / or non-momentary sanctions or conflicts of interest in FY2019.
Targets
Zero incidents of non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations that results in significant fines
 and / or non-momentary sanctions or conflicts of interest for FY2020.
This Sustainability Report has been reviewed by the Company's sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited
("Sponsor").
This Sustainability Report has not been examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities
Trading Limited ("SGX-ST") and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this
Sustainability Report, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made, or reports
contained in this Sustainability Report.
The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms Tay Sim Yee (Tel: (65) 6232 3210) at 1 Robinson Road, #21-
00 AIA Tower, Singapore 048542.
15 | Sustainability Report FY2019

