
 

 





 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 


 

 

 

Table of Contents 

 

C 

on\C C    Contents 

 

Page 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

1 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

2 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

3 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

Sustainability Approach and Corporate Governance 

7 

Stakeholders Engagement and Material Topics 

8 

SUSTAINABILITY TOPICS 

 

Procurement Practices 

10 

Occupational Health and Safety 

11 

Training and Education 

13 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX 

15 


1 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

We are pleased to share with you our first Sustainability Report (the “Report”) from AGV 

Group Limited (“AGV”) and our subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the financial year ended 30 

September 2018 (“FY2018”), focusing on the Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) 

material topics relating to the Group’s operations. 

 

Sustainability is gradually becoming a popular topic and its effects include influencing 

consumer preferences on businesses, increase in expectations on corporate responsibilities 

and emphasis on transparency in the way businesses operate. Hence, we believe that 

incorporating considerations on sustainability is essential in keeping up with expectations 

from key stakeholders. 

 

Collectively, the Board of Directors and senior management has incorporated considerations 

on sustainability-related material factors when formulating our business strategies and 

setting of goals. This process, which included the monitoring and reporting of sustainability 

initiatives was performed on a regular basis.  

 

In this Report, we have identified a total of three ESG factors in consultation with internal 

and external stakeholders which we believe are key to our operations and relevant to our 

industry and line of business. As we review the selection of the material factors on an 

ongoing basis, this Report also serves as a platform for us to articulate our sustainability 

efforts in detail.  

 

We invite you on-board our journey in sustainability and we look forward to sharing with you 

our experience in incorporating relevant initiatives and processes within the Group in the 

subsequent years. 

 

 

 

 

 

Sincerely, 

Board of Directors  

AGV Group Limited  

 


2 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

Report Methodology 

 

This Report was prepared by AGV Group, in accordance with the rules of the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual - Rules of Catalist (“Catalist 

Rules”) and the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards Sustainability Reporting 

Guidelines 2016 - Core Option and its reporting principles. 

 

The GRI reporting framework was adopted for its elaborated guidance on the disclosure of 

governance approaches, the environmental, social and economic performances and impacts 

on organisations. The GRI content index can be found in page 15 to 17 in this Report. We 

have also made reference to our 2018 Annual Report (“Annual Report”). 

 

We have not sought external assurance for this report, but may consider doing so in the 

future. 

 

Report Scope 

 

This Report covers the sustainability practices and efforts of our Group’s operations in 

Singapore for FY2018. The section on “Corporate Profile” sets out details of our Group’s 

businesses and activities. 

 

 

Report Contact and Feedback 

 

We welcome any feedback as part of continuous improvement to the reporting of our 

Group’s sustainability efforts and performance. Please send your comments and 

suggestions in writing to the following address: 

 

Investor Relations Department 

AGV Group Limited 

22 Benoi Road 

Singapore 629892 


3 

 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

Corporate Profile  

Our Group was incorporated in Singapore on 2 October 2015 under the name of AGV Group 

Limited. We were listed on the Catalist Board of SGX-ST on 26 August 2016. Our registered 

office, as well as our principal place of business, is located at 22 Benoi Road, Singapore 

629892. As of 30 September 2018, our total staff strength comprising full-time employees 

was 57. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We specialise in providing hot-dip galvanizing services to the steel and iron fabrication 

industries. To-date, we own a total of two hot-dipped galvanizing plants. One is situated in 

22 Benoi Road, which is within Singapore’s heavy industries in the Tuas district. The other 

plant is located in Johor’s Pasir Gudang industrial town. Each of the plants is able to handle 

up to 5,000 tonnes of hot dip galvanizing capacity per month. Our huge plant capacity makes 

us one of the leading providers of the hot-dip galvanizing service in Singapore. Our Group 

has over 900 clients from various diverse industries and across both the public and private 

sectors in Singapore. 

Our Group operates primarily in two geographical areas – Singapore and Malaysia. In 2018, 

the split of our revenue was approximately S$6.1m (76% of revenue) from Singapore and 

approximately S$1.9m (24% of revenue) from Malaysia.  





100% 

AGV Investment Pte Ltd 



100% 

Asia Galvanizing (S) Pte Ltd 



100% 

AGV C&amp;S Pte Ltd 



100%  

AGV Holdings Pte Ltd 



100% 

AGV Property Investment 

Pte Ltd 



51%  

AGV Galvanizing (M)  

Sdn Bhd 


4 

 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

FY2018 continues to be a challenging year for our Group as economic and political 

uncertainties continues to loom over global markets. We believe that by working closely with 

our business partners and being cautious in this volatile climate, we can and will continue to 

bring the Group to greater heights. Our Group will not be deterred by the economic outlook 

and will continue to serve our clients with high quality service and deliver the best to our 

clients in this competitive landscape. 

 

 

Our Supply Chain 

 

Our Group maintained good working relationships with our suppliers and contractors whose 

goals and commitments are in line with ours – to provide goods and services that are of high 

quality and in line with leading environmental, safety and health standards. We have 

stringent sourcing requirements in place for the selection of both our suppliers and 

contractors to ensure purchases are made only from approved suppliers. Factors such as 

quality and cost-effectiveness and other requirements were formalised in our Group’s 

financial policies and procedures under the section of “Contractor/Supplier Management” 

and these documents are communicated to relevant personnel within our Group. 

A well-defined and connected supply chain network has always allowed us to serve our 

customers timely and effectively. We have ensured that all materials relating to our 

operations and business activities were delivered to us within the stipulated dates and of the 

expected quality. Despite the well-coordinated supply chain we have established, we are on 

a constant lookout for suppliers/contractors that are able to maximize the value of our 

services to our customers. 

Each year, we attend conferences such as the recent Asia Pacific General Galvanizing 

Conference to interact with industry players and be updated on new or improved 

technologies. From the sharing sessions during these conferences, we also get to learn how 

to better review the quality of products and services of our existing suppliers. As such, the 

Group is better able to align our operations to be in line with market expectations. The Group 

is moving towards sustainable sourcing and procurement practices. Whilst there is more that 

we can do, we aim to take small steps and improve continuously. 

 

Membership of Associations 

Other than attending conferences, our Group also maintains positive relationships with key 

players in our industry for various reasons, such as networking, contributing to the interests 

of our industry where possible and to be updated on sustainability initiatives within our 

industry.  

Our Group is registered as a member with Singapore Iron Works Merchant Association, as 

well as the Association of Process Industry. Our participation in these associations allows 

our senior management to network within the industry and where possible, establishes 

mutual beneficial working relationships with fellow members.  


5 

 

 

 

 

 

Awards and Accreditations 

We are in compliance with both local and overseas standards and requirements on 

occupational safety and health management systems for our hot-dipped galvanizing services. 

The table below highlights selected accreditations. 

Certificates 

Validity period  

ISO 9001:2015 

26 May 2021 

SS506 &amp; BS OHSAS 

26 November 2019 

BizSAFE Star 

26 November 2019 

 

 

 










6 

 





 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


7 

 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

Sustainability Approach  

 

Our Board of Directors, senior management, as well as key stakeholders are involved in 

establishing, reviewing and monitoring initiatives on sustainability. Our Board of Directors are 

responsible for overseeing the overall direction for sustainability in our Group, and will 

incorporate considerations on sustainability in formulating our strategies. Our senior 

management is responsible for monitoring the performance on sustainability initiatives and 

report to the Board on a regular basis. We also constantly engage our key stakeholders to 

better understand their concerns and expectations so as to factor their input in the decision-

making process. 

 

Corporate Governance 

 

Our Group is committed to upholding high standards of corporate governance, transparency 

and accountability to safeguard our stakeholders’ interests and ultimately generating long-

term value. Our corporate governance practices are in line with the 16 principles of the Code 

of Corporate Governance 2012 (the “Code”) issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore 

(the “MAS”) and the disclosure guide established by the SGX-ST. Our corporate governance 

report as disclosed in page 12 to 33 of our Annual Report details our compliance to each of 

the 16 principles in the Code. We will provide explanations for any deviations from the 

guidelines in the Code. 

 

Enterprise Risk Management framework  

An Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) framework was established and put in place by our 

Group in facilitating the management to identify, manage, and address any significant risks. 

Other than actively managing risks, we can potentially leverage on the ERM framework to 

evaluate any potential opportunities to meet our business objectives and goals. The last 

ERM assessment was conducted in June 2018, with the next review scheduled for June 

2021. 

Whistle blowing policy  

 

A whistle-blowing policy is in place and is made available to all our employees. This whistle-

blowing policy provides our employees with a formalised, accessible and trusted avenue to 

report any potential cases of inappropriate behaviour in financial reporting and/or other 

matters. Arrangements are in place to make sure that there are independent and appropriate 

follow-up actions. 

 

All information received pertaining to whistle-blowing will be handled with confidentiality and 

only be known by the persons-in charge responsible for investigations so as to protect the  

anonymity of the whistle-blower. Our Audit Committee will determine the appropriate actions 

to be taken. We are glad to highlight that there were no whistle-blowing reports received in 

FY2018.


8 

 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

Our Group understands the importance of constantly having active formal and informal 

engagement, and fostering relationships with each and every of our key stakeholders. 

Through this, we are better able to comprehend their needs, which can effectively translate 

into the identification of potential new risks and opportunities for our consideration on 

improving our galvanizing services. This ultimately results in further creation of value for both 

our stakeholders and business. 

 

Stakeholder Group 

Engagement activities 

Key interests 

Shareholders 

▪ 

Board meetings and 

reporting  

▪ 

Annual and interim 

reports 

▪ 

Circulars and news 

releases to shareholders 

▪ 

Profitability 

▪ 

Transparency 

▪ 

Timely reporting 

Customers 

▪ 

Daily interactions 

▪ 

Enquiry and feedback 

channels 

▪ 

Customer survey 

▪ 

Quality products 

▪ 

Timely delivery of goods  

▪ 

Top notch customer 

service 

▪ 

Additional after sales 

services 

Employees 

▪ 

Annual employee 

performance appraisal 

▪ 

Regular team meeting 

▪ 

Staff communication 

sessions 

▪ 

Staff rights and welfare 

▪ 

Safe and Conducive 

working environment 

▪ 

Personal development  

Directors &amp; Top 

Management 

▪ 

Monthly Board meeting 

and reporting  

▪ 

Monthly meeting with 

management staffs  

▪ 

Long-term goals and 

short-term objectives 

▪ 

Directives towards 

established goals 

Business Partners  

▪ 

Frequent discussions and 

meetings  

▪ 

Partnership for 

opportunities and growth  

Suppliers 

▪ 

Periodic supplier 

evaluation 

▪ 

Comparison of quotes 

▪ 

Periodic discussions 

▪ 

 Compliance with terms 

and conditions of 

transactions 

▪ 

Compliance with terms 

and conditions of 

purchasing policies and 

procedures 

▪ 

Maintenance of ethical 

standards such as 

conforming to various 

regulators’ standard 

Government and 

Regulators 

▪ 

Discussions with 

government agencies 

and departments  

▪ 

Compliance with 

regulations 

▪ 

Timely reporting and 

resolution of issues 

 


9 

 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

Material Topics 

From the discussions with both our internal and external stakeholders and the insights they 

bring, we have derived the following materiality matrix which depicts a list of relevant 

sustainability topics and its ranking result based on its relative influence on stakeholders’ 

assessments and decisions, as well as the significance of economic, environmental and 

social impacts. Our material topics will be reviewed on an annual basis, taking into account 

ongoing feedback from our stakeholders. 

 

 

 

Sustainability Topics for FY2018 

1) Procurement Practices 

2) Occupational Health and Safety 

3) Training and Education 

 













Procurement Practice

Occupational Health

and Safety

Training and education

0

1

2

3

4

5

0

1

2

3

4

5

Influence on stakeholders assessments and decisions

Significance of economic, environmental and social impacts


10 

 

ECONOMIC 

Procurement Practices 

We are aware of the importance of putting in place proper procurement practices to 

maximise operational efficiencies, controls and to minimise costs. Zinc, being the main raw 

material for our business, is a commodity and its price fluctuates on the global markets. 

Having stringent procurement standards will help to minimize risks associated with trading 

on the global markets. It is also important that our Group works with suppliers who also 

incorporate sustainable practices in their operations so as to minimise the impact on the 

environment. 

Periodic evaluations are performed on our existing suppliers to assess if they are able to 

meet our requirements in different areas, such as timeliness, accuracy of transactions, 

quality and overall service standards. We believe that by effectively selecting of suppliers 

and working closely with them, we will be able to ensure that all raw materials and 

operational purchases are of high quality, cost-effective, and received on a timely basis. We 

may gradually incorporate additional factors that are sustainability-related (i.e. such as 

minimising the impact to the environment, purchasing from selected sources, etc.) in our 

selection and evaluation of new and existing suppliers. 

From December 2018 to June 2019, our local purchases out of the total spend was 

approximately 84% while foreign purchases added up to approximately 16%. Despite the 

fact that the cost of zinc was on the rise for the past recent years, we will not compromise on 

the quality of our services. 

Moving forward, we plan to increase 20% of new supplier contacts and work closely with 

suppliers whose business practices and goals are in line with our Group. This is so that we 

are able to effectively evaluate our list of suppliers and continue to provide sustainable and 

high-quality galvanizing services to our customers. 

 

 

 

 


11 

 

SOCIAL 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

 

The health and safety of our Group’s employees, suppliers, contractors, and the other 

stakeholders who use our offices and work site is of utmost importance to us. Effective 

occupational health and safety management will aid in enhancing our employees’ morale 

and increase productivity levels, and this is vital to our daily operations.  

 

Operating in heavy industries, we recognise the importance of having comprehensive and 

sound occupational health and safety measures in place to prevent any work place 

accidents from happening as well as additional safety measures to tailor specifically to the 

conditions of our work sites. We are in compliance and adhere to the statutory requirements 

and adopting recommended industry standards and practices laid down by the relevant 

Government bodies and Statutory Boards. In addition, our Group has established a Health 

and Safety Policy which emphasises on the need to maintain high standards of health and 

safety in the workplace. 

 

In addition, weekly reports on Workplace Health and Safety were furnished by our 

outsourced consultant (SRD Pte Ltd), detailing the information in the table below. These 

reports were acknowledged by our Work, Health and Safety (“WSH”) supervisor, and 

endorsed by our head of production and maintenance.  

 

Scope and 

objective 

Summary of audits 

List of authorities enforcement 

Accident and incident analysis 

Safety 

planning 

In-house rules and regulations (stipulating which workers are given 

warning letters for breach of safety rules) 

Committee and meeting (i.e.: toolbox meeting, Work, Health and Safety 

supervisor inspection and etc) 

Types of training programs (i.e.: safe forklift operation, evacuation and fire 

drill, and etc) 

Promotion, campaigns, awards and achievement of accident free man-

hours 

Workplace hazard analysis register (i.e.: reviews on office workstations, 

goods storage areas, 

List of hazardous substances and whether there are any availability of 

SDS 

Maintenance regime on the various fixed assets 

Workplace inspection which details description of any non-conformance, 

its corresponding corrective/preventive actions to be taken, as well as the 

person responsible for rectification 

Positive observations and practices noted throughout the workplace 


12 

 

SOCIAL 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY (Cont’d) 

 

Safety initiatives such as fire drills were held every six months where full participation by all 

employees in the workplace was mandatory, and monthly Personal Protection Equipment 

(“PPE”) inspections were in place to check that our workers were equipped with proper 

safety gear for work. 

 

 

Regular toolbox meetings were carried out to facilitate health and safety discussions on the 

work sites, which aids in promoting our Group’s safety culture. In addition to having these 

safety briefings and campaigns, safety posters, banners and signage were put up at various 

workstations and areas to raise awareness of the importance of safety to all our employees 

which serve as an additional reminder that safety should always come first.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Our Group was certified under ISO 90001:2015 in Quality Management System and SS 506 

in Occupational Safety and Health Management. In recognition of our ongoing active 

commitments to our occupational health and safety, we were awarded the BizSAFE Level 

Star certification. For further details, please refer to the section on ”Awards and 

Accreditations” in page 6 of this Report. 

With reference to the Accident and Incident Analysis in the weekly reports on Workplace 

Health and Safety, there was one reportable workplace injury and accident.  

 

We will continue to improve on our existing occupational health and safety measures in 

place and strive to implement additional safety measures to enhance our workplace safety 

practices and aim for zero workplace injuries and accidents in the coming year. 

 

 

 






13 

 

SOCIAL 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

 

With rapid changes in information and technology, it is essential for our employees from all 

functions to be updated of the latest changes in operation within our industry. As such, we 

place strong emphasis on developing and retaining talent through training and education. 

We believe that it is an important element in ensuring that our employees are well-equipped 

with the necessary technical skills and knowledge in order to contribute effectively to our 

Group’s performance.  

 

Training and education for new hires 

 

New hires are required to go through a series of training workshops, and they are given the 

opportunity to learn on the job with the guidance and monitoring from our experienced 

employees. On-the-job trainings allow our employees to familiarise themselves with the work 

processes and procedures and the opportunity to clarify their doubts. 

 

Training and education for experienced hires 

 

One of our top priorities is to create a safe work environment for our employees, which is in 

line with our Group’s focus on providing training and education for our production workers 

who are always on the ground. Examples of trainings provided include the overhead crane 

operator training to enable workers to effectively operate the cranes in a safe manner, as 

well as the Work-at-Height course where the workers are briefed on the various hazards and 

are taught the safe work practices of working at heights. 

 

 

 

 

Overhead crane operator training                

 

     Safety briefing during toolbox meeting  

 

 

Moving forward, our Group have plans to provide academic and workplace proficiency 

courses such as workplace safety and health, forklift/crane operator and supervisor courses 

to upgrade our production employees’ skills. In addition, production employees will have the 

opportunity to attend CoreTrade courses and other workplace proficiency trainings. 

 

Currently, seminars, workshops, and other professional training programs are being planned 

for employees in other departments such as sales, finance, engineering and customer 

service and admin, to upgrade their personal and professional skills.  

 

These trainings will ensure that our employees from all departments and functions will have 

the capability to effectively manage their day-to-day operations and to deliver quality 

galvanizing services to our customers. 






14 

 

SOCIAL 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION (Cont’d) 

 

Average training hours 

 

The total training hours for our production employees from December 2018 to June 2019 

were 345 hours, which is equivalent to an average of 9.6 training hours per production 

employee. 

 

Going forward, our Group plans to roll out training programs to all production employees and 

to provide higher quality trainings and achieve an average of 12 hours of training for each 

production employee.  

 

Performance and Career Development review 

 

Regular performance and career development reviews are essential for the management to 

assess the competency and abilities of its employees. All of our employees were appraised 

annually, with the exception of the production workers.  

Going forward, our Group intends to appraise all our employees so that each and every one 

of our employees are aware of the areas they have done well in, as well as the areas they 

have to work on. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


15 

 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT 

INDEX 

This report was prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards 

Core option. We did not seek external assurance for this report. 

 

Note: AR = Annual Report 2018 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page 

Reference / 

Reason for 

Omission, if 

any 

General Disclosures 

Organisation 

Profile 

102-1 

Name of the organisation  

Page 1 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Page 3 

102-3 

Location of headquarters  

Page 3 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Page 3 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form  

AR Section 

“Statistics of 

Shareholdings” 

102-6 

Markets served 

Page 3 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Page 3 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers  

Page 3 

102-9 

Supply chain  

Page 4 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

None 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach  

Page 7-9 

102-12 

External initiatives  

 

Singapore Code 

of Corporate 

Governance 

(2012) 

Singapore 

Financial 

Reporting 

Standards 

(International) 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Page 4 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

Page 1 

Ethics 

and 

Integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Page 1  

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

AR Section 

“Corporate 

Governance 

Report” 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Page 8 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

 


16 

 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT 

INDEX (Cont’d) 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page 

Reference / 

Reason for 

Omission, if 

any 

General Disclosures 

Reporting 

Practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Page 3 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Page 2 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Page 9 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

None 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Page 2 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

30 September 

2018 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Page 2 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

Page 2 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

Page 2 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Page 15-17 

102-56 

External assurance 

Page 2 

Specific Disclosures 

Training and Education 

Management 

Approach 

103-1  

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundaries 

Page 13-14 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Training and 

Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per 

employee 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programs 

Occupational Health and Safety 

Management 

Approach 

103-1  

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundaries 

Page 11-12 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and 

number of work-related fatalities 

403-3 

Workers with high incidence or high risk of 

diseases related to their occupation 


17 

 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT 

INDEX (Cont’d) 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference / 

Reason for 

Omission, if any 

Procurement Practices 

Management 

Approach 

103-1  

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundaries 

Page 10 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Procurement 

Practices 

204-1 

Proportion of spending on local suppliers 

 

 

