


 

 

 

 

Alpha Energy Holdings Limited 

Sustainability Report 

2017 

 

 

 


Contents 

 

Chairman’s Message .................................................................................................. 3 

Alpha’s Sustainability Story ........................................................................................ 4 

Organisation Profile .................................................................................................... 5 

Ethics and Integrity ..................................................................................................... 6 

Governance and Statement of the Board ................................................................... 6 

Stakeholder Engagement ........................................................................................... 7 

Reporting Practice ...................................................................................................... 8 

Workplace Health and Safety ..................................................................................... 9 

The Environment ...................................................................................................... 10 

Our Community ........................................................................................................ 12 

SGX Five Primary Components Index...................................................................... 13 

GRI Standards Content Index .................................................................................. 13 

 

 

 


3 

 

Chairman’s Message 

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

On behalf of the Board of Director’s, we are pleased to present to you the inaugural 

Sustainability Report for Alpha Energy Holdings Limited (the “Group” or “Alpha”) in respect of 

the financial year ended 31 December 2017 (“FY2017”).  

While the Group is yet to commence drilling, our outlook to sustainability begins with running 

safe, efficient and responsible operations. We put respect for people, their safety, 

communities and the environment at the heart of this approach. This is reflected within three 

key areas which are covered in our sustainability report – Workplace Health and Safety, The 

Environment and Our Community.  

Achieving a zero accident environment and a high level of safety in operations is a top 

priority of the Group. We work to ensure staff and contractors are always aware of safety 

protocol, care about others’ safety in addition to their own and stay vigilant when it comes to 

potential safety risks in our operations. 

In terms of our impact on the environment, the Group has worked closely with regulators in 

order to minimize the impact our activities have on biodiversity in our primary area of 

operations – The North Slope oil productive region of Alaska, United States of America.  

The Group is also a strong advocate of giving back to our Community. As our operations 

scale and develop from strength to strength, we hope to be able to create more job 

opportunities and employment in the region.       

At Alpha, we believe sustainability is essential to the way we conduct business. Our 

Sustainability Report is an account of our progress in this area as we continue to develop 

and prepare ourselves for the future. 

 

Sincerely,  

Mr Ravinder Singh Grewal S/O Sarbjit Singh 

Chairman  

 


4 

 

Alpha’s Sustainability Story  

 

Sustainability Philosophy 

 

While we have yet to begin substantial drilling operations in the Mustang oilfield, we have 

certainly begun our journey with an outlook that allows us to run our operations in an 

economically, socially and environmentally responsible way to ensure the sustainability of 

our operations and meet our responsibilities to stakeholders.  

 

The Group’s sustainability mission is to operate a safe, environmentally responsible North 

Slope oil exploration and development project. Utilizing experienced land, exploration and 

operations employees, the Group intends to grow from a start-up oil exploration and 

appraisal company to a significant business enterprise. 

 

Alpha’s sustainability vision is to cause no harm to people, no damage to the environment, 

while achieving full compliance with applicable regulations and standards. 

 

We believe that workplace health and safety should be the cornerstone of every company in 

our industry. As such, the safety and well-being of our employees is a top priority and we 

strive to create a safe working environment by implementing preventive measures and 

complying with industrial health and safety standards to minimise the risk of staff being 

exposed to any hazards. 

 

Sustainability Targets  

 

The Company recognises the importance of environmental compliance at all stages from 

construction to operations and will continue to endeavour for zero-incident rates.  

 

The Group will collaborate with employees, stakeholders, other companies and 

governmental entities to ensure compliance and maximize investments while keeping the 

costs of exploration and development low. 

 

We believe that employees are the organisation’s greatest assets. The Group is committed 

to nurturing and grooming all employees as well as remunerating them fairly.   

 

 

 


5 

 

Organisation Profile 

 

Company Name: Alpha Energy Holdings Limited            

Founded: 2003  

Listed: Singapore Catalist Board (listed since 2011)  

Company Headquarters: Singapore 

 

Alpha focuses on the development of independently certified oil and gas assets of Proven 

Reserves (“1P”) and Proven and Probable Reserves (“2P”) into becoming productive assets. 

At present, the Group is focused on the development of the Mustang oilfield in the North 

Slope of Alaska, USA, which was acquired in 2014. 

 

The Mustang Project 

 

The Mustang Field is a prospective oil field in the Southern Miluveach Unit (“SMU”) which 

encompasses approximately 8,960 acres in the North Slope oil production region of Alaska, 

the United States of America.  

 

It is adjacent to the south-western corner of the Kuparuk River Oil Field, the second largest 

oil field in North America having produced approximately 2.7 billion barrels of oil.  

 

The Mustang pad is connected to the Prudhoe Bay infrastructure via an all season gravel 

road and is adjacent to a common carrier pipeline providing direct access to the Trans 

Alaska Pipeline System and the world’s oil markets. 

 

Please see our 2017 Annual Report for the estimated proven oil reserves and further details 

on Mustang Project. 

 

 


6 

 

Ethics and Integrity  

 

Alpha works diligently to ensure our employees adhere to the highest standards of ethics 

and integrity and comply with applicable regulations and professional codes of conduct.   

 

Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy (GRI 205-1, 205-2, 205-3) 

 

The Group has implemented an anti-bribery and corruption policy whereby it is set out that 

there is zero tolerance approach to unethical behaviour. Alpha is committed to comply with 

all anti-bribery and corruption laws where we do business at all times. All new staff are 

briefed on an established code of conduct during their orientation on the first day of 

employment.  

 

To ensure our staff conduct themselves in a professional manner in dealing with clients and 

vendors, Alpha requires staff to declare receipt of gifts from third parties. To avoid putting 

staff in compromising situations, in particular, those holding senior positions and those 

having to deal with vendors, staff are to declare any conflict of interest, both potential or real, 

on a regularly basis or as and when they deem timely. The Group does not condone any 

bribery and corruption actions by any third parties and/or government entities.   

 

The Group has provided accessible channels for employees, shareholders, clients, 

consultants and suppliers to raise concerns on possible improprieties in financial reporting, 

fraudulent acts and other irregularities. This communication channels will ensure 

independent investigations and timely implementation of appropriate preventive and 

corrective actions. For FY2017, there are no instances of confirmed incidents of corruption 

or any whistleblowing incidents. 

 

Governance and Statement of the Board  

 

Our sustainability strategy is developed and directed by the senior management in 

consultation with the Board of Directors. The Group’s Sustainability Taskforce (“the 

Taskforce”), which includes senior management executives, is tasked to develop the 

sustainability strategy, review our material impacts, consider stakeholder priorities and set 

goals and targets, as well as monitoring the sustainability performance.  

 

The Board oversees the process of engaging stakeholders and identifying material topics by 

reviewing reports and information provided by the Taskforce. The Board has considered 

sustainability issues as part of our strategic formulation, and approved the material 

environmental, social, governance and economic topics identified overseen that the factors 

identified are managed and monitored.  

 

The Taskforce has reviewed the option for external assurance of its sustainability report. The 

Taskforce has assessed that external assurance is not required for this year as the Group 

wishes to progressively strengthen the sustainability reporting framework. 

The Group also adopts a precautionary approach in strategic decision and day-to-day 

operation by implementing a comprehensive risk management framework.  

 


7 

 

Please refer to the Corporate Governance Report in the Annual Report for more information 

on corporate governance practices and risk management structure. 

 

Stakeholder Engagement  

 

Alpha values the opinion of its stakeholders. The Group understands sustainable growth is 

dependent on understanding the concerns of our key stakeholders which currently include 

suppliers, vendors, employees, shareholders and regulators.  

 

The Group engages with all our stakeholders through a variety of channels and takes into 

account the concerns of the abovementioned stakeholders when we plan for the future. 

Material topics and focus areas are identified based on the feedback we receive from our 

stakeholders. 

 

The following table summarises our key stakeholders, engagement platforms and their key 

concerns.  

 

Stakeholders 

Engagement 

Platforms 

Issues of Concerns 

Section 

Reference 

Employees 

 Performance Appraisal 

System 

 Employee Trainings 

 Remuneration and benefits 

 Diversity 

 Health and Safety 

 Workplace 

Health and 

Safety 

 Our Community 

Community 

 Community 

engagement 

 Employment 

opportunities  

 Environmental Impact 

 Social Development 

 The 

Environment 

 Our Community  

Government 

and Regulators 

 Annual Reports 

 SGX Half Yearly 

announcements 

 Sustainability Reports 

 

 Environmental non-

compliance 

 Incident Rates  

 The 

Environment 

 Workplace 

Health and 

Safety 

Shareholders 

and Investors 

 Annual Reports  

 Investor Relations 

Management  

 Anti-corruption  

 Ethics and 

Integrity 

 

 


8 

 

Reporting Practice 

 

Our inaugural Sustainability Report is produced in accordance to the GRI standards “Core” 

option covering our Group’s performance from 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017.  

 

The GRI standards represent the global best practices for reporting on economic, 

environmental and social topics. The report also incorporates primary components of report 

content as set out by the SGX’s “Comply or Explain” requirements on sustainability reporting.  

 

Alpha’s Taskforce has reviewed the option for external assurance of its sustainability report 

and concluded that external assurance is not required for this year as the Group wishes to 

progressively strengthen our sustainability reporting framework. 

 

This report supplements the Group’s 2017 Annual Report and is available online at: 

http://www.alphaenergy.com.sg. A detailed section reference with GRI Standards can be 

found at GRI Standards Content Index section of this report.  

 

The Group’s material topics have been identified based on their impacts on our internal and 

external stakeholders, as outlined in the Stakeholders Engagement section. 

 

Key Sustainability Topics 

Boundaries (country or entity) 

ECONOMIC 

GRI 201: Economic Performance 

The Group 

GRI 202: Market Presence 

GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts 

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 

ENVIRONMENTAL  

GRI 304: Biodiversity 

The Group 

 

GRI 306: Effluents and Waste 

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 

SOCIAL  

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 

The Group 

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

GRI 413: Local Communities 

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 

 

 


9 

 

Workplace Health and Safety  

 

Vision towards an Accident-free Work Culture (GRI 403-1, 403-2, 403-3) 

 

The Group understands that its operations often pose great risks and dangers to our 

employees. To protect the health and safety of our employees, we have implemented 

stringent policies and operational procedures to govern all activities when operations 

commence. Strict compliance to these policies are enforced by the Group to protect our 

employees. 

 

The Group is committed to the implementation of an integrated Safety, Health, and 

Environmental Management System (“SHEMS”) for Group project operations.  

 

The Health and Safety aspect of the SHEMS has the following objectives and targets for its 

project operations: 

 

 

Develops contractors work plans and ensures training, awareness and competence 

so that there are zero injuries or compliance actions;  

 

Achieves Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) compliance in 

accordance to the standards set by the United States Department of Labor;  

 

Meets the philosophy and beliefs of the Group; 

 

Supports the achievement of the Group’s objectives by providing leadership and 

guidance in matters involving Health and Safety; and 

 

Verifies that Health and Safety performance objectives are met. 

 

We monitor all incidents / accidents for timely address and institute mitigating and preventive 

controls to protect the safety of our employees. We have maintained a zero incident / 

accident rate in FY2017 and hope to continue to do so going forward.  

 

 

 

 


10 

 

The Environment  

 

Alpha strives to be a socially responsible partner by adopting safe, efficient and 

environmentally-friendly processes. We consider the environmental impact arising from our 

various operations. 

 

The SHEMS’s objective and targets for the environment are as follows:  

 

 

Fulfils permit requirements to ensure zero compliance actions; 

 

Implements environmental controls and strategies to ensure zero spills or compliance 

actions; 

 

Achieves compliance with permits, governmental requirements and the North Slope 

Oil Producers (NSOP) rules; 

 

Meets the philosophy and beliefs of the Group; 

 

Supports the achievement of the Group’s objectives by providing leadership and 

guidance in matters involving the Environment; and 

 

Verifies that Environmental performance objectives are met. 

 

Biodiversity (GRI 304-1, 304-2, 304-3, 304-4) 

 

Alpha understands that the Mustang Project is based in an area where biodiversity is of 

particular concern to regulators and other stakeholders. The key species in question are the 

Stellar’s Eider, Spectacled Eider and Polar Bear.  

 

A Biological Opinion sought from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS)1 concluded 

that the Mustang Project is “not likely to adversely affect Steller’s eiders” and “is not likely to 

jeopardize the continued existence of spectacled eiders or polar bears”.  

 

Conservation measures that the Group has implemented during the development of the 

Mustang Project include: 

 

 

Power lines placed on pipeline Vertical Support Members to reduce the risk of bird 

collisions and reduce perching sites for predatory birds. No overhead power lines 

were used; 

 

Dust-control measures applied to roads and pads to protect vegetation and terrestrial 

and aquatic habitats;  

 

Careful design considerations given to facility lighting (shielded lighting to reduce 

outward-radiating light) to reduce the potential for bird strikes; 

 

A Polar Bear Interaction Plan updated annually in accordance with regulations for the 

issuance of Letters of Authorization (LOAs) for incidental take under Section 

101(a)(5)(A) of the Marine Mammal Protection Act (MMPA). The plan provides 

procedures to protect both polar bears and humans. The plan incorporates the 

following provisions:  

o Education of all personnel working in polar bear habitat;  

 

1 Biological Opinion for Mustang Development Project , U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service - 

https://www.fws.gov/alaska/fisheries/endangered/pdf/Mustang%20Development%20Final%20BO.pdf 


11 

 

o Procedures for ice road/off-site operations including den detection and 

avoidance;  

o Procedures for identifying, limiting, and isolating or removing bear attractants; 

o Procedures for early detection of bears, and an effective communication 

system to warn workers and direct appropriate responses; 

o Procedures for responding safely to bear encounters; and  

o Procedures for reporting polar bear sightings and interactions to USFWS 

Marine Mammals Management.  

 

Oil Spill Control (GRI 306-3) 

 

An Oil Discharge Prevention and Contingency Plan has been implemented and made 

available to all staff in order to outline site specific oil discharge response procedures. 

Employees are required by the SHEMS to report the details of spills of any size as well as to 

conduct daily inspections to promote spill prevention.  

 

There were no incidents of significant spills in FY2017. 

 

Environmental and Social Compliance (GRI 307-1, 419-1) 

 

The Group operates in compliance with the applicable legal, federal, state and local 

government rules and regulations, and policy driven environmental requirements for field 

project operations on the North Slope. 

 

The Group reviews the work plans and operational guidelines for the project and monitors 

contractors for compliance with these plans. The Group, and its contractors, once notified of 

a regulatory change, operational change, or other information that may affect the project, are 

responsible for communication of that change to the affected parties.  

 

During FY2017, the Group had no incident of non-compliance with environmental and 

socioeconomic laws and regulations.  

 

Alpha has met the SHEEMS objectives and targets for the environment in FY2017 and will 

strive to continue to do so in the years to come.  

 

 


12 

 

Our Community  

 

Our Workforce (405-1, 405-2) 

 

Our employment practices are non-discriminatory in nature and are based solely on job-

related factors. Our employees are remunerated, employed and promoted based on 

performance, as well as the potential and willingness to take on higher responsibilities, 

without reference to any distinction or preference made on the basis of race, national origin, 

religion, sex or marital status.  

 

We remunerate staff fairly based on local practices. We adhere to local wage legislation, 

including minimum wages where applicable.   

 

Giving back to the community (GRI 203-1, 413-1, 413-2) 

 

Alpha believes that community engagement is an integral part of our business sustainability. 

We are committed to being a responsible corporate citizen and we endeavour to give back to 

the community. The jobs we create benefit stimulate the local economy and support our 

commitment towards being a responsible corporate citizen.  

 

Indirect Economic Impact (GRI 203-1) 

 

The Mustang Field is served by infrastructure in the form of a seven kilometre all-weather 

access road and a 70,400 square meter gravel production pad which, upon completion, will 

accommodate 15,000 barrels of oil per day production facility. This road and pad are able to 

serve corporations operating in the same region and derive indirect economic benefits for 

the region.  

 

Alpha has worked towards ensuring fair employment practices and giving back to the 

community whenever the opportunity allows and hopes to continue to do so in the future.  

 

 

 


13 

 

SGX Five Primary Components Index  

 

S/N 

Primary Component   

Section Reference  

1 

Material Topics  

 

Ethics and Integrity 

 

Workplace Health and Safety 

 

The Environment 

 

Our Community 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

2 

Policies,  

Practices and Performance  

 

Chairman’s Message 

 

Alpha’s Sustainability Story 

 

Ethics and Integrity 

 

Workplace Health and Safety 

 

The Environment 

 

Our Community 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

3 

Board Statement  

 

Statement of the Board 

4 

Targets  

 

Alpha’s Sustainability Story 

5 

Framework  

 

Reporting Practice 

 

GRI Standards Content Index   

 

GRI 

Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Annual Report 2017 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Annual Report 2017 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Annual Report 2017 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Annual Report 2017 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report 2017 

102-6 

Markets served 

Annual Report 2017 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Annual Report 2017 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Annual Report 2017 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Annual Report 2017 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

Annual Report 2017 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach 

Annual Report 2017 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Annual Report 2017 

102-13 

Membership of associations  

Annual Report 2017 

102-14 

Relevance of sustainability to the organisation 

and strategy for addressing sustainability 

Chairman's Message 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour  

Ethics and Integrity  

102-17 

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about 

ethics 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-18 

Governance structure  

Governance  

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups  

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders  

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholder Engagement 


14 

 

GRI 

Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries  

Reporting Practice  

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Annual Report 2017 

205-1 

Operations 

assessed 

for 

risks 

related 

to 

corruption 

Ethics and Integrity 

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-corruption 

policies and procedures 

Ethics and Integrity 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken 

Ethics and Integrity 

304-1 

Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or 

adjacent to, protected areas and areas of high 

biodiversity value outside protected areas 

The Environment 

304-2 

Significant impacts of activities, products, and 

services on biodiversity 

The Environment 

304-3 

Habitats protected or restored 

The Environment 

304-4 

IUCN Red List species and national conservation 

list species with habitats in areas affected by 

operations 

The Environment 

306-1 

Significant spills 

The Environment 

307-1 

Non-Compliance with Environmental regulations 

and laws 

The Environment 

403-1 

Occupational Health and Safety 

Workplace Health and Safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days and absenteeism, and 

number of work-related fatalities 

Workplace Health and Safety 

403-3 

Workers with high incidence or high risk of 

diseases related to their occupation 

Workplace Health and Safety 

405-1  

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

Our Community 

405-2 

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women 

to men 

Our Community 

413-1  

Operations with local community engagement, 

impact assessments and development programs  

Our Community 

413-2 

Operation with significant actual and potential 

negative impacts on local communities 

Our Community 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic areas 

Our Community 

 

 

