
 

            Alpha DX Group Limited 

Sustainability Report  

2020 

 

 

 

 


2 | P a g e 

 

Contents  

About This Report ....................................................................................................... 4 

Governance and Statement of the Board .................................................................... 4 

Our Sustainability Story ............................................................................................... 5 

Stakeholder Engagement ............................................................................................ 7 

Material Topics and Boundaries .................................................................................. 8 

Ethics and Integrity ...................................................................................................... 9 

Workplace Health and Safety ...................................................................................... 9 

The Environment ....................................................................................................... 10 

Our Community ......................................................................................................... 12 

SGX Five Primary Components Index ...................................................................... 13 

GRI Standards Content Index ................................................................................... 14 

 

 

 


3 | P a g e 

 

Chief Executive Officer’s Message 

Dear Stakeholders, 

 

On behalf of the Board of Directors, we are pleased to present to you the Sustainability Report 

for Alpha DX Group Limited (the “Group” or “Alpha”) in respect of the financial year ended 31 

December 2020 (“FY2020”). 

 

While there was no drilling operations during the year, the Group has nonetheless continued 

to approach sustainability with an outlook that encompasses comprehensive planning, 

frameworks and risk mitigation for all future operations. We put respect for people, their safety, 

communities and the environment at the heart of this approach. 

 

The three key areas in which we place emphasis on – Workplace Health and Safety, The 

Environment and Our Community – remained our top priorities in FY2020 and will continue to 

identify and evaluate the key areas in our business to ensure they remained relevant to  form 

the basis of sustainability efforts in FY2021. 

 

At Alpha, we work hard to ensure that employees and contractors are able to operate in an 

environment that allows their loved ones to feel assured of their safe return. Our safety 

protocols are communicated widely and we encourage our employees to be vigilant when it 

comes to potential safety risks at all times. 

 

Our primary area of operations in FY2020 – the North Slope oil productive region of Alaska, 

has a range of biodiversity that we strive to protect. Steps have been taken to minimize any 

impact we may have on the area which is home to wildlife such as Polar Bears and Eiders. 

 

In order to preserve shareholders’ value, the Group has diversified its business to generate 

additional revenue streams and has identified an opportunity in the business of providing 

digital transformation services in the learning and education sector. On 21 January 2021, the 

Group had obtained the disbursement of S$22 million loan under the covertible loan 

agreement and had on 22 January 2021 completed the acquisition of all the issued and fully-

paid shares in the capital of Zionext Pte. Ltd. (formarly known as Kydon Learning Systems 

Institute Pte. Ltd.) (“Acquisition”). Following the completion of the Acquisition on 22 January 

2021, the Group will relook into the Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) factors 

and will include the relevant ESG factor for the new business of providing digital transformation 

services in the learning and education sector in the next sustainability report. 

 

At Alpha, we believe sustainability is essential to the way we conduct business. Our 

Sustainability Report is an account of our progress in this area as we continue to develop and 

prepare ourselves for the future. 

 

Sincerely, 

Mr Daiji Yamada 

Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director 

 


4 | P a g e 

 

About This Report 

 

Alpha DX Group Limited presents its annual Sustainability Report (the “Report”) which covers 

its sustainability performance from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 (the “reporting 

period”). 

 

The Report provides information about Alpha’s key sustainability topics, management policies 

and sustainability performance across all operations. The Group has chosen the Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards which represent the global best practices for reporting 

on economic, environmental and social topics. 

 

The Report is prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards’ “Core” option and incorporates 

the primary components of report content as set out by the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited’s (“SGX-ST”) “Comply or Explain” requirements on sustainability reporting 

under Rule 711B of the SGX-ST Listing Manual Section B:Rules of Catalist . 

 

The Group’s material topics are identified based on its impacts on our internal and external 

stakeholders, as outlined in the Stakeholders Engagement section. Detailed section reference 

with GRI Standards is found at the GRI Standards Content Index section of this report. The 

Group’s Sustainability Task Force has assessed that external assurance is not required. 

 

Governance and Statement of the Board  

 

Our sustainability strategy is developed and directed by the senior management in 

consultation with the Board of Directors. The Group’s Sustainability Taskforce (“the 

Taskforce”), which includes senior management executives, is tasked to develop the 

sustainability strategy, review our material impacts, consider stakeholder priorities and set 

goals and targets, as well as monitoring the sustainability performance. 

 

The Board oversees the process of engaging stakeholders and identifying material topics by 

reviewing reports and information provided by the Taskforce. The Board has considered 

sustainability issues as part of our strategic formulation, and approved the material 

environmental, social and economic topics identified and overseen that the factors identified 

are managed and monitored. 

 

The Taskforce has reviewed the option for external assurance of its sustainability report and 

assessed that external assurance is not required for this year as the Group wishes to 

progressively strengthen the sustainability reporting framework. 

 

The Group adopts a precautionary approach in strategic decision and day-to-day operation by 

implementing a comprehensive risk management framework. 

 

Please refer to the Corporate Governance section of Annual Report for FY2020 (“Annual 

Report 2020”) for more information on corporate governance practices and risk management 

structure. 

 


5 | P a g e 

 

Our Sustainability Story  

 

Sustainability Philosophy 

 

During the course of the financial year ended 31 December 2020, while Alpha’s has no drilling 

operations in the Mustang oil field, the Group continue to stress on the importance of the 

sustainability of our business while meeting the responsibilities we hold to our stakeholders.  

 

The Group’s sustainability mission had been to operate a safe, environmentally responsible 

North Slope oil exploration and development project. Utilizing experienced land, exploration 

and operations employees, the Group intended to grow from a start-up oil exploration 

company to a significant business enterprise. However, the Group’s operations had ceased 

on 28 November 2019 and had brought the Mustang oil field to a minimal maintenance state 

as a result of a series of events that occurred pursuant to the notices of default and sale 

received by the Group from its lender notifying the Group that the lender had elected to sell all 

of the Group’s oil and gas leases in public auctions (“Public Auctions”) to satisfy the Group’s 

indebtedness under the loan agreement with the lender. The Public Auction held on 23 

September 2020 for the Mustang Road, the Mustang Pad and all the Group’s leases (except 

on the leases relating to Badami oil field) were awarded to the highest bidder, with all the 

assignments being completed on 1 November 2020. The subsequent Public Auction held on 

20 January 2021 for Badami field was awarded to the highest bidder subject to the approval 

from the Department of Natural Resources of the State of Alaska. 

 

With the foreclosure of the Group’s leases and assets and taking into consideration of the 

overall economic outlook as well as the outlook of the oil and gas industry, the Group would 

view that it is extremely difficult for the Group to continue developing the Mustang Project in 

the foreseeable future. The Group has been working on the disposal of JK North Slope LLC 

and its subsidiary corporations which was approved by shareholders at the extraordinary 

general meeting convened on 24 March 2021. The Group also intends to dispose JK North 

Slope Group Inc Srl and has dissolved its subsidiary corporation, Mustang Road LLC. 

 

Alpha’s sustainability vision is to cause no harm to people and no damage to the environment, 

while achieving full compliance with applicable regulations and standards. 

 

We believe that workplace health and safety should be the cornerstone of every company in 

our industry. As such, the safety and well-being of our employees is a top priority and we strive 

to create a safe working environment by implementing preventive measures and complying 

with industrial health and safety standards to minimise the risk of staff being exposed to any 

hazards. 

 

Sustainability Targets and Performance 

 

Notwithstanding that the Group’s operation has been suspended, below is a summary of the 

Group’s sustainability targets and performance during the reporting period, up to point of the 

transfer of ownership of the auctioned assets.  

As part of the ongoing evaluation of material ESG topics, the management has reviewed and 

deemed the below topics identified in FY2020 Sustainability Report no longer relevant to the 

Group in FY2021. Hence, the material topics and its sustainability targets for FY2021 which 


6 | P a g e 

 

are relevant to the Group’s digital transformation services in the learning and education sector 

have also been set out as below. 

Alpha’s quantifiable targets include Spill Volume, Spill Incidents and Incident / Accident rates. 

Due to there was no drilling operations in FY2020, there have been no spills or incidents 

reported for FY2020. 

Material 

topics in 

FY2020 

Action plan and our efforts 

 

Performance 

Spill Volume 

Management have re-assessed this target in 

FY2020 and has decided that this topic is no 

longer material to the Group’s business for 

FY2021. 

 

The Group adhered to the Oil Discharge 

Prevention and Contingency Plan and maintain a 

zero significant spillage rate for FY2020.  

 

Target met.  

 

No 

incident 

of 

significant 

spillage 

during the year. 

Spill 

Incidents 

Management have re-assessed this target in 

FY2020 and has decided that this topic is no 

longer material to the Group’s business for 

FY2021. 

 

The Group adhered to the Oil Discharge 

Prevention and Contingency Plan and maintain a 

zero significant spillage rate for FY2020.  

 

Target met.  

 

No 

incident 

of 

significant 

spillage 

during the year. 

Incident / 

Accident 

Rates 

Management have re-assessed this target in 

FY2020 and has decided that this topic is no 

longer material to the Group’s business for 

FY2021. 

 

The Group has maintained its zero safety incident 

rate for FY2020 through strict adherence to the 

Safety, Health, and Environmental Management 

System (“SHEMS”).  

 

Target met.  

 

No incident of safety 

accident during the 

year. 

 

We conduct a high-level benchmarking exercise on a universe of topics to short-list the topics 

where our company created significant economic environmental and social impacts. Our focus 

areas for FY2021 are sustainable economic growth, good governance, and fair employment 

practices. Our target for FY2021 is to set quantitative targets for material topics and report 

performance statistics. Please see below for a summary of the material topics: action plan to 

attain these targets: 


7 | P a g e 

 

Material topics  

for FY2021 

Action plan 

Improving financial 

performance 

Financial performance is the fundamental indicator on our ability 

to meet our financial obligations to our internal and external 

stakeholders such as payment of salaries to our employees and 

settlement of suppliers’ invoices. The Group’s finance team is 

tasked with overseeing the financial health, as well as continuous 

advancement of financially sound strategy and operational 

method to seek improvement in present and future profitability. 

 

The Group intends to implement tight controls over cash outflows 

to conserve working capital and perform regular review of 

business performance by management. 

 

Incidents of 

misconduct 

The Group endeavours to maintain high level of integrity with 

zero tolerance on fraud, corruption and other forms of unethical 

behaviour or conduct.  

 

The Group has made whistleblowing channels accessible to all 

stakeholders in our efforts to strive for zero incident of reportable 

misconducts.  

 

Equality and diversity 

in the workplace 

The Group endeavours to create an inclusive workplace 

environment, committed to mutual respect, equality and fairness 

for our existing and new employees. 

 

The Group select employees based on merit and competency . 

In order to maintain a diverse and robust workforce, the Group 

also committed to further improve on human resources 

recruitment, training, appraisal and remuneration management 

which includes career development, training resources, welfare 

benefits coupled with competitive pay for our employees. 

 

 

Stakeholder Engagement  

 

Alpha values the opinion of its stakeholders. The Group understands sustainable growth is 

dependent on understanding the concerns of our key stakeholders which currently include 

suppliers, vendors, employees, shareholders and regulators. 

 

The Group engages with all its stakeholders through a variety of channels and takes into 

account the concerns of the abovementioned stakeholders when we plan for the future. 

Material topics and focus areas are identified based on the feedback we receive from our 

stakeholders. 

 

The following table summarises our key stakeholders, engagement platforms and their key 

concerns in FY2020.  


8 | P a g e 

 

 

Stakeholders 

Engagement 

Platforms 

Issues of Concerns 

Section 

Reference 

Employees 

• Performance Appraisal 

System 

• Employee Trainings 

• Remuneration and benefits 

• Diversity 

• Health and Safety 

• Workplace 

Health and 

Safety 

• Our Community 

Community 

• Community 

engagement 

• Employment 

opportunities  

• Environmental Impact 

• Social Development 

• The 

Environment 

• Our Community  

Government 

and Regulators 

• Annual Reports 

• SGX announcements 

• Sustainability Reports 

• Environmental non-

compliance 

• Incident Rates  

• The 

Environment 

• Workplace 

Health and 

Safety 

Shareholders 

and Investors 

• Annual Reports  

• Investor Relations 

Management  

• Annual General 

Meeting 

• Sustainability Reports 

• Whistle-blowing policy  

• Anti-corruption  

• Ethics and 

Integrity 

 

Material Topics and Boundaries 

 

The Group’s material topics are determined based on the principle of materiality to our internal 

and external stakeholders, as outlined in the Stakeholders Engagement section. 

Key Sustainability Topics 

Boundaries (country or entity) 

ECONOMIC 

GRI 201: Economic Performance 

The Group 

GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts 

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 

ENVIRONMENTAL  

GRI 304: Biodiversity 

The Group 

 

GRI 306: Effluents and Waste 

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 

SOCIAL  

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 

The Group 

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

GRI 413: Local Communities 

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 

 


9 | P a g e 

 

Ethics and Integrity  

 

Alpha works diligently to ensure our employees adhere to the highest standards of ethics and 

integrity and comply with applicable regulations and professional codes of conduct.   

 

Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy 

(GRI 205-1, 205-2, 205-3) 

 

The Group has implemented an anti-bribery and corruption policy whereby it is set out that 

there is zero tolerance approach to unethical behaviour. Alpha is committed to comply with all 

anti-bribery and corruption laws where we do business at all times. All new staff are briefed 

on an established code of conduct during their orientation on the first day of employment. 

 

To ensure our staff conduct themselves in a professional manner in dealing with clients and 

vendors, Alpha requires staff to declare receipt of gifts from third parties. To avoid putting staff 

in compromising situations, in particular those holding senior positions and those having to 

deal with vendors, staff are to declare any conflict of interest, whether potential or real, on an 

immediate basis. The Group does not condone any bribery and corruption actions by any third 

parties and/or government entities. 

 

The Group has provided accessible channels for employees, shareholders, clients, 

consultants and suppliers to raise concerns on possible improprieties in financial reporting, 

fraudulent acts and other irregularities. This communication channels will ensure independent 

investigations and timely implementation of appropriate preventive and corrective actions. For 

FY2020, there were no instances of confirmed incidents of corruption or any whistleblowing 

incidents. 

 

Workplace Health and Safety 

 

The Group endeavours to operate sustainably with reduced carbon footprint and water 

consumption, as well as proper waste management. However, due to the corporate 

restructuring, the Group intends to place greater emphasis on health and safety of our 

employees and customers in the digital transformation services in the learning and education 

sector moving forward. With the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic, we have stepped up our 

controls and implemented safe management measures at our workplace. 

 

 

Vision towards an Accident-free Work Culture  

GRI 403-1, 403-2, 403-3 

 

The Group understands that its operations often pose great risks and dangers to our 

employees. To protect the health and safety of our employees, we have implemented stringent 

policies and operational procedures to govern all activities when operations commence. Strict 

compliance to these policies are enforced by the Group to protect our employees. 

 

The Group is committed to the implementation of an integrated Safety, Health, and 

Environmental Management System (“SHEMS”) for Group project operations.  


10 | P a g e 

 

 

The Health and Safety aspect of the SHEMS has the following objectives and targets for its 

project operations: 

• 

Develops contractors work plans and ensures training, awareness and competence so 

that there are zero injuries or compliance actions;  

• 

Achieves Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) compliance in 

accordance to the standards set by the United States Department of Labour;  

• 

Meets the philosophy and beliefs of the Group; 

• 

Supports the achievement of the Group’s objectives by providing leadership and 

guidance in matters involving Health and Safety; and 

• 

Verifies that Health and Safety performance objectives are met. 

 

We monitor all incidents / accidents for timely address and institute mitigating and preventive 

controls to protect the safety of our employees. We have maintained a zero incident / accident 

rate in FY2020.  

 

 

The Environment  

 

Alpha strives to be a socially responsible partner by adopting safe, efficient and 

environmentally-friendly processes. We consider the environmental impact arising from our 

various operations. 

 

The SHEMS’s objective and targets for the environment in FY2020 were as follows:  

 

• 

Fulfils permit requirements to ensure zero compliance actions; 

• 

Implements environmental controls and strategies to ensure zero spills or compliance 

actions; 

• 

Achieves compliance with permits, governmental requirements and the North Slope 

Oil Producers (NSOP) rules; 

• 

Meets the philosophy and beliefs of the Group; 

• 

Supports the achievement of the Group’s objectives by providing leadership and 

guidance in matters involving the Environment; and 

• 

Verifies that Environmental performance objectives are met. 

 

The Group has met the environmental objective and targets in FY2020. 

 

Biodiversity  

GRI 304-1, 304-2, 304-3, 304-4 

 

Alpha understands that the Mustang Project is based in an area where biodiversity is of 

particular concern to regulators and other stakeholders. The key species in question are the 

Stellar’s Eider, Spectacled Eider and Polar Bear.  

 


11 | P a g e 

 

A Biological Opinion sought from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS)1 in consultation 

with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Anchorage, Alaska concluded that the Mustang Project 

is “not likely to adversely affect Steller’s eiders” and “is not likely to jeopardize the continued 

existence of spectacled eiders or polar bears”.  

 

Conservation measures that the Group has implemented during the development of the 

Mustang Project for the FY2020 includes: 

 

• 

Power lines placed on pipeline Vertical Support Members to reduce the risk of bird 

collisions and reduce perching sites for predatory birds. No overhead power lines were 

used; 

• 

Dust-control measures applied to roads and pads to protect vegetation and terrestrial 

and aquatic habitats;  

• 

Careful design considerations given to facility lighting (shielded lighting to reduce 

outward-radiating light) to reduce the potential for bird strikes; 

• 

A Polar Bear Interaction Plan updated annually in accordance with regulations for the 

issuance of Letters of Authorization (LOAs) for incidental take under Section 

101(a)(5)(A) of the Marine Mammal Protection Act (MMPA). The plan provides 

procedures to protect both polar bears and humans. The plan incorporates the 

following provisions:  

o Education of all personnel working in polar bear habitat;  

o Procedures for ice road/off-site operations including den detection and 

avoidance;  

o Procedures for identifying, limiting, and isolating or removing bear attractants; 

o Procedures for early detection of bears, and an effective communication 

system to warn workers and direct appropriate responses; 

o Procedures for responding safely to bear encounters; and  

o Procedures for reporting polar bear sightings and interactions to USFWS 

Marine Mammals Management. 

 

Oil Spill Control  

GRI 306-3 

 

An Oil Discharge Prevention and Contingency Plan has been implemented since 2015 and 

made available to all staff in order to outline site specific oil discharge response procedures. 

Additionally, employees are required by the SHEMS to report the details of spills of any size 

as well as to conduct daily inspections to promote spill prevention. 

 

There were no incidents of significant spills in FY2020. 

 

Environmental and Social Compliance 

(GRI 307-1, 419-1) 

 

 

1 Biological Opinion for Mustang Development Project, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service -  

https://www.fws.gov/r7/fisheries/endangered/pdf/Mustang%20Development%20Final%20BO.pdf 

 


12 | P a g e 

 

The Group operates in compliance with the applicable legal, federal, state and local 

government rules and regulations, and policy driven environmental requirements for field 

project operations on the North Slope. 

 

The Group reviews the work plans and operational guidelines for the project and monitors 

contractors for compliance with these plans. The Group, and its contractors, once notified of 

a regulatory change, operational change, or other information that may affect the project, are 

responsible for communication of that change to the affected parties. 

 

During FY2020, the Group had no incident of non-compliance with environmental and 

socioeconomic laws and regulations.  

 

Our Community 

 

Our Workforce  

(405-1, 405-2) 

 

Our employment practices are non-discriminatory in nature and are based solely on job- 

related factors. Our employees are remunerated, employed and promoted based on 

performance, as well as the potential and willingness to take on higher responsibilities, without 

reference to any distinction or preference made on the basis of race, national origin, religion, 

sex or marital status. 

 

We remunerate staff fairly based on local practices. We adhere to local wage legislation, 

including minimum wages where applicable. As at 31 December 2020, we have a total of 4 

employees (FY2019, 13 employees). The decrease was a result of ceased operations in the  

exploration and production segment (“MOG business”) resulting from the foreclosure of the 

Group’s leases and assets. In consideration of the male dominated industry which the Group 

is in, the Group has a fairly balanced mix of males and females in its workplace for FY2020.  

 

 

FY2020 

FY2019 

Gender Equality 

Male 

Female 

Male 

Female 

Group 

50% 

50% 

62% 

38% 

 

Giving back to the community  

(GRI 203-1, 413-1, 413-2) 

 

Alpha believes that community engagement is an integral part of our business sustainability. 

We are committed to being a responsible corporate citizen and we endeavour to give back to 

the community. The jobs we create benefit and stimulate the local economy and support our 

commitment towards being a responsible corporate citizen. 

 

The Group is also committed to making economic contributions to the countries in which it 

operates in through paying its fair share of corporate taxes to the governing bodies of the 

countries. 

 

Indirect Economic Impact  

(GRI 203-1)  

 


13 | P a g e 

 

The Mustang Field is served by infrastructure in the form of a seven kilometres all-weather 

access road and a 70,400 square meter gravel production pad. This road and pad are able to 

facilitate the construction of the processing facility and transportation of logistic supplies and 

operations of the Mustang Field. It also serves and link up corporations operating in the same 

region which shall generate indirect economic benefits for the region.  

With the foreclosure of the Group’s leases and assets, operations of the Mustang Field had 

brought to a minimal maintenance state hence incompetent to generate indirect economic 

impact for FY2020. Following the completion of the Acquisition of new business, Alpha is 

committed to establish a foothold in the learning and education sectors to provide a range of 

services which may span from formal schooling, vocational education training, enterprise 

learning and development, to community-based teaching initiatives. We aim to achieve 

economic growth in long run, broaden our range of services through expanding our business 

operations by acquiring or setting up new business. We seek to enhance productivity and 

efficiency in all range of services that we render through information technology. With 

sustainable economic values generated by our operations in the education-technology 

industry, Alpha also generates more employment opportunities and business opportunities to 

suppliers, which shall generate indirect economic benefits for the region.  

SGX Five Primary Components Index  

 

S/N 

Primary Component   

Section Reference  

1 

Material Topics  

• 

Ethics and Integrity 

• 

Workplace Health and Safety 

• 

The Environment 

• 

Our Community 

• 

Stakeholder Engagement 

2 

Policies,  

Practices and Performance  

• 

Chairman’s Message 

• 

Our Sustainability Story 

• 

Ethics and Integrity 

• 

Workplace Health and Safety 

• 

The Environment 

• 

Our Community 

• 

Stakeholder Engagement 

3 

Board Statement  

• 

Governance and Statement of the Board 

4 

Targets  

• 

Our Sustainability Story 

5 

Framework  

• 

About This Report 

 

 


14 | P a g e 

 

GRI Standards Content Index  

 

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Chairman’s Message 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Annual Report 2020 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Annual Report 2020 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Chairman’s Message 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report 2020 

102-6 

Markets served 

Annual Report 2020 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Annual Report 2020 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Annual Report 2020 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Annual Report 2020 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

Annual Report 2020 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach 

Governance and 

Statement of the Board 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Annual Report 2020 

102-13 

Membership of associations  

Annual Report 2020 

102-14 

Relevance of sustainability to the organisation 

and strategy for addressing sustainability 

Chairman’s Message 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour  

Ethics and Integrity 

102-17 

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics Ethics and Integrity 

102-18 

Governance structure  

Governance and 

Statement of the Board 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups  

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders  

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries  

Material Topics and 

Boundaries 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Annual Report 2020 

203-1 

Infrastructure investments and services 

supported 

Indirect Economic 

Impacts 

205-1 

Operations 

assessed 

for 

risks 

related 

to 

corruption 

Ethics and Integrity 

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-corruption 

policies and procedures 

Ethics and Integrity 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken 

Ethics and Integrity 

304-1 

Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or 

adjacent to, protected areas and areas of high 

biodiversity value outside protected areas 

The Environment 

304-2 

Significant impacts of activities, products, and 

services on biodiversity 

The Environment 

304-3 

Habitats protected or restored 

The Environment 


15 | P a g e 

 

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

304-4 

IUCN Red List species and national conservation 

list species with habitats in areas affected by 

operations 

The Environment 

306-1 

Significant spills 

The Environment 

307-1 

Non-Compliance with Environmental regulations 

and laws 

The Environment 

403-1 

Occupational Health and Safety 

Workplace Health and 

Safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days and absenteeism, and number 

of work-related fatalities 

Workplace Health and 

Safety 

403-3 

Workers with high incidence or high risk of 

diseases related to their occupation 

Workplace Health and 

Safety 

405-1  

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

Our Community 

405-2 

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women 

to men 

Our Community 

413-1  

Operations with local community engagement, 

impact assessments and development programs  Our Community 

413-2 

Operation with significant actual and potential 

negative impacts on local communities 

Our Community 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic areas 

Our Community 

 

 

