
 

Alpha Energy Holdings Limited 

Sustainability Report  

2019 

 

 

 

 


2 | P a g e 

 

Contents  

About This Report ...................................................................................................... 4 

Governance and Statement of the Board ................................................................... 4 

Our Sustainability Story .............................................................................................. 5 

Stakeholder Engagement ........................................................................................... 6 

Material Topics and Boundaries ................................................................................. 7 

Ethics and Integrity ..................................................................................................... 7 

Our Community ........................................................................................................ 11 

SGX Five Primary Components Index...................................................................... 11 

GRI Standards Content Index .................................................................................. 12 

 

 

 


3 | P a g e 

 

Chairman’s Message 

Dear Stakeholders, 

 

On behalf of the Board of Directors, we are pleased to present to you the Sustainability Report 

for Alpha Energy Holdings Limited (the “Group” or “Alpha”) in respect of the financial year 

ended 31 December 2019 (“FY2019”). 

 

While drilling operations were minimal during the year, the Group has nonetheless continued 

to approach sustainability with an outlook that encompasses comprehensive planning, 

frameworks and risk mitigation for all future operations. We put respect for people, their safety, 

communities and the environment at the heart of this approach. 

 

The three key areas in which we place emphasis on – Workplace Health and Safety, The 

Environment and Our Community – remained our top priorities in FY2019 and will continue to 

form the basis of sustainability efforts going forward. 

 

At Alpha, we work hard to ensure that employees and contractors are able to operate in an 

environment that allows their loved ones to feel assured of their safe return. Our safety 

protocols are communicated widely and we encourage our employees to be vigilant when it 

comes to potential safety risks at all times. 

 

Our primary area of operations in FY2019 – the North Slope oil productive region of Alaska, 

has a range of biodiversity that we strive to protect. Steps have been taken to minimize any 

impact we may have on the area which is home to wildlife such as Polar Bears and Eiders. 

 

The Group is also a strong advocate of giving back to our Community. As and when our 

operations continue to scale and develop from strength to strength, we hope to be able to 

create more job opportunities and employment in the region.  

 

In order to preserve shareholders’ value, the Group has been looking into the possibility of 

diversifying its business to generate additional revenue streams and has identified an 

opportunity in the business of providing learning and education services. The proposed 

diversification of business to include the provision of learning and education services 

(“Business Diversification”) is subject to shareholders approval at the extraordinary general 

meeting (“EGM”) scheduled on 9 October 2020. The Group will relook into the Environmental, 

Social and Governance (“ESG”) factors if the company has obtained shareholders’ approval 

at EGM for the Company’s proposed Business Diversification. 

 

At Alpha, we believe sustainability is essential to the way we conduct business. Our 

Sustainability Report is an account of our progress in this area as we continue to develop and 

prepare ourselves for the future. 

 

Sincerely, 

Mr Ravinder Singh Grewal S/O Sarbjit Singh 

Chairman 

 


4 | P a g e 

 

About This Report 

 

Alpha Energy Holdings Limited presents our annual Sustainability Report (the “Report”) which 

covers our sustainability performance from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019 (the 

“reporting period”). 

 

The Report provides information about Alpha’s key sustainability topics, management policies 

and sustainability performance across all operations. The Group has chosen the Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards which represent the global best practices for reporting 

on economic, environmental and social topics. 

 

The Report is prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards’ “Core” option and incorporates 

the primary components of report content as set out by the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited’s (“SGX-ST”) “Comply or Explain” requirements on sustainability reporting 

under Rule 711B of the SGX-ST Listing Manual Section B:Rules of Catalist . 

 

The Group’s material topics are identified based on its impacts on our internal and external 

stakeholders, as outlined in the Stakeholders Engagement section. Detailed section reference 

with GRI Standards is found at the GRI Standards Content Index section of this report. The 

Group’s Sustainability Task Force has assessed that external assurance is not required. 

 

Governance and Statement of the Board  

 

Our sustainability strategy is developed and directed by the senior management in 

consultation with the Board of Directors. The Group’s Sustainability Taskforce (“the 

Taskforce”), which includes senior management executives, is tasked to develop the 

sustainability strategy, review our material impacts, consider stakeholder priorities and set 

goals and targets, as well as monitoring the sustainability performance. 

 

The Board oversees the process of engaging stakeholders and identifying material topics by 

reviewing reports and information provided by the Taskforce. The Board has considered 

sustainability issues as part of our strategic formulation, and approved the material 

environmental, social and economic topics identified and overseen that the factors identified 

are managed and monitored. 

 

The Taskforce has reviewed the option for external assurance of its sustainability report and 

assessed that external assurance is not required for this year as the Group wishes to 

progressively strengthen the sustainability reporting framework. 

 

The Group adopts a precautionary approach in strategic decision and day-to-day operation by 

implementing a comprehensive risk management framework. 

 

Please refer to the Corporate Governance section of Annual Report for FY2019 (“Annual 

Report 2019”) for more information on corporate governance practices and risk management 

structure. 

 


5 | P a g e 

 

Our Sustainability Story  

 

Sustainability Philosophy 

 

During the course of the financial year ended 31 December 2019, while Alpha’s drilling 

operations in the Mustang oil field has yet to reach a substantial stage, the Group has been 

preparing for the future with an outlook that stresses on the importance of sustainability. The 

Group strove to run our operations in an economically, socially and environmentally 

responsible way to ensure the sustainability of the business while meeting the responsibilities 

we hold to our stakeholders. 

 

The Group’s sustainability mission has been to operate a safe, environmentally responsible 

North Slope oil exploration and development project. Utilizing experienced land, exploration 

and operations employees, the Group intended to grow from a start-up oil exploration 

company to a significant business enterprise. However, the Group’s operations ceased on 28 

November 2019 as a result of a default notice received by the Group on 14 November 2019 

from its lender notifying the Group that the lender had elected to accelerate the Group’s 

indebtedness owing to it and on 22 May 2020 the lender had elected to sell all of the Group’s 

oil and gas leases in a public auction (“Public Auction”) to satisfy the Group’s indebtedness 

under the loan agreement with the lender. Following that, the downturn in the oil market during 

the first quarter of 2020 and the COVID-19 pandemic further drove down the global oil demand 

and the Group had brought the Mustang oil field to a minimal maintenance state with reduced 

operational risk exposure to the environment and its employees. 

 

The Group had on 5 September 2020 received a notice notifying the Group on the Public 

Auction that was held on 23 September 2020. Following the Public Auction, the Mustang Road, 

Mustang Pad and all the Group’s leases except for the leases relating to the Badami oil field 

was awarded to the highest bidder, Mustang Holding LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the 

Lender. Badami oil field’s auction has been delayed to 20 January 2021.  

 

Alpha’s sustainability vision is to cause no harm to people and no damage to the environment, 

while achieving full compliance with applicable regulations and standards. 

 

We believe that workplace health and safety should be the cornerstone of every company in 

our industry. As such, the safety and well-being of our employees is a top priority and we strive 

to create a safe working environment by implementing preventive measures and complying 

with industrial health and safety standards to minimise the risk of staff being exposed to any 

hazards. 

 

Sustainability Targets and Performance 

 

Notwithstanding that the Group’s operation has been suspended, below is a summary of the 

Group’s sustainability targets and performance during the reporting period as well as for the 

FY2020, up to point of the transfer of ownership of the auctioned assets.  

Alpha’s quantifiable targets include Spill Volume, Spill Incidents and Incident / Accident rates. 

Due to our minimal drilling operations, there have been no spills or incidents reported for 

FY2019. Our target for FY2020, if the ESG factors should still remain relevant, is to keep all 


6 | P a g e 

 

three statistics at zero. Please see below for a summary of our action plan to attain these 

targets: 

Material topics 

Action plan 

Spill Volume 

The Group endeavours to continue adherence to the Oil Discharge 

Prevention and Contingency Plan and maintain a zero significant 

spillage rate for FY2019.  

Spill Incidents 

Incident / 

Accident Rates 

The Group intends to maintain its zero safety incident rate for FY2020 

through strict adherence to the Safety, Health, and Environmental 

Management System (“SHEMS”).  

 

The Group intends to report performance statistics and targets for material topics relating to 

water, energy, and emissions only if the drilling operations resumes.  

 

Stakeholder Engagement  

 

Alpha values the opinion of its stakeholders. The Group understands sustainable growth is 

dependent on understanding the concerns of our key stakeholders which currently include 

suppliers, vendors, employees, shareholders and regulators. 

 

The Group engages with all our stakeholders through a variety of channels and takes into 

account the concerns of the abovementioned stakeholders when we plan for the future. 

Material topics and focus areas are identified based on the feedback we receive from our 

stakeholders. 

 

The following table summarises our key stakeholders, engagement platforms and their key 

concerns.  

 

Stakeholders 

Engagement 

Platforms 

Issues of Concerns 

Section 

Reference 

Employees 

• Performance Appraisal 

System 

• Employee Trainings 

• Remuneration and benefits 

• Diversity 

• Health and Safety 

• Workplace 

Health and 

Safety 

• Our Community 

Community 

• Community 

engagement 

• Employment 

opportunities  

• Environmental Impact 

• Social Development 

• The 

Environment 

• Our Community  

Government 

and Regulators 

• Annual Reports 

• SGX Half Yearly 

announcements 

• Sustainability Reports 

• Environmental non-

compliance 

• Incident Rates  

• The 

Environment 


7 | P a g e 

 

• Workplace 

Health and 

Safety 

Shareholders 

and Investors 

• Annual Reports  

• Investor Relations 

Management  

• Annual General 

Meeting 

• Sustainability Reports 

• Whistle-blowing policy  

• Anti-corruption  

• Ethics and 

Integrity 

 

Material Topics and Boundaries 

 

The Group’s material topics are determined based on the principle of materiality to our internal 

and external stakeholders, as outlined in the Stakeholders Engagement section. 

 

Key Sustainability Topics 

Boundaries (country or entity) 

ECONOMIC 

GRI 201: Economic Performance 

The Group 

GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts 

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 

ENVIRONMENTAL  

GRI 304: Biodiversity 

The Group 

 

GRI 306: Effluents and Waste 

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 

SOCIAL  

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 

The Group 

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

GRI 413: Local Communities 

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Ethics and Integrity  

 


8 | P a g e 

 

Alpha works diligently to ensure our employees adhere to the highest standards of ethics and 

integrity and comply with applicable regulations and professional codes of conduct.   

 

Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy 

(GRI 205-1, 205-2, 205-3) 

 

The Group has implemented an anti-bribery and corruption policy whereby it is set out that 

there is zero tolerance approach to unethical behaviour. Alpha is committed to comply with all 

anti-bribery and corruption laws where we do business at all times. All new staff are briefed 

on an established code of conduct during their orientation on the first day of employment. 

 

To ensure our staff conduct themselves in a professional manner in dealing with clients and 

vendors, Alpha requires staff to declare receipt of gifts from third parties. To avoid putting staff 

in compromising situations, in particular those holding senior positions and those having to 

deal with vendors, staff are to declare any conflict of interest, whether potential or real, on an 

immediate basis. The Group does not condone any bribery and corruption actions by any third 

parties and/or government entities. 

 

The Group has provided accessible channels for employees, shareholders, clients, 

consultants and suppliers to raise concerns on possible improprieties in financial reporting, 

fraudulent acts and other irregularities. This communication channels will ensure independent 

investigations and timely implementation of appropriate preventive and corrective actions. For 

FY2019, there were no instances of confirmed incidents of corruption or any whistleblowing 

incidents. 

 

Workplace Health and Safety 

 

The Group endeavours to operate sustainably with reduced carbon footprint and water 

consumption, as well as proper waste management.  

 

Vision towards an Accident-free Work Culture  

GRI 403-1, 403-2, 403-3 

 

The Group understands that its operations often pose great risks and dangers to our 

employees. To protect the health and safety of our employees, we have implemented stringent 

policies and operational procedures to govern all activities when operations commence. Strict 

compliance to these policies are enforced by the Group to protect our employees. 

 

The Group is committed to the implementation of an integrated Safety, Health, and 

Environmental Management System (“SHEMS”) for Group project operations.  

 

The Health and Safety aspect of the SHEMS has the following objectives and targets for its 

project operations: 

• 

Develops contractors work plans and ensures training, awareness and competence so 

that there are zero injuries or compliance actions;  

• 

Achieves Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) compliance in 

accordance to the standards set by the United States Department of Labor;  

• 

Meets the philosophy and beliefs of the Group; 


9 | P a g e 

 

• 

Supports the achievement of the Group’s objectives by providing leadership and 

guidance in matters involving Health and Safety; and 

• 

Verifies that Health and Safety performance objectives are met. 

 

We monitor all incidents / accidents for timely address and institute mitigating and preventive 

controls to protect the safety of our employees. We have maintained a zero incident / accident 

rate in FY2019 and hope to continue to do so going forward.  

 

The Environment  

 

Alpha strives to be a socially responsible partner by adopting safe, efficient and 

environmentally-friendly processes. We consider the environmental impact arising from our 

various operations. 

 

The SHEMS’s objective and targets for the environment are as follows:  

 

• 

Fulfils permit requirements to ensure zero compliance actions; 

• 

Implements environmental controls and strategies to ensure zero spills or compliance 

actions; 

• 

Achieves compliance with permits, governmental requirements and the North Slope 

Oil Producers (NSOP) rules; 

• 

Meets the philosophy and beliefs of the Group; 

• 

Supports the achievement of the Group’s objectives by providing leadership and 

guidance in matters involving the Environment; and 

• 

Verifies that Environmental performance objectives are met. 

 

Biodiversity  

GRI 304-1, 304-2, 304-3, 304-4 

 

Alpha understands that the Mustang Project is based in an area where biodiversity is of 

particular concern to regulators and other stakeholders. The key species in question are the 

Stellar’s Eider, Spectacled Eider and Polar Bear.  

 

A Biological Opinion sought from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS)1 in consultation 

with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Anchorage, Alaska concluded that the Mustang Project 

is “not likely to adversely affect Steller’s eiders” and “is not likely to jeopardize the continued 

existence of spectacled eiders or polar bears”.  

 

Conservation measures that the Group has implemented during the development of the 

Mustang Project for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 includes: 

 

 

1 Biological Opinion for Mustang Development Project, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service -  

https://www.fws.gov/r7/fisheries/endangered/pdf/Mustang%20Development%20Final%20BO.pdf 

 


10 | P a g e 

 

• 

Power lines placed on pipeline Vertical Support Members to reduce the risk of bird 

collisions and reduce perching sites for predatory birds. No overhead power lines were 

used; 

• 

Dust-control measures applied to roads and pads to protect vegetation and terrestrial 

and aquatic habitats;  

• 

Careful design considerations given to facility lighting (shielded lighting to reduce 

outward-radiating light) to reduce the potential for bird strikes; 

• 

A Polar Bear Interaction Plan updated annually in accordance with regulations for the 

issuance of Letters of Authorization (LOAs) for incidental take under Section 

101(a)(5)(A) of the Marine Mammal Protection Act (MMPA). The plan provides 

procedures to protect both polar bears and humans. The plan incorporates the 

following provisions:  

o Education of all personnel working in polar bear habitat;  

o Procedures for ice road/off-site operations including den detection and 

avoidance;  

o Procedures for identifying, limiting, and isolating or removing bear attractants; 

o Procedures for early detection of bears, and an effective communication 

system to warn workers and direct appropriate responses; 

o Procedures for responding safely to bear encounters; and  

o Procedures for reporting polar bear sightings and interactions to USFWS 

Marine Mammals Management. 

 

Oil Spill Control  

GRI 306-3 

 

An Oil Discharge Prevention and Contingency Plan has been implemented since 2015 and 

made available to all staff in order to outline site specific oil discharge response procedures. 

Additionally, employees are required by the SHEMS to report the details of spills of any size 

as well as to conduct daily inspections to promote spill prevention. 

 

There were no incidents of significant spills in FY2019 while there has been 2 non-reportable 

minor spillage that were rectified with no impact to the operations. 

 

Environmental and Social Compliance 

(GRI 307-1, 419-1) 

 

The Group operates in compliance with the applicable legal, federal, state and local 

government rules and regulations, and policy driven environmental requirements for field 

project operations on the North Slope. 

 

The Group reviews the work plans and operational guidelines for the project and monitors 

contractors for compliance with these plans. The Group, and its contractors, once notified of 

a regulatory change, operational change, or other information that may affect the project, are 

responsible for communication of that change to the affected parties. 

 

During FY2019, the Group had no incident of non-compliance with environmental and 

socioeconomic laws and regulations. 

 


11 | P a g e 

 

Our Community 

 

Our Workforce  

(405-1, 405-2) 

 

Our employment practices are non-discriminatory in nature and are based solely on job- 

related factors. Our employees are remunerated, employed and promoted based on 

performance, as well as the potential and willingness to take on higher responsibilities, without 

reference to any distinction or preference made on the basis of race, national origin, religion, 

sex or marital status. 

 

We remunerate staff fairly based on local practices. We adhere to local wage legislation, 

including minimum wages where applicable. As at 31 December 2019, we have a total of 13 

employees (FY2018, 10 employees). In consideration of the male dominated industry which 

the Group is in due to its labour intensive nature, the Group has a fairly balanced mix of males 

and females in its workplace.  

 

 

FY2019 

FY2018 

Gender Equality 

Male 

Female 

Male 

Female 

Group 

62% 

38% 

80% 

20% 

 

Giving back to the community  

(GRI 203-1, 413-1, 413-2) 

 

Alpha believes that community engagement is an integral part of our business sustainability. 

We are committed to being a responsible corporate citizen and we endeavour to give back to 

the community. The jobs we create benefit stimulate the local economy and support our 

commitment towards being a responsible corporate citizen. 

 

The Group is also committed to making economic contributions to the countries in which it 

operates in through paying its fair share of corporate taxes to the governing bodies of the 

countries. 

 

Indirect Economic Impact  

(GRI 203-1)  

 

The Mustang Field is served by infrastructure in the form of a seven kilometres all-weather 

access road and a 70,400 square meter gravel production pad. This road and pad are able to 

facilitate the construction of the processing facility and transportation of logistic supplies and 

operations of the Mustang Field. It also serves and link up corporations operating in the same 

region which shall generate indirect economic benefits for the region.  

 

 

SGX Five Primary Components Index  

 


12 | P a g e 

 

S/N 

Primary Component   

Section Reference  

1 

Material Topics  

• 

Ethics and Integrity 

• 

Workplace Health and Safety 

• 

The Environment 

• 

Our Community 

• 

Stakeholder Engagement 

2 

Policies,  

Practices and Performance  

• 

Chairman’s Message 

• 

Our Sustainability Story 

• 

Ethics and Integrity 

• 

Workplace Health and Safety 

• 

The Environment 

• 

Our Community 

• 

Stakeholder Engagement 

3 

Board Statement  

• 

Governance and Statement of the Board 

4 

Targets  

• 

Our Sustainability Story 

5 

Framework  

• 

About This Report 

GRI Standards Content Index  

 

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Chairman’s Message 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Annual Report 2019 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Annual Report 2019 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Chairman’s Message 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report 2019 

102-6 

Markets served 

Annual Report 2019 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Annual Report 2019 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Annual Report 2019 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Annual Report 2019 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

Annual Report 2019 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach 

Governance and 

Statement of the Board 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Annual Report 2019 

102-13 

Membership of associations  

Annual Report 2019 

102-14 

Relevance of sustainability to the organisation 

and strategy for addressing sustainability 

Chairman’s Message 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour  

Ethics and Integrity 

102-17 

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics Ethics and Integrity 

102-18 

Governance structure  

Governance and 

Statement of the Board 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups  

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders  

Stakeholder 

Engagement 


13 | P a g e 

 

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries  

Material Topics and 

Boundaries 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Annual Report 2019 

203-1 

Infrastructure investments and services 

supported 

Indirect Economic 

Impacts 

205-1 

Operations 

assessed 

for 

risks 

related 

to 

corruption 

Ethics and Integrity 

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-corruption 

policies and procedures 

Ethics and Integrity 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken 

Ethics and Integrity 

304-1 

Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or 

adjacent to, protected areas and areas of high 

biodiversity value outside protected areas 

The Environment 

304-2 

Significant impacts of activities, products, and 

services on biodiversity 

The Environment 

304-3 

Habitats protected or restored 

The Environment 

304-4 

IUCN Red List species and national conservation 

list species with habitats in areas affected by 

operations 

The Environment 

306-1 

Significant spills 

The Environment 

307-1 

Non-Compliance with Environmental regulations 

and laws 

The Environment 

403-1 

Occupational Health and Safety 

Workplace Health and 

Safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days and absenteeism, and number 

of work-related fatalities 

Workplace Health and 

Safety 

403-3 

Workers with high incidence or high risk of 

diseases related to their occupation 

Workplace Health and 

Safety 

405-1  

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

Our Community 

405-2 

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women 

to men 

Our Community 

413-1  

Operations with local community engagement, 

impact assessments and development programs  

Our Community 

413-2 

Operation with significant actual and potential 

negative impacts on local communities 

Our Community 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic areas 

Our Community 

 

 

