
1 | P a g e 

 

AMPLEFIELD LIMITED 

Sustainability Report 

FY2021 

 

Contents 

Message from the Board 

Sustainability Story 

Organisation Profile 

Sustainability Governance and Statement of the Board 

Reporting Practice 

Stakeholder Engagement 

Indirect Economic Impact: Contribution to Industry 

Ethics and Integrity 

Health and Safety 

Environment protection 

Our People 

SGX Five Primary Components Index 

GRI Standards Content Index and GRI Indicators 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


2 | P a g e 

 

MESSAGE FROM THE BOARD 

Dear Stakeholders, 

The Board is pleased to present AMPLEFIELD LTD and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) FY2021 Sustainability 

Report (the “Report”) for the financial year ended 30 September 2021.  The Board, headed by the 

Chairman, oversees the direction of sustainability efforts of the Group and the management of 

sustainability issues. 

The Report highlights our sustainability actions and progress over the year in four key areas (i) Health and 

Safety, (ii) Environment, (iii) our People, and (iv) Contribution to Industry and Community, which in our 

assessment, are the most significant to our stakeholders. 

The Report is prepared in accordance with guidelines and standards issued by the Global Sustainability 

Standards Board (“GSSB”), as set out in their Global Reporting Initiative Standards “Core” option (“GRI 

Standards”) and the requirements of Rule 711B of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the 

“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist Rules”) in preparing the Company’s 

inaugural sustainability report. We have employed the principles of stakeholder inclusiveness, 

sustainability context, materiality and completeness in order to deliver a comprehensive report to the 

public. We have applied the GRI principles of accuracy, balance, clarity, comparability, reliability and 

timeliness. No external assurance was sought for this report. 

We hope that the adoption of GRI Standards will make our reporting more systematic and comprehensive, 

and increases the relevance to stakeholders and affirms our commitment to sustainability issues. 

As part of our environmental conservation effort, we would not be distributing physical copies of our 

Report. This Report will be accessible through our Company’s website: https://www.amplefield.com as 

well as on Singapore Exchange Network (“SGXNET”). Please address all feedback via email to 

investor_relations@amplefield.com or by mail to our registered office at 101A, Upper Cross Street, #11-

16 People’s Park Centre, Singapore 058358 

 

Sincerely, 

For and on behalf of the Board 

 

 

Mr Albert Saychuan Cheok 

Chairman 

6th January 2022 

 

 


3 | P a g e 

 

 

Our Sustainability Story 

It is important for us to embrace and adopt the goal of sustainable development as an integral part of our 

operations that will create positive impacts to the society and community. 

Leading the Way 

The Executive Directors and key management team members are directly involved in the identification, 

planning and execution of our key sustainability components. A sustainability task force has been formed 

to drive our sustainability initiatives. This task force comprises of personnel from across the spectrum of 

our stakeholders. The task force is overseen by an Executive Director, who reports to the Board.  

Sustainability Targets 

We will continue to emphasize on creating a safe working environment for our employees and 

stakeholders and endeavor for zero-incident rates. We hope to maintain our minimum record of work-

related injuries for Financial Year 2022. We have a trained and accredited Safety Officer in the Philippines 

to ensure that all safety procedures are implemented and to assist in conducting earthquake and fire drills 

for the staff at our properties there. Our Safety Officer is also responsible for our COVID-19 mitigation 

measures, which includes compulsory wearing of masks, daily temperature checks, sanitizing of premises 

and compliance with all health authorities regulations.  Open communications were maintained with 

tenants and relevant information are quickly disseminated to all stakeholders. Our tenants had previously 

complied with the requirements to conduct earthquake and fire drills on their premises in FY2019, 

however in FY2020 and FY2021, as safety measures against COVID-19, all earthquake and fire drills as well 

as face to face lectures and seminars have been suspended by the Bureau of Fire Protection (“BFP”) until 

community quarantine has been lifted. We will ensure that such drills will continued to be carried out on 

a periodic basis. 

In FY2021, our trained and accredited Pollution Control Officer continued to ensure that all forms of 

pollutants are minimized and environmental standards are met at all times.  Meanwhile, we have 

promoted and will continue to promote usage of energy saving LED lighting devices across our facilities as 

far as practicable. 

The Group will maintain and uphold the good practices that is relevant to the industry we operate in and 

will continually monitor the environmental impacts of our operations as well as ensuring the safety of our 

employees through a good working environment. 

 

Organisation Profile (GRI 102-1, 102-2, 102-3, 102-4, 102-5, 102-6, 102-7, 102-8) 

Company Name:                   Amplefield Limited (“Amplefield”) 

Founded:                                1989 

Listed:                                     Transferred to SGX Catalist on 9 December 2016 

Company Headquarters:     Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 


4 | P a g e 

 

Location of Operations:      Kuala Lumpur and Johor Bahru in Malaysia,  

                                                 Lipa &amp; Malvar, Batangas, in the Philippines and  

                                                 Hoh Chi Minh City in Vietnam 

Ownership &amp; Legal Form:    The Company is a public listed company incorporated under the  

                                                 Companies Act, Cap 50. The controlling shareholders of the  

                                                 Company who have direct or deemed interests in the Company are Dato Sri  

                                                 Yap Teiong Choon and Datin Sri Phan Foo Beam 

Number of employees:      26 

Economic Performance (GRI 201-1) 

FY2020 Financial review 

Economic value generated/Revenue:               S$3,121,000 

Economic value distributed: 

Employee benefits expense                                S$768,000 

Finance costs                                                         S$16,000 

Income tax expense                                             S$82,000 

Net profit after tax                                               S$438,000 

Economic value retained:                                   S$400,000 

Earnings per share:                                              0.04 cents 

Dividend payout:                                                 Nil 

Total Equity:                                                         S$66,980,000 

 

Revenue By Segment: 

Facility Provider                                                  S$2,353,000          75% 

Property development, construction  

and construction management                        S$768,000             25% 

Our economic performance is important to our stakeholders, in particular our investors. Other 

stakeholders such as employees will also benefit from such performance. Therefore, economic 

performance has been ranked as one of the material topics for stakeholders. 


5 | P a g e 

 

While we strive to maximize stakeholders’ value, we ensure there will be adequate due diligence 

processes and adopt a disciplined selection approach. 

Operating Segments 

The Group operates in three major segments (i) property development (ii) engineering procurement and 

construction management services, and (iii) facilities provider and investment.  

Presently, the Group operates and maintains a small and medium enterprise (“SME”) Park in Batangas, 

Philippines whereby it provides facilities to export manufacturers in a free trade zone and has construction 

related activities in Ho Chi Minh City. The Group also has a residential property development project in 

Johor Bahru, Malaysia 

Subsequent Reporting For FY2022 

We hope to maintain and ensure our financial stability and continue to generate positive returns to our 

stakeholders.  

 

Sustainability Governance and Statement of the Board 

The Board of Directors drives the sustainability agenda and considered sustainability issues as part of its 

strategic formulation. The Risk Management Committee (“RMC”) reviews and recommends sustainability 

strategies, policies and other significant matters. It determines and identifies the material environment, 

social and governance factors and oversees the management and monitoring of these material factors. 

The RMC, which is led by one of the Executive Directors and consisting of members from the key 

management of the Group, will execute, implement and formalize the sustainability policies and 

procedures. The Task Force gives regular updates to the Board to enable them to monitor progress and 

development. The Group also has in place a comprehensive risk management framework. 

Reporting Practice 

This Sustainability Report (the “Report”) covers the Group’s activities from 1 October 2020 to 30 

September 2021 (the “Reporting Period”). This report will be produced annually. 

The Report summarizes Amplefield’s key sustainability issues, our management approach as well as 

related performance across the Group’s operations. We have chosen the Global Reporting Initiative 

Standards (“GRI Standards”) as it is the most established international sustainability reporting standards 

and caters for a wide range of industries and activities, including the Group’s operations. This Report is 

prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards “Core” option. The Report incorporates the primary 

components of report content set out by the SGX’s “Comply or Explain” requirements on sustainability 

reporting under Catalist Rule 711B. 

Amplefield’s material topics are identified based on the impacts to our stakeholders, as outlined in the 

Stakeholders Engagement section. A detailed section reference with GRI Standards is found on the GRI 

Index Page. This Report supplements the Group’s FY2021 Annual Report. They are both available online 

at https://amplefield.com. We are committed to listening to our stakeholders and we look forward to 

their feedback. Please send any feedback to: enquiry@amplefield.com. The Task Force has assessed the 


6 | P a g e 

 

merits of undertaking independent external assurance on selected important aspects of its report and has 

come to the conclusion that it is not necessary at this moment. The Group wishes to familiarize with the 

current sustainability reporting framework and reporting so as to maximize the benefits from an external 

assurance later on. 

The Group has applied the GRI Principles for Defining Report Content to identify material topics that are 

relevant to the business and to its stakeholders. We have conducted a materiality assessment session 

based on the GRI Standards guidelines. The following table summarizes the topics which were deemed to 

be of greatest significance to the Group.  

Material Topics 

Economic Performance (GRI 201-1) 

Indirect Economic Impacts (GRI 203-2) 

Anti-corruption  (GRI 205-1, 205-3) 

Environmental Compliance (GRI 307-1) 

Supplier Environment Assessment (GRI 308-1) 

Employment (GRI 401-1, 401-3) 

Occupational Health and Safety  (GRI 403-1, 403-2) 

Training and Education (GRI 404-3) 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity (GRI 405-1) 

Non-discrimination (GRI 406-1) 

Supplier Social Assessment (GRI 414-1) 

Socioeconomic Compliance (GRI 419-1) 

 

Stakeholder Engagement (GRI 102-40, 102-42, 102-43, 102-44) 

Various stakeholders such as employees, suppliers and contractors, governments and regulators, 

community as well as shareholders and investors, may have a material impact on our business or may be 

materially affected by our business. 

The Group identifies its key external and internal groups which have a substantial impact on our 

organization and vice versa through a rigorous exercise. The management continuously reviews the 

stakeholder identification and prioritization process, in keeping with our business and operational needs. 

The Group values and pays attention to our relationship as well as impact with these stakeholders. Various 

means and channels of engagement such as day-to-day interaction with each group of stakeholders are 

adopted to understand and address issues of concern.  

 

 

 

 

 


7 | P a g e 

 

The following table illustrates the engagement activities and expectations with key concerns of the 

respective stakeholder groups. 

Stakeholders 

Area of Concern 

Means of Engagement 

Section Reference 

Employees 

• Remuneration 

and 

benefits 

• Training 

and 

development 

• Ethics and conduct 

• Diversity 

and 

fair 

employment 

• Health and safety 

 

• Performance 

appraisal 

• Training 

and 

education 

• Whistle 

blowing 

mechanism 

• Ethics and Integrity 

• Health and Safety 

• Our People 

 

Suppliers 

and 

Contractors 

• Health and safety 

• Environmental 

compliance 

• Social compliance 

 

• Site inspections and 

site meetings 

• Supplier 

and 

contractors 

evaluation 

• Whistle 

blowing 

mechanism 

• Environment 

Protection 

• Health and Safety 

• Ethics and Integrity 

 

Governments and 

regulators 

• Anti-corruption 

• Employment 

practices 

• Health and safety 

• Licensing 

• Site inspection 

 

• Environment 

Protection 

• Health and Safety 

 

Community 

• Environmental 

and 

social compliance 

• Regulatory 

and 

industrial 

requirements 

• SGX announcements 

• Annual reports 

• Sustainability reports 

• Whistle 

blowing 

mechanism 

• Our People 

• Environment 

Protection 

• Contribution to Our 

Industry and Caring 

of Our Community 

• Ethics and integrity 

Shareholders and 

investors 

• Economic 

performance 

• Anti-corruption 

• SGX announcements 

• Annual reports 

• Investor 

relations 

management 

• Sustainability reports 

• Whistle 

blowing 

mechanism 

 

• Ethics and Integrity 

• Contribution to Our 

Industry and Caring 

of Our Community 

 

 

Information and data are collected from both internal sources and external stakeholder engagement, 

from which materials issues are identified. These were compared against materials issues that are ranked 

by business owners, senior management and the Board. A final list of the material issues was then drawn 

by prioritizing issues that are important to both the Group and its stakeholders.  


8 | P a g e 

 

The following matrix summarizes the top 4 material topics that have been identified through stakeholder 

engagement and our own business goals and their influence on stakeholders’ assessments and decisions 

as well as significance of economic, environmental, social and governance impact. 

Material Factors Matrix 

 

 

 

 

 

LIKEIHOOD 

High 

 

 

 

 

 

 Economic 

Performance, 

Employment 

 

 

 

 

Medium 

 

 Anti-corruption 

 

 

 Environmental Compliance 

 

Low 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Low 

Medium 

High 

 

 

 IMPACT 

Based on the matrix, the top 4 material topics chosen to be reported are as follows: 

• 

Economic Performance 

• 

Anti-corruption and Anti-bribery 

• 

Environmental Compliance  

• 

Employment 

Indirect Economic Impact (GRI 203-2) 

Contribution to Industry Practice 

We have successfully pioneered, developed, managed and operated the concept of a SME Park in the 

Philippines. This concept involves an aggregation of small and medium sized manufacturers together with 

warehousing facilities to cater to and support the big MNCs within the free trade zone itself. Together as 

a whole, we have created better linkage in the supply chain in the export manufacturing sector in the 

Philippines. 

Ethics and Integrity 

Ethics and Compliance (GRI 205-1, 205-3) 

The Group is committed to a high ethical standard across our range of operations and business activities. 

We have adopted a Personnel Policy which placed emphasis on professionalism and ethics. The Company 

has established policies on matters such as Conflict of Interest and Whistle-blowing in order to maintain 

a high standard of corporate governance. All personnel and staff are required to read, understand and 

comply with our stated Personnel Policy. Governance body members, staff and workers are required to 

attend the requisite and appropriate training to equip them for their work and responsibilities. 


9 | P a g e 

 

Disciplinary actions will be meted out on personnel who violate the code of conduct stipulated in the 

Personnel Policy. There were no violations in FY2021. 

We have implemented our website at URL https://amplefield.com where complainants or whistle-blowers 

may contact us if they have any grounds to lodge a complaint. 

Conflict of Interest Policy 

The conflict of interest policy is part of our Personnel Policy. Staff are required to make declarations on 

their interest with any of the stakeholders of the Group.  

Whistle-blowing Policy 

The Audit Committee has developed and approved whistleblowing procedures outlining for the Group. 

Employees of the Group and any other persons may, in confidence, raise concerns about possible 

improper financial reporting or other matters to the Chairman of the Audit Committee. The appropriate 

follow up and independent investigations of such matters will then be carried out.  

The Company and Group did not receive any whistle-blowing reports in FY2021. Neither is there any 

pending or current investigation on any whistle-blowing report as at the end of FY2021. The Company has 

uploaded its website onto the internet on 27 September 2019, whereby potential whistleblowers are 

provided with an additional channel of communication with the Company via email at 

whistleblower@amplefield.com. 

Anti-corruption 

The Group takes a strong stance on corruption and malpractice and does not tolerate any impropriety or 

wrongdoing by employees in the course of their work. The Group prohibits any acts by employees to use 

their position to obtain benefits for themselves. During the reporting period, we do not have any 

confirmed incidents of corruption nor any employees dismissed or disciplined for corruption. 

Interested Party/Person Transactions 

The Company is required to comply with the relevant rules under Chapter 9 of the Catalist Rules for 

interested person transactions. All interested person transactions will be properly documented and 

submitted to the Audit Committee for review to ensure that they are carried out on an arm’s length basis, 

on normal commercial terms and are not prejudicial to the interests of the shareholders.  

Dealing in Securities 

In line with Rule 1204 (19) of the SGX Catalist Rules on Dealings in Securities, the Group notifies its 

Directors, employees and staff to refrain from dealings in the securities of the Company from one month 

before the announcement of the half-year financial statements, and one month before the 

announcement of the Company’s full-year financial statements, ending on the date of the announcement 

of such results. Under the Code of Conduct, the directors, employees and staff are expected to observe 

insider trading laws at all times when dealing with the Company’s securities. In addition, the directors of 

the Company are not to deal in the securities of the Company on short term considerations. 


10 | P a g e 

 

During FY2021 we have assessed our significant operations for risks related to corruption by using criteria 

such as location and activity in our risk assessment for corruption which had helped us to understand 

areas where the risks were perceived to be higher and allow us to employ preventive measures where 

necessary. We have trained our staff to identify what may constitute towards an act of corruption and 

what are the steps they should take in the event they come across such a situation. We did not come 

across any reported case of corruption in FY2021. 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2022 

The Group will continue to be vigilant on its anti-corruption program.  

For FY2022, we hope to maintain our zero record in corruption cases, continue to promote our governing 

policies and cultivate an anti-corruption and anti-bribery environment and awareness for our employees.  

HEALTH AND SAFETY 

Health and Safety at our Sites (GRI 403-1, 403-2, 403-9, 403-10) 

The Group is committed to providing a safe working environment to all our workers, employees and those 

whose occupational health and safety is expected to be our responsibility as a result of our organization 

operations, products or services. This is especially relevant during these days due to the COVID-19 

pandemic. 

We have implemented an occupational health and safety management system based on legal 

requirements and recognized risk management and management system standards/guidelines. Special 

precautions are being taken this year in view of COVID-19. This would include an open channel of 

communications via emails with our tenants and other locators operating in the locality, as well as timely 

reporting and dissemination of information to all parties by the open channel. Other measures we have 

taken include implementation of an Occupational Safety and Health (“OSH”) Program which is in 

compliance with regulatory and local health authorities, such as wearing of face masks and face shields 

provided by the Group, sanitizing of premises and social distancing. 

In certain high risk locations, the Group chartered mini-buses or vans to fetch its staff and workers 

exclusively to and from office and provides face masks to them. 

The legal requirements would include inspection and certification of the premises by the local city fire 

department. Legal requirements are reviewed on a yearly basis and compliance to these requirements 

are evaluated annually. However, this has been held in abeyance at some business units due to local 

authorities ruling safety measures to curb the spread of COVID-19. 

Meanwhile, identifying occupational health and safety hazards and assessing their risks are key 

components in our management system. We strive to eliminate or minimize such hazards and risks 

through various measures. Health and safety hazards are identified for the administration, development 

and operational functions of our businesses and their risks are assessed.  

All workers assume personal responsibility towards health and safety and are encouraged to be 

forthcoming in reporting all health and safety related incidents, including non-compliances and non-

conformities to the relevant management representatives. This list is updated in our intranet. 


11 | P a g e 

 

The Group is targeting to conduct frequent fire drills as well as natural disasters drills for its units operating 

in locations which we have assessed to be prone to such dangers, once the business units have recovered 

from the COVID-19 pandemic and it’s safe to do so. This is also a requirement by the relevant government 

agencies or local authorities . 

Meanwhile, we are also targeting at the ergonomics of the office environment. This includes having and 

maintaining a good working environment, whereby we have set a minimum average office space and 

brightness level to ensure the offices are well lit and not cramped. This is especially important in 

maintaining social distancing in our offices. The current office layout conforms to social distancing 

guidelines and norms from the relevant government agencies or local authorities and we are committed 

to maintaining this going forward. In FY2021, we have conducted servicing of all our air-conditioners to 

promote a healthy environment.  

Training and awareness programs are planned for all staff to facilitate the effective implementation of any 

risk reduction program. In addition, our employees have been briefed on how to respond to health and 

safety incidents at the workplace. During FY2021, we have disseminated materials and articles on health 

and related issues to our employees. 

 

Occupational Health and Safety Targets and Performance 

Targets 

Performance 

Zero incidents resulting in staff permanent 

disability or fatality 

No staff work-related fatality or permanent 

disability 

All main contractors to be ISO 4500:2018 certified 

and/or comply fully with local OHS laws and 

regulations  

A main contractor appointed for construction 

projects undertaken in FY2021 has ISO 4500:2018  

certification for occupational health and safety, 

while another main contractor is yet to obtain any 

ISO certification. We will continue to encourage 

main contractors to get OHS certification, if they 

have not already done so.  

 

Employees and workers whose work or workplace is 

controlled by the Group 

Philippine 

Vietnam 

Malaysia 

Total 

Number of work-related injuries1 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Work-related fatalities/permanent disabilities 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Injury rate (number of work-related injuries per million 

hours worked) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Lost day rate (number of lost man-days per million hours 

worked) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Absentee rate2 (days per staff per year)  

- 

3.5 

1.1 

1.0 

 

1This is based on work-related incidents that resulted in more than three days of medical leave or more 

than 24 hours of hospitalization. 


12 | P a g e 

 

2Absentee rate is based on medical leave taken by staff, regardless of whether it is work-related or not. 

The total figure presented is the Group’s average absentee rate. 

There were no work-related ill health during FY2021. There were also no breach of regulations regarding 

health and safety, environment and labour laws during FY2021. 

In previous years, the Group and its tenants had conducted fire as well as natural disaster drills, such as 

earthquake and drills for its units operating in the Philippines. However, such drills were suspended by 

the authorities in FY2021 due to COVID-19 preventive measures.  

In FY2021, we have continued to ensure that our employees have a minimum average office space as well 

as brightness level. We have preventive maintenance to provide a more conducive working environment 

at all times.  

During FY2021, our OSH Officer at our significant location in the Philippines has made some 

recommendations to improve the maintenance of the materials recovery facilities system for 

management to implement.  

The Risk Management Committee has also assessed and evaluate the Group’s preparedness and 

mitigation measures against COVID-19 risks and are satisfied with the measures taken.  

Subsequent Reporting for FY2022 

Health and safety remain of paramount importance in FY2022 due to the continuing battle against the 

COVID-19 pandemic. We will continue with our assessment and evaluation on COVID-19 risks in FY2022 

and we will carry out the necessary and appropriate measures that we have identified to mitigate it. We 

will also look into resuming the earthquake and fire drills in FY2022 once the Authorities have given their 

clearance for such exercise. 

Meanwhile, as part of our office improvement program, we planned to install a few additional units of air-

cond. at one of our office location to ensure an optimum working environment. We will also provide high 

grade PPE and other protective gear for our OSH personnel  in high risk locations. 

 

OHS Stakeholder Engagement 

Amplefield works closely with its contractors and suppliers who are committed to high quality 

environmental, health and safety standards. Contractors are only appointed for its projects upon meeting 

the Group’s stringent selection criteria, one of which is safety. 

Managing Our Sub-Contractors (GRI 308-1, 414-1) 

All contractors and subcontractors are informed of their worksite health and safety requirements, 

environmental and social responsibilities, and are expected to be able to meet the standards of the Group. 

Contractors and subcontractors are reviewed and selected based on safety, environmental and social 

compliance. New contractors and subcontractors are assessed based on their track record, worksite 

health and safety practices as well as publicly available information. 


13 | P a g e 

 

The Group gives priority to local suppliers in sourcing for materials, supplies and services.  

Main contractors appointed for our development and construction projects have to be ISO 4500: 2018 

certified or comply fully with local OHS laws and regulations. Amplefield also tracked the health and safety 

performance of its main contractors at its worksites. Those who are yet to be certified will be strongly 

encouraged to get the appropriate certification. 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2022 

We hope to maintain our minimum record of work-related injuries for FY2022.  

ENVIRONMENT (GRI 307-1, 419-1) 

We are committed to be an environmentally responsible partner in the communities we operate in to 

ensure a safe, efficient and environmentally conscious operating area. Amplefield’s risk and sustainability-

based strategies are geared to assess, avoid, reduce and mitigate environmental risks and impact.  

We started by assessing the nature of the businesses and operations of prospective facilities users or 

tenants to ensure that in the first place, they will be able to meet our criteria for sustainable and 

environmentally friendly operations. We also continually monitor the operations of existing facilities users 

or tenants to ensure that they are in compliance with the environmental standards and policies set out 

by the relevant government agencies or local authorities in respect of effluence, pollutants, waste 

collection and disposal etc. that are in place. 

Our Pollution Officer continued to liased with our tenants to ensure that all pollutants are minimized and 

environmental standards on discharges are met. We have cooperated fully with site inspection exercises 

carried out by the relevant government agencies or local authorities. We did not detect any breach in 

pollution standards by any of our tenants during FY2021. In FY2021, we have maintained in good working 

condition our Materials Recovery Facilities (“MRF”) system for the systematic administration of the 

activities which provides for segregation at source, segregated transportation, storage transfer, 

processing, treatment and disposal of solid waste and all other waste management activities. 

For FY2021 we have also set aside a maintenance budget of 2% of our revenue to ensure our facilities are 

running at optimum level.  

We have continued facilitating electronic communication via our website with our shareholders, as in 

compliance with the requirements stipulated in the First Schedule of the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) 

Act 2020 passed by Parliament on 7 April 2020 and the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative 

Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and 

Debenture Holders) Order 2020 (“Order”) whereby until further guidance is provided by the relevant 

authorities, the Company has opted not to send out physical copies of the Circular for EGM on 28 August 

2020 as well as the Annual Report FY2020 for our AGM on 22 January 2021. This will save the paper that 

goes into the printing of physical copies of such documents 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2022 


14 | P a g e 

 

We will continue to monitor compliance with pollution standards by our tenants and use electronic 

communication with our shareholders as much as possible. We will also implement a quarterly Self-

Monitoring Report by our PCOs at high-risk location. 

 

 

OUR PEOPLE 

We strive to create an inclusive workplace environment, committed to mutual respect, fairness and 

equality for all our staff and workers. We provide opportunities for continuous learning and skills 

improvement for staff development. 

Diversity in Our Workforce (GRI 102-8, 405-1, 406-1)  

As at 30 September 2021, the Group had a total of 26 employees of which 11 or 42 % are female. The 

Group’s activities are performed by workers who are employees of the Group. They are all under full-time 

permanent employment contract. We do not have any workers who are under temporary contract or 

part-time. Our employees are distributed across various age groups with different experiences and skill 

sets that build the Group’s capabilities for sustainable growth. We still have a relatively young workforce 

with 39% of the workforce are aged 40 and below. They represented people from different cultural 

backgrounds and nationalities. 

Workforce and Turnover by Age 

Age Group 

Male (%) 

Female (%) 

Turnover Rate (%) 

&lt; 30 

4 

15 

40 

&gt; 30 &amp; &lt; = 40 

8 

12 

- 

&gt; 40 &amp; &lt; = 50 

15 

12 

- 

&gt; 50 &amp; &lt; = 60 

12 

- 

- 

&gt;60 

19 

4 

- 

Total 

58 

42 

8 

 

Workforce by Nationality 

Country 

% of Workforce 

Malaysia 

56 

Philippines 

32 

Vietnam 

12 

Total 

100 

 

Amplefield practices non-discrimination and believes in equal opportunities. All employees are 

remunerated fairly based on markets and individual responsibilities, merits and experiences regardless of 

gender, race or nationality. Any employee that has reason to believe that he or she has been unfairly 

discriminated can lodge a complaint with the human resource department. Upon receiving such a 


15 | P a g e 

 

complaint, the human resource department will investigate the matter and take the necessary remedial 

action. 

The Group did not receive any legal action nor was there any complaint registered with the authorities in 

respect of discrimination. We have not identified any instances of discrimination through our established 

procedures and grievance mechanisms.  

Employee Benefits and Retention (GRI 401-1, 401-3)  

We recognize the valuable contribution by our employees. Apart from competitive salaries and 

performance-based bonuses, our employees are entitled to a wide range of benefits such as medical and 

healthcare benefits as well as hospitalization leave.  

We also support the governments’ policies and initiatives and abide by their rules, regulations, policies 

and initiatives with regards to parental leave. During the reporting period, none of our employees took 

parental leave. 

The Group is dedicated to enabling our staff to develop to their full potential. Appropriate trainings are 

identified and conducted in-house or otherwise through various forms such as workshops, seminars, 

courses, conferences, classroom trainings etc. 

We will continue to periodically review our employment policies and work towards a more inclusive 

workforce.  

Training &amp; Education (GRI 404-3) 

All our staff received annual performance and career development reviews during the year. During the 

process, the employees also provide their feedback to the management. We are committed to identify 

appropriate trainings through various forms and means to enhance the skills of our employees. 

In FY2021, we have continued to identify staff for appropriate training, either in-house or out-sourced, to 

enable them to acquire new skills and knowledge so as to equip them to take up more responsibilities. As 

part of the program, we have training for our accredited Pollution Control Officer and OHS Officer. While 

we have set a target of 50 hours of training for all staff for FY2021, we have achieved 60 hours. 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2022 

We have set a target of 80 hours of training for all our staff for FY2022. 

Socioeconomic Compliance (GRI 419-1) 

We have not identified any non-compliance with laws and/or regulations in the social and economic area. 

In FY2021, we have engaged legal counsel on an ad-hoc basis to advise our corporates in the Philippines 

on any local laws that may be of our interest. 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2022 

Where necessary, we will continue to engage our lawyers, advisers and compliance officers to ensure that 

the Group complies with all the rules and regulations across the region where it operates. 


16 | P a g e 

 

SGX Five Primary Components Index 

S/N Primary Component 

Section Reference 

1 

Material Environment, 

Social and 

Governance factors 

• 

Economic, Environmental and Social Topics, Anti-corruption, 

Employment       

• 

Stakeholder Engagement 

2 

Policies, Practices and 

Performance 

• 

Chairman’s Message 

• 

Sustainability Story 

• 

Economic, Environmental and Social Topics 

3 

Board Statement 

Sustainability Governance &amp; Statement of the Board 

4 

Targets 

Sustainability Story 

5 

Framework 

Reporting Practice 

 

 

 

GRI Standards Content Index and GRI Indicators  

GRI 

Standards 

Disclosure Content 

Sustainability 

Report 

Section 

Reference 

 

Organisational Profile 

 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

Organisation Profile 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

Organisation Profile 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Organisation Profile 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Organisation Profile 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Organisation Profile 

102-6 

Markets served 

Organisation Profile 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Organisation Profile 

102-8 

Information on employees and workers 

Our People 

 

Ethics and Integrity 

 

102-16 

Values. Principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

Ethics and Integrity 

 

Governance 

 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Annual Report 2021 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

Reporting Practice 

 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Annual Report 2021 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Reporting Practice 

102-47 

List of Material Topics 

Reporting Practice 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

SR Report 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Reporting Practice 


17 | P a g e 

 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

SR Report 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Reporting Practice 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Reporting Practice 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Reporting Practice 

102-55 

GRI content index 

GRI Standards Content 

Index 

102-56 

External assurance 

Reporting Practice 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Economic performance 

203-2 

Significant indirect economic impact 

Indirect Economic Impact 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

Ethics and Integrity 

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies 

and procedures 

Ethics and Integrity 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

Ethics and Integrity 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations 

Environment Protection 

308-1 

Supplier environment assessment 

Managing 

our 

sub-

contractors 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

Employee Benefits and 

Retention 

401-3 

Parental leave 

Employee Benefits and 

Retention 

403-1 

Workers representation in formal joint management-worker 

health &amp; safety committee 

Health and Safety 

403-2 

Injury &amp; incidents 

Health and Safety 

403-9 

Work-related injuries 

Health and Safety 

403-10 

Work-related ill health 

Health and Safety 

404-3 

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and 

career development reviews 

Training and Education 

405-1 

 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

Diversity in our workforce 

406-1 

Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken 

Diversity in our workforce 

414-1 

New suppliers that were screened using social criteria 

Managing 

Our 

Sub-

contractors 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and 

economic area 

Socioeconomic 

compliance 

 

 

 

 

