


































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT

AnAn International Limited



2017




This sustainability report has been prepared by AnAn International 

Limited for compliance with the relevant rules of the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”).

This sustainability report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-

ST and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this 

sustainability report, including the correctness of any of the statements or 

opinions made or reports contained in this sustainability report.

The contact person for the sustainability report is Mr. Dong Chao.

1 Raffles Place, #41-01 One Raffles Place Tower 1, Singapore 048616 

Tel: (65) 6222 2298  Fax: (65) 6222 2021



CONTENTS

Board Statement

Corporate Profile

Scope of Report

Our Strategic Approach to Sustainability

• Reporting Boundaries &amp; Standards

• Reporting Period &amp; Scope

Accountability to Stakeholders

Our Materiality Matrix

Economic

• Economic Contribution to Society

• Financial Highlights

• Our Sustainability Vision

Governance

• Legal Compliance and Corporate Governance

• Ethics and Integrity

• Anti-Corruption and Anti-Fraud

• Compliance with Laws &amp; Regulations

• Risk Management

• Service Quality and Responsibility

Environment

• Environmental Management and Compliance

• Energy and Climate Change

• Air Emission

• Water and Wastewater

• Waste Management

• Soil Contamination Management

Social

• People

• Diversity &amp; Equal Opportunity

• Employee Wellness &amp; Benefits

• Training &amp; Staff Development

• Health and Safety

• Labour-management Relations

• Business Partner &amp; Stakeholder Engagement

• Customer Privacy &amp; Data Protection

• Corporate Social Responsibility

GRI Content Index























10

13

16

22

30

1

2

5

6

8

9


At AnAn International Limited ("AnAn"), we believe our sustainable growth and success is 

only possible with the sustainable development of the communities we operate in, be it 

social, business or national communities.

We are committed to uphold the highest standards of Environmental, Social and 

Governance (ESG) practices within our organisation.  While we are taking our first steps 

in the sustainability journey, we have embraced our corporate social responsibility with 

conviction and fervour.

Being in the energy trading business, we are heightened by our responsibility to conserve 

the reserves of natural fossil fuels while playing an instrumental role in the environmental 

protection of the long term sustainable development of this planet.

We demonstrate our sustainability commitment through the adoption of responsible 

business practices in corporate governance. The Group seeks to comply with applicable 

laws and regulations in the markets we operate in. The Board expects all employees to 

be vigilant to maintain our corporate values and the brand promise of the Company's 

products and services.

At AnAn, we recognise the importance of sustainability to our business. As we embark 

on our first journey of sustainability reporting, we aim to highlight the challenges and 

material issues that are important to our stakeholders, our strategy in managing these 

challenges and issues in this first report. 

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 1

Board Statement

Yours Sincerely, 

Zang Jian Jun

Executive Chairman




Corporate Profile

AnAn International Limited (“AnAn” or the “Company”) is 

listed on the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange (stock 

code: Y35).

The Company is primarily engaged in the trading of 

petrochemical, fuel oil, and petroleum products. AnAn 

International fully capitalizes on Singapore’s prominent 

advantages in its geographical location and market 

mechanism in international shipping, financial services, 

market trading and so forth to construct a Singapore-

centered global trading system with support from the 

Chinese market and a solid foothold in Asia-Pacific 

economic circle.

We integrate midstream and downstream resources in the 

oil and petrochemical industries to undertake commodity 

trading and diverse investment cooperation with the 

world’s major energy and raw material producing regions 

to establish a comprehensive energy trading system and 

industry value chain. Meanwhile, the Company strives to 

integrate the midstream and downstream assets of the oil 

and gas industry, gradually establishing a complete industrial 

chain.

Dyneff is a leading independent fuel distributor 

headquartered in France, with business operations across 

both France and Spain. Dyneff has been active in the fuel 

distribution sector for more than 50 years, with business 

operations covering three distribution channels, and over 

100 filling stations, a network of commercial agencies 

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 2

and two wholesale agencies. Dyneff has also established 

logistics infrastructure in both France and Spain, with 

strategic storage capabilities at the main Mediterranean and 

Atlantic ports. The total storage capacity amounts to about 

300,000 cubic meters.

Dyneff SAS

At the beginning of 2016, we launched a diversification 

strategy using investments and acquisitions to drive growth, 

with a strategic focus on investment opportunities in mid 

and downstream energy assets available in Europe, for 

instance, retail outlets, distribution networks, logistics and 

storage facilities. 

In 2016, we have acquired Dyneff SAS ("Dyneff") through 

the acquisition of a 51% stake in Rompetrol. In December 

2016, we have also obtained the approval for the acquisition 

by the French Ministry of Economy and anti-trust clearance 

by European Commission. 

AnAn International has entered into strategic partnership 

with a number of world-renowned energy enterprises, 

boasts of a professional team as well as a complete 

and stable trading system across the supply chain. With 

energy trading as its primary business and together with 

its involvement in the financial services and investment in 

the energy industry, the Company strives to grow into a 

vertically integrated energy company with global presence 

and strong competitive advantage.




AnAn International Limited

AnAn Assets Management &amp; Equity 

Investment(Hong Kong) Co.,Ltd.

Incorporated in Hong Kong

Rompetrol France SAS

DYNEFF SAS

Incorporated in France

Dyneff Espana SL

Dyneff Trading SL

Dyneff Gas Stations 

Network SL

Hong Kong China Energy Finance Service 

Co., Limited

Incorporated in Hong Kong

Shanghai Dajiang Shenyuan Enquity 

Investment Fund Management Co.,Ltd.

Incorporated in Shanghai,PRC

Yinxin Commercial Factoring Co.,Ltd

Incorporated in Beijing

Rizhao Port Gold Brick Oil Storage and 

Transportation Corporation Limited

Incorporated in Rizhao

Singapore AnAn Petrochemical &amp; 

Energy Pte Ltd

Incorporated in Singapore

100%

51%

100%

15%

100%

100%

100%

Petrol station in Spain

Trading Activities in Spain

100%

100%

100%

49%

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 3

Dyneff  caters to the supply of energy, and our activities 

provide a complete range of solutions "Made by Dyneff", 

ranging from gasoline, diesel, domestic heating oil, non-road 

fuel, natural gas. Our professional fleet of 70 trucks is fitted 

with the best technologies in order to secure the deliveries. 

Every year we also charter more than 80 vessels from 2,000 

to 33,000 tons in order to transport close to 1 million m3 

of petroleum products by sea. Our own storage sites as 

well as our rented primary facilities in France and Spain, 

combined with a network of secondary oil depots, ensure 

a total storage capacity of over 250,000m3. Our network 

also includes over 100 petrol stations in the South of 

France and North of Spain; 14 commercial centers for fuel 

distribution to professionals, individuals and local authorities; 

and two trading agencies for major key accounts in France 

and Spain. Since 2015, Dyneff is now among the national 

natural gas suppliers, able to provide natural gas to private 

households as well as local companies connected to the 

national grid managed by GrDF (representing 96% of the 

French territory).

This vast territorial network, along with our important storage 

capacity and our global knowledge of the distribution of 

petroleum products ensure a fast and reliable supply as 

well as an extensive geographical coverage, including three 

quarters of the French and Spanish territories.

As a subsidiary of AnAn International Limited (51%) and 

KazMunayGaz International NV (49%), Dyneff moreover 

benefits from the strength of these international groups 

operating in the energy sector.


Key Businesses

Energy Trading

Energy Financial Services

Investment in Energy Industry

Primarily engaged in international trading of oil and 

petrochemical products. 

Based in Singapore, the company capitalizes on 

Singapore's advantages in its geographical location and 

market mechanism in ports, logistics, finances and trading 

while capturing the momentum of the Chinese market to 

expand its business in the Asia-Pacific region. 

The company's traded commodities mainly include 

the following categories: 1) crude oil, 2) light end 

products (LPG, NGLs, naphtha, gasoline and blending 

components, etc), 3) middle distillates products (kerosene, 

Primarily engaged in derivatives trading of energy 

commodities during the early stage of development, while 

Primarily focused on investment efforts in the energy 

industry, with a focus on the extension of its assets in the 

mid- and downstream areas, 

This includes acquisition of and investment in terminals, 

distribution channels, logistics and critical storage 

facilities. 

The Company will evaluate investment opportunities 

in new energy projects in China, and at a more mature 

timing evaluate the application of Internet energy projects 

to promote the energy industry. 

diesel), 4) heavy ends products (vacuum gasoil, straight-

run fuel oil, cracked fuel oil including bunker fuel oil, 

asphalt, etc), 5) chemical products (paraxylene, mixed 

xylenes, glycol, styrene, natural runner, etc). 

Currently, the Company has entered into strategic 

partnership agreements with a number of world renowned 

enterprises. These strategic partners provide stable long-

term supply and sales channels, outstanding product and 

service quality in the industry, and an extensive business 

network in China's energy market, laying a strong 

foundation for the future development of AnAn.  

it seeks to extend to other services including receivables 

factoring and financial leasing step by step.

Dyneff operations in France &amp; Spain



•        

•

•

•        

•        

•        

•

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 4


SCOPE 

OF REPORT 

During the year, we adopted a formal reporting approach by applying 

the international reporting framework, Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) 

Standards, in preparing our first sustainability report.

For reference to the GRI Content Index, please refer to Page 29-33.

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 5


Our Strategic Approach to Sustainability 

Reporting Boundaries and Standards 

With our vision and corporate values in mind, we aim to 

systematically and seamlessly integrate sustainability into 

the businesses of AnAn. Where possible, we incorporate 

sustainability considerations in our decision-making 

processes.  

Our sustainability efforts are led by our senior management 

who ensures that the Company’s business objectives are 

in line with our commitments to sustainable development. 

Senior management is responsible for on-going 

communication to the Board of Directors.    

The report is also prepared in accordance with GRI Principles for defining report content, including: 

• Materiality: 

focusing on issues that impact business growth and are of 

utmost importance to stakeholders;

• Stakeholder Inclusiveness: 

responding to the identification of stakeholder expectations 

and interests; 

AnAn’s senior management has determined focus areas 

where AnAn can have the greatest economic, environmental 

and social impact, as well as the areas that are most 

important to our stakeholders.  

AnAn aims to seek the opinion of internal and external 

stakeholders either formally or informally. We aspire 

to understand the needs and expectations of our key 

stakeholders and strive to build mutually beneficial 

relationships.

• Sustainability Context: 

presenting performance in the wider context of 

sustainability; and 

• Completeness: 

including all information that is of significant economic, 

environmental and social impact to enable stakeholders to 

assess the Company’s performance. 

Sustainability Committee Governance Structure

Board

Chairman



Operations/

EHS



Human 

Resource



Legal 

Compliance



Information 

Technology



Finance



Marketing

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 6


Report Period and Scope

We use a consolidated operating approach to determine 

organisational boundaries. Our data is an aggregation of our 

operations in Singapore. As this is our first report, our base 

year is 2017.

This report covers data and information from 1 January 

2017 to 31 December 2017 and discusses AnAn's 

achievements and performance towards Environmental, 

Social and Governance (“ESG”) issues. This report has been 

prepared in accordance to the GRI Standards: Core Option.

This report covers only the operations in Singapore, China 

and France for the first year.

The Environmental, health and safety data provided in this report cover ONLY sites and activities in France which 

are fully owned and managed by Dyneff, namely:

HSE and social quantitative data provided in this report exclude:

The information presented in this Report is produced for the 

first time for financial year 2017, and the figures contained 

therein concern the a restricted scope as detailed below, 

with an illustration of the policies, processes, tools, initiatives 

and actions as far as possible at Group level.

AnAn will extend its reporting scope during each new 

reporting year, to make the reporting as representative as 

possible with regard to the Group’s workforce and revenue.

As part of our environmental conservation efforts, only digital 

edition of the report is available at: www.ananinternational.com

The 30 petrol stations owned by Dyneff in France;

The DPPLN primary oil depot;

The 11 commercial centers located in France;

The transportation activities conducted by Dyneff own  

The EHS data of Asian operations will be added in the 

report next year.

The petrol stations in partnership, as they are owned 

and operated by independent individuals with their own 

employees (Dealer Owned Dealer Operated – DODO 

model). For each of these stations there is a framework 

contract in place allowing the independent operator to 

use the Dyneff brand, while in return being committed to 

procuring the fuel sold at its petrol station from Dyneff and 

to comply with the Dyneff charter;

The primary oil depots only partly owned by Dyneff 

(EPPLN, DP FOS, SPR);

The loading points and secondary oil depots leased by Dyneff;

The fuel transportation / delivery activities conducted 

by subcontractor’s vehicles and personnel (e.g. vessels 

chartered to deliver fuel to primary oil depots, fuel delivery 

by road to small and medium distribution clients when 

• 

• 

•

•

•

• 

•

•

•

•

•

•

managed by a subcontracted transportation company), 

and the fuel transportation from primary oil depots to 

wholesale client’s locations (which is the responsibility of 

the client);

The activities of BAE SAS, which is a 50% joint-venture 

with a winemaking cooperative. 

Dyneff activities in Spain are outside the scope of this 

report. In particular, HSE and social quantitative data 

provided in this report do not include sites and employees 

based in Spain. It should however be highlighted that 

qualitative information regarding strategy, governance, etc. 

described in this report are generally applicable to Dyneff 

activities in Spain as well.

vehicles and personnel (company cars, owned trucks    

delivering products to petrol stations and individual clients);

The head office in Montpellier (including the wholesale 

trading center) and the office in Narbonne.

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 7


Accountability to Stakeholders  

We strive to be a responsible corporate citizen by working 

closely with our stakeholders to understand their concerns 

and feedback.  The stakeholder engagement provides 

valuable information for our sustainability reporting, 

particularly in determining the material environmental 

Our Key Stakeholders

How We Engage Them

Key Topics

Customers

· Formal business meetings

· Informal feedback 

· Value proposition of AnAn Group

· Product features of AnAn's 

  product ranges

· Customer feedbacK

· Service quality

Shareholders and Financial 

Community

· Annual General Meeting

· Emails and tele-conferences

· Investor Briefings/meetings

· Financial results

· Key business developments 

  such as new acquisition or 

  divestment

· Information update by  

  management to shareholders

  &amp; investors

Employees

· Internal communication through emails 

· Information update by 

  management to staff

Suppliers / Service Providers

· Regular meetings

· Emails and telephone calls

· Feedbacks on their products 

  and services

· Information update of their 

  new product or service

Government and Regulatory 

Agencies

· Consultations 

· Discussions 

· Regulatory and industry 

  standards and guidelines

Local Communities

· Community activities 

and social issues.  We will continue to engage our 

external stakeholders more extensively to identify areas 

that are material, sustainable and necessary for future 

development.

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 8


1

2

3

4

5

5

4

3

2

1

Importance to External Stakeholders

Importance to Internal Stakeholders

Importance to Stakeholders

MATERIALITY MATRIX

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

Training and Education

Business Partners Engagement

Stakeholder Engagement

Labour-Management Relations

Supply Chain &amp; Procurement Practices

Customer Privacy &amp; Data Protection

Socio-Economic Compliance

Corporate Social Responsibility

Economic contribution to society

Wages and local hiring

Sustainable Growth

Innovation &amp; Technology

Legal Compliance and Governance

Anti-Corruption and Anti-Fraud

Service Quality &amp; Responsibility

Employee/Public Health &amp; Safety

Water Conservation

Energy Management

Environmental Impact Assessment 

and Mitigation

Waste Management

Emission &amp; Air Pollution

GOVERNANCE

ECONOMIC

SOCIAL

ENVIRONMENT



9

8

12

6

5

7

1

2

3

4

14

16 17

18

19

20

21

22

13

10

15

11

10

11

12

13

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 9


ECONOMIC

Economic Contribution to Society

Headquartered in Singapore, we manage our global 

operations in accordance with our sustainability principles. 

We work closely with our management and staff to identify 

and consider any sustainability opportunities and risks that 

may arise.  

Sustainability trends such as climate change, resource 

scarcity and demographic changes shape the competitive 

environment in which companies like AnAn operate by 

introducing long term sustainability opportunities and risks. 

We therefore view our business performance beyond short 

term gains and financial bottomline. Our conviction is to 

achieve a balanced triple bottomline (People, Planet, Profit) 

for sustained growth of the organisation and the community 

it operates in.

The success of our business is highly dependent on 

the commitment of our management and staff.  Their 

knowledge, professional expertise and their job satisfaction 

are key to our economic sustainability.  

More importantly, we strive to contribute positively to the 

society through our economic presence, while maintaining 

good stewardship of the resources we manage and 

generating good shareholder value.

Our business model focuses on cost effectiveness without 

compromising our service level and high priority on 

customer’s interest. 

We strive to maintain our market position by ensuring we 

gain the trust of our customers, and continually build our 

reputation and brand name in the business community in 

Singapore.

We use local suppliers and service providers for our 

operation in Singapore.

In today’s highly volatile business environment, AnAn 

has diligently embraced prudent financial management, 

capitalised on our assets and investments, and remained 

focused on growth strategies, to enhance shareholders’ 

value.

For FY2017, we have encountered some headwinds in 

the form the recoverability of the Group’s US$124.52 

million trade receivables from a related party as well as the 

recoverability of US$122.3 million due from subsidiary as 

qualified  by our auditors in our annual report FY2017.

For more information on AnAn’s financial and business 

performance, please refer to Page 10

ECONOMIC

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 10


2

ECONOMIC

Financial Highlights

Revenue by Year (US$'000)

Total Comprehensive Income

Attributable to: Owners of the Company (US$‘000)

Net Profit/Loss  (US$'000)

Revenue by Geographical Segments 

(US$'000)

2016    2017

2016    2017

2016   

2017

2016

2017

2,295,981

2,72

12,391

183,319

1,430,855    

18,421                                  

24,002        

119,306       

773,723                        

745,820

999,465

13,107

2,723         

ECONOMIC

Europe

Hong Kong 

People’s Republic of China                           

Singapore

Others

Revenue by Business Segments (US$'000)

2016

2017

865,587

1,001,785

1,459

(461)

(2,320)

1,429,396 

Wholesale             

Derivative trading

Distribution

Dividend income

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 11


Our Sustainability Vision

ECONOMIC

2

Generate positive return to shareholders

Achieve operational efficiency

Drive consistent growth through organic 

growth and acquisitions

•

•

•

•

•

•

•

•

•

•

•

Build a resilient organisation and caring society

Promote greater support for corporate 

volunteerism in society

Build partnership with stakeholders

Drive employee development and employee 

engagement

Promote a strong environmental-friendly 

culture

Promote environmental conservation through 

adoption of the 3R's (Reduce, Reuse 

Recycle) and energy efficient practices

Focus on risk management by having good 

corporate governance and well-developed 

policies and procedures 

Achieve compliance with all applicable laws 

and regulations

ECONOMIC

SOCIAL

ENVIRONMENTAL

GOVERNANCE









AnAn's  sustainability strategy, targets and key performance indicators (KPI) will be reported in the next sustainability report.

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 12


With a zero-tolerance policy to bribery and corruption, we 

put in place monitoring and management control systems to 

detect bribery, fraud or other malpractice activities directly 

at the source.  We have established a whistle-blowing 

mechanism for employees and any other concerned 

stakeholders such as customers and their families, 

suppliers, competitors and contractors.  

A direct whistle-blowing channel through channels like email 

2

Ethics &amp; Integrity 

 

 

Anti-Corruption and Anti-Fraud

Legal Compliance and Corporate Governance

We promote an ethical and 'act with integrity’ culture 

throughout the Company. We seek to conduct our business 

in an ethical manner, and guided by industry best practices. 

All staff are required to comply fully with the principles 

set out in the employment contract and the Employee 

Handbook.

Corporate governance and compliance has always been 

one of the top priorities for the Company.  Being a public-

listed company in Singapore, the decision-making process 

of the Company is strictly in line with legal and regulatory 

requirements and in compliance with the Code of Corporate 

Governance issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, 

and the Singapore Companies Act (Chapter 50).

GOVERNANCE

We adhered to all the legal and regulatory requirements in all 

the markets we operate in. The Company has not received 

any correspondences or notifications in relation to any non-

compliance of legal and regulatory requirements of any 

government or regulatory of agencies in financial year 2017. 

The Audit Committee received no whistle-blowing letters 

during the year.

The Employee Handbook details our expected standards of 

employee’s behaviour towards our business partners whom 

we have business dealings with, to the people in the society 

whom we serve and towards each other as employees of 

the Company. 

or telephone line has also been implemented to enable our 

employees and concerned stakeholders and to get direct 

access to our Audit Committee Chairman.  

By doing so, our employees and stakeholders can be 

assured that all reports or suspicion of potential breaches of 

our employee guidelines are taken seriously by the Group. 

Our stakeholders can reach our Audit Committee Chairman 

via telephone or email.

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 13


Risk Management

The Group recognises the importance of risk management 

and how business risks may adversely affect AnAn’s 

business performance.  

It is the responsibility of the Audit Committee as appointed 

by the Board of Directors to oversee the effectiveness of our 

risk management and internal controls. 

AnAn faces the same risks as other companies in the energy 

sector, including environmental risks (e.g. hydrocarbon spill, 

contribution to climate change, depletion of resources), 

social risks (e.g. talent attraction and retention, competence 

GOVERNANCE

management, safety), societal risks (e.g. relationships 

with local communities), reputation / image risk, business 

risks (e.g. evolving expectations from customers, business 

continuity), etc.  

AnAn endeavors to manage these risks and turn them into 

opportunities (e.g. products diversification, promotion of 

green fuels) as far as possible, in particular by embedding 

sustainability into the company’s day-to-day activities, as 

described in the different sections of this report.

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 14

Compliance with Laws and Regulations

The Company is proactive in ensuring its compliance with 

all relevant laws and regulations in Singapore, and has put 

in place policies and procedures to ensure compliance. 

The management team is responsible for the review and 

monitoring of the Company’s policies and practices. Non-

compliance of relevant laws and regulations or resolutions 

will be reported to the Board of Directors. 

As a publicly listed entity,  the Company also ensures that 

it is in compliance, both in substance and in spirit, with the 

Listing Rules of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

(SGX-ST), the Securities and Futures Act, and the Singapore 

Companies Act.

Any new enactment of or changes to the relevant laws and 

regulations will be communicated to all staff via emails and 

small group meetings.  Such communication is necessary to 

ensure that all staff are aware of the changes and can carry 

out the necessary steps and actions to ensure compliance.  

While we seek to leverage our data to serve our customers 

responsibly, we adhere and uphold the Personal Data 

Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”). 

There has not been any report of product or service 

misinformation during the year.


Service Quality and Responsibility

Our service quality and responsibility to our customers 

ranks high for the sustainable success of the Company. We 

are committed to provide reliable and high quality services 

to our customers we service. We emphasise service 

excellence in dealings with our customers. Our staff serve 

our customers professionally and ethically.

GOVERNANCE

A comprehensive customer satisfaction survey was 

conducted in 2014 for the small and medium distribution 

and wholesale fuel markets in France. 1,395 existing 

customers (81% small and medium distribution, 19% 

wholesale) and 105 new customers (91% small and medium 

distribution, 9% wholesale) responded to a purpose-

built questionnaire designed for assessing the customers’ 

satisfaction in terms of service, price and relationship 

with Dyneff. Overall, 96% of our customers were satisfied 

with our performance, with 37% of the surveyed clients 

even being extremely satisfied. The contact with Dyneff 

representatives (e.g. kindness of sales representatives and 

of drivers) and the efficiency of delivery were among the 

features particularly appreciated by our customers. The 

price and the continued relationship with Dyneff (e.g. sharing 

offers / information on new products, capability to quickly 

deliver in case of an emergency) were identified as areas for 

improvement.

Further to Dyneff receiving the agreement to supply natural 

gas in 2015, we performed a customer satisfaction survey 

covering 2,400 of our gas clients in 2017. The overall 

satisfaction rate was 86% for existing clients and 76% for 

new clients. Areas of satisfaction include an efficient phone 

assistance / hotline, the professionalism of Dyneff  and the 

quality of advice given. The main topics of dissatisfaction 

relate to issues with invoices, the time to respond to queries, 

and the absence of an online customer system for the 

clients to monitor their contracts. While we are working hard 

to resolve these issues and have already made progress to 

reduce response time and improve invoice management, 

the development of an online client system will take some 

time to be ready for deployment.

Customer Satisfaction

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 15




Environmental protection has always been a major and 

daily concern for us. We have focused our environmental 

reporting on our AnAn operations in France. In our first 

report, we focus the efforts in managing our direct impacts, 

followed by how we can improve the trading framework 

to reduce as far as possible the indirect impact in the 

subsequent reports.

Dyneff adopts a virtuous quality approach with the objective 

to mitigate our impact on the environment. Supply of 

biofuels, integration of new eco-construction technologies, 

ENVIRONMENT

reduction of air emissions from transportation, reduction of 

energy consumption, because every action counts, Dyneff's 

strategy includes environmental concerns on a daily basis.

AnAn strives to embrace environmental sustainability by 

managing environmental conservation through adopting 

‘Reduce’, ‘Re-use’, ‘Recycle’ and energy efficient practices.  

As part of our initial efforts, we will align our environmental 

performance in our Singapore operations to key evaluation 

criterion like water and energy conservation.

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 16

Environmental Management and Compliance

We use the ISO14001 standard as a reference to conduct 

our environmental management and protection activities, 

including environmental impact register and monitoring, 

compliance with regulations (regulatory watch through 

legislative editions), mandatory reporting of environmental 

data (to local authorities, to shareholders), training, internal 

and external audits, etc.

Our sites are subject to declaration or authorization 

according to the French ‘Installations Classées pour 

l’Environnement’ (ICPE – Classified Installations for 

Environmental Protection) legal framework, under headings 

1434 for hydrocarbons loading / unloading, 1435 for petrol 

stations, and 4734 for hydrocarbon storage. 

Under this legal framework, our sites are committed 

to comply with the environmental requirements of their 

operating permits and/or of the relevant Generic Orders 

(“Arrêtés Types“), are subject to regular inspections from 

the local authorities, and are required to report their 

environmental performance to the local authorities on an 

annual basis. 

Our employees are regularly trained to ICPE requirements, 

and all of our sites are operating in compliance with 

applicable local environmental regulations.


2

Energy and Climate Change

Minimizing Energy Consumption

The primary source of energy consumption at our sites (oil 

depots, petrol stations and offices) is electricity purchased 

from the grid for lighting, heating / cooling, and various 

electrical equipment. At some sites, fuel is used in small 

quantities for firefighting equipment and for emergency 

back-up generators. Diesel fuel and gasoline are used by 

our fleet of vehicles (company cars for employees, owned 

trucks for products transportation and delivery from the oil 

depots to our petrol stations and to our clients). 

Renewable energies are used at a few Dyneff sites to 

complement energy from the grid. For example, at the 

Village Catalan highway petrol station, solar panels and a 

ENVIRONMENT

wind turbine are used to produce sanitary hot water and 

electricity.

The electricity consumption at Dyneff sites amounts to 

approximately 3.75 million kWh in 2017, while the fuel 

consumption (for testing of firefighting equipment and 

emergency generators) amounts to 12 m3 only. The total 

quantity of fuel (diesel and gasoline) used in AnAn’s (France) 

vehicles amounts to approximately 345,000 liters in 2017. 

The greenhouse gas emissions resulting from the energy 

consumption of Dyneff are estimated at 950 tCO2 for Scope 

1 (fuel for owned vehicles and generators) and 225 tCO2 for 

Scope 2 (electricity purchased).

Electricity Consumption ('000kwh)

Electricity Expenditure (€'000)

Electricity Consumption 2017 

AnAn's Consumption (France)

AnAn's Expenditure (France)





5000

4000

3000

2000

1000

0

3,750

558





5000

4000

3000

2000

1000

0

129



Fuel Consumption ('000Litres)

Fuel Expenditure (€'000)

Fuel Consumption 2017 

AnAn's Consumption (France)

AnAn's Expenditure (France)





5000

4000

3000

2000

1000

0

345



500

400

300

200

100

0

Greenhouse Gases Emission (tCO2)

Greenhouse Gases Emission  2017 

AnAn's Emission (Scope 1 ) (France)

AnAn's Emission (Scope 2 ) (France)





1000

800

600

400

200

0

950

225





1000

800

600

400

200

0

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 17


In line with legal requirements and in order to identify energy 

improvement opportunities,  Dyneff conducted in 2015 

energy audits for its petrol stations and transportation 

activities. The audits were performed by third-party specialist 

companies, which conducted a detailed review and analysis 

of energy consumptions and made recommendations in 

terms of energy consumption and efficiency improvements.

At the petrol stations, energy improvement opportunities 

identified by the audits included the implementation of 

centralized automated management of energy streams, 

replacement of all lightbulbs with LEDs, automation of 

lighting systems, and awareness / training of staff to energy 

efficiency measures. These actions have been or are being 

implemented at our petrol stations.

In terms of transportation activities, a number of 

improvement initiatives have been identified by the energy 

audit and have been or are being implemented in order to 

Dyneff was the first to incorporate methyl ester into diesel 

and heating oil in France as soon as 1993, and in Spain 

since 2005. Today, we continues with the development of 

alternative solutions to fossil fuels and distributes in France 

and Spain fuels containing between 10% to 100% biofuel: 

Super Ethanol E85 (fuel containing 85% ethanol and 15% 

petrol), SP95-10 (Super Sans Plomb 95 containing up to 

10% ethanol), biofuel B10, B20, B30 and B100 (incorporating 

between 10 and 100% methyl ester). With this diversified 

range of biofuels, Dyneff consistently exceeds the regulatory 

requirement of 7% biofuel content in the total volume of fuel 

In France, the Energy Saving Certificate system (‘Certificats 

d’Economie d’Energie – CEE’) requires energy distribution 

companies such as Dyneff to actively promote energy 

efficiency to its clients (professionals, individuals and local 

authorities), with an annual objective of CEE to be obtained 

in line with the actions conducted during the year. If a 

company does not reach its objective, then it has to pay 

a fine or purchase the ‘outstanding’ CEE from another 

company that has exceeded its CEE target.

minimize fuel consumption: thorough vehicle maintenance, 

regular tire pressure verification, vehicles with ‘Stop &amp; Start’ 

systems, use of energy-saving lubrification oil, training to 

eco-driving / defensive driving, use of onboard telematics. 

It should be noted that these recommendations primarily 

apply to our company cars rather than trucks for products 

transportation as this latter activity has largely been 

externalized in the past few years.

In this regard, Dyneff was a signatory of the ‘Objective CO2’ 

charter (a voluntary commitment to reduce CO2 emissions 

from transportation) from 2011 to 2013, but cannot claim 

compliance with this charter anymore since we have 

externalized our fuel transportation and delivery activities. 

Our transportation partners are however signatories of the 

‘Objective CO2’ charter.

sold. Dyneff has also partnered with a local car dealer in 

order to encourage the purchase of Flex-fuel vehicles which 

use E85 biofuel.

Through this distribution and promotion of biofuels, we 

encourages its clients to reduce their greenhouse gas 

emissions and resulting impacts on climate change. 

Dyneff has supported the development of electric cars, 

starting with the provision of a charging station for electric 

cars at one of our highway petrol stations.

With a dedicated team of 3 specialists, Dyneff is a very 

proactive player in the CEE system and consistently 

exceeds its CEE target by implementing various energy 

efficiency promotion actions for its customers, for example:

• Provision of free support to our clients for implementing 

   energy renovation / improvement projects;

• Distribution of low consumption LED lightbulbs to all fans 

   of the Montpellier Hérault Rugby Club.

Promotion of Biofuels

Energy Saving Certificates

ENVIRONMENT

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 18


ENVIRONMENT

Air Emissions

Fugitive VOC Emissions

Transportation Air Emissions

The main sources of air emissions at our sites are fugitive 

VOC (volatile organic compounds) emissions from 

hydrocarbon storage tanks, and loading / unloading 

equipment. In order to minimize these emissions, the 

oil depots are fitted with vapor recovery systems for 

hydrocarbon loading from the storage tanks to the 

trucks. The storage tanks and pipelines are also fitted 

with emergency safety shutdown valves and fire and gas 

The second major source of direct air emissions from our 

activities is transportation. The initiatives listed above to 

minimize energy consumption from transportation and 

the commitment to the ‘Objective CO2’ charter by our 

transportation partners participate in the reduction of air 

emissions from transportation. 

Additional actions / initiatives to minimize the use of road 

transportation and further reduce resulting air emissions 

include:

• Use of rail instead of road to transport hydrocarbons 

   products to oil depots when possible;

detection systems in order to identify and prevent any 

hydrocarbon leak. 

Our petrol stations are all fitted with stage 1 vapor recovery 

systems (for hydrocarbon delivery from the trucks to the 

above- or underground storage tank), and the larger stations 

dispensing over 500 m3 per year are moreover fitted with 

stage 2 vapor recovery systems (for fuel delivery from the 

dispensers to the customer’s vehicles).

Principles of Stage 1 (left) and Stage 2 (right) Vapor Recovery Systems at Petrol Stations

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 19

• Transition towards the latest Euro 6 European emission 

   standards for exhaust emissions of company light vehicles;

• Promotion of carpooling via an internal online reservation 

   system;

• Provision of videoconferencing facilities in the Montpellier, 

   Narbonne and Girona offices;

• Provision of a secured bicycle parking in the head office in 

   Montpellier to encourage employees to ride their bicycle 

   to and from work;

• Possible use of teleworking under certain conditions is 

   being assessed.











































GASONLINE

VAPORS

DISPENSED GASONLINE

SERVICE STATION PUMP

RETURNED VAPORS

VAPOR VENT LINE

MANIFOLD FOR RETURNING VAPORS

UNDERGROUND

STORAGE TANK

TRUCK STORAGE

COMPARTMENTS

INTERLOCKING VALVE

PRESSURE RELIEF VALVE

SUBMERGED FILL PIPE

LIQUID LEVEL

VAPOR RETURN LINE










































































Water and Wastewater

Waste Management

Water is primarily used for domestic purposes (restrooms, 

cooking, cleaning) at Dyneff sites (oil depots, petrol stations 

and offices). At our petrol stations, water is also used 

for the car wash stations. Water consumed by Dyneff is 

predominantly potable water from the municipal network, 

with a total consumption of approximately 98,000 m3 at our 

sites in 2017. At the Village Catalan highway petrol station, 

stormwater from roofing areas is collected and reused for 

toilet flushing.

Waste generated by AnAn in France activities mainly consist 

of non-hazardous domestic waste, primarily at the petrol 

stations (from shops and restaurants). Waste segregation 

is implemented at all our petrol stations, and we have 

contracts in place with authorized waste transporters for 

the removal and disposal of non-hazardous waste. These 

contracts are based on a flat maximum volume of waste, 

which is never exceeded at our petrol stations.

Hazardous wastes from our activities are generated in 

small volumes and include sludge from hydrocarbon 

separators, oily rags, used oils, expired chemicals, etc. 

Hazardous wastes are disposed to authorized facilities and 

systematically subject to waste manifests. The total volume 

of hazardous wastes generated by our activities amounts to 

approximately 1 ton in 2017.

Domestic wastewater is generally discharged to the 

municipal network without prior treatment. At remote 

highway petrol stations not connected to the municipal 

network, domestic wastewater is treated in an onsite 

effluent treatment plant prior to being discharged to the 

natural environment (infiltration via a reed lagoon or overflow 

to dedicated infiltration pit).

Car wash water is consumed in a closed loop system. 

There is however a continuous small amount of 

concentrated effluent that has to be discharged. This car 

wash wastewater stream is treated by a hydrocarbon 

Apart from the waste segregation at source, we currently do 

not have any specific action or initiative in place in order to 

minimize the volume of waste generated at our sites or to 

increase our waste recycling rate.

For the cleaning of domestic fuel storage tanks for our small 

and medium distribution clients, the process developed by 

Dyneff enables the company  to maximize product recycling 

while minimizing waste generation. The process consists in 

the suction of the fuel contained in the tank, the suction of 

the deposits at the bottom of the tanks, the cleaning of the 

tank, and the filtering and return of the fuel into the cleaned 

tank.

separator (which is cleaned every 6 months or every year) 

prior to discharge to the municipal network or to the natural 

environment depending on the sites.

Treated effluents discharged to the natural environment 

are regularly monitored in order to check compliance with 

applicable discharge standards.

ENVIRONMENT

Water Consumption ('000Cm3)

Water Expenditure (€'000)

Water Consumption 2017 

Water Consumption An An ( France)

Water Expenditure An An ( France)





200

160

120

80

40

98

156





100

80

60

40

20

0

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 20


Eco-conception of our Facilities

Soil Contamination  Management

For our last two highway petrol stations (Rouillé Pamproux 

and Village Catalan) in France, we have applied the 

principles of High Environmental Quality (‘Haute Qualité 

Environnementale – HQE’) for the construction and 

We have also installed several comprehensive systems 

and processes in place in order to minimize the risk of 

accidental spillage or leaks during fuel storage, loading and 

unloading at our oil depots and petrol stations, and during 

hydrocarbon transportation:

Underground storage tanks are double-walled while 

aboveground storage tanks are single-walled but 

provided with secondary containment;

All storage tanks are fitted with leak detection and 

overflow prevention systems;

Tanks gauging is conducted after each loading / 

unloading activity;

Tanks and pipelines are regularly integrity tested (via 

acoustic or pressurized methods);

Petrol stations and oil depots are paved and provided 

•

•

•

•

•

•

•

•

operation of the stations, which include a ‘green’ 

construction process, maximum use of local materials from 

the circular economy, a centralized energy management 

system, and the collection and reuse of stormwater.

with specific drainage and collection network for 

potentially contaminated wastewater (e.g. stormwater or 

spilled hydrocarbons);

Spill kits are provided at oil depots and petrol stations, 

and staff is trained to the use of spill kits;

A safety protocol is in place with the transporters, and 

drivers are trained accordingly;

Geo-tracking is in place for the truck fleet, and an 

emergency response plan is in place (including a directory 

for pumping, lifting and transportation companies) in order 

to be able to quickly intervene in case of a truck accident 

susceptible to lead to a hydrocarbon spill.

There has been no significant spill incident from Dyneff 

activities in 2017. 

ENVIRONMENT

Spill Prevention and Response

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 21

Customer Engagement

AnAn hydrocarbon products meet the requirements of the 

Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of 

Chemicals (REACH) European Directive, aiming at ensuring 

a high level of human health and environmental protection 

against risks from chemicals. 

We systematically provide our products safety datasheets 

to our small and medium distribution and wholesale 

customers when they complete their first order. The safety 

datasheets provide our customers with key information 

on the composition of our products, their potential health, 

safety and environmental risks and impacts, how to prevent 

/ mitigate them, and how to react in case of product 

exposure / spill.

At our petrol stations, clear safety pictograms inform our 

customers on the main risks (fire, explosion) and on the 

prohibited actions (do not smoke, do not use mobile phone, 

do not leave the car engine on) to prevent an incident from 

occurring.

In terms of environmental protection, Dyneff provides 

advice to its clients in order to reduce their energy bills 

and supports them in implementing energy renovation / 

improvement projects, thus helping them to reduce both 

their energy consumption and related expenses.

Communication with Customers on HSE Topics


SOCIAL

People 

Diversity &amp; Equal Opportunity

Pivotal to our success is our people performing at their best. 

We value the vital contribution by all employees towards 

sustaining AnAn’s long term success. To underscore our 

care and commitment towards our 363 employees globally, 

AnAn drives a holistic Human Resource strategy focused 

on fair remuneration and equal opportunities, training 

Identifying, recognising and rewarding quality employees is 

essential in our hiring and retention strategy. We advocate 

fair employment practices by ensuring equal opportunities 

for recruitment, fair compensation, career progression 

and training opportunities. We provide fair employment 

opportunities to all, regardless of age, gender, race, or 

nationality. 

AnAn advocates a policy of harnessing diversity in human 

resource as evidenced by a fair distribution of employees 

from different nationalities and age groups to support our 

key markets in Singapore, China and France. Local hiring is 

emphasized as AnAn’s employees are mainly citizens of the 

3 key countries it operates in. 

There is a fair proportion of male and female employees. 

We ensure that fair work practices and remuneration are 

Number of Employees FY2017

China/Hong Kong

Singapore        

France 4+3+93+t

96.4%

1.7%

1.9%

and development, employee wellness and engagement, 

and work-life harmony. We are taking progressive steps 

to go beyond compliance with labour laws in Singapore 

to develop and implement policies and staff engagement 

programmes that aim to help employees build long-term, 

fulfilling careers with AnAn. 

ascertained based on individual work performance and not 

on any gender consideration. No form of discrimination 

is tolerated within our organisation.  There has been no 

incident of discrimination reported.

AnAn maintains fair and open employment policy through 

providing fair employment opportunities to both young 

and older workers above age 60 years old. With over 363 

employees globally. Staff are reviewed under the annual staff 

appraisal which is based on performance and is not bound 

by gender, race, age or nationality.

The recruitment and retention of talents include cooperation 

with professional institutions, talent pool development and 

retention, and staff grievance mechanism.

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 22


Fair &amp; Open Employment Policy

16



+34+38



+12+t

38.3%

33.4%

15.4%

11.8%

AnAn maintains fair and open employment policy through 

providing fair employment opportunities to both young and 

older workers above age 56 years old. Our workforce has 

a good balance in employee age distribution, with 49.8% 

under the 40 year old group. As at 31 December 2017, the 

youngest staff is 23 years old while we have 1 senior staff 

over 60 years old.

Employee Age Profile

FY2017

In terms of employee skills profile, we have maintained a 

good proportion of management and staff to lead and drive 

the business growth for our Company.

The executive team has professional expertise and strong 

customer relationship to maintain the sustainable success 

of AnAn. We are continuously recruiting talents, particularly 

younger talents and grooming them through mentorship 

and on-the-job training programmes.

Our recruitment policy is based on the pre-requisite 

skills and academic qualiﬁcations necessary to perform 

the required job scope. During recruitment, we have 

implemented stringent shortlisting processes to ensure that 

successful candidates share the the Company's values. 

We focus on retention of talent by providing fair and 

sustainable ﬁnancial and non-ﬁnancial incentives, such as 

learning and development opportunities.  Our compensation 

SOCIAL

and beneﬁts policies are determined by guidelines proposed 

by our HR team and approved by the Board Remuneration 

Committee. Our staff undergo annual performance review 

and receive periodic performance feedbacks from their 

superiors.

We advocate gender diversity in our Board, with one female 

director among our 5 Board members. Ms Ling Chi has 

served as an Independent Director of the Board since 7 

February 2013.

There is a fair  gender ratio between male and female 

employees. We ensure that fair work practices and 

remuneration are ascertained based on individual work 

performance and not on any gender consideration. No form 

of discrimination is tolerated within our organisation.  There 

is no incident of discrimination or corrective actions taken.

Gender Ratio 

FY2017

Female         Male             

57.3%

42.7%57



+43



+t





ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 23



Below 30 Years 

15.4%

31 to 40 Years 

34.4%

41 to 55 Years 

38.3%

Above 56 Years 

11.8%




2+18+15+45+20+t

Our strategy for recruitment and retention of talents include 

cooperation with professional institutions, talent pool 

development and retention, and staff grievance mechanism.

In terms of employee skills profile, we have maintained a 

fair proportion of professional and management team to 

lead and drive the business growth in our three business 

segments

Our business is highly dependent on senior experienced 

staff who have been in the energy trading and retail 

businesses. Through the organic growth of complementary 

businesses over the years, we have also strengthened the 

retention of our pool of senior staff whose professional 

expertise and strong customer relationship has been critical 

in the sustainable success of our energy trading and retail 

business.

Dyneff France employs approximately 310 permanent staff 

to run its daily activities. Around 400 temporary workers are 

moreover employed each year, mainly during the summer, 

to cater for the high seasonality of the petrol stations activity, 

especially on highways. 

We are continuously on the lookout for promising talent, 

particularly younger talents and grooming them through 

mentorship and on-the-job training programme.

We focus on retention of talents by providing fair and 

sustainable ﬁnancial and non-ﬁnancial incentives, and 

learning and development opportunities. Our compensation 

and beneﬁts policies are determined by guidelines proposed 

by our Human Resource and approved by the Remuneration 

Committee of our Board. 

We practise equal opportunities for skills training and career 

development in 2017.

SOCIAL

1.9%

18.5%

14%

45.5%

20.1%

PMET Classification for Staff FY2017

Directors    

 

1.9%

Managers / Executives         18.5%

Professional 

 

14.0%

Technical  

 

45.5%

Others 

 

 

20.1%

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 24


SOCIAL

Training &amp; Staff Development

In France, we are very active on social media, we have 

developed partnerships with local universities, and we offer 

work/study training programs for students in order to attract 

the right talents. In order to retain our talents, we have 

developed an attractive social policy (see section on social 

policy and dialogue), and we provide career advancement 

opportunities to our employees. This can be materialized 

by a continual ladder progression and/or by the opportunity 

for transversal job changes from one division to another. 

Our employees also have the opportunity to be involved 

in transversal actions / projects involving several divisions 

within Dyneff.

It is also critical to make sure that our employees have the 

right competencies to perform their job and can continually 

improve and develop their capabilities. To this end we 

have implemented a mandatory training and integration 

programme for every new permanent employee, during 

which the newcomer spends time in every department of 

One of our main challenge is to attract and retain talents. To 

this end, we have developed and we actively communicate 

on our employer brand and our company values. 

AnAn International's employee handbook outlines our 

human resource policies and programmes including training 

and staff development for our global operations. We will be 

reviewing our training and staff development roadmap in the 

next 1 to 3 years. 

the company in order to obtain a thorough understanding 

of our business activities. We deliver several internal training 

programs for our employees: in 2017, a total of 4,673 hours 

of training were delivered to 154 employees, representing 

44% of our workforce. We also encourage knowledge 

sharing to develop versatility among our teams. An example 

of initiative taken in this regard is the ‘job conference at 

lunch’, during which an employee presents its job and 

competences to colleagues from other departments during 

lunch break.

An annual performance evaluation system is also in place: 

in 2017, 78% of Dyneff employees received an annual 

performance review in order assess their performance and 

determine the need for further competence development. 

In addition, a professional interview is conducted every two 

years in order to discuss advancement opportunities.

In collaboration with IDRAC Business School, we have 

moreover established the “Campus Dyneff” for commercial 

managers. The purpose of the campus is to develop internal 

talent using the expertise of the IDRAC Business School’s 

continuing education department. A dedicated educational 

program has been developed, leading to a certified diploma 

in commercial management. This training is part of the 

human resources strategy of the company to recognize its 

employees, share good practices, deliver professional tools 

and encourage employees to surpass themselves.

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 25


Health and Safety

The Group is committed to embracing the highest standards 

of Workplace, Safety and Health (“WSH”) and environmental 

practices and inculcating the best practices in AnAn. We 

are guided by steadfast commitment to our employees for a 

safe working environment in which one can work and excel 

with full confidence. 

SOCIAL

We have focused our health and safety reporting on Dyneff 

where the Health &amp; Safety management of the petrol 

distribution network  are critical for the protection of the 

welfare of our employees and our customers.

For AnAn, protecting the health and safety of our employees 

and contractors is a key priority. At Dyneff, our HSE (Health, 

Safety and Environment) division has developed specific 

expertise and systems for the company in this area.

The main health and safety risks from our activities include 

fire and explosion, exposure to chemicals (in particular 

volatile hydrocarbons), aggression, transportation accident, 

electrical risk and mechanical risk (handling, fall, cut). Health 

and safety risks for all our sites and activities are identified 

and assessed in the unified document for risk evaluation, 

taking into consideration existing controls and potential 

improvements. The unified document is updated every other 

year and includes since 2015 the psycho-social risks.

The following initiatives have been implemented in order to 

mitigate and manage our health and safety risks:

A safety welcome booklet is distributed to every new 

employee;

Safety training is delivered to employees depending on 

their position and the risks they are exposed to;

Daily and annual prevention plans are developed and 

implemented;

A permit to work system is in place for specific activities, 

including a fire permit system for any operation involving 

an open flame;

Incidents are systematically investigated;

Health and safety bulletins are communicated to all 

employees when important information have to be shared;

Appropriate personal protection equipment (PPE) are 

provided to employees depending on their tasks, and can 

be autonomously ordered by employees when they need 

to be replaced;

Quarterly meetings of the health and safety company 

committee are conducted in order to discuss health and 

safety issues and follow-up on action plan progress;

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

The number of work accidents for Dyneff employees in 2017 

shows a continual reduction in the number of accidents 

over the past 5 years. There have been 19 recordable work 

incidents in 2017, including 11 lost time incidents and 8 

medical treatment cases. These accidents led to a total 

number of 231 lost man-days.

General Health and Safety Management

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 26

An audit on difficult working conditions was conducted, 

including several risk factors such as noise, vibration, 

chemicals, work at night, shift work, etc.;

An internal challenge around work safety is organized with 

quizzes and rewards.

Breakdown of Types of Workplace Accident

FY2017

Impact Measurement for Workplace Accidents 

FY2017

Lost Time Incidents  

Medical Cases 

 

Lost Man-days      





Type of Accident

231

8

11





300

200

100

0

Chemical

Fall from height

Aggression

Fall from ground

Road accident

Others (e.g. Fainting/allergies)

Petrol station activity: 

service and maintenance















1 1

2

4

2

4

5















6

5

4

3

2

1

0


SOCIAL

The explosion and fire risk is the most critical safety risk in 

our oil depots and petrol stations, and is therefore subject 

to particular attention. Systems and processes in place in 

order to minimize risk of fire or explosion include light and 

sound alarms, fire and gas detectors, emergency shutdown 

systems, use of infrared thermography to identify hot points 

on electrical systems, firefighting systems (extinguishers, fire 

hydrant), organization of regular emergency drills, periodic 

control of installations by the fire department, firefighting 

training, etc.

Comprising of a mix of owned vehicles and a network of 

partner transportation companies, road logistics is managed 

by a professional fleet guaranteeing a reliable, safe and 

quality delivery service (certified to ISO9001). The 70 trucks 

of this fleet are compliant with the requirements of the 

European agreement on hazardous materials transportation 

by road, and are fitted with the latest technological features.

All employees are subject to medical health checks every 

4 years, with the frequency increased to every 2 years for 

employees exposed to increased risk levels (such as drivers 

or employees working on oil depots/ petrol stations). 

A voluntary approach was taken to monitor level of 

exposure to benzene for employees working on oil depots 

and in petrol stations in 2015-2016. The results showed no 

exceedance with health standards.

No explosion incident has been recorded at Dyneff sites to 

date. Minor fire incidents have occurred in the recent history 

of Dyneff, all linked to customer’s vehicles on petrol stations 

and all quickly managed by the use of fire extinguishers with 

no person injured and no impact to our installations.

Safety is ensured all along the delivery chain through drivers 

training, safety protocols, regular renewal of the fleet, on-

board IT systems, and geolocation. Controls and audits are 

continually performed by the logistics department.

An internal sports association was created in order to 

promote healthy lifestyles among employees, and currently 

has around 40 members. Sports activities (such as 

challenges, races, etc) are regularly organized. Opportunities 

to improve health conditions in the workplace are also 

assessed. As an example, all employees were provided with 

a swiss ball as an alternative to the standard desk chairs.

Explosion and Fire Safety

Road Safety

Promotion of Healthy Lifestyle

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 27


Labour-Management Relations

It is important to have effective communication between 

management and employees, so that employees are more 

engaged with the organisation, and have a more positive 

attitude towards their work and loyalty to AnAn. They are 

provided with frequent management updates and adequate 

notice period regarding operational changes.

We often engage our employees in the following ways:

• Monthly Meetings

   Monthly meetings with the management team are held to 

   discuss operations reviews.

• Quarterly Meetings 

   Management conducts quarterly meetings for the Board 

   of Directors to discuss on business development and

   ﬁnance.

• Informal Small Group Meetings 

Meetings are often held by management to listen and 

understand our employees’ concerns and grievances.

There is currently one single trade union representing all 

Dyneff employees. We also have an employee representative 

committee which is elected every four years and serves two 

purposes:

SOCIAL

At Dyneff, we have a range of collective agreements in 

place, which are applicable to all our employees and which 

go beyond the minimum mandatory requirements. 

Benefits provided to our employees and covered by these 

agreements include a life insurance policy covering disability, 

invalidity and death; a comprehensive health insurance 

cover (e.g. even covering osteopathy); a complementary 

and supplementary pension scheme; a company savings 

plan with attractive returns; a profit-sharing agreement; an 

employee discount on fuel sold at Dyneff petrol stations 

and on gas sold by Dyneff; a participation by Dyneff to 

employees’ public transportation costs; and luncheon 

vouchers which are 60% financed by Dyneff. We also 

provide flexible working time arrangements for office staff 

and for petrol stations’ personnel (annualized working time 

to cater for the seasonality of this activity).

Our Health, Safety and Work Conditions Committee meets 

on a quarterly basis in order to discuss and take actions on 

any issue related to health, safety or working conditions. 

This Committee moreover conducts regular inspections on 

all our sites.

We do not conduct formal employee feedback surveys, but 

our employees are encouraged to report any grievances 

to their line manager and/or to the human resources 

department. It is also the role of staff representatives to 

report grievances to the management. The anonymous 

whistleblower system is moreover an additional channel for 

reporting any misconduct or other issues.

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 28

Ensure employees’ collective expression in any 

company decision regarding work organization, training, 

organizational or technical changes, etc.; and

Provide social and cultural benefits to employees (e.g. gift 

certificates, grouped orders, discounts on cultural events 

or holiday packages).

• 

• 


Local Communities Engagement

In France, Dyneff endeavors to support the local 

communities where the company is active. Dyneff has for 

example been an official partner of the Montpellier Hérault 

Sporting Club since 2009, and is an official sponsor of an 

association which promotes rehabilitation through sport for 

prison inmates. Locally, our commercial agencies support 

and/or participate in local activities such as fairs, cultural 

events, etc.

Complaints from local communities are systematically 

recorded and handled in order to maintain a sound 

relationship with our neighbors. There has not been any 

SOCIAL

complaints from local communities related to our activities 

(e.g. noise, odors, lighting) in 2017, and there is no 

ongoing litigation with neighbors. In the recent history of 

the company, there have been two recorded complaints 

regarding nuisances supposedly originating from Dyneff 

activities at our petrol stations: one related to noise from 

truck unloading activities, and one related to hydrocarbon 

odors. In both cases the complaints were discussed with 

the complainants, investigated (with involvement of the 

local authorities in one case), and quickly resolved after 

demonstrating that the issue was resolved.

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 29

Being a responsible corporate citizen, we believe in giving 

back to society.  While we strive to achieve our business 

goals, we also believe in playing our part in serving our local 

community. 

Our commitment to the environmental sustainability and 

conservation begins with our support for the energy saving 

certificates in France. 

In terms of investment, Dyneff spends around €30 millions 

each year in all energy-saving  programmes approved by 

Customer Privacy &amp; Data Protection

Corporate Social Responsibility

The nature of our investment and real estate business 

warrants high level of security and confidentiality of our 

clients’ personal data as well as the business transactions 

they have undertaken.

We adhere strictly to relevant data protection regulations, 

including the EU Data Protection Directive and Singapore's 

Data Protection Act 2012. We have invested to ensure our 

IT system meets the required standards for IT security.

There is no case of substantiated concerns of breaches of 

customer privacy reported.

authorities ( e.g. attic insulation, condensing boiler, double 

glazing). We put in extra efforts by taking over all or parts of 

the energy-saving works to be carried out by our business 

partners in order to benefit of our end consumers.

The Group plans to contribute business and community 

initiatives in the next 1-3 years.

Business Partner &amp; Stakeholder Engagement

We actively engage our business partners and stakeholders 

regularly to keep them abreast of the developments of our 

businesses.

Please see the section on Accountability to Stakeholders on 

page 4 for more information.


Topic Specific Standard Disclosure

Page Reference

Organisational Profile

102-1

Name of the organization.

2

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

2

102-3

Location of headquarters

2

102-4

Location of operations

2

102-5

Ownership and legal form

2-3

102-6

Markets served

2-3

102-7

Scale of the organization

2-3

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

22-25

102-10

Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain

 

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

 6-7

Strategy 

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

 1

102-15

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

 1

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior

13-15

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics

13-15

Governance 

102-18

Governance structure

6

102-19

Delegating authority

6

102-20

Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, 

and social topics

6

102-21

Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, 

and social topics

6

102-22

Composition of the highest governance body and its committees

6

102-23

Chair of the highest governance body

6

102-24

Nominating and selecting the highest governance body

6

102-25

Conflicts of interest

6

102-26

Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values, 

and strategy

6

102-27

Collective knowledge of highest governance body

6

102-28

Evaluating the highest governance body’s performance

6

102-29

Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social 

impacts

6

102-30

Effectiveness of risk management processes

14

102-31

Review of economic, environmental, and social topics

10-30

102-32

Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting

6

102-33

Communicating critical concerns

8

102-34

Nature and total number of critical concerns

9

102-35

Remuneration policies

24

102-36

Process for determining remuneration

24

102-37

Stakeholders’ involvement in remuneration

24

GRI Content Index 

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 30


Topic Specific Standard Disclosure

Page Reference 

Stakeholder Engagement  

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

8

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

8

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

8

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

8

Reporting Practice 

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

3

102-46

Defining report content and topic Boundaries

5-7

102-47

List of material topics

9

102-48

Restatements of information

N.A. This is our first report

102-49

Changes in reporting

N.A. This is our first report

102-50

Reporting period

7

102-51

Date of most recent report

7

102-52

Reporting cycle

7

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

Contents page 

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

6

102-55

GRI content index

30-33

Management Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

6-7, 9

103-2

The management approach and its components

6-7

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

6-7

Specific Standard Disclosures

Category: Economic

Topic: Economic Performance

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

10-11

Topic: Market Presence

202-2

Proportion of senior management hired from the local community

24

Topic: Anti-corruption 

 

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption

13-15

205-2

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and 

procedures

13-15

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

13-15

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 31

Topic: Energy 

302-1

Energy consumption within the organization

17

Topic: Water 

303-1

Water withdrawal by source

20

Topic: Emissions  

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

17

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

17

Topic: Effluents and Waste

306-1

Water discharge by quality and destination

20

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

20

306-3

Significant spills

21

306-4

Transport of hazardous waste

21


Topic Specific Standard Disclosure

Page Reference 

Topic: Labor/Management Relations 

402-1

Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes

28

Topic: Occupational Health and Safety 

 

403-1

Workers representation in formal joint management–worker health 

and safety committees

26

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost 

days, and absenteeism, and number of work-related fatalities

26

403-3

Workers with high incidence or high risk of diseases related to 

their occupation

26-27

404-4

Health and safety topics covered in formal agreements with trade 

unions

26-27

Topic: Training and Education 

 

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

25

404-2

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance 

programs

25

404-3

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and 

career development reviews

25

Topic: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

 

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

22

Topic: Non-discrimination 

 

406-1

Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken

22

Topic: Local Communities 

 

413-1

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programs

29

413-2

Operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts 

on local communities

29

ANAN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2017 32

Topic: Customer Health and Safety 

 

416-1

Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and 

service categories

26-27

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety 

impacts of products and services

26-27

Aspect: Marketing and Labeling 

 

417-1

Requirements for product and service information and labeling

14

417-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service 

information and labeling

14

417-3

Incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing 

communications

14

Aspect: Customer Privacy 

 

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer 

privacy and losses of customer data

29

Aspect: Socioeconomic Compliance  

 

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and 

economic area

28

Note: 

AnAn takes a phased approach to the adoption of GRI indicators and will review the relevance of indicators marked as N.A.to 

its operations annually.

