


ANCHOR

RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY

REPORT



2019



ANCHOR RESOURCES

LIMITED

(Registration No. 201531549N)

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)

This sustainability report has been prepared by Anchor Resources Limited (the “Company”) and its contents

have been reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, UOB Kay Hian Private Limited (the “Sponsor”) for

compliance with the relevant rules of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing

Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist.

This sustainability report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes no

responsibility for the contents of this sustainability report, including the accuracy, completeness or

correctness of any of the information, statements or opinions made or reports contained in this

sustainability report.

The contact persons for the Sponsor is Mr Lance Tan, Senior Vice President at 8 Anthony Road, #01-01

Singapore 229957, telephone (65) 6590 6881.


Page 1 of 24

CONTENTS

BOARD STATEMENT

2

CORPORATE INFORMATION

3 - 4

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE

5

KEY STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

6

MATERIAL TOPICS AND BOUNDARIES

7

KEY MATERIAL TOPICS

-

ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

8 -13

-

SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

14 - 19

-

GOVERNANCE

20

GRI CONTENT INDEX

21 - 22


Page 2 of 24

BOARD STATEMENT

The Board of Directors (“Board”) is pleased to present Anchor Resources Limited’s (the

“Company” or “ARL”) Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2019

(“FY2019”).

This report covers data and information for FY2019 and has been prepared in accordance

with the widely recognised Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: Core Option as well

as on a “Comply and Explain” basis pursuant to Rules 711A and 711B as well as Practice

Note 7F of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual

Section B: Rules of Catalist. The data and information provided have not been verified by an

independent third party.

With the full support from the Board, Management establishes the policies and practices to

address and manage the material environment, social and governance (“ESG”) factors. The

Board having considered sustainability issues as part of its strategic formulation, has

determined the material ESG factors and through the Management team, overseen the

managing and monitoring of the material ESG factors.

ARL is one of the companies engaged in mining in Terengganu, Malaysia, being involved in

both gold mining and granite dimension stone quarrying. As one of the major players in the

mining industry, ARL strives to enhance shareholder value and maintain cordial relationships

with the local communities in the areas that ARL operates in. With our continuous efforts in

having a sustainable operating model, ARL looks forward to sustainable growth for our

businesses in the coming years.


Page 3 of 24

CORPORATE INFORMATION

Anchor Resources Limited (the “Company”) is a public limited liability company, incorporated

and domiciled in Singapore and its registered office and principal place of business are 80

Robinson Road #17-02, Singapore 068898 and C-3A-9-10, 11 &amp; 12, Block C, Pusat

Komersial Southgate, No. 2, Jalan Dua, Off Jalan Chan Sow Lin, 55200, Kuala Lumpur

Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia respectively. The Company is listed on the Catalist Board of

the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”). The registration number of the

Company is 201531549N.

The principal activity of the Company is that of an investment holding company.



Details of our subsidiaries as at 31 December 2019 are as follows:

Name of

Company

Date and

country of

incorporation

Principal activities

Principal

place of

business

Effective

equity interest

held by our

Group

Angka Alamjaya

Sdn.Bhd. (‘AASB’)

09-Sep-11

Malaysia

Gold and related mineral mining,

consultant and contractor of natural

resources

Malaysia

100.00%

Angka Mining

Sdn. Bhd.

(“AMSB”)

30-May-14

Malaysia

Gold and related mineral mining

consultancy

Malaysia

100.00%

Angka

Marketing Pte.

Ltd. (“AMPL”)

27-Jul-17

Singapore

Business and management consultancy

services

Singapore

100.00%

GGTM Sdn. Bhd.

(“GGTM”)

04-Apr-10

Malaysia

Exploration, mining and production of

granite dimension stone for sales as well as

architectural stone and interior fit-out

Malaysia

100.00%

Stonetrade Sdn.

Bhd ("STSB")

08-May-18

Malaysia

Exploration, quarrying activities,

construction, manufacturing, processing,

cutting and polishing of dimension stone,

granite stone, marble, aggregates and

related products

Malaysia

100.00%

None of our subsidiaries are listed on any stock exchange.


Page 4 of 24

BUSINESS SEGMENTS

For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their products

and services. The Group’s reportable segments are as follows:

(i)

Gold mining, which includes exploration, mining and production of gold as well as

processing of tailings.

(ii)

Granite business, which includes exploration, mining, quarry extraction, processing and

sales of granite products and dimension stone granites as well as architectural stone and

interior fit-out.

iii)

Corporate &amp; others, which includes investment holding company as well as business and

management consulting services.

Except as indicated above, no operating segments have been aggregated to form the above

reportable segment. Management monitors the operating results of its business units

separately for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance

assessment. Segment results, assets and liabilities include items directly attributable to a

segment as well as those that can be allocated on a reasonable basis.

GEOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION

During FY2019, the Group operated mainly in Terengganu, Malaysia and all non-current

assets are located in Terengganu, Malaysia.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS

The sales of semi-processed gold concentrate ore to a China customer in FY2019 representing

95% of the Group’s total revenue.


Page 5 of 24

SUSTAINABILITY

GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE

ARL supports ethical and sustainable business practices leading to a healthy corporate culture.

We

recognise

the

importance

of

a

strong

sustainability

governance

structure.

Our

sustainability governance structure is as depicted below.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

SENIOR MANAGEMENT

OPERATIONAL MANAGEMENT

The roles of each level of the structure are as follows:

Board:

The Board oversees the formation of strategies and their implementation.

Senior Management:

ARL senior management comprises of the Managing Director and the Chief Financial Officer.

They set the strategies and action plans relating to sustainability topics to be presented to the

Board for approval.

Operational management:

The operational management team consists of the various heads of department. The team

implements and executes the approved strategies and the day-to-day operations and meets

on a monthly basis where sustainability topics are discussed alongside other operational

matters. The team also reports to Senior Management, the results of operational activities and

sustainability topics.


Page 6 of 24

KEY STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

ARL noted that different stakeholders are important to the Company to varying degrees.

While some stakeholders can influence the actions of the Company, there are also others that

have less or little influence on the Company, and yet are impacted by the actions of the

Company. ARL considers it important for the Company to actively engage all stakeholders

and to receive feedback on the impacts, or potential impacts, of the Company’s actions.

After due consideration, ARL has summarised in the table below, the key stakeholders, the

methods of engagement, the key concerns for each stakeholder and the ways ARL addresses

their concerns.

Stakeholder

Method of Engagement

Key Concerns

Key Concerns

addressed in the

following sections

Government /

Authorities /

Regulators /

Municipals &amp; other

Government Linked

Bodies



Third party consultants



Meetings when

necessary



Correspondence



Environmental

impacts



Regulatory

Compliance



Environmental

responsibility

Shareholders



Annual General

Meeting



Annual Reports



Company’s

Announcements



Financial

Performance



Economic

performance



Annual Report

2019

Employees



Meetings



Health and Safety

Activities



Correspondence



Workplace

health &amp; safety



Employee

diversity



Our people



Occupational

Health &amp;

Safety

Local Communities



Corporate Social

Responsibility (“CSR”)

Activities



Employment



Financial support



Corporate

Social

Responsibility

Management

Suppliers &amp;

Contractors



Meetings on periodic

basis



Correspondence



Local &amp; oversea

procurement with

quotation

requests



Workplace

health &amp; safety



Procurement

practices



Occupational

Health &amp;

Safety


Page 7 of 24

MATERIAL TOPICS AND

BOUNDARIES

ARL, in the study and identification of the material topics, is guided by the GRI Reporting

framework which best reflects the Group’s commitments. The interests of the stakeholders were

considered along with the overall operations of the Company. ARL determined the materiality

of its sustainability topics solely based on the level of ARL’s impact on the environmental, social

and governance of its area of operation and surroundings. The material topics are expanded

upon in the various sections.

ARL’s mining operations have potential impacts on the land, air, water and ecosystems of the

surrounding areas as well as significant economic, social and cultural impacts on the local

communities in the areas that ARL operates in. Based on the above, ARL has identified its Key

Material Topics as below:

Material Topics

Boundaries (Country or Entity)

ENVIRONMENTAL

GRI 302: Energy

Malaysian Entities

GRI 303: Water

GRI 306: Effluents &amp; Waste

GRI 307: Environmental Targets and

Compliance

GRI 308: Supplier Environment Assessment

SOCIAL

GRI 401: Employment

Malaysian Entities

GRI 403: Occupational Health &amp; Safety

GRI 404: Training and Education

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity

GRI 406: Non-discrimination

GRI 413: Local Communities

GOVERNANCE

GRI 204: Procurement Practices

Malaysian Entities

GRI 205: Anti-corruption

Group-wide

This report focuses on the entities engaged in the mining and quarrying operations which are

Angka Alamjaya Sdn. Bhd. (“AASB”) and GGTM Sdn. Bhd. (“GGTM”).


Page 8 of 24

Key Material Topics

1. ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

Our operations are subjected to compliance of an extensive set of laws and regulations

governing environmental protection. All of our operations require a variety of permits and

licenses approvals from the government agencies. Key laws and regulations are related to air

emissions, noise level, river water quality, waste management and chemicals storage.

As a mining and quarrying company, ARL has a fundamental responsibility to manage the

impact of its operations on the environment. To accomplish ARL’s environmental policy, we

conducted environmental impact assessments and implemented environmental management

plans for both the Lubuk Mandi (Gold Mine) and Bukit Chetai (Granite Dimension Stone) sites.

We continue to work closely with the environmental consultant to minimise any impact on the

environment and to be in compliance with the guidelines from the Department of Environment,

Terengganu (“DOE”).

ENERGY – DIESEL AND ELECTRICITY

ARL’s gold mining and granite dimension stone quarrying

operations are energy intensive. Both sites used diesel and

electricity in their daily operations. The group is trying to

minimize its energy consumption to reduce the carbon

footprint of our mining operations.

In AASB gold mining, diesel and electricity have been used

for the activities as below:



Earthmoving activities to excavate and transport tailing

materials to tailings processing plant.



Tailings processing plant operation to produce semi processed gold concentrate ore from

tailing materials.



Underground mining activities, including construction of a horizontal tunnel complex

measuring approximately 220 meters in length for underground mining and dewatering of

the old mining pit.



Mine road maintenance leading to improvements for the safety of vehicles travelling within

the mine site.

At GGTM’s granite dimension stone operation, the

energy usage were mainly for:



Excavation

works

of

overburden,

earthmoving

activities and block cutting at the quarry face.



Mine road maintenance leading to improvements for






Page 9 of 24

the safety of vehicles travelling within the quarry.



Terengganu Green and Sekayu White stones manufacturing at the factory.

Earthmoving activities for the two sites are the main contributor to diesel usage. The Group is

working together with its contractor(s) to have well laid out production plans to avoid any

unnecessary earthmoving and reduce inefficiency or redundancy.

At the Lubuk Mandi site, the tailing processing plant uses electrical power from Tenaga

Nasional Berhad (instead of using diesel powered electrical generators) to produce gold

concentrate thereby greatly reducing the carbon dioxide emission at the site. The usage of

electricity in the Lubuk Mandi site increased 42% in FY2019 compared to FY2018, mainly due

to the higher volume of operations.

At the Bukit Chetai site, the Group was unable to procure high current supply from Tenaga

Nasional Berhad, and thus relied on diesel powered electrical generators resulting in higher

CO2 emissions. The manufacturing of dimension stones is therefore carefully planned to make

efficient use of the electrical power generated. The usage of electricity in the quarry is mainly

at the production area and site office.

Overall, the Group’s usage of electricity and diesel recorded for the reporting period are

3,327,078 kwh and 173,570 litres respectively. The increase in the energy consumption in

FY2019 was mainly due to the increase in the production volume at the gold mine during the

year. However, GGTM recorded a decrease in diesel consumption of 58,377 litres in FY2019.






Page 10 of 24






Page 11 of 24






Page 12 of 24

GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS

Our operations require certain energy inputs, which result in a variety of emissions, including

greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. In turn, GHGs are integrally linked to climate change, which

is one of the world’s most pressing challenges.

The Group is committed to being part of the global solution to this challenge. By effectively

managing our energy needs, ARL may contribute to the reduction in GHG emissions across its

mining and quarry sites and collectively help achieve global reduction targets for GHG

emissions.

At the Lubuk Mandi site, carbon dioxide emissions increased due to higher volumes of

production which resulted in the increase in processing plant production hours. On the other

hand, at the Bukit Chetai site, carbon dioxide emissions decreased due to lower diesel and

electricity usage.






Page 13 of 24

WATER AND EFFLUENTS:

As a mining and quarrying company, ARL recognizes the critical importance of water

management to ensure the efficient, safe and sustainable use of water and the protection of

water resources and ecosystem around its sites. In order not to adversely impact the

environment, the Lubuk Mandi and Bukit Chetai sites recycle water used in operations by way

of a closed water system. Effluents from both the gold mining and the granite dimension stone

operations are stored within ponds at sites.

Water used for the activities of AASB and GGTM are as follows:

Lubuk Mandi Gold Mine (AASB)

Bukit Chetai Granite Dimension Stone (GGTM)



Operations of tailing plant to produce semi

processed gold concentrated ore



Hygiene purposes



Excavation of granite rocks and production

of granite blocks



Slabbing and sizing to granite strip-slabs

and to granite tiles



Hygiene purposes

During the reporting period, the Lubuk Mandi site used 25,705 m3 of water (FY2018: 26,794

m3) supplied by Syarikat Air Terengganu Sdn. Bhd. While the Bukit Chetai site relied on

capturing, storing and using rainfall runoff only. Using the closed water system, ARL stores the

effluents within the mines to minimise water withdrawal, and thus avoid discharging waste

water or effluents into the surrounding waterways.

ENVIRONMENTAL TARGETS AND COMPLIANCE

The Group has complied with local environment laws and regulation where it operates. To

monitor and control the environmental issues regularly and on a timely basis, ARL has

appointed a licensed third-party environmental consultant, Sukikawa Environmental Sdn. Bhd.

(“Sukikawa”) as its consultant. Sukikawa conducted periodic site inspections which reports

were duly submitted to various authorities for compliance purposes.

During FY2019, there was no incidents of non-compliance with environmental laws and

regulations at either of the Group’s operational sites

SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENT ASSESSMENT

ARL’s operations team hold weekly meetings with contractors to discuss site issues, including

any environmental related issues. Any environmental concerns are communicated directly to

the contractors through the site operations manager, and actions are taken after consulting

Sukikawa.

Environmental Performance in FY2019

FY 2019 Target

Performance Updates

Zero discharge of waste water or effluents into the

surrounding waterways.

Zero waste water or effluents discharge.

Environmental Target in FY2020

FY 2020 Target

Action Plan


Page 14 of 24

Zero discharge of waste water or effluents into the

surrounding waterways.

Conduct monitoring to ensure zero

discharge of waste water.

Reduce fuel and electricity consumption.

Work together with contractors to be

efficient in operations.

2. SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

OUR PEOPLE

Employment

ARL provides equal employment opportunities without discriminating on the basis of gender,

ethnicity, colour, religion, and age. This non-discrimination policy is embedded in ARL’s hiring

and employment practices such as wages, promotions, rewards and access to training; ARL is

fully committed to maintaining a safe and healthy work environment for its staff.

ARL seeks to continuously improve its safety policies and will provide regular safety education

and training to ensure staff are well informed and adhering to safety policies and procedures.

The graphs below show the employee profiles by gender, age group and Terengganu

residents.




Page 15 of 24






Page 16 of 24

Employee Benefits and Development

ARL aspires to create a work environment where employees are engaged and provided

career growth and learning opportunities. The key to building a better business culture is to

keep employees engaged. By increasing engagement, the Group can drive worker retention.

ARL implements and adheres to best practises regarding employee engagement, including fair

remuneration, employee benefits, training and career/job development programs. The Group

complies with local labour regulations and its

employees are remunerated above minimum wage.

ARL seeks to develop the skills and expertise of its

employees on a continuous basis through active

employee relations, communication, technology and

professional learning. Employees have access to a

variety of training options including on-the-job

training, short training programs, seminars and team

building which help to boost their skills and position

them in good stead to take up challenges in the

challenging business environments that the Group

operates

in.

Review

the

skills

of

our

current

workforce

against

future

business

requirements

allow ARL to take steps to train employees in the

skills required for advancement. ARL also institute

recognition programs such as staff team building

albeit on a small group. During the year, ARL

employees in Malaysia participated in over 456

hours of training programme.

Besides, ARL also recognises that timely and effective performance evaluation empowers

employees to give their best. As such, managers and their team members meet at least once a

year to review their performance.

The Group takes responsibility for the well-being of its employees and provides them with

adequate healthcare benefits. Our Malaysian employees are entitled to Group personal

accident and Group hospitalisation, surgical insurance and medical benefits.

In FY2019, employee turnover rate was 22.67%, which is lower than 40.23% in FY2018.




Page 17 of 24

PROCUREMENT PRACTICES

ARL recognize that one of the primary benefits of our operations is the substantial local

business opportunities available for local stakeholders. By maximizing local procurement

expenditure, ARL can play an even greater role as a catalyst for social and economic

development in our host communities.

ARL is supportive of local businesses and strive to obtain supplies and services from local

merchants, contractors and consultants provided that local merchants are able to offer

competitive prices and commercial terms; and that the local contractors and consultants are

able to provide competent services or consultancy.

The Company is guided by the Group’s “Policies and Procedures for Procurement” document

to ensure that cost effective, efficient and sustainable procurement is attained.

During FY2019, ARL has, whenever possible, procured from local businesses and in relation to

the mines, the percentage of procurement by ARL is 67.61% from Terengganu suppliers and

consultants.

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

There are a variety of safety and health hazards and risks associated with mining operations.

If not managed effectively, such risks can have significant consequences for our employees,

contractors, communities and our business as a whole.

The health and safety of ARL staff is the highest priority within the company. ARL’s

commitments are based on a belief that all workers should go home safely after every shift;

our safety policy is applicable to all our employees and contractors and across all of our

operations.

In FY2019, ARL formed an emergency response team by integrating workers from ARL and

the Group’s contractors. It serves as the team to re-act on emergency situations that occur on-

site. This will vastly reduce the injuries or fatalities if any emergency situation occurs. In

addition, the emergency response plan is formulated to be applied to different scenarios.

All new workers, visitors and suppliers’ and contractor workers are given a safety briefing by

either the certified safety officer or safety supervisors before they are allowed into the mining

areas and/or the processing plants. Refresher briefings for the employees are also carried

out on, at least, an annual basis. Appropriate personal protective equipment (“PPE”) are

provided to both employees and visitors. Suppliers’ workers are required to be equipped with

the appropriate PPE. ARL employs safety officers or safety supervisors to maintain safety

measures, including putting up safety signage to remind the workers of the safety matters. On

an annual basis, ARL reports the Safety and Health status of the mines to the Department of

Occupational Safety and Health.


Page 18 of 24

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY MANAGEMENT

ARL recognizes the importance of establishing sound relationships with communities. Robust

relationships built on a foundation of trust are critical throughout the entire mining cycle, from

exploration and development through to operations and closure.

ARL places importance in maintaining good relations with the local communities. where ever

possible, ARL will assist the local communities through provision of financial support or in any

other matter.

ARL had made donations to an orphanage house “Pertubuhan Kebajikan &amp; Pendidikan Baitul

Sakinah” located in Kuala Terengganu. The donation includes chairs and tables, sundry

supplies, hygiene products and etc.






Page 19 of 24

Social Performance in FY2019

FY 2019 Target

Performance Updates

ARL aims to maintain the non-discriminatory practices in

recruitment as these practices serve the best interests of

the Company.

There are no discriminatory practices in

ARL either in gender, age, race or religion.

ARL will continue the current procurement practices.

Complied with current procurement

practices.

Maintain the safe and healthy work environment with the

various initiatives and to maintain the zero fatality and

zero lost time injury records for FY2019.

In FY2019, ARL achieved zero fatality and

zero lost time injury record.

Engage with the local communities with such support.

ARL contributed to an orphanage house by

donating chairs and tables, hygiene

products, sundry supplies etc.

Social Target in FY2020

FY 2020 Target

Action Plans

No discriminatory practices on the employment.

HR, during interview to practice diversity in

gender, age and race and religion.

Zero occupational health and safety incidents

Conduct regular briefing and send staff to

outside training to increase awareness

regarding workplace health and safety.

Staff continuous professional development

Organise team building, motivational talk

and provide trainings to the staff on the

latest development, knowledge and skill.


Page 20 of 24

3. GOVERNANCE

BUSINESS ETHICS AND ANTI-CORRUPTION

ARL’s Board of Directors mandates a high standard of integrity for all its members and the

company. The Directors and Management are devoted to operating ARL’s business in line with

the highest ethical standards and in compliance with all applicable anti-corruption legal

requirements. In line with this commitment, ARL Managing Director has approved a Malaysian

Anti-Corruption Commission (MACC) Policy (No-Gift Policy (inclusive of Anti-Bribery and

Corruption) and a Whistle-Blowing Policy to support our commitment to ethical business conduct.

ARL’s

Malaysian

Anti-Corruption

Commission

(MACC)

Policy

addresses

anti-corruption

compliance and business integrity issues. This policy applies across our entire organization as

well as to any individual or entity authorized to do work on our behalf. All directors, officers,

and employees are required to acknowledge that they have read and understand this policy.

This value has been communicated during formal and informal communications to all

employees.

ARL’s Whistle-blowing policy outlines framework endorsed by the Audit Committee, where

employees of the Company may, in confidence, raise concerns about possible corporate

improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters by submitting a whistle blowing

report to drwilsontay@gmail.com.

ARL endeavours to ensure that its high standards are not compromised despite its current

challenging operating environment. During the year, there were no cases of bribery activities

that ARL was aware of at the Head Office, Lubuk Mandi and Bukit Chetai sites. There were no

instances of corruption involving any business partners that ARL was aware of and as such,

there were no contracts that had to be terminated by ARL and that could not be renewed.

Governance Performance in FY2019

FY 2019 Target

Performance Updates

ARL aims for zero fraudulent activities for FY2019

Achieved zero fraudulent activities on

FY2019

Governance Target in FY2020

FY 2019 Target

Action Plans


Page 21 of 24

Zero fraudulent activities.

Regular briefing to the staff and official

memo to increase awareness.

GRI CONTENT INDEX – CORE OPTION

GRI Standard

Disclosure Number and Title

Section Reference

GRI 102: General

Disclosures 2016

102-1:

Name of the organisation

Corporate Information

102-2:

Activities, brands, products and

services

Corporate Information

102-3:

Location of headquarters

Corporate Information

102-4:

Location of operations

Corporate Information

102-5:

Ownership and legal form

Corporate Information

102-6:

Markets served

Corporate Information

102-7:

Scale of the organization

Corporate Information

and Our People

102-8:

Information on employees and other

workers

Our People

102-9:

Supply chain

Procurement Practices

102-10:

Significant changes to the

organisation and its supply chain

Corporate Information

102-11:

Precautionary principal or approach

Governance

102-12:

External initiatives

Board Statement

102-13:

Membership of associations

None

102-14:

Statement from senior decision maker

Board Statement

102-16:

Values, principles, standards and

norms of behaviour

Board Statement

102-18:

Governance structure

Governance

102-40:

List of stakeholder groups

Key Stakeholder

Engagement

102-41:

Collective bargaining agreements

N.A.

102-42:

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Key Stakeholder

Engagement

102-43:

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Key Stakeholder

Engagement

102-44:

Key topics and concerns raised

Key Material Topics

102-45:

Entities included in the consolidated

financial statements

Corporate Information

102-46:

Defining report content and topic

boundaries

Board Statement

102-47:

List of material topics

Material Topics and

Boundaries


Page 22 of 24

GRI Standard

Disclosure Number and Title

Section Reference

102-48:

Restatements of information

No Restatement of

Information

102-49:

Changes in reporting

No Changes in Reporting

102-50:

Reporting period

1 January 2019 to 31

December 2019

102-51:

Date of most recent report

30 May 2019

102-52:

Reporting cycle

Annually

102-53:

Contact point for questions regarding

this report

office@anchorresources.c

om.sg

102-54:

Claims of reporting in accordance

with the GRI Standards

Board Statement

102-55:

GRI content index

This section

102-56:

External assurance

No external assurance

GRI 204: Procurement

Practices

204-1

Proportion of spending on local

suppliers

Procurement Practices

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related

to corruption

Business Ethics and Anti-

corruption

205-2

Communication and training on anti-

corruption

policies and procedures

Business Ethics and Anti-

corruption

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and

actions taken

Business Ethics and Anti-

corruption

GRI 302: Energy

DMA

Disclosure of Management Approach

Energy – Diesel and

Electricity

302-1:

Energy consumption within the

organization

GRI 303: Water and

Effluents

303-2:

Management of water discharge-

related impacts

Water and Effluents

GRI 306: Effluents &amp;

Waste

306-1

Water discharge by quality and

destination

Water and Effluents

GRI 307:

Environmental Targets

and Compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental

laws and regulations

Environmental Targets and

Compliance

GRI 308: Supplier

Environmental

Assessment

308-1

Supplier Environmental Assessment

Supplier Environmental

Assessment

GRI 401: Employment

401-1

401-2

New Employee hires and employee

turnover

Benefits provided to full-time

employees that are not provided to

temporary or part-time employees

Employment

Employee benefits and

development

GRI 403:

Occupational Health

and Safety

403-1:

Occupational health and safety

management system

Occupational Health &amp;

Safety

GRI 404: Training and

Education

404-1

404-2

Average hours of training per year

per employee

Programs for upgrading employee

skills and transition assistance

programs

Employee benefits and

development

GRI 405: Diversity and

Equal Opportunity

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and

employees

Employment

GRI 406: Non-

discrimination

406-1

Incidents of discrimination and

corrective action taken

Employment


Page 23 of 24

GRI Standard

Disclosure Number and Title

Section Reference

GRI 413: Local

Communities

413-1

Operation with local community

engagement, impact assessment, and

development programs

Corporate Social

Responsibility

Management

