
1 

 











 

 



AOXIN Q &amp; M DENTAL GROUP LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 










 

2 

 

Contents 

 

Board Statement 

3 

About this Report 

4 

Organisational Profile 

5 

Governance and Sustainability Approach 

20 

Stakeholder Engagement 

23 

Material Sustainability Topics 

24 

 

Economic Performance 

25 

 

Anti-Corruption 

27 

 

Energy 

28 

 Our Employees 

30 

 

Training and Education 

32 

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

35 

 

Local Communities 

38 

SGX Five Primary Components Index 

41 

GRI Content Index 

42 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This Sustainability Report has been reviewed by the Company’s Sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited (the 

“Sponsor”). This Sustainability Report has not been examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (the “Exchange”) and the Exchange assumes no responsibility for the contents of this Sustainability 

Report, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this 

Sustainability Report. 

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr. Ong Hwee Li (Telephone: (65) 6232 3210) at 1 Robinson Road, #21-00 

AIA Tower, Singapore 048542. 


Board Statement 

 

3 

 

 

 

Board Statement 

 

Dear Stakeholders,  

 

Aoxin Q &amp; M Dental Group Limited (“Aoxin Q &amp; 

M” or “Company” and together with our 

subsidiaries, the “Group” or “We”) is pleased to 

present our fourth Sustainability Report for the 

financial year ended 31 December 2020 

(“FY2020”)(the “Report”). In this Sustainability 

Report, we report on the progress of our 

sustainability efforts over the financial year, with 

particular focus on our commitment to working 

alongside our valued stakeholders to build a 

sustainable business.  

 

The Board of Directors (“Board”) of Aoxin Q &amp; M 

oversees 

the 

Environmental, 

Social 

and 

Governance (“ESG”) key factors and ensures that 

issues relating to these ESG matters are 

managed and monitored on a regular basis. The 

Board specifically considers sustainability issues 

as part of its strategic formulation and is 

committed to engaging in the best sustainability 

practices, recognising how it can enhance our 

business operations and performance. 

 

As the world struggles with the challenges faced 

with the COVID-19 pandemic, our response to 

this evolving situation focused on adapting our 

work environment to protect the health and 

safety of our employees through setting up our 

Business Continuity Plan ("BCP"). Establishment 

of COVID-19 control leading teams, formulation 

of emergency plan for COVID-19 prevention and 

control, requirement for employees on duty in 

isolation garment, safe distancing measures, 

daily temperature screening of employees, 

cleaning and sanitisation of the office premises 

more frequently are measures we have put in 

place at the workplace.  

 

The Group’s financial performance for FY2020 

was negatively impacted by the COVID-19 

outbreak, with total revenue decreased by 6% to 

RMB132.6 million for FY2020. This was due to 

the 

directives 

from 

local 

dental 

health 

authorities on suspension of provision of non-

essential dental services in February and March 

2020 to contain the spread of virus infection 

which resulted in significant decrease in patient 

loads as compared to FY2019. Additionally, we 

have closed Jinfeng clinic on 20 May 2020 as our 

cost reduction strategy amid the widespread 

economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

 

Despite the immense challenges due to the 

pandemic, we strive to adapt via pivoting our 

strategies away from the ephemeral and toward 

what we believe will sustainably succeed in post-

pandemic markets. We sincerely thank all our 

partners and stakeholders for their belief in us 

and their unwavering support throughout this 

season. 

 

 

Sincerely,  

Board of Directors  

Aoxin Q &amp; M Dental Group Limited 

 




About this Report 

 

4 

 

We have prepared this Report in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: Core 

Option, as well as the Rules 711A and 711B of Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist Rules”) 

of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) with references to the guidance set out 

in SGX-ST’s sustainability reporting guide under Practice Note 7F of the Catalist Rules. 

 

This Report summarises the Group’s sustainable business operations whilst providing information on ESG 

and economic practices that are material to the Group’s business and key stakeholders. 

 

We have not sought external assurance for this Report. We relied on internal data monitoring and 

verification to ensure accuracy. As part of our environmental conservation efforts, this Report has been 

uploaded 

to 

SGXNET 

and 

is 

available 

for 

download 

at 

our 

Company’s 

website 

at 

http://www.aoxinqm.com.sg. 

 





This Report has been prepared 

in accordance with the Catalist 

Rules 711A and 711B, and the 

GRI Standards – Core Option.

Standards





This Report focuses on the 

Group’s sustainability efforts 

and strategies for FY2020 

across the Group’s operations 

in the Northern People's 

Republic of China ("PRC") 

where the principal activities 

of the Group are carried out.

Review Period





We are committed to listening 

to our stakeholders and we 

value your feedback. Please 

send your feedback and 

enquiries to: 

http://www.aoxinqm.com.sg/c

ontact-us_en.php

Feedback channel


Organisational Profile 

 

5 

 

Background 

 

The Company was listed on the Catalist Board of the SGX-ST on 26 April 2017, with the business being 

categorised into three segments: 

 

 

 

 

Primary Healthcare

•Practice of 

stomatology and 

general dentistry, 

endodontics, 

orthodontics, 

periodontics, 

prosthodontics, 

dental implantology, 

oral and maxillofacial 

surgery, aesthetic 

dentistry and 

paedodontics, as well 

as the management 

of dental centers for 

and on behalf of 

other owners.



Distribution of Dental Equipment and Supplies

•Distribution of 

equipment and 

supplies used in the 

provision of dental 

services.



Laboratory Services

•Manufacturing of 

porcelain crown, 

bridges and 

dentures.




Organisational Profile 

 

6 

 

Background (Cont’d) 

 

 

We continue to maintain our market position as one of the leading dental service providers in the Liaoning 

Province, Northern PRC.  

However, due to the widespread economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have closed Jinfeng 

clinic on 20 May 2020 as our cost reduction strategy. Hence, there are currently 16 dental centres, 

comprising 6 dental hospitals and 10 dental polyclinics. The dental centres are located in 8 different cities 

in Liaoning Province, Northern PRC, namely, Shenyang, Huludao, Panjin, Gaizhou, Zhuanghe, Jinzhou, 

Dalian and Anshan. The Group’s dental equipment and supplies distribution network covers the Liaoning, 

Heilongjiang and Jilin Provinces in the Northern PRC. There are currently 400 dental professionals, 

comprising 170 dentists and 180 dental surgery assistants and 50 laboratory technicians under the Group. 

 




Organisational Profile 

 

7 

 

Group Structure 






Organisational Profile 

 

8 

 

Corporate Concepts 

 

 

Objective 最高目标

Business growth, contribution to the society and 

provide healthcare

发展事业、造福社会、呵护健康



Attitude at Work 工作作风

Dedicated, practical, adaptable and innovative

敬业、求实、博采、创新



Idea of Service 服务理念

People-oriented mindset and value life

以人为本、关爱生命



Principle of Competitiveness 竞争原则

Law abiding, honest, sincere, do not take advantage, 

not monopolistic

守法不乱，诚信不欺，取利不诈，享财不霸



Motto 院训

To be kind, dedicated, hardworking and ambitious

厚德、精业、勤诚、致远



Professional Behavior 职业风尚

Be keen and eager to always lend a helping hand

急人之难、救人之困



Employment Perceptions 用人观念

To be loyal and have high virtue

忠诚高于价值、德行胜于能力




Organisational Profile 

 

9 

 

Values and Principles 

 

The Group is committed to deliver value to our 

shareholders through establishment of a set of 

values and principles, which inspires us to 

continuously improve our products and services. 

This also serves as the foundation of our 

organisation as one of the leading providers of 

private dental healthcare. 

 

 

Foundation

坚实的立足 -

基础

Quality

崇高的人格 -

品质

Cohesive

风险的精神 -

凝聚

Career

生命的追求 -

事业

Creation

行动的风范 -

创造


Organisational Profile 

 

10 

 

 

We engage suppliers across all three business 

segments – Primary Healthcare, Distribution of 

Dental Equipment and Supplies, and Laboratory 

Services. Shenyang Maotai Q &amp; M Medical 

Equipment Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary 

of the Group, is engaged in the distribution and 

sale of dental equipment and supplies such as 

dental chairs, ultrasound scanners, materials 

and consumables to dental hospitals, polyclinics, 

distributors and laboratories. 

The Group aims to work with suppliers that 

behave in an economically, environmentally and 

socially responsible manner. As such, we have 

stringent requirements for quality and we 

engage reputable suppliers who abide by global 

ESG standards. We continue our long-term 

distribution agreements with Shofu Dental 

Trading (Shanghai) Co. Ltd.（松风齿科器械贸

易（上海）有限公司）and A-dec (Hangzhou) 

Dental Equipment Co. Ltd.（爱德（杭州）牙

科 设 备 有 限 公 司 ） , as well as secure 

distribution rights for brands such as Shofu 

Dental for certain provinces, including the 

Liaoning Province in the Northern PRC.  

 





Supply Chain 

Management 




Organisational Profile 

 

11 

 

Supply Chain (Cont’d) 

 

In addition, we provide maintenance and aftersales support to our customers. Through our team of 

certified technicians, we offer maintenance and support for dental equipment and supplies within and 

beyond the warranty period, thus extending the useable lifespan of the equipment. We also work closely 

with our suppliers to ensure availability of specific parts and technical support for our customers in the 

event of the repair being required for specific equipment. 

Since we have 100% stake and control of our hospitals, polyclinics and entities, we are able to take control 

of the procurement of dental equipment and supplies as well as optimise the individual needs of our 

dental centres. Hence, we will be better positioned to obtain bulk volume discounts from our suppliers 

and ensure continued sustainability of our supply chain. 

A Procurement Policy that sets our guiding principles on our suppliers’ assessment against the Group’s 

sustainability criteria is in place. The policy is to ensure a fair and transparent process for supplier 

selection including criteria and basis for selection such as cost effectiveness and operational efficiency. 

We also ensure that all suppliers are registered with relevant local regulatory bodies for the sale of dental 

equipment and supplies. 

In view of the current global COVID-19 pandemic, our supply chain was affected at the initial outbreak. 

With the effective measures in curbing the spread of the pandemic by the government, our supply chain 

managed to recover within a few months since most of our suppliers are domestic firms in PRC. Therefore, 

we are ready to provide services to our customers in our well-equipped dental hospitals and polyclinics.  


Organisational Profile 

 

12 

 

Membership of Associations and Certificates 

 

The Group is committed to conduct our business in a responsible and sustainable manner. Therefore, our 

operations and business practices are aligned with industry/market accepted principles and standards. In 

this regard, we have been awarded with the GB/T 19001-2016/ISO 9001:2015 certification since 2018 for 

a period of 3 years (Certificate no: 00218Q24142R1M) which specifies the requirements of a quality 

management system in an organisation by providing products and services that meet customer and 

applicable statutory and regulatory requirements consistently, and enhancing customer satisfaction 

through the effective application of the system. The ISO certificate is subject to annual check by the ISO 

certification body and the last check was done in 2020. 

 

 

 

 




Organisational Profile 

 

13 

 

Membership of Associations and Certificates (Cont’d) 

 

As part of its commitment towards dental training and education, the Group collaborates with Jinzhou 

Medical University to provide undergraduate and post-graduate training to students and dental 

professionals. The Group is the only corporation in Northern PRC to be accredited by a university for 

provision of training in dentistry, having met the standards set by Jinzhou Medical University and qualities 

reviewed by experts in the field, thereby ensuring that students who graduate with dental qualifications 

from this training centre are recognised by reputable universities in PRC. 

There are four dental centres within the Group that are accredited by Jinzhou Medical University and 

designated as training centres to carry out practical training as well as exchange the knowledges in the 

dentistry filed for improvement opportunities among the dental professionals. They are: 

 

Shenyang Aoxin Q &amp; M Stomatology Hospital Co., Ltd., accredited on 7 January 2016; 

 

Panjin Aoxin Quanmin Stomatology Hospital Co., Ltd., accredited on 27 March 2019; 

 

Jinzhou Aoxin Youxin Dental Clinic Co., Ltd., accredited on 11 April 2019; and 

 

Huludao Aoxin Q &amp; M Stomatology Hospital Co., Ltd., accredited on 11 April 2019. 

In addition, our Dalian Aoxin Quanmin Stomatology Hospital Co., Ltd. is accredited by Jinzhou Medical 

University on 15 April 2020 as the dedicated hospital for their students’ practical training.  

 

 






Organisational Profile 

 

14 

 

Membership of Associations and Certificates (Cont’d) 

 

 










Organisational Profile 

 

15 

 

Membership of Associations and Certificates (Cont’d) 

 

In 2018, Dr. Shao Yongxin, our Executive Director and Group Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), was 

reappointed as the Dean of Jinzhou Medical University for a further period of five years. The re-

appointment was a recognition and a testament to his contributions in raising the standards of dental 

training in PRC. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






Organisational Profile 

 

16 

 

Membership of Associations and Certificates (Cont’d) 

 

Furthermore, the following dentists were appointed as committee members of the following Dentistry 

Associations. 

 

Name 

Association Position 

Appointed Period 

Dr. Shao 

Yongxin 

5th Council Vice President of Liaoning Stomatological 

Association 

March 2016 – March 2021 











Dr. Shao 

Yongxin 

Committee member of Rehabilitation Professional 

Committee of Liaoning Stomatological Association 

July 2019 – July 2022 

Dr. Ma Shuyi 

Committee member of Rehabilitation Professional 

Committee of Liaoning Stomatological Association 

July 2019 – July 2022 

Dr. Gao Ming 

Committee member of Periodontology Professional 

Committee of Liaoning Stomatological Association 

September 2019 – 

September 2022 

Dr. Guo 

Shumin 

Committee member of Children's Stomatology 

Committee of Liaoning Stomatological Association 

September 2019 – 

September 2022 

Dr. Zhang 

Chun 

Committee member of Liaoning Stomatological 

Association 

December 2019 – December 

2022 

Dr. Jia Dawei 

Committee member of Liaoning Stomatological 

Association committee member 

December 2019 – December 

2022 

Dr. Li Zhuo 

Committee member of Liaoning Stomatological 

Association 

December 2019 – December 

2022 

Dr. Ren Hong 

Committee member of Liaoning Stomatological 

Association 

December 2019 – December 

2022 

 

 

 






Organisational Profile 

 

17 

 

Membership of Associations and Certificates (Cont’d) 

 

 

 

 
















































Organisational Profile 

 

18 

 

Membership of Associations and Certificates (Cont’d) 

 

In the year 2020, 2 teams were sent to represent Aoxin Q &amp; M to participate “2020 Undergraduate 

Stomatological Skills Competition of Liaoning Medical University” organised by Jinzhou Medical University. 

The teams won the team champion as well as individual awards. The details are as follows: 

Name of the award Award 

ranking 

List of winners 

 

Dental pulp oral operation – Individual award Second 

任平 

Oral surgery oral operation – Individual award First 

孙司頔 

Oral anatomy and physiology operation – Individual award Third 

任平 

Prosthodontics oral operation – Individual award Third 

乔丹 

Prosthodontics oral operation – Individual award First 

张雨萌 

Individual all-around – Individual award First 

孙司頔 

Individual all-around – Individual award Second 

张雨萌 

Individual all-around – Individual award Second 

乔丹 

Group Award First 

Not applicable 

 

 

 

 








Organisational Profile 

 

19 

 

Membership of Associations and Certificates (Cont’d) 

 














Governance and Sustainability Approach 

 

20 

 

Management and Governance Structure 

 

Board of Directors 

 

 

Mr. Chua Ser Miang (Non-Executive 

Chairman and Independent Director) 

 

Dr. Shao Yongxin (邵永新) (Executive 

Director and Group Chief Executive 

Officer) 

 

Mr. San Yi Leong @ Tan Yi Leong 

(Executive Director and Group Deputy 

Chief Executive Officer) 

 

Professor Chew Chong Yin @ Chew Chong 

Lin (Independent Director) 

 

Mr. Lin Ming Khin (Independent Director) 

Audit Committee 

 

Mr. Chua Ser Miang (Chairman) 

 

Professor Chew Chong Yin @ Chew Chong 

Lin 

 

Mr. Lin Ming Khin 

Nominating Committee 

 

Mr. Lin Ming Khin (Chairman) 

 

Professor Chew Chong Yin @ Chew Chong 

Lin 

 

Mr. Chua Ser Miang 

Remuneration Committee 

 

Professor Chew Chong Yin @ Chew Chong 

Lin (Chairman) 

 

Mr. Chua Ser Miang 

 

Mr. Lin Ming Khin 

 

Organisation Chart – Management 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Board of Directors 

Chief Executive Officer 

Deputy Chief Executive 

Officer 

Chief Operating Officer 

General Manager 

Deputy General Manger 

(Finance) 

Financial Controller 


Governance and Sustainability Approach 

 

21 

 

Organisation Chart – Management (Cont’d) 

 

For greater transparency of the Group and interests of our stakeholders, the Board is committed to 

maintaining a high standard of corporate governance. Hence, we have established a Sustainability and 

Risk Management Committee (“SRMC”) who, in consultation with the Board, oversees the development 

of the sustainability strategy, sustainability performance and monitoring, as well as the production of this 

Report. The SRMC comprises the following personnel as shown in the organisation chart below: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Our approaches toward risk management of the Group’s daily operations include: 

 

Establishing a quality assurance team, consisting of experienced technicians and engineers, who 

conducts routine checks on the dental equipment and supplies received from our suppliers; 

 

Providing strong aftersales support to ensure customer satisfaction; 

 

Monitoring and ensuring compliance with applicable PRC laws and regulations in relation to quality 

standards; and  

 

Constantly seeking feedback from our dental professionals, patients, customers and relevant 

stakeholders. 

 

SRMC 

Group CEO 

Dr. Shao Yongxin 

Group Deputy CEO 

Mr. San Yi Leong @ Tan Yi Leong 

Group FC 

Ms. Wan Sin Nee 

Non-Executive Chairman 

Mr. Chua Ser Miang 


Governance and Sustainability Approach 

 

22 

 

Governance and Sustainability 

 

As our priorities in the sustainability efforts 

remain to deliver sustainable growth and to 

protect our stakeholders’ interest, the Group is 

committed to putting in place effective and 

robust compliance and governance regimes, as 

well as complying with guidelines of the Code of 

Corporate Governance 2018 issued by the 

Monetary Authority of Singapore where 

applicable 

to 

ensure 

accountability 

and 

transparency in conducting our business. 

 

Conflict of Interest Policy 

 

Directors of the Group are required to promptly 

declare any conflict of interest (“COI”), whether 

direct or indirect, in relation to a transaction or 

proposed transaction with the Group of 

companies. Each Director is required to submit 

details of his/her associates annually for the 

purpose 

of 

monitoring 

interested 

party 

transactions. Directors with conflicting interest 

will be abstained from voting and deliberating in 

the subject matter.  

COI Policy is established to guide our Directors 

in identifying, disclosing and managing conflict 

situations. The policy further serves to 

emphasise our commitment to ethics and good 

corporate governance, for the protection of 

stakeholders’ interest.  

Whistleblowing 

 

In our call to advocate good governance within 

the Group, we continue to review our whistle-

blowing policy to ensure it clearly defines the 

process and reporting channels, by which 

reports can be made in confidence and without 

fear of reprisal. Details of the whistle-blowing 

policy and arrangements are communicated to 

our employees through the Company’s website 

at http://www.aoxinqm.com.sg. All concerns 

raised are reviewed by the Group’s Audit 

Committee (“AC”) periodically to conduct 

independent 

investigation 

and 

adequate 

resolution. All whistle-blowing reports will 

continue to be addressed by the AC Chairman.  

The Group is pleased to announce that there are 

no incidents of corruption and wrongdoings 

being reported on our employees or business 

(including employee misconduct and conflict of 

interest) in FY2020. We aim to maintain this 

record in FY2021 and continue adhering to the 

existing policies and procedures. 


Stakeholder Engagement 

 

23 

 

Accountability to Stakeholders 

 

The Group focus on creating sustainable value for our key stakeholders, which include our customers, 

suppliers, employees, shareholders/investors, business partners, and government and regulators. We 

have made conscious efforts to engage our stakeholders and evaluate their needs and expectations in 

formal and informal engagements to communicate the Group’s sustainability efforts.  

The table below sets out the key stakeholders, our methods of engagement and the stakeholders’ 

expectations: 

Stakeholders 

Stakeholders Engagement 

Stakeholders Expectations 

Customers 

 

 

Frontline interaction at 

polyclinics 

 

Enquiry and feedback channel 

 

Customer service hotlines 

 

Good quality of service and products 

 

Seamless service experience 

 

Fair purchasing practices 

Suppliers 

 

 

Quotations 

 

Periodic discussions 

 

Supplier evaluation 

 

 

Compliance with terms and 

conditions of purchasing policies and 

procedures  

 

Purchasing contract equally fair to 

both parties 

 

Maintain ethical standards 

Employees 

 

 

Induction and orientation 

program 

 

Employee appraisal 

 

Internal memorandum 

 

Training 

 

 

Employee rights and welfare 

 

Personal development 

 

Good working environment 

Shareholders/ 

Investors 

 

 

Annual general meeting 

 

Circulars to shareholders (if 

required) 

 

 

Profitability 

 

Transparency 

 

Timely reporting 

 

Timely update of condition and 

progress of the Group amid COVID-19 

pandemic 

Business Partners 

 

 

Frequent discussions and 

meetings 

 

Development of joint activities 

 

 

Partnership for opportunities and 

growth 

Government and 

Regulators 

 

 

Discussions with government 

agencies and regulators 

 

Regularly monitor regulatory 

and industry standards and 

guidelines 

 

 

 

Environmental-friendly business 

approach 

 

Compliance with regulations 

 

Timely reporting and resolution of 

issues 














Material Sustainability Topics 

 

24 

 

We carried out materiality assessment in accordance with GRI guidelines. The assessment helped us 

apply a sustainability lens to business risk, opportunity, trendspotting and enterprise risk management 

processes.  

The following Materiality Matrix summarise our list of relevant sustainability topics and ranking results 

based on an assessment of economic, environmental and social impacts, as well as the degree of 

influence they have on our stakeholders’ assessments and decisions. The topics have been prioritised 

and evaluated based on our engagement process with the respective stakeholder groups and these will 

be reviewed and updated annually.  

 

Sustainability Topics for FY2020 

The following material topics identified in FY2019 continue to remain relevant in FY2020: 

Anti-

Corruption



Occupational 

Health and 

Safety



Economic 

Performance



Training and 

Education



Energy



Local 

Communities

















































Customer privacy

Anti-corruption

Energy

Training and education

Occupational Health 

and Safety

Market presence

Procurement practices

Materials

Employment

Customer health and 

safety

Economic performance

0

1

2

3

4

5

0

1

2

3

4

5

Influence on stakeholders assessments and 

decisions

Significance of economic, environmental and social impacts

Local Communities 


Material Sustainability Topics 

 

25 

 

Economic Performance 

 

Due to the widespread economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, a lot of service sectors saw a full-

year contraction, inevitably, our economic performance was affected as well. Nevertheless, we have 

continued to strive in maintaining our market position as one of the leading dental service providers in 

the region with the support of our extensive pediatric dentistry infrastructure network of Shenyang Aoxin 

Q &amp; M Stomatology Hospital Co., Ltd. (“Shenyang Aoxin”).  

The Group’s operations for the year ended 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”) were negatively impacted by 

COVID-19 pandemic. The Group’s total revenue decreased by 6% from RMB141.1 million for the year 

ended 31 December 2019 (“FY2019”) to RMB132.6 million for FY2020. Despite the challenges brought by 

the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group’s revenue for second half of FY2020 (“2H2020”) rose by 11% to 

RMB84.9 million from RMB76.2 million in second half of FY2019 (“2H2019”).  

In accordance with the directives from the Chinese government and local dental health authorities in 

various cities in Liaoning Province,  

- 

all of our 16 dental centres, comprising 6 dental hospitals and 10 dental polyclinics were 

suspended from providing non-essential dental services in February and March 2020;  

- 

1 dental hospital and 1 dental polyclinic were suspended from providing non-essential dental 

services in July and August 2020; and 

- 

1 dental hospital and 4 dental polyclinics were suspended from providing non-essential dental 

services in December 2020. 

This led to our dental centres serving a significant smaller patient load in FY2020 as compared to FY2019. 

As a result, the Group reported lower revenue from primary healthcare segment of RMB78.5 million, 

representing a decrease of RMB3.1 million or 4%, against RMB81.6 million achieved in FY2019.  

Revenue from the distribution of dental equipment and supplies segment decreased by 13% to RMB40.4 

million in FY2020 from RMB46.5 million in FY2019. Revenue from sales of both materials and dental 

equipment were lower as a result of COVID-19 outbreak. 

Revenue from the provision of laboratory services increased by 6% to RMB13.7 million in FY2020 from 

RMB13.0 million in FY2019 mainly due to higher sale to distributor. As part of reorganisation of the 

Group’s resources, laboratory services segment had scaled down its sales team and engaged a distribution 

company to run daily sales for most of their customers. 

Please refer to pages 14-16 of our Annual Report for FY2020 for the financial review of our Group. 

 

 


Material Sustainability Topics 

 

26 

 

Economic Performance (Cont’d) 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2021 

The Group expects its performance for FY2021 to remain challenging. Barring any unforeseen 

circumstances and further worsening of the COVID-19 situation leading to ad-hoc lock down in cities 

where the Group operates, there are no known significant changes in the trends and competitive 

conditions of the industry in which the Group operates and no other major known factors or events that 

may adversely affect the Group in the next reporting period and the next 12 months.  

We will continue to focus on disciplined management of operating expenditures, costs and capital 

expenditures. Nonetheless, the Group aims to deliver a satisfactory performance in FY2021 amidst a 

recovering economy as more people in the country are getting vaccinated. 

 

 


Material Sustainability Topics 

 

27 

 

Anti-Corruption 

 

The Group’s professional ethics and integrity are always upheld when carrying out business operations. 

We have put in place the code of conduct which covers areas from workplace to business conduct 

including policies and procedures on anti-corruption, whistleblowing, conflict of interest and ethical 

business practices.  

Professional ethics training is provided to our employees half-yearly to ensure that all our business 

functions are aware of the established code of conduct in every district we operate. Furthermore, new 

joiners are nurtured for the Group’s personal integrity, corporate values and ethical principles during the 

on-boarding program. Therefore, acts of corruption and bribery are stringently forbidden in the Group. 

With the PRC government’s anti-corruption campaign for the efforts on reducing improper payments or 

other benefits received by employees in connection with the purchase of pharmaceuticals and medical 

equipment and supplies, and the provision of healthcare services, the new National Supervision 

Commission will have the power to conduct searches, seize property and freeze assets as well as detain 

suspects for up to six months as part of corruption investigations. The Commission will focus its anti-graft 

efforts in areas that concern the public the most, such as education, healthcare, environmental protection 

and food and drug safety. The local commission also plans to use confessions of corrupt officials and case 

studies to warn others to avoid such corrupt behaviour.  

We are pleased to announce there was no report of whistle-blowing incident, and no reported incidents 

of corruption in FY2020. 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2021 

The Group aims to maintain its zero record of corruption cases and will continue to cultivate an 

environment mindful of anti-corruption measures and policies in place by inculcating a clean and 

transparent working culture within the organisation. 

 


Material Sustainability Topics 

 

28 

 

 

Energy 

 

Digital transformation is reshaping every 

industry across the globe. However, as this era of 

innovation accelerates, so does the demand for 

the resources that fuel our rapidly evolving 

digital world. Environmental protection was 

identified and it continues to be one of the many 

priorities in the PRC’s Government Work Plan, 

with plan of transformation of the national 

energy 

consumption 

(i.e. 

natural 

gas, 

hydropower, nuclear power, wind power and 

other clean energy consumption).  

In accordance to the 13th Five-Year Plan For 

Economic and Social Development of the PRC 

(2016-2020), 

the 

government 

encourages 

enterprises to take voluntary measures to 

reduce energy consumption. As one of the 

leading service providers in our industry, the 

Group is committed to source energy that 

generates the smallest impact on the community 

and the environment while looking forward to 

exploring renewable sources of energy in the 

future.  

We have implemented initiatives which are in 

accordance with the PRC environmental laws 

and regulations, such as usage of energy-saving 

lamps and controlled use of air conditioners and 

water consumption. As such, we put in place 

procedures to carefully monitor energy and 

water consumption. 

The Group has been using LED energy saving 

lamps since 2014. The advantages of using these 

lamps are energy saving, longer lifespan and 

brighter as compared to traditional lamps. We 

have also implemented practices such as to 

switch on our centralised air-conditioner only 

when it reaches a certain temperature during 

the 

summer 

season, 

while 

the 

heater 

temperature is maintained at an acceptable 

temperature during winter seasons to reduce 

our electricity/gas consumption.  

Reminders of “save water” are put up in our 

office premises and hospitals whilst “save 

electricity” reminders are put up in the hospitals 

to remind employees on water and electricity 

conservation. We also conduct regular checks on 

our pipelines to ensure there is no leakage and 

that all pipelines are well-functioning.  

Additionally, we conduct talks and provide 

trainings to our employees quarterly to create 

their awareness about going green and energy 

saving as well as to learn new methods of 

conserving water and energy. 

 



Energy 


Material Sustainability Topics 

 

29 

 

Energy (Cont’d) 

 

The table below shows the summary of our consumption of energy, water, and natural gas in FY2020, as 

well as data comparison of consumption against previous financial years: 

 

Year 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

Gross Floor Area (m2) 

8,853 

14,169 

18,671 

 118,555 

Energy Consumption (kWh) 

508,421 

777,888 

1,007,049  855,365 

Water Consumption (m3) 

10,337 

14,047 

16,393 

 12,123 

Natural Gas Consumption (kWh) 

31,143 

38,670 

40,460 

 24,572 

Energy Intensity per GFA (kWh/m2) 

57.43 

54.90 

53.94 

 46.10 

Water Intensity per GFA (m3/m2) 

1.17 

0.99 

0.88 

 0.65 

Natural Gas Intensity per GFA (kWh/m2) 

3.52 

2.73 

2.17 

 1.32 

 

Note:  

1 – The reduction of gross floor area (m2) was due to closure of the polyclinic, Jinfeng clinic on 20 May 2020. 

 

Due to the new coronavirus cluster detected in Dalian and Shenyang cities amid COVID-19 pandemic in 

December 2020, there are a few dental centres, dental hospitals as well as polyclinics, as shown in the 

table below, being temporarily suspended to contain the spread of the COVID-19 virus, as such the 

temporary closure of centres and hospitals have led to reduction of our energy consumption. Inevitably, 

we have also put in place our conservation efforts and initiatives to save the energy. In these regards, we 

reduce the consumption of energy, water, and natural gas in FY2020. 

 

Operations 

Date of operation 

suspension 

Date of operations 

resumption 

Dalian Aoxin Quanmin Stomatology Hospital Co., Ltd. 

19 December 2020 

27 January 2021 











Zhuanghe City Aoxin Dawei Dental Co., Ltd. 

21 December 2020 

25 January 2021 

Shenyang Huanggu Aoxin Dental Clinic Co., Ltd. 

27 December 2020 

26 February 2021 

Shenyang Heping Q &amp; M Aoxin Stomatology Polyclinic Co., 

Ltd. 

29 December 2020 

2 February 2021 

Shenyang Shenhe Aoxin Stomatology Polyclinic Co., Ltd. 

29 December 2020 

3 February 2021 

Shenyang Aoxin Q &amp; M Stomatology Hospital Co., Ltd. – 

Branch Hospital 

1 January 2021 

18 January 2021 

 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2021 

 

Moving forward as an environmentally conscious company targeting to reduce our carbon footprint in 

PRC, we pledge to increase our sustainable efforts and communicate our goals to the employees of the 

Group. For FY2021, we target to reduce or maintain our current level of energy consumption. 


Material Sustainability Topics 

 

30 

 

Our Employees 

 

The employees are recognised as the Group’s greatest asset as they assist the Group to achieve its 

business strategies and sustainable growth. Hence, the Group has developed and integrated human 

capital strategies on talent attraction, development and retention to enhance the employee retention 

mechanisms as well as talent attraction ability. 

Additionally, the Group appreciates and embraces diversity by hiring talents from various backgrounds 

and cultures and providing unbiased opportunities to all employees. 

Workforce by Gender and Type of Employee 

 

 

 

 

Workforce by Gender and Employment Type 

 

 

 

 

















41

74

121

176

221

0

100

200

300

400

Dentists

Dental Surgery

Assistants

Administration

&amp; Others

FY2019



Male



Female

















41

68

128

182

201

0

50

100

150

200

250

300

Dentists

Dental Surgery

Assistants

Administration

&amp; Others

FY2020



Male



Female













93

22

491

27

0%

20%

40%

60%

80%

100%

Full-time

Part-time

FY2019



Male



Female













94

15

503

8

0%

20%

40%

60%

80%

100%

Full-time

Part-time

FY2020



Male



Female


Material Sustainability Topics 

 

31 

 

Our employees (Cont’d) 

 

Workforce by Employment Type and Region 

 

 

 

 





370

43

74

13

11

9

30

34

35

4

3

1

2

4

80%

85%

90%

95%

100%

Shenyang

Huludao

Panjin

Gaizhou

Zhuanghe

Anshan

Dalian

Jinzhou

FY2019



Full-time



Part-time





359

47

80

13

10

9

36

43

15

3

3

1

1

85%

90%

95%

100%

Shenyang

Huludao

Panjin

Gaizhou

Zhuanghe

Anshan

Dalian

Jinzhou

FY2020



Full-time



Part-time


Material Sustainability Topics 

 

32 

 

Training and Education 

 

The Group is committed to developing our employees through training and continuous development 

programs to build a competitive and sustainable workforce.  

 

New employees on-the-job training 

 

The Group ensures that all employees are provided with the necessary training to assist them in acquiring 

the right skills and knowledge needed to perform their jobs effectively. New employees are required to 

undergo an orientation pre-job training and a mandatory probation period. During this period, their skills 

and experience as well as work attitude, ethics, and efficiency will be assessed. Besides on-the-job training, 

our new hires are required to shadow another experienced employee to familiarise themselves with the 

Group’s operations, and their specific job scopes.  

 

Regular training and career development for existing employees 

 

Existing employees will be provided with regular and continuous training and development. Our training 

programs include internal trainings, training by external experts and expatriation. Due to the travel 

restriction imposed by the government in FY2020 to contain the spread of COVID-19 infection, we did not 

organise any external trainings as well as expatriate training program for the employees. Nevertheless, 

we conducted the training internally via virtual learning as well as in-person training to keep our 

employees engaged and motivated as well as to maintain the Group’s sustainability in growth. The internal 

trainings for employees have been increased in FY2020 even amid travel control measure in place to 

contain the spread of COVID-19 infection for raising awareness of the employees on COVID-19 prevention 

and control. 

 

 



Training for front desk employees at several hospitals and polyclinics 




Material Sustainability Topics 

 

33 

 

Training and Education (Cont’d) 

 

Internship program 

 

Our stomatology centre in Shenyang continues to provide students with exciting internship programs 

which allow them to be trained in both soft skills as well as professional competency. Once their internship 

is complete, the students will have the chance to be employed by the Group if all necessary educational 

requirements have been met. FY2020, 34 students participated in the internship program, of which 10 of 

them had obtained their practitioner licenses and were employed by the Group. 

 

Dental Professionals 

 

Customised training models have been designed to nurture our employees and enhance our service 

quality. We pride ourselves in having the relevant resources and budgets to organise internal training 

programs for our employees throughout the year, in order to ensure the continued education of our 

dental professionals.  

 

Besides providing basic training and coaching classes, we also often encourage our dental professionals 

to share their experiences or challenges on academic platforms to exchange ideas. To ensure our service 

quality and professionalism of our dental professionals, we have their performances and career 

development regularly reviewed by respective heads of department.  

 

Overall  

 

In FY2020, our total training hours for all employees was 79,100 hours, as compared to 65,912 hours in 

FY2019. The increase in training hours was due to more online trainings organised for our employees amid 

the travel restriction during COVID-19 pandemic. We provide training to our 100% of workforce which 

represents an average of 127.58 hours of training was provided to each employee. Total employees and 

average training hours are presented in the table below: 

 

 

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

Total employees

573

633

620

Average training hours

87.43

104.13

127.58

0

100

200

300

400

500

600

700

Total employees and average training hours

Total employees

Average training hours


Material Sustainability Topics 

 

34 

 

Training and Education (Cont’d) 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2021 

 

Despite of the COVID-19 outbreak which affects our business operation, we continue to hold the training 

sessions and programs for our employees’ benefits. We target to increase the training hours for our 

employees in FY2021. Additionally, we plan to develop training program for our young doctors to help 

them master their technical skills.  

 

 


Material Sustainability Topics 

 

35 

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

 

In our line of work, dentists and dental surgery assistants are exposed to several health hazards, such as 

bacterial or virus infections could be transmitted through needles and other sharp objects, spatter and 

aerosols. It is our responsibility as employer to mitigate such risks. 

 

Physical Well-being 

 

A Health and Safety Committee (“HSC”) is established to implement comprehensive safety measures at 

the Group and monitor for compliance with regulations set by the relevant government authorities. Our 

HSC comprises of the Director, 4 Deputy Directors, and 7 members, who are employees of the Group, with 

the following responsibilities respectively: 

 

Designation 

Responsibilities 

Director 

 

Overall in-charge on infection prevention and control 

Deputy Director 

 

Assist Director in monitoring and managing infection control 

measures 

Member 

 

Ensure that hospitals and polyclinics are regularly disinfected, and 

that dental equipment used are all sterilised before disposal 

 

Ensure that waste materials are sterilised and disposed in a proper 

manner 

 

A medical safety team is established in each of our hospitals to monitor occupational health and safety of 

our employees and supervise the daily medical safety procedures.  

 

Our employees attend the trainings for health and safety procedures provided by the Infection Control 

Department of the Ministry of Health 2-3 times a year. In addition, our hospitals and polyclinics help our 

employees who are involved in handling drugs and materials, waste treatment and disposal, as well as 

clinical surgery apply and renew health certificates under regulation of the National Medical Products 

Administration every year, in which non-compliance will result in penalties and fines. The expiry dates of 

the health certificates are monitored by our Department in-charge to ensure the compliance.  

 

The Group has also implemented guidelines on clinic operational procedures to safeguard patients’ safety 

and health. For hygiene purposes, we will provide every patient with a new set of dental consumables 

such as gloves, dental bib, mouth-rinsing cup, needles and dental instruments. The used set of dental 

consumables will be disposed properly and the dental instruments used will be sterilised after each 

consultation/treatment session. 

 

 

 




Material Sustainability Topics 

 

36 

 

Occupational Health and Safety (Cont’d) 

 

Physical Well-being (Cont’d) 

 

In compliance with the PRC’s social security system regulations, we provide all employees with the 

mandated 5 types of insurances schemes, namely pension, medical, unemployment, work-related injury, 

and maternity insurances. On top of that, the Group also provides all dentists with doctors’ liability 

insurance. 

 

Other examples of health hazards include exposure to X-ray radiation during trainings, and we have 

posters to remind our employees on the safety measures. We ensure an X-ray signage is displayed on the 

X-ray room door in all polyclinics. We are subject to inspection from government officials to ensure we 

adhere to the country’s safety standards.  

 

Mental Well-being 

 

We also ensure that the mental well-being of our employees and employees are well taken care of. 

Dentists are given ample rest between treatments or surgery, to ensure that our patients receive the full 

attention and quality treatment that are rendered to them.  

 

Furthermore, each freshly graduated dentist will be tagged to an experienced dentist to facilitate on-the-

job training. Experienced dentists share their valuable experiences and guide new dentists throughout 

their new working environment. This will help to alleviate the stress and provide mental support for the 

new employees, thus resulting in them being able to provide the best service to our patients. 

 

COVID-19 

 

Our employees’ safety, health and well-being are of utmost importance to us. In response to COVID-19 

crisis in FY2020, the Group has made conscious efforts to ensure that additional safety regulations have 

been complied with. While emergency plan for COVID-19 prevention and control is formulated to guide 

the employees on the safety measures, we also form COVID-19 control leading teams to ensure 

compliance with safety regulations.  

We have also put in place temperature monitoring, enhanced cleaning regimes and other safe workspace 

protocols to ensure that our employees are protected from the risks of the virus infection. Our employees 

on duty are required to be in isolation garments to help prevent the employees from transferring 

microorganisms or viruses as well as reduce the risk of exposure to the virus. 

 

 


Material Sustainability Topics 

 

37 

 

Occupational Health and Safety (Cont’d) 

 

COVID-19 (Cont’d) 

 

 

 

Privacy 

 

We recognise privacy to be fundamental to human rights. The protection of patients' privacy is an industry 

consensus, and the Group takes a firm stance in safeguarding the confidentiality of personal information. 

Our polyclinics have adopted the use of the Clinic Assist (CA) IT systems, which ensures that adequate 

controls are in place to restrict access to such sensitive information. Examples include computers being 

connected internally to our local intranet and that our dentists can only view the information of patients 

that they have attended to. 

 

In FY2020, there was no reported workplace injury nor fatalities and no penalties were imposed to the 

Group by regulatory authorities. Furthermore, we are pleased to share that there were no reported cases 

in relation to personal data violation or breaches of customer privacy.  

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2021 

 

We aim to raise the standards of our medical quality and service, as well as to continue practicing medical 

safety among all employees to minimise the risks of infections and exposure to health hazards. We also 

target to maintain zero serious workplace injuries sustained by our employees for the following years as 

well as our good track record of having zero reported cases in relation to personal data violation and 

breaches of customer privacy. 

 

 

Mandatory temperature screening for 

visitors/patients/employees 





Personal protection requirements for 

employees on duty 


Material Sustainability Topics 

 

38 

 

“Little Dentists Program” in Shenyang Aoxin 

Local Communities 

 

We believe in giving back to the community, and this is part of our vision to contribute to the social 

development of the community. As such, we carry out a series of programs throughout the year to raise 

the local communities’ dental health awareness. In this regard, we have increased our presence to the 

pediatric dental health market, corporate market, the medical insurance market as well as our 

communities.  

 

Contribution for communities affected by COVID-19 pandemic 

 

As part of our commitment to support the communities, our hospital in Gaizhou, Gaizhou City Aoxin Q &amp; 

M Stomatology Hospital Co., Ltd., distributed more than 10 tonnes of antiseptic liquid to the public for 

free in order to help alleviate the shortage of anti-bacterial supplies in the city in January 2020. 

 

In addition to donating supplies, we also contributed our medical 

expertise where possible. In December 2020, in response to the 

emergence of a new variation of the COVID-19 virus within 

Shenyang, more than 100 Aoxin Q &amp; M’s staff were deployed to 

community sites across the city, where they aided in the 

administering of COVID-19 swab tests to Shenyang residents. 

Over the course of 10 days, the team worked together to 

administer tests to more than 30,000 people.  

 

Little Dentists Program 

 

“Little Dentists Program” (小牙医活动) are held throughout the period from August 2020 to December 

2020 due to COVID-19 consideration. In this program, children will get a chance to play the role of a 

“dentist” in our dental polyclinics or dental hospitals, as well as experience dental check-up for their 

parents. Besides the exciting role-play activity, we also provide free dental check-ups for the children as 

well as educate the young children of the good dental habits and the importance of maintaining good 

dental health.  

 

 

 

 

 






Material Sustainability Topics 

 

39 

 

Local Communities (Cont’d) 

 

Free Dental Check-ups 

 

We hold free clinics and treatment sessions at every of our Group’s polyclinic on “Oral Care Day” on 20 

September every year. Throughout the year, we visited kindergartens, pre-schools, early education 

centres, nursing homes and several communities to conduct free dental hygiene education and dental 

check-ups. Complemented with our marketing and media campaigns through online platforms, we are 

able to raise dental health awareness and our reputation in the region. These initiatives are in line with 

our corporate concept of giving back to the community and have allowed us to integrate the Group’s 

values into our business decisions. 

 

In FY2020, we partnered with trade unions to hold ad-hoc check-ups and dental screenings for local 

communities in various cities. Moreover, we collaborated with other corporations to educate dental 

hygiene to communities, as well as conduct surveys to promote dental hygiene and raise dental health 

awareness to these communities. 

 

Training Centres 

 

The Group teamed up with Jinzhou Medical University to provide lectures and practical training to 

students and dental professionals. There are currently 4 of our dental centres are designated as training 

centres/clinical hospital: 

 

Huludao Aoxin Q &amp; M Stomatology Hospital Co., Ltd. 

 

Jinzhou Aoxin Youxin Dental Clinic Co., Ltd. 

 

Panjin Aoxin Quanmin Stomatology Hospital Co., Ltd. 

 

Shenyang Aoxin Q &amp; M Stomatology Hospital Co., Ltd. 

 

Our stomatology training centre at Shenyang is fully equipped with a multimedia training hall, a multi-

function simulation laboratory and a technical laboratory, so that aspiring dentists are sufficiently 

educated and trained in the appropriate fields of practice, for their competitiveness in dental industry.  

 

Additionally, Dr. Shao Yongxin who is also the Dean of Jinzhou Medical University, Shenyang Department 

of Stomatology, actively participates in the learning and growth of the undergraduates through 

conducting lectures and reviewing their progress. 

 

Furthermore, the Shenyang training centre has also been accredited for undergraduate and post-graduate 

training by Jinzhou Medical University. Students who graduate from this training centre with dental 

qualifications awarded by Jinzhou Medical University will be recognised by universities in PRC. 

 

 

 

 


Material Sustainability Topics 

 

40 

 

Local Communities (Cont’d) 

 

Training Centres (Cont’d) 

 

 

 

In addition to providing us with a platform to give back to society, these activities also allow our employees 

to connect and engage with their community. Many of our employees felt that these initiatives were an 

effective way to educate the public, especially youth, on the importance of good dental health. By 

connecting with the community through such programs, the Group has been able to bolster its reputation 

as a quality dental service provider for the community as well. 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2021 

 

Moving forward, we target to have more collaborations with charity organisations or youth organisations 

to expand our outreach through free clinic, free dental hygiene education and dental check-up. 




SGX Five Primary Components Index 

 

41 

 

S/N 

Primary Component 

Section Reference 

1 

Material Topics 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

Sustainability Topics 

o Economic Performance 

o Anti-Corruption 

o Energy 

o Training and Education 

o Occupational Health and Safety 

o Local Communities 











2 

Policies, Practices and Performance 

 

Board Statement 

 

Sustainability Topics 

o Economic Performance 

o Anti-Corruption 

o Energy 

o Training and Education 

o Occupational Health and Safety 

o Local Communities 

3 

Board Statement 

Board Statement 

4 

Targets 

 

Sustainability Topics 

o Economic Performance 

o Anti-Corruption 

o Energy 

o Training and Education  

o Occupational Health and Safety 

o Local Communities 

5 

Framework 

About This Report 


GRI Content Index 

 

42 

 

GRI Standard and Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if applicable 

Organisational Profile 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

3 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

5  

102-3  

Location of headquarters 

6 – 7 

102-4 

Location of operations 

6 – 7 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

7 

102-6 

Markets served 

6 – 7 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

6  

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

6, 30 – 34 

102-9 

Supply chain 

10 – 11 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organization and its supply 

chain 

Nil 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach 

20 – 23 

102-12 

External initiatives 

38 – 40 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

12 – 19 

Strategy 

 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

3 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

8 – 9 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

20 – 21 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

23 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable, as our employees 

are not covered by collective 

bargaining agreements 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

23 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

23 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

24 

 

 


GRI Content Index 

 

43 

 

GRI Standard and Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if applicable 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

7 

Please refer to Annual Report, 

pages 82 – 87  

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

4 

102-47 

List of material topics 

24 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

Not applicable, no restatement of 

information in FY2020 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable, no change in 

reporting in FY2020 

102-50 

Reporting period 

4 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

28 May 2020 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annual 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

4 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

4 

102-55 

GRI content index 

42 – 44 

102-56 

External assurance 

We have not sought external 

assurance for FY2020 

GRI 103: Management Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

25 – 40  

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

25 – 40  

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

25 – 40  

GRI 201: Economic Performance 

201-1 

Direct Economic value generated and distributed 

25 – 26 

201-2 

Financial implications and other risk and opportunities 

due to climate change 

Please refer to Annual Report, 

pages 15, 16, 70 

201-3 

Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement 

plans 

201-4 

Financial assistance received from government 

GRI 205: Anti-corruption  

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

27 

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-corruption 

policies and procedures 

27 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruptions and actions taken  

27 

GRI 302: Energy  

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organisation 

28 – 29 

302-2 

Energy consumption outside of the organisation 

28 – 29 

302-3 

Energy intensity 

28 – 29 

302-4 

Reduction of energy consumption 

28 – 29 

302-5 

Reductions in energy requirements of products and 

services 

28 – 29 

 

 


GRI Content Index 

 

44 

 

GRI Standard/ Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if applicable 

GRI 404: Training and Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employee 

32 – 34 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 

32 – 34 

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 

403-1 

Occupational health and safety management system 

35 – 37 

403-2 

Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident 

investigation 

35 – 37 

403-3 

Occupational health services 

35 – 37 

403-4 

Worker participation, consultation, and communication 

on occupational health and safety 

35 – 37 

403-5 

Worker training on occupational health and safety 

35 – 37 

403-6 

Promotion of worker health 

35 – 37 

403-7 

Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and 

safety impacts directly linked by business relationships 

35 – 37 

403-8 

Workers covered by an occupational health and safety 

management system 

35 – 37 

403-9 

Work-related injuries 

35 – 37 

403-10 

Work-related ill health 

35 – 37 

GRI 413: Local Communities 

413-1 

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programs 

38 – 40 

413-2 

Operations with significant actual and potential negative 

impacts on local communities 

38 – 40 

 

