


SUSTAINABILITY  

REPORT 2019

SUNTEC REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST
























CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION 

1

About Suntec REIT 

1

About ARA Trust Management (Suntec) Limited 

1

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

2

Board Statement 

2

Reporting Framework 

2

Reporting Period and Scope 

2

Assurance  

3

Feedback  

3

Stakeholder Engagement 

3

Materiality Assessment 

4

GOVERNANCE 

6

Risk Management 

8

Business Ethics 

9

Compliance 

9

DELIVERING EXCEPTIONAL VALUE 

10

Quality of Assets and Services 

10

Supply Chain Management 

11

Security of Information 

11

SOCIAL 

 

 

12

Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety and Security 

12

Human Capital 

14

ENVIRONMENT 

19

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint 

19

Water Management 

22

Waste Management 

24

METHODOLOGICAL REVIEW 

26

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

28




















INTRODUCTION

1  Includes assets under management by ARA Asset Management Limited and the Group of companies and its Associates as at 31 December 2019.

ABOUT SUNTEC REIT

Listed on 9 December 2004 on the Main Board of the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”), 

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust (“Suntec REIT”) is one 

of the leading real estate investment trusts in Singapore, 

owning income-producing real estate that is primarily 

used for office and/or retail purposes. As at 31 December 

2019, Suntec REIT has assets under management of 

over S$10 billion with properties in Singapore and key 

Australian cities of Sydney, Melbourne and Adelaide.

In Singapore, Suntec REIT’s portfolio comprises office 

and retail properties in Suntec City, 60.8% interest 

in Suntec Singapore Convention &amp; Exhibition Centre 

(“Suntec Singapore”), one-third interest in One Raffles 

Quay (“ORQ”), one-third interest in Marina Bay Financial 

Towers 1 and 2 and the Marina Bay Link Mall (“MBFC 

Properties”), and 30.0% interest in 9 Penang Road. 

The properties in Australia include 177 Pacific Highway 

in Sydney, 21 Harris Street in Pyrmont, Sydney, 50.0% 

interest in Southgate Complex and 50.0% interest in 

Olderfleet, 477 Collins Street in Melbourne, and  

55 Currie Street in Adelaide.

Suntec REIT is managed by an external manager, ARA 

Trust Management (Suntec) Limited (the “Manager”). 

The Manager is focused on delivering regular and 

stable distributions to Suntec REIT’s unitholders, and 

to achieve long-term growth in the net asset value per 

unit of Suntec REIT, so as to provide unitholders with a 

competitive rate of return on their investment.

ABOUT ARA TRUST 

MANAGEMENT (SUNTEC) 

LIMITED

Suntec REIT is managed by ARA Trust Management 

(Suntec) Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of ARA 

Asset Management Limited ("ARA" or the "Group").

ARA is a leading APAC real assets fund manager with 

a global reach. With S$88 billion1 in gross assets under 

management as at 31 December 2019, ARA manages 

listed and unlisted real estate investment trusts and 

private real estate and infrastructure funds in  

28 countries. As part of its investor-operator 

philosophy, ARA also operates a real estate 

management services division with local teams to 

manage its assets worldwide.

ARA’s multi-platform, multi-product global fund 

management strategy, combined with its dedicated 

teams with in-depth local knowledge and expertise, 

enables the Group to offer enduring value to investors. 

Built on a foundation of strong corporate governance 

and business integrity, ARA counts some of the world’s 

largest pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, financial 

institutions, endowments and family offices as its 

investors.

The Manager is responsible for the management 

and administration of Suntec REIT, as well as the 

implementation of Suntec REIT’s strategic long-term 

growth.















Sustainability Report 2019

 1










BOARD STATEMENT

The Board of Directors of the Manager (the “Board”) 

is pleased to present Suntec REIT’s Sustainability 

Report for the financial year ended 31 December 

2019 (“FY 2019”). This report discloses Suntec REIT’s 

environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) impacts 

and its progress towards the goal of sustainable 

management of its real estate portfolio.

Suntec REIT is focused on its mission in “forging ahead 

to create, provide and deliver premium value to all 

stakeholders”. In achieving the mission, the Board 

considers sustainability issues as part of its strategic 

formulation and sets the strategic direction in ensuring 

good corporate governance, prudent financial 

management, fair employment practices and efficient 

utilisation of resources. The Board has approved the 

material ESG matters and determined them to be 

relevant for the current year. The Board oversees that 

these ESG matters are monitored and managed. The 

Manager stays vigilant in upholding Suntec REIT’s 

commitments towards sustainability practices and 

creating value for its stakeholders.

The Manager believes in the importance of integrating 

sustainability into its business strategies and operations 

in achieving Suntec REIT’s sustainable economic growth2 

and delivering long-term unitholder value. Suntec 

REIT’s sustainability policies, practices and performance 

are detailed in this report, which are interrelated to 

its overall financial performance from the governance, 

socioeconomic and environmental perspectives.

REPORTING FRAMEWORK

This report has been prepared in accordance with 

the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards – 

Core option and GRI Construction and Real Estate 

ABOUT THIS REPORT

Sector Supplement (“CRESS”), as well as the relevant 

requirements under the 2019 Global Real Estate 

Sustainability Benchmark (“GRESB3”). The GRI Standards 

were selected as it is an internationally recognised 

reporting framework that covers a comprehensive 

range of sustainability disclosures and is suited to 

Suntec REIT’s industry and business model. Reference 

has also been drawn from the Sustainability Reporting 

Guide of the SGX-ST Practice Note 7.6 in meeting the 

primary components as set out in the SGX-ST Mainboard 

Listing Rule 711(B) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST, 

where applicable. Please refer to the GRI Content Index 

attached at the end of this report for more information. 

In addition, this report together with other ESG 

information, will be submitted as part of Suntec REIT’s 

inaugural participation in the 2019 GRESB Assessment.

REPORTING PERIOD AND SCOPE

The reporting period covered in this report is from 1 

January to 31 December 2019, with relevant data from 

prior year(s) as comparison. Unless otherwise stated, 

this report covers the performance of Suntec REIT’s 

portfolio of properties4, with the exceptions of  

9 Penang Road, a development which was completed 

in October 2019; 55 Currie Street, which was acquired 

in September 2019; 21 Harris Street, which was 

acquired in April 2020; and Olderfleet, 477 Collins 

Street which was under construction. The Manager will 

include these properties in the sustainability reporting 

scope going forward. For environmental performance, 

Suntec REIT uses the equity share approach, as outlined 

in the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Standard 

(“GHG Protocol Corporate Standard”) to consolidate 

the environmental performance data from its portfolio 

of properties based on ownership interest (see Figure 

1). For socioeconomic and governance performance, 

this report covers primarily employees of the Manager.

Figure 1: Reporting Scope

Country

Property

Property Type (ownership interest %)

Singapore

Suntec City

• Office (59.1%)

• Retail (100.0%)

Suntec Singapore Convention and Exhibition 

Centre (“Suntec Singapore”)

• Meeting, Incentive, Convention and 

Exhibition (“MICE”) (60.8%)

One Raffles Quay (“ORQ”)

• Office (33.3%)

Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 1 and 2, and 

the Marina Bay Link Mall (“MBFC Properties”)

• Office (33.3%)

• Retail (33.3%)

Australia

177 Pacific Highway, Sydney

• Office (100.0%)

Southgate Complex, Melbourne

• Office (50.0%)

• Retail (50.0%)

2  For more details on Suntec REIT’s FY 2019 financial results, please refer to Suntec REIT’s Annual Report FY 2019.

3  GRESB is the environmental, social and governance benchmark for real assets. Working in collaboration with the industry, GRESB defines the 

global standard for sustainability performance in real assets, providing standardised and validated ESG data to the capital markets. More than 90 

institutional investors, collectively representing over USD 22 trillion in institutional capital, use GRESB data and analytical tools. In 2019, more than 

1,000 property companies, real estate investment trusts, funds, and developers participated in the Real Estate Assessment, representing  

USD 4.1 trillion assets under management. The Assessment covers more than 100,000 assets across 64 countries.

4  For more details on Suntec REIT’s property portfolio, please refer to pages 24 to 48 of Suntec REIT’s Annual Report FY 2019.

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

2 










ABOUT THIS REPORT

ASSURANCE

The Manager has not sought external assurance for this report. External assurance by independent 

professional bodies will be considered as its reporting matures over time.

FEEDBACK

The Manager values all feedback from stakeholders as they are integral to Suntec REIT’s sustainability reporting 

process. Please send all comments and suggestions to enquiry@suntecreit.com.

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

Regular engagement with stakeholders is important to Suntec REIT’s long-term success. Frequent stakeholder 

engagements are undertaken to identify pertinent issues related to ESG matters to facilitate continuous improvement 

of the operations. The table below details the Manager’s engagement activities with its key stakeholders.

Figure 2: Stakeholder engagement

GOVERNMENT AND AUTHORITIES

Key Engagement Modes and Frequency

• Communication and consultation with 

government and authorities

Regular

• Participation in industry associations, 

forums and dialogues e.g. Building and 

Construction Authority, Investor Relations 

Professional Association (Singapore), Green 

Building Council of Australia, International 

WELL Building Institute, New South Wales 

and Victoria State Governments, Office 

of Environment and Heritage, Property 

Council of Australia, REIT Association of 

Singapore, Singapore Green Building 

Council, Singapore Institute of Directors, 

Singapore Retailers Association and Urban 

Redevelopment Authority, Asia Pacific Real 

Estate Association and Securities Investors 

Association (Singapore)

Key Interests of Stakeholders

• Compliance with regulatory requirements

• Contributions to industry

• Environmental impact

• Good corporate governance

• Health and safety

INVESTMENT COMMUNITY 

(INSTITUTIONAL AND RETAIL INVESTORS, 

ANALYSTS)

Key Engagement Modes and Frequency

• Annual report and sustainability report

Annual

• Annual General Meeting

Annual

• Announcements and circulars

Regular

• Financial results announcement

Quarterly

• Investor conferences

Regular

• Investor relations channel

Active

• Meetings and teleconferences with 

investors and analysts

Regular

• Non-deal roadshows

Regular

• Suntec REIT website

Active

Key Interests of Stakeholders

• Good corporate governance

• Performance of assets

• Suntec REIT’s outlook and strategic plans

• Market Outlook

• Stable and sustainable distribution

• Timely and transparent reporting

• Net asset value growth

EMPLOYEES 

(REIT MANAGER)

Key Engagement Modes and Frequency

• Orientation programme for new 

employee

Regular

• Employee appraisals

Regular

• Employee satisfaction survey

Ad hoc

• Employee training programmes

Regular

• Internal staff communication and 

newsletters

Regular

• Team cohesion activities

Regular

Key Interests of Stakeholders

• Employee welfare management

• Fair employment practices

• Good corporate governance

• Health and safety

• Skills development and career progression

BUSINESS PARTNERS  

(STRATEGIC PARTNERS, BANKS)

Key Engagement Modes and Frequency

• Annual report and sustainability report

Annual

• Corporate events

Regular

• Meetings and discussions

Regular

Key Interests of Stakeholders

• Alignment of interests

• Good corporate governance

• Sustainable performance

Sustainability Report 2019

 3










ABOUT THIS REPORT

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

The Manager defines material sustainability matters as issues with significant ESG impact on Suntec REIT and its 

stakeholders. These matters will substantially influence the decision-making process of its stakeholders and affect 

the achievement of short and long-term goals. To identify the material sustainability matters, the Manager adopts 

a rigorous four-step Materiality Assessment process, as summarised below in Figure 3.

In FY 2019, the Manager has worked closely with an independent Sustainability Consultant who conducted a 

formal assessment workshop for Suntec REIT’s key internal functions to determine the material ESG matters based 

on the above Four-step process. The final list of material sustainability matters were presented and approved by 

the Board (see Figure 4).

Step

Activities

Identification 

• The Sustainability Consultant conducts a materiality assessment workshop to identify the 

sustainability matters most relevant and significant to Suntec REIT’s internal and external 

stakeholders. A list of potential sustainability matters, including risks and opportunities are 

identified through discussions with key management representatives from all functions to 

understand their concerns, and the concerns of key external stakeholders with whom they 

communicate. The material ESG matters reported by Suntec REIT's industry peers are also 

being reviewed as part of benchmarks for evaluating their relevance to Suntec REIT.

Prioritisation

• The shortlisted sustainability matters are ranked by Suntec REIT's key internal functions as 

well as representatives for the external stakeholders. The following set of criteria is used to 

determine the relevance and significance of each matter:

k Relevance to Suntec REIT’s business strategies, business model and outcomes

k Likelihood and impact on the continuity of the business

k Influence on decision-making process of key internal and external stakeholders

 Validation

• A final materiality assessment is conducted to refine the list of material sustainability 

matters under focus, and to determine their impact on both internal and external 

stakeholders. The results of this assessment allows the Manager to distill the most critical 

sustainability matters and additional sustainability matters for reporting. These material 

sustainability matters are presented in the Board Meeting and approved by the Board.

Review

• These sustainability matters are to be reviewed on an annual basis to ensure their 

continued relevance and significance. Where required or deemed necessary, the materiality 

assessment workshop will be re-conducted with participations from Suntec REIT’s internal 

and external stakeholders.

Figure 3: Four-step process for Materiality Assessment

RETAIL SHOPPERS

Key Engagement Modes and Frequency

• Enquiries and feedback channel

Active

• Marketing and promotional events

Regular

• Suntec City website

Active

• Social media platforms

Active

• Suntec + lifestyle app and loyalty 

programme

Active

Key Interests of Stakeholders

• Availability of promotional campaigns

• Diversity of retail mix

• Health and safety

• Accessibility

• Family friendly

TENANTS

Key Engagement Modes and Frequency

• Enquiries and feedback channel

Active

• Meetings and discussions

Regular

• Tenant satisfaction survey

Regular

• Wellness programmes and activities

Regular 

• By the Bay community engagement app

Active

Key Interests of Stakeholders

• Good property maintenance

• Health and safety

• Shoppers’ traffic (for retail)

• Mall publicity (for retail)

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

4 


























Material Sustainability Matters

1

Corporate Governance

2

Occupational Health and Safety

3

Tenant &amp; Visitor Health, Safety and Security

4

Quality of Assets and Services

5

Security of Information

6

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint

7

Water Management

Additional Sustainability Matters

A1

Waste Management

A2

Employment Practices

A3

Talent Development

Impact on internal stakeholders

Impact on external stakeholders

High

High

Not Material

A2

ABOUT THIS REPORT

With the approved material sustainability matters, the Sustainability Consultant guided the Manager on the target 

setting process. These targets set would drive Suntec REIT’s ESG performance and provide periodic updates to both 

internal and external stakeholders when comparing the performance against targets. The key steps of the target 

setting process is outlined below.

Figure 5: Target setting process

BASELINING

Select a period of 

time with consistent 

performance as the 

baseline - normally a 

fiscal year

PRIORITY SETTING

Study market 

expectations, industry 

peers’ performance and 

regulatory environment for 

all material ESG matters

Figure 4: Suntec REIT’s Material Sustainability Matters 

A1

A3







TARGET SETTING

Determine relevant 

indicators for 

performance 

measurement and 

set quantitative or 

qualitative targets

In FY 2019, the Manager reviewed and confirmed the relevance of all perpetual targets for Governance and Social 

aspects in line with the target setting process. The historical Environmental performances were reviewed, and 

new mid-term targets for energy and water were established. A peer benchmarking exercise was also conducted 

to ensure that Suntec REIT’s targets set are in line with industry standards. These targets were presented and 

approved by the Board and disclosed in the respective sections that follow.

REVIEW

Continuous monitoring 

of the progress and 

reviewing the targets 

set in subsequent years

1

6

7

2

5

4

3

Sustainability Report 2019

 5










Suntec REIT’s unitholders place their trust in the 

Manager to deliver regular and stable distributions and 

achieve long-term growth. In upholding this trust, the 

Manager believes it has an obligation to act honestly, 

with due care and diligence, in the unitholders’ best 

interests.

The Manager has adopted an overall corporate 

governance framework5 designed to meet best practice 

principles. The Manager recognises that an effective 

corporate governance culture is critical to its performance 

and consequently, the success of Suntec REIT.

In line with the corporate governance framework, 

the Manager has established a formal Suntec REIT 

Sustainability Committee led by the Chief Executive 

Officer (“CEO”) with senior representatives from the 

GOVERNANCE

finance, investor relations, special projects and asset 

management functions (see Figure 6).

The Suntec REIT Sustainability Working Committee 

takes the lead in enhancing the sustainability report’s 

disclosures, performance targets and systems, and 

driving responsible business practices in accordance 

with Suntec REIT’s sustainability philosophy. The Suntec 

REIT Sustainability Working Committee has also set up a 

green finance framework for financing and refinancing 

eligible properties with green finance, that includes 

loans, bonds and trade facilities.

The Suntec REIT Sustainability Working Committee, 

in consultation with the ARA Group Sustainability 

Committee, reports to the Board on sustainability policies 

and practices. The table below presents a summary of 

sustainability policies which apply to all ARA entities.

5  For more details on Suntec REIT’s corporate governance, please refer to pages 58 to 79 of Suntec REIT’s Annual Report FY 2019.

Figure 6: Suntec REIT Sustainability Committee

SUNTEC REIT SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE

 



Chief Executive 

Officer



Head of 

Finance



Head of Group Risk 

Management and Internal Audit



Chief Operating 

Officer



REPORTING COMMITTEE

 

 



Asset  

Managers



Investor  

Relations Manager



Head of  

Special Projects



Finance  

Manager



Group Risk Management 

and Internal Audit

 



Human  

Resource



Key Management Personnel from respective property managers



WORKING COMMITTEE



SUPPORTED BY













Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

6 










Figure 7: Sustainability Policies at Suntec REIT

GOVERNANCE 

ARA Group-level Policies

 

Governance (for details, please follow this link)

Anti-Bribery Policy

ARA adopts a zero-tolerance stance towards bribery and corruption. All employees are 

required to adhere to a Code of Conduct and observe ethical behaviour. Employees are 

expected to conduct and carry themselves in a manner consistent with the values of ARA.

Policy on Conflict of 

Interest

ARA details a rigorous set of procedures to address any potential conflict of interest 

risks. All employees and major service providers have to declare any potential conflicts 

of interest before entering into transactions. All interested person transactions and 

situations of conflicted interest are subject to review by the Audit Committee.

Fraud Risk 

Management 

Framework

ARA has a framework that sets out the principles and approach in a robust system of 

controls and procedures to manage fraud risks. The processes established to identify areas 

exposed to fraud are clearly defined and incorporated in the Risk Profile Register.

Internal Code on 

Securities Dealing

ARA has an internal code which prohibits Directors and executives of the Group from 

dealing in its shares as well as in the units of public-listed REITs managed by the ARA Group, 

while in possession of unpublished material or non-public price sensitive information in 

relation to such securities and during the “black-out period” in respective jurisdictions.

Whistle Blowing Policy

ARA has a Whistle Blowing Policy which allows employees and external parties, in 

confidence, to report possible improprieties directly to the Board in a responsible and 

effective manner.

 

Social (for details, please follow this link)

Building Safety Policy

ARA is dedicated to ensuring the safety of tenants and visitors at its portfolio of properties 

is in compliance with all safety and security regulations. As an investor-cum-operator, ARA 

invests in quality properties with good design specifications, build quality and proper 

regulatory certifications. In assessing potential acquisitions, ARA appoints consultants to 

carry out mechanical &amp; electrical, and architectural evaluation on the building.

Cyber Security Policy

ARA recognises the increased risk of cyber-attacks and hence the importance of cyber 

security in the company. ARA will maintain, secure and ensure legal and appropriate 

use of ARA’s information technology (“IT”) infrastructure and system. ARA also seeks to 

enforce its IT policies, safeguard the integrity of computers, networks, data and all IT 

property interests to ensure that the use of electronic communications, computers, IT 

and network systems comply with its policies.

Personal Data 

Protection Policy Act

ARA respects the confidentiality of personal data and privacy of individuals, and are 

committed to complying with the Singapore Personal Data Protection Act (“PDPA”). The 

PDPA is designed to protect the confidentiality of data and the privacy of individuals by 

regulating the way in which personal data is managed, including outlining the purposes 

for which personal data is collected, used and disclosed.

Diversity and Equal

Opportunities Policy

ARA embraces diversity at workplace by hiring talent from different backgrounds, cultures 

and languages based on merit. It respects and appreciates differences in ethnicity, gender, 

age, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, education and religion. It also provides all 

employees with equal opportunities for skills training and development and rewards all 

employees fairly based on their performance and contribution.

Child or Forced Labour 

Policy

ARA prohibits the employment of anyone below the age of 13 years in any form of 

labour. It also does not tolerate forced labour of any kind, including slave labour, prison 

labour, indentured labour, or bonded labour, including forced overtime hours.

Health, Safety and 

Well-being Policy

ARA is committed to providing a healthy and safe environment for its employees, and 

ensuring that the operations comply with the relevant occupational health and safety 

regulations. In line with the Building Safety Policy, ARA provides a safe workplace for 

its employees to perform their work and regular safety inspections are carried out 

to prevent accidents. ARA is also focused on employee wellness and engagement by 

promoting positively work-life balance and encouraging its employees to lead an active 

and healthy lifestyle.

Performance and 

Career Development 

Policy

ARA recognises that its success is driven by a performance-based culture which emphasises 

on talent development, career advancement and employee training. ARA’s talent 

management programme provides developmental opportunities for its employees and 

grooms them into future leaders for critical positions across the region.

Sustainability Report 2019

 7










ARA Group-level Policies

 

Social (for details, please follow this link)

Remuneration Policy

ARA seeks to remain competitive by attracting and retaining the best talent. It conducts 

routine benchmarking exercises against different geographical markets and industries 

to ensure that its compensation packages are adequate and competitive in the market.

Employees are motivated and incentivised through a performance-based culture with 

competitive fixed and variable pay components. All employees are rewarded fairly 

based on their ability, contribution, performance and experience. 

Worker Rights Policy

ARA employees are entitled to fundamental employee rights at work. This includes 

the elimination of forced or compulsory labour, the abolition of child labour and the 

elimination of discrimination with respect to employment and occupation. ARA also 

abides by the Ministry of Manpower legislation for workplace safety and health, the 

Employment Act and the Central Provident Fund Act (“CPF Act”).

Quality of Assets &amp; 

Services Policy

ARA is committed to differentiate from its peers by providing exceptional quality of assets 

and services, to attract good tenants and high footfall to the properties and therefore 

deliver greater returns to the unitholders. ARA also strives to maintain high tenant 

satisfaction within its properties by understanding and responding to the needs of tenants.

 

Environment (for details, please follow this link)

Climate and  

Climate Change

Adaptation Policy

ARA is committed to identifying and responding to climate change risks, and to act on 

opportunities to enhance the company’s property portfolio. Managing the efficient use 

of electricity and water represents a dual opportunity to reduce its carbon and water 

footprint while saving on utility costs to improve returns to investors.

Environmental 

Attributes of Building 

Materials

ARA believes in valuing and protecting the environment through its procurement of 

building materials. Besides price and quality, ARA considers potential environmental 

and ecological impacts when sourcing for suppliers and contractors.

Energy Consumption 

and Management 

Policy

ARA is committed to improving energy efficiency and reducing energy consumption 

at the properties. It endeavours to work closely with property managers to educate 

tenants and to improve the operations, where possible.

GHG Emission and 

Management Policy

ARA is committed to minimising the emission of greenhouse gases (“GHG”) and the 

release of toxic or harmful materials from the properties. ARA also seeks to comply 

with the relevant environmental standards in countries where it operates, as well as, to 

monitor its buildings’ emission intensity in line with expectations in the industry.

Waste Management 

Policy

ARA recognises the impact of improper waste treatment and harm to the environment, 

which can be reduced through good waste management practices. It endeavours to work 

closely with property managers towards reducing waste, minimising non-recyclable waste 

and educating tenants and shoppers on appropriate practices, where possible.

Water Consumption 

and Management 

Policy

ARA recognises that water consumption is an important area for conservation of 

natural resources within its properties. It endeavours to make concerted efforts towards 

educating tenants and making improvements to the operations, where possible.

Environmental 

Compliance

ARA is committed to ensuring the health, safety and security of its stakeholders. All 

works are carried out in a safe and socially responsible manner which complies with 

regulations and fitting out guidelines. Regular on-site meetings are held to discuss 

progress and related issues on safety with tenants and contractors.

GOVERNANCE

RISK MANAGEMENT 

Suntec REIT has an Enterprise Risk Management 

(“ERM”) Framework6 which covers the management 

of its strategic enterprise, operational, financial and 

compliance risks. The ERM Framework considers 

the governance, socioeconomic and environmental 

aspects of the business and aims to provide reasonable 

assurance on compliance with relevant legislations and 

safeguarding of assets against material losses.

The strategic risks relate to sustainable long-

term growth of Suntec REIT through sound 

investment strategies, asset management and clear 

communications with stakeholders. The Manager is 

focused on achieving sustainable profitability, and 

balances risks and returns across its property portfolio, 

with strong corporate governance, accountability 

and transparency. The operational risks relate to the 

day-to-day management of the property portfolio, 

including human capital where there are established 

6  For more details on Suntec REIT’s risk management, please refer to page 56 of Suntec REIT’s Annual Report FY 2019 .

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

8 










GOVERNANCE

remuneration policies on compensation, benefits and 

succession planning. The financial risks relate to the 

impact to Suntec REIT’s financial position, arising from 

changes in market conditions such as liquidity, interest 

rates and credit exposures. The Manager’s approach is 

to ensure sufficient liquidity of Suntec REIT to meet its 

liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed 

conditions in its cash-flow projections. The compliance 

or risks relate to compliance with applicable laws and 

regulations which Suntec REIT is subjected to in the 

various jurisdictions which it operates.

BUSINESS ETHICS

The Manager seeks to uphold its ethical principles 

based on ARA’s core values of Respect, Excellence, 

Integrity and Teamwork in all its business activities. 

The Manager adheres to ARA’s Code of Ethics, Code 

of Business Conduct and measures put in place against 

fraud, corruption, insider trading and misuse of 

confidential information (collectively referred to as the 

“Codes” or “Governance Policies”).

The Manager’s zero tolerance towards wrongdoings and 

breaches of the Codes is communicated to all employees 

during the induction training. This is further confirmed 

by all employees during their annual declaration on 

compliance with these Governance Policies. Any non-

compliance with these policies will result in disciplinary 

action and/or immediate dismissal of the staff.

COMPLIANCE

The Manager adopts a comprehensive Compliance 

Framework established by the ARA Group. The 

Manager works closely with external legal professionals 

and the ARA Corporate Division on legal and 

regulatory matters, including changes to requirements. 

Adopting a proactive approach, the Manager 

participates regularly in consultations with authorities 

such as the Monetary Authority of Singapore and 

the SGX-ST and provides feedback on the regulatory 

regimes.

The Manager’s approach towards compliance is further 

detailed below in Figure 8.

Figure 8: Approach towards compliance 

Compliance Control

Self-Assessment

The Compliance Control Self-Assessment process evaluates the adequacy 

and effectiveness of internal controls in addressing compliance risks in 

specific areas. It is annually certified by the Manager and audited by 

independent professionals.

Training on the  

latest regulatory  

developments

Directors and management receive regular updates on regulatory 

requirements, such as the Securities &amp; Futures Act, Common Reporting 

Standards, Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act and Singapore Financial 

Reporting Standards. This is facilitated by the ARA Corporate Division and/

or external professionals.

Monitoring

The Company Secretaries and Internal Auditors ensure that Board 

procedures are duly followed and regularly reviewed for compliance. Any 

material non-compliance or weakness, including recommendations for 

improvements, is reported to the Audit Committee.

For FY 2019, the Manager has met its perpetual target of zero validated cases of corruption, fraud or non-

compliance with relevant laws, regulations and Governance Policies.

 

Perpetual Target

FY 2019 Performance

0 validated cases of corruption, fraud and non-compliance with relevant laws, 

regulations and Governance Policies

 Achieved

Sustainability Report 2019

 9










DELIVERING EXCEPTIONAL VALUE

QUALITY OF ASSETS AND SERVICES

The Manager believes that high quality assets attract 

good tenants and high footfall to the properties and 

therefore deliver greater returns to the unitholders. 

Strategically, the focus is on acquiring stable income- 

producing properties in strategic locations, while 

continuously improving the operational efficiency of 

the invested assets.

Sustainable design and planning are considered, 

where feasible, during the decision-making process for 

acquisition and asset enhancement of the properties. 

Relevant environmental and technical assessments are 

conducted on areas such as structural safety, mechanical 

&amp; electrical, and energy efficiencies. In addition, the 

Manager strives to maintain the environmental 

and energy efficiency ratings of the properties in 

Singapore and Australia. This was achieved in FY 

2019. Furthermore, in its day-to-day management, 

the Manager works closely with the property 

managers to optimise the sustainability performance 

of the properties. This involves the use of technology 

to monitor system performance and improve the 

efficiencies of facilities by fine-tuning the operation. 

Additionally, strict management during the renovation 

and upgrading works ensures high fit-out standards 

will contribute to an improvement in the assets’ overall 

environmental performances. 

Tenant satisfaction is integral to Suntec REIT’s 

continued commitment towards quality and business 

excellence. The Manager strives to maintain high 

tenant satisfaction within its properties. Feedback from 

tenants and visitors are gathered through the property 

managers, frequent face-to-face meetings, telephone 

conversations and/or online surveys. In FY 2019, 

following the feedback received from tenants, the end-

of-trip facility at 177 Pacific Highway was upgraded to 

provide an improved arrival experience and enhanced 

amenities for the occupiers cycling to work. 

In several properties, external consultants had been 

engaged periodically to study the tenants’ views on 

areas such as cleanliness, indoor air quality, thermal 

comfort and availability of natural light. Through 

these various engagements, the Manager can better 

understand the needs of tenants and tailor its efforts 

to meet them.

In addition, regular training has been provided to 

staff of the property managers to deliver service 

excellence. In line with the Singapore Workforce Skills 

Qualifications (WSQ)7, staff of the property managers 

in Singapore continued to attend employee trainings 

during FY 2019 to upgrade their skills and enhance 

productivity as well as obtain certifications. These 

trainings enable the property managers to uphold the 

quality of assets and services of Suntec REIT.

The Manager and property managers have clinched 

numerous accolades over the years, which reflect their 

commitment towards maintaining excellent standards 

in the quality of assets and services. Figure 9 shows the 

key awards and accolades attained. For other social 

and environmental awards and certifications relevant 

to the Manager and property managers, refer to pages 

13 and 20 of this report.

7  National Credential system that trains, develops, assesses and certifies skills and competencies for the workforce, both general and industry specific.



Entry passage way to end-of-trip facility



Shower facility



Locker area

UPGRADING OF END-OF-TRIP  

FACILITY AT 177 PACIFIC HIGHWAY

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

10 










DELIVERING EXCEPTIONAL VALUE

Figure 9: List of key awards and accolades for excellence 

Key Awards &amp; Accolades for Excellence

Property

 

2017 – 2019

Suntec City

• SRA Excellent Service Award (EXSA) 2019 - 2 Star awards, 5 Gold awards and 16 Silver awards 

(property manager)

Suntec 

Singapore

• Asian Federation of Exhibition &amp; Convention Associations Awards 2019 – Outstanding 

Consumer Exhibition (First Place)

• Asian Federation of Exhibition &amp; Convention Associations Awards 2019 – Outstanding 

Technology Solutions &amp; Services Award (Runner-up)

• Best Convention Centre 2019 - 9th Global Eventex Awards

• Corporate Excellence Award 2019 - Asia Pacific Entrepreneurship Awards

• Friend of the Arts Award 2019 - National Arts Council

• “Passion Made Possible” Unsung Hero Award 2019 - Siva Ramalinggam - Singapore Tourism 

Board &amp; Northstar Meetings Group

• World Travel Awards 2019, 2018 and 2017 – Asia’s Leading Meetings &amp; Convention Centre

• APAC Insider Singapore Business Awards 2018 – Meetings &amp; Conference Venue of the Year

• Global Association of the Exhibition Industry (UFI) Awards 2018 – Digital Innovation Award

• Marketing Events Awards 2018 – Best Homegrown Event

• World Travel Awards 2018 – World’s Leading Meetings &amp; Conference Centre

• Asian Federation of Exhibition &amp; Convention Associations Awards 2017 – Outstanding Venue 

(Runner-up)

• Campaign Events Impact Magazine Editors’ Choice 2017 – Best Convention &amp; Exhibition Centre

• Exhibition Showcase Magazine Exhibition Excellence Awards 2017 – Top Asian Venue

• HR Magazine Vendors of the Year 2017 – Best Training Venue (Gold)

• HRM Asia Readers’ Choice Awards 2017 – Best Corporate MICE Venue

ORQ

• SRA Excellent Service Award (EXSA) 2019 – 2 Star awards and 9 Silver awards (property manager)

MBFC 

Properties

• SRA Excellent Service Award (EXSA) 2019 – 2 Star awards and 9 Silver awards (property manager)

SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

Suntec REIT promotes sustainability in its supply chain 

processes. The supply chain ranges from cleaning, 

security, landscaping and renovation contractors, to 

professional service providers of banking, audit and tax 

services. The Manager conducts the relevant supplier 

pre-qualification assessment prior to the tender 

exercises and works closely with the property managers 

to ensure that service providers have sound business 

ethics and comply with the applicable employment 

and environmental laws and regulations. These include 

Singapore’s Workplace Safety and Health Act and 

Australia’s Work Health and Safety Act. On an annual 

basis, the Manager and property managers evaluate the 

performance of these suppliers and service providers 

to provide them feedback for improvements. Non-

compliant suppliers and service providers are penalised 

or terminated based on the contractual terms and are 

barred from providing services to the properties in the 

future. The Manager also ensures that suppliers are duly 

paid to safeguard creditor’s rights and interests.

SECURITY OF INFORMATION

The ever-changing IT landscape and emerging cyber 

threats pose risks and vulnerabilities to the stakeholders’ 

confidential data and information. Any breakdown 

in IT controls could cause data breaches and result 

in significant legal and reputational costs to the 

organisation. Guided by the ARA Group’s Cyber Security 

Policy, the Manager and property managers have 

established the IT controls and processes to safeguard 

the privacy and confidential information of stakeholders 

and to comply with the Personal Data Protection Act 

and Privacy Act in Singapore and Australia respectively.

Various IT controls are established to prevent, detect 

and respond to threats concerning security and 

confidentiality of data at the properties. These controls 

include firewalls, server encryption and restricted access 

rights. In addition, the ARA Group has established 

an IT Disaster Recovery Plan (“IT DRP”) that serves 

to minimise the Manager’s operational downtime 

and data loss, while ensuring a level of stability and 

orderly recovery. Briefings are held on a periodic basis 

to familiarise employees with the IT DRP procedures. 

Regular IT DRP exercises are carried out to simulate the 

scenario of a disaster and participants are relocated to 

an offsite centre with ready access to IT systems and 

restored database and files from the cloud backup.

For FY 2019, the Manager has met its target of zero 

validated cases of data breaches, non-compliance and 

substantiated complaints.

 

Perpetual Target

FY 2019 Performance

0 validated cases of data breaches, non-compliance with privacy laws and 

substantiated complaints relating to breaches of confidential information.

 Achieved

Sustainability Report 2019

 11










SOCIAL

TENANT AND VISITOR HEALTH,  

SAFETY AND SECURITY

The Manager recognises its responsibilities in ensuring 

the health, safety and security of its stakeholders, and 

works to inculcate a “safety first mindset” throughout 

its operations. Prudent management of this matter is 

vital for the Manager to enhance business resilience 

and respond swiftly to potential disruptions and 

challenges such as a pandemic. The Manager ensures 

the safety and security of the properties through the 

installation of security access control system (i.e. with 

access barriers and electromagnetic lock), closed-circuit 

television, deployment of security guards and put 

in place measures to comply with health and safety 

advisories directed by the authorities.

Regular inspections are carried out by the property 

managers to ensure a safe environment at the 

properties. To raise tenants’ and visitors’ awareness, 

fire drills and evacuation exercises are conducted to 

cover safety principles, fire hazards, use of preventive 

gears and exit routes.

In addition, the property managers ensure that all fitting 

out works are carried out in a safe and socially responsible 

manner, based on approved drawings which comply with 

regulations and fitting out guidelines. Regular on-site 

meetings and inspections are held together with the 

tenants to ensure safety and compliance.

During FY 2019, the Manager and property managers have 

undertaken numerous health, safety and security-related 

initiatives, which are summarised below in Figure 10.

For FY 2019, the Manager met its perpetual target 

of zero validated cases of non-compliance with 

relevant regulations and voluntary codes concerning 

health and safety across all properties. In addition, 

the Manager and property managers have received 

numerous accolades which are described in Figure 11, 

as a testimony of the effectiveness of the properties’ 

health and safety management systems.

 

Perpetual Target

FY 2019 Performance

0 validated cases of non-compliance with relevant regulations and voluntary codes 

concerning health and safety across all properties

 Achieved



K-Kardio organised for Suntec City tenants

Figure 10: Initiatives and actions for tenants and visitor health and safety

In collaboration with the 

Centre for Mindfulness, 

Mindfulness lunchtime 

talks were organised 

for tenants to promote 

wellness at work





Annual Community 

Emergency Preparedness 

Programme to educate 

tenants on basic life-saving 

and emergency skills

















Constant monitoring, regular 

assessment and appropriate 

servicing of the Automated 

External Defibrillators and 

other health, safety and 

security equipment





















Annual Workplace Safety 

and Health Exhibition to 

promote workplace safety 

awareness among visitors 

and retail shoppers

In collaboration with the 

Health Promotion Board, 

regular fitness activities 

such as Pilates, Yoga 

and Zumba classes were 

organised for tenants

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

12 










SOCIAL

Figure 11: List of key social awards and accolades 

Key Social Awards &amp; Accolades

Property

2017 – 2019

Suntec City

• Singapore Security Industry Awards 2019 – Excellence in Job Redesign Award

• Workplace Safety and Health Council (“WSHC”) (2017 – 2020) – bizSAFE level 3 

Certification

• National Fire and Civil Emergency Preparedness Council (“NFEC”) 2018 – Fire Safety 

Excellence Award

• National Safety and Security Watch Group Award 2018

• Company Emergency Response Team Challenge 2018

• Safety and Security Asia 2017 – Merlion Award for Smart Security Solution (Gold)

Suntec Singapore

• WSHC – bizSAFE Star Certification (2017 – 2020)

• National Safety and Security Watch Group Cluster Award 2018

• Recognised by WSG and Tripartite Partners as a Human Capital Partner

• National Trades Union Congress (“NTUC”) Health Volunteer Friends Award 2018

• Singapore Corporation of Rehabilitative Enterprises (“SCORE”) Sparks of Hope Award 

2018

• Asia Best Employer’s Award 2018 – Hospitality Sector

• The Global Association of the Exhibition Industry (“UFI”) Awards 2018 – Human 

Resources Award

• May Day Award Plaque of Gold 2018 – Progressive Employer Award

• Health Promotion Board Singapore HEALTH Awards 2017 – Certificate of Recognition

• HR Asia Best Companies to Work for in Singapore 2017 – Ranked #14

• National Arts Council Patron of the Arts 2017

ORQ

• ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health &amp; Safety ("OH&amp;S") Management Systems (2019 - 

2020) (property manager)

• Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Series (“OHSAS”) 18001 Occupational 

Health and Safety Management (2017 – 2020) (property manager)

• WSHC – Safety and Health Award Recognition for Projects (“SHARP”) 2018

• WSHC – bizSAFE Star Certification (2017 – 2020) (property manager)

• WSHC – Workplace Safety and Health Performance Award 2018 (Silver) (property 

manager)

• WSHC – bizSAFE Partner Certification (2018 – 2020) (property manager)

MBFC

Properties

• ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health &amp; Safety ("OH&amp;S") Management Systems (2019 - 

2020) (property manager)

• OHSAS 18001 Occupational Health and Safety Management (2017 – 2020)  

(property manager)

• WSHC – bizSAFE Star Certification (2017 – 2020) (property manager)

• WSHC – Workplace Safety and Health Performance Award 2018 (Silver) (property 

manager)

• WSHC – bizSAFE Partner Certification (2018 – 2020) (property manager)

Sustainability Report 2019

 13






























SOCIAL

Profile of the Workforce

Suntec REIT’s success is achieved through the dedication 

and contributions of the Manager’s employees 

from diverse backgrounds and age groups. All the 

employees of the Manager are based in Singapore and 

more than half of them are women who hold middle 

and senior management positions. The Manager has 

been providing stable employment in the past with 

no layoff through redundancy and its staff turnover 

is low despite the competitive nature of the fund 

management industry.

The Manager’s team comprises 19 full-time permanent 

employees based in Singapore, an overall increase of 1 

employee from 2018. During FY 2019, there were 3 new 

hires and 2 resignations. In FY 2018, there were 5 new 

hires, 2 resignations and 1 transfer to the ARA Group.

Figure 12: HR Strategy Framework

Talent 

Acquisition

Build High 

Performance 

Culture

Build Employee 

Connectivity &amp; 

Engagement

Develop 

Business 

Driven 

HR

Talent 

Strategy &amp; 

Planning

HR Strategy Framework

HUMAN CAPITAL

Human capital and development is a key part of Suntec REIT’s growth strategy.  This is achieved by continuously 

engaging and developing all employees through five main strategic focuses as described below:

Talent Strategy &amp; 

Planning: 

Enhance 

internal talent 

bench strength 

to support 

business growth 

through talent 

development and 

retention.

Talent Acquisition: 

Hire the right 

talent and profile 

to grow with the 

organisation.

High Performance 

Culture:  

Build a high-

performance 

culture that drives 

the individual 

and corporate to 

achieve superior 

results.

Employee 

Connectivity &amp; 

Engagement: 

Enhance employee 

connectivity and 

engagement 

through creating 

a family-oriented 

culture within an 

MNC environment.

Business Driven: 

Align HR 

framework with 

business needs 

and place it in the 

centre of business 

growth

1

2

3

4

5

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

14 










SOCIAL 

2017

2018

2019

31%

31%

38%

28%

28%

44%

26%

26%

48%

62%

19%

19%

55%

17%

28%

47%

16%

37%

75%

25%

72%

28%

74%

26%

Figure 13: Percentage composition of total employees, by gender, employee category and age

2017

2018

2019

2017

2018

2019

Employment Practices

Fair employment practices are some of the key factors 

in attracting and retaining employees. The Manager 

strives to be an employer of choice by promoting 

diversity, equality, personal development, mutual trust 

and teamwork at the workplace. Taking reference from 

the Tripartite Alliance for Fair Employment Practices in 

Singapore, the Manager embraces diversity by hiring 

talent from different backgrounds and cultures based 

on meritocracy and providing equitable opportunities 

and treatment to its employees. The Manager complies 

with the Singapore’s labour laws and employment acts 

and it also supports the national Work Right initiative 

in relation to the Employment Act and CPF Act.

Employees are provided with the Employee Handbook 

which details the Human Resources (“HR”) policies, 

terms and conditions of employment, benefits and 

entitlements. The Manager adopts the ARA Group’s 

open-door policy in sharing ideas and feedback during 

luncheons and get-togethers with senior management, 

team-building activities and cohesion programmes.



Suntec REIT cohesion



ARA family day

■ Male

■ Female

■ Senior Management

■ Middle Management

■ Executive

■ Age &gt; 50

■ Age 30 – 50

■ Age &lt; 30

ARA lunchtime talk



Employee wellness and work-life balance is a key 

emphasis at the workplace. Benefits such as health 

care, disability and invalidity coverage, marriage leave, 

parental leave and retirement provision are provided 

to all employees. Employees engage in various activities 

such as social events (e.g. ARA Family Day 2019, Annual 

Chinese New Year Cocktail Party and Bring Your Child 

to Work Day) to health and fitness programmes (e.g. 

health screening, stress relief lunch talks, yoga and 

Zumba classes). 

Sustainability Report 2019

 15










SOCIAL

 

Perpetual Target

FY 2019 Performance

0 validated cases of non-compliance with employment regulations or acts concerning 

employee rights

 Achieved

ARA is a big supporter of Corporate Social 

Responsibility ("CSR") and annually plans and involves 

employees in various CSR activities. In 2019, activities 

such as the NTUC First Campus BHF Family &amp; School 

Together Event - Visit to the Zoo, JP Morgan Run, SGX 

Bull Charge and Tana River Life Foundation Mitumba 

Project were well participated. These CSR activities 

provides a platform for employees to give back to 

society and individuals who contributed greatly to 

these activities and initiatives are recognised bi-

annually with the ARA CSR Champion Award.

For FY 2019, the Manager has met its target of zero 

validated cases of non-compliance with employment 

regulations or acts concerning employee rights.







ARA for the Tana River Life Foundation Mitumba

ARA Group participated in the JP Morgan Run



ARA participated in the SGX Bull Charge

ARA visit to the Zoo

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

16 












SOCIAL 

In FY 2019, ARA was awarded the Silver award for 

Excellence in Workplace Wellbeing category for 

the 2019 HR Excellence Awards held. The award 

recognises workplace wellbeing programmes 

that have been carefully designed to promote a 

company culture that is safe and open alongside 

supportive colleagues and smart benefits. These 

include having an open concept office, well-

stocked staff lounge and subsidised staff cafeteria. 

CASE STUDY: EXCELLENCE IN WORKPLACE WELLBEING

 

FY 2019 Target

FY 2019 Performance

Providing an average of 26 training hours per employee per annum

 Achieved

Figure 14: Average training hours of employees, by gender and employee category

33

40

57

40

29

30

2017

2018

2019

■ Male

■ Female

2017

2018

2019

34

25

30

47

98

27

36

34

39

■ Executive

■ Middle Management

■ Senior Management

Talent Development

The Manager is committed to investing in employee 

training and development to build a competitive 

and sustainable workforce. In line with ARA Group’s 

Performance and Career Development policy, a well- 

structured employment category and grading system is 

put in place to provide a clear progression path for all 

employees.

The ARA Group’s HR department works closely 

with the CEO and Heads of Department to identify 

learning needs of employees based on the ARA 

Competency Framework of Self Mastery, People Skills, 

Business Alignment, and Strategic Alignment. The 

HR department supports the Manager with suitable 

training programmes, where employees are kept 

updated on their individual training needs as well 

as the relevant courses and seminars to attend. A 

bi-annual training newsletter is also circulated to 

all employees, to keep them informed of the latest 

training trends and developments.

Adopting an Open Appraisal System, the CEO and Heads 

of Department conduct face-to-face meetings with 

each employee to discuss his or her job performance, 

including the areas of responsibilities and improvements. 

In addition, review sessions are done mid-year to 

provide feedback and guidance to employees to ensure 

that the work plan progress toward the goals set is on 

track. The Manager also promotes a responsible culture 

by integrating performance of the ESG targets in the 

remuneration package of the employees. In FY 2019, all 

employees received their performance review.

The Manager surpassed its target of providing an 

average of 26 training hours per employee in FY 2019. 

The average training hours per employee was 35 hours 

for FY 2019, as compared to 55 hours in FY 2018.

For FY 2020, the Manager maintains the target of 

providing an average of 26 training hours per employee.

Other employee-friendly policies include having 

flexible working hours, fitness centre subsidy, 

annual health screening, zoo membership, facilities 

access (i.e. swimming pool, tennis court), dental 

claims and insurance benefits. A staff engagement 

and wellness survey results highlighted clear 

endorsements to the successful efforts of ARA 

in building a strong emotional connectivity and 

engagement to the Company. 

Sustainability Report 2019

 17












Continuous development of internal talent and 

employee engagement constitutes two of the five 

main pillars to ARA’s corporate HR strategy.

The ARA Corporate Training held annually is an 

example that fulfils the key objectives of these 

two pillars. On top of acquiring new skills for 

the employees during this event, this is also an 

opportunity to bring the ARA family closer together. 

CASE STUDY: CORPORATE TRAINING





The Corporate Training also creates a platform for 

Senior Management to interact with all employees, 

and to provide updates on the company’s progress 

prior to commencement of the training. During the 

2019 Corporate Training, an external trainer was 

engaged to provide a workshop on DiSC assessment 

tailored for each ARA employee.

Occupational Health and Safety

The Manager values the health, safety and well-being 

of its employees, as positive morale and satisfaction 

directly contribute to productivity and retention levels.

 In line with the Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety 

and Security initiatives mentioned in earlier section, 

the Manager actively promotes a safety culture that 

has no tolerance for injuries at the workplace. The 

Manager is committed to ensuring that its operations 

comply with the relevant Occupational Health 

and Safety regulations. Fire drills and evacuation 

exercises are conducted to cover safety principles, 

fire hazards, preventive gears, exit routes, and raise 

employee awareness and preparedness. Regular safety 

inspections are also carried out at the workplace to 

ensure that it is a safe environment.

The Manager works closely with the property managers 

to drive the occupational health and safety message 

at various offices. The property managers have 

established policies which govern the management 

and monitoring of health and safety risks. In addition, 

formal joint management-worker committees are 

set up at the properties’ level to cultivate a positive 

health and safety mind-set for its employees. These 

committees monitor and implement health and safety 

programmes as well as encourage employees to 

participate actively.

During FY 2019, the Manager has achieved its 

perpetual target of zero cases of reportable work-

related injuries for its employees. In addition, the 

employee absentee rate remained at a low level of 

1.72% in FY 2019 and at 0.71% in FY 2018.

 

Perpetual Target

FY 2019 Performance

0 cases of reportable work-related injuries for employees

 Achieved

SOCIAL

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

18 










ENVIRONMENT

The Manager is committed to identifying and 

responding to climate change risks and environmental 

impacts on its portfolio of properties. Adopting a 

holistic approach in addressing the threat of climate 

change through mitigation and adaptation efforts, the 

Manager focuses on improving energy performance and 

efficiency measures, as well as building resilience across 

our properties. In this report, the environmental data 

on fuel, electricity, water and waste are presented with 

narratives on the consumption trends and fluctuations.

ENERGY CONSUMPTION AND CARBON FOOTPRINT

The Manager recognises the impact of its business on 

the environment. With grid electricity being the main 

source of energy for its properties, higher electricity 

consumption would directly translate into higher 

carbon emissions. The Manager seeks to improve 

the energy efficiency of the properties to reduce its 

carbon footprint and thereby reducing utility costs. 

While the Manager and property managers do not 

have operational control over tenants’ electricity 

consumption, resources have been deployed at the 

property-level to enhance the ecosystem of the 

buildings, raise environmental awareness and foster 

energy conservation. The environmental data and 

graphs in this section are based on the equity share 

approach, and include both the tenanted and  

common areas of the properties.

Some of the properties’ environmental initiatives are 

highlighted below:

The Manager strives to achieve and maintain green building certifications and ratings for its properties. These 

include Singapore Building and Construction Authority (“BCA”) Green Mark certification, the National Australian 

Built Environment Rating System (“NABERS”) and the Green Building Council of Australia (“GBCA”) Green Star 

rating. The certifications and ratings for each property are highlighted in Figure 16.

Figure 15: Initiatives and actions for energy and emission management

Optimise buildings’ 

heating, ventilation and 

air-conditioning system

Engage tenants to 

adjust air-condition 

temperature to 

suit the indoor 

environment

Utilise motion 

sensors to turn off 

non-essential or 

idle facilities such as 

lighting and elevators

Upgrade buildings’ 

fixtures with efficient 

technology, including 

retrofitting of energy- 

saving LED lighting etc.

Encourage tenants 

to adopt green 

office operational 

standards and 

certifications

Implement the 

Climate Action Pledge 

to further review and 

improve consumption 

of resources

















































Sustainability Report 2019

 19










ENVIRONMENT

Figure 16: List of key environmental awards and accolades

Key Environmental and Green Building Certifications for Suntec REIT’s properties  (2017 – 2019)

Suntec City Mall

• BCA – Green Mark Gold (2019-2022)

Suntec Singapore

• BCA – Green Mark Gold (2019-2022)

• EarthCheck – Bronze (2017)

ORQ

• BCA – Green Mark Platinum (2019-2022)

• ISO14001:2015 Environmental Management System (2017 – 2020) (property manager)

MBFC Properties

• BCA – Green Mark Platinum (2017 – 2020)

• ISO14001:2015 Environmental Management System (2017 – 2020) (property manager)

177 Pacific Highway

• GBCA – 5 Star Green Star, Office Design v3 Certified Rating (design stage)

• NABERS – 5.5 Star Energy Rating and 4 Star Water rating (2018 – 2020)

Southgate Complex

• NABERS – 4 Star Energy Rating (2018-2019) and 4.5 Star Energy Rating (2019-2020) for IBM 

Tower, and 4.5 Star Energy Rating (without Greenpower) (2018-2020) for HWT Tower

• NABERS water assessment – 3 Star Rating (2018-2019) and 3.5 Star Rating (2019-2020) for 

IBM Tower, and 4 Star Rating (2018-2020) for HWT Tower



















Total Energy Consumption and Energy Intensity 

In FY 2019, Suntec REIT’s total energy consumption (i.e. fuel and electricity) was 155,157 MWh and the average 

energy intensity was 274 kWh/sqm. These have stayed relatively consistent when compared to FY 2018 level. 

Electrical consumption accounted for about 97.2% of total energy consumption, with the remaining 2.8% from 

fuel (i.e. natural gas, diesel and cooking gas) consumption. Majority of the fuel consumption arose from our 

properties in Australia, where natural gas is required for heating during the winter months.

In relation to properties located in Australia where climate conditions, building systems and energy consumption 

differ from the Singapore properties, the operation demand and climate conditions specific to these countries are 

being reflected in the energy consumption trends accordingly.

Note to above graph: Suntec REIT average energy intensity is computed based on total energy consumption divided by total gross floor area 

("GFA") of Suntec REIT properties. The total energy consumptions and intensity for Australia in FY 2017 &amp; FY 2018 are restated for comparability 

with FY 2019. The restatements are due to revision in Southgate Complex’s reported energy consumption and GFA, and 177 Pacific Highway’s 

reported GFA.

Figure 18: Energy intensity by country (kWh/sqm)

Figure 17: Total energy consumption by country (MWh)  

Total Energy Consumption (MWh)

180,000

160,000

140,000

120,000

100,000

80,000

60,000

40,000

20,000

0

2017

2018

2019

■ Singapore   ■ Australia

136,580

12,535

18,365

155,708

149,115

137,686

17,471

155,157

137,343

Energy intensity (kwh/sqm)

350

300

250

200

150

100

50

0

2017

2018

2019

— Singapore   — Australia   — Suntec REIT Average

296

164

277

297

178

276

297

170

274

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

20 










ENVIRONMENT

Total Carbon Emission and Carbon Emission Intensity

Of the total 70,775 tonnes CO2 carbon emission for FY 2019, the direct (Scope 1) GHG emission was 893 tonnes 

(1.3%) and the indirect (Scope 2) GHG emission was 69,882 tonnes (98.7%). The total carbon emission and carbon 

emission intensity remained similar to FY 2018 level.

When compared to FY 2018, the average carbon emission intensity in FY 2019 was reduced by 0.65%.

Initiatives on Energy Optimisation

In FY 2019, the property managers of Suntec REIT embarked on several initiatives to optimise energy efficiency 

across the properties. For Suntec City, the condenser water pumps and cooling tower fans control were 

optimised to match the cooling demand. The property managers of ORQ, MBFC, Suntec City and Southgate 

also fine-tuned the operations and demand controls of chillers, AHU and air-side equipment to optimise energy 

consumption. In addition, significant number of lights at ORQ, MBFC and Suntec City were progressively 

replaced with high efficient LED light fittings.

In terms of business activities in FY 2019, there was an increase in demand for energy arising from the tenants’ 

needs in some of the properties. Specifically, there was a 5.8% increase in tenants in Suntec City Mall and a 14.8% 

increase in number of events in Suntec Convention. 

Despite the increase in business activities in FY 2019, the energy optimisation initiatives contributed to an overall 

reduction of 0.65% in carbon emission intensity. Putting aside the increase in business activities, the energy 

optimisation initiatives would have contributed to the overall reduction in the carbon emission intensity and in 

achieving the target of 1.5% reduction from the FY 2018 baseline. On this basis8, the adjusted reduction in carbon 

emission intensity in FY 2019 was 3.85%.

Note to above graph: The carbon emission factors are different for the two countries and are dependent on the type of electricity generating 

plant (e.g. coal fired or natural gas fired). The carbon emission factor in Australia is higher than Singapore. Carbon emission is computed based on 

conversion factor applicable for that country and the average carbon emission intensity is the total carbon emission divided by total gross floor area 

of Suntec REIT properties. Total energy consumption and intensity for Australia in FY 2017 &amp; FY 2018 are restated for comparability with FY 2019. The 

restatements are due to revision in Southgate Complex’s reported energy consumption and GFA, and 177 Pacific Highway’s reported GFA.

Figure 20: Carbon emission intensity by country  

(kg CO2 /sqm)

Carbon emission intensity (kg CO2/sqm)

2017

2018

2019

— Singapore   — Australia   — Suntec REIT Average

122.3

125.9

132.1

125.4

124.5

124.9

125.1

127.7

124.5

140

135

130

125

120

115

110

Figure 19: Total carbon emission by country  

(tonnes CO2)

Total Carbon emission (tonnes CO2)

80,000

70,000

60,000

50,000

40,000

30,000

20,000

10,000

0

2017

2018

2019

■ Singapore   ■ Australia

57,923

57,532

71,128

67,276

57,633

70,775

9,353

13,596

13,142

8  The FY 2018 baseline data was adjusted to factor in the total number of retail tenants and convention events occurred in FY 2019.

To align with the portfolio’s long-term asset planning and management strategy, the Manager has reviewed the buildings’ 

performance and established a new 5-year environmental target to reduce the energy intensity by 3.0% in 2024 from FY 

2019 baseline. This is in view of the optimal energy efficiencies attained by the buildings’ design and infrastructure.

 

FY 2019 Target

FY 2019 Performance

To reduce carbon emission intensity by 1.5% in FY 2019 from FY 2018 levels

 Achieved

Sustainability Report 2019

 21










ENVIRONMENT

WATER MANAGEMENT

The Manager recognises that water scarcity has an immense impact to the society and environment. In line with 

ARA Group’s Water Consumption and Management Policy, the Manager seeks to promote the responsible use and 

management of water and improve its efficiencies across the properties. Working with the property managers, 

collaborative efforts have been taken in educating tenants, who account for the bulk of water consumption, and 

raising awareness on water conservation. In addition, various initiatives and actions for water management are in 

place as highlighted below.

Figure 21: Initiatives and actions for water management

Installation of leak 

detection system for 

early warning to

minimise water 

leakage and 

damage

Regularly monitor 

records of the 

water consumption 

rate to identify 

water savings and 

remedial measures

Minimise water 

wastage by reducing 

usage time of “push-

button” taps from eight 

seconds to four seconds

Communicate 

water conservation 

awareness among 

tenants/shoppers

Setting up of auto

shut-off valve 

systems in restrooms 

to minimise water 

leakage

Rainwater collection 

systems at selected 

rooftops which are 

subsequently used for 

irrigation of plants, 

general cleaning, etc.

Implement a Water 

Efficient Management 

Plan to track leakage 

and wastage

























































Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

22 










ENVIRONMENT

Total Water Consumption and Water Consumption Intensity

Suntec REIT’s properties obtain water from municipal water supply. In FY 2019, the total water consumption for 

properties in Singapore and Australia was 917,904 m3, representing a 13.9% reduction from FY 2018 levels. 

The water consumption intensity of the Australia properties achieved a 3.1% reduction while the water consumption 

intensity of the Singapore properties achieved a 14.9% reduction in FY 2019. The decrease in water consumption level 

was partly attributed to the various water efficiency initiatives implemented for water management in FY 2019.

The aggregated water consumption intensity was 1.62 m3/m2 which was 14.0% lower than FY 2018 level.

Volume of Water Consumption (’000 m3)

1,200

1,000

800

600

400

200

0

2017

2018

2019

■ Singapore   ■ Australia

871

986

80

841

77

Figure 22: Water consumption by country (’000 m3)

50

Water Intensity (cubic m/sqm)

2

1.5

1

0.5

0

2017

2018

2019

— Singapore   — Australia   — Suntec REIT Average

0.65

1.71

1.89

0.78

1.89

2.13

0.75

1.62

1.82

Figure 23: Water intensity by country (m3/m2)

2.5

Note to the above graph: Suntec REIT average water intensity is computed based on total water consumption divided by total GFA of Suntec 

REIT properties. The total water consumptions and intensity for Australia in FY 2017 &amp; FY 2018 are restated for comparability with FY 2019. The 

restatements are due to revision in Southgate Complex’s reported water consumption and GFA, and 177 Pacific Highway’s reported GFA.

To align with the portfolio’s long-term asset planning and management strategy, the Manager has reviewed 

the buildings’ performance and established a new 5-year environmental target to maintain the overall average 

water intensity up to 2024 from FY 2019 baseline. This is in view of the optimal water efficiencies attained by the 

buildings’ design and infrastructure.

 

FY 2019 Target

FY 2019 Performance

To maintain water intensity in FY 2019 from FY 2018 levels

 Achieved

921

1,066

918

Sustainability Report 2019

 23










ENVIRONMENT

WASTE MANAGEMENT

The Manager believes that proper waste management 

is important for the environment and human health. 

In line with ARA Group’s Waste Management Policy, 

various steps and initiatives are undertaken to manage 

the generation and disposal of waste. In addition, 

concerted measures are taken by the Manager together 

with the property managers to drive waste reduction 

and raise awareness on recycling as described below.

In FY 2019, the amount of recyclable waste generated 

increased by 31% from 534 tonnes in FY 2018 to 

700 tonnes, which was in line with the initiatives to 

encourage tenants to recycle.

Figure 24: Initiatives and actions for waste management

CASE STUDY: SOUTHGATE COMPLEX AND 177 PACIFIC HIGHWAY RAINWATER HARVESTING



During times of frequent or large storm events 

in many urban areas, sewer systems are often 

overwhelmed and runoff which is a combination 

of rainwater, oil, grease, heavy metals, pesticides 

and sometimes even raw sewage maybe discharged 

directly into the lakes, rivers and oceans.

Southgate Complex had modified a section of the 

property’s roof to harvest rainwater into flusher 

tanks to reduce the building’s reliance on portable 

water. This initiative is estimated to harvest around 

330,000 litres of rainwater per annum.

177 Pacific Highway had in place a stormwater 

harvest system since the building was commissioned 

and has harvested approximately 4,300,000 litres of 

rainwater in 2019.





















































Organise various 

recycling programs 

and partnership 

with tenant on 

recycling intiatives

Constant 

communication on 

positive and efficient 

waste management 

practices via posters 

and notices

Providing separate 

waste stations in 

kitchen areas for 

general, co-mingled 

and green waste

Collection of 

e-waste and 

disposed 

light bulbs

Encourage removal 

of waste bins 

underneath office 

desks to promote 

recycling 

Firm commitment 

to purchase recycled 

office products

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

24 










ENVIRONMENT

To align with the portfolio’s long-term asset planning and management strategy, the Manager will continue to drive waste 

reduction and raise awareness on recycling.



Marina Bay Link Mall was awarded the 3R Award 

2019 (Merit) by the National Environmental Agency, 

which recognises shopping malls and retail tenants in 

Singapore that have made notable contributions to 

waste minimisation through the implementation of 

3R (reduce, reuse, recycle) practices at their premises.

On top of regularly promoting and encouraging 

tenant and shoppers to recycle, innovative 

initiatives, such as bio-degradable plastic for wet 

umbrella sleeve and trash bag were rolled out to 

reduce environmental impact contributed by the 

Mall’s operation.

CASE STUDY: MARINA BAY LINK MALL



Figure 25: Total weight of recyclable and non-recyclable waste by country (tonnes)

Total Recyclable (tonnes)

800

700

600

500

400

300

200

100

0

2017

2018

2019

■ Singapore   ■ Australia

239

309

225

408

292

Total Non-Recyclable (tonnes)

8,000

7,000

6,000

5,000

4,000

3,000

2,000

1,000

0

2017

2018

2019

■ Singapore   ■ Australia

6,112

624

6,167

617

103

6,179

409

342

534

700

6,588

6,736

6,784

Sustainability Report 2019

 25










METHODOLOGICAL REVIEW

This section explains the key definitions and methodologies applied for Suntec REIT’s sustainability report. These 

are adapted in the context of the GRI Standards Glossary and the Reporting Requirements, Recommendations and 

Guidance set out in the respective disclosures and various authoritative intergovernmental instruments.

SOCIAL

Employee

Employees are defined as individuals who are in an employment relationship with the Manager.

New hires and turnover

Employee movement within each financial year is recorded and presented as at year-end headcount.

New hires are defined as new employees that have joined the Manager during the year.

Turnover is defined as all employees that have left the Manager voluntarily, or due to dismissal, retirement or death 

in service during the year.

Absentee days and absentee rate

Absentee days are measured in terms of the number of business days. An absentee day occurs when the employee 

is absent from work because of any incapacity, not just as a result of work-related injury or disease. It excludes 

permitted leave absences such as holidays, study, parental and compassionate leave.

Absentee rate is the total absentee days lost, relative to the total days scheduled to be worked by the employees 

in the reporting period, expressed as a percentage.

Training hours

Average training hours per employee is the total number of training hours provided to employees, relative to the 

total number of employees, during the year.

Average training hours per female/male employee is the total number of training hours provided to female/male 

employees, relative to the total number of female/male employees, during the year.

Average training hours per employee category is the total number of training hours provided to each category of 

employees, relative to the total number of employees in the category, during the year.

ENVIRONMENT

Consolidation approach

The equity share approach, as outlined in the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard, is used to determine organisational 

boundaries for Suntec REIT’s environmental reporting. The respective ownership for each property as reflected in 

the reported environmental data is as follows:

Property

Ownership

2017

2018

2019

Suntec Office

59.1%

59.1%

59.1%

Suntec City Mall

100.0%

100.0%

100.0%

Suntec Singapore

60.8%

60.8%

60.8%

ORQ

33.3%

33.3%

33.3%

MBFC Properties

33.3%

33.3%

33.3%

177 Pacific Highway

100.0%

100.0%

100.0%

Southgate Complex

25.0%

50.0%

50.0%

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

26 










METHODOLOGICAL REVIEW

Energy consumption within the organisation

Purchased electricity is the most significant form of energy that Suntec REIT properties consume. Other forms 

of consumed energy are natural gas, cooking gas and diesel fuel. The total energy consumption is expressed in 

megawatt hours (symbol: MWh).

Energy intensity

The metric selected to calculate the respective energy intensity ratios is the square metre (symbol: m2). The ratio is 

calculated by the energy consumed, relative to the total gross floor area of Suntec REIT properties.

GHG emissions

This report discloses the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions for Suntec REIT properties.

• Scope 1 GHG emissions are emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by the organisation. In the scope 

of reporting, this relates to natural gas, cooking gas and diesel fuel consumed and it is expressed in tonnes of CO2. 

The fossil fuels' emission factors follow the 2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories.

• Scope 2 GHG emissions are emissions that result from the generation of purchased or acquired electricity, heating, 

cooling, and steam consumed by the organisation. In the scope of reporting, this only relates to purchased 

electricity and is expressed in tonnes of CO2. A location-based method is adopted, which reflects the GHG emissions 

of the grids on which energy consumption occurs. In Singapore, the emission factor used is obtained from 

“Singapore Energy Statistics 2019” published by the Energy Market Authority. In Australia, the emission factors 

used are the latest estimate of the grid emission factors of New South Wales and Victoria, the territories where 

the Australian properties are located in. Data is obtained from the “National Greenhouse Accounts Factors”, 

published by the Department of the Environment and Energy in 2019.

GHG emissions intensity

The metric selected to calculate the respective GHG emissions intensity ratios is the kilogramme of Carbon Dioxide 

/ square metre (symbol: (kg CO2 /m

2). The ratio is calculated by the GHG emissions relative to the total gross floor 

area of Suntec REIT properties.

Water consumption

Municipal water utilities are the only significant sources of water withdrawn by Suntec REIT properties and it is 

expressed in cubic metres (symbol: m3). For some properties, rainwater is collected directly and stored for usage. 

However, rainwater data is currently unavailable for disclosure. The total volume of water consumed is provided 

with a breakdown by country.

Water Intensity

The metric selected to calculate the respective water intensity ratio is the cubic metres / square metre (symbol: m

3/m

2). 

The ratio is calculated by the volume of water consumed, relative to the total gross floor area of Suntec REIT properties.

Waste

Waste generated and disposed by the properties and are expressed in tonnes, with a breakdown of recyclable and 

non-recyclable waste, by country.

Sustainability Report 2019

 27










GRI CONTENT INDEX

Reference:

SR – Suntec REIT’s Sustainability Report 2019

AR – Suntec REIT’s Annual Report 2019

GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference(s) or Reasons for Omission (if applicable)

General Disclosures

Organisational Profile

102-1

Name of the organisation

About Suntec REIT (SR Pg 1)

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

About Suntec REIT (SR Pg 1), Property Portfolio 

(AR Pg 24 – 48)

102-3

Location of headquarters

About Suntec REIT (SR Pg 1)

102-4

Location of operations

About Suntec REIT (SR Pg 1)

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Trust Structure and Organisation Chart (AR Pg 14),

Notes to the Financial Statements (AR Pg 95 – 150)

102-6

Markets served

Property Portfolio (AR Pg 24 – 48)

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Profile of the Workforce (SR Pg 14),

Financial Highlights (AR Pg 12), Unit Performance 

(AR Pg 13),

Manager’s Report (AR Pg 20-23)

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Profile of the Workforce (SR Pg 14 – 15), 

Management Team (AR Pg 19)

102-9

Supply chain

Supply Chain Management (SR Pg 11)

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain

Year in Review (AR Pg 9), Chairman’s Report 

(AR Pg 10 – 11)

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

Risk Management (SR Pg 8 – 9),  

Risk Management (AR Pg 56)

102-12

External initiatives

The Manager participates in various national 

and industry efforts towards economic growth, 

good corporate governance, environmental 

conservation, education, and community 

development. The Group is represented in several 

industry bodies or funding the causes of various 

organisations, such as the Asia Pacific Real 

Estate Association, Singapore Chinese Chamber 

of Commerce and Industry, REIT Association of 

Singapore, Singapore Green Building Council, 

Singapore Institute of Directors, Investor Relations 

Professionals Association (Singapore), and 

Securities Investors Association (Singapore).

102-13

Membership of associations

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Board Statement (SR Pg 2), Chairman’s Report 

(AR Pg 10 – 11)

Ethic and Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour

Business Ethics (SR Pg 9)

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics

Whistle-Blowing Policy (AR Pg 70)

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

28 










GRI CONTENT INDEX

GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference(s) or Reasons for Omission (if applicable)

General Disclosures

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

Governance (SR Pg 6),

Trust Structure and Organisation Chart (AR Pg 14)

102-20

Executive-level responsibility for economic, 

environmental, and social topics

Governance (SR Pg 6),

The Board’s Conduct of Affairs (AR Pg 59)

102-22

Composition of the highest governance body and 

its committees

Board of Directors (AR Pg 17 – 20),

Board Composition and Guidance (AR Pg 62 – 64)

102-23

Chair of the highest governance body

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (AR Pg 64)

102-24

Nominating and selecting the highest governance 

body

Board Membership and Performance 

(AR Pg 64 – 66)

102-25

Conflicts of interest

Dealings in Suntec REIT units (AR Pg 76),

Dealing with Conflicts of Interest (AR Pg 77),

Dealing with Interested Person Transactions 

(AR Pg 77 – 79)

102-26

Role of highest governance body in setting 

purpose, values, and strategy

Board Statement (SR Pg 2),

The Board’s Conduct of Affairs (AR Pg 59),

Risk Management and Internal Controls 

(AR Pg 69 – 70)

102-29

Identifying and managing economic, 

environmental, and social impacts

Board Statement (SR Pg 2),

The Board’s Conduct of Affairs (AR Pg 59),

Risk Management and Internal Controls 

(AR Pg 69 – 70)

102-30

Effectiveness of risk management processes

Risk Management and Internal Controls 

(AR Pg 69 – 70)

102-32

Highest governance body’s role in sustainability 

reporting

Board Statement (SR Pg 2), Governance (SR Pg 6)

102-35

Remuneration policies

Remuneration Matters (AR Pg 66 – 68)

102-36

Process for determining remuneration

Remuneration Matters (AR Pg 66 – 68)

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder Engagement (SR Pg 3)

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

All employees within the scope of this report are 

not covered by collective bargaining agreements, 

as they are professionals.

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Stakeholders are entities or individuals that can 

reasonably be expected to be significantly affected 

by the Manager’s activities, portfolio and services, 

or whose actions can reasonably be expected to 

affect the ability of the Manager to successfully 

implement its strategies and achieve its objectives.

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder Engagement (SR Pg 3)

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder Engagement (SR Pg 3)

Sustainability Report 2019

 29










GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference(s) or Reasons for Omission (if applicable)

General Disclosures

Reporting Practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements

Notes to the Financial Statements (AR Pg 98 - 100)

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

Reporting Framework (SR Pg 2), Materiality 

Assessment (SR Pg 4)

102-47

List of material topics

Materiality Assessment (SR Pg 4 – 5)

102-48

Restatement of information

In FY 2019, following restatement of information 

were made:

1. Total energy consumption in Australia (i.e. 

previously disclosed in FY 2018 report as 

21,539MWh in 2017 and 36,329Mwh in 2018 

were restated as 12,535MWh and 18,365Mwh 

respectively) due to a revision in reported 

consumption.

2. Total water consumption in Australia (i.e. 

previously disclosed in FY 2018 report as 

116,000m3 in 2017 and 206,000m3 in 2018 were 

restated as 50,000m3 and 80,000m3 respectively) 

due to a revision in reported consumption.

3. Gross floor area of Australia properties on 

100% basis (i.e. 116,202m2 used in 2017 and 

2018 was restated to 155,783m2) due to a 

revision in reported floor area.

102-49

Changes in reporting

No change in the list of material topic and topic 

boundaries (SR Pg 4 – 5)

102-50

Reporting period

Reporting Period (SR Pg 2)

102-51

Date of most recent report

Suntec REIT’s second sustainability report was 

published in May 2019.

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

Feedback (SR Pg 3)

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards

Reporting Framework (SR Pg 2)

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index (SR Pg 28 – 33)

102-56

External assurance

Assurance was not obtained for this report

Material Topic: Corporate Governance

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Governance (SR Pg 6 – 9)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Governance (SR Pg 6 – 9)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Governance (SR Pg 6 – 9)

Anti-corruption

205-2

Communication and training about anti- 

corruption policies and procedures

Business Ethics (SR Pg 9)

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

Business Ethics (SR Pg 9)

Environmental Compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations

Compliance (SR Pg 9)

Socioeconomic Compliance

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area

Compliance (SR Pg 9)

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

30 










GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference(s) or Reasons for Omission (if applicable)

Material Topic: Energy and Carbon Footprint

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint 

(SR Pg 19 – 22)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Governance (SR Pg 6 – 9), Energy Consumption 

and Carbon Footprint (SR Pg 19 – 22)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint 

(SR Pg 19 – 22)

Energy

302-1

Energy consumption within the organisation

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint 

(SR Pg 20)

302-3

Energy intensity

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint 

(SR Pg 20)

CRE-1

Building energy intensity

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint 

(SR Pg 20)

Emissions

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint 

(SR Pg 21)

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint 

(SR Pg 21)

305-4

GHG emissions intensity

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint 

(SR Pg 21)

CRE-3

GHG emissions intensity from buildings

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint 

(SR Pg 21)

Material Topic: Water Management

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Water Management (SR Pg 22 – 23)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Governance (SR Pg 6 – 9), Water Management 

(SR Pg 22 – 23)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Water Management (SR Pg 22 – 23)

Water

303-1

Water withdrawal by source

Water Management (SR Pg 23)

CRE-2

Building water intensity

Water Management (SR Pg 23)

Material Topic: Occupational Health and Safety

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Occupational Health and Safety (SR Pg 18)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Governance (SR Pg 6 – 9), Occupational Health and 

Safety (SR Pg 18)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Occupational Health and Safety (SR Pg 18)

Occupational Health and Safety

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number 

of work-related fatalities

Occupational Health and Safety (SR Pg 18)

GRI CONTENT INDEX

Sustainability Report 2019

 31










GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference(s) or Reasons for Omission (if applicable)

Material Topic: Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety and Security

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety and Security 

(SR Pg 12 – 13)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Governance (SR Pg 6 – 9), Tenant and Visitor 

Health, Safety and Security (SR Pg 12 – 13)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety and Security 

(SR Pg 12 – 13)

Customer Health and Safety

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health 

and safety impacts of products and services

Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety and Security 

(SR Pg 12 – 13)

Material Topic: Security of Information

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Security of Information (SR Pg 11)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Governance (SR Pg 6 – 9), Security of Information 

(SR Pg 11)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Security of Information (SR Pg 11)

Customer Privacy

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses of customer data

Security of Information (SR Pg 11)

Material Topic: Quality of Assets and Services

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Quality of Assets and Services (SR Pg 10)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Governance (SR Pg 6 – 9), Quality of Assets and 

Services (SR Pg 10)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Quality of Assets and Services (SR Pg 10)

Product and Service Labelling

CRE-8

Type and number of sustainability certification, 

rating and labelling schemes

Key Awards and Accolades (SR Pg 10, 13, 20)

Additional Topic: Waste Management

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Waste Management (SR Pg 24 – 25)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Governance (SR Pg 6 – 9),  

Waste Management (SR Pg 24 – 25)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Waste Management (SR Pg 24 – 25)

Additional Topic: Employment Practices

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Profile of the Workforce (SR Pg 14), Employment 

Practices (SR Pg 15)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Governance (SR Pg 6 – 9), Profile of the Workforce 

(SR Pg 14), Employment Practices (SR Pg 15)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Profile of the Workforce (SR Pg 14), Employment 

Practices (SR Pg 15)

Employment

401-1

New employee hires and employee turnover

Profile of the Workforce (SR Pg 14)

GRI CONTENT INDEX

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

32 










GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference(s) or Reasons for Omission (if applicable)

Additional Topic: Talent Development

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Talent Development (SR Pg 17)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Governance (SR Pg 6 – 9), Talent Development 

(SR Pg 17)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Talent Development (SR Pg 17)

Training and Education

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

Talent Development (SR Pg 17)

404-3

Percentage of employees receiving regular 

performance and career development reviews

Talent Development (SR Pg 17)

GRI CONTENT INDEX

Sustainability Report 2019

 33


ARA Trust Management (Suntec) Limited

(As Manager of Suntec REIT)

ARA Trust Management (Suntec) Limited

5 Temasek Boulevard

#12-01 Suntec Tower Five

Singapore 038985

Tel: (65) 6835 9232

Fax: (65) 6835 9672

www.suntecreit.com

