
























































































SUSTAINABILITY  

REPORT 2018



SUNTEC REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST


















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION 

1

About Suntec REIT 

1

About ARA Trust Management (Suntec) Limited 

1

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

2

Board Statement 

2

Reporting Framework 

2

Reporting Period and Scope 

2

Assurance  

2

Feedback  

2

Stakeholder Engagement 

3

Materiality Assessment 

4

GOVERNANCE 

6

Risk Management 

8

Business Ethics 

8

Compliance 

8

DELIVERING EXCEPTIONAL VALUE 

9

Quality of Assets and Services 

9

Supply Chain Management 

10

Security of Information 

10

SOCIAL 

 

 

11

Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety and Security 

11

Human Capital 

14

– Profile of the Workforce 

14

– Employment Practices 

15

– Talent Development 

16

– Occupational Health and Safety 

17

ENVIRONMENT 

18

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint 

18

Water Management 

21

Waste Management 

23

METHODOLOGICAL REVIEW 

24

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

26






INTRODUCTION

ABOUT SUNTEC REIT

Listed on 9 December 2004 on the Main Board of the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-

ST”), Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust (“Suntec 

REIT”) is the first composite real estate investment trust 

in Singapore, owning income-producing real estate that 

is primarily used for office and/or retail purposes.

As at 31 December 2018, Suntec REIT’s portfolio comprises 

office and retail properties in Suntec City, a 60.8 percent 

interest in Suntec Singapore Convention &amp; Exhibition 

Centre (“Suntec Singapore”), a one-third interest in One 

Raffles Quay (“ORQ”), a one-third interest in Marina Bay 

Financial Centre Towers 1 and 2 and the Marina Bay Link 

Mall (“MBFC Properties”) and a 30.0 per cent interest in 

9 Penang Road which is currently under development. 

All the properties are strategically located in the growth 

corridors of Marina Bay and the Civic and Cultural 

District within Singapore’s Central Business District 

(“CBD”). In Australia, Suntec REIT holds a 100.0 per cent 

interest in 177 Pacific Highway located in Sydney, a 50.0 

per cent interest in Southgate Complex, Melbourne 

and a 50.0 per cent interest in Olderfleet, 477 Collins 

Street, a commercial building which is currently under 

development in Melbourne.

Suntec REIT is managed by an external manager, ARA 

Trust Management (Suntec) Limited (the “Manager”). 

The Manager is focused on delivering regular and 

stable distributions to Suntec REIT’s unitholders, and 

to achieve long-term growth in the net asset value per 

unit of Suntec REIT, so as to provide unitholders with a 

competitive rate of return on their investment.

ABOUT ARA TRUST MANAGEMENT  

(SUNTEC) LIMITED

Suntec REIT is managed by ARA Trust Management 

(Suntec) Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of ARA 

Asset Management Limited (“ARA”).

ARA is a premier global integrated real assets 

fund manager. As at 31 December 2018, the Gross 

Assets Managed by ARA Group and its Associates is 

approximately S$80.1 billion1 across over 100 cities in  

23 countries.

Driven by the vision to be the best-in-class real assets fund 

management company focused on the management 

of real estate investment trusts (“REITS”), private real 

assets funds and real estate management services, 

ARA’s diverse suite of REITs and private real estate funds 

are invested in the office, retail, logistics/industrial, 

hospitality and residential sectors. Its multi-platform, 

multi-product global fund management strategy, 

combined with its dedicated teams with in-depth local 

knowledge enables the Group to offer enduring value to 

its investors. Built on a foundation of strong corporate 

governance and business integrity, ARA counts some 

of the world’s largest pension funds, sovereign wealth 

funds, financial institutions, endowments and family 

offices as its investors.

The Manager is responsible for the management 

and administration of Suntec REIT, as well as 

the implementation of Suntec REIT’s strategic  

long-term growth.

1 

Includes assets under management by ARA Asset Management Limited and the Group of Companies (“ARA Group”) and its Associates and Joint 

Ventures as at 31 December 2018.

Sustainability Report 2018

 1






BOARD STATEMENT

The Board of Directors of the Manager (the “Board”) 

is pleased to present Suntec REIT’s Sustainability 

Report for the financial year ended 31 December 

2018 (“FY 2018”). This report discloses Suntec REIT’s 

environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) impacts 

and its progress towards the goal of sustainable 

management of its real estate portfolio.

Suntec REIT is focused on its mission in “forging ahead 

to create, provide and deliver premium value to all 

stakeholders”. In achieving the mission, the Board which 

specifically considers sustainability issues as part of its 

strategic formulation has set a strategic direction in 

ensuring good corporate governance, prudent financial 

management, fair employment practices and efficient 

utilisation of resources. The Board has approved the 

material ESG factors and determined them to be relevant 

for the current year. The Board oversees that these ESG 

matters are monitored and managed. The Manager 

stays vigilant in upholding Suntec REIT’s commitments 

towards sustainability practices and creating value for 

its stakeholders.

The Manager believes in the importance of integrating 

sustainability into its business strategies and operations 

in achieving Suntec REIT’s sustainable economic growth2 

and delivering long-term unitholder value. Suntec REIT’s 

sustainability policies, practices and performance are 

detailed in this report, which are interrelated to its 

overall financial performance from the governance, 

socioeconomic and environmental perspectives.

ABOUT THIS REPORT

Country

Property

Property Type (ownership interest %)

Singapore

Suntec City

• Office (59.1%)

• Retail (100.0%)

Suntec Singapore Convention and Exhibition 

Centre (“Suntec Singapore”)

• Meeting, Incentive, Convention and 

Exhibition (“MICE”) (60.8%)

One Raffles Quay (“ORQ”)

• Office (33.3%)

Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 1 and 2, and 

the Marina Bay Link Mall (“MBFC Properties”)

• Office (33.3%)

• Retail (33.3%)

Australia

177 Pacific Highway, Sydney

• Office (100.0%)

Southgate Complex, Melbourne

• Office (50.0%)

• Retail (50.0%)

Figure 1: Reporting Scope for Suntec’s Sustainability Report FY 2018

2 

For more details on Suntec REIT’s FY 2018 financial results, please refer to Suntec REIT’s Annual Report FY 2018.

3 

2016 data was only available for Singapore properties as the Manager took over asset management of the Australian properties in the later 

part of 2016.

4 

For more details on Suntec REIT’s property portfolio, please refer to pages 24 to 45 of Suntec REIT’s Annual Report FY 2018.

REPORTING FRAMEWORK

This report has been prepared in accordance with the 

Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards – Core 

option and GRI Construction and Real Estate Sector 

Supplement (“CRESS”). The GRI Standards were selected 

as it is an internationally recognised reporting framework 

that covers a comprehensive range of sustainability 

disclosures and is suited to Suntec REIT’s industry and 

business model. Reference has also been drawn from 

the Sustainability Reporting Guide of the SGX-ST 

Practice Note 7.6 in meeting the primary components 

as set out in the SGX-ST Mainboard Listing Rule 711(B) 

of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST, where applicable. 

Please refer to the GRI Content Index attached at the 

end of this report for more information.

REPORTING PERIOD AND SCOPE

The reporting period covered in this report is from  

1 January to 31 December 2018, with relevant data from 

prior year(s) as comparison3. Unless otherwise stated,  

this report covers the performance of Suntec REIT’s 

portfolio of properties4, with the exception of two 

properties which are currently under construction, 

namely – 9 Penang Road, Singapore and Olderfleet, 

477 Collins Street, Melbourne, Australia. Upon 

completion, the Manager will include these properties 

in the sustainability reporting scope going forward. 

For environmental performance, Suntec REIT uses the 

equity share approach, as outlined in the Greenhouse 

Gas Protocol Corporate Standard (“GHG Protocol 

Corporate Standard”) to consolidate the environmental 

performance data from its portfolio of properties based 

on ownership interest (see Figure 1). For socioeconomic 

and governance performance, this report covers 

primarily employees of the Manager, as well as the 

relevant employees of the respective property managers.

ASSURANCE

The Manager has not sought external assurance 

for this report. External assurance by independent 

professional bodies will be considered as its reporting 

matures over time.

FEEDBACK

The Manager values all feedback from stakeholders as 

they are integral to Suntec REIT’s sustainability reporting 

process. Please send all comments and suggestions to 

enquiry@suntecreit.com.

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

2 






STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

Regular engagement with stakeholders is important to Suntec REIT’s long-term success. Frequent stakeholder 

engagements are undertaken to identify pertinent issues related to ESG matters to facilitate continuous improvement 

of the operations. The table below details the Manager’s engagement activities with its key stakeholders.

Figure 2: Stakeholder engagement

Key Stakeholder 

Groups

Key Engagement Modes and Frequency

Key Interests of Stakeholders

Business Partners

(Strategic 

partners, banks)

• Annual report and sustainability report

Annual

• Alignment of interests

• Good corporate governance

• Sustainable performance

• Corporate events

Regular

• Meetings and discussions

Regular

Employees  

(REIT Manager)

• Orientation programme for new employee

Regular

• Employee welfare 

management

• Fair employment practices

• Good corporate governance

• Health and safety

• Skills development and 

career progression

• Employee appraisals

Regular

• Employee satisfaction survey

Ad hoc

• Employee training programmes

Regular

• Internal staff communication and newsletters

Regular

• Team cohesion activities

Regular

Government 

and Authorities

• Communication and consultation with 

government and authorities 

Regular

• Compliance with regulatory 

requirements

• Contributions to industry

• Environmental impact

• Good corporate governance

• Health and safety

• Participation in industry associations, forums 

and dialogues (e.g. Building and Construction 

Authority, Investor Relations Professional 

Association (Singapore), Property Council 

of Australia, REIT Association of Singapore, 

Singapore Green Building Council, Singapore 

Institute of Directors, Singapore Retailers 

Association and Urban Redevelopment 

Authority, Asia Pacific Real Estate Association 

and Securities Investors Association (Singapore)

Regular

Investment 

Community 

(Institutional and 

Retail Investors, 

Analysts)

• Annual report and sustainability report

Annual

• Good corporate governance

• Performance of assets

• Suntec REIT’s outlook and 

strategic plans

• Stable and sustainable 

distribution

• Timely and transparent 

reporting

• Net asset value growth

• Annual General Meeting

Annual

• Announcements and circulars

Regular

• Financial results announcement

Quarterly

• Investor conferences

Regular

• Investor relations channel

Active

• Meetings and teleconferences with investors 

and analysts

Regular

• Suntec REIT website

Active

Retail shoppers

• Enquiries and feedback channel 

Active

• Availability of promotional 

campaigns

• Diversity of retail mix

• Health and safety

• Accessibility

• Family friendly

• Marketing and promotional events

Regular

• Suntec City website

Active

• Social media

Active

• Loyalty programme

Active

Tenants

• Enquiries and feedback channel 

Active

• Good property maintenance

• Health and safety

• Shoppers’ traffic (for retail)

• Mall publicity (for retail)

• Meetings and discussions

Regular

• Tenant satisfaction survey

Regular

ABOUT THIS REPORT

Sustainability Report 2018

 3






ABOUT THIS REPORT

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

The Manager defines material sustainability matters as issues with significant ESG impact on Suntec REIT and its 

stakeholders. These matters will substantially influence the decision-making process of its stakeholders and affect 

the achievement of short and long-term goals. In prioritising the sustainability matters that merit inclusion in this 

report, the Manager worked closely with an independent sustainability consultant through a rigorous four-step 

process, as summarised below. In FY 2018, the existing sustainability matters (see Figure 4) were reviewed and 

deemed to be relevant in the current year by the Manager and were approved by the Board.

Figure 3: Four-step process for Materiality Assessment

Step

Activities

Identification  

of sustainability 

matters

A formal assessment workshop was conducted by the sustainability consultant to identify 

the material sustainability matters most relevant and significant to Suntec REIT’s internal 

and external stakeholders. A list of potential sustainability matters, including risks and 

opportunities, was identified through discussions with key management representatives 

from all functions to understand their concerns, and the concerns of key external 

stakeholders with whom they communicate with.

Prioritisation

These sustainability matters were prioritised through an unbiased and anonymous 

electronic voting exercise. The following set of criteria was used to determine the 

significance of each matter:

• Relevance to Suntec REIT’s business strategies, business model and outcomes

• Likelihood and impact on the continuity of the business

• Influence on decision-making process of key internal and external stakeholders

 Validation

The results of the materiality voting exercise were further validated by benchmarking 

against others in the REIT industry. Based on this list of material sustainability matters, the 

Manager put in place systems to incorporate sustainability across various business functions.

A final materiality assessment was conducted to refine the list of material sustainability 

matters under focus, and to determine their impact on both internal and external 

stakeholders. From the assessment, the Manager has distilled seven most critical 

sustainability matters and three additional sustainability matters for reporting. These 

material sustainability matters were presented to and approved by the Board.

Review

These sustainability matters are reviewed on an annual basis to ensure their continued 

relevance and significance. Where required, the materiality assessment workshop will be  

re-conducted with participations from Suntec REIT’s internal and external stakeholders.

i

ii

iii

iv

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

4 






Figure 4: Suntec REIT’s Material Sustainability Matters

Material Sustainability Matters

In no particular order of importance

1

Corporate Governance

2

Quality of Assets and Services

3

Security of Information

4

Tenant &amp; Visitor Health, Safety and Security

5

Occupational Health and Safety

6

Energy and Carbon Footprint

7

Water Management

Additional Sustainability Matters

A1

Employment Practices

A2

Talent Development

A3

Waste Management

Impact on internal stakeholders

Impact on external stakeholders

High

Low

High

Not Material

Additional

Sustainability

Matters

A2

A1

A3

Material

Sustainability

Matters

2

1

3

4

5

6

7

ABOUT THIS REPORT

In FY 2018, quantitative targets were put in place for Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint, and Water 

Management and were validated by the Board. These new targets together with targets set previously, would 

drive Suntec REIT’s ESG performance and assure stakeholders of its constant commitment towards sustainability 

matters. As guided by the Sustainability Consultant, the target setting process for the key areas is outlined below. 

The new targets are disclosed in the subsequent Energy Consumption and Carbon footprint, and the Water 

Management sections.

Figure 5: Target setting process

DETERMINE  

THE BASELINE

Select a period of 

consistent performance 

for performance 

benchmark

REVIEW  

THE TARGET

Continuous monitoring 

of the progress and 

reviewing the targets 

set in subsequent years

PRIORITY  

SETTING

Study market 

expectations, peers’ 

performance and 

regulatory environment 

to determine key 

impact areas

DETERMINE  

THE TARGET

Determine relevant 

indicators for 

performance 

measurement and 

set SMART targets 

(Specific, Measurable, 

Achievable, Relevant 

and Time-bound)

Sustainability Report 2018

 5






Suntec REIT’s unitholders place their trust in the Manager 

to deliver regular and stable distributions, and achieve 

long-term growth. In upholding this trust, the Manager 

believes it has an obligation to act honestly, with due 

care and diligence, in the unitholders’ best interests.  

The Manager has adopted an overall corporate 

governance framework5 designed to meet best 

practice principles. The Manager recognises that an 

effective corporate governance culture is critical to 

its performance and consequently, the success of  

Suntec REIT. 

In line with the corporate governance framework, 

the Manager has established a formal Suntec REIT 

Sustainability Working Committee led by the Chief 

Figure 6: Sustainability Policies at Suntec REIT

ARA Group-level Policies

 Governance

Anti-Bribery 

Policy

ARA adopts a zero-tolerance stance towards bribery and corruption. All employees are 

required to adhere to a Code of Conduct and observe ethical behaviour. Employees are 

expected to conduct and carry themselves in a manner consistent with the values of ARA.

Policy on Conflict 

of Interest

ARA details a rigorous set of procedures to address any potential conflict of interest risks. 

All employees and major service providers have to declare any potential conflicts of interest 

before entering into transactions. All interested person transactions and situations of 

conflicted interest are subject to review by the Audit Committee.

Fraud Risk 

Management 

Framework

ARA has a framework that sets out the principles and approach in a robust system of 

controls and procedures to manage fraud risks. The processes established to identify areas 

exposed to fraud are clearly defined and incorporated in the Risk Profile Register.

Internal Code on 

Securities Dealing

ARA has an internal code which prohibits Directors and executives of the Group from 

dealing in its shares as well as in the units of public-listed REITs managed by the ARA Group, 

while in possession of unpublished material or non-public price sensitive information in 

relation to such securities and during the “black-out period” in respective jurisdictions.

Whistle Blowing 

Policy

ARA has a Whistle Blowing Policy which allows employees and external parties, in confidence, 

to report possible improprieties directly to the Board in a responsible and effective manner. 

 Social

Building Safety 

Policy

ARA is dedicated to ensuring the safety of tenants and visitors at its portfolio of properties 

in compliance with all safety and security regulations. As an investor-cum-operator,  

ARA invests in quality properties with good design specifications, build quality and proper 

regulatory certifications. In assessing potential acquisitions, ARA appoints consultants to 

carry out mechanical &amp; electrical, and architectural evaluation on the building.

Cyber Security 

Policy

ARA recognises the increased risk of cyber-attacks and hence the importance of cyber 

security in the company. ARA will maintain, secure and ensure legal and appropriate use of 

ARA’s information technology (“IT”) infrastructure and system. ARA also seeks to enforce its 

IT policies, safeguard the integrity of computers, networks, data and all IT property interests 

to ensure that the use of electronic communications, computers, IT and network systems 

comply with its policies.

GOVERNANCE

5 

For more details on Suntec REIT’s corporate governance, please refer to pages 54 to 73 of Suntec REIT’s Annual Report FY 2018.

Executive Officer (“CEO”) with senior representatives 

from the finance, investor relations, special projects 

and asset management functions. The Suntec REIT 

Sustainability Working Committee takes the lead 

in enhancing the sustainability report’s disclosures, 

performance 

targets 

and 

systems, 

and 

driving 

responsible business practices in accordance with Suntec 

REIT’s sustainability philosophy. 

The Suntec REIT Sustainability Working Committee, 

in consultation with the ARA Group Sustainability 

Committee, reports to the Board on sustainability 

policies and practices. The table below presents a 

summary of sustainability policies which apply to all 

ARA entities.

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

6 






ARA Group-level Policies

 Social

Diversity 

and Equal 

Opportunities 

Policy

ARA embraces diversity at workplace by hiring talent from different backgrounds, cultures 

and languages based on merit. It respects and appreciates differences in ethnicity, gender, 

age, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, education and religion. It also provides all 

employees with equal opportunities for skills training and development and rewards all 

employees fairly based on their performance and contribution. 

Child or Forced 

Labour Policy 

ARA prohibits the employment of anyone below the age of 13 years in any form of labour. 

It also does not tolerate forced labour of any kind, including slave labour, prison labour, 

indentured labour, or bonded labour, including forced overtime hours.

Health, Safety 

and Well-being 

Policy

ARA is committed to providing a healthy and safe environment for its employees, and 

ensuring that the operations comply with the relevant occupational health and safety 

regulations. In line with the Building Safety Policy, ARA provides a safe workplace for its 

employees to perform their work and regular safety inspections are carried out to prevent 

accidents. ARA is also focused on employee wellness and engagement by promoting positively 

work-life balance and encouraging its employees to lead an active and healthy lifestyle.

Performance 

and Career 

Development 

Policy

ARA recognises that its success is driven by a performance-based culture which emphasises 

on talent development, career advancement and employee training. ARA’s talent 

management program provides developmental opportunities for its employees and grooms 

them into future leaders for critical positions across the region.

Remuneration 

Policy

ARA seeks to remain competitive by attracting and retaining the best talent. It conducts 

routine benchmarking exercises against different geographical markets and industries 

to ensure that its compensation packages are adequate and competitive in the market. 

Employees are motivated and incentivised through a performance-based culture with 

competitive fixed and variable pay components. All employees are rewarded fairly based on 

their ability, contribution, performance and experience.

Worker Rights 

Policy

ARA employees are entitled to fundamental employee rights at work. This includes the 

elimination of forced or compulsory labour, the abolition of child labour and the elimination 

of discrimination with respect to employment and occupation. ARA also abides by the Ministry 

of Manpower legislation for workplace safety and health, the Employment Act and the 

Central Provident Fund Act (“CPF Act”).

 Environment

Climate/ 

Climate Change 

Adaptation Policy

ARA is committed to identifying and responding to climate change risks, and to act on 

opportunities to enhance the company’s property portfolio. Managing the efficient use of 

electricity and water represents a dual opportunity to reduce its carbon and water footprint 

while saving on utility costs to improve returns to investors.

Energy 

Consumption/ 

Management 

Policy

ARA is committed to improving energy efficiency and reducing energy consumption at the 

properties. It endeavours to work closely with property managers to educate tenants and to 

improve the operations, where possible.

GHG Emission/ 

Management 

Policy

ARA is committed to minimising the emission of greenhouse gases (“GHG”) and the release 

of toxic or harmful materials from the properties. ARA also seeks to comply with the 

relevant environmental standards in countries where it operates, as well as, to monitor its 

buildings’ emission intensity in line with expectations in the industry. 

Waste 

Management 

Policy

ARA recognises the impact of improper waste treatment and harm to the environment, 

which can be reduced through good waste management practices. It endeavours to work 

closely with property managers towards reducing waste, minimising non-recyclable waste 

and educating tenants and shoppers on appropriate practices, where possible.

Water 

Consumption/ 

Management 

Policy

ARA recognises that water consumption is an important area for conservation of natural 

resources within its properties. It endeavours to make concerted efforts towards educating 

tenants and making improvements to the operations, where possible.

GOVERNANCE

Sustainability Report 2018

 7






GOVERNANCE

RISK MANAGEMENT

Suntec REIT has an Enterprise Risk Management 

(“ERM”) Framework6 which covers the management 

of its strategic enterprise, operational, financial and 

compliance risks. The ERM Framework considers the 

governance, socioeconomic and environmental aspects 

of the business and aims to provide reasonable assurance 

on compliance with legislations and safeguarding of 

assets against material losses. 

The strategic risks relate to sustainable long-term growth 

of Suntec REIT through sound investment strategies, 

asset management and clear communications with 

stakeholders. The Manager is focused on achieving 

sustainable profitability, and balances risks and returns 

across its property portfolio, with strong corporate 

governance, accountability and transparency. The 

operational risks relate to the day-to-day management 

of the property portfolio, including human capital 

where there are established remuneration policies on 

compensation, benefits and succession planning. The 

financial risks relate to the impact to Suntec REIT’s 

financial position, arising from changes in market 

conditions such as liquidity, interest rates and credit 

exposures. The compliance risks relate to compliance 

with applicable laws and regulations which Suntec 

REIT is subjected to in the various jurisdictions which 

it operates. 

6 

For more details on Suntec REIT’s risk management, please refer to page 50 of Suntec REIT’s Annual Report FY 2018.

Figure 7: Approach towards compliance

Compliance  

Control  

Self-Assessment

The Compliance Control Self-Assessment process evaluates the adequacy and 

effectiveness of internal controls in addressing compliance risks in specific areas.  

It is annually certified by the Manager and audited by independent professionals.

Training on the 

latest regulatory 

developments

Directors and management receive regular updates on regulatory requirements, such 

as the Securities &amp; Futures Act, Common Reporting Standards, Foreign Account Tax 

Compliance Act and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards. This is facilitated by 

the ARA Corporate Division and/or external professionals. 

Monitoring

The Company Secretaries and Internal Auditors ensure that Board procedures are 

duly followed and regularly reviewed for compliance. Any material non-compliance 

or weakness, including recommendations for improvements, is reported to the Audit 

Committee.

For FY 2018, the Manager has met its perpetual target of zero validated cases of corruption, fraud or non-compliance 

with relevant laws, regulations and governance policies.

 Perpetual Targets

FY 2018 

Performance

0 validated cases of corruption and fraud  

 Achieved

0 validated cases of non-compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and governance policies

 Achieved

BUSINESS ETHICS

The Manager seeks to uphold its ethical principles based 

on ARA’s core values of Respect, Excellence, Integrity 

and Teamwork in all its business activities. The Manager 

adheres to ARA’s Code of Ethics, Code of Business 

Conduct (collectively the “Codes”) and measures put 

in place against fraud, corruption, insider trading and 

misuse of confidential information. 

 

The Manager’s zero tolerance towards wrongdoings and 

breaches of the Codes is communicated to all employees 

during the induction training. This is further confirmed 

by all employees during their annual declaration on 

compliance with these governance policies. Any non-

compliance with these policies will result in disciplinary 

action and/or immediate dismissal of the staff. 

COMPLIANCE 

The Manager adopts a comprehensive Compliance 

Framework established by the ARA Group. The Manager 

works closely with external legal professionals and 

the ARA Corporate Division on legal and regulatory 

matters, including changes to requirements. Adopting a 

proactive approach, the Manager regularly participates 

in consultations with authorities such as the Monetary 

Authority of Singapore and the SGX-ST and provides 

feedback on the regulatory regimes.

The Manager’s approach towards compliance is further detailed below.

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

8 






DELIVERING EXCEPTIONAL VALUE

QUALITY OF ASSETS AND SERVICES

The Manager believes that high quality assets attract 

good tenants and high footfall to the properties and 

therefore deliver greater returns to the unitholders. 

Strategically, the focus is on acquiring stable income-

producing properties in strategic locations, while 

continuously improving the operational efficiency of 

the invested assets. 

Sustainable design and planning are considered, 

where feasible, during the decision-making process for 

acquisition and asset enhancement of the properties. 

Relevant environmental and technical assessments are 

conducted on areas such as structural safety, mechanical 

and electrical, and energy efficiencies. In its day-to-

day management, the Manager works closely with 

the property managers to improve the sustainability 

performance of the properties. This involves the use of 

technology to monitor and improve the efficiencies of 

facilities, and better management in the renovation and 

upgrading works. 

Tenant satisfaction is integral to Suntec REIT’s 

continued commitment towards quality and business 

excellence. The Manager strives to maintain high 

tenant satisfaction within its properties. Feedback from 

tenants and visitors are gathered through the property 

managers, frequent face-to-face meetings, telephone 

conversations and/or online surveys. In several 

properties, external consultants had been engaged 

periodically to study the tenants’ views and concerns. 

Through these various engagements, the Manager can 

better understand the needs of tenants and tailor its 

efforts to meet them. For example, in FY 2018, an end-

of-trip facility was constructed at Southgate Complex 

to meet the evolving needs of its tenants. This facility 

comprises refurbished toilets, lockers, multiple types of 

bike racks, and secure access.

In addition, a considerable amount of training has been 

provided to staff of the property managers to deliver 

service excellence. In line with the Singapore Workforce 

Skills Qualifications (WSQ)7, staff of the property 

managers in Singapore attended training sessions 

amounting to over 2,600 hours during FY 2018. 

The Manager and the property managers have clinched 

numerous accolades over the years, which reflect their 

commitment towards the quality of assets and services. 

The table below shows the key awards and accolades 

attained for quality and excellence within the MICE 

industry. For other social and environmental awards and 

certifications, refer to pages 13 and 19.

Figure 8: List of key awards and accolades for excellence

Key Awards &amp; Accolades for Excellence

Property

 2016 – 2018

Suntec 

Singapore

• APAC Insider Singapore Business Awards 2018 – Meetings &amp; Conference Venue of the Year  

• Marketing Events Awards 2018 – Best Homegrown Event

• Global Association of the Exhibition Industry (UFI) Awards 2018 – Digital Innovation Award  

• World Travel Awards 2018 – World’s Leading Meetings &amp; Conference Centre 

• World Travel Awards 2016, 2017 and 2018 – Asia’s Leading Meetings &amp; Convention Centre

• Asian Federation of Exhibition &amp; Convention Associations Awards 2017 – Outstanding Venue 

(Runner-up)

• Exhibition Showcase Magazine Exhibition Excellence Awards 2017 – Top Asian Venue

• Campaign Events Impact Magazine Editors’ Choice 2017 – Best Convention &amp; Exhibition Centre

• HR Magazine Vendors of the Year 2017 – Best Training Venue (Gold)

• HRM Asia Readers’ Choice Awards 2016 and 2017 – Best Corporate MICE Venue

• Enterprise Asia Asia-Pacific Entrepreneurship Awards 2016 – Hospitality, Food, Tourism Award

• TTG Travel Awards 2016 – Best Convention &amp; Exhibition Centre

• Asia Pacific MICE Awards 2016 – Exhibition Venue of the Year

7 

National credential system that trains, develops, assesses and certifies skills and competencies for the workforce, both general and  

industry-specific.



Sustainability Report 2018

 9






DELIVERING EXCEPTIONAL VALUE

SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

Suntec REIT promotes sustainability in its supply chain 

processes. The supply chain ranges from cleaning, 

security, landscaping and renovation contractors, 

to professional service providers of banking, audit 

and tax services. The Manager conducts the relevant 

supplier pre-qualification assessment prior to the tender 

exercises and works closely with the property managers 

to ensure that service providers have sound business 

ethics and comply with the applicable employment 

and environmental laws and regulations. These include 

Singapore’s Workplace Safety and Health Act and 

Australia’s Work Health and Safety Act. On an annual 

basis, the Manager and property managers evaluate the 

performance of these suppliers and service providers 

to provide them feedback for improvements. Non-

compliant suppliers and service providers are penalised 

or terminated based on the contractual terms and are 

barred from providing services to the properties in  

the future.

SECURITY OF INFORMATION

The 

ever-changing 

IT 

landscape 

and 

emerging 

cyber threats pose risks and vulnerabilities to the 

stakeholders’ confidential data and information. Any 

breakdown in IT controls could cause data breaches and 

result in significant legal and reputational costs to the 

organisation. Guided by the ARA Group’s Cyber Security 

Policy, the Manager and property managers have 

established the IT controls and processes to safeguard 

the privacy and confidential information of stakeholders 

and to comply with the Personal Data Protection Act 

and Privacy Act in Singapore and Australia respectively. 

Various IT controls are established to prevent, detect 

and respond to threats concerning security and 

confidentiality of data at the properties. These controls 

include firewalls, server encryption and restricted access 

rights. In addition, the ARA Group has established an IT 

Disaster Recovery Plan (“IT DRP”) that serves to minimise 

the Manager’s operational downtime and data loss, 

while ensuring a level of stability and orderly recovery. 

Briefings are held on a periodic basis to familiarise 

employees with the IT DRP procedures. Regular IT DRP 

exercises are carried out to simulate the scenario of 

a disaster and participants are relocated to an offsite 

centre with ready access to IT systems and restored 

backup database. 

For FY 2018, the Manager has met its targets of zero 

validated cases of data breaches, non-compliance and 

substantiated complaints.

 Perpetual Targets

FY 2018 

Performance

0 validated cases of data breaches and non-compliance with respective laws

 Achieved

0 incidents of substantiated complaints across properties relating to breaches of  

confidential information

 Achieved













177 Pacific Highway, Sydney

Olderfleet, 477 Collins Street, Melbourne

(Artist’s impression)

Southgate Complex, Melbourne

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

10 






SOCIAL

TENANT AND VISITOR HEALTH, SAFETY AND SECURITY

The Manager recognises its responsibilities in ensuring the health, safety and security of its stakeholders, and works 

to inculcate a “safety first mindset” throughout its operations. Prudent management of this matter is vital for the 

Manager to enhance business resilience and respond swiftly to potential disruptions and challenges. The Manager 

ensures the safety and security of the properties through the installation of security access control system (i.e. with 

access barriers and electromagnetic lock), closed-circuit television and deployment of security guards.

Regular inspections are carried out by the property managers to ensure a safe environment at the properties. To 

raise tenants’ and visitors’ awareness, fire drills and evacuation exercises are conducted to cover safety principles, 

fire hazards, use of preventive gears and exit routes.

In addition, the property managers ensure that all fitting out works are carried out in a safe and socially responsible 

manner, based on approved drawings which comply with regulations and fitting out guidelines. Regular on-site 

meetings and inspections are held together with the tenants to ensure safety and compliance. 

During FY 2018, the Manager and property managers have undertaken numerous health, safety and security-related 

initiatives, which are summarised below.

Figure 9: Initiatives and actions for tenants and visitor health and safety

For FY 2018, the Manager met its perpetual target of zero validated cases of non-compliance with relevant 

regulations and voluntary codes concerning health and safety across all properties. In addition, the Manager and 

property managers have received numerous accolades which are described in Figure 10, as a testimony of the 

effectiveness of the properties’ health and safety management systems.

Establishment of 

the Centre for 

Protective Security 

Studies (“CPSS”) at 

Suntec Singapore, 

in partnership with 

Ministry of Home 

Affairs (“MHA”)

In conjunction with 

Health Promotion 

Board’s Healthier Dining 

Programme, Suntec 

Singapore developed a 

menu which comprises 

wholegrain products 

and uses less oil in its 

food preparation. In 

FY 2018, more than 

35,000 people across 39 

events were served the 

healthier option menu.

Emergency response 

plans in place for fire, 

terrorism, floods and 

other emergencies 

with simulated drills 

conducted periodically

Identification and 

control of all materials 

and substances used 

in the cleaning, 

maintenance and 

construction of 

buildings

Relevant employees 

and contractors to 

undergo mandatory 

Environmental, Health 

and Safety (“EHS”) 

induction

Provide training and 

certifications for staff in 

first-aid and other  

safety courses

Annual Workplace 

Safety and Health 

(“WSH”) Exhibition to 

promote workplace 

safety awareness 

among visitors and 

retail shoppers

Annual Community 

Emergency 

Preparedness 

Programme to educate 

tenants on basic  

life-saving and 

emergency skills

Constant monitoring, 

regular assessment and 

appropriate servicing of 

the Automated External 

Defibrillators (“AEDs”) 

and other health, safety 

and security equipment

Sustainability Report 2018

 11






SOCIAL

CASE STUDY: PARTNERSHIPS FOR RESILIENCE IN THE FACE OF CASCADING THREATS

 Perpetual Targets

FY 2018 

Performance

0 validated cases of non-compliance with relevant regulations and voluntary codes  

concerning health and safety across all properties

 Achieved

From 11th to 15th November 2018, Suntec Singapore 

hosted the 33rd Association of Southeast Asian 

Nations (“ASEAN”) Summit 2018. For this event, 

security forces from the Singapore Police Force 

(“SPF”), Singapore Armed Forces (“SAF”), Singapore 

Civil Defence Force (“SCDF”) and overseas agencies 

carried out a joint-operation to secure the summit, 

which was attended by 19 heads of state and other 

senior officials.

As the venue host, Suntec Singapore recognised the 

unparalleled level of security and safety required. 

To ensure that the venue and its surrounding areas 

were well-prepared, Suntec Singapore worked 

closely with the Ministry of Home Affairs (“MHA”) 

to conduct exercises and facilitate the execution of 

appropriate measures and practices.

With the establishment of the Centre for Protective 

Security Studies (“CPSS”), Suntec Singapore has 

provided a venue for MHA to conduct training for 

its police officers. Through various assessments and 

rigorous planning, MHA was able to use Suntec 

Singapore for its counter-terrorism exercises, 

thereby enhancing the venue’s security protection 

capabilities. Partnering with MHA has also enabled 

Suntec Singapore to enhance its own security and 

safety facilities. For instance, as part of the ASEAN 

Summit Security Plan, Suntec Singapore completed 

the installation of 73 electromagnetic locks based on 

MHA’s recommendation after carrying out an on-site 

risk assessment.

Suntec Singapore also collaborated with SCDF to 

conduct a High-Risk Installation (“HRI”) Drill/Exercise. 

This drill involved the evacuation of Suntec Singapore’s 

security, stewarding and housekeeping personnel. 

These partnerships reinforce the Manager and 

property managers’ commitment to protecting lives 

and staying prepared and resilient in crises.





Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

12 






SOCIAL

Key Social Awards &amp; Accolades

Property

 2016 – 2018

Suntec City 

Mall

• Workplace Safety and Health Council (“WSHC”) (2017 – 2020) – bizSAFE level 3 Certification

• National Fire and Civil Emergency Preparedness Council (“NFEC”) 2018 – Fire Safety Excellence Award 

• National Safety and Security Watch Group Award 2018

• Company Emergency Response Team Challenge 2018

• Safety and Security Asia 2017 – Merlion Award for Smart Security Solution (Gold)

Suntec 

Singapore

• WSHC – bizSAFE Star Certification (2017 – 2020)

• National Safety and Security Watch Group Cluster Award 2018

• Recognised by WSG and Tripartite Partners as a Human Capital Partner 

• National Trades Union Congress (“NTUC”) Health Volunteer Friends Award 2018

• Singapore Corporation of Rehabilitative Enterprises (“SCORE”) Sparks of Hope Award 2018

• Asia Best Employer’s Award 2018 – Hospitality Sector

• The Global Association of the Exhibition Industry (“UFI”) Awards 2018 – Human Resources Award

• May Day Award Plaque of Gold 2018 – Progressive Employer Award 

• Health Promotion Board Singapore HEALTH Awards 2017 – Certificate of Recognition 

• HR Asia Best Companies to Work for in Singapore 2017 – Ranked #14 

• National Arts Council Patron of the Arts 2016 and 2017

• NTUC U SAFE Awards 2016 – SPARKS Award 

• National Safety &amp; Security Watch Group Award 2016 – Cluster Award 

• Ministry of Defence – NS Mark Gold 2016

ORQ

• WSHC – Safety and Health Award Recognition for Projects (“SHARP”) 2018

• Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Series (“OHSAS”) 18001 Occupational Health and 

Safety Management (2017 – 2020) (property manager)

• WSHC – bizSAFE Star Certification (2017 – 2020) (property manager)

• WSHC – Workplace Safety and Health Performance Award 2018 (Silver) (property manager)

• WSHC – bizSAFE Partner Certification (2018 – 2020) (property manager)

MBFC 

Properties

• OHSAS 18001 Occupational Health and Safety Management (2017 – 2020) (property manager)

• WSHC – bizSAFE Star Certification (2017 – 2020) (property manager)

• WSHC – Workplace Safety and Health Performance Award 2018 (Silver) (property manager)

• WSHC – bizSAFE Partner Certification (2018 – 2020) (property manager)

Figure 10: List of key social awards and accolades





MBFC Tower 1

MBFC Tower 2

One Raffles Quay

Sustainability Report 2018

 13






SOCIAL

HUMAN CAPITAL

Profile of the Workforce

Suntec REIT’s success is achieved through the dedication 

and contributions of the Manager’s and property 

managers’ employees from diverse backgrounds and 

age groups. All the employees of the Manager are based 

in Singapore and more than half of them are women 

who hold middle and senior management positions. The 

Manager has been providing stable employment in the 

Figure 11: Percentage composition of total employees, by gender, employee category and age

past with no layoff through redundancy and its staff 

turnover is low despite the competitive nature of the 

fund management industry. 

The Manager’s team comprises 18 full-time permanent 

employees based in Singapore, an overall increase of 

2 employees from 2017. During FY 2018, there were 

5 new full-time permanent hires, 2 resignations and  

1 employee who transferred to ARA Group.



2016

2017

2018

■ Female

■ Male

2016

2017

2018

■ Senior Management

■ Middle Management

■ Executive

33%

23%

44%

31%

31%

38%

28%

28%

44%

2016

2017

2018

■ Age &gt; 50

■ Age 30 – 50

■ Age &lt; 30

56%

16%

28%

62%

19%

19%

55%

17%

28%

67%

33%

75%

25%

72%

28%

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

14 






SOCIAL

Employment Practices

Fair employment practices are some of the key factors 

in attracting and retaining employees. The Manager 

strives to be an employer of choice by promoting 

diversity, equality, personal development, mutual trust 

and teamwork at the workplace. Taking reference from 

the Tripartite Alliance for Fair Employment Practices in 

Singapore, the Manager embraces diversity by hiring 

talent from different backgrounds and cultures based 

on meritocracy and providing equitable opportunities 

and treatment to its employees. The Manager complies 

with the Singapore’s labour laws and employment acts 

and it also supports the national Work Right initiative in 

relation to the Employment Act and CPF Act. 

Employees are provided with the Employee Handbook 

which details the Human Resources (“HR”) policies, 

terms and conditions of employment, benefits and 

entitlements. The Manager adopts the ARA Group’s 

open-door policy in sharing ideas and feedback during 

luncheons and get-togethers with senior management, 

team-building activities and cohesion programmes. 

Employee wellness and work-life balance is a key 

emphasis at the workplace. Benefits such as health 

care, disability and invalidity coverage, marriage leave, 

parental leave and retirement provision are provided 

to all employees. Employees also engage in various 

activities; ranging from corporate social responsibility 

initiatives, (e.g. ARA-Lim Hoon Foundation Educational 

Heritage Tour, SGX Bull Charge and Tana River Life 

Foundation Mitumba Project), social events (e.g. ARA 

Family Day 2018 and Annual Chinese New Year Cocktail 

Party) to other sports and fitness programmes (e.g. 

health screening, yoga, running and zumba).

For FY 2018, the Manager has met its targets of zero 

validated cases of non-compliance with employment 

regulations or acts concerning employee rights.

 Perpetual Targets

FY 2018 

Performance

0 validated cases of non-compliance with employment regulations or acts  

concerning employee rights

 Achieved





Sustainability Report 2018

 15






SOCIAL

Talent Development

The Manager is committed to investing in employee 

training and development to build a competitive 

and sustainable workforce. In line with ARA Group’s 

Performance and Career Development policy, a well-

structured employment category and grading system 

is put in place to provide a clear progression path for 

all employees. 

The ARA Group’s HR department works closely with the 

CEO and Heads of Department to identify learning needs 

of employees based on the ARA Competency Framework 

of Self Mastery, People Skills, Business Alignment, and 

Strategic Alignment. The HR department supports the 

Manager with suitable training programmes, where 

employees are kept updated on their individual training 

needs as well as the relevant courses and seminars to 

attend. A bi-annual training newsletter is also circulated 

to all employees, to keep them informed of the latest 

training trends and developments.

Adopting an Open Appraisal System, the CEO and Heads 

of Department conduct face-to-face meetings with 

each employee to discuss his or her job performance, 

including the areas of responsibilities and improvements.  

In addition, review sessions are done mid-year to 

provide feedback and guidance to employees to 

ensure that the work plan progress toward the goals 

set is on track. In FY 2018, all employees received their 

performance review.

The Manager surpassed its target of providing an 

average of 26 training hours per employee in FY 2018. 

The average training hours per employee was 55 hours, 

an increase from 29 hours per employee in FY 2017.

Case Study: Building Stronger Singaporean Core 

In FY 2018, Suntec Singapore was awarded the Human Capital Partnership Certification. This is a tripartite 

initiative that recognises companies with progressive employment practices. To be certified, organisations 

must meet three criteria:

1. Build a stronger Singaporean core by investing in the development of local employees across all levels; 

2. Stronger complementarity between local and foreign employees; and

3. Transferring of skills from foreign to local employees to enhance capabilities. 

In addition, Suntec Singapore was an early adopter of the Age-Friendly Workplace Practices. Organisations 

adopting these practices shall ensure that they provide a conducive and inclusive workplace for all ages.





Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

16 






Figure 12: Average training hours of employees, by gender and employee category

 FY 2018 and FY 2019 Targets

FY 2018 

Performance

Providing an average of 26 training hours per employee per annum

 Achieved

SOCIAL

Occupational Health and Safety

The Manager values the health, safety and well-being 

of its employees, as positive morale and satisfaction 

directly contribute to productivity and retention levels.

In line with the Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety 

and Security initiatives mentioned in pages 11 to 12, 

the Manager actively promotes a safety culture that 

has no tolerance for injuries at the workplace. The 

Manager is committed to ensuring that its operations 

comply with the relevant Occupational Health and 

Safety regulations. Fire drills and evacuation exercises 

are conducted to cover safety principles, fire hazards, 

preventive gears, exit routes, and raise employee 

awareness and preparedness. Regular safety inspections 

are also carried out at the workplace to ensure that it is 

a safe environment. 

The Manager works closely with the property managers 

to drive the occupational health and safety message at 

various offices. The property managers have established 

policies which govern the management and monitoring 

of health and safety risks. In addition, formal joint 

management-worker committees are set up at the 

properties’ level to cultivate a positive health and safety 

mind-set for its employees. These committees monitor 

and implement health and safety programs as well as 

encourage employees to participate actively.

During FY 2018, the Manager has achieved its perpetual 

target of zero cases of reportable work-related injuries 

for its employees. In addition, the employee absentee 

rate increased marginally from 0.65% in FY 2017 to 

0.71% in FY 2018.

 Perpetual Targets

FY 2018 

Performance

0 cases of reportable work-related injuries for employees

 Achieved

57

40

29

30

44

22

2016

2017

2018

■ Male

■ Female

2016

2017

2018

■ Executive

■ Middle Management

■ Senior Management

51

28

37

34

25

30

47

98

27

Sustainability Report 2018

 17






ENVIRONMENT

The Manager is committed to identifying and responding to climate change risks and environmental impacts on 

its portfolio of properties. The Manager aligns itself with ARA Group’s Climate Change Adaptation Policy which 

comprises the three overarching principles of Compliance, Conservation and Communication. In this report, the 

environmental data on fuel, electricity, water and waste are presented with narratives on the consumption trends 

and fluctuations.

ENERGY CONSUMPTION AND CARBON FOOTPRINT

The Manager recognises the impact of its business on the environment. With grid electricity being the main source of 

energy for its properties, higher electricity consumption would directly translate into higher carbon emissions. The 

Manager seeks to improve the energy efficiency of the properties to reduce its carbon footprint and thereby reducing 

utility costs. While the Manager and property managers do not have operational control over tenants’ electricity 

consumption, resources have been deployed at the property-level to enhance the ecosystem of the buildings, raise 

environmental awareness and foster energy conservation. The environmental data and graphs in this section include 

the tenanted areas of the properties based on the equity share approach. FY 2017 environmental data had been 

restated on the same basis. The energy consumption and carbon footprint data in FY 2017 Sustainability Report 

included tenanted areas for Singapore properties and Southgate Complex.

Some of the properties’ environmental initiatives are highlighted below:

Figure 13: Initiatives and actions for energy and emission management

Engage tenants to 

adjust air-condition 

temperature to suit the 

indoor environment

Utilise motion sensors 

that will turn off 

non-essential or idle 

facilities, including 

lighting, elevators, etc

Upgrade buildings’ 

fixtures with efficient 

technology, including 

retrofitting of energy-

saving LED lighting, 

installing of solar 

panels, etc

Encourage tenants 

to adopt green office 

operational standards 

and certifications

Optimise buildings’ 

heating, ventilation 

and air-conditioning 

(“HVAC”) system

Implement the Climate 

Action Pledge to 

further review and 

improve consumption 

of resources

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

18 






ENVIRONMENT

The Manager strives to achieve and maintain green building certifications and ratings for its properties. These 

include Singapore Building and Construction Authority (“BCA”) Green Mark certification, the National Australian 

Built Environment Rating System (“NABERS”) and the Green Building Council of Australia (“GBCA”) Green Star 

rating. The certifications and ratings for each property are highlighted below.

Figure 14: List of key environmental awards and accolades

Key Environmental and Green Building Certifications

Property

 2016 – 2018

Suntec City 

Mall

• BCA – Green Mark Gold (2016 – 2019) 

Suntec 

Singapore

• BCA – Green Mark Gold (2016 – 2019)

• EarthCheck – Bronze (2017)

ORQ

• BCA – Green Mark Platinum (2016 – 2019)

• ISO14001:2015 Environmental Management System (2017 – 2020) 

(property manager)

MBFC 

Properties

• BCA – Green Mark Platinum (2017 – 2020)

• ISO14001:2015 Environmental Management System (2017 – 2020) 

(property manager)

177 Pacific 

Highway

• GBCA – 5 Star Green Star, Office Design v3 Certified Rating (design stage)

• NABERS – 5.5 Star Energy Rating and 4 Star Water rating (2018 – 2020)

Southgate 

Complex

• NABERS – 4 Star Energy Rating (IBM Tower) and 4.5 Star Energy Rating 

(HWT Tower) (both without Greenpower) (2018 – 2019)

• NABERS water assessment – 3 Star Rating (IBM Tower) and 4 Star Rating 

(HWT Tower) (2018 – 2019)







Office Design v3 2016

Figure 15: Total energy consumption by country (MWh)

Figure 16: Energy intensity breakdown by country (kwh/sqm)

Total Energy Consumption (MWh)

200,000

180,000

160,000

140,000

120,000

100,000

80,000

60,000

40,000

20,000

–

2016*

2017

2018

■ Singapore   ■ Australia

141,309

136,580

21,539

158,119

137,343

36,329

173,672

Energy intensity (kwh/sqm)

500

450

400

350

300

250

200

150

100

50

–

2016*

2017

2018

— Singapore   — Australia   — Suntec REIT Average

306

303

296

365

322

297

465

In FY 2018, Suntec REIT’s total energy consumption (i.e. fuel and electricity) and average energy intensity were 

173,672 MWh and 322 kwh/sqm respectively, which were an increase of 15,533 MWh and 19 kwh/sqm from FY 2017. 

Electrical consumption accounted for about 94% of total energy consumption, with the remaining 6% from fuel 

(i.e. natural gas, diesel and cooking gas) consumption. Majority of the fuel consumption arose from natural gas for 

heating requirements during the winter months in Australia.

Note to above graph: For FY 2017, total energy consumption, total 

electrical consumption in Australia was restated as 16,331 MWh (i.e. 

formerly reported as 12,569 MWh, to include tenant’s consumption; and 

total indirect energy consumption from fuel in Singapore was restated 

as 188 MWh (i.e. formerly reported as 365,355 GJ).

Note to above graph: Suntec REIT average energy intensity is computed 

based on total energy consumption divided by total gross floor area of 

Suntec REIT properties.

* 

2016 data was only available for Singapore properties as the Manager took over asset management of the Australian properties in the later part of 2016.

















Sustainability Report 2018

 19






ENVIRONMENT

* 

2016 data was only available for Singapore properties as the Manager took over asset management of the Australian properties in the later part of 2016.

Figure 17: Carbon emissions by direct (Scope 1) and indirect (Scope 2) energy sources in FY 2018

Figure 18: Total carbon emission breakdown by country (tonnes CO2)

Total Carbon emission (tonnes CO2)

100,000

90,000

80,000

70,000

60,000

50,000

40,000

30,000

20,000

10,000

–

2016*

2017

2018

■ Singapore   ■ Australia

59,932

57,923

17,075

74,998

57,532

28,733

86,265

Figure 19: Carbon emission intensity by country (kg CO2/sqm)

Carbon emission intensity (kg CO2/sqm)

400

350

300

250

200

150

100

50

–

2016*

2017

2018

— Singapore   — Australia   — Suntec REIT Average

130

144

125

289

160

125

368

■ Scope 1   ■ Scope 2

86,265 tonnes CO2

2%

98%

The average energy intensity and average carbon emission intensity increased 6% and 11% respectively compared to 

2017. The increase in total energy consumption, GHG emission and intensities were due to the increase in ownership 

of Southgate Complex.8

8 

Suntec uses the equity share approach, as outlined in the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard to consolidate the environmental performance data 

from properties. In May 2018, Suntec REIT increased ownership in Southgate Complex from 25% to 50%. As a result, the environmental data 

consolidated for reporting purpose increased accordingly.

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emission was 2,065 tonnes CO2 and indirect (Scope 2) GHG emission was 84,200 tonnes of CO2 

for FY 2018. Suntec REIT average GHG emission intensity was 160 kg CO2/m2 which was an increase of 16 kg CO2/m2 

from FY 2017.

Note to above graph: Suntec REIT average carbon emission intensity is 

computed based on total GHG emissions divided by total gross floor area 

of Suntec REIT properties.

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

20 






ENVIRONMENT

Suntec Singapore is optimising its energy consumption and reducing its carbon footprint 

“Undertaking of the Ministry of the Environment and Water Resources (“MEWR”) Climate Action Pledge 2018”

As part of Suntec Singapore’s efforts in taking up and upholding the MEWR Climate Action Pledge 2018, a Green 

Cross Functional Team (“CFT”) was formed in FY 2018. The primary features of the CFT are as follow:

1. The Green CFT is an advocate of sustainability in the organisation.

2. The CFT is made up of people from various departments who can help drive the initiatives amongst their 

team members.

3. The team convenes a meeting at least once every quarter to brainstorm ideas on facilitating and improving 

a green culture in Suntec Singapore, while following up on initiatives and checking on their green progress.

 FY 2019 Target

To reduce carbon emissions intensity by 1.5% in FY 2019 from FY 2018 levels

WATER MANAGEMENT

The Manager recognises that water scarcity has an immense impact to the society and environment. In line with 

ARA Group’s Water Consumption/Management Policy, the Manager seeks to promote the responsible use and 

management of water and improve its efficiencies across the properties. Working with the property managers, 

collaborative efforts have been taken in educating tenants, who account for the bulk of water consumption, and 

raising awareness on water conservation. In addition, various initiatives and actions for water management are in 

place as highlighted below.

Figure 20: Initiatives and actions for water management

Communicate water 

conservation awareness 

among tenants/shoppers

Minimise water wastage 

by reducing usage time 

of “push-button” taps 

from 8 seconds to  

4 seconds

Implement a Water 

Efficient Management 

Plan to track leakage 

and wastage

Setting up of auto 

shut-off valve systems in 

restrooms to minimise 

water leakage

Installation of leak 

detection system 

for early warning to 

minimise water leakage 

and damage

Managing chilled water 

systems to enhance 

efficiency

Rainwater collection 

systems at selected 

rooftops which are 

subsequently used for 

irrigation of plants, 

general cleaning, etc.

Regularly monitor 

records of the water 

consumption rate to 

identify water savings 

and remedial measures

Sustainability Report 2018

 21






ENVIRONMENT

Suntec REIT’s properties obtain water from municipal water utilities. In FY 2018, a total of 1,192,077 m3 of water was 

consumed in Singapore and Australia. The aggregated water consumption intensity was 2.2 m3/m2. 

In Singapore, the water intensity increased by 13% from 1.89 m3/m2 in FY 2017 to 2.13 m3/m2 in FY 2018. The increase 

in water consumption level was mainly attributed to an increase in F&amp;B outlets which commenced operations at 

Suntec City in FY 2018. 

Similar to energy consumption, the water consumption by the Australia properties increased substantially due to 

the increase in ownership of Southgate Complex.

Figure 21: Water consumption by country (’000 m3)

Figure 22: Water intensity by country (cubic m/sqm)

* 

2016 data was only available for Singapore properties as the Manager took over asset management of the Australian properties in the later part of 2016.

 FY 2019 Target

To maintain water intensity in FY 2019 from FY 2018 levels

Volume of Water Consumption (’000 m3)

1,400

1,200

1,000

800

600

400

200

0

2016*

2017

2018

■ Singapore   ■ Australia

875

871

116

987

986

206

1,192

Water Intensity (cubic m/sqm)

3

2.5

2

1.5

1

0.5

0

2016*

2017

2018

— Singapore   — Australia   — Suntec REIT Average

1.89

1.89

1.89

1.96

2.21

2.13

2.64



Note to above graph: Suntec REIT average water intensity is computed 

based on total water consumption divided by total gross floor area of 

Suntec REIT properties.

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

22 






ENVIRONMENT

WASTE MANAGEMENT

The Manager believes that proper waste management is important for the environment and human health. In line 

with ARA Group’s Waste Management Policy, various steps and initiatives are undertaken to manage the generation 

and disposal of waste. In addition, concerted measures are taken by the Manager together with the property 

managers to drive waste reduction and raise awareness on recycling as described below.

In FY 2018, the amount of recyclable waste generated increased by 56.3% from 342 tonnes in FY 2017 to 534 tonnes, 

which was in line with the initiatives to encourage tenants to recycle. The increase in waste generated from the 

Australia properties was similarly due to the increased interest in Southgate Complex.

Figure 23: Initiatives and actions for waste management

Figure 24: Total weight of recyclable and non-recyclable waste by country (tonnes)

* 

2016 data was only available for Singapore properties as the Manager took over asset management of the Australian properties in the later part of 2016.

Encourage removal of 

waste bins underneath 

office desks to promote 

recycling, while 

providing separate 

waste stations in 

kitchen areas for 

general, co-mingled 

and green waste

Organise various 

recycling programs and 

partnership with tenant 

on recycling intiatives

Firm commitment 

to purchase recycled 

office products

Collection of e-waste 

and disposed light bulbs

Constant 

communication on 

positive and efficient 

waste management 

practices via posters 

and notices

Weight of Recyclable Waste Generated 

(tonnes)

600

550

500

450

400

350

300

250

200

150

100

50

0

2016*

2017

2018

■ Singapore   ■ Australia

290

239

103

342

309

225

534

Weight of Non-Recyclable Waste Generated 

(tonnes)

8,000

7,000

6,000

5,000

4,000

3,000

2,000

1,000

0

2016*

2017

2018

■ Singapore   ■ Australia

5,826

6,179

409

6,588

6,112

624

6,736

Sustainability Report 2018

 23






METHODOLOGICAL REVIEW

This section explains the key definitions and methodologies applied for Suntec REIT’s sustainability report. These 

are adapted in the context of the GRI Standards Glossary and the Reporting Requirements, Recommendations and 

Guidance set out in the respective disclosures and various authoritative intergovernmental instruments.

SOCIAL

Employee

Employees are defined as individuals who are in an employment relationship with the Manager. 

New hires and turnover

Employee movement within each financial year is recorded and presented as at year-end headcount.

New hires are defined as new employees that have joined the Manager during the year.

Turnover is defined as all employees that have left the Manager voluntarily, or due to dismissal, retirement or death 

in service during the year.

Absentee days and absentee rate 

Absentee days are measured in terms of the number of business days. An absentee day occurs when the employee 

is absent from work because of any incapacity, not just as a result of work-related injury or disease. It excludes 

permitted leave absences such as holidays, study, parental and compassionate leave. 

Absentee rate is the total absentee days lost, relative to the total days scheduled to be worked by the employees in 

the reporting period, expressed as a percentage.

Training hours

Average training hours per employee is the total number of training hours provided to employees, relative to the 

total number of employees, during the year.

Average training hours per female/male employee is the total number of training hours provided to female/male 

employees, relative to the total number of female/male employees, during the year.

Average training hours per employee category is the total number of training hours provided to each category of 

employees, relative to the total number of employees in the category, during the year.

ENVIRONMENT

Consolidation approach

The equity share approach, as outlined in the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard, is used to determine organisational 

boundaries for Suntec REIT’s environmental reporting. The respective ownership for each property as reflected in 

the reported environmental data is as follows:

Property

Ownership

2016

2017

2018

Suntec Office

 

59.1%

 

59.1%

 

59.1%

Suntec City Mall

100.0%

100.0%

100.0%

Suntec Singapore

 

60.8%

 

60.8%

 

60.8%

ORQ

 

33.3%

 

33.3%

 

33.3%

MBFC Properties

 

33.3%

 

33.3%

 

33.3%

177 Pacific Highway

100.0%

100.0%

100.0%

Southgate Complex9

 

25.0%

 

25.0%

 

50.0%

9 

While Suntec REIT increased its interest in Southgate Complex from 25% to 50% in May 2018, the 50% ownership was reflected in the reported 

environmental data for the entire year.

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

24 






METHODOLOGICAL REVIEW

Energy consumption within the organisation

Purchased electricity is the most significant form of energy that Suntec REIT properties consume. Other forms 

of consumed energy are natural gas, cooking gas and diesel fuel. The total energy consumption is expressed in 

megawatt hours (symbol: MWh).

Energy intensity

The metric selected to calculate the respective energy intensity ratios is the square metre (symbol: m2). The ratio is 

calculated by the energy consumed, relative to the total gross floor area of Suntec REIT properties. 

GHG emissions

This report discloses the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions for Suntec REIT properties.

• Scope 1 GHG emissions are emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by the organisation. In the scope 

of reporting, this relates to natural gas, cooking gas and diesel fuel consumed and it is expressed in tonnes of CO2.

• Scope 2 GHG emissions are emissions that result from the generation of purchased or acquired electricity, heating, 

cooling, and steam consumed by the organisation. In the scope of reporting, this only relates to purchased 

electricity and is expressed in tonnes of CO2. A location-based method is adopted, which reflects the GHG emissions 

of the grids on which energy consumption occurs. In Singapore, the emission factor used is the grid emission 

factors for 2017 which is the latest estimate, obtained from “2018 Singapore Energy Statistics” published by the 

Energy Market Authority of Singapore in 2018. In Australia, the emission factors used are the latest estimate 

of the grid emission factors of New South Wales and Victoria, the territories where the Australian properties 

are located in. Data is obtained from the “Australian National Greenhouse Accounts Factors”, published by the 

Department of the Environment and Energy of Australia in 2018.

GHG emissions intensity

The metric selected to calculate the respective GHG emissions intensity ratios is the square metre (symbol: m2). 

The ratio is calculated by the GHG emissions relative to the total gross floor area of Suntec REIT properties. 

Water consumption

Municipal water utilities are the only significant sources of water withdrawn by Suntec REIT properties and it is 

expressed in cubic metres (symbol: m3). For some properties, rainwater is collected directly and stored for usage. 

However, rainwater data is currently unavailable for disclosure. The total volume of water consumed is provided 

with a breakdown by Country.

Water Intensity

The metric selected to calculate the respective water intensity ratio is the square metre (symbol: m2). The ratio is 

calculated by the volume of water consumed, relative to the total gross floor area of Suntec REIT properties.

Waste

Waste generated and disposed by the properties and are expressed in tonnes, with a breakdown of recyclable and 

non-recyclable waste, by Country.

Sustainability Report 2018

 25






GRI CONTENT INDEX

GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference(s) or Reasons for Omission (if applicable)

General Disclosures

Organisational Profile

102-1

Name of the organisation

About Suntec REIT (SR Pg 1)

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

About Suntec REIT (SR Pg 1),

Property Portfolio (AR Pg 24 – 45)

102-3

Location of headquarters

About Suntec REIT (SR Pg 1)

102-4

Location of operations

About Suntec REIT (SR Pg 1)

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Trust Structure and Organisation Chart (AR Pg 14),

Notes to the Financial Statements  

(AR Pg 89, 148 – 151)

102-6

Markets served

Property Portfolio (AR Pg 24 – 45)

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Profile of the Workforce (SR Pg 14),

Financial Highlights (AR Pg 12), Unit Performance 

(AR Pg 13),

Manager’s Report (AR Pg 21-23)

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Profile of the Workforce (SR Pg 14),

Management Team (AR Pg 18 – 20)

102-9

Supply chain

Suppy Chain Management (SR Pg 10)

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain

Year in Review (AR Pg 9), Chairman’s Report  

(AR Pg 10 – 11)

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

Risk Management (SR Pg 8),

Risk Management (AR Pg 50)

102-12

External initiatives

The Manager participates in various national 

and industry efforts towards economic growth, 

good corporate governance, environmental 

conservation, education, and community 

development. The Group is represented in several 

industry bodies or funding the causes of various 

organisations, such as the Asia Pacific Real 

Estate Association, Singapore Chinese Chamber 

of Commerce and Industry, REIT Association of 

Singapore, Singapore Green Building Council, 

Singapore Institute of Directors, Investor Relations 

Professionals Association (Singapore), and 

Securities Investors Association (Singapore).

102-13

Membership of associations

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Board Statement (SR Pg 2),

Chairman’s Report (AR Pg 10 – 11)

Ethic and Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behavior

Business Ethics (SR Pg 8)

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics

Whistle-Blowing Policy (AR Pg 66)

Reference:

SR – Suntec REIT’s Sustainability Report 2018

AR – Suntec REIT’s Annual Report 2018

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

26 






GRI CONTENT INDEX

GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference(s) or Reasons for Omission (if applicable)

General Disclosures

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

Governance (SR Pg 6),

Trust Structure and Organisation Chart (AR Pg 14)

102-20

Executive-level responsibility for economic, 

environmental, and social topics

Governance (SR Pg 6),

The Board’s Conduct of Affairs (AR Pg 55 – 57)

102-22

Composition of the highest governance body and 

its committees

Board of Directors (AR Pg 15 – 17),

Board Composition and Guidance (AR Pg 57 – 59)

102-23

Chair of the highest governance body

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (AR Pg 59)

102-24

Nominating and selecting the highest  

governance body

Board Membership and Performance  

(AR Pg 60 – 62)

102-25

Conflicts of interest

Dealings in Suntec REIT units (AR Pg 71),

Dealing with Conflicts of Interest (AR Pg 71 – 72),

Dealing with Interested Person Transactions  

(AR Pg 72 – 73)

102-26

Role of highest governance body in setting 

purpose, values, and strategy

Board Statement (SR Pg 2),

The Board’s Conduct of Affairs (AR Pg 55 – 57),

Risk Management and Internal Controls  

(AR Pg 65 – 66)

102-29

Identifying and managing economic, 

environmental, and social impacts

Board Statement (SR Pg 2),

The Board’s Conduct of Affairs (AR Pg 55 – 57),

Risk Management and Internal Controls  

(AR Pg 65 – 66)

102-30

Effectiveness of risk management processes

Risk Management and Internal Controls  

(AR Pg 65 – 66)

102-32

Highest governance body’s role in sustainability 

reporting

Board Statement (SR Pg 2), Governance (SR Pg 6)

102-35

Remuneration policies

Remuneration Matters (AR Pg 62 – 64)

102-36

Process for determining remuneration

Remuneration Matters (AR Pg 62 – 64)

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder Engagement (SR Pg 3)

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

All employees within the scope of this report are 

not covered by collective bargaining agreements, 

as they are professionals.

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Stakeholders are entities or individuals that can 

reasonably be expected to be significantly affected 

by the Manager’s activities, portfolio and services, 

or whose actions can reasonably be expected to 

affect the ability of the Manager to successfully 

implement its strategies and achieve its objectives.

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder Engagement (SR Pg 3)

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder Engagement (SR Pg 3)

Sustainability Report 2018

 27






GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference(s) or Reasons for Omission (if applicable)

General Disclosures

Reporting Practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements

Notes to the Financial Statements (AR Pg 110, 113)

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

Reporting Framework (SR Pg 2), Materiality 

Assessment (SR Pg 4)

102-47

List of material topics

Materiality Assessment (SR Pg 4 – 5)

102-48

Restatement of information

In FY2018, following restatement of information 

were made:

1. Australia: total energy consumption (both from 

indirect and direct energy sources) previously 

disclosed in FY 2017 report were restated to 

include tenant’s consumption.

2. Singapore: total indirect energy from fuel 

consumption previously disclosed in FY 

2017 was restated to reflect more accurate 

conversion factor for specific fuel type.

102-49

Changes in reporting

No change in the list of material topic and topic 

boundaries

102-50

Reporting period

Reporting Period (SR Pg 2)

102-51

Date of most recent report

Suntec REIT’s inaugural sustainability report was 

published in May 2018. 

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

Feedback (SR Pg 2, 31)

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards

Reporting Framework (SR Pg 2)

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index (SR Pg 26 – 31)

102-56

External assurance

Assurance was not obtained for this report 

Material Topic: Corporate Governance

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Governance (SR Pg 6 – 8)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Governance (SR Pg 6 – 8)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Governance (SR Pg 6 – 8)

Anti-corruption

205-2

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures

Business Ethics (SR Pg 8)

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken

Business Ethics (SR Pg 8)

Environmental Compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations

Compliance (SR Pg 8)

Socioeconomic Compliance

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area

Compliance (SR Pg 8)

GRI CONTENT INDEX

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

28 






GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference(s) or Reasons for Omission (if applicable)

Material Topic: Energy and Carbon Footprint

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint  

(SR Pg 18 – 21)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Governance (SR Pg 6 – 8), Energy Consumption 

and Carbon Footprint (SR Pg 18 – 21)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint  

(SR Pg 18 – 21)

Energy

302-1

Energy consumption within the organisation

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint  

(SR Pg 19)

302-3

Energy intensity

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint  

(SR Pg 19)

CRE-1

Building energy intensity

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint  

(SR Pg 19)

Emissions

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint  

(SR Pg 20)

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint  

(SR Pg 20)

305-4

GHG emissions intensity

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint  

(SR Pg 20)

CRE-3

GHG emissions intensity from buildings

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint  

(SR Pg 20)

Material Topic: Water Management

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Water Management (SR Pg 21)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Governance (SR Pg 6 – 8), Water Management  

(SR Pg 21)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Water Management (SR Pg 21)

Water

303-1

Water withdrawal by source

Water Management (SR Pg 22)

CRE-2

Building water intensity

Water Management (SR Pg 22)

Material Topic: Occupational Health and Safety

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Occupational Health and Safety (SR Pg 17)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Governance (SR Pg 6 – 8), Occupational Health and 

Safety (SR Pg 17)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Occupational Health and Safety (SR Pg 17)

Occupational Health and Safety

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number 

of work-related fatalities

Occupational Health and Safety (SR Pg 17)

GRI CONTENT INDEX

Sustainability Report 2018

 29






GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference(s) or Reasons for Omission (if applicable)

Material Topic: Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety and Security

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety and Security  

(SR Pg 11 – 13)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Governance (SR Pg 6 – 8), Tenant and Visitor 

Health, Safety and Security (SR Pg 11 – 13)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety and Security  

(SR Pg 11 – 13)

Customer Health and Safety

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health 

and safety impacts of products and services

Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety and Security  

(SR Pg 12)

Material Topic: Security of Information

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Security of Information (SR Pg 10)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Governance (SR Pg 6 – 8), Security of Information 

(SR Pg 10)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Security of Information (SR Pg 10)

Customer Privacy

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses of customer data

Security of Information (SR Pg 10)

Material Topic: Quality of Assets and Services

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Quality of Assets and Services (SR Pg 9)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Governance (SR Pg 6 – 8), Quality of Assets and 

Services (SR Pg 9)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Quality of Assets and Services (SR Pg 9)

Product and Service Labeling

CRE-8

Type and number of sustainability certification, 

rating and labeling schemes

Key Awards and Accolades (SR Pg 9, 13, 19)

Additional Topic: Waste Management

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Waste Management (SR Pg 23)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Governance (SR Pg 6 – 8), Waste Management  

(SR Pg 23)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Waste Management (SR Pg 23)

Additional Topic: Employment Practices

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Profile of the Workforce (SR Pg 14), Employment 

Practices (SR Pg 15)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Governance (SR Pg 6 – 8), Profile of the Workforce 

(SR Pg 14), Employment Practices (SR Pg 15)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Profile of the Workforce (SR Pg 14), Employment 

Practices (SR Pg 15)

Employment

401-1

New employee hires and employee turnover

Profile of the Workforce (SR Pg 14)

GRI CONTENT INDEX

Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust

30 






GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference(s) or Reasons for Omission (if applicable)

Additional Topic: Talent Development

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Talent Development (SR Pg 16)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Governance (SR Pg 6 – 8), Talent Development  

(SR Pg 16)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Talent Development (SR Pg 16)

Training and Education

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

Talent Development (SR Pg 17)

404-3

Percentage of employees receiving regular 

performance and career development reviews

Talent Development (SR Pg 16)

GRI CONTENT INDEX

FEEDBACK 

The Manager values all feedback from stakeholders as they are integral to Suntec REIT’s sustainability reporting 

process. Please send all comments and suggestions to enquiry@suntecreit.com.

Sustainability Report 2018

 31




ARA Trust Management (Suntec) Limited

(As Manager of Suntec REIT)

ARA Trust Management (Suntec) Limited

5 Temasek Boulevard

#12-01 Suntec Tower Five

Singapore 038985

Tel: (65) 6835 9232

Fax: (65) 6835 9672

www.suntecreit.com

