




SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT

2020




Suntec City

One Raffles Quay

MBFC Properties

9 Penang Road

SINGAPORE

CONTENTS

Introduction

01 About Suntec REIT

01 About ARA Trust Management  

(Suntec) Limited

About Suntec REIT

02 Board Statement

02 Reporting Framework

02 Reporting Period and Scope

03 Assurance

03 Feedback

03 Stakeholder Engagement

05 Materiality Assessment

Governance

08 Risk Management

09 Business Ethics

09 Compliance

Delivering Exceptional Value

10 Quality of Assets and Services

11 Supply Chain Management

11 Security of Information

Social

12 Tenant and Visitor Health,  

Safety and Security

14 Human Capital

Environment

18 Energy Consumption  

and Carbon Footprint

21 Water Management

22 Waste Management

23 Methodological Review

00 GRI Content Index




177 Pacific Highway 

Sydney

Olderfleet, 477 Collins Street

Melbourne

55 Currie Street

Adelaide

Nova Properties

London

21 Harris Street

Sydney

Southgate Complex

Melbourne

AUSTRALIA

UNITED  

KINGDOM

ABOUT SUNTEC REIT

Listed on 9 December 2004 on the Main Board of the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-

ST”), Suntec Real Estate Investment Trust (“Suntec REIT”) 

is one of the leading real estate investment trusts in 

Singapore, owning income-producing real estate that 

is primarily used for office and/or retail purposes. As 

at 31 December 2020, Suntec REIT has assets under 

management of over S$11 billion with properties in 

Singapore and key Australian cities of Sydney, Melbourne 

and Adelaide as well as in London, United Kingdom.

In Singapore, Suntec REIT’s portfolio comprises office 

and retail properties in Suntec City, 66.3% interest in 

Suntec Singapore Convention &amp; Exhibition Centre 

(“Suntec Singapore”), one-third interest in One Raffles 

Quay (“ORQ”), one-third interest in Marina Bay 

Financial Centre Towers 1 and 2 and the Marina Bay 

Link Mall (“MBLM” and collectively known as the “MBFC 

Properties”), and 30.0% interest in 9 Penang Road. The 

properties in Australia include 177 Pacific Highway and 

21 Harris Street in Sydney, 50.0% interest in Southgate 

Complex and 50.0% interest in Olderfleet, 477 Collins 

Street in Melbourne and 55 Currie Street in Adelaide. In 

United Kingdom, Suntec REIT owns a 50.0% interest in 

Nova Properties in Victoria, West End, London.

Suntec REIT is managed by an external manager,  

ARA Trust Management (Suntec) Limited (the “Manager”). 

The Manager is focused on delivering regular and stable 

distributions to Suntec REIT’s unitholders, and to achieve 

long-term growth in the net asset value per unit of 

Suntec REIT, so as to provide unitholders with  

a competitive rate of return on their investment.

ABOUT ARA TRUST MANAGEMENT (SUNTEC) LIMITED

Suntec REIT is managed by ARA Trust Management 

(Suntec) Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of ARA  

Asset Management Limited (“ARA or the Group”).

Founded in 2002 and driven by a mission to be best- 

in-class, ARA is a leading APAC real assets fund manager  

with a global reach.

ARA operates a diversified platform across assets, 

strategies and geographies, with approximately  

S$116 billion1 in gross assets under management globally, 

as at 31 December 2020. It offers a wide range of  

investment solutions in both public and private markets, 

managing listed and unlisted real estate investment trusts 

(“REITs”) and private funds in real estate, infrastructure 

and credit across 28 countries. As part of its investor-

operator philosophy, the Group also operates a real estate 

management services division with local teams to manage 

its assets worldwide.

ARA’s multi-platform, multi-product global fund 

management business is driven by dedicated teams 

with in-depth market knowledge and local expertise in 

all countries where it operates and invests. The Group 

strives to work sustainably, is mindful of its impact on the 

environment, and aims to leverage technology to work 

smart and achieve better outcomes for its stakeholders. 

Built on a foundation of strong corporate governance and 

business integrity, ARA manages funds on behalf of many 

of the world’s largest pension funds, sovereign wealth 

funds and financial institutions.

ABOUT

THIS REPORT

Note:

1  Includes assets under management by ARA Asset Management Limited 

and the Group of companies (“ARA Group”) and its Associates.



01


BOARD STATEMENT

The Board of Directors of the Manager (the “Board”) 

is pleased to present Suntec REIT’s Sustainability 

Report for the financial year ended 31 December 

2020 (“FY 2020”). This report discloses Suntec REIT’s 

environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) impacts 

and its progress towards the goal of sustainable 

management of its real estate portfolio.

Suntec REIT is focused on its mission in “forging ahead 

to create, provide and deliver value to all stakeholders”. 

In achieving the mission, the Board considers 

sustainability issues as part of its strategic formulation 

and sets the strategic direction in ensuring good 

corporate governance, prudent financial management, 

fair employment practices and efficient utilisation 

of resources. The Board has approved the material 

ESG matters and determined them to be relevant for 

the current year. The Board oversees that these ESG 

matters are monitored and managed. The Manager 

stays vigilant in upholding Suntec REIT’s commitments 

towards sustainability practices and creating value for its 

stakeholders.

The Manager believes in the importance of integrating 

sustainability into its business strategies and operations 

in achieving Suntec REIT’s sustainable economic 

growth2 and delivering long-term unitholder value. 

Suntec REIT achieved the highest 5-star rating in its 

inaugural GRESB submission in 2020. This is testament 

to our commitment towards sustainability practices, 

making a positive impact on the community and the 

environment as well as our investment in people. Suntec 

REIT’s sustainability policies, practices and performance 

are detailed in this report, which are interrelated to its 

overall financial performance from the governance, 

socioeconomic and environmental perspectives.

REPORTING FRAMEWORK

This report has been prepared in accordance with the Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards – Core option and GRI 

Construction and Real Estate Sector Supplement (“CRESS”), as 

well as the relevant requirements under the 2021 Global Real 

Estate Sustainability Benchmark (“GRESB3”) Assessment. The  

GRI Standards were selected as it is an internationally 

recognised reporting framework that covers a comprehensive 

range of sustainability disclosures and is suited to Suntec REIT’s 

industry and business model. Reference has also been drawn 

from the Sustainability Reporting Guide of the SGX-ST Practice 

Note 7.6 in meeting the primary components as set out in the 

SGX-ST Mainboard Listing Rule 711B of the Listing Manual of 

the SGX-ST, where applicable. Please refer to the GRI Content 

Index attached at the end of this report for more information.  

In addition, this report together with other ESG information,  

will be submitted as part of Suntec REIT’s participation in the 

2021 GRESB Assessment.

REPORTING PERIOD AND SCOPE

The reporting period covered in this report is from 

1 January to 31 December 2020, with relevant data 

from prior year(s) as comparison. Unless otherwise stated, this 

report covers the performance of properties4 that have been 

in Suntec REIT’s portfolio and operational for at least one full 

financial year. Three assets, namely 21 Harris Street in Sydney, 

Olderfleet, 477 Collins Street in Melbourne are development 

projects that were completed in April 2020 and July 2020 

respectively while Nova Properties in London, was acquired 

in December 2020 and therefore excluded from the scope 

of this report. For environmental performance, Suntec REIT 

uses the equity share approach, as outlined in the Greenhouse 

Gas Protocol Corporate Standard (“GHG Protocol Corporate 

Standard”) to consolidate the environmental performance data 

from its portfolio of properties based on ownership interest (see 

Figure 1). For socioeconomic and governance performance, 

this report covers primarily employees of the Manager.

ABOUT

THIS REPORT

Notes:

2  For more details on Suntec REIT’s FY 2020 financial results, please refer to Suntec REIT’s Annual Report FY 2020.

3 GRESB is the environmental, social and governance benchmark for real assets. Working in collaboration with the industry, GRESB defines the global 

standard for sustainability performance in real assets, providing standardised and validated ESG data to the capital markets. More than 100 institutional 

investors, including pension funds and insurance companies, use GRESB data and analytical tools to optimize the risk/return profile of their investments. 

In 2020, more than 1,200 property companies, real estate investment trusts, funds, and developers participated in the Real Estate Assessment, 

representing USD 4.8 trillion assets under management. The Assessment covers more than 96,000 assets across 64 countries.

4  For more details on Suntec REIT’s property portfolio, please refer to pages 24 to 53 of Suntec REIT’s Annual Report FY 2020.

5  Includes proportionate interest in Suntec Singapore (Retail) (Before 1 July 2020: 60.8%; 1 July 2020 onwards: 66.3%).

FIGURE 1: REPORTING SCOPE 



COUNTRY

PROPERTY

PROPERTY TYPE

Singapore

Suntec City

• Office (59.1%) 

• Retail (100.0%)

Suntec Singapore Convention and Exhibition 

Centre (“Suntec Singapore”)5

•  Meeting, Incentive, Convention and Exhibition (“MICE”) 

 (Before 1 July 2020: 60.8%; 1 July 2020 onwards: 66.3%)

One Raffles Quay (“ORQ”)

•  Office (33.3%)

Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 1 and 2, and 

the Marina Bay Link Mall (“MBFC Properties”)

•  Office (33.3%) 

•  Retail (33.3%)

9 Penang Road

•  Office (30.0%)

Australia

177 Pacific Highway

•  Office (100.0%)

Southgate Complex

•  Office (50.0%) 

•  Retail (50.0%)

55 Currie Street

•  Office (100.0%)



SUNTEC REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST

02


ABOUT

THIS REPORT

ASSURANCE

The Manager has not sought external assurance for this 

report. However, the Manager may seek full assurance for 

future sustainability reports as its reporting matures over 

time.

FEEDBACK

The Manager values all feedback from stakeholders as 

they are integral to Suntec REIT’s sustainability reporting 

process. Please send all comments and suggestions to 

enquiry@suntecreit.com.

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

Regular engagement with stakeholders is important to 

Suntec REIT’s long-term success. Frequent stakeholder 

engagements are undertaken to identify pertinent 

issues related to ESG matters to facilitate continuous 

improvement of the operations.

In 2020, despite the challenges posed by the COVID-19 

pandemic, the Manager continued to engage key 

stakeholders through both virtual and in-person 

meetings. Regular meetings and conference calls were 

held with investors through virtual platforms to provide 

updates on Suntec REIT’s performance and outlook, 

as well as communicate the REIT’s ESG performance, 

including the measures implemented to protect the 

health and safety of its employees and tenants. The 

annual general meeting was also conducted virtually to 

protect the health and safety of investors and minimise 

physical interactions.

Figure 2 below details the Manager’s engagement 

activities with its key stakeholders.

FIGURE 2: STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT



STAKEHOLDER  

GOUP

MODE OF  

ENGAGEMENT

FREQUENCY OF  

ENGAGEMENT

KEY INTERESTS BY  

STAKEHOLDER GROUP

SUNTEC REIT’S  

RESPONSES IN FY 2020

Business  

partners  

(strategic  

partners, banks)

Corporate events

Regular

• Alignment of interests

•  Good corporate   

governance

• Sustainable 

performance

Suntec REIT publishes annual 

reports and sustainability 

reports to inform our 

business partners on our 

governance and sustainability 

practices.

Meetings and discussions

Regular

Employees  

(REIT Manager)

Orientation programme for  

new employee

Regular

• Employee welfare 

management

• Fair employment 

practices

• Good corporate 

governance

• Skills development and 

career progression

• Health and safety

Suntec REIT helps its 

employees develop their 

careers through regular 

performance appraisals 

and training programmes. 

We are committed to 

good governance and fair 

employment practices and 

communicate our efforts 

through internal staff 

newsletters. Welfare care  

packs which included a 

thermometer and hand 

sanitiser were given to 

employees at the onset of  

the pandemic.

Employee satisfaction survey

Ad hoc

Team cohesion activities

Regular







03

  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020




STAKEHOLDER  

GOUP

MODE OF  

ENGAGEMENT

FREQUENCY OF  

ENGAGEMENT

KEY INTERESTS BY  

STAKEHOLDER GROUP

SUNTEC REIT’S  

RESPONSES IN FY 2020

Government 

agencies 

and industry 

organisations

Communication and consultation 

with government and authorities

Regular

• Compliance 

with regulatory 

requirements

• Contributions to 

industry

• Environmental impact

• Good corporate 

governance

• Health and safety

Suntec REIT shares its 

compliance practices 

through consultation forums 

with regulators such as 

the Monetary Authority 

of Singapore (MAS). ARA 

also contributes to the real 

estate industry by sharing 

our sustainability efforts at 

dialogue sessions organised 

by industry organisations  

such as GRESB. The 

Manager also attended 

dialogue sessions with the 

various ministries regarding 

the COVID-19 impact 

to Singapore retail and 

convention business.

Participation in industry associations, 

forums and dialogues e.g. Building 

and Construction Authority, Investor 

Relations Professional Association 

(Singapore), Green Building Council of 

Australia, International WELL Building 

Institute, New South Wales and 

Victoria State Governments, Office of 

Environment and Heritage, Property 

Council of Australia, REIT Association 

of Singapore (REITAS), Singapore 

Green Building Council (SGBC), 

Singapore Institute of Directors, 

Singapore Retailers Association and 

Urban Redevelopment Authority, 

Asia Pacific Real Estate Association 

and Securities Investors Association 

(Singapore)

Regular

Investment 

community 

(institutional  

and retail 

investors, 

analysts)

Annual General Meeting

Annual

• Good corporate 

governance

• Performance of assets

• Suntec REIT’s outlook 

and strategic plans

• Market Outlook

• Stable and sustainable 

distribution

• Timely and transparent 

reporting

• Net asset value growth

In addition to sharing its 

financial and sustainability 

performances in annual 

reports and sustainability 

reports, Suntec REIT updates 

the investment community 

on its business  performance  

on a quarterly basis. The 

Manager also publishes 

ad-hoc announcements 

and circulars to update the 

investment community. 

These reports and 

announcements can be 

easily accessed on Suntec 

REIT’s website.

Investor conferences

Regular

Investor relations channel

Active

Meetings and teleconferences with 

investors and analysts

Regular

Non-deal roadshows

Regular

Tenants

Enquiries and feedback channel

Active

• Good property 

maintenance

• Health and safety

• Shoppers’ traffic  

(for retail)

• Mall publicity  

(for retail)

To promote a healthy lifestyle,  

both virtual and physical 

wellness programmes are 

organised for tenants. At 

Suntec City, virtual and 

outdoor workout sessions 

were held in partnership with 

the Health Promotion Board. 

The Manager also works 

closely with retail tenants 

to promote the shopping 

malls and increase shopper 

traffic. In 2020, rent assistance 

and  additional measures 

were also implemented to 

support tenants through the 

challenging period.

Meetings and discussions

Regular

Tenant satisfaction survey

Regular

“By the Bay” and “Host” community 

engagement apps

Active

Retail  

shoppers

Enquiries and feedback channel

Active

• Availability of 

promotional 

campaigns

• Diversity of retail mix

• Health and safety

• Accessibility

• Family friendly

Suntec REIT strives to 

maintain a diverse mix of retail 

options for shoppers. Working 

closely with retail tenants, 

marketing and promotional 

events are organised regularly 

and publicised on Suntec 

City’s website and social 

media platforms.

Suntec+ lifestyle app and loyalty 

programme

Active









ABOUT

THIS REPORT

FIGURE 2 (CONT’D): STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT



SUNTEC REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST

04


ABOUT

THIS REPORT

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

The Manager defines material sustainability matters as issues with significant ESG impact on Suntec REIT and its 

stakeholders. These matters will substantially influence the decision-making process of its stakeholders and affect the 

achievement of short and long-term goals. To identify the material sustainability matters, the Manager adopts a rigorous 

four-step Materiality Assessment process, as summarised below in Figure 3.

In FY 2020, the Manager conducted a review of Suntec REIT’s material ESG matters that were finalised and approved 

by the Board after a formal assessment workshop conducted in the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (“FY 2019”) 

based on the above Four-step process. The review concluded that the list of material ESG matters and performance 

targets set continue to be relevant and was presented and approved by the Board. 

FIGURE 3: FOUR-STEP PROCESS FOR MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT







The shortlisted sustainability matters are ranked 

by Suntec REIT’s key internal functions as well as 

representatives for the external stakeholders. The 

following set of criteria is used to determine the 

relevance and significance of each matter:

• Relevance to Suntec REIT’s business strategies, 

business model and outcomes

• Likelihood and impact on the continuity of the 

business

• Influence on decision-making process of key 

internal and external stakeholders

2

Prioritisation



A final materiality assessment is conducted to 

refine the list of material sustainability matters 

under focus, and to determine their impact on 

both internal and external stakeholders. The 

results of this assessment allow the Manager to 

distil the most critical sustainability matters and 

additional sustainability matters for reporting. 

These material sustainability matters are 

presented in the Board Meeting and approved 

by the Board.

3

Validation



These sustainability matters are to be reviewed 

on an annual basis to ensure their continued 

relevance and significance. Where required or 

deemed necessary, the materiality assessment 

workshop will be re-conducted with 

participations from Suntec REIT’s internal and 

external stakeholders.

4

Review



The Sustainability Consultant conducts a materiality 

assessment workshop to identify the sustainability 

matters most relevant and significant to Suntec 

REIT’s internal and external stakeholders. A list of 

potential sustainability matters, including risks and 

opportunities are identified through discussions with 

key management representatives from all functions 

to understand their concerns, and the concerns 

of key external stakeholders with whom they 

communicate. The material ESG matters reported 

by Suntec REIT’s industry peers are also being 

reviewed as part of benchmarks for evaluating their 

relevance to Suntec REIT.

1 

Identification





05

  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020




ABOUT

THIS REPORT

FIGURE 4: SUNTEC REIT’S MATERIAL SUSTAINABILITY MATTERS 

High

High

Impact on internal stakeholders

Not Material

A3

7

6

5

3

4

1

2

A1

A2

Impact on external stakeholders



Material Sustainability Matters

1

Corporate Governance

2

Occupational Health and Safety

3

Tenant &amp; Visitor Health, Safety and Security

4

Quality of Assets and Services

5

Security of Information

6

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint

7

Water Management



Additional Sustainability Matters

A1 Waste Management

A2 Employment Practices

A3 Talent Development

FIGURE 5: TARGET SETTING PROCESS



Review

Continuous 

monitoring  

of the progress  

and reviewing 

the targets set in 

subsequent years



Target Setting

Determine relevant 

indicators for 

performance 

measurement and 

set quantitative or 

qualitative targets



Priority Setting

Study market 

expectations,  

industry peers’ 

performance  

and regulatory 

environment for all 

material ESG matters



Baselining

Select a period of 

time with consistent 

performance  

as the baseline - 

normally a fiscal year



SUNTEC REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST

06


GOVERNANCE

Suntec REIT’s unitholders place their trust in the Manager 

to deliver regular and stable distributions and achieve 

long-term growth. In upholding this trust, the Manager 

believes it has an obligation to act honestly, with due care 

and diligence, in the unitholders’ best interests.

The Manager has adopted an overall corporate 

governance framework6 designed to meet best practice 

principles. The Manager recognises that an effective 

corporate governance culture is critical to its performance 

and consequently, the success of Suntec REIT.

In line with the corporate governance framework, 

the Manager has established a formal Suntec REIT 

Sustainability Committee led by the Chief Executive  

Officer (“CEO”) with senior representatives from the 

finance, investor relations, special projects and asset 

management functions (see Figure 6).

The Suntec REIT Sustainability Working Committee 

takes the lead in enhancing the sustainability report’s 

disclosures, performance targets and systems, and 

driving responsible business practices in accordance with 

Suntec REIT’s sustainability philosophy. The Suntec REIT 

Sustainability Working Committee has also set up a green 

finance framework for financing and refinancing eligible 

properties with green finance, that includes loans, bonds 

and trade facilities. In FY 2020, Suntec REIT raised its first 

sustainability-focused funding with an A$450 million 

green loan facility.

The Suntec REIT Sustainability Working Committee, in 

consultation with the ARA Group Sustainability Steering 

Committee, reports to the Board on sustainability policies 

and practices. The table below presents a summary of 

sustainability policies which apply to all ARA entities.

Note:

6 For more details on Suntec REIT’s corporate governance, please refer to pages 66 to 87 of Suntec REIT’s Annual Report FY 2020.

FIGURE 6: SUNTEC REIT SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE





SUNTEC REIT SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE





Supported by















Working

Committee

Key Management Personnel from respective property managers

Asset

Managers

Assistant  

Finance  

Director

Investor

Relations  

Manager

Operations &amp; 

Projects

Manager

Group 

Governance &amp; 

Sustainability

Human

Resource



Reporting

Committee



Chief Executive  

Officer



Chief Operating  

Officer



Head of  

Finance



Head of  

Special Projects



Head of Group  

Governance &amp;  

Sustainability



07

  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


GOVERNANCE

FIGURE 7: SUSTAINABILITY POLICIES AT SUNTEC REIT7 

Notes:

7 ARA Group has recently reviewed and updated its corporate policies on ESG topics to reflect new trends and developments in the business environment.  

The refreshed set of group-level policies took effect on 1 February 2021.

8 For more details on Suntec REIT’s risk management, please refer to page 65 of Suntec REIT’s Annual Report FY 2020.

RISK MANAGEMENT

Suntec REIT has an Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) 

Framework8 which covers the management of its 

strategic enterprise, operational, financial and compliance 

risks. The ERM Framework considers the governance, 

socioeconomic and environmental aspects of the business 

and aims to provide reasonable assurance on compliance 

with relevant legislations and safeguarding of assets 

against material losses.

The strategic risks relate to sustainable long-term growth 

of Suntec REIT through sound investment strategies, 

asset management and clear communications with 

stakeholders. The Manager is focused on achieving 

sustainable profitability, and balances risks and returns 

across its property portfolio, with strong corporate 

governance, accountability and transparency. The 

operational risks relate to the day-to-day management 

of the property portfolio, including human capital 

where there are established remuneration policies on 

compensation, benefits and succession planning. The 

financial risks relate to the impact to Suntec REIT’s 

financial position, arising from changes in market 

conditions such as liquidity, interest rates and credit 

exposures. The Manager’s approach is to ensure 

sufficient liquidity of Suntec REIT to meet its liabilities 

when due, under both normal and stressed conditions 

in its cash-flow projections. The compliance risks relate 

to adherence to applicable laws and regulations which 

Suntec REIT is subjected to in the various jurisdictions 

which it operates.



CATEGORY

TOPIC

Governance 



Board Diversity

Board Performance Evaluation

Governance Matrix

Authorisation Grid

Code of Corporate Governance

Code of Ethics

Enterprise Risk Management

Deal Allocation

Whistle Blowing

Shareholder Rights

Group Compliance

Internal Code on Securities Dealing

Communications

Crisis Management

Intellectual Property Rights

Staff Declaration

Treasury

Valuation

Supplier Code of Conduct

Outsourcing

Cybersecurity

Compliance with ESG Laws  

and Regulations

Anti-Money Laundering and  

Countering the Financing of Terrorism



CATEGORY

TOPIC

Social 



Diversity and Equal Opportunities

Employment

Performance and Career Development

Stakeholder Engagement

Labour Management Relations

Quality of Assets and Services

Personal Data Protection

Community Development

Environment 



Climate Change

Pollution Prevention

Biodiversity and Habitat

Resilience to Catastrophe and Disaster

Environmental Management System

Energy Consumption and Management

GHG Emissions and Management

Water Consumption and Management

Waste Management

Material Sourcing and Sustainable 

Procurement

Indoor Environmental Quality



SUNTEC REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST

08


GOVERNANCE

BUSINESS ETHICS

The Manager seeks to uphold its ethical principles based 

on ARA’s core values of Respect, Excellence, Integrity 

and Teamwork in all its business activities. The Manager 

adheres to ARA’s Governance Policies and measures put 

in place against fraud, corruption, insider trading and 

misuse of confidential information.

 

The Manager’s zero tolerance towards wrongdoings 

and breaches of the policies is communicated to 

all employees during the induction training. This is 

further confirmed by all employees during their annual 

declaration on compliance with these Governance 

Policies. Any non-compliance with these policies will 

result in disciplinary action and/or immediate dismissal 

of the staff. All of Suntec REIT’s employees have received 

communication and mandatory trainings on anti-

corruption and business ethics. Anti-corruption policies 

were communicated to all Suntec REIT’s suppliers 

through ARA Group’s Supplier Code of Conduct. The 

Manager requires all suppliers to adopt a zero tolerance 

stand towards all forms of corruption including bribery, 

extortion, personal or improper advantage.

COMPLIANCE

The Manager adopts a comprehensive Compliance 

Framework established by the ARA Group. The Manager 

works closely with external legal professionals and 

the ARA Corporate Division on legal and regulatory 

matters, including changes to requirements. Adopting a 

proactive approach, the Manager participates regularly 

in consultations with authorities such as the Monetary 

Authority of Singapore and the SGX-ST and provides 

feedback on the regulatory regimes.

The Manager’s approach towards compliance is further 

detailed below in Figure 8.

For FY 2020, the Manager has met its perpetual target of zero validated cases of corruption, fraud or non-compliance 

with relevant laws, regulations and Governance Policies.



PERPETUAL TARGET

FY 2020 PERFORMANCE

0 validated cases of corruption, fraud and non-compliance with relevant laws, 

regulations and Governance Policies

 Achieved





FIGURE 8: APPROACH TOWARDS COMPLIANCE

Monitoring

The Company Secretaries and 

Internal Auditors ensure that 

Board procedures are duly 

followed and regularly reviewed 

for compliance. Any material 

non-compliance or weakness, 

including recommendations for 

improvements, is reported to the 

Audit Committee.



Compliance 

Control  

Self-Assessment

The Compliance Control Self-

Assessment process evaluates 

the adequacy and effectiveness 

of internal controls in addressing 

compliance risks in specific 

areas. It is annually certified by 

the Manager and audited by 

independent professionals.



Training on the 

Latest Regulatory 

Development

Directors and management receive 

regular updates on regulatory 

requirements, such as the Securities 

&amp; Futures Act, Common Reporting 

Standards, Foreign Account Tax 

Compliance Act and Singapore 

Financial Reporting Standards. This 

is facilitated by the ARA Corporate 

Division and/ or external professionals.





09

  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


DELIVERING  

EXCEPTIONAL VALUE

QUALITY OF ASSETS AND SERVICES

The Manager believes that high quality assets attract 

good tenants and high footfall to the properties and 

therefore deliver greater returns to the unitholders. 

Strategically, the focus is on acquiring stable income-

producing properties in strategic locations, while 

continuously improving the operational efficiency of the 

invested assets.

Sustainable design and planning are considered, where 

feasible, during the decision-making process for 

acquisition and asset enhancement of the properties. 

Relevant environmental and technical assessments are 

conducted on areas such as structural safety, mechanical 

&amp; electrical, and energy efficiencies. In addition, the 

Manager strives to maintain the environmental and 

energy efficiency ratings of the properties owned. This 

was achieved in FY 2020. Furthermore, in its day-to-

day management, the Manager works closely with 

the property managers to optimise the sustainability 

performance of the properties. This involves the use of 

technology to monitor system performance and improve 

the efficiencies of facilities by fine-tuning the operation. 

Additionally, strict management during the renovation 

and upgrading works ensures high fit-out standards 

which will contribute to an improvement in the assets’ 

overall environmental performances.

Tenant satisfaction is integral to Suntec REIT’s continued 

commitment towards quality and business excellence. 

The Manager strives to maintain high tenant satisfaction 

within its properties. Feedback from tenants and visitors 

are gathered through the property managers, virtual 

and face-to-face meetings, telephone conversations 

and/or online surveys. The upgraded end-of-trip 

(“EOT”) facilities at 177 Pacific Highway, Sydney was 

well received by tenants. Based on new feedback from 

tenants, the Manager is working with the property 

manager to develop a community social engagement 

calendar for the occupiers. 

In several properties, external consultants had been 

engaged periodically to study the tenants’ views on areas 

such as cleanliness, indoor air quality, thermal comfort 

and availability of natural light. Through these various 

engagements, the Manager can better understand the 

needs of tenants and tailor its efforts to meet them.

In addition, regular training has been provided to staff of 

the property managers to deliver service excellence. In 

line with the Singapore Workforce Skills Qualifications 

(WSQ)9, staff of the property managers in Singapore 

continued to attend employee trainings during FY 2020 

to upgrade their skills, enhance productivity and obtain 

certifications. These trainings enable the property 

managers to uphold the quality of assets and services of 

Suntec REIT. The Manager and property managers have 

clinched numerous accolades over the years, which 

reflect their commitment towards maintaining excellent 

standards in the quality of assets and services. Figure 

9 shows the key awards and accolades attained. For 

other social and environmental awards and certifications 

relevant to the Manager and property managers, refer to 

pages 13 of this report.

Note:

9 National Credential system that trains, develops, assesses and certifies skills and competencies for the workforce, both general and industry specific.

FIGURE 9: LIST OF KEY AWARDS AND ACCOLADES FOR EXCELLENCE



PROPERTY

KEY AWARDS &amp; ACCOLADES FOR EXCELLENCE (2018-2020)

Suntec City

• SRA Excellent Service Award (EXSA) 2019 - 2 Star awards, 5 Gold awards and 16 Silver awards  

(property manager)

Suntec 

Singapore

•  Asian Federation of Exhibition &amp; Convention Associations Awards 2019 – Outstanding Consumer 

Exhibition (First Place)

•  Asian Federation of Exhibition &amp; Convention Associations Awards 2019 – Outstanding Technology 

Solutions &amp; Services Award (Runner-up)

•  Best Convention Centre 2019 – 9th Global Eventex Awards

•  Corporate Excellence Award 2019 – Asia Pacific Entrepreneurship Awards

•  Friend of the Arts Award 2019 – National Arts Council

•  World Travel Awards 2019, 2018 – Asia’s Leading Meetings &amp; Convention Centre



PERPETUAL TARGET

FY 2020 PERFORMANCE

Maintain environmental and energy efficiency ratings of Suntec REIT’s properties

 Achieved



SUNTEC REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST

10


DELIVERING  

EXCEPTIONAL VALUE



PERPETUAL TARGET

FY 2020 PERFORMANCE

0 validated cases of data breaches, non-compliance with privacy laws and 

substantiated complaints relating to breaches of confidential information.

 Achieved

SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

Suntec REIT promotes sustainability in its supply chain 

processes. The supply chain ranges from cleaning, 

security, landscaping and renovation contractors, to 

professional service providers of banking, audit and tax 

services. The Manager conducts the relevant supplier pre-

qualification assessment prior to the tender exercises and 

works closely with the property managers to ensure that 

service providers have sound business ethics and comply 

with the applicable employment and environmental laws 

and regulations. These include Singapore’s Workplace 

Safety and Health Act and Australia’s Work Health and 

Safety Act. On an annual basis, the Manager and property 

managers evaluate the performance of these suppliers 

and service providers to provide them feedback for 

improvements. Non-compliant suppliers and service 

providers are penalised or terminated based on the 

contractual terms and are barred from providing services 

to the properties in the future. The Manager also ensures 

that suppliers are duly paid to safeguard creditor’s rights 

and interests.

SECURITY OF INFORMATION

The ever-changing information technology (“IT”) 

landscape and emerging cyber threats pose risks and 

vulnerabilities to the stakeholders’ confidential data 

and information. Any breakdown in IT controls could 

cause data breaches and result in significant legal and 

reputational costs to the organisation. Guided by the ARA 

Group’s Cybersecurity Policy, the Manager and property 

managers have established the IT controls and processes 

to safeguard the privacy and confidential information of 

stakeholders as well as to comply with the Personal Data 

Protection Act in Singapore and the Privacy Act in Australia. 

In addition, all ARA employees are required to attend 

mandatory cybersecurity training.

Various IT controls are established to prevent, detect and 

respond to threats concerning security and confidentiality of 

data at the properties. These controls include firewalls, server 

encryption and restricted access rights. All ARA employees 

are required to attend mandatory cyber security trainings 

annually. In addition, the ARA Group has established an IT 

Disaster Recovery Plan (“IT DRP”) that serves to minimise 

the Manager’s operational downtime and data loss, while 

ensuring a level of stability and orderly recovery. Briefings 

are held on a periodic basis to familiarise employees with 

the IT DRP procedures. Regular IT DRP exercises are carried 

out to simulate the scenario of a disaster and participants are 

relocated to an offsite centre with ready access to IT systems 

and restored database and files from the cloud backup.

For FY 2020, the Manager has met its target of zero validated 

cases of data breaches, non-compliance and substantiated 

complaints.

FIGURE 9 (CONT’D): LIST OF KEY AWARDS AND ACCOLADES FOR EXCELLENCE



PROPERTY

KEY AWARDS &amp; ACCOLADES FOR EXCELLENCE (2018-2020)

Suntec 

Singapore

• Asia Pacific Entrepreneurship Awards – Corporate Excellence Award 2019

• Dun &amp; Bradstreet - Business Eminence Award 2019

• AFECA Outstanding Consumer Exhibition 2019 – Sprout Singapore (First Place)

• AFECA Outstanding Technology Solutions &amp; Services Award 2019 – Suntec HybriD (Runner-up)

•  “Passion Made Possible” Unsung Hero Award 2019 - Siva Ramalinggam – Singapore Tourism Board &amp; 

Northstar Meetings Group

• AFECA Young Professional Award 2019 - Edmund Quek (Runner-up)

•  APAC Insider Singapore Business Awards 2018 – Meetings &amp; Conference Venue of the Year

•  Global Association of the Exhibition Industry (UFI) Awards 2018 – Digital Innovation Award

•  Marketing Events Awards 2018 – Best Homegrown Event

•  World Travel Awards 2018 – World’s Leading Meetings &amp; Conference Centre

ORQ

•  SRA Excellent Service Award (EXSA) 2019 – 2 Star awards and 9 Silver awards (property manager)

MBFC 

Properties

•  SRA Excellent Service Award (EXSA) 2019 – 2 Star awards and 9 Silver awards (property manager)



11

  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


SOCIAL

TENANT AND VISITOR HEALTH, SAFETY AND SECURITY

The Manager recognises its responsibilities in ensuring 

the health, safety and security of its stakeholders, and 

works to inculcate a “safety first mindset” throughout 

its operations. Prudent management of this matter is 

vital for the Manager to enhance business resilience and 

respond swiftly to potential disruptions and challenges 

such as a pandemic. The Manager ensures the safety 

and security of the properties through the installation 

of security access control system (i.e. access barriers, 

facial-recognition access control, electromagnetic lock), 

closed-circuit television, deployment of security guards 

and put in place measures to comply with health and 

safety advisories directed by the authorities. 

Regular inspections are carried out by the property 

managers to ensure a safe environment at the properties. 

To raise tenants’ and visitors’ awareness, fire drills and 

evacuation exercises are conducted to cover safety 

principles, fire hazards, use of preventive gears and  

exit routes.

In addition, the property managers ensure that all fitting 

out works are carried out in a safe and socially responsible 

manner, based on approved drawings which comply with 

regulations and fitting out guidelines. Regular on-site 

meetings and inspections are held together with the 

tenants to ensure safety and compliance.

Throughout FY 2020, as the COVID-19 pandemic spread 

through communities around the world, additional 

measures such as temperature screening and more 

frequent cleaning of high-touch points were swiftly 

implemented in order to protect our tenants’ and visitors’ 

health and safety, while continuing to provide a high level 

of services. In Sydney, we implemented a booking system 

for the EOT facilities at 177 Pacific Highway to enable safe 

use and contact tracing. We have also applied durable 

self-disinfecting coatings at many high-touch areas  

(e.g. lift buttons) in our assets.

For FY 2020, the Manager met its perpetual target of 

zero validated cases of non-compliance with relevant 

regulations and voluntary codes concerning health and 

safety across all properties. In addition, the Manager and 

property managers have received numerous accolades 

which are described in Figure 10, as a testimony of 

the effectiveness of the properties’ health and safety 

management systems.



PERPETUAL TARGET

FY 2020 PERFORMANCE

0 validated cases of non-compliance with relevant regulations and  

voluntary codes concerning health and safety across all properties

 Achieved







CASE STUDY: R U OK DAY AT 177 PACIFIC HIGHWAY AND 55 CURRIE STREET

In addition to ensuring a safe environment for tenants 

and visitors, the Manager works with property managers 

to promote tenants’ health and well-being. To promote 

mental well-being, the property management teams at 

177 Pacific Highway and 55 Currie Street, organised an R 

U OK Day event. By transforming the office building lobby 

into a welcoming space with beanbag chairs and music, 

the event encouraged tenants to start a conversation 

about mental health and send positive messages to 

each other. Before the COVID-19 pandemic, our local 

partners in Adelaide, Australia organised yoga sessions, 

flu vaccination drives, and health screenings through 

collaborations with on-site medical centres. 







SUNTEC REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST

12




PROPERTY

KEY SOCIAL AWARDS &amp; ACCOLADES (2018-2020)

Suntec City

•  ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health &amp; Safety (“OH&amp;S”) Management Systems (2020-2023)  

(property manager)

•  Singapore Security Industry Awards 2019 – Excellence in Job Redesign Award

•  Restroom Association (Singapore) 6 Star Certificate Of Accreditation (2020-2021)

•  Workplace Safety and Health Council (“WSHC”) – bizSAFE STAR Certification (2020-2023)  

(property manager)

• WSHC – bizSAFE Partner Certification (2019-2021) (property manager)

•  Singapore Security Industry Awards 2019 – Excellence in Job Redesign Award

•  National Fire and Civil Emergency Preparedness Council (“NFEC”) 2018 – Fire Safety Excellence Award

•  National Safety and Security Watch Group Award 2018

•  Company Emergency Response Team Challenge 2018

Suntec 

Singapore

•  Enterprise Singapore (ESG) SG CLEAN Quality Mark Certification (2020-2021)

•  ISO 45001:2018 OH&amp;S Management Systems (2020-2023) (property manager)

•  WSHC– bizSAFE STAR Certification (2018-2020), (2020-2023)

•  WSHC – bizSAFE Partner Certification (2019 - 2021)

•  National Safety and Security Watch Group Cluster Award 2018

•  Recognised by WSG and Tripartite Partners as a Human Capital Partner

• Employer Branding Institute – India - Top 100 Asia’s Best Employer Brand Awards 2019-2020

• HR Excellence Awards 2019 – HR Leader of the Year (Special Mention) 2019 – Grace Yang

•  National Trades Union Congress (“NTUC”) Health Volunteer Friends Award 2018

•  Singapore Corporation of Rehabilitative Enterprises (“SCORE”) Sparks of Hope Award 2018

•  Asia Best Employer’s Award 2018 – Hospitality Sector

•  The Global Association of the Exhibition Industry (“UFI”) Awards 2018 – Human Resources Award

•  May Day Award Plaque of Gold 2018 – Progressive Employer Award

ORQ

•  ISO 45001:2018 OH&amp;S Management Systems (2020-2023) (property manager)

•  Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Series 18001 Occupational Health and Safety Management 

(2017-2020) (property manager)

•  WSHC – bizSAFE Star Certification (2020-2023) (property manager)

•  WSHC – bizSAFE Partner Certification (2020-2022) (property manager)

•  WSHC – Safety and Health Award Recognition For Projects – SHARP Award (2020, 2018)

•  WSHC – Workplace Safety and Health Performance Award 2018 (Silver) (property manager)

MBFC 

Properties

•  ISO 45001:2018 OH&amp;S Management Systems (2020-2023) (property manager)

•  OHSAS 18001 Occupational Health and Safety Management (2017-2020) (property manager)

•  WSHC – bizSAFE Star Certification (2020-2023) (property manager)

•  WSHC – Workplace Safety and Health Performance Award 2018 (Silver) (property manager)

•  WSHC – bizSAFE Partner Certification (2020-2022) (property manager)

•  Enterprise Singapore (ESG) SG CLEAN Quality Mark Certification (2020-2021)

•  WSHC - Safety and Health Award Recognition For Projects – SHARP Award (2020, 2018)

9 Penang 

Road

•  ISO 45001:2018 OH&amp;S Management Systems (2020-2023) (property manager)

•  WSHC – bizSAFE STAR Certification (2020-2023) (property manager)

• WSHC – bizSAFE Partner Certification (2019-2021) (property manager)

SOCIAL

FIGURE 10: LIST OF KEY SOCIAL AWARDS AND ACCOLADES



13

  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


HUMAN CAPITAL

Human capital and development is a key part of Suntec REIT’s growth strategy. This is achieved by continuously 

engaging and developing all employees through five main strategic focuses as described below:

PROFILE OF THE WORKFORCE

Suntec REIT’s success is achieved through the dedication 

and contributions of the Manager’s employees from 

diverse backgrounds and age groups. All the employees 

of the Manager are based in Singapore and more than 

half of them are women who hold middle and senior 

management positions. The Manager has been providing 

stable employment in the past with no layoff through 

redundancy and its staff turnover is low despite the 

competitive nature of the fund management industry.

SOCIAL

FIGURE 12: PERCENTAGE COMPOSITION OF TOTAL EMPLOYEES, BY GENDER, EMPLOYEE CATEGORY AND AGE

The Manager’s team comprises 20 (female: 13; male: 7) 

full-time permanent employees based in Singapore, an 

overall increase of 1 employee from 2019. During  

FY 2020, there were 5 new hires, 4 resignations, 1 internal 

transfer from the ARA Group and 1 internal transfer to  

the ARA Group. In FY 2019, there were 3 new hires and  

2 resignations.

Talent Strategy  

&amp; Planning

Enhance internal 

talent bench strength 

to support business 

growth through talent 

development and 

retention.



High Performance  

Culture

Build a high-

performance culture 

that drives the individual 

and corporate to 

achieve superior results.



Employee Connectivity  

&amp; Engagement

Enhance employee 

connectivity and 

engagement through 

creating a family-

oriented culture within a 

multinational corporation 

environment.



Business Driven

Align human 

resources (“HR”) 

framework with 

business needs and 

place it in the centre 

of business growth.



Talent Acquisition

Hire the right 

talent and profile 

to grow with the 

organisation.







FIGURE 11: HR STRATEGY FRAMEWORK













HR Strategy Framework

Talent Strategy  

&amp; Planning

Build High 

Performance  

Culture

Develope  

Business  

Driven HR

Build Employee  

Connectivity &amp; 

Engagement

Talent  

Acquisition

28%

26%

35%

72%

74%

65%

2018

2019

2020

Male

Female

28%

26%

25%

28%

44 %

26%

48%

30%

45%

2018

2019

2020

Executive

Middle  

Management

Senior  

Management

17%

16%

10%

55%

28 %

47%

37%

55%

35%

2018

2019

2020

Age &gt; 50

Age 30 – 50

Age &lt; 30



SUNTEC REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST

14


EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES

Fair employment practices are some of the key factors 

in attracting and retaining employees. The Manager 

strives to be an employer of choice by promoting 

diversity, equality, personal development, mutual trust 

and teamwork at the workplace. Taking reference from 

the Tripartite Alliance for Fair Employment Practices in 

Singapore, the Manager embraces diversity by hiring 

talent from different backgrounds and cultures based on 

meritocracy and providing equitable opportunities and 

treatment to its employees. The Manager complies with 

the Singapore’s labour laws and employment acts and it 

also supports the national Work Right initiative in relation 

to the Employment Act and CPF Act.

Employees are provided with the Employee Handbook 

which details the HR terms and conditions of 

employment, benefits and entitlements. The Manager 

adopts the ARA Group’s open-door policy in sharing 

ideas and feedback during luncheons and get-togethers 

with senior management, team-building activities and 

cohesion programmes.

Employee wellness and work-life balance is a key emphasis 

at the workplace. Benefits such as health care, disability 

and invalidity coverage, marriage leave, parental leave and 

retirement provision are provided to all employees. In FY 

2020, despite restrictions on social gatherings, we leveraged 

online platforms, to conduct well-being programs and 

enhance connectivity across ARA teams. For example, “Stay 

Home, Stay Healthy” is a series of online workshops, which 

focus on employee well-being while working from home. 

Topics that were covered include Nutrition, Tips to prevent 

Neck and Back Aches, Aromatherapy, to help staff stay 

healthy, both physically and mentally.

To maintain a sense of connectedness and promote mental 

well-being, we leveraged on technology to enable effective 

SOCIAL

For FY 2020, the Manager has met its target of zero validated cases of non-compliance with employment regulations or 

acts concerning employee rights.

virtual communications during lockdown. Business units 

have adapted to the new working environment and keeping 

everyone connected through daily team meetings, virtual 

coffee catch-up and weekly company updates. A weekly 

newsletter, InsideARA - Staying Connected, was launched 

to keep all staff engaged and united during this difficult time. 

Colleagues shared stories on coping with the pandemic and 

lockdowns in their respective countries, reminding one another 

that we are all in this fight together. Tips and resources were 

included to maintain  mental and physical wellness.

ARA is a big supporter of Corporate Social Responsibility 

(“CSR”) and annually plans and involves employees in 

various CSR activities. In 2020, Suntec City was a supporting 

partner for the virtual Purple Parade for the fifth consecutive 

year. The Purple Parade is Singapore’s largest movement 

that supports inclusion and celebrates the abilities of People 

with Disabilities. Additional information on CSR initiatives 

by ARA and Suntec REIT are provided in Figure 13 below. 

These CSR activities provides a platform for employees and 

business partners to give back to society and individuals 

who contributed greatly to these activities and initiatives are 

recognised biannually with the ARA CSR Champion Award.



PERPETUAL TARGET

FY 2020 PERFORMANCE

0 validated cases of non-compliance with employment regulations  

or acts concerning employee rights

 Achieved



FIGURE 13: BREAKDOWN BY GENDER &amp; AGE GROUP FOR NEW HIRES AND TURNOVER

Male (New Hires)

Female (New Hires)

Less than 30 years old

30 – 50 years old

More than 50 years old

1

(5%)

1

(5%)

1

(5%)

2

(10%)

0

(0%)

0

(0%)

Male (Turnover)

Female (Turnover)

Less than 30 years old

30 – 50 years old

More than 50 years old

4

(20%)

0

(0%)

0

(0%)

0

(0%)

0

(0%)

0

(0%)



15

  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


SOCIAL

TALENT DEVELOPMENT

The Manager is committed to investing in employee 

training and development to build a competitive 

and sustainable workforce. In line with ARA Group’s 

Performance and Career Development policy, a well-

structured employment category and grading system is 

put in place to provide a clear progression path for all 

employees.

The ARA Group’s HR department works closely with the 

CEO and Heads of Department to identify learning needs 

of employees based on the ARA Competency Framework 

of Self Mastery, People Skills, Business Alignment, and 

Strategic Alignment. The HR department supports the 

Manager with suitable training programmes, where 

employees are kept updated on their individual training 

needs as well as the relevant courses and seminars to 

attend. A bi-annual training newsletter is also circulated 

to all employees, to keep them informed of the latest 

training trends and developments.

Adopting an Open Appraisal System, the CEO and Heads 

of Department conduct face-to-face meetings with 

each employee to discuss his or her job performance, 

including the areas of responsibilities and improvements. 

In addition, review sessions are done mid-year to 

provide feedback and guidance to employees to ensure 

that the work plan progress toward the goals set is on 

track. The Manager also promotes a responsible culture 

by integrating performance of the ESG targets in the 

remuneration package of the employees. In FY 2020, all 

employees received their performance review.

The Manager surpassed its target of providing an average 

of 26 training hours per employee in FY 2020. The 

average training hours per employee was 36 hours for 

FY 2020, a slight increase as compared to 35 hours in 

FY 2019 despite unavailability of large-scale in-person 

trainings during the COVID-19 pandemic.

For the financial year ending 31 December 2021, the 

Manager maintains the target of providing an average of 

26 training hours per employee.







CASE STUDY: COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENTS AND CSR INITIATIVES IN FY 2020

SME Help Fund 

ARA, together with The Straits Trading Company and JL 

Family Office, launched a S$5 million SME Help Fund to 

help local small and medium enterprises tide over the 

COVID-19 outbreak by providing cheaper, quicker access 

to short-term funding for working capital. The fund was 

later increased to S$8 million with additional contributions.

LifeHouse Singapore Carepack Initiative

Volunteers from ARA joined LifeHouse Singapore and 

National Cancer Centre Singapore (NCCS) in an initiative to 

prepare 16,000 care packs for cancer patients from NCCS 

as well as 3,000 care packs for children patients from KK 

Hospital. Suntec Singapore sponsored over 2,000 sqm of 

event space for the massive undertaking.

Children’s Wishing Well – Bring Smiles to Children this 

Christmas Initiative 

ARA partnered with Children’s Wishing Well to run an 

employee fundraising campaign “Bringing Smiles to 

Children this Christmas”, sponsoring a total of 220 gifts, 

inclusive of 100 Christmas gifts requested by the children 

from Children’s Wishing Well and 120 “back-to-school”  

gift sets for the children.

SGX Bull Charge Virtual Charity Run 2020 

ARA sponsored a team of runners for the SGX Bull 

Charge Virtual Charity Run 2020 in support of the Autism 

Association (Singapore), AWWA Ltd, Fei Yue Community 

Services, HCSA Community Services and Shared Services 

for Charities

Arts and Culture

Donations to Singapore Art Museum Redevelopment 

project and Asian Civilisation Museum Gala 2020 in 

support of arts and culture education



Preparation of care packs



SUNTEC REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST

16


SOCIAL

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

The Manager values the health, safety and well-being of 

its employees, as positive morale and satisfaction directly 

contribute to productivity and retention levels.

In line with the Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety and 

Security initiatives mentioned in earlier section, the 

Manager actively promotes a safety culture that has no 

tolerance for injuries at the workplace. The Manager is 

committed to ensure that its operations comply with 

the relevant Occupational Health and Safety (“OHS”) 

regulations. Fire drills and evacuation exercises are 

conducted to cover safety principles, fire hazards, 

preventive gears, exit routes, and raise employee 

awareness and preparedness. Regular safety inspections 

are also carried out at the workplace to identify work-

related hazards and ensure the workplace is a safe 

environment.

During FY 2020, the Manager has achieved its perpetual 

target of zero cases of reportable work-related injuries 

for its employees.

The Manager works closely with the property managers 

to drive the occupational health and safety message at 

various offices. The Manager has implemented an OHS 

management system by establishing policies which 

govern the management and monitoring of health and 

safety risks. In addition, formal joint management-worker 

committees are set up at the properties’ level to cultivate 

a positive health and safety mind-set for its employees. 

These committees monitor and implement health and 

safety programmes as well as encourage employees to 

participate actively. Employees of the Manager receive 

regular trainings and workshops on occupational 

health and safety.  In line with ARA Group’s Supplier 

Code of Conduct, the Manager engages suppliers with 

established OHS systems that provides safe working 

environment, monitors workplace conditions, and 

addresses work-related hazards.

FIGURE 14: AVERAGE TRAINING HOURS OF EMPLOYEES, BY GENDER AND EMPLOYEE CATEGORY





PERPETUAL TARGET

FY 2020 PERFORMANCE

0 cases of reportable work-related injuries for employees

 Achieved



PERPETUAL TARGET

FY 2020 PERFORMANCE

Providing an average of 26 training hours per employee per annum

 Achieved

57

40

40

33

30

39

2018

2019

2020

Male

Female

2018

2019

2020

98

47

27

34

36

39

27

45

34

Senior Management

Middle Management

Executive



17

  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


ENVIRONMENT

The Manager is committed to identifying and responding 

to climate change risks and environmental impacts on 

its portfolio of properties. Adopting a holistic approach 

in addressing the threat of climate change through 

mitigation and adaptation efforts, the Manager focuses 

on improving energy performance and efficiency 

measures, as well as building resilience across our 

properties. In this report, the environmental data on fuel, 

electricity, water and waste are presented with narratives 

on the consumption trends and fluctuations.

In 2020, many cities implemented lockdown measures 

for parts of the year to curb the spread of COVID-19. 

In Singapore, for example, a Circuit Breaker was 

implemented by the government for almost 2 months. 

During the Circuit Breaker, only essential services 

were allowed to operate. Even after the lockdowns 

were lifted, remote working arrangement continued 

to be the default mode of operation for many of 

the tenants. Additional safe management and social 

distancing measures were also put in place to restrict 

the number of occupants and visitors on our properties. 

The combined effects of lockdown measures, remote 

working arrangement, and social distancing measures 

resulted in lower footfall and physical occupancy in 

our properties, which in turn caused a decrease in 

consumption of energy and water. As such, the 2020 

performance data included in this report are not 

representative of normal operations.

ENERGY CONSUMPTION AND CARBON FOOTPRINT

The Manager recognises the impact of its business on 

the environment. With grid electricity being the main 

source of energy for its properties, higher electricity 

consumption would directly translate into higher carbon 

emissions. The Manager seeks to improve the energy 

efficiency of the properties to reduce its carbon footprint 

and thereby reducing utility costs. While the Manager 

and property managers do not have operational control 

over tenants’ electricity consumption, resources 

have been deployed at the property-level to enhance 

the ecosystem of the buildings, raise environmental 

awareness and foster energy conservation. The 

environmental data and graphs in this section are based 

on the equity share approach, and include both the 

tenanted and common areas of the properties.

The Manager strives to achieve and maintain green 

building certifications and ratings for its properties. 

These include Singapore Building and Construction 

Authority (“BCA”) Green Mark certification, the National 

Australian Built Environment Rating System (“NABERS”) 

and the Green Building Council of Australia (“GBCA”) 

Green Star rating. The certifications and ratings for each 

property are highlighted in Figure 15.





CASE STUDY: NABERS IMPROVEMENT PLAN  

FOR 55 CURRIE STREET, ADELAIDE

After acquiring 55 Currie Street in 2019, the Manager has 

been working closely with the property management 

team to improve the building’s operational performance. 

An external consultant was engaged in FY 2020 to 

develop an action plan to improve the property’s energy 

and water efficiencies.  The Improvement Plan includes a 

detailed list of actions, ranging from engaging tenants on 

green initiatives and replacement of the cooling towers.

Since it was completed in 2016, additional utility sub-

metering were linked to the building management 

system (BMS) to improve the building’s operational 

efficiency. Building upon this strong foundation, Suntec 

REIT worked closely with the property management 

team to develop and implement an updated 

Environmental Management Plan that include specific 

improvement actions such as revising cooling tower 

operation protocols to reduce energy consumption, 

enhance tenant engagement on green initiatives 

including waste segregation for more effective recycling, 

and monitoring indoor air quality (IAQ).

Together, these efforts resulted an improvement to 

NABERS 6 Star Energy Rating (from 5.5 Star) in  

October 2020. 

CASE STUDY: SUSTAINABILITY PLAN FOR 

SOUTHGATE COMPLEX, MELBOURNE

In FY 2020, the Manager engaged an external consultant 

to develop a Sustainability Plan for Southgate Complex. 

The Sustainability Plan aims to establish a roadmap for 

continuous improvements of Southgate Complex’s 

operational performance over the next 5 years. The 

roadmap covers ongoing and future initiatives on 

energy efficiency, water efficiency, on-site renewables, 

biodiversity, indoor environmental quality and waste 

management.

CASE STUDY: ENVIRONMENTAL 

MANAGEMENT PLAN FOR  

177 PACIFIC HIGHWAY,  

NORTH SYDNEY



SUNTEC REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST

18


ENVIRONMENT

TOTAL ENERGY CONSUMPTION AND ENERGY INTENSITY

In FY 2020, Suntec REIT’s total energy consumption (i.e. 

fuel, electricity and district cooling) was 131,112 MWh 

and the average energy intensity was 218 kWh/sqm. 

Compared to FY 2019, total energy consumption and 

energy intensity decreased in Singapore and Australia due 

to the combined effects of energy efficiency measures 

and lower building usage during the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Electrical consumption accounted for about 92.5% of total 

energy consumption, with the remaining 5% from district 

cooling in Singapore and 2.5% from fuel (i.e. natural gas, 

FIGURE 15: LIST OF KEY ENVIRONMENTAL AWARDS AND ACCOLADES



PROPERTY

KEY ENVIRONMENTAL AND GREEN BUILDING CERTIFICATIONS FOR SUNTEC REIT’S 

PROPERTIES (2018 – 2020)

Suntec City

• BCA – Green Mark Gold (2019-2022)

Suntec Singapore

• BCA – Green Mark Gold (2019-2022)

ORQ

• BCA – Green Mark Platinum (2019-2022)

MBFC Properties

• BCA – Green Mark Platinum (2020 – 2023)

• NEA – 3R Award (2019)

9 Penang Road

• BCA – Green Mark Platinum (2018 – 2020)

177 Pacific Highway • GBCA – 5 Star Green Star, Office Design v3 Certified Rating (As-Built)

• NABERS – 6 Star Energy Rating and 4 Star Water rating (2020 – 2021)

Southgate Complex

• 4 Star Energy Rating (2020-2021) and 3.5 Star Water Rating (2020-2021) for IBM Tower

• 4.5 Star Energy Rating (2020-2021) and 3.5 Star Water Rating (2020-2021) for HWT Tower

55 Currie Street

• NABERS – 5 Star Energy Rating (2020-2021) and 4 Star Water Rating (2020-2021)

diesel and cooking gas) consumption. Majority of the 

fuel consumption arose from our properties in Australia, 

where natural gas is required for heating during the 

winter months.

In relation to properties located in Australia where 

climate conditions, building systems and energy 

consumption differ from the Singapore properties, 

the operation demand and climate conditions specific 

to these countries are being reflected in the energy 

consumption trends accordingly.

Note to above graph: Suntec REIT average energy intensity is computed based on total energy consumption divided by total gross floor area (“GFA”) of Suntec 

REIT properties prorated by ownership.

FIGURE 16: TOTAL ENERGY CONSUMPTION  

BY COUNTRY (MWH)

137,343

137,686

114,837

17,471

155,708

155,157

131,112

18,365

16,275

Total Energy Consumption 

(MWh’000)

200

150

100

50

0

2018

2019

2020

Singapore

Australia

FIGURE 17: ENERGY INTENSITY  

BY COUNTRY (KWH/SQM)

Energy Intensity 

(KWh/sqm)

400

300

200

100

0

2018

2019

2020

Singapore

Australia

Suntec REIT Average

276

178

297

274

170

297

218

119

247





19

  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


ENVIRONMENT

TOTAL CARBON EMISSION AND CARBON EMISSION 

INTENSITY

In FY 2020, Suntec REIT procured renewable energy as 

part of the efforts to reduce carbon emissions. A total  

of 547.6 MWh of renewable energy was consumed in  

FY 2020 across three properties (9 Penang Road, 55 

Currie Road and 177 Pacific Highway). To reflect the 

impacts of renewable energy consumption on carbon 

emissions, the Manager is adopting the market-based 

approach to account for Scope 2 emissions in this report.

INITIATIVES ON ENERGY OPTIMISATION

In FY 2020, the Manager continued to roll out automated 

electricity meters and energy efficient LED lighting 

fixtures across its portfolio despite the ongoing 

COVID-19 pandemic. For several of the properties, 

the existing chiller plants were re-programmed and air 

handling units (AHU) replaced with more energy-efficient 

EC motor units. At Southgate Complex, following 

the equipment life cycle assessment, the building 

Of the total 57,682 tonnes CO2 carbon emission for 

FY 2020, direct (Scope 1) GHG emission was 653 tonnes 

(1.13%) and the indirect (Scope 2) GHG emission was 

57,030 tonnes (98.87%).10 Compared to FY 2019, the 

total carbon emission and carbon emission intensity 

reduced by 18.5% and 23.4% respectively mainly due 

to the lower building usage during the COVID-19 

pandemic in 2020.

Note to above graph: The carbon emission factors are different for the two countries and are dependent on the type of electricity generating plant (e.g. 

coal fired or natural gas fired). The carbon emission factor in Australia is higher than Singapore. Carbon emission is computed based on conversion factor 

applicable for that country and the average carbon emission intensity is the total carbon emission divided by total GFA of Suntec REIT properties.

Note:

10 Using a location-based method, Suntec REIT’s 2020 Scope 2 and total GHG emissions are 57,389 and 58,041 tonnes of CO2 respectively.

management system will be upgraded and incorporated 

with the latest chiller energy optimisation system.

In FY 2020, the Manager achieved a 20.5% reduction in 

energy intensity from FY 2019 levels, partly because of the 

lower building usage during COVID-19 pandemic. The 

Manager will continue to monitor and review the energy 

performance of its portfolio.



FY 2024 TARGET

FY 2020 PERFORMANCE

To reduce energy intensity by 3% in 2024 from FY 2019 levels

 Achieved

FIGURE 18: TOTAL CARBON EMISSION  

BY COUNTRY (TONNES CO2)

57,532

57,633

46,858

13,142

71,128

70,775

57,682

13,596

10,824

Total Carbon Emission 

(tonnes CO2 ‘000)

100

80

60

40

20

0

2018

2019

2020

Singapore

Australia

FIGURE 19: CARBON EMISSION INTENSITY  

BY COUNTRY (KG CO2 /SQM)

Carbon Emission Intensity 

(kg CO2/sqm)

200

150

100

50

0

2018

2019

2020

Singapore

Australia

Suntec REIT Average

132.1

124.5

125.9

127.7

124.5

125.1

79.2

100.7

95.8



SUNTEC REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST

20


ENVIRONMENT

WATER MANAGEMENT

The Manager recognises that water scarcity has an 

immense impact to the society and environment. 

In line with ARA Group’s Water Consumption and 

Management Policy, the Manager seeks to promote 

the responsible use and management of water and 

improve its efficiencies across the properties. Working 

with the property managers, collaborative efforts have 

been taken in educating tenants, who account for the 

bulk of water consumption, and raising awareness 

on water conservation. In addition to the existing 

rainwater collection and automatic leak detection 

systems, condensate water from AHUs are used to feed 

chiller plants in some of our properties. Across Suntec 

REIT’s portfolio, existing water fixtures continues to 

be upgraded to more efficient models and submeters 

are being installed to monitor water consumption in 

common facilities.

TOTAL WATER CONSUMPTION AND WATER 

CONSUMPTION INTENSITY

Suntec REIT’s properties source water from the local 

municipal water supply and also utilise on-site reclaimed 

water. In FY 2020, the total water consumption was 

599,096 m3, representing a 34.7% reduction from  

FY 2019 levels.

Specifically, the water consumption intensity of the 

Australia properties recorded a 53.9% reduction while 

the water consumption intensity of the Singapore 

properties reduced 34.9% in FY 2020. The decrease 

in water consumption level was mostly attributed to 

the significant reduction in building usage during the 

COVID-19 pandemic. Accordingly, the aggregated water 

consumption intensity was 1.00 m3/m2 which was 38.6% 

lower than FY 2019 level of 1.62 m3/m2. The Manager will 

continue to monitor and review the water performance  

of its portfolio.

Note to the above graph: Suntec REIT average water intensity is computed based on total water consumption divided by total GFA of Suntec REIT properties 

prorated by ownership.



FY 2024 TARGET

FY 2020 PERFORMANCE

To maintain water intensity in FY 2024 from FY 2019 levels

 Achieved

Volume of Water Consumption

(‘000m3)

1,200

900

600

300

0

2018

2019

2020

Singapore

Australia

FIGURE 20: WATER CONSUMPTION  

BY COUNTRY (’000 M3)

986

1,066

80

841

77

918

552

599

47

FIGURE 21: WATER INTENSITY  

BY COUNTRY (M3/M2)

Water Intensity 

(cubic m/sqm)

2.5

2.0

1.5

1.0

0.5

0

2018

2019

2020

Singapore

Australia

Suntec REIT Average

0.78

1.89

0.75

1.62

0.35

1.00

2.13

1.82

1.19



21

  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


ENVIRONMENT

WASTE MANAGEMENT

The Manager believes that proper waste management 

is important for the environment and human health. In 

line with ARA Group’s Waste Management Policy, various 

steps and initiatives are undertaken to manage the 

generation and disposal of waste. In addition, concerted 

measures are taken by the Manager together with the 

property managers to drive waste reduction and raise 

awareness on recycling as described below.

In FY 2020, as a result of lower building usage during 

the COVID-19 pandemic and new waste management 

measures which were implemented, the amounts of both 

recyclable (456 tonnes, including compostable) and non-

recyclable (3,624 tons) waste were substantially reduced 

compared to FY 2019 (700 tonnes of recyclable and 6,784 

tonnes of non-recyclable). Across a number of our assets 

in Australia, compostable food waste is segregated from 

other wastes and sent to an anaerobic digester for safe 

and sustainable disposal. In Singapore, as part of our 

contribution to the national Zero Waste Masterplan, the 

Manager is exploring implementing onsite food waste 

treatment systems for our assets.

To align with the portfolio’s long-term asset planning and management strategy, the Manager will continue to drive 

waste reduction and raise awareness on recycling.

FIGURE 22: TOTAL WEIGHT OF RECYCLABLE AND NON-RECYCLABLE WASTE BY COUNTRY (TONNES)

Total Recyclable and Compostable

(tonnes)

800

600

400

200

0

2018

2019

2020

Singapore

Australia

309

408

312

205

292

514

700

456

144

Total Non-Recyclable

(tonnes)

8,000

6,000

4,000

2,000

0

2018

2019

2020

Singapore

Australia

6,112

624

6,736

6,167

617

6,784

3,353

3,624

271





CASE STUDY: REPURPOSE PLASTIC BOTTLES

At 9 Penang Road, Singapore, the Manager 

collaborated with the anchor tenant UBS, community 

partners from Care Corner Senior Singapore and 

volunteers from BCA Academy’s Student Council 

to create a series of art installations. The installation 

features 3600 butterflies and birds made from 

repurposed plastic bottles. 





CASE STUDY: FROM OLD SPORTS SHOES TO NEW STADIUMS

Being a small island state with very limited land space, effective 

waste management is a key priority for Singapore. As we embark 

on the national journey towards a Zero Waste Singapore, the 

property managers at ORQ and MBFC Properties partnered with 

ActiveSG to launch a sports shoe collection drive in 2020. Through 

this initiative, collected used sports shoes will be recycled into 

construction materials for environmentally-friendly sports facilities 

that continue to help people stay active and healthy.





SUNTEC REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST

22


METHODOLOGICAL 

REVIEW

This section explains the key definitions and methodologies applied for Suntec REIT’s sustainability report. These 

are adapted in the context of the GRI Standards Glossary and the Reporting Requirements, Recommendations and 

Guidance set out in the respective disclosures and various authoritative intergovernmental instruments.

SOCIAL

Employees

Employees are defined as individuals who are in an employment relationship with the Manager.

New Hires and Turnover

Employee movement within each financial year is recorded and presented as at year-end headcount. New hires are 

defined as new employees that have joined the Manager during the year. Turnover is defined as all employees that have 

left the Manager voluntarily, or due to dismissal, retirement or death in service during the year.

Training Hours

Average training hours per employee is the total number of training hours provided to employees, relative to the total 

number of employees, during the year.

Average training hours per female/male employee is the total number of training hours provided to female/male 

employees, relative to the total number of female/male employees, during the year.

Average training hours per employee category is the total number of training hours provided to each category of 

employees, relative to the total number of employees in the category, during the year.

ENVIRONMENT

Consolidation Approach

The equity share approach, as outlined in the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard, is used to determine organisational 

boundaries for Suntec REIT’s environmental reporting. The respective ownership for each property as reflected in the 

reported environmental data is as follows:



PROPERTY

OWNERSHIP

2018

2019

2020

Suntec Office

59.1%

59.1%

59.1%

Suntec City Mall

100.0%

100.0%

100.0%

Suntec Singapore

60.8%

60.8%

66.3%11

ORQ

33.3%

33.3%

33.3%

MBFC Properties

33.3%

33.3%

33.3%

9 Penang Road

Not in scope

Not in scope

30.0%

117 Pacific Highway

100.0%

100.0%

100.0%

Southgate Complex

50.0%

50.0%

50.0%

55 Currie Street

N.A.

Not in scope

100.0%

Note:

11 Suntec REIT increased its equity interest in Suntec Singapore from 60.8% to 66.3% on 1 July 2020. In this report, the time-weighted average of 63.55% was 

used to consolidate environmental performance data.





23

  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020




PROPERTY  

TYPE

TOTAL ENERGY 

CONSUMPTION 

(MWh)

TOTAL ON-SITE 

AND OFF-SITE 

RENEWABLE 

ENERGY 

CONSUMPTION 

(MWh)

SCOPE 1 GHG 

EMISSIONS  

(tonnes of CO2)

MARKET-BASED 

SCOPE 2 GHG 

EMISSIONS 

(tonnes of CO2)

LOCATION-

BASED SCOPE 2 

GHG EMISSIONS 

(tonnes of CO2)

TOTAL WATER 

CONSUMPTION 

(cubic meter)

TOTAL 

CONSUMPTION 

OF RECYCLED 

WATER  

(cubic meter)

TOTAL WASTE 

GENERATED 

(tonnes)

Office

154,724 

2,243 

1,221 

68,429 

69,872

414,293

81,136 

2,677 

Retail

50,326 

-

-   

20,558 

20,558

324,466 

96,991 

2,777 

Other

19,703 

-   

5 

8,036 

8,036 

118,449 

72,743 

128 

METHODOLOGICAL 

REVIEW

For GRESB 2021 submission, the whole building energy consumption, water consumption, GHG emissions and waste 

generation and disposal data are summarised below:

Energy Consumption within the Organisation

Purchased electricity is the most significant form of energy that Suntec REIT properties consume. Other forms of 

consumed energy are district cooling, natural gas, cooking gas and diesel fuel. The total energy consumption is 

expressed in megawatt hours (symbol: MWh).

Energy Intensity

The metric selected to calculate the respective energy intensity ratios is the square metre (symbol: m2). The ratio is 

calculated by the energy consumed, relative to the total gross floor area of Suntec REIT properties.

GHG Emissions

This report discloses the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions for Suntec REIT properties.

• 

Scope 1 GHG emissions are emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by the organisation. In the scope 

of reporting, this relates to natural gas, cooking gas and diesel fuel consumed and it is expressed in tonnes of CO2. 

The fossil fuels’ emission factors follow the 2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories.

• 

Scope 2 GHG emissions are emissions that result from the generation of purchased or acquired electricity, heating, 

cooling, and steam consumed by the organisation. In the scope of reporting, this only relates to purchased electricity 

and is expressed in tonnes of CO2. A market-based method is adopted, which reflects the energy procurement 

choices made by Suntec REIT in addition to the GHG emissions of the grids on which energy consumption occurs. 

In Singapore, the emission factor used is obtained from “Singapore Energy Statistics 2020” published by the Energy 

Market Authority. In Australia, the emission factors used are the latest estimate of the grid emission factors of New 

South Wales, Victoria and South Australia, the territories where the Australian properties are located in. Data is 

obtained from the “National Greenhouse Accounts Factors”, published by the Department of the Environment and 

Energy in 2020.

GHG Emissions Intensity

The metric selected to calculate the respective GHG emissions intensity ratios is the kilogramme of Carbon Dioxide / 

square metre (symbol: (kg CO2 /m2). The ratio is calculated by the GHG emissions relative to the total gross floor area of 

Suntec REIT properties.

Water Consumption

Municipal water utilities are the only significant sources of water withdrawn by Suntec REIT properties and it is expressed 

in cubic metres (symbol: m3). For some properties, rainwater is collected directly and stored for usage. However, 

rainwater data is currently unavailable for disclosure. The total volume of water consumed is provided with a breakdown 

by country.

Water Intensity

The metric selected to calculate the respective water intensity ratio is the cubic metres / square metre (symbol: m3/m2). 

The ratio is calculated by the volume of water consumed, relative to the total gross floor area of Suntec REIT properties.

Waste

Waste generated and disposed by the properties and are expressed in tonnes, with a breakdown of recyclable and  

non-recyclable waste, by country.



SUNTEC REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST

24


GRI

CONTENT INDEX



TOPIC

GRI STANDARDS

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE TITLE

REFERENCES OR REASONS FOR 

OMISSION (WHERE APPLICABLE)

General 

Disclosure

GRI 102:  

General Disclosure  

2016

Organisational 

profile

102-1

Name of the organization

About Suntec REIT (SR Pg 1)

102-2

Activities, brands, products,  

and services

About Suntec REIT (SR Pg 1),  

Property Portfolio (AR Pg 24 - 53)

102-3

Location of headquarters

Address of the Manager:  

ARA Trust Management (Suntec) Limited 

5 Temasek Boulevard, #12-01  

Suntec Tower Five Singapore 038985

102-4

Location of operations

About Suntec REIT (SR Pg 1)

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Trust Structure and  

Organisation Chart (AR Pg 14),  

Notes to the Financial Statements  

(AR Pg 104 – 168)

102-6

Markets served

Property Portfolio (AR Pg 24 – 53)

102-7

Scale of the organization

Profile of the Workforce (SR Pg 14), 

Financial Highlights (AR Pg 12),  

Unit Performance (AR Pg 13),  

Manager’s Report (AR Pg 20-23)

102-8

Information on employees  

and other workers

Profile of the Workforce (SR Pg 14), 

Management Team (AR Pg 19)

102-9

Supply chain

Supply Chain Management (SR Pg 11)

102-10

Significant changes to  

the organization and its  

supply chain

Year in Review (AR Pg 9),  

Chairman’s Report (AR Pg 10 – 11)

102-11

Precautionary Principle  

or approach

Risk Management (SR Pg 8),  

Risk Management (AR Pg 65)

102-12

External initiatives

The Manager participates in various 

national and industry efforts towards 

economic growth, good corporate 

governance, environmental 

conservation, education, and 

community development.

102-13

Membership of associations 

The Group is represented in several 

industry bodies or funding the causes 

of various organisations, such as the 

Asia Pacific Real Estate Association, 

Singapore Chinese Chamber of 

Commerce and Industry, REIT 

Association of Singapore, Singapore 

Green Building Council, Singapore 

Institute of Directors, Investor Relations 

Professionals Association (Singapore), 

and Securities Investors Association 

(Singapore).

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior  

decision-maker

Board Statement (SR Pg 2),  

Chairman’s Report (AR Pg 10 – 11)

Ethics and  

integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards,  

and norms of behavior 

Business Ethics (SR Pg 9)

102-17

Mechanisms for advice  

and concerns about ethics

Whistle-Blowing Policy (AR Pg 78)

Governance

102-18

Governance structure 

Governance (SR Pg 7),  

Trust Structure and Organisation Chart 

(AR Pg 14)

102-20

Executive-level responsibility 

for economic, environmental, 

and social topics

Governance (SR Pg 7),  

The Board’s Conduct of Affairs  

(AR Pg 67)

102-22

Composition of the highest 

governance body and its 

committee

Board of Directors (AR Pg 15 – 18),  

Board Composition and Guidance  

(AR Pg 70 – 72)

102-23

Chair of the highest 

governance body

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  

(AR Pg 72)

102-24

Nominating and selecting the 

highest governance body

Board Membership and Performance  

(AR Pg 72 – 74)



25

  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


GRI

CONTENT INDEX



TOPIC

GRI STANDARDS

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE TITLE

REFERENCES OR REASONS FOR 

OMISSION (WHERE APPLICABLE)

General 

Disclosure

GRI 102:  

General Disclosure  

2016

Governance

102-25

Conflicts of interest

Dealings in Suntec REIT units (AR Pg 84), 

Dealing with Conflicts of Interest  

(AR Pg 85 -86),  

Dealing with Interested Person 

Transactions (AR Pg 86 – 87)

102-26

Role of highest governance 

body in setting purpose, values, 

and strategy

Board Statement (SR Pg 2),  

The Board’s Conduct of Affairs  

(AR Pg 67),  

Risk Management and Internal Controls 

(AR Pg 77 – 78)

102-29

Identifying and managing 

economic, environmental, and 

social impacts

Board Statement (SR Pg 2),  

The Board’s Conduct of Affairs  

(AR Pg 67),  

Risk Management and Internal Controls  

(AR Pg 77 – 78)

102-30

Effectiveness of risk 

management processes

Risk Management and Internal Controls 

(AR Pg 77 – 78)

102-32

Highest governance body’s role 

in sustainability reporting

Board Statement (SR Pg 2),  

Governance (SR Pg 7)

102-35

Remuneration policies

Remuneration Matters (AR Pg 74 – 76)

102-36

Process for determining 

remuneration

Remuneration Matters (AR Pg 74 – 76)

Stakeholder 

engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholder Engagement (SR Pg 3-4)

102-41

Collective bargaining 

agreements

All employees within the scope of  

this report are not covered by  

collective bargaining agreements,  

as they are professionals.

102-42

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

Stakeholders are entities or individuals 

that can reasonably be expected to be 

significantly affected by the Manager’s 

activities, portfolio and services, or  

whose actions can reasonably be 

expected to affect the ability of the 

Manager to successfully implement its 

strategies and achieve its objectives.

102-43

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement

Stakeholder Engagement (SR Pg 3-4)

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder Engagement (SR Pg 3-4)

Reporting 

practice

102-45

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

Notes to the Financial Statements  

(AR Pg 104 - 168)

102-46

Defining report content and 

topic Boundaries 

Reporting Framework (SR Pg 2), 

Materiality Assessment (SR Pg 5-6)

102-47

List of material topics 

Materiality Assessment (SR Pg 6)

102-48

Restatements of information

There is no restatement of information  

in this report.

102-49

Changes in reporting 

No change in the list of material topic 

and topic boundaries (SR Pg 5 – 6)

102-50

Reporting period 

Reporting Period and Scope (SR Pg 2)

102-51

Date of most recent report 

Suntec REIT’s third sustainability report 

was published in May 2020.

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report 

Feedback (SR Pg 3)

102-54

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with the GRI 

Standards

Reporting Framework (SR Pg 2)

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index (SR Pg 25 – 29)

102-56

External assurance 

Assurance was not obtained for  

this report



SUNTEC REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST

26


GRI

CONTENT INDEX



TOPIC

GRI STANDARDS

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE TITLE

REFERENCES OR REASONS FOR 

OMISSION (WHERE APPLICABLE)

Corporate 

Governance

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

Management 

approach

103-1

Explanation of the material 

topic and its Boundary

Governance (SR Pg 7 – 9)

103-2

The management approach 

and its components 

Governance (SR Pg 7 – 9)

103-3

Evaluation of the  

management approach

Governance (SR Pg 7 – 9)

GRI 205: Anti-

Corruption 2016

Topic-specific 

disclosure

205-2

Communication and training 

about anti-corruption policies 

and procedures

Business Ethics (SR Pg 9)

205-3

Confirmed incidents of 

corruption and actions taken

Business Ethics (SR Pg 9)

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 2016

307-1

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations

Compliance (SR Pg 9)

GRI 419: 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 2016

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and 

economic area

Compliance (SR Pg 9)

Energy and 

Carbon 

Footprint

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

Management 

approach

103-1

Explanation of the material 

topic and its Boundary

Energy Consumption and  

Carbon Footprint (SR Pg 18 – 20)

103-2

The management approach 

and its components 

Governance (SR Pg 7 – 9),  

Energy Consumption and  

Carbon Footprint (SR Pg 18 – 20)

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Energy Consumption and  

Carbon Footprint (SR Pg 18 – 20)

GRI 302:  

Energy 2016

Topic-specific 

disclosure

302-1

Energy consumption within the 

organization

Energy Consumption and  

Carbon Footprint (SR Pg 19)

302-3

Energy Intensity

Energy Consumption and  

Carbon Footprint (SR Pg 19)

GRI G4 

Construction and 

Real Estate Sector 

Disclosures

Sector specific 

indicators

CRE 1

Building energy intensity

Energy Consumption and  

Carbon Footprint (SR Pg 19)

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

Management 

approach

103-1

Explanation of the material 

topic and its Boundary

Energy Consumption and  

Carbon Footprint (SR Pg 18 – 20)

103-2

The management approach 

and its components 

Governance (SR Pg 7 – 9),  

Energy Consumption and  

Carbon Footprint (SR Pg 18 – 20)

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Energy Consumption and  

Carbon Footprint (SR Pg 18 – 20)

GRI 305:  

Emissions 2016

Topic-specific 

disclosure

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Energy Consumption and  

Carbon Footprint (SR Pg 20)

305-2

Energy indirect greenhouse gas 

(GHG) emissions (scope 2)

Energy Consumption and  

Carbon Footprint (SR Pg 20)

305-4

GHG emissions intensity

Energy Consumption and  

Carbon Footprint (SR Pg 20)

GRI G4 

Construction and 

Real Estate Sector 

Disclosures

Sector specific 

indicators

CRE 3

Greenhouse gas emissions 

intensity from buildings

Energy Consumption and  

Carbon Footprint (SR Pg 20)

Water 

Management

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

Management 

approach

103-1

Explanation of the material 

topic and its Boundary

Water Management (SR Pg 21)

103-2

The management approach 

and its components 

Governance (SR Pg 7 – 9),  

Water Management (SR Pg 21)

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Water Management (SR Pg 21)

GRI 303:  

Water and 

Effluents 2018

303-1

Interactions with water as a 

shared resource

Water Management (SR Pg 21)

303-2

Management of water 

discharge-related impacts

No applicable as Suntec REIT does 

not discharge effluents directly into 

the environment. All effluents are 

discharged through municipal  

sewage systems.



27

  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


GRI

CONTENT INDEX



TOPIC

GRI STANDARDS

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE TITLE

REFERENCES OR REASONS FOR 

OMISSION (WHERE APPLICABLE)

Water 

Management

GRI 303:  

Water and Effluents 

2018

Topic-specific 

disclosure

303-3

Water withdrawal

Water Management (SR Pg 21)

GRI G4 

Construction and 

Real Estate Sector 

Disclosures

Sector specific 

indicators

CRE-2

Building water intensity

Water Management (SR Pg 21)

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

Management 

approach

103-1

Explanation of the material 

topic and its Boundary

Occupational Health and Safety  

(SR Pg 17)

103-2

The management approach 

and its components 

Governance (SR Pg 7 – 9),  

Occupational Health and Safety  

(SR Pg 17)

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Occupational Health and Safety  

(SR Pg 17)

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and Safety 

2018

403-1

Occupational health and safety 

management system

Occupational Health and Safety  

(SR Pg 17)

403-2

Hazard identification, risk 

assessment, and incident 

investigation

Occupational Health and Safety ( 

SR Pg 17)

403-3

Occupational health services

No applicable as employees of  

the Manager are not exposed to 

significant occupational health hazards.

403-4

Worker participation, 

consultation, and 

communication on 

occupational health and safety

Occupational Health and Safety  

(SR Pg 17)

403-5

Worker training on 

occupational health and safety

Occupational Health and Safety  

(SR Pg 17)

403-6

Promotion of worker health

Employment Practices (SR Pg 15)

403-7

Prevention and mitigation of 

occupational health and safety 

impacts directly linked by 

business relationships

Occupational Health and Safety  

(SR Pg 17)

Topic-specific 

disclosure

403-9

Work-related injuries

Occupational Health and Safety  

(SR Pg 17)

Tenant and 

Visitor Health, 

Safety and 

Security

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

Management 

approach

103-1

Explanation of the material 

topic and its Boundary

Tenant and Visitor Health,  

Safety and Security (SR Pg 12)

103-2

The management approach 

and its components 

Governance (SR Pg 7 – 9),  

Tenant and Visitor Health,  

Safety and Security (SR Pg 12)

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Tenant and Visitor Health,  

Safety and Security (SR Pg 12)

GRI 416: 

Customer Health 

and Safety 2016

Topic-specific 

disclosure

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning the health and 

safety impacts of products and 

services

Tenant and Visitor Health,  

Safety and Security (SR Pg 12)

Security of 

Information

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

Management 

approach

103-1

Explanation of the material 

topic and its Boundary

Security of Information (SR Pg 11)

103-2

The management approach 

and its components 

Governance (SR Pg 7 - 9),  

Security of Information (SR Pg 11)

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Security of Information (SR Pg 11)

GRI 418: 

Customer Privacy 

2016

Topic-specific 

disclosure

418-1

Substantiated complaints 

concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses  

of customer data

Security of Information (SR Pg 11)



SUNTEC REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST

28




TOPIC

GRI STANDARDS

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE TITLE

REFERENCES OR REASONS FOR 

OMISSION (WHERE APPLICABLE)

Quality of 

Assets and 

Services

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

Management 

approach

103-1

Explanation of the material 

topic and its Boundary

Quality of Assets and Services  

(SR Pg 10)

103-2

The management approach 

and its components 

Governance (SR Pg 7 – 9),  

Quality of Assets and Services  

(SR Pg 10)

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Quality of Assets and Services  

(SR Pg 10)

GRI G4 

Construction and 

Real Estate Sector 

Disclosures

Sector specific 

indicators

CRE-8

Type and number of 

sustainability certification, 

rating and labelling schemes

Key Awards and Accolades  

(SR Pg 10-11, 13, 19)

Additional 

Topic: Waste 

Management

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

Management 

approach

103-1

Explanation of the material 

topic and its Boundary

Waste Management (SR Pg 22)

103-2

The management approach 

and its components 

Governance (SR Pg 7 - 9),  

Waste Management (SR Pg 22)

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Waste Management (SR Pg 22)

GRI 306: Waste 

2020

306-1

Waste generation and 

significant waste-related 

impacts

Waste Management (SR Pg 22)

306-2

Management of significant 

waste-related impacts

Waste Management (SR Pg 22)

Topic-specific 

disclosure

306-3

Waste generated

Waste Management (SR Pg 22)

Additional 

Topic: 

Employment 

Practice

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

Management 

approach

103-1

Explanation of the material 

topic and its Boundary

Profile of the Workforce (SR Pg 14), 

Employment Practices (SR Pg 15)

103-2

The management approach 

and its components 

Governance (SR Pg 7 – 9),  

Profile of the Workforce (SR Pg 14), 

Employment Practices (SR Pg 15)

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Profile of the Workforce (SR Pg 14), 

Employment Practices (SR Pg 15)

GRI 401: 

Employement 

2016

Topic-specific 

disclosure

401-1

New employee hires and 

employee turnover

Profile of the Workforce (SR Pg 15)

Additional 

Topic: Talent 

Development

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

Management 

approach

103-1

Explanation of the material 

topic and its Boundary

Talent Development (SR Pg 16)

103-2

The management approach 

and its components 

Governance (SR Pg 7 – 9),  

Talent Development (SR Pg 16)

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Talent Development (SR Pg 16 - 17)

GRI 404:  

Training and 

Education 2016

Topic-specific 

disclosure

404-1

Average hours of training per 

year per employee

Talent Development (SR Pg 16 - 17)

404-3

Percentage of employees 

receiving regular performance 

and career development 

reviews

Talent Development (SR Pg 16)



29

  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


ARA Trust Management (Suntec) Limited

(As Manager of Suntec REIT)

ARA Trust Management (Suntec) Limited

5 Temasek Boulevard

#12-01 Suntec Tower Five

Singapore 038985

Tel:  (65) 6835 9232

Fax:  (65) 6835 9672

www.suntecreit.com

