


ENDURING • EVOLVING • GROWING

SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 2019







INTRODUCTION

2 

ABOUT ARA LOGOS LOGISTICS TRUST 

2 

VISION, MISSION AND VALUES

3 

BOARD STATEMENT

4 

ABOUT THIS REPORT

6 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

8  

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

GOVERNANCE 

UPHOLDING STRONG GOVERNANCE

11 

RESPONSIBILITY FOR SUSTAINABILITY 

GOVERNANCE

14 

REGULATORY COMPLIANCE

15 

RISK MANAGEMENT

15 

ETHICAL BUSINESS CONDUCT

SOCIAL 

DELIVERING EXCEPTIONAL VALUE

16 

QUALITY OF ASSETS AND SERVICES

17  

QUALITY OF SUPPLIERS

17 

TENANT AND VISITOR HEALTH, SAFETY AND 

SECURITY 

19 

SECURITY OF INFORMATION

SOCIAL

HUMAN CAPITAL

20 

HUMAN CAPITAL

21 

EMPLOYEE PROFILE 

22 

EMPLOYEE WELL-BEING

23 

TALENT DEVELOPMENT

24 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

ENVIRONMENT 

CONSERVING THE ENVIRONMENT

25 

ENERGY CONSUMPTION AND CARBON 

FOOTPRINT

28 

METHODOLOGICAL REVIEW

29 

GRI CONTENT INDEX

CONTENTS


INTRODUCTION 

ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust ("ALOG" or formerly known as 

Cache Logistics Trust) is a real estate investment trust 

("REIT") that invests in income-producing real estate used for 

logistics as well as real estate-related assets in Asia Pacific. 

ALOG was listed on the Main Board of the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited ("SGX-ST") on 12 April 2010.

As at 31 December 2019 ("FY2019"), ALOG's portfolio 

comprised of 27 high-quality logistics warehouse properties 

strategically located in established logistics clusters in 

Singapore and Australia encompassing a total gross floor 

area of 9.0 million square feet ("sq. ft.") and an appraised value 

of S$1.26 billion.

ALOG is managed by ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust 

Management Limited (the "Manager") and ARA LOGOS 

Property Management Pte Ltd ("Property Manager") as its 

property manager. The Manager and Property Manager are 

both wholly-owned subsidiaries of LOGOS Group (“LOGOS”).  

LOGOS is one of Asia Pacific’s leading logistics property 

groups with over 6 million sqm of property owned and under 

development, and a completed value of S$9.4 billion across 

18 ventures. ARA Asset Management Limited (“ARA” or the 

“Group”) is a majority shareholder of LOGOS, which operates 

as ARA’s global logistics real estate platform.

The Manager is focused on value creation through the pursuit 

of disciplined acquisition, growth and proactive portfolio 

management strategies. Coupled with an emphasis on 

prudent capital and risk management, ALOG strives to deliver 

regular and stable distributions to Unitholders and achieve 

long-term sustainable growth.

ALOG's vision is to provide its customers with the highest 

quality logistics real estate solutions in Asia Pacific.

Its mission is to deliver regular and stable distributions to 

Unitholders and achieve long-term sustainable growth in 

Distribution Per Unit and Net Asset Value. ALOG aims to 

continue to create value for all its stakeholders through 

building a strong portfolio and adopting the best practices in 

risk management, corporate governance and sustainability. 

The Manager adopts the core values of the ARA Group when 

conducting its day-to-day operational activities.

ABOUT ARA LOGOS LOGISTICS TRUST

VISION, MISSION AND VALUES

FIGURE 1: THE MANAGER'S CORE VALUES:

RESPECT

The Manager treats 

all stakeholders 

with respect and 

consideration at all 

times. The Manager 

trusts and values the 

contributions of each 

person.

EXCELLENCE

The Manager strives 

for excellence not 

only in financial 

performance but also 

in every aspect of 

managing ALOG. 

The Manager always 

puts Unitholders’ 

interests first.

INTEGRITY

The Manager 

regards integrity as a 

commitment 

to honour the trust 

placed in ALOG. It calls 

for the Manager to be 

truthful at all times. 

The Manager abides 

by a strong code of 

ethics and upholds the 

highest standards of 

professional conduct.

TEAMWORK

The employees of the 

Manager support one 

another and work in 

an environment that 

values teamwork 

and creativity. The 

Manager inspires all 

employees to perform 

to their maximum 

potential.

02

A R A  L O G O S  L o g i s t i c s  T r u s t






INTRODUCTION 

ALOG has built its organisation on a solid foundation of  

strong governance and operational excellence. With the 

publication of its first sustainability report in FY2017, 

ALOG has since continued to improve the disclosures of its 

Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") issues in its 

yearly sustainability reports.

This latest sustainability report for FY2019 discloses ALOG’s 

performance against its key material ESG matters. The 

Manager conducts regular reviews and peer benchmarking 

exercises to ensure its sustainability strategy remains aligned 

with industry best practices.

The Board of Directors ("Board") drives ALOG’s commitment 

in value creation for all its stakeholders through building a 

strong portfolio of properties. ALOG endeavours to adopt 

BOARD STATEMENT

best-in-class approaches to risk management, corporate 

governance and sustainability. The Board views this as a key 

part of ALOG’s responsibility to contribute to society, not just 

economically, but also through its ESG actions. This includes 

the Manager upholding its high standards of corporate 

governance, overseeing fair employment and ensuring the 

efficient use of resources to minimise environmental footprint 

across the portfolio. 

The Board has approved ALOG's material ESG matters and 

has determined their continued relevance for the current 

year. It has considered these sustainability issues as part of 

its strategic formulation and oversees the monitoring and 

management of all material ESG matters. The Board thus 

ensures that the Manager remains accountable for upholding 

ALOG's commitment towards sustainability.

03

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 9








INTRODUCTION 

The Manager is pleased to present ALOG's sustainability 

report, published for FY2019. This report provides an overview 

of ALOG's ESG impacts and its ongoing efforts in achieving 

sustainable management of its logistics-related properties.

SUSTAINABLE ECONOMIC VALUE

By integrating ALOG’s business strategies and operations  

with effective sustainability practices and policies, the 

Manager aims to achieve sustainable economic growth 

and long-term Unitholder value. Accordingly, this report 

reflects the interrelation between ALOG’s sustainability 

policies, practices and performance, and its overall financial 

performance through the governance, socioeconomic and 

environmental perspectives.  

For a detailed breakdown of ALOG's FY2019 financial results, 

please refer to the Operations and Financial Review section 

(pages 28 to 38) and Financial Statements (pages 102 to 179) 

in the FY2019 Annual Report. 

REPORTING FRAMEWORK

This report is prepared in accordance with the Global 

Reporting Initiative ("GRI") Standards - 'Core' option and 

the GRI Construction and Real Estate Sector Supplement 

("CRESS"). The GRI Standards are internationally recognised 

and widely used as a reporting framework globally. As such, 

the GRI Standards continue to be deemed most suitable for 

ALOG's sustainability reporting. Where applicable, reference 

is also drawn from the Sustainability Reporting Guide of the 

SGX-ST Practice Note 7.6 in meeting the primary components 

as set out in the SGX-ST Mainboard Listing Rule 711(B). Please 

refer to the GRI Content Index, which is appended to this 

report.

REPORT PERIOD AND SCOPE

The reporting period covered in this report is for FY2019, 

from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019 with relevant prior 

year comparatives. 

For environmental metrics, the report is focused on 

ALOG's portfolio of multi-tenanted properties in Singapore, 

excluding any master lease / single-tenant properties 

where the Manager does not have control over the  

day-to-day operations. When such properties are converted 

to multi-tenanted leases, as has happened during the 

reporting period, the Manager will include the relevant data  

in the reports going forward.

The reporting scope covered in this report comprises seven 

properties in Singapore, which are described in the table 

below. This report included full year data for Commodity Hub 

as it converted from a master lease to a multi tenanted lease 

in April 2018. Cache Gul LogisCentre (formerly known as 

Precise Two) is also included for the first time in this report, 

as the master lease expired and the property was converted 

to multi-tenancy in April 2019.

For socioeconomic and governance performance, this report 

covers the employees of the Manager. 

ABOUT THIS REPORT

04

A R A  L O G O S  L o g i s t i c s  T r u s t


INTRODUCTION 

Figure 2: Report Scope - Properties Included In This Report

Singapore

Property Type

DHL Supply Chain Advanced Regional Centre

(DHL Supply Chain ARC)

Ramp-up logistics warehouse (partly air-conditioned) with ancillary 

office facilities

Cache Cold Centre

Ramp-up logistics warehouse (majority chiller/freezer) with ancillary 

office facilities

Cache Changi DistriCentre 1

Ramp-up logistics warehouse (partly air-conditioned) with ancillary 

office facilities

Cache Changi DistriCentre 2

Cargo-lift logistics warehouse (partly air-conditioned) with ancillary 

office facilities

Commodity Hub

Ramp-up logistics warehouse (partly air-conditioned) with ancillary 

office facilities

Pandan Logistics Hub

Ramp-up logistics warehouse (partly air-conditioned) with ancillary 

office facilities

Cache Gul LogisCentre

(formerly Precise Two)

Ramp-up logistics warehouse with ancillary office facilities

ASSURANCE

The Manager has not sought external assurance for this 

reporting period. The Manager shall consider external 

assurance by independent professional bodies as the 

reporting structure matures over time.

CONTACT

The 

Manager 

values 

and 

welcomes 

feedback 

from  

stakeholders as they are integral to ALOG's sustainability 

reporting 

process. 

Please 

send 

any 

comments  

and/or suggestions on ALOG's reporting disclosures to  

alog-enquiry@ara-group.com.

For more details on ALOG's property portfolio, please refer to ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust's FY2019 Annual Report.

05

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 9


Stakeholder engagement is a crucial part of ALOG's 

sustainability 

reporting. 

Regular 

engagements 

with 

stakeholders are conducted through various platforms,  

which provide insights into stakeholders' concerns and allow 

INTRODUCTION 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Stakeholder 

Group

Mode of Engagement

Frequency of 

Engagement

Key Interests by 

Stakeholder

ALOG's Response to 

Key Interests during the year

Unitholders / 

Investors

Investor conferences, 

face-to-face meetings and 

non-deal roadshows

Regular

Sustainable 

returns

Timely, 

transparent 

and accurate 

disclosures

Good corporate 

governance

Net asset value 

growth

Performance of 

assets

Maintained proactive communication 

with the investment community to 

keep them updated on operational 

performance, business outlook and 

strategy.

All email / phone correspondences 

are followed through with an internal 

guideline of responding within three 

business days.

Please refer to page 24 and 25 of 

the FY2019 Annual Report for more 

information.

Quarterly announcements 

of financial results and 

distributions

Quarterly

Financial results briefings

Half-yearly

Informative investor 

relations section of the 

corporate website

Throughout 

the year

Dedicated Investor 

Relations team

Throughout 

the year

Annual General Meeting

Annually

Publications including 

the Annual Report and 

Sustainability Report

Annually

Existing and 

Prospective 

Tenants

Regular site visits

As 

appropriate

Quality assets 

and services that 

cater to logistics 

needs

Competitive rental 

rates

Regular tenant 

engagement

Pro-actively engaging tenants in 

respect of their property-related 

issues and discussing where/ 

how ALOG can provide real estate 

solutions to improve their businesses.

Progressively replacing building 

fixtures with those that provide 

energy and water-saving features.

Actively reviewing properties to see 

where asset enhancement initiatives 

("AEIs") can be implemented for both 

existing and new tenants to improve 

their operations as well as increase 

income and value for ALOG.

Achieved occupancy rates of between 

90.0% to 95.3% throughout FY2019.

Phone calls, notices and 

email correspondences

As required

Tenant engagement 

events (including social 

lunches, tenant survey 

and festive events)

Regular

Meetings

Ad-hoc / 

Regular

Third-party 

service 

providers

Meetings

Ad-hoc / 

Regular

Prompt payment 

according to 

deliverables

Cordial working 

relationship

Efficient work 

processes and 

productivity

Adopted electronic payment 

mode and encouraged vendors to 

participate in electronic payment 

mode to speed up the payment 

process to the vendors.

Post-completion / regular 

meetings to obtain feedback and 

discuss how to improve ALOG-

supplier interface and work 

processes.

Ad-hoc / 

Regular

Figure 3: Stakeholder Engagement

them to raise any issues related to ESG matters. ALOG's 

approach towards stakeholder engagement activities is 

outlined in Figure 3.

06

A R A  L O G O S  L o g i s t i c s  T r u s t


INTRODUCTION 

Stakeholder 

Group

Mode of Engagement

Frequency of 

Engagement

Key Interests 

by Stakeholder 

Group

ALOG's Response to Key Interests 

during the year

Community

Social and community 

events

As 

appropriate

Create a positive 

impact on the 

communities they 

operate in

Help the 

vulnerable groups 

in society

Foster strong 

community ties

The Manager, working closely with 

ARA, participated actively in employee 

volunteerism and other community 

involvement activities, which included 

ARA Partnership with NTUC First 

Campus to Bring Over 750  

Pre-School Kids to the Zoo, Suntec 

City Blood Donation Drive and the 

SGX Bull Charge Charity Run 2019.

Sponsorships

As 

appropriate

Media engagement

As 

appropriate

Scholarships

As 

appropriate

Employees of 

the Manager

Employee satisfaction 

survey

Biennially

Good employee 

welfare and working 

environment

Fair employment 

practices

Opportunities for 

career development 

and advancement

Health and safety

Skills development 

and training

The Manager, along with the Group 

Human Resource ("HR") division of 

ARA Group, participated in training 

programmes and employee welfare 

events throughout the year.

Employee appraisals

Biennially

Team cohesion activities

Throughout 

the year

Training programmes and 

skills development

Regular

Orientation programme 

for new employees

Regular

Employee volunteering 

activities

Regular

Government

Participation in industry 

forums

Regular

Compliance 

with rules and 

regulations

Good corporate 

governance

The Manager continues to participate 

actively in dialogue and feedback 

sessions held by JTC Corporation 

and various industry associations for 

topics related to the REIT industry 

and the industrial sector.

ALOG participates regularly in the 

Annual REITs Symposium as part of 

the ARA Group.

The Group is represented in several 

industry bodies such as:

• Association of Real Estate 

Professionals;

• Real Estate Investment Trust 

Association (REITAS);

• Investor Relations Professionals 

Association Singapore;

• Securities Investors Association 

(SIAS);

• Property Council of Australia;

• Real Estate Developers' 

Association of Singapore (REDAS);

• Singapore Chinese Chamber of 

Commerce &amp; Industry;

• Singapore Green Building Council; 

and

• Singapore Institute of Directors.

Meetings and dialogue 

sessions

As 

appropriate

07

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 9


INTRODUCTION 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

The Manager determines material ESG related matters that 

have significant impacts on ALOG and its various stakeholders. 

These issues influence the decision-making process of the 

stakeholders and consequently affect ALOG's achievement of 

short and long-term goals. In FY2019, the Manager performed 

Figure 4: Materiality Assessment Process

a review of the existing material matters and reaffirmed that 

the reported material matters continue to be relevant. Going 

forward, the Manager plans to engage external stakeholders 

in the assessment of material ESG issues.

08

A R A  L O G O S  L o g i s t i c s  T r u s t

FY2017 / 2018

FY2019

Identification of 

sustainability matters

A formal materiality assessment workshop was conducted by an 

independent Sustainability Consultant with active participation 

of key representatives from the Manager and the Property 

Manager to identify the sustainability matters most relevant and 

significant to ALOG's internal and external stakeholders.

A list of potential sustainability matters and associated risks and 

opportunities was identified through:

• 

Peer benchmarking review of material matters

• 

Identification of internal and external stakeholders

• 

Discussion with key management representatives to 

understand their concerns, and the concerns of key external 

stakeholders with whom they communicate with.

In FY2019, the material 

matters were reviewed 

to ensure their relevance. 

This validation included a 

fresh peer benchmarking 

exercise to ensure ALOG's 

sustainability efforts are 

in line with industry best 

practice. 

The continued relevance 

of ALOG's material 

sustainability matters were 

reviewed and approved by 

the Board of Directors.  

Prioritisation

These sustainability matters were then prioritised through an 

unbiased, anonymous electronic voting exercise. The following 

set of criteria was used to determine the significance of each 

matter:

• 

Relevance to ALOG's business model, strategies and 

outcomes

• 

Likelihood and impact on the continuity of the business

• 

Influence on decision-making processes of key internal and 

external stakeholders

Validation

The results of the materiality voting exercise were further 

validated by benchmarking against other REIT Managers in the 

sector. Based on this validated list of material sustainability 

matters, the Manager put in place systems to incorporate 

sustainability across various business functions.

Review

A final materiality assessment was conducted to evaluate the 

relevance of the material matters to determine their impact on 

internal and external stakeholders. From the assessment, the 

Manager has distilled five most critical sustainability matters 

and three additional sustainability matters for reporting.

These material sustainability matters were presented by 

the Sustainability Consultant at a ALOG Board Meeting and 

approved by the Board of Directors. A similar review was then 

repeated in FY2018.


INTRODUCTION 

Figure 5: Materiality Matrix

HIGH PRIORITY

(MATERIAL SUSTAINABILITY MATTERS)

In no particular order of importance

Report Section

Page Number

1 

Corporate Governance

Governance

11

2 Quality of Assets and Services

Quality of Assets and Services

16

3 Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety and Security

Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety and Security

17

4 Occupational Health and Safety

Occupational Health and Safety

24

5 Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint

Environment

25

CHOSEN FOR REPORTING

(ADDITIONAL SUSTAINABILITY MATTERS)

A1 Security of Information

Security of Information

19

A2 Employment Practices

Employee Well-being

22

A3 Talent Development

Talent Development

23

Figure 6: Material Issues Mapped to GRI Standards Topics

The above figure presents the five material sustainability matters and three additional sustainability matters that have been 

selected for reporting.

High

High

Impact on external stakeholders

Impact on internal stakeholders

Not Material

Low

Additional 

Sustainability 

Matters

A1

A2

A3

Material 

Sustainability 

Matters

1

2

3

4

5

09

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 9


INTRODUCTION 

In addition, the Manager recognises that to drive performance, 

it is necessary to have mid and long-term, quantitative targets 

for ALOG's material sustainability matters. The target setting 

process employed by ALOG is set out in Figure 7 below. 







Figure 7: Target Setting Process

PRIORITY

SETTING

Study market 

expectations, peers’ 

performance and 

regulatory environment 

to determine key 

impact areas

DETERMINE 

THE BASELINE

Select a period of 

consistent performance 

for performance 

benchmark

DETERMINE 

THE TARGETS

REVIEW 

THE TARGETS

Determine relevant 

indicators for 

performance 

measurement and 

set SMART targets 

(Specific, Measurable, 

Achievable, Relevant

 and Time-bound)

Continuous monitoring 

of the progress and 

reviewing set targets 

in subsequent years, 

including peer review.

In FY2019, the Manager reviewed and confirmed the  

relevance of all perpetual targets for Governance and Social 

aspects in line with the Target Setting Process.  A peer 

benchmarking exercise was also conducted to ensure that 

ALOG’s targets set are in line with industry standards. These 

targets were presented and approved by the Board and 

disclosed in the respective sections that follow. 

10

A R A  L O G O S  L o g i s t i c s  T r u s t




GOVERNANCE

UPHOLDING STRONG GOVERNANCE

APPROACH

Good corporate governance is the foundation for a 

successful, trusted and respected business organisation. 

The Manager strives to uphold the highest standards of 

corporate governance, integrity and accountability through 

sustainable governance based on its corporate governance 

framework.

The corporate governance framework comprises oversight 

of the Board, involvement of independent internal and 

external auditors, as well as an established system of 

policies, procedures and internal controls. In upholding the 

corporate governance standards, the Manager acts in the 

best interests of Unitholders to deliver regular and stable 

distributions and achieve long-term growth in the asset 

value of its properties.

For more details on ALOG's Corporate Governance, please refer to the Corporate Governance section in 

ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust's FY2019 Annual Report.

The Manager has established an ALOG Sustainability Working 

Committee (the "Committee"), which comprises of the Chief 

Executive Officer ("CEO") along with senior representatives 

from finance, investor relations and asset management 

functions. The Committee takes the lead in enhancing ALOG's 

sustainability reporting disclosures, improving performance 

RESPONSIBILITY FOR SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE

 

 

 

 

Figure 8: ALOG's Sustainability Governance and Organisational Structure

targets and systems and developing responsible business 

practices in accordance with ALOG's sustainability philosophy. 

The Committee reports to the Board at least once annually 

on ALOG's sustainability performance. Please refer to  

Figure 9 which presents a summary of sustainability policies 

which apply to all ARA entities.

Assistant 

Director, 

Finance

CEO

ARA LOGOS LOGISTICS TRUST

Sustainability Working Committee

ARA LOGOS  

LOGISTICS TRUST

BOARD OF 

DIRECTORS

Director

of Asset

Management

ARA Group

Sustainability

Committee

In

consultation

with

Manager, 

Investor 

Relations

11

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 9


GOVERNANCE

UPHOLDING STRONG GOVERNANCE

In FY2019, the Committee conducted a review on the 

effectiveness of ALOG's sustainability management system, 

and it was concluded that robust policies and practices have 

been in place to manage the key material matters identified. 

A summary of ARA Group's sustainability policies adopted by 

ALOG is appended below. 

Figure 9: Summary of Sustainability Policies which apply to all ARA Entities

ARA GROUP-LEVEL POLICIES

Governance

Anti-Bribery 

Policy 

ARA adopts a zero-tolerance stance towards bribery and corruption. All employees are required 

to adhere to a Code of Ethics and observe ethical behaviour. Employees are expected to conduct 

and carry themselves in a manner consistent with the values of ARA.

Internal Code on 

Securities Dealing 

ARA has in place an internal code which prohibits Directors of the Company and executives of the 

Group from dealing in the units of publicly-listed REITs managed by the Group, while in possession 

of unpublished material or non-public price sensitive information in relation to such securities and 

during the "black-out period" in respective jurisdictions.

Whistle Blowing 

Policy

ARA has in place a Whistle Blowing Policy which allows employees, in confidence, to report 

possible improprieties to the Receiving Officer appointed by the Board in a responsible and 

effective manner.

Policy on Conflict 

of Interest

ARA details a rigorous set of procedures to address any potential conflict of interest. All 

employees and major service providers have to declare any potential conflicts of interest before 

entering into transactions. All interested person transactions and situations of conflicted interest 

are subject to review by the Audit Committee.

Fraud Risk 

Management 

Framework 

ARA's fraud risk management framework sets out the principles and a robust system of controls 

and procedures for managing fraud risks. The processes established to identify and assess areas 

exposed to fraud are clearly defined and incorporated in the Risk Profile Register.

Social

Building Safety 

Policy 

ARA is dedicated to ensuring the safety of all tenants and visitors at its properties, and to stay 

in compliance with all safety and security regulations. As an investor-cum-operator, ARA invests 

in quality properties with good standing, reputation, track record, and necessary regulatory 

certifications. 

In assessing potential acquisitions, ARA carries out applicable tests on geotechnical, structural 

and architectural works, including the mechanical and engineering systems of the building.

Cyber Security 

Policy 

ARA recognises the increased risk of cyber-attacks and hence the importance of cyber security in 

the Company. ARA will maintain, secure and ensure legal and appropriate use of ARA's Information 

Technology infrastructure and system. ARA also seeks to enforce its IT policies, safeguard the 

integrity of computers, networks, data and all IT property to ensure that the use of electronic 

communications, computers, IT and network systems complies with its policies.

Personal Data 

Protection Act 

Policy

ARA respect the confidentiality of personal data and privacy of individuals, and are committed to 

complying with the Singapore Personal Data Protection Act (“PDPA”). The PDPA is designed to 

protect the confidentiality of data and the privacy of individuals by regulating the way in which 

personal data is managed, including outlining the purposes for which personal data is collected, 

used and disclosed.

Diversity and Equal 

Opportunities 

Policy 

ARA embraces workplace diversity by hiring talent from different backgrounds, cultures and 

languages based on merit. It respects and appreciates differences in ethnicity, gender, age, 

nationality, disability, sexual orientation, education and religion. It also provides all employees with 

equal opportunities for skills training and development and rewards all employees fairly based on 

their performance and contribution.

Child or Forced 

Labour Policy 

ARA prohibits the employment of anyone below the age of 13 years in any form of labour. It also 

does not tolerate forced labour of any kind, including slave labour, prison labour, indentured labour, 

or bonded labour, including forced overtime hours.

12

A R A  L O G O S  L o g i s t i c s  T r u s t


ARA GROUP-LEVEL POLICIES

Social

Health, Safety and 

Well-being Policy 

ARA is committed to providing a healthy and safe environment for its employees and ensuring that 

the operations comply with the relevant occupational health and safety regulations. In line with the 

Building Safety Policy, ARA provides a safe workplace for its employees to perform their work and 

regular safety inspections are carried out to prevent accidents. ARA is also focused on employee 

wellness and engagement by promoting work-life balance and encouraging its employees to lead an 

active and healthy lifestyle.

Performance 

and Career 

Development 

Policy

ARA recognises that its success is driven by a performance-based culture which emphasises 

talent development, career advancement and employee training. ARA's talent management 

program provides developmental opportunities for its employees and grooms them into future 

leaders for critical positions across the region.

Remuneration 

Policy

ARA seeks to remain competitive by attracting and retaining the best talent. It conducts routine 

benchmarking exercises against different geographical markets and industries to ensure that its 

compensation packages are adequate and competitive in the market. Employees are motivated 

and incentivised through a performance-based culture with competitive fixed and variable pay 

components. All employees are rewarded fairly based on their ability, contribution, performance 

and experience.

Worker Rights 

Policy

ARA employees are entitled to fundamental principles and employee rights at work. This includes 

the elimination of forced or compulsory labour, the abolition of child labour and the elimination of 

discrimination with respect to employment and occupation. ARA also abides by the Ministry of 

Manpower legislation for workplace safety and health, the Employment Act and the CPF Act.

Quality of Assets &amp; 

Services Policy

ARA is committed to differentiate from its peers by providing exceptional quality of assets and 

services, to attract good tenants and high footfall to the properties and therefore deliver greater 

returns to the unitholders. ARA also strives to maintain high tenant satisfaction within its 

properties by understanding and responding to the needs of tenants.

Environment

Climate Change 

Adaptation Policy

ARA is committed to identifying and responding to climate change risks, and to act on 

opportunities to enhance the Company's property portfolio. Managing the efficient use of 

electricity and water represents a dual opportunity to reduce its carbon and water footprint while 

saving on utility costs to improve returns to investors.

Energy 

Consumption / 

Management Policy

ARA is committed to improving energy efficiency and reducing energy consumption at the 

properties. It endeavours to work closely with Property Managers towards educating tenants and 

making improvements to the operations, where possible. 

GHG Emission /

Management 

Policy

ARA is committed to minimising the emission of greenhouse gases and the release of toxic or 

harmful materials from the properties. ARA also seeks to comply with the relevant environmental 

standards in countries where it operates, as well as to monitor its buildings' emission intensity in 

line with expectations in the industry.

Environmental 

Attributes of 

Building Materials

ARA believes in valuing and protecting the environment through its procurement of building 

materials. Besides price and quality, ARA considers potential environmental and ecological impacts 

when sourcing for suppliers and contractors.

Environmental 

Compliance

ARA is committed to ensuring the health, safety and security of its stakeholders, and in 

maintaining its tenants’ satisfaction.

GOVERNANCE

UPHOLDING STRONG GOVERNANCE

13

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 9


GOVERNANCE

UPHOLDING STRONG GOVERNANCE

ACHIEVED

The Manager seeks to uphold its ethical principles based 

on ARA’s core values of Respect, Excellence, Integrity and 

Teamwork in all its business activities. Accordingly, the 

Manager adopts a comprehensive Compliance Framework 

established by the ARA Group to ensure that ALOG fully 

complies with the relevant laws and regulations.

Working closely with ARA Corporate Division and external 

legal professionals on legal and regulatory matters, the 

Manager puts in place effective internal controls and 

procedures that embed compliance into ALOG's day-to-day 

operations. The Manager proactively consults the relevant 

authorities such as the Monetary Authority of Singapore 

("MAS") and SGX-ST, and also provides frequent feedback 

on regulatory regimes. The Manager's approach towards 

compliance is further detailed in Figure 10 below.

GOAL &amp; PERFORMANCE

PERPETUAL TARGET

PERFORMANCE FOR FY2019

Figure 10: Risk Management and Control

REGULATORY COMPLIANCE

COMPLIANCE CONTROL 

SELF-ASSESSMENT

The Compliance Control 

Self-Assessment process 

evaluates the adequacy and 

effectiveness of internal controls 

addressing compliance risks 

in specific areas. It is annually 

certified by Management.

TRAINING ON THE LATEST 

REGULATORY DEVELOPMENTS 

Directors and Management attend 

training workshops on updates 

to regulatory requirements, such 

as the Securities &amp; Futures Act, 

Common Reporting Standards, 

Monetary Authority of Singapore, 

Foreign Account Tax Compliance 

Act and Singapore Financial 

Reporting Standards. This is 

facilitated by the ARA Corporate 

Division and external professionals.

MONITORING 

The Company Secretaries and 

Internal Auditors ensure that 

Board procedures are duly 

followed and regularly reviewed for 

compliance.

Any material non-compliance 

or weakness, including 

recommendations for 

improvements, is reported to the 

Audit Committee.

ZERO

validated cases of non-compliance 

with all relevant laws and 

regulations.

14

A R A  L O G O S  L o g i s t i c s  T r u s t


GOVERNANCE

UPHOLDING STRONG GOVERNANCE

RISK MANAGEMENT

ETHICAL BUSINESS CONDUCT

The Manager adopts a comprehensive approach towards risk 

management in safeguarding ALOG's assets against material 

losses. The Board, with the support of the Audit Committee 

("AC"), has oversight over the Manager's system of risk 

management and internal controls. ALOG's Enterprise Risk 

Management ("ERM") framework covers the management 

of ALOG's strategic enterprise, operational, financial and 

compliance risks, whilst taking into consideration the 

governance, socioeconomic and environmental aspects 

of the business. The Manager reports updates to the risk 

profiles on a quarterly basis to the AC.

The Manager has adopted prudent investment strategies, 

effective asset management and proactive stakeholder 

engagement in managing its strategic risks. The aim is to 

achieve balancing risks and returns across its portfolio and 

reach sustainable long-term growth. The Manager manages 

the day-to-day operational risks, which include human 

capital. As such, the Manager has established remuneration 

policies on compensation, benefits and succession planning. 

In addition, the Manager has put in place various measures 

at the properties to manage operational risk relating to 

quality of assets and services and health and safety.

The Manager also manages the financial risks related to 

ALOG's capital structure and financial position. Together with 

ALOG's internal control activities, the ERM framework seeks 

to provide assurance in complying with applicable laws and 

regulations in various jurisdictions. The Board is updated on 

ALOG's overall risk profile and key risk areas on a quarterly 

basis, including the assessment of internal controls and 

mitigating actions.

The Corporate Governance Report, found on pages 77 to 

94 of the FY2019 Annual Report, sets out the corporate 

governance policies and practices to comply with the 

principles of the Code of Corporate Governance.

ALOG’s core values of Respect, Excellence, Integrity and 

Teamwork are integrated throughout its business operations. 

The Code of Ethics and Code of Business Conduct (collectively 

“the Codes”) set out the Manager’s governance policies 

against fraud, corruption, insider trading and misuse of 

confidential information. All new employees are provided 

training on the Codes as part of the Manager’s induction 

training, where emphasis is placed on zero tolerance towards 

any wrong doings and breaches. Existing staff annually reaffirm 

their declarations on compliance with the Codes, and any  

non-compliance will result in disciplinary action and/or 

immediate dismissal.

Figure 11: Code of Ethics and Code of Business Conduct

CODE OF ETHICS

• 

Ethical behaviour

• 

Sweat-free Code of Conduct

• 

Drug-free workplace

• 

Exercising due care and 

diligence in discharging duties 

and responsibilities

• 

Maintaining confidentiality 

relating to the business

• 

Refraining from outside work 

unrelated to the Company

• 

Prohibiting bribery and 

gratuities

• 

Safeguarding of company assets

CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT

ACHIEVED

GOAL &amp; PERFORMANCE

PERPETUAL TARGET

PERFORMANCE FOR FY2019

ZERO

validated cases of corruption, fraud 

and non-compliance with the policies.

• 

Role of the Board

• 

Remuneration

• 

Accountability and audit

• 

Communication with Unitholders

• 

State of internal controls

• 

Risk management

• 

Chinese Wall policy

• 

Conflict of interest

• 

Fraud prevention and detection

• 

Confidentiality of information

• 

Corporate interest

• 

Conducting international 

business

• 

Financial controls

• 

Compliance controls

• 

Interested person and related-

party transactions

• 

Declaration of interests

15

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 9


SOCIAL

DELIVERING EXCEPTIONAL VALUE

QUALITY OF ASSETS AND SERVICES

APPROACH 

The Manager believes that the quality of asset and property 

services is critical to ensuring tenant satisfaction. High 

quality assets, along with regular upkeep and maintenance, 

attract and retain quality tenants. In achieving high rental and 

occupancy rates, the Manager strives to deliver sustainable 

returns to Unitholders.

The Manager has put in place a comprehensive investment 

and asset management policy. Strategically, it focuses on 

acquiring stable income-producing properties in locations 

with good logistics networks. It also constantly explores 

opportunities to improve operational efficiency and asset 

enhancements to its portfolio. The properties should be  

well-designed and up-to-date so that maintenance and capital 

expenditure will be lower as compared to older assets.

Relevant environmental and technical assessments are 

conducted on aspects such as structural safety, mechanical 

and electrical systems, and energy efficiencies. In its day-

to-day management, the Manager works closely with the 

Property Manager to improve the sustainable performance 

of properties through maintenance and upgrading (i.e. asset 

enhancements). Regular feedbacks from tenants are gathered 

to better understand and meet their needs.

ASSET ENHANCEMENT INITIATIVES (“AEIs”)

• 

Commodity Hub and Pandan Logistics Hub - In FY2019, ALOG upgraded sprinkler systems for over 600,000 sq ft of 

lettable area to meet modern logistics warehouse user requirements.

• 

Commodity Hub – ALOG converted ambient warehouse space to air-conditioned space to suit tenants’ operational 

needs and secured leases with higher rental.

• 

Various properties – ALOG progressively replaced the normal lights into energy-saving LED lights. The LED lights replaced 

in Year 2019 (investment cost approximately S$171,000) projected to save approximately 228,000 kWh per annum.

• 

Cache Gul LogisCentre – ALOG secured lease with a major tenant and is in the midst of upgrading power, LED lights 

and subdivision for this new tenant. This AEI project has resulted in securing full warehouse occupancy at Cache Gul 

LogisCentre as well as a higher rental.

The Manager aims to maintain a strong portfolio occupancy through the delivery of high-quality assets and services. 

In FY2019, the Manager's proactive asset management policy has added value to its tenants’ operational efficiency, 

resulting in a high committed portfolio occupancy rate 95.3% as of 31 December 2019 (31 December 2018: 95.0%). 

This is above the Singapore warehouse market's occupancy rate of approximately 88.0% for warehouses2.

1  

JTC island-wide warehouse sector.

2  

JTC Quarterly Market Report Industrial Properties - 4Q 2019.



AEI in progress at Cache Gul LogisCentre



Conversion work at Commodity Hub

ACHIEVED

PERPETUAL TARGET

PERFORMANCE FOR FY2019

Maintain a strong portfolio 

occupancy rate above the 

Singapore industrial average1

GOAL &amp; PERFORMANCE

16

A R A  L O G O S  L o g i s t i c s  T r u s t


QUALITY OF SUPPLIERS

ALOG seeks to promote sustainability in its supply chain 

processes and appoint responsible and ethical suppliers. 

The Manager and Property Manager work actively with 

approximately 74 active suppliers in areas such as cleaning, 

security, electricity retailer, air-conditioning, M&amp;E, general 

building, water-proofing, landscaping, fire protection, pest 

control and waste disposal. Potential vendors undergo a 

thorough procurement process which ensures that quality 

suppliers are selected based on their price, value, business 

ethics and compliance with applicable socioeconomic and 

environmental regulations. The relevant suppliers are 

required to provide information on their risk management 

plans in accordance with the Workplace Safety and Health 

Regulations 2006, including their track record in green 

projects and initiatives. On an annual basis, the Manager 

and Property Manager evaluate the performance of these 

suppliers based on the time and quality of delivery, response 

time to queries, compliance with contract term, tenant’s 

feedback and regulatory licence. Suppliers who achieve 

overall satisfactory performance and above will remain on 

the approved vendor list, while suppliers with unacceptable 

performance are removed from vendor list and prohibited 

from providing services in the future. Only approved vendors 

can be invited for quotation or tender processes.

APPROACH

The health, safety and security of tenants and visitors are is 

one of the main focus of ALOG’s long-term sustainability. The 

Manager actively upholds the maintenance and upkeep of the 

properties and responds swiftly to potential disruptions and 

challenges. As part of providing a safe workplace environment 

for its tenants and visitors, the Manager has installed 

Security Access control system (with access barriers and 

electromagnetic locks), closed-circuit televisions and deployed 

security guards at its properties.

As a key part of ALOG’s “safety first” mindset, regular safety 

inspections are carried out by the Property Manager at the 

properties to prevent accidents or related health issues. 

The Property Manager also appoints a licensed pest control 

company to carry out weekly mosquito and monthly pest 

control at all its multi-tenanted properties.

ALOG's properties comply with the Singapore Civil Defence 

Force ("SCDF") fire safety standards, with an Emergency 

Response Plan put in place. Licensed security officers assigned 

from security firms patrol the properties regularly. In addition, 

a designated Fire Safety Manager ("FSM") is appointed 

for each property. Based on SCDF guidelines, the FSM 

conducts two table-top exercises and two fire evacuation 

drills annually. A Fire Evacuation Drill report, including details 

on the evacuation procedures, list of participants, total time 

taken for the evacuation process and recommendations 

for improvements, is submitted to the Property Manager. 

The FSM also ensures that the fire-fighting system is well 

maintained and secured from tampering, while the properties' 

escape routes are clearly communicated to the tenants and 

are free of obstructions. 

Based on the Company Emergency Response Team ("CERT") 

Scheme, the Licensed security officers are certified CERT 

trained, alongside members from the Property Manager to be 

trained as first responders in preventing emergencies from 

escalating into a major disaster at the properties. In addition, 

information regarding safety procedures and house rules are 

TENANT AND VISITOR HEALTH, SAFETY AND SECURITY

provided to tenants via the Tenant Handbook, which contains 

a detailed guide on instructions and rules for fitout works at 

their premises.

Regular site inspections, as well as external safety audits, 

are conducted regularly on a rotational basis to assess 

the effectiveness of safety standards and procedures. The 

audits identify any building integrity issues and potential 

safety lapses. Findings from the audits are followed up 

diligently by the Property Manager. These include replacing 

the deteriorated light fixture and blurred mirror. ALOG 

also engages professional engineers to conduct Periodic 

Structural Inspection every 5 years as per BCA’s requirement. 

In addition, qualified professional consultants are appointed by 

the Manager during the acquisition process to determine the 

health and safety characteristics of the prospective property. 

The consultants perform checks on the building's architectural 

plans, mechanical and electrical systems, fire compliance and 

structural integrity tests to uncover any potential health and 

safety issues.





Figure 12: Fire Drill Exercises Conducted at the Properties 

SOCIAL

DELIVERING EXCEPTIONAL VALUE

17

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 9


GOAL &amp; PERFORMANCE

SOCIAL

DELIVERING EXCEPTIONAL VALUE

PERPETUAL TARGET

PERFORMANCE FOR FY2019

ZERO

validated cases of non-compliance 

with regulations and voluntary 

codes concerning health and 

safety across the properties.

To conduct annual emergency 

response drills in preparation for 

any potential natural disaster or a 

black-out at its properties

• 

A NEA fine was issued for mosquito breeding 

at Commodity Hub common area. The pest 

control contractor rectified the issue and 

bore the fine. 

• 

The Property Manager and pest control 

contractor will continue to conduct regular 

inspections to prevent such instances 

from recurring. The Property Manager 

also reviews pest control contractor’s 

performance every year.

ACHIEVED

Figure 13: Incidents Concerning Health and Safety for All Properties

Incidents concerning health and safety

FY2017

FY2018

FY2019

Non-compliance with regulations resulting in a fine or penalty

1

1

1

Non-compliance with regulations resulting in a warning

–

1

–

Non-compliance with voluntary codes

–

–

–

18

A R A  L O G O S  L o g i s t i c s  T r u s t


GOAL &amp; PERFORMANCE

PERPETUAL TARGET

PERFORMANCE FOR FY2019

ZERO

data breaches

ZERO

validated cases of non-compliance 

with the Personal Data Protection 

Act ("PDPA")

ACHIEVED

ACHIEVED

APPROACH

The ever-changing IT landscape and emerging cyber threats 

pose risks and vulnerabilities to stakeholders’ confidential data 

and information.  Any breakdown in IT controls can cause data 

breaches and result in significant legal and reputational costs 

to the organisation. The Manager has established IT controls 

and processes to safeguard the confidential information of 

stakeholders and specifically to comply with Singapore's 

Personal Data Protection Act.

Various IT controls are established to prevent, detect and 

respond to threats concerning data security and confidentiality 

SECURITY OF INFORMATION

at ALOG's properties. These controls include firewalls, server 

encryption and restricted access rights. In addition, the 

ARA Group has established an IT Disaster Recovery Plan  

("IT DRP") that serves to minimise the Manager's operational 

downtime and data loss, while ensuring a level of stability and 

orderly recovery. Briefings are held on a periodic basis to 

familiarise employees with the IT DRP procedures. Regular IT 

DRP exercises are carried out to simulate a disaster scenario 

where participants are relocated to an offsite centre with 

ready access to IT systems and restored database and files 

from the cloud backup.

SOCIAL

DELIVERING EXCEPTIONAL VALUE

19

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 9


SOCIAL

HUMAN CAPITAL

Human capital and development is a key part of ALOG’S 

growth strategy.  This is achieved by continuously engaging 

and developing all employees through five main strategic 

focuses as described below:

1. Talent Strategy &amp; Planning: Enhance internal talent 

bench strength to support business growth through 

talent development and retention.

2. Talent Acquisition: Hire the right talent and profile to 

grow with the organisation.

3. High Performance Culture: Build a high-performance 

culture that drives the individual and corporate to 

achieve superior results.

4. Employee Connectivity &amp; Engagement: Enhance employee 

connectivity and engagement through creating a family-

oriented culture within an MNC environment.

5. Business Driven: Align Human Resources (“HR”) 

framework with business needs and place it in the centre 

of business growth.

Figure 14: HR Strategy Framework

HR STRATEGY 

FRAMEWORK

Talent Strategy &amp; 

Planning

Develop Business 

Driven HR

Talent 

Acquisition

Build High 

Performance 

Culture

Build Employee 

Connectivity &amp; 

Engagement

20

A R A  L O G O S  L o g i s t i c s  T r u s t








FY2017

FY2017

FY2017

FY2018

FY2018

FY2018

EMPLOYEE PROFILE

The Manager, as guided by ARA’s HR practices , believes 

strongly in investing in its people and creating an inclusive, 

diverse and collaborative workplace. The Manager strives 

to be an employer of choice which focuses on employee 

wellness, talent development and occupational health and 

safety. The Manager has provided stable employment since 

its listing with no layoff through redundancy and its staff 

turnover rate is low despite the competitive nature of the 

fund management industry.

The Manager's team comprises 12 full-time, permanent 

employees (same number as 2018). The Manager has 

maintained a diverse workforce in terms of age and gender, 

where majority of the employees are within the 31 to 50 

years age group with good gender balance of male and 

female employees.

Figure 15: Employee Profile by Gender, Age, and Category

Percentage Composition of Total

Employees, by Gender

Percentage Composition of Total

Employees, by Age

Percentage Composition of Total

Employees, by Category

45%

42%

58%

55%

58%

42%

18%

9%

25%

55%

58%

42%

27%

33%

33%

 Male    

 Female

 Executive   

 Middle Manangement   

 Senior Management

 &lt;30 yrs   

 30 - 50 yrs   

 &gt;50 yrs

FY2019

FY2019

FY2019

18%

17%

25%

73%

75%

58%

9%

8%

17%

For more details on the Management 

and Property Management Team, please 

refer to Pages 20 to 23 in ARA LOGOS 

Logistics Trust's FY2019 Annual Report.

SOCIAL

HUMAN CAPITAL

21

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 9


Cohesion activities organised in FY2019

Tana River Life Foundation Mitumba Collection 2019

ARA Partnership with NTUC First Campus to Bring Over 750 

Pre-School Kids to the Zoo 









The Manager supports fair employment practices and 

abides by all applicable employment laws and regulations, 

such as the Employment Act and the Central Provident 

Fund Act in Singapore. The Manager has also signed a 

pledge with the Tripartite Alliance for Fair &amp; Progressive 

Employment Practices ("TAFEP") and embraces diversity 

by hiring talent from different backgrounds and provides 

equitable opportunities to its employees. All employees are 

provided with the Employee Handbook which details its 

human resource policies, employment terms, benefits and 

entitlements.

The Manager's employees, regardless of position, age 

and gender, are entitled to benefits such as life insurance, 

health care, disability and invalidity insurance coverage, 

compassionate leave, marriage leave, retirement provision 

EMPLOYEE WELL-BEING

and parental leave. Employees are also engaged in various 

activities ranging from social events (e.g. Chinese New Year, 

Bring your Child to Work Day, and Family Day), sports and 

fitness programmes (e.g. health screening, yoga and Zumba) 

to other enrichment activities (e.g. corporate training and 

stress relief lunch talks).

The Manager engages staff in Employee Satisfaction Surveys 

regularly. A Wellness Survey was previously conducted and 

a preference for flexi-work hours and more team building 

exercises were highlighted. As a result, ARA Group introduced 

flexible working hours arrangements and organised events 

for employees and their families to promote productivity, 

wellness, and a collaborative culture. Going forward, similar 

surveys will be conducted to gauge employees’ satisfaction 

and hear their suggestions.

GOAL &amp; PERFORMANCE

PERPETUAL TARGET

PERFORMANCE FOR FY2019

ZERO

validated cases of non-compliance 

with employment regulations or acts 

concerning employee rights

ACHIEVED

Some of the employee engagement activities organised in FY2019:

SOCIAL

HUMAN CAPITAL

22

A R A  L O G O S  L o g i s t i c s  T r u s t




TALENT DEVELOPMENT

APPROACH

The Manager believes that talent development and succession 

planning are crucial to ALOG’s long-term sustainability and 

adopts the ARA Performance and Career Development Policy. 

This policy details a well-structured employment category 

and grading system which provides career progression 

opportunities, job rotation and training.

Adopting an Open Appraisal System, the CEO and Heads of 

Department ("HODs") meet the employees for a face-to-

face discussion on their individual performance, areas of 

responsibilities and improvement. To promote a responsible 

culture, the Manager also integrates performance of the 

ESG targets in the remuneration package of the employees. 

A mid-year review session is conducted to provide feedback 

and guidance to employees. In addition, high performers are 

identified and groomed for potential leadership positions. The 

Manager believes in investing in learning and development 

initiatives to build a competent team that will drive the long-

term success of ALOG. The ARA Group's HR department works 

closely with the CEO and HODs to identify the learning needs 

of employees based on each individual's performance appraisal 

and the ARA Competency Framework of Self Mastery, People 

Skills, Strategic Alignment and Business Alignment.

The ARA Group HR department supports the Manager with 

suitable training programmes where employees are kept 

updated on their individual training needs and the relevant 

courses to attend. A bi-annual training newsletter is also 

circulated to all staff to keep them informed of the latest 

training trends and developments.

PERPETUAL TARGET

PERFORMANCE FOR FY2019

26 average training hours per 

employee annually, through 

implementation of an e-training 

module which allows employees to 

apply for courses and track their 

training progress.

Figure 16: Average Training Hours per Employee, by Gender and Category

In FY2019, the Manager surpassed its target with an average of 40.4 training hours per employee  

(FY2018: 45 hours) with slight decrease in average training hours for both gender categories  

as well as for most of employee categories. In addition, all employees received regular performance  

and development reviews in FY2019. 

Average Training Hours per Employee, 

by Gender

Average Training Hours per Employee, 

by Category



47

40

47

55

52

38

37

48

39

100

50

0

45

47

41

50

40

41

100

50

0

Average Training Hours

Average Training Hours

 Male    

 Female

 Executive   

 Middle Manangement   

 Senior Management

ACHIEVED

FY2017

FY2017

FY2018

FY2018

FY2019

FY2019

GOAL &amp; PERFORMANCE

SOCIAL

HUMAN CAPITAL

23

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 9


ACHIEVED

APPROACH

The Manager values the health, safety and well-being 

of its employees as positive morale and job satisfaction 

contribute directly to productivity. In line with the Tenant 

and Visitor Health, Safety and Security initiatives mentioned, 

the Manager actively promotes a safety culture with no 

tolerance for injuries at the workplace. The Manager is 

committed to providing a healthy and safe environment 

for its employees and seeks to ensure that operations 

comply with the relevant Occupational Health and Safety 

regulations. Fire drills and evacuation exercises relating 

to safety principles, fire hazard, preventive gears and exit 

routes to raise employee awareness and preparedness 

are conducted regularly. Regular safety inspections are 

also carried out at the workplace for a safe environment. 

In addition, the Manager works with the ARA Group HR 

department to organise employee wellness and engagement 

programs such as subsidised gym memberships, annual 

health screenings and luncheons on health-related topics 

such as stress management and healthy eating. These 

initiatives are outlined in Figure 17 below.

PERPETUAL TARGET

PERFORMANCE FOR FY2019

Figure 17: Initiatives and Actions for Occupational Health and Safety:

Figure 18: Absentee Days and Rates for Employee by Gender

The Manager has a long-standing record of zero fatalities, injuries, occupational diseases and lost days achieved 

over the last four years for its employees and property management staff. The overall absentee rate of FY2019  

is 1.66%, a slight increase from 1.15% in FY2018.

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

FIRE DRILLS AND

EVACUATION EXERCISES

are conducted with special 

attention to safety principles, fire

hazards, preventive gears and 

exit routes to raise employee 

awareness and preparedness 

levels.

REGULAR SAFETY

INSPECTIONS 

are carried out at the workplace 

to facilitate its smooth operations 

and to ensure a safe environment 

is created for everyone.

EMPLOYEE WELLNESS AND

ENGAGEMENT PROGRAMS

such as subsidised gym 

memberships, annual health 

screenings and luncheons on 

health-related topics (e.g. stress 

management, healthy eating), are 

organised.

ZERO

cases of serious 

work-related injuries.

Absentee Days

FY2017

FY2018

FY2019

Male

Female

Total

Male

Female

Total

Male

Female

Total

Total No. of scheduled 

working days

1,560

1,300

2,860

1,820

1,300

3,120

1,305

1,827

3,132

Total days of absence

21.5

14.5

36

21

15

36

17

35

52

Absentee Rate

1.38%

1.12%

1.26%

1.15%

1.15%

1.15%

1.30%

1.92%

1.66%

SOCIAL

HUMAN CAPITAL

GOAL &amp; PERFORMANCE

24

A R A  L O G O S  L o g i s t i c s  T r u s t


ENVIRONMENT 

CONSERVING THE ENVIRONMENT

Environmental sustainability is an integral part of ALOG’s 

vision to provide customers with high quality and best-in-class 

logistics real estate solutions. The Manager aligns with the 

ARA Group's Environmental Policy to formulate and implement 

ALOG’s environmental sustainability strategy. Buildings with 

high sustainability performance have lower environmental 

impact and are more cost-efficient to operate in the long term. 

As ALOG continually improve the environmental performance 

of buildings in its portfolio, greater value is generated for the 

tenants while conserving the environment.

The Manager has considered water and waste management 

as potential sustainability matters during the materiality 

ENERGY CONSUMPTION AND CARBON FOOTPRINT

APPROACH

The Manager actively seeks to improve the energy efficiency 

of the properties to reduce carbon footprint and utilities 

costs. While the Manager and Property Manager do not have 

operational control over tenants' electricity consumption, 

efforts have been directed towards raising environmental 

awareness and educating the tenants about energy saving. 

Some of these practices are detailed below in Figure 19.

Figure 19: ALOG's Initiatives and Actions for Energy and Emission Management

Dialogues and discussions 

with tenants to highlight 

key benefits of reduced and 

responsible energy usage

Equipping properties' fixtures 

with efficient technology, including 

retrofitting of energy-saving LED 

lighting and low emissivity 

window glass

Utilising occupancy sensors that 

will turn off non-essential or idle 

facilities, including lighting, 

elevators, etc.

Partnered with Sembcorp to 

install solar panel arrays with 

8.0 megawatt (MW) peak 

capacity on building rooftops

Utilising historical usage data 

analysis to monitor its properties' 

energy usage

Minimising reliance on equipment 

with heavy energy consumption 

and shifting towards energy 

efficient designs

assessment. However, due to the nature of logistics 

properties and the limited use of water by the majority of 

tenants in its portfolio, the Manager believes that there is 

currently no significant environmental impact from water and 

waste management. Nevertheless, the Manager will continue 

to monitor these aspects and amend future reporting as and 

when deemed necessary.

In this report, we communicate ALOG’s environmental 

performance through data disclosure and narratives on 

consumption trends and fluctuations. 

In addition, the Manager encourages environmental practices 

among tenants and suppliers by including environmental 

issues in business discussions and initiatives. Employees are 

also educated, trained and motivated to carry out tasks in 

an environmentally responsible manner. Examples include 

reminders to tenants and employees to turn off all lights and 

electrical devices when not in use.

25

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 9


ENVIRONMENT 

CONSERVING THE ENVIRONMENT

3  

Average annual consumption of a four-room HDB household is based on EMA's 2018 Singapore Energy Statistics.

4  

CO2 emissions avoided is calculated based on EMA’s latest grid emission factor.



The agreement with Sembcorp, a global integrated energy 

player and solar power company, covers the installation and 

operation of rooftop solar farms at three of ALOG's logistics 

warehouses in Singapore.

Under the arrangement, Sembcorp installed over 21,000 

rooftop solar panels in 2019, with a combined capacity of 

approximately 8.0 MW peak, atop Commodity Hub, Pandan 

Logistics Hub and Cache Changi DistriCentre 1. These panels 

are owned and operated by Sembcorp, providing renewable 

energy and thus lowering the carbon footprint of ALOG's 

properties. Since completion, Commodity Hub has been 

housing one of Singapore's largest rooftop solar facilities to 

date, with approximately 6.3 MW in peak capacity. The system 

is expected to produce over 10,000 MWh of power annually 

or enough renewable energy to power more than 2,000 

four-room HDB flats in a single year3. The project, a model for 

massive use of under-utilised rooftop space for generation 

of solar power, significantly reduces carbon emissions by 

over four million kilogrammes a year4. Emissions avoided are 

equivalent to almost 900 cars being removed from the road 

for a year or the planting of more than 50,000 trees.

The solar panels were fully installed in mid-2019 and generated 

5,683 MWh in FY2019.  

GOAL &amp; PERFORMANCE

TARGET BY FY2023

PERFORMANCE FOR FY2019

To reduce carbon emission intensity 

by 3% for multi-tenanted buildings in 

Singapore and increase annual green 

energy consumption to at least 1.5 

million kWh by FY2023 (using the 

FY2018 multi-tenanted buildings 

portfolio emissions as the baseline).

ON TRACK

As part of the Manager’s strategy to achieve this carbon 

reduction target, ALOG signed a solar power agreement with 

Sembcorp Industries ("Sembcorp") for a rooftop solar power 

project which was announced on 2 January 2019.

26

A R A  L O G O S  L o g i s t i c s  T r u s t






PERFORMANCE

In FY2019, the Manager complied with all relevant 

environmental standards. The environmental scope for this 

sustainability report includes the reported building energy 

consumption in common and tenants’ leased areas. This 

approach was maintained for the data reported in ALOG’s 

report.

In the reporting period from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 

2019, ALOG's total energy consumption and energy intensity 

was 49.8 GWh and 12.1 kWh/sq. ft.5 respectively. 

ALOG’s electricity consumption increased by 5.3% from  

47.3 GWh in 2018 to 49.8 GWh in 2019. This increase in 

electricity consumption was mainly due to the inclusion of 

Commodity Hub on a full year basis since it was converted 

from a master tenant lease to a multi-tenant lease in April 

2018. Covering approximately 2.3 million square feet of GFA, 

Commodity Hub is one of the largest warehouses in Singapore 

and Southeast Asia. This expansion of temporal data coverage 

from 8.5 months in 2018 to full year in 2019 has naturally 

increased total electricity consumption. ALOG’s total energy 

intensity decreased from 13.26 kWh/sq. ft. in 2018 to 12.1 kWh/

sq. ft. in 2019, mainly due to increased weightage of Commodity 

Hub in the portfolio energy consumption data (as result of  

full-year data) and lower energy intensity in Commodity Hub 

in 2019. As a partially air-conditioned warehouse, Commodity 

Hub is a lower energy intensity asset compared to some 

of ALOG’s assets with higher usage of air conditioning (i.e. 

Cache Changi DistriCentre 1), chiller and freezer (i.e. Cache 

Cold Centre). Commodity Hub energy intensity was further 

reduced in FY2019 due to low energy consumption during the 

fit-out period for several new leases in 2019.

The reduction in total energy intensity was partially offset by 

increase in energy consumption and intensity in other buildings 

such as Cache Cold Centre, Cache Changi DistriCentre 2 and 

Pandan Logistics Hub due to changes in tenanted space.

Similarly in 2019, Scope 2 indirect GHG emissions increased 

slightly from 19.8 kilotonnes of CO2 to 20.4 kilotonnes of CO2, 

but GHG intensity decreased by 10.3% from 5.52 kg CO2/sq. 

ft to 4.95 kg CO2/sq. ft. As above, this has been mostly due 

to the inclusion of Commodity Hub, a low-energy intensity 

building, in ALOG’s portfolio environmental data on a full year 

basis, and the use of renewable energy from solar. There is no 

Scope 1 direct GHG emission for ALOG. 

In FY2019, ALOG utilised 1,136 MWh of solar energy as a 

form of green energy consumption, equivalent to a saving 

of 475,757kg of carbon emissions which approximates 267 

typical 4-room HDB flats for one year.

Figure 20: Electrical Energy Consumption &amp; Intensity and Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions &amp; Intensity 

from FY2017 to FY2019

Multi-Tenanted Assets Energy Consumption

50.0 –

45.0 –

40.0 –

35.0 –

30.0 –

25.0 –

20.0 –

15.0 –

10.0 –

5.0 –

0.0 –

18.0 –

16.0 –

14.0 –

12.0 –

10.0 –

8.0 –

6.0 –

4.0 –

2.0 –

0.0 –

 Energy Consumption(GWh)   

 Energy Intensity kWh/sq.ft

Energy Consumption (GWh)

Energy Intensity (kWh/sq.ft.)

17.1

13.2

12.1

49.8

47.3

39.3

FY2018

FY2017

FY2019

Multi-Tenanted Assets Indirect GHG Emissions 

(Scope 2)

  GHG Emission (Kilotonnes CO2) 

 CO2 Emission Intensity (kgCO2/sq.ft.)

FY2018

FY2017

FY2019

GHG Emission (thousand tonnes of CO2)

Emission Intensity (kgCO2/sq.ft.)

20.0

15.0

10.0

5.0

0.0

8.0

7.0

6.0

5.0

4.0

3.0

2.0

1.0

0.0

5.5

5.0

16.5

7.2

19.8

20.4

5  

Includes consumption for Cache Gul LogisCentre from April to December 2019 (conversion to multi-tenancy in April 2019).

6  

Intensity figures are now calculated using the pro-rated average of common and tenanted floor area for the properties with less than 12-month electricity 

consumption data, instead of the previously used total common and tenanted floor area. The objective of this change in calculation will enhance the accuracy 

of tracking energy consumption in ALOG’s properties. As such, intensity figures in 2018 have been restated. 

Although the target set of 3% reduction in carbon emission 

intensity for multi-tenanted buildings in Singapore from 

FY2018 baseline has been achieved, the Manager will continue 

monitoring the performance and review the target next 

year. In consuming 1.1 million kWh of solar energy in FY2019,  

ALOG is also on track in achieving the target of at least 

1.5 million kWh green energy consumption by FY2023. 

Nevertheless, ALOG will continue to work with tenants to 

enhance energy efficiencies, in view of their business needs 

and usage. 

ENVIRONMENT 

CONSERVING THE ENVIRONMENT

27

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 9


METHODOLOGICAL

REVIEW

This section explains the key definitions and methodologies 

applied for ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust's sustainability 

report. These are adapted in the context of the GRI 

Standards Glossary and the Reporting Requirements, 

SOCIAL

Employee

Employees are defined as individuals who are in an 

employment relationship with the Manager.

New hires and turnover

Employee movement within each financial year is 

recorded and presented as at year-end headcount.

New hires are defined as new employees that have 

joined the Manager during the year.

Turnover is defined as all employees that have 

left the Manager voluntarily, or due to dismissal, 

retirement or death in service during the year.

Training hours

Average training hours per employee is the total 

number of training hours provided to employees, 

relative to the total number of employees, during 

the year.

Average training hours per female/male employee 

is the total number of training hours provided 

to female/male employees, relative to the total 

number of female/male employees, during the year.

Average training hours per employee category is 

the total number of training hours provided to each 

category of employees, relative to the total number 

of employees in the category, during the year.

Absentee days and absentee rate

Absentee days are measured in terms of the 

number of business days. An absentee day occurs 

when the employee is absent from work because 

of any incapacity, not just as a result of work-

related injury or disease. It excludes permitted 

leave absences such as holidays, study, parental 

and compassionate leave. Absentee rate is total 

absentee days lost, relative to the number of total 

days scheduled to be worked by all employees in 

the reporting period, expressed as a percentage.

ENVIRONMENT

Consolidation approach

The operational approach, as outlined in the GHG 

Protocol Corporate Standard, is used to determine 

organisational boundaries for ARA LOGOS Logistics 

Trust's environmental reporting.

Energy consumption within the organisation 

Purchased electricity is a significant form of energy 

that ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust's properties 

consumes and it is expressed in gigawatt hours 

(symbol: GWh).

Energy intensity

The ratio of energy consumed relative to total 

occupied area (including common floor area) in 

square feet (symbol: kWh/sq. ft.)

GHG emissions

This report discloses indirect Scope 2 GHG 

emissions for ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust 

properties.

Scope 2 GHG emissions are emissions that result 

from the generation of purchased or acquired 

electricity, heating, cooling, and steam consumed by 

the organisation. In the scope of reporting, this only 

relates to purchased electricity and is expressed in 

kilotonnes of CO2. With the adoption of on-site solar 

energy in our operations, we used both location- 

and market-based methods to calculate FY2019 

Scope 2 GHG emissions. The location-based 

method reflects the GHG emissions of the grids on 

which energy consumption occurs, whereas the 

market-based method accounts for the amount 

of solar energy we consumed through contractual 

agreements with SembCorp. In Singapore, the 

emission factor used for GHG emissions in FY2018 

and FY2019 is the grid emission factors for 2018 

which is the latest estimate, obtained from "2019 

Singapore Energy Statistics" published by the 

Energy Market Authority of Singapore in 2019, and 

the emission factors used for GHG emissions in 

FY2017 and FY2018 are based on the respective 

grid emissions for these years in the same 

publication.

GHG emissions intensity

This is the ratio of GHG emissions relative to total 

occupied area (including common floor area) in 

square feet (symbol: kgCO2/sq. ft.) 

Recommendations and Guidance set out in the respective 

disclosures and various authoritative intergovernmental 

instruments.

28

A R A  L O G O S  L o g i s t i c s  T r u s t


GRI CONTENT

INDEX

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Reference

Description

Report Section

Page 

Number

GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016

Organisational Profile

102-1

Name of the organisation

About ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust

Pg. 2

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and 

services

About ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust

Pg. 2

102-3

Location of headquarters

The address of the REIT Manager is as follows:

ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust Management 

Limited

5 Temasek Boulevard, #12-01

Suntec Tower Five, Singapore 038985

Tel: (65) 6835 9232

Fax: (65) 6835 9672

Pg. 2

102-4

Location of operations

About ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust

Pg. 2

102-5

Ownership and legal form

About ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust

Pg. 2

102-6

Markets served

About ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust

Pg. 2

102-7

Scale of the organisation

About ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust

Pg. 2

102-8

Information on employees

Human Capital

Pg. 21

102-9

Supply chain

Quality of Suppliers

Pg. 17

102-10

Significant changes to the 

organisation and its supply chain

There were no significant changes in the 

financial year 2019.

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

Risk Management

Pg. 15

102-12

External initiatives

None

102-13

Membership of associations

Stakeholder Engagement

Pg. 7

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-

maker

Board Statement

Pg. 3

Ethics and Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and 

norms of behaviour

Vision, Mission and Values

Pg. 2

Governance

102-18

Governance Structure

Refer to Corporate Governance report in the 

FY2019 Annual Report

Pg. 11

Responsibility for Sustainability Governance

102-22

Composition of the highest 

governance body and its 

committees

Refer to Corporate Governance report in the 

FY2019 Annual Report

102-23

Chair of the highest governance 

body

Refer to Corporate Governance report in the 

FY2019 Annual Report

102-24

Nominating and selecting the 

highest governance body

Refer to Corporate Governance report in the 

FY2019 Annual Report

102-25

Conflicts of interest

Refer to Corporate Governance report in the 

FY2019 Annual Report

102-29

Identifying and managing economic, 

environmental, and social impacts

Materiality Assessment

Pg. 8-9

102-32

Highest governance body's role in 

sustainability reporting

Board Statement

Pg. 3

Responsibility for Sustainability Governance

Pg. 11

29

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 9


GRI CONTENT

INDEX

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Reference

Description

Report Section

Page 

Number

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder Engagement

Pg. 6-7

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Due to the Manager's small number of 

employees a collective bargaining agreement is 

not feasible.

102-42

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders

Materiality Assessment

Pg. 8

102-43

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement

Stakeholder Engagement

Pg. 6-7

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder Engagement

Pg. 6-7

Reporting Practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements

Please refer to Pg 107 - 111 of ALOG's FY2019 

Annual Report. 

Pg 4-5

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries

Materiality Assessment

Pg. 8-9

102-47

List of material topics

Materiality Assessment

Pg. 8-9

102-48

Restatement of information

In FY 2019, following restatement of 

information were made:

1. Total energy intensity in Portfolio (i.e. 

previously disclosed in FY2018 report 

as 10.9kWh/sq. ft. in 2018 restated 

as 13.2kWh/sq. ft.) due to a revision in 

computation.

Pg. 27

102-49

Changes in reporting

This year, we changed the boundaries for 

employment and training and education topics 

to cover employees of the Manager only. We 

excluded employees of the Property Manager 

as they are not considered employees of ALOG. 

This is aligned with common practices in the 

REIT sector.

102-50

Reporting period

About This Report

Pg. 4

102-51

Date of most recent report

ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust's second 

Sustainability Report for FY2018 was published 

in May 2019.

102-52

Reporting cycle

ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust publishes 

sustainability reports on an annual cycle.

102-53

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report

About This Report

Pg. 4

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance 

with the GRI Standards

About This Report

Pg. 4

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index – Core Option

Pg. 29-34

102-56

External assurance

About This Report

Pg. 4

30

A R A  L O G O S  L o g i s t i c s  T r u s t


GRI CONTENT

INDEX

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Reference

Description

Report Section

Page 

Number

Anti-corruption

GRI 103: Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Materiality Assessment

Pg. 8-9

103-2

Management approach and its 

components

Upholding Strong Governance

Pg. 11-15

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Upholding Strong Governance

Pg. 11-15

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption 

and actions taken

Ethical Business Conduct

Pg. 15

Energy

GRI 103: Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Materiality Assessment

Pg. 8-9

103-2

Management approach and its 

components

Conserving the Environment

Pg. 25-27

Upholding Strong Governance

Pg. 13

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Conserving the Environment

Pg. 25-27

GRI 302: Energy 2016

302-1

Energy consumption within the 

organisation

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint

Pg. 25-27

302-3

Energy Intensity

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint

Pg. 25-27

GRI Sector Disclosures: Construction and Real Estate

CRE 1

Building energy intensity

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint

Pg. 25-27

Emissions

GRI 103: Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Materiality Assessment

Pg. 8-9

103-2

Management approach and its 

components

Conserving the Environment

Pg. 25-27

Upholding Strong Governance

Pg. 13

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Conserving the Environment

Pg. 25-27

GRI 305: Emissions 2016

305-2

Energy indirect greenhouse gas 

(GHG) emissions (scope 2)

“Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint” 

section reports on market-based emissions.

Total scope 2 GHG emissions calculated by 

location-based method is 20.9 kilotonnes of 

CO2 in FY2019.

Pg. 27

GRI Sector Disclosures: Construction and Real Estate

CRE 3

Greenhouse gas emissions intensity 

from buildings

“Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint” 

section reports on market-based emission 

intensities.

Scope 2 GHG emission intensity calculated by 

location-based method is 5.07 kg CO2/sq. ft in 

FY2019.

Pg. 27

31

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 9


GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Reference

Description

Report Section

Page 

Number

Environmental Compliance

GRI 103: Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Materiality Assessment

Pg. 8-9

103-2

Management approach and its 

components

Upholding Strong Governance

Pg. 11-15

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Upholding Strong Governance

Pg. 11-15

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 2016

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations

Regulatory Compliance

Pg. 14

Employment

GRI 103: Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Materiality Assessment

Pg. 8-9

103-2

Management approach and its 

components

Occupational Health and Safety

Pg. 24

Upholding Strong Governance

Pg. 13

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Occupational Health and Safety

Pg. 24

GRI 401: Employment 2016

401-1

New employee hires and employee 

turnover

Employee Profile

Pg. 21

401-2

Benefits provided to full-time 

employees that are not provided to 

temporary or part-time employees

Employee Well-being

Pg. 22

Occupational Health and Safety

GRI 103: Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Materiality Assessment

Pg. 8-9

103-2

Management approach and its 

components

Occupational Health and Safety

Pg. 24

Upholding Strong Governance

Pg. 13

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Occupational Health and Safety

Pg. 24

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2016

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of work- 

related fatalities

Occupational Health and Safety

Pg. 24

GRI CONTENT

INDEX

32

A R A  L O G O S  L o g i s t i c s  T r u s t


GRI CONTENT

INDEX

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Reference

Description

Report Section

Page 

Number

Training and Education

GRI 103: Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Materiality Assessment

Pg. 8-9

103-2

Management approach and its 

components

Talent Development

Pg. 23

Upholding Strong Governance

Pg. 13

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Talent Development

Pg. 23

GRI 404: Training and Education 2016

404-1

Average hours of training per year 

per employee

Talent Development

Pg. 23

404-3

Percentage of employees receiving 

regular performance and career 

development reviews

Talent Development

Pg. 23

Customer Health and Safety

GRI 103: Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Materiality Assessment

Pg. 8-9

103-2

Management approach and its 

components

Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety and Security

Pg. 17-18

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety and Security

Pg. 17-18

GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 2016

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning the health and safety 

impacts of products and services

Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety and Security

Pg. 18

Customer Privacy

GRI 103: Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Materiality Assessment

Pg. 8-9

103-2

Management approach and its 

components

Security of Information

Pg. 19

Upholding Strong Governance

Pg. 12

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Security of Information

Pg. 19

GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016

418-1

Substantiated complaints 

concerning breaches of customer 

privacy and losses of customer data

Security of Information

Pg. 19

33

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 9


GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Reference

Description

Report Section

Page 

Number

Socioeconomic Compliance

GRI 103: Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Materiality Assessment

Pg. 8-9

103-2

Management approach and its 

components

Upholding Strong Governance

Pg. 11-15

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Upholding Strong Governance

Pg. 11-15

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 2016

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and 

economic area

Regulatory Compliance

Pg. 14

GRI CONTENT

INDEX

34

A R A  L O G O S  L o g i s t i c s  T r u s t


MANAGED BY

ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust Management Limited

5 Temasek Boulevard, #12-01

Suntec Tower Five, Singapore 038985

Tel: (65) 6835 9232

Fax: (65) 6835 9672

www.aralogos-reit.com

