
SUSTAINABILITY

REPORT









A US HOSPITALITY TRUST

A R A  U S  H O S P I T A L I T Y  T R U S T 

2020




CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION 

1

About ARA US Hospitality Trust 

1

Singapore Based-Sponsor 

1

Board Statement 

2

Reporting Framework 

2

Reporting Scope and Period 

2

Independent Assurance 

2

Feedback 

2

SUSTAINABILITY AT ARA H-TRUST 

3

Stakeholder Engagement 

3

Materiality Assessment 

5

ARA H-TRUST FY2020 SNAPSHOT 

7

STRONG GOVERNANCE 

8

Risk Management 

9

Ethics and Integrity 

10

Regulatory Compliance 

10

DELIVERING EXCEPTIONAL VALUE 

11

Supply Chain Management 

11

Customer Health and Safety 

12

HUMAN CAPITAL 

13

Workforce Management 

13

Talent Management and Development 

15

Occupational Health and Safety 

16

ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT 

19

Energy Consumption and Energy Intensity 

20

METHODOLOGICAL REVIEW 

22

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

25


ABOUT ARA US HOSPITALITY TRUST 

Listed on the Singapore Exchange on 9 May 2019, ARA US 

Hospitality Trust (“ARA H-Trust”) is a hospitality stapled group 

comprising ARA US Hospitality Property Trust (“ARA H-REIT”) 

and ARA US Hospitality Management Trust (“ARA H-BT”). ARA 

H-Trust invests in income-producing real estate assets used 

primarily for hospitality and/or hospitality-related purposes 

located in the United States (“U.S.”) and its portfolio currently 

comprises 41 upscale select-service hotels with a total of 

5,340 rooms across 22 states in the U.S. 39 out of the 41 

hotels have freehold land titles. 

ARA H-Trust is managed by ARA Trust Management (USH) Pte. 

Ltd. (“REIT Manager”) and ARA Business Trust Management 

(USH) Pte. Ltd. (“Trustee-Manager”) (collectively known as the 

“Managers”). The Managers are wholly-owned subsidiaries of 

ARA Asset Management Limited (“ARA” or “ARA Group”).  

For the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”), 

ARA H-Trust reported a gross revenue of US$78.2 million and 

had a market capitalization of US$249.6 million. 





Hyatt House Shelton

SINGAPORE BASED-SPONSOR 

The Sponsor, ARA Real Estate Investors 23 Pte. Ltd., is an 

indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of ARA, the largest real 

assets manager in Asia Pacific with approximately US$95 

billion1 in gross assets under management by the Group and its 

associates as at 30 June 2021. 

ARA operates a global platform with a focus on Asia Pacific, 

managing public and private investment funds that invest 

across traditional and New Economy real estate assets spanning 

office, logistics, retail, residential, hospitality, and data centers, 

as well as private real estate credit and infrastructure. ARA’s 

vertically integrated business includes development and value-

add asset management capabilities, an in-house capital raising 

team, and property management expertise in local markets 

where ARA invests and manages assets. With a resolute focus 

on creating sustainable value, ARA manages funds on behalf 

of many of the world’s largest pension funds, sovereign wealth 

funds and financial institutions.

Note

1  

For details, please refer to www.ara-group.com/about-ara/overview.

Sustainability Report FY2020

1

INTRODUCTION


BOARD STATEMENT

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) is pleased to present ARA 

H-Trust’s inaugural Sustainability Report for FY2020, disclosing 

its environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) performance 

and progress towards first-rate sustainable management of 

its hotels. ARA H-Trust is committed to driving a sustainable 

business by contributing to the social and environmental well-

being of its stakeholders, whilst focusing on its mission to deliver 

sustainable and stable returns to its stapled securityholders. 

To achieve this mission, ARA H-Trust considers sustainability 

issues as part of its strategic formulation and sets the strategic 

direction in ensuring good corporate governance, prudent 

financial management, robust health and safety practices, fair 

employment and efficient use of resources. 

The Board has approved the material ESG matters and 

determined them to be relevant for the current year. These 

material factors are monitored and managed by the executives 

of the Managers under the Board’s supervision and oversight. 

ARA H-Trust’s sustainability-related policies, practices and 

performance are detailed in this report, which are interrelated 

to its overall performance from the financial, socioeconomic 

and environmental perspectives.

REPORTING FRAMEWORK

This report has been prepared in accordance with the Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards - Core option. The GRI 

Standards were selected as it is an internationally recognized 

reporting framework that covers a comprehensive range 

of sustainability disclosures and is suited to ARA H-Trust’s 

industry and business model. Reference has also been drawn 

from the Sustainability Reporting Guide of the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited’s (“SGX-ST”) Practice 

Note 7.6 in meeting the primary components as set out in the 

SGX-ST Mainboard Listing Rule 711A and 711B of the Listing 

Manual of the SGX-ST, where applicable.

Please refer to the GRI Content Index attached at the end of 

this report for more information.

REPORTING SCOPE AND PERIOD 

The reporting period covered in this report is from 1 January 

2020 to 31 December 2020, with the relevant prior year 

data as comparison, where applicable. For socioeconomic 

and governance performance, this report covers primarily 

employees of the Managers. For environmental performance, 

ARA H-Trust uses the operational control approach, as 

outlined in the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Standard 

(“GHG Protocol Corporate Standard”) to consolidate the 

environmental performance data from all 41 wholly-owned 

properties2 of its portfolio (including the 3 Marriott hotels 

acquired on 17 January 2020). 

ARA H-Trust’s portfolio of hotels is branded under two of the 

world’s largest premier international hotel chains, Hyatt Hotels 

Corporation and Marriott International (“the Brand Partners”). 

ARA US Hospitality Management, Inc. (the “ARA Hotel 

Manager”) has the overall responsibility of the management 

and operation of the hotels. In turn, the ARA Hotel Manager 

outsources the day-to-day management of the hotels to third-

party hotel managers (the “Hotel Managers” – Aimbridge 

Hospitality and Concord Hospitality) and oversees these  

Hotel Managers.

INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE 

The Managers have not sought external assurance for this 

report. However, the Managers may seek full assurance for 

future sustainability reports as its reporting matures over time. 

FEEDBACK 

The Managers value all feedback from stakeholders as they 

are integral to ARA H-Trust’s sustainability reporting process. 

Please send any comments and suggestions to the Investor 

Relations Manager at ruyanlow@ara-group.com.

Note

2 

For more details on ARA H-Trust’s property portfolio, please refer to pages 36 to 56 of ARA H-Trust’s Annual Report 2020 (the "Annual Report").

2

ARA US HOSPITALITY TRUST

INTRODUCTION


SUSTAINABILITY AT ARA H-TRUST

ARA H-Trust’s success is dependent on the support and 

contributions of its stakeholders, which include customers and 

guests, investors, employees, partnered brands, government 

agencies and industry organizations. Integral to building lasting 

relationships with stakeholders, the Managers communicate 

and respond to their feedback effectively through frequent 

communication via various engagement platforms. These 

stakeholder engagements identify the relevant ESG matters 

to facilitate continuous improvement to the Managers’ 

operations.

The approach towards stakeholder engagement is illustrated in the table below. 

Stakeholder group

Engagement  

methods

Engagement 

frequency

Key topics raised

ARA H-Trust’s responses 

in FY2020

Customers and 

Guests

Bilateral 

communications

Throughout the year

• Customer 

satisfaction;

• Quality of facilities 

and services; and

• Customer health 

and safety

Guest feedback and 

satisfaction surveys were 

regularly conducted at 

the hotels. Deep cleaning 

and sanitization were 

performed at the hotels 

during the onset of the 

COVID-19 pandemic to 

ensure customer health 

and safety. 

Guest satisfaction 

surveys and feedback

Throughout the year

Employees

Training, including 

courses, seminars, 

webinars and 

orientation for new 

employees

Throughout the year

• Good employee 

welfare and working 

environment;

• Skills development 

and training;

• Good corporate 

governance;

• Opportunities for 

career development 

and progression; 

and

• Workplace health 

and safety

The Managers help its 

employees develop their 

careers through regular 

performance appraisals 

and training programmes.

The Managers remain 

committed to good 

governance and fair 

employment practices 

and communicate the 

efforts through internal 

newsletters. 

Welfare care packs which 

included a thermometer 

and hand sanitizers were 

given to employees 

at the onset of the 

pandemic.

Employee feedback 

and employee 

satisfaction survey

Annually

Team bonding 

activities

Ad hoc

Internal 

communications 

via emails, intranet, 

newsletters and 

townhall meetings

Throughout the year

Performance 

appraisals

Annually

Since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Managers 

continued to engage key stakeholders despite the challenges 

posed for in-person meetings. The Managers conducted 

additional meetings with stakeholders through virtual platforms 

to provide updates on the overall performance and outlook 

of the business, including its ESG performance. Through such 

means, ARA H-Trust seeks to protect the health and safety of 

its stakeholders whilst delivering updates at the same time.

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

Sustainability Report FY2020

3


Stakeholder group

Engagement  

methods

Engagement 

frequency

Key topics raised

ARA H-Trust’s responses 

in FY2020

Government 

Agencies 

and Industry 

Organizations

Briefings, discussions 

and consultations with 

relevant authorities

Throughout the year

• Compliance 

with rules and 

regulations;

• Effective corporate 

governance; and

• Keeping abreast 

with regulatory and 

industry updates 

and trends

The Managers hold 

regular discussions with 

regulators and authorities 

such as Monetary 

Authority of Singapore 

(“MAS”) and Singapore 

Exchange (“SGX”) to 

comply with regulations 

and keep abreast of 

updates. 

Participation in 

relevant industry 

associations, forums 

and dialogues

Throughout the year

Regulatory filings

Throughout the year

Hotel Managers

Monthly performance 

reviews and meetings

Throughout the year

• Asset management 

and 

asset enhancement 

initiatives;

• Business 

opportunities;

• Property 

maintenance 

programs; and

• ESG practices

The Managers hold 

regular meetings and 

calls with the Hotel 

Managers to discuss 

on performances and 

initiatives. 

Site inspections 

of properties and 

discussions on areas 

for improvement

Throughout the year

Reviews of asset 

enhancement and 

capital expenditure

Monthly

Investors

Half-yearly financial 

reporting and interim 

business updates

Quarterly

• Performance of 

assets;

• Business strategy 

and outlook;

• Net asset value 

growth;

• Sustainable returns;

• Timely and 

transparent 

reporting; and

• Good corporate 

governance

ARA H-Trust publishes 

quarterly business and 

operational updates, 

half-yearly financial 

announcements and 

year-end audited 

financial statements 

and annual reports to 

inform the investors on 

its business performance. 

These reports and 

announcements can be 

found on ARA H-Trust’s 

corporate website.

Post-results analyst 

and investor briefings

Quarterly

Annual general 

meetings 

Annually

Publications, including 

Annual Report and 

Sustainability Report 

Annually

Direct email 

and phone 

correspondences 

through a dedicated 

investor relations 

contact

Throughout the year

Corporate website

Throughout the year

Investor conferences 

and roadshows

Ad hoc

Partnered Brands

Owner orientation 

and brand standards 

training

Ad hoc

• Maintaining 

brand and service 

standards; and

• Optimizing hotel 

performance and 

revenue

The Managers hold 

regular meeting with the 

hotel brands’ corporate 

management team to 

discuss on updates to the 

brands’ standards and 

performance. 

Owner dialogues and 

forums

Throughout the year

Brand audits

Annually

SUSTAINABILITY AT ARA H-TRUST

4

ARA US HOSPITALITY TRUST


Material sustainability topics are defined as ESG-related 

matters 

that 

can 

significantly 

impact 

the 

business 

performance of ARA H-Trust, and substantially influence the  

decision-making process of key stakeholders. In determining 

the material topics, the Managers consider the potential risks 

of ARA H-Trust’s business activities in relation to social and 

environmental needs and the economic factors impacting the 

hospitality industry.

In FY2020, the material topics were assessed based 

on inputs from both internal and external stakeholders 

through stakeholder engagement surveys and management 

discussions. The Managers adopt a robust four-step Materiality  

Assessment process as illustrated below: 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

Supported by an external Sustainability Consultant, the 

Managers conducted a benchmarking exercise against 

the disclosures of peer companies within the industry 

and ARA Group, as well as taking into consideration 

the ESG best practices, to determine the most relevant 

and significant material topics to ARA H-Trust. The peer 

companies selected for inclusion in the benchmarking 

exercise are those listed on the SGX and whose 

business operations are relevant to that of ARA H-Trust.

1 Identification



A working session was held to shortlist the ESG 

topics most relevant to ARA H-Trust’s business. The 

shortlisted topics were ranked by ARA H-Trust’s internal 

and external stakeholders based on the following set 

of criteria: 

• Significance to ARA H-Trust’s business operations;

• Impact on the continuity of the business; and

• Importance to and influence on the decision-making 

process of stakeholders. 

2 Prioritization



The results of the materiality assessment were 

presented in a feedback session at the ARA H-Trust 

Board Meeting, wherein the final list of material topics 

were approved by the Board.

3 Validation



The material topics are to be reviewed annually to 

ensure that all sustainability factors material to ARA 

H-Trust’s business continuity are accounted for. The 

materiality assessment process will be re-conducted in 

future years, where necessary.

4 Review



Sustainability Report FY2020

5


The material topics are prioritized based on importance to internal and external stakeholders and significance to ARA H-Trust as 

illustrated in the table below, in no particular order:

S/N

Material Topics 

GRI standards

Sections within this report

1.

Corporate Governance

GRI 205

4.1 - 4.3 and 5.1

2.

Economic Performance

GRI 201

Refer to Annual Report FY2020

3.

Energy

GRI 302

7.1

4.

Employment

GRI 401

6.1 and 6.2

5.

Occupational Health and Safety

GRI 403

6.3

6.

Training and Education

GRI 404

6.2

7.

Customer Health and Safety

GRI 416

5.2

8.

Socioeconomic Compliance

GRI 419

4.3





SUSTAINABILITY AT ARA H-TRUST

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

Hyatt Place Omaha Downtown Old Market

6

ARA US HOSPITALITY TRUST




2019

9 MAY

ARA H-TRUST FY2020 SNAPSHOT



CORPORATE PROFILE

ENVIRONMENTAL

MANAGEMENT

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL AND HUMAN CAPITAL

MILLION

US$78.2

MILLION

US$249.6

STATES

22

per square foot

16.63 kWh

per occupied room

78.54 kWh

Adopted over 40 

chapters of ARA 

Sustainability Policy 

on Environmental, 

Social and 

Governance aspects

0 cases of  

corruption, fraud 

or non-compliance 

with relevant laws, 

regulations and 

governance policies

of female employee 

and training hours per 

employee has exceeded 

targets

57%

fatalities for both 

employees and Hotel 

Managers’ associates 

0

serious incidents 

concerning customer 

health and safety 

0

Listed on the  

Singapore Exchange on 

Gross

Revenue

Market

Capitalization

Operates

across

Established Risk 

Management 

Framework addressing 

strategic enterprise, 

operational, financial 

and compliance risks

upscale 

select-service 

hotels

41

 5,340 rooms

5

premium 

international 

hotel brands

Average Energy

Intensity at

Average Energy

Intensity at

Implemented various 

projects across the 

properties such as Energy 

Management Thermostat, 

Public Space LED Lights and 

Recyclable Products

in the U.S.

Sustainability Report FY2020

7


STRONG GOVERNANCE

The Board recognizes that a firm and operative corporate 

governance culture is crucial in managing the economic, 

environmental and social risks. Setting the tone for strong 

corporate governance, ARA H-Trust has a robust governance 

framework3 which underpins day-to-day operations and 

ensures proper checks and balances. The framework comprises 

a well-established system of policies, procedures, and internal 

controls to uphold ARA H-Trust’s business integrity and 

accountability. 

The Managers have the fiduciary obligation to act honestly, 

with due care and diligence, in the stapled securityholders’ 

best interests. The Managers are committed to upholding the 

highest standards of corporate governance, ethics and integrity 

in all of ARA H-Trust’s business activities.

The Managers have established a formal ARA H-Trust 

Sustainability Working Committee led by the Chief Executive 

Officer (“CEO”) and comprised of senior representatives 

from the asset management, finance, and investor relations 

departments. The ARA H-Trust Sustainability Working 

Committee is responsible for enhancing the sustainability 

report’s disclosures, reviewing performance targets, and 

carrying out relevant ESG activities in accordance with the 

sustainability framework. The ARA H-Trust Sustainability 

Working Committee, in consultation with the ARA Group 

Sustainability Steering Committee, reports to the Board on 

various sustainability policies and practices.

Note

3 

 

 

 For more details on ARA H-Trust’s Corporate Governance, please refer to pages 58 to 80 of its Annual Report. 

ARA H-Trust

BOARD OF 

DIRECTORS

ARA H-Trust

SUSTAINABILITY WORKING COMMITTEE

CEO

Director, 

Asset 

Management

Finance 

Director

Finance 

Manager

Investor 

Relations 

Manager

SUPPORTED BY

ARA Group Governance 

and Sustainability

ARA Group Human 

Resources

Hotel Managers

8

ARA US HOSPITALITY TRUST


The table below presents a summary of sustainability policies which are adopted by ARA H-Trust in its operations:

Category

Topics

Governance

Board Diversity

Communications

Board Performance Evaluation

Crisis Management

Governance Matrix

Intellectual Property Rights

Authorization Grid

Staff Declaration

Code of Corporate Governance

Treasury

Code of Ethics

Valuation

Enterprise Risk Management

Supplier Code of Conduct

Deal Allocation

Outsourcing

Whistle Blowing

Cybersecurity

Shareholder Rights

Compliance with ESG Laws and Regulations

Group Compliance

Anti-Money Laundering and Countering the 

Financing of Terrorism

Social

Diversity and Equal Opportunities

Labor Management Relations

Employment

Quality of Assets and Services

Performance and Career Development

Personal Data Protection

Stakeholder Engagement

Community Development

Environment

Climate Change

GHG Emissions and Management

Pollution Prevention

Water Consumption and Management

Biodiversity and Habitat

Waste Management

Resilience to Catastrophe and Disaster

Material Sourcing and Sustainable Procurement

Environmental Management System

Indoor Environmental Quality

Energy Consumption and Management

ARA H-Trust has an Enterprise Risk Management Framework4 

(“ERM Framework”) which is overseen by the Board and 

Audit Committee (“AC”). The ERM framework covers the 

management of strategic enterprise, operational, financial 

and compliance risks. The strategic risks relate to sustainable 

long-term growth of ARA H-Trust through sound investment 

strategies, asset management and clear communications with 

stakeholders. The operational risks relate to the day-to-day 

management of the property portfolio and hotel operations. 

The financial risks relate to the impact to ARA H-Trust’s financial 

position, arising from changes in market conditions such as 

liquidity, interest rates and credit exposures. The Managers’ 

RISK MANAGEMENT 

approach is to ensure sufficient liquidity of ARA H-Trust to 

meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed 

conditions in its cash-flow projections. The compliance risks 

relate to adherence to applicable laws and regulations which 

ARA H-Trust is subjected to in the various jurisdictions which 

it operates, including in the United States and Singapore.  

A Risk Management Committee was established to assist the 

AC in assessing the adequacy and effectiveness of internal 

controls, and addressing the governance, socioeconomic and 

environmental aspects of the business. These risk management 

matters are reviewed quarterly by the AC and the Board. 

Note

4 

  For more details on ARA H-Trust’s Risk Management, please refer to pages 88 to 89 of its Annual Report.

Sustainability Report FY2020

9




ETHICS AND INTEGRITY

The Managers are committed to uphold the ethical business conduct based on ARA’s core values of Respect, Excellence, Integrity 

and Teamwork. The Managers adhere to ARA’s Governance Policies and measures put in place against fraud, corruption, insider 

trading and misuse of confidential information. All the Managers’ employees have received communication and mandatory 

trainings on anti-corruption and business ethics.

•  For new employees, the Managers’ zero tolerance towards wrongdoings and breaches of these policies is communicated and 

emphasized during their induction training; and

•  For existing employees, declarations of compliance with the ARA’s Governance Policies are reaffirmed annually.

Any non-compliance with these policies will result in disciplinary action and/or immediate dismissal of the employee.

REGULATORY COMPLIANCE

The Managers adopt a comprehensive Compliance Framework established by the ARA Group. The Managers work closely with 

external legal professionals and the ARA Corporate Division on legal and regulatory matters, including changes to requirements. 

Adopting a proactive approach, the Managers participate regularly in consultations with authorities such as MAS and SGX-ST 

and provide feedback on the regulatory regimes. Any significant developments in the operating environment, legislations and 

regulations are promptly communicated to ARA H-Trust’s stakeholders. 

Compliance Control 

Self-Assessment

Training on the Latest 

Regulatory Development

Monitoring

The Compliance Control  

Self-Assessment process 

evaluates the adequacy and 

effectiveness of internal 

controls in addressing 

compliance risks in specific 

areas. It is annually certified 

by the Managers and 

audited by independent 

professionals.

Directors and management 

receive regular updates on 

regulatory requirements, such 

as the Securities &amp; Futures 

Act, Common Reporting 

Standards, Foreign Account 

Tax Compliance Act and 

Singapore Financial Reporting 

Standards. This is facilitated by 

the ARA Corporate Division 

and/or external professionals.

The Company Secretaries 

and Internal Auditors 

ensure that Board 

procedures are duly 

followed and regularly 

reviewed for compliance. 

Any material non-

compliance or weakness, 

including recommendations 

for improvements,  

is reported to the AC.

In FY2020, there were zero reported cases of corruption, fraud or non-compliance with relevant laws, regulations and governance 

policies. There were also no significant fines, non-monetary sanctions, cases brought through dispute resolution mechanisms, 

penalties or letters issued by relevant authorities on breaches of environmental and socioeconomic compliance.

STRONG GOVERNANCE





10

ARA US HOSPITALITY TRUST


DELIVERING EXCEPTIONAL VALUE

SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

In cooperation with Brand Partners and Hotel Managers,  

ARA H-Trust drives sustainable procurement throughout its 

value chain by sourcing of products and services associated 

with concerns of climate change, deforestation, water  

scarcity, responsible waste management, human rights, and 

animal welfare. 

The ARA Hotel Manager works closely together with respective 

Hotel Managers and Brand Partners and has put in place a 

Supplier Code of Conduct (“Code”) to outline supplier standards. 

Suppliers are expected to have appropriate management 

systems in place and take necessary steps to comply with the 

Code, including transparency concerning policies and practices 

related to hiring and employee education. Adherence to this 

Code is also subjected to periodic review. Suppliers shall follow 

the relevant national and local laws and regulations, such as 

those related to labor, health and safety, and the environment. 

These include the United States’ Fair Labor Standards Act, 

Occupational Safety and Health Act, Equal Pay Act and Family 

and Medical Leave Act. The Supplier Code of Conduct is also 

modeled into the guiding principles outlined in the International 

Labor Organization (“ILO”) Standards. 

ARA H-Trust respects the human rights of all men and women. 

Suppliers are expected to recognize and be committed to 

upholding the human rights of their workers, and to treat 

them with dignity and respect, in line with standards such as 

Universal Declaration of Human Rights (“UDHR”) and Social 

Accountability International (“SAI”). The Hotel Managers 

review the performance of suppliers regularly to provide 

them feedback for improvement. Non-compliant suppliers are 

penalized or terminated based on the contractual terms and 

may be barred from providing services to the properties in 

the future. With the above processes in place, this will ensure 

that ARA H-Trust and its stakeholders adhere to the same 

environmental, social, ethical and governance standards (e.g., 

ILO, SAI and UDHR).





AC Hotel Raleigh North Hills

Sustainability Report FY2020

11


The health, safety and security of hotel guests is ARA H-Trust’s 

top priority. The ARA Hotel Manager ensures that its Hotel 

Managers adhere to strict health and safety standards and 

have established standard operating procedures (“SOPs”) for 

the maintenance and upkeep of its properties and premises. 

The ARA Hotel Manager and Hotel Managers conduct on-

site property inspections, monitor the hotel cleanliness and 

CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY 

sanitization as well as, track guests’ satisfaction levels. Based 

on the SOPs, the Hotel Managers have been well-equipped 

to respond swiftly to potential disruptions, emergencies, or 

operational challenges.

In FY2020, there were no known serious incidents concerning 

customer health and safety across the ARA H-Trust’s properties.

CASE STUDY 2

HEALTH AND SAFETY AMID THE 

COVID-19 PANDEMIC 

•  The COVID-19 pandemic has made 2020 a 

challenging year for all businesses, with the 

hospitality sector being one of the hardest hit 

sectors of the economy. 

• As 

ARA 

H-Trust 

navigates 

through 

this 

challenging period, the Managers remain vigilant 

in adapting their COVID-19 safety precautions in 

line with U.S. Government directives.

•  Some of the initiatives are as follows: 

- Use of antiviral and antimicrobial disinfectant 

on all high-touch surfaces such as lift buttons 

and door handles;

- Increased 

frequency 

of 

cleaning 

and 

disinfection procedures;

- Provision of hand sanitizers in high-traffic 

areas such as lobbies and walkways to 

minimize viral transmissions;

- Social distancing markers and safety signages 

were placed at various hotel premises; and

- Proper personal protection equipment and 

training for Hotel Managers’ associates who 

interact with guests. 

CASE STUDY 1

INITIATIVES IN HOTEL 

OPERATIONS

•  Health and safety initiatives implemented in 

the hotel operations include fire safety systems 

and other measures (e.g., evacuation drills, 

inspections of fire safety equipment, escalators 

and exit points, safety certification and inspection 

by authorities).

• SOPs for the maintenance of buildings and 

premises (e.g., electrical wiring systems checked 

periodically, escalator service and safety tests 

performed).

• Surveillance 

and 

security 

systems 

(e.g., 

surveillance system serviced annually, security 

breach responses and plans implemented).

• Guest Satisfaction Surveys - feedback to 

benchmark and make operational and service 

improvements to create a better customer 

experience.

• Certification obtained by the hotels (e.g., ISO 

45001 and OHSAS 18001, health and safety 

certifications in recognition of commitment to 

the highest standards of public hygiene).

• Winterizing Preparedness Checklist to protect 

assets and guests.

DELIVERING EXCEPTIONAL VALUE

12

ARA US HOSPITALITY TRUST


HUMAN CAPITAL

People is the driving force behind ARA H-Trust’s success and long-term growth strategy. The Managers aim to create a  

well-balanced workplace, foster a culture of innovation and inclusiveness, and build a productive and high-performing team.

This is achieved through active engagement with the Managers’ employees through five main strategic focuses:

WORKFORCE MANAGEMENT

Talent Strategy and 

Planning 

To enhance internal 

talent to support 

business growth 

through talent 

development and 

retention.

Talent Acquisition 

To hire the right 

talents and profile 

to grow with the 

organization.

High Performance

To build a high-

performance mindset 

that drives individuals 

to achieve superior 

results.

Employee 

Connectivity and 

Engagement 

To enhance employee 

connectivity and 

engagement through 

creating a family-

oriented ethos within 

a multinational 

corporation 

environment.  

Business Driven 

To align the human 

resources framework 

with business needs 

and place it in the 

center of business 

growth.



AC Hotel Raleigh North Hills

Sustainability Report FY2020

13


The Managers’ team comprises 7 (female: 4; male: 3) full-time permanent employees based in Singapore (4 employees) and the 

U.S. (3 employees) from diverse backgrounds and age groups. During FY2020, there were 2 new hires and 2 resignations. The 

Managers have been providing stable employment in the past year with no layoff and there is minimal disruption from employee 

turnover despite the nature of the industry.

The employee profile5 is shown below: 

Note

5 

The employee profile is defined as full-time employees who are employed by the Managers and ARA Hotel Manager. This does not include the Hotel Managers’ associates 

employed in the day-to-day operations of the hotels. 

The Managers are required to comply with the employment regulations or acts concerning employee rights in both Singapore 

and United States. In FY2020, the Managers have met its perpetual target of zero validated cases of non-compliance with 

employment regulations or acts concerning employee rights.

CASE STUDY 3

COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENTS AND CORPORATE 

SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (“CSR”) INITIATIVES IN FY2020

National Cancer Centre Singapore Carepack Initiative

Volunteers from ARA H-Trust and ARA have joined the LifeHouse 

Singapore and National Cancer Centre Singapore (“NCCS”) in an 

initiative to prepare 16,000 care packs for cancer patients at NCCS 

as well as 3,000 care packs for young patients at KK Hospital.

SGX Bull Charge Virtual Charity Run

ARA sponsored a team of runners for the SGX Bull Charge Virtual 

Charity Run 2020 in support of the Autism Association (Singapore), 

AWWA Ltd, Fei Yue Community Services, HCSA Community Services 

and Shared Services. The Managers’ employees have participated in 

support of the charity run.

HUMAN CAPITAL

WORKFORCE MANAGEMENT

Full-Time employees – FY2020

New Hires – FY2020

Resignation – FY2020

Age

Group

2

Gender

Region

Under

30

30 to

50

Above 

50

Female

Male

SG

U.S.

Age

Group

Gender

Region

Under

30

30 to

50

Above 

50

Female

Male

SG

U.S.

Age

Group

Gender

Region

Under

30

30 to

50

Above 

50

Female

Male

SG

U.S.

5

4

3

4

3

2

2

2

1

1

1

1

1

1





0

0

0

0

0

0

14

ARA US HOSPITALITY TRUST


The Managers believe that talent development and succession planning are crucial to ARA H-Trust’s long-term sustainability. By 

adopting the ARA Performance and Career Development Policy, the Managers have put in place a well-structured employment 

and grading system which provides career progression, job rotation and training opportunities as part of the holistic development 

of employees. The ARA Group’s HR department supports the Managers in providing suitable training program where employees 

are kept updated on their training requirements and attend the relevant courses. Employees learning needs are identified based 

on the ARA Competency Framework of Self Mastery, People Skills, Business Alignment and Strategic Alignment. In addition, a 

bi-annual training newsletter is circulated to employees on the latest training trends and developments.

In FY2020, employees received an average of 33.2 training hours. This exceeds the Managers’ set target of 26 training hours per 

employee. The Managers seek to improve the training hours going forward, despite unavailability of in-person trainings during 

the COVID-19 pandemic.

The training profile6 is shown below: 

TALENT MANAGEMENT AND DEVELOPMENT 

Note

6 

The training profile is defined as full-time employees who are employed by the Managers and ARA Hotel Manager. This does not include the Hotel Managers’ associates 

employed in the day-to-day operations of the hotels.

Female

Male

Average Hours by Gender

44.9

17.7

Senior 

Management

Middle 

Management

Average Hours by Employee Catergory

20.8

49.8

Based on an Open Appraisal System, the employees have face-to-face meetings with their superiors to discuss his or her job 

performance, including areas of responsibilities and improvements. Such review sessions are done at the mid-year and year-end 

to provide timely feedback and guidance to employees. This ensures that the employees’ progress in the work plan and goals set 

are on track. In FY2020, all employees have received their performance review.

Sustainability Report FY2020

15


ARA H-Trust values the health, and well-being of all employees 

and Hotel Managers’ associates (collectively known as “staff”). 

The well-being of staff is critical in maintaining positive morale 

and job satisfaction, which directly contribute to productivity 

and retention levels within the organization. The Managers 

are committed to uphold the safety and security of the Hotel 

Managers’ associates and guests, as part of the American 

Hotel &amp; Lodging Association’s (“AHLA”) 5-Star Promise. ARA 

H-Trust believes that the pillars of the AHLA 5-Star Promise are 

critical in the advancement of the hospitality industry. Working 

closely as a team, the ARA Hotel Manager collaborates with 

the respective Hotel Managers, Brand Partners and the AHLA 

on health and safety matters.

Safety and Cleanliness 

The ARA Hotel Manager actively promotes and cultivates a 

strong health and safety culture by adopting the Occupational 

Health and Safety (“OHS”) elements of the ARA Quality of 

Assets and Services Policy. These elements are integrated 

into the hotel business functions to ensure compliance within  

the operations. 

The Hotel Managers are guided by the Brand Partners’ 

Global Care &amp; Cleanliness Commitments which are built on 

the safety and cleanliness protocols. The Hyatt Hotels safety 

and cleanliness program was developed by a cross-functional 

panel of trusted medical and industry advisors, including 

experts from Cleveland Clinic, to help develop safety protocols 

for hotels. Every Hyatt Hotel is Global Biorisk Advisory 

Council (“GBAC”) STAR-certified, with established cleaning 

protocols, disinfection techniques, and work practices to 

combat biohazards and infectious diseases. Similarly, Marriott 

International has created a “Commitment to Cleanliness” 

program consisting of in-house and external experts in food 

and water safety, infection prevention, and cleaning and safety 

standards. 

Training and Awareness

The Hotel Managers’ associates are required to complete 

training on a variety of safety and security areas, including 

prevention of harassment and workplace violence. Every hotel 

has a trained Hygiene and Well-being Leader and on-site team 

to provide on the ground support. This would ensure that the 

hotel adheres to the operational protocols on cleanliness and 

that all necessary training is put in place. 

In addition to the Brand Partners’ programs, the Hotel 

Managers have created specific management cleaning protocol 

and safety training systems as a pre-requisite for the new hire 

during the on-boarding process.

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

For Aimbridge Hospitality, all the new hires are required to 

complete a “New Hire Associate Safety Training” within the 

Learning Management System (“LMS”). The LMS training 

is monitored and audited by the Aimbridge Hospitality 

Corporate Human Resources where any failure to complete 

the training will result in a follow-up. The Aimbridge’s AIMSafe 

Program includes a weekly training component that follows a  

pre-determined 12-month training calendar with prescribed 

topics. In addition, task-specific training topics are available for 

new hire training or retraining where required, based on any 

findings from the Associate Safety Engagement observations 

or Injury Investigation.

For Concord Hospitality, all new hires are required to watch 

an Occupational Safety and Health Administration (“OSHA”) 

video and complete a written test on the following topics:

•  Bloodborne Pathogens;

•  Personal Protective Equipment (“PPE”);

•  Prevention of Slips, Falls and Back Injury;

•  Fire Safety and Lockout Tagout; and

•  Globally Harmonized System of Classification and Labeling 

of Chemicals (“GHS”).

The No Room for Trafficking program is an AHLA Foundation 

awareness program that builds on the industry’s ongoing 

commitment and work to end human trafficking. Through 

elevating, assessing, educating and supporting the fight to 

end human trafficking, the campaign will ensure that the hotel 

associates are continuously developing a better understanding 

of ways to identify traffickers and potential victims in hotels.

Free online training is available to hotel associates for them to 

be more aware of trafficking when it happens – and are more 

willing to report it. By providing training tools and resources, 

the program helps to ensure hotel associates remain vigilant 

and have a deep understanding of the most up-to-date 

indicators to spot human trafficking. The free 30-minute online 

human trafficking training program, available in 17 languages, 

is targeted for hotel associates at all levels of the hotels, and 

the e-learning program can be accessed through ECPAT-

USA’s Learning Management System or be licensed and 

hosted directly on the Hotel Manager’s Learning Management 

System. This training was produced by Marriott International 

in collaboration with ECPAT-USA and Polaris with the support 

of the AHLA Foundation, an ECPAT-USA corporate partner in 

protection.

HUMAN CAPITAL

16

ARA US HOSPITALITY TRUST


Prevention and Mitigation

The Hotel Managers actively identify and monitor hazards to ensure the health and safety of the guests and Hotel Managers’ 

associates. In the case of Aimbridge’s AIMSafe Program, it is designed to specifically identify hazard risks where an established 

joint management/associate committee is responsible for the following:

•  Identifies hazards found and reviews the safety material on a monthly basis;

• Documents reported concerns and proposes a mitigation strategy to address hazards and concerns; and

• Tracks mitigation plans to its completion, including assessing the impact on third-party vendors and temporary staff.

In addition to the AIMSafe Program, the Aimbridge’s Corporate Risk Management and Corporate Engineering departments have 

put in place requirements for third-party vendors when performing work within or around the hotel. These requirements include 

contract safety specifications, required certifications and forbidding the use of certain hazardous equipment.  

Total Number and Rate of Incidents, by Key Health and Safety Indicators for FY2020

Indicator

Definition

Employees

Hotel Managers’ Associates7

Number of 

injuries

Rate8 of 

injuries

Number of 

injuries

Rate8 of 

injuries

Fatalities

Accidents which lead to death or 

causes permanent disability.

–

–

–

–

High-

Consequence 

Injuries

Work-related injuries which include 

incidences that resulted in insurance 

payouts to the personnel involved.

–

–

3

0.45

Recordable 

Injuries

Recordable work-related injuries 

which include occupational 

health &amp; safety incidences where 

compensation was provided to the 

personnel involved.

–

–

21

3.17

Note

7 

The Hotel Managers’ associates are not directly employed by ARA H-Trust. However, their work and workplace are directly linked to the occupational health and safety aspects 

of the business operations which are under the supervision of the ARA Hotel Manager.

8 

Rate of incidents is calculated based on total number of incidents per 200,000 hours worked.

In FY2020, ARA H-Trust recorded zero fatalities for all the staff. There were 3 high-consequence injuries and 21 recordable 

injuries for the Hotel Managers’ associates. The ARA Hotel Manager and Hotel Managers have performed a thorough evaluation 

of the incidents and identified the root causes. These hazard risks have been addressed as health and safety corrective actions 

were put in place to prevent future occurrence.

Staff Well-being and Benefits

ARA H-Trust believes in caring for the physical and mental health and well-being of the employees who are entitled to a range of 

benefits such as comprehensive healthcare and medical coverage, dental and vision, insurance coverage and leave entitlements. 

Other employee benefits include staggered working hours, staff cafeteria, subsidized fitness center membership, corporate 

membership to local attractions, season parking and mobile phone allowances. 

In FY2020, the ARA Group’s HR department launched a series of “Stay Home, Stay Healthy’ online wellness, which focuses on 

employee well-being while working from home. To maintain connectedness among the teams, the employees adopted technology 

to enable virtual communications. A weekly newsletter, InsideARA - Staying Connected, was launched to keep all employees 

engaged and united during this period. 

ARA H-Trust aims to provide a conducive working environment that contributes to the well-being of the Hotel Managers’ 

associates by working with the Brand Partners to optimize the employee platforms and benefits. 

Sustainability Report FY2020

17


CASE STUDY4

HEALTH AND SAFETY INITIATIVES AT THE HOTEL PREMISES

Aimbridge AIMSafe Safety Program initiatives

Under Aimbridge Hospitality, the hotels implement the Aimbridge's AIMSafe Safety Program ("AIMSafe"), which is 

focused on identifying and addressing workplace hazards. AIMSafe is specifically designed to comply with federal 

and state Occupational Safety and Health Administration ("OSHA") program requirements. The program covers the 

following:

•  Provision of OSHA program templates, outlines, and resources for hotels to utilize.

•  Periodic initiatives on the following areas such as

-  Observation on Associate Safety Engagements - a two-way process that allows hotel safety leaders to provide 

feedback regarding a safety task execution and allow associates to express safety concerns within or outside their 

tasks; 

-  Weekly training on safety tasks and routine inspection of facilities; and

-  Monthly safety committee meeting/huddle are being held.  

•  The above components are measured and assessed through compulsory monthly surveys. Non-compliance of these 

measures would be followed up by the Corporate Risk Management department, in discussions with the Hotel 

General Manager/Regional Leader during the property audit and/or visit.

Concord Hospitality Safety Committee

The hotels are required to establish a Safety Committee which covers the following:

•  The Committee shall comprise of a mix of hourly and hotel leadership associates and a representative from each hotel 

department. The chairman of the committee would either be the Chief Engineer or Human Resource representative; 

and

•  Monthly Safety Committee meetings are held to discuss safety hazards and mitigate occupational health and safety 

accidents or incidents.

On-site at the hotel premises

The Hotel Managers’ associates are required to sign the ‘Check-in, Before You Check-out’ Policy and a ‘PPE Hazard 

Awareness Form’ upon hire. During their shifts, it is compulsory for hotel associates to wear safety gear and slip resistant 

safety shoes to minimize accidents. On a quarterly basis, the Hotel General Managers conduct risk review calls and 

complete hotel safety scorecards to assess the safety standards.

The Hotel Managers have also implemented a fully integrated business intelligence tool -  Energy Portal BI tool to 

streamline the management of hospitality processes and sanitation efforts. This tool tracks the mechanical system 

preventive maintenance, daily meter readings and boiler set-points, swimming pool chemical levels, door key 

management, hotel guest room deep clean schedules and preventive maintenance tasks. It also serves as the central 

point for recording and tracking guest requests. More importantly, the tool helps to monitor and maintain the health 

and safety standards at the hotel premises.

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

HUMAN CAPITAL

Hyatt is the portfolio’s largest brand partner which offers 

an innovative and proprietary colleague mental well-being 

assessment tool and provides resources to address any mental 

health-related needs of staff. The program was developed 

in collaboration with the Center for Technology Licensing 

and researchers in the Department of Psychiatry at Cornell 

Medicine. In addition, Hyatt has recently introduced the Well-

Being Week, which is a virtual program with training venues, 

virtual discussions, resources, and tools for all Hyatt hotel 

associates. 

Similarly, Concord Hospitality provides non-occupational medical 

and healthcare services to all its hotel associates. These medical 

and healthcare services are discussed and communicated to 

new hires during orientation where staff benefit booklets are 

distributed in new hire packets. The content in the benefit 

booklets is also uploaded and stored on the online SharePoint 

platform, which is accessible by all hotel associates. 

The Brand Partners provide comprehensive insurance scheme 

which covers health, dental, vision and medical prescription 

available to all full-time hotel associates. This also includes 

Teledoc – an 24/7 online doctor consultation service, life 

insurance for associates, spousal and child, Flexible Spending 

Account plans, Host Care Resources, Short-term disability and 

Long-term disability benefits programs. 

18

ARA US HOSPITALITY TRUST


ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT

ARA H-Trust recognizes the importance of taking a proactive 

stance in reducing its environmental footprint to combat 

the threat of climate change. Within hospitality, there is an 

increasing trend where guests chose environmentally friendly 

accommodations during their travels as part their efforts to  

go green.

Adopting a holistic approach, the Managers focus on improving 

energy efficiency and performance of the hotel properties and 

better management of resources. With grid electricity and 

natural gas being the main sources of energy for the business, 

the Managers seek to reduce consumption and carbon 

emissions, while reducing utility costs. As a result, various 

initiatives have been implemented at the hotels, such as close 

monitoring of the energy consumption, regular maintenance 

of equipment and raising awareness among hotel associates 

and guests. 

Led by the ARA Hotel Manager, the hotels have embarked on 

a formal Energy Management Program with support by a third-

party energy management company to monitor and analyze 

resource consumption. Formalized guidelines and procedures 

have been established for consistent and responsible use 

of resources across the hotels. The following projects were 

implemented as part of the program: Installation of LED 

Lighting, Guest Room Energy Management Systems, Efficient 

Heating, Ventilation and Air Conditioning Equipment and High 

Efficiency Plumbing.    

CASE STUDY 5

ENERGY MANAGEMENT PROJECTS

•  Energy Management Thermostat project was 

implemented in FY2020 across 19 properties 

which generated US$200k in utility savings and 

reduction in carbon emissions;

• Monthly 

performance 

benchmarking 

and 

analytical reports to detect anomalies and 

identify usage root causes and corrections; and

• Digital dashboard to record aggregate meter 

readings including boiler temperatures and pool 

chemical levels.

CASE STUDY 6

PLANNED PUBLIC SPACE LED 

CONVERSIONS AT 9 HYATT HOUSE 

PROPERTIES

• Planned public space LED conversions at 9 Hyatt 

House properties in support of ARA H-Trust’s 

environmental commitment to reduce energy 

and carbon footprint. 

CASE STUDY 7

FOSTERING A CULTURE OF 

ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

• Working closely with Brand Partners, the ARA 

Hotel Manager seeks to manage and reduce 

waste by adopting the following: 

- Reducing and eliminating the consumption 

of single-use plastics, such as traditional 

small-bottled toiletries, across all hotels 

by transitioning to large-format bathroom 

amenities by the end of 2022;

- Eliminating the use of bottled water at events 

and meetings by serving water in carafes or 

other reusable containers;

- Exploring 

and 

expanding 

sources 

and 

procurement of recyclable products for 

hotels, taking into consideration the life cycle 

environmental impacts along with cost and 

functional performance; and

- Introducing innovative mobile room entry 

solutions, which reduce the need for plastic 

key cards.

Sustainability Report FY2020

19


During 2020, the U.S. Government declared a public health 

emergency as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, leading to 

many U.S. states implementing lockdown measures to restrict 

travel and social activities. With travel restrictions and reduced 

economic activities, the hotel industry is among the hardest 

hit sectors around the world.  The challenging operating 

environment in 2020 for hospitality in the U.S. resulted in 

lower reported occupancies in the ARA H-Trust hotels, which 

translated into lower consumption of energy and water. The 

FY2020 energy consumption and intensity data included in 

this report is not representative of the hotel portfolio’s usage 

in a full year of normal operations. 

In FY2020, ARA H-Trust’s total energy consumption (i.e., 

electricity and natural gas) was 56,092,951 kWh, with average 

energy intensity9 of 78.54 kWh per occupied room and average 

energy intensity10 of 16.63kWh per square foot. 

This translates to 17,266,242 kgCO2 greenhouse gas (“GHG”) 

emissions and average GHG intensity11 of 24.18 kgCO2 per 

occupied room and average GHG intensity12 of 5.12 kgCO2 

per square foot. 

Energy Source

Energy Consumption (kWh)

Electricity

36,027,959

(64.2% of total energy 

consumption)

Natural Gas

20,064,992

(35.8% of total energy 

consumption)

In terms of total energy consumption, hotels in all regions (i.e., 

North East, Mid-West, West and South) showed a general 

downward trend in accumulated energy consumption for 

FY2020 as compared to the previous year 2019. As a full year 

comparison, 2019 covers the environmental data for the pre-

listing period from 1 January to 8 May 2019, and from 9 May 

to 31 December 2019 under ARA H-Trust. 

ENERGY CONSUMPTION AND ENERGY INTENSITY

The energy consumption by region is shown below:

Note

9 

Average energy intensity per occupied room is calculated based on total energy consumption over the total of 714,197 occupied rooms during the reporting period.

10 Average energy intensity per square foot is calculated based on total energy consumption over the total of 3,372,295 square foot during the reporting period. 

11 Average GHG emissions intensity per occupied room is calculated based on total emissions over the total of 714,197 occupied rooms during the reporting period.

12 Average GHG emissions intensity per square foot is calculated based on total emissions over the total of 3,372,295 square feet during the reporting period.

ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT

Mid-West

North East

West

South

0

20

40

60

80

100

120

140

0

5

10

15

20

25

30

35

Average Energy Intensity 

per Occupied Room

kWh (mil)

Energy Consumption by Occupancy Rate

2019 - Sum of Total Energy 

consumption value (kWh)

2020 - Sum of Total Energy 

consumption value (kWh)

2019 - Average of Energy Intensity 

by Occupancy rate

2020 - Average of Energy Intensity 

by Occupancy rate

Mid-West

North East

West

South

0

5

10

15

20

25

30

35

Average Energy Intensity  

per square foot 

kWh (mil)

Energy Consumption by GFA

2019 - Sum of Total Energy 

consumption value (kWh)

2020 - Sum of Total Energy 

consumption value (kWh)

2019 - Average of Energy  

Intensity by GFA

2020 - Average of Energy  

Intensity by GFA

0

5

10

15

20

25

30

35

20

ARA US HOSPITALITY TRUST


In FY2020, there was a higher average energy intensity per occupied room across all regions as compared to the previous year in 

2019. Although there was a decrease in total energy consumption in FY2020, there was a relatively larger drop in the number of 

occupied rooms. For the Mid-West region, the average energy intensity per occupied room was 116.69 kWh per occupied room, 

which was the highest as the hotels in this region had the longest period of closure during the lockdown (i.e., average 74 days). 

In terms of gross floor area (“GFA”), there was a lower average energy intensity per GFA across all regions in FY2020, as compared 

to the previous year in 2019. This was due to the decrease in total energy consumption in FY2020. For the Mid-West region, the 

average energy intensity per GFA is 19.51 kWh per square foot, which was the highest. This was due to more heating required 

during the longer and harsher winter season in the Mid-West region.

The energy consumption by seasonal trend is shown below:

During FY2020, the electricity and natural gas consumption trends correspond to the lower occupancy rate due to the COVID-19 

pandemic and reflects the climate conditions across the regions. Natural gas consumption was higher during the winter months 

as it was used for heating, while electricity consumption increased during summer months where there was demand for  

air-conditioning. In April 2020, there was a sharp decline in both natural gas and electricity consumption, mainly due to the start 

of hotel closures during the nationwide COVID-19 lockdown. During these closures, the hotels incurred energy consumption to 

uphold its basic operations and regular maintenance of common areas such as swimming pools and lobbies. Towards the end of 

FY2020, all regions showed a steady uptrend in energy consumption in line with the gradual increase in occupancy rates, as the 

country’s lockdown was lifted during the safe reopening phase.

The recorded energy consumption and intensity for FY2020 reflects the combined effects of energy efficiency measures and 

lower hotel occupancies during the COVID-19 pandemic. However, such FY2020 performance would not be representative nor 

comparable against a normal operating year for ARA H-Trust. Going forward, the ARA Hotel Manager will continue to monitor the 

energy performance of its portfolio against established targets on a regular basis, as energy consumption is expected to rise in 

line with the recovery in U.S. hospitality sector in 2021.

5,000

kWh (‘000)

Electricity consumption by hotels across regions

4,000

3,000

2,000

1,000

0

JAN

2019

2020

FEB

MAR

APR

MAY

JUN

JUL

AUG

SEP

OCT

NOV

DEC

JAN

FEB

MAR

APR

MAY

JUN

JUL

AUG

SEP

OCT

NOV

DEC

2,500

kWh (‘000)

2,000

1,500

1,000

500

0

3,500

3,000

JAN

2019

2020

FEB

MAR

APR

MAY

JUN

JUL

AUG

SEP

OCT

NOV

DEC

JAN

FEB

MAR

APR

MAY

JUN

JUL

AUG

SEP

OCT

NOV

DEC

Natural gas consumption by hotels across regions

Mid-West

North East

West

South

Sustainability Report FY2020

21


METHODOLOGICAL REVIEW

Corruption

Corruption is an abuse of entrusted power for private gain, 

which can be instigated by individuals or organizations. 

Corruption includes practices such as bribery, facilitation 

payments, fraud, extortion, collusion, and money laundering. It 

also includes an offer or receipt of any gift, loan, fee, reward, or 

other advantage to or from any person as an inducement to do 

something that is dishonest, illegal, or a breach of trust in the 

conduct of the enterprise’s business.

This section explains the key definitions and methodologies applied for ARA H-Trust’s sustainability report. These are adapted 

in the context of the GRI Standards Glossary and the Reporting Requirements, Recommendations and Guidance set out in the 

respective disclosures and various authoritative intergovernmental instruments.

GOVERNANCE

Employees

Employees are defined as full-time staff who are employed by 

the Managers. This does not include Hotel Managers’ associates 

employed in the day-to-day operations of the hotels.

New Hires and Turnover

Employee movement within each financial year is recorded and 

presented as at year-end headcount. New hires are defined 

as new employees that have joined the Managers during the 

year. Turnover is defined as all employees that have left the 

Managers voluntarily, or due to dismissal, retirement or death 

in service during the year.

SOCIAL

Socioeconomic Compliance

Socioeconomic compliance includes an organization’s overall 

compliance record, as well as compliance with specific laws 

or regulations in the social and economic area. Compliance 

can relate to accounting and tax fraud, corruption, bribery, 

competition, the provision of products and services, or labor 

issues, such as workplace discrimination, among others.

Training Hours

Average training hours per employee is the total number of 

training hours provided to employees, relative to the total 

number of employees, during the year. 

Average training hours per female/male employee is the total 

number of training hours provided to female/male employees, 

relative to the total number of female/male employees, during 

the year.

Average training hours per employee category is the total 

number of training hours provided to each category of 

employees, relative to the total number of employees in the 

category, during the year.

22

ARA US HOSPITALITY TRUST


Consolidation Approach

The operational control approach, as outlined in the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard, is used to determine organizational 

boundaries for ARA H-Trust’s environmental reporting. Operational control reflects the full authority to introduce and implement 

operating policies at the operation of its properties and is accountable for 100% of its emissions. ARA H-Trust owns 100% 

ownership of the 41 hotels.

The 41 hotels span across 4 regions as follows:

ENVIRONMENT

• Hyatt Place Mystic

• Hyatt House Shelton

• Hyatt House Boston 

Burlington

• Hyatt House Branchburg

• Hyatt House Morristown

• Hyatt House Parsippany

• Hyatt Place Secaucus 

Meadowlands

• Hyatt House Parsippany 

Whippany

• Hyatt House Fishkill

• Hyatt House Philadelphia 

Plymouth Meeting

• Hyatt Place Pittsburgh 

Airport

• Hyatt Place Pittsburgh 

Cranberry

• Hyatt Place Chicago 

Itasca

• Hyatt Place Detroit 

Auburn Hills

• Hyatt Place Detroit 

Livonia

• Hyatt Place Omaha 

Downtown Old Market

• Hyatt Place Cleveland 

Independence

• Hyatt Place Cincinnati 

Northeast

• Hyatt Place Sacramento 

Rancho Cordova

• Hyatt Place Denver 

Airport

• Hyatt Place Boise Towne 

Square

• Hyatt Place Albuquerque 

Airport

• Hyatt Place Birmingham 

Inverness

• Hyatt Place Lakeland 

Center

• Hyatt Place Tampa Busch 

Garden

• Hyatt Place Atlanta 

Alpharetta Windward 

Parkway

• Hyatt Place Atlanta 

Norcross Peachtree

• Hyatt Place Cincinnati 

Airport Florence

• Hyatt Place Louisville East

• Hyatt Place Charlotte 

Airport Tyvola Road

• Hyatt House Raleigh 

Durham Airport

• AC by Marriott Raleigh 

North Hills

• Hyatt Place Oklahoma 

City Airport

• Hyatt Place Nashville 

Brentwood

• Hyatt Place Memphis 

Primacy Parkway

• Hyatt Place Nashville 

Opryland

• Courtyard San Antonio at 

The Rim

• Residence Inn San 

Antonio at The Rim

• Hyatt House Richmond 

West

• Hyatt Place Richmond 

Arboretum

• Hyatt House Sterling 

Dulles Airport North

North East Region

Mid-West Region

West Region

South Region

Note: AC by Marriott Raleigh North Hills, Courtyard San Antonio at The Rim and Residence Inn San Antonio at The Rim were only acquired by ARA H-Trust on 17 January 2020. 

Nevertheless, their energy consumption for 2019 has been included in the environmental graphs in section 7 of this report for analysis and comparison.

Sustainability Report FY2020

23


METHODOLOGICAL REVIEW

Energy Consumption 

Purchased electricity and natural gas are the two sources of 

energy that ARA H-Trust properties consume. The total energy 

consumption is expressed in kilowatt hours (symbol: kWh).

Energy Intensity

The metrics selected to calculate the respective energy 

intensity ratios are per occupied room and per square foot. 

Average energy intensity per occupied room is calculated by 

the energy consumed, relative to the total number of occupied 

rooms of ARA H-Trust properties. 

Average energy intensity per square foot is calculated by the 

energy consumed, relative to the total gross floor area of ARA 

H-Trust properties.

GHG Emissions

This report includes the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions 

for ARA H-Trust properties.

•  

Scope 1 GHG emissions are emissions from sources that 

are owned or controlled by the organization. In the scope 

of reporting, this relates to natural gas consumed for 

cooking and water heating and it is expressed in kgCO2. 

The emission factors applied are from the April 2021 

U.S. Environmental Protection Agency GHG Emission 

Factors Hub.

•  

Scope 2 GHG emissions are emissions that result from 

the generation of purchased or acquired electricity, 

ventilation and cooling consumed by the organization. 

In the scope of reporting, this only relates to purchasing 

electricity and is expressed in kgCO2. A location-based 

method is adopted, which reflects the average emissions 

intensity of grids on which energy consumption occurs. 

The emission factors applied are from the April 2021 

U.S. Environmental Protection Agency GHG Emission 

Factors Hub.

In 2020, ARA H-Trust’s scope 1 GHG emission amounts to 

3,625,598 kgCO2 and scope 2 GHG emission amounts to 

13,640,644 kgCO2. 

GHG Emissions Intensity

The metrics selected to calculate the respective GHG intensity 

ratios are per occupied room and per square foot. 

Average GHG intensity per occupied room is calculated by 

the GHG emissions, relative to the total number of occupied 

rooms of ARA H-Trust properties. 

Average GHG intensity per square foot is calculated by the 

GHG emissions, relative to the total gross floor area of ARA 

H-Trust properties.



Residence Inn San Antonio Six Flags at the Rim

24

ARA US HOSPITALITY TRUST


GRI CONTENT INDEX

GRI 102: GENERAL DISCLOSURES

General Standard

GRI Disclosure

References and/or Remarks

Organizational 

Profile

102-1 Name of the organization

About ARA US Hospitality Trust (SR Pg 1)

102-2 Activities, brands, products and services

About ARA US Hospitality Trust (SR Pg 1), 

Reporting Scope and Period (SR Pg 2),

Property Portfolio (AR Pg 36 – 56)

102-3 Location of headquarters

Address of the Managers:

ARA Trust Management (USH) Limited

5 Temasek Boulevard, #12-01

Suntec Tower Five Singapore 038985

102-4 Location of operations

About ARA US Hospitality Trust (SR Pg 1)

102-5 Ownership and legal form

About ARA US Hospitality Trust (SR Pg 1), Trust 

Structure (AR pg 21), Notes to the Financial 

Statements (AR Pg 106 - Pg 150)

102-6 Markets served

About ARA US Hospitality Trust (SR Pg 1), 

Diversified Portfolio (AR Pg 6 – 7), Property 

Portfolio (AR Pg 36 – 56)

102-7 Scale of the organization

About ARA US Hospitality Trust (SR Pg 1), 

Workforce Management (SR Pg 13), 2020, 

Financial Performance (AR Pg 10-11),

Financial Review (AR Pg 30-31)

102-8 Information on employees and other 

workers

Workforce Management (SR Pg 13), 

Management Team (AR Pg 25 – 26)

102-9 Supply chain

Supply Chain Management (SR Pg 11)

102-10 Significant changes to the organization 

and its supply chain

Year in Brief (AR Pg 12 – 13), Letter to Stapled 

Securityholders (AR Pg 16 – 19)

102-11 Precautionary Principle or approach 

Risk Management (SR Pg 9),

Risk Management (AR Pg 88-89)

102-12 External initiatives

The Managers participate in various national 

and industry efforts towards economic growth, 

good corporate governance, environmental 

conservation, education, and community 

development.

102-13 Membership of associations

AHLA, Aimbridge Owners Advisory Board, 

Hyatt’s Owners Advisory Council

Strategy

102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker

Board Statement (SR Pg 2),

Letter to Stapled Securityholders,  

(AR Pg 16 – 19)

Ethics and Integrity

102-16 Values, principles, standards and norms 

of behaviour

Ethics and Integrity (SR Pg 10)

102-17 Mechanisms for advice and concerns 

about ethics

Whistle Blowing Policy (AR Pg 71)

Sustainability Report FY2020

25


General Standard

GRI Disclosure

References and/or Remarks

Governance

102-18 Governance structure

Strong Governance (SR Pg 8), Trust Structure 

(AR Pg 21), Management Team (AR Pg 25 – 26)

102-20 Executive-level responsibility for 

economic, environmental, and social topics

Strong Governance (SR Pg 8), The Board’s 

Conduct of Affairs (AR Pg 59 – 62)

102-22 Composition of the highest governance 

body and its committees

Board of Directors (AR Pg 22 – 24), Board 

Composition and Guidance (AR Pg 62 – 64)

102-23 Chair of the highest governance body

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (AR Pg 

64 – 65)

102-24 Nominating and selecting the highest 

governance body

Board Membership (AR Pg 65 – 66), Board 

Performance (AR Pg 66 – 67), Statement on 

Composition of the Board of Directors (AR Pg 

87)

102-25 Conflicts of interest

Statement of Policies and Practices (AR Pg 81 

– 86), Dealings in Stapled Securities (AR Pg 77), 

Dealing with Conflicts of Interest (AR Pg 78), 

Dealing with Interested Person Transactions (AR 

Pg 79 – 80)

102-26 Role of highest governance body in 

setting purpose, values, and strategy

Board Statement (SR Pg 2), Board’s Conduct of 

Affairs (AR Pg 59 – 62), Risk Management and 

Internal Controls (AR Pg 69 – 71), Statement of 

Policies and Practices (AR Pg 81 – 86)

102-29 Identifying and managing economic, 

environmental, and social impacts

Board Statement (SR Pg 2), Materiality 

Assessment (SR Pg 5), Strong Governance (SR 

Pg 8)

102-30 Effectiveness of risk management 

processes

Risk Management (AR Pg 88 – 89)

102-32 Highest governance body’s role in 

sustainability reporting

Board Statement (SR Pg 2), Strong Governance 

(SR Pg 8)

102-35 Remuneration policies

Remuneration Matters (AR Pg 67 – 69)

102-36 Process for determining remuneration

Remuneration Matters (AR Pg 67 – 69)

Stakeholder 

Engagement

102-40 List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder Engagement (SR Pg 3)

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements

All employees within the scope of this report 

are not covered by collective bargaining 

agreements.

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Stakeholder Engagement (SR Pg 3)

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder Engagement (SR Pg 3)

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder Engagement (SR Pg 3)

GRI CONTENT INDEX

26

ARA US HOSPITALITY TRUST


General Standard

GRI Disclosure

References and/or Remarks

Reporting Practice

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements

Notes to the Financial Statements (AR Pg 107 

– 150)

102-46 Defining report content and topic

Boundaries

Materiality Assessment (SR Pg 5)

102-47 List of material topics

Materiality Assessment (SR Pg 5)

102-48 Restatements of information

Not applicable as this is ARA H-Trust’s inaugural 

sustainability report.

102-49 Changes in reporting

Not applicable as this is ARA H-Trust’s inaugural 

sustainability report.

102-50 Reporting period

Reporting Scope and Period (SR Pg 2)

102-51 Date of most recent report

Not applicable as this is ARA H-Trust’s inaugural 

sustainability report.

102-52 Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding 

the report

Feedback (SR Pg 2)

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with 

the GRI Standards

Reporting Framework (SR Pg 2)

102-55 Content Index

GRI Content Index (SR Pg 25)

102-56 External assurance

Independent Assurance (SR Pg 2)

Topic-Specific

Standard

GRI Disclosure

References and/or Remarks

Corporate 

Governance

103-1 to 103-3 Management Approach

Strong Governance (SR Pg 8)

205-2: Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures

Ethics and Integrity (SR Pg 10), Supply Chain 

Management (SR Pg 11)

205-3: Confirmed incidents of corruption and 

actions taken

Regulatory Compliance (SR Pg 10)

Economic 

Performance

103-1 to 103-3 Management Approach

Statement of Financial Position (AR Pg 100), 

Statement of Comprehensive Income  

(AR Pg 101), Statement of Distributable  

Income (AR Pg 102)

201-1 Direct economic value generated and 

distributed

Energy

103-1 to 103-3 Management Approach

Environmental Management (SR Pg 19)

302-1 Energy consumption within the 

organization

Energy Consumption &amp; Energy Intensity  

(SR Pg 20)

302-3 Energy intensity

Energy Consumption &amp; Energy Intensity  

(SR Pg 20)

Employment

103-1 to 103-3 Management Approach

Human Capital (SR Pg 13)

401-1 New employee hires and employee 

turnover

Workforce Management (SR Pg 13)

Sustainability Report FY2020

27


Topic-Specific

Standard

GRI Disclosure

References and/or Remarks

Occupational Health 

and Safety

103-1 to 103-3 Management Approach

Occupational Health and Safety (SR Pg 16)

403-1 Occupational health and safety 

management system

Occupational Health and Safety (SR Pg 16)

403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and 

incident investigation

Risk Management (SR Pg 9), Occupational Health 

and Safety (SR Pg 16)

403-3 Occupational health services

Occupational Health and Safety (SR Pg 16)

403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and 

communication on occupational health and 

safety

Occupational Health and Safety (SR Pg 16)

403-5 Worker training on occupational health 

and safety

Occupational Health and Safety (SR Pg 16)

403-6 Promotion of worker health

Occupational Health and Safety (SR Pg 16)

403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational 

health and safety impacts directly linked by 

business relationships

Occupational Health and Safety (SR Pg 16)

403-9 Work-related injuries

Occupational Health and Safety (SR Pg 17)

Training and 

Education

103-1 to 103-3 Management Approach

Talent Management and Development (SR Pg 15)

404-1 Average hours of training per year per 

employee

Talent Management and Development (SR Pg 15)

404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular 

performance and career development reviews

Talent Management and Development (SR Pg 15)

Customer Health &amp; 

Safety

103-1 to 103-3 Management Approach

Customer Health and Safety (SR Pg 12)

416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

the health and safety impacts of products and 

services

Customer Health and Safety (SR Pg 12)

Socioeconomic 

Compliance

103-1 to 103-3 Management Approach

Regulatory Compliance (SR Pg 10)

419-1 Non-compliance with laws and regulations 

in the social and economic area

Regulatory Compliance (SR Pg 10)

GRI CONTENT INDEX

28

ARA US HOSPITALITY TRUST





ARA US HOSPITALITY TRUST

5 Temasek Boulevard

#12-01 Suntec Tower Five

Singapore 038985

T: +65 6835 9232

F: +65 6835 9672

