


























































SUSTAINABILITY

REPORT 2020

 

ENDURING. EVOLVING. GROWING.




Pandan Logistics Hub, Singapore






Contents

2  

Introduction 

 

2 

About ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust 

 

2 

Vision, Mission and Values 

 

3 

Board Statement 

 

4 

About this Report 

 

5 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

8 

Materiality Assessment 

11 

Upholding Strong Governance 

 

11 

Sustainability Governance

 

13 

Regulatory Compliance 

 

14 

Risk Management 

 

14 

Ethical Business Conduct 

15 

Delivering Exceptional Value 

 

15  

Quality of Assets and Services 

 

15  

Quality of Suppliers 

 

16 

Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety and

 

 

Security 

 

17  

Security of Information 

18 

Human Capital 

 

19 

Employee Profile 

 

20  

Employee Well-being 

 

21 

Talent Development 

 

22  

Occupational Health and Safety 

23 

Managing Environmental Impacts 

 

23 

Energy and Climate Change 

25 

Methodological Review

26 

GRI Content Index 


Introduction

















Figure 1: The Manager’s Core Values

RESPECT

The Manager treats

all stakeholders

with respect and

consideration at all

times. The Manager

trusts and values 

the contributions of 

each person.

INTEGRITY

The Manager

regards integrity as a

commitment to honour the 

trust placed in ALOG. 

It calls for the Manager 

to be truthful at all times.

The Manager abides

by a strong code of

ethics and upholds the

highest standards of

professional conduct.

EXCELLENCE

The Manager strives

for excellence not

only in financial

performance but also

in every aspect of

managing ALOG.

The Manager always

puts Unitholders’

interests first.

TEAMWORK

The employees of the

Manager support one

another and work in

an environment that

values teamwork

and creativity. The

Manager inspires all

employees to perform

to their maximum

potential.

VISION, MISSION AND VALUES

ALOG’s vision is to provide its customers with the highest 

quality logistics real estate solutions in Asia Pacific.

Its mission is to deliver long-term sustainable growth in 

Distribution Per Unit and Net Asset Value per unit to its 

Unitholders. ALOG aims to continue to create value for all its 

stakeholders through building a strong portfolio and adopting 

the best practices in risk management, corporate governance 

and sustainability. The Manager adopts the core values of 

ARA and LOGOS Groups when conducting its day-to-day 

operational activities.

1 

Includes assets under management by ARA Asset Management Limited and the Group of companies (“ARA Group”) and its Associates.

ABOUT ARA LOGOS LOGISTICS TRUST

Listed on the Singapore Exchange on 12 April 2010, ARA 

LOGOS Logistics Trust (“ALOG”) is a real estate investment 

trust (“REIT”) that invests in quality income-producing industrial 

real estate used for logistics purposes, as well as real estate-

related assets in the Asia Pacific. ALOG is managed by ARA 

LOGOS Logistics Trust Management Limited (the “Manager”).

As at 31 December 2020, ALOG’s portfolio comprises 27 high 

quality logistics warehouse properties strategically located 

in established logistics clusters in Singapore and Australia. 

The portfolio has a total gross floor area of approximately 

9.0 million square feet (“sq ft”) valued at approximately 

S$1.28 billion.

For more information, please visit https://www.aralogos-reit.com/. 

ABOUT ARA LOGOS LOGISTICS TRUST 

MANAGEMENT LIMITED 

ALOG is managed by ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust 

Management Limited (the “Manager”) and ARA LOGOS 

Property Management Pte Ltd (“Property Manager”) as its 

property manager. The Manager and Property Manager are 

both wholly-owned subsidiaries of LOGOS Group (“LOGOS”). 

ARA Asset Management Limited (“ARA” or the “Group”) is 

a majority shareholder of LOGOS, which operates as ARA’s 

global logistics real estate platform. 

LOGOS is one of Asia Pacific’s leading logistics property 

groups with over 7.3 million square metre (“sqm”) of property 

owned and under development, and a completed assets under 

management (“AUM”) of S$14.4 billion across 24 ventures, 

including ALOG. As a vertically integrated business, LOGOS 

manages every aspect of logistics real estate, from sourcing 

land or facilities, to undertaking development and asset 

management, on behalf of some of the world’s leading global 

real estate investors.

ARA is a leading APAC real assets fund manager with a global 

reach. With S$116 billion1 in gross assets under management 

as at 31 December 2020, ARA offers value-added investment 

solutions in both public and private markets, managing listed 

and unlisted real estate investment trusts (REITs) and private 

funds in real estate, infrastructure and credit across 28 

countries. As part of its investor-operator philosophy, the Group 

also operates a real estate management services division with 

local teams to manage its assets worldwide.

ARA’s multi-platform, multi-product global fund management 

business is driven by dedicated teams with in-depth market 

knowledge and local expertise in all countries where it 

operates and invests. The Group strives to work sustainably, is 

mindful of its impact on the environment, and aims to leverage 

technology to work smart and achieve better outcomes for 

its stakeholders. Built on a foundation of strong corporate 

governance and business integrity, ARA manages funds on 

behalf of many of the world’s largest pension funds, sovereign 

wealth funds and financial institutions.

For more information on ARA and LOGOS, please visit https://

www.ara-group.com and https://www.logosproperty.com.

2

A R A  L O G O S 

L O G I S T I C S 

T R U S T






BOARD STATEMENT

ALOG has built its organisation on a 

solid foundation of strong governance 

and operational excellence. With the 

publication of its first sustainability 

report in the financial year ended 

31 December 2017 (“FY2017”), ALOG 

has since continued to improve the 

disclosures of its Environmental, Social 

and Governance (“ESG”) issues in its 

yearly sustainability reports.

This latest sustainability report for the 

financial year ended 31 December 

2020 (“FY2020”) discloses ALOG’s 

performance against its key material 

ESG matters. The Manager conducts 

regular reviews and peer benchmarking 

exercises to ensure its sustainability 

strategy remains aligned with industry 

best practices.

The Board of Directors of the Manager 

(“Board”) drives ALOG’s commitment 

in value creation for all its stakeholders 

through building a strong portfolio 

of properties. ALOG endeavours to 

adopt best-in-class approaches to risk 

management, corporate governance 

and 

sustainability. 

The 

Board 

views this as a key part of ALOG’s 

responsibility to contribute to society, 

not just economically, but also through 

its ESG actions. This includes the 

Manager upholding its high standards 

of corporate governance, overseeing 

fair employment and ensuring the 

efficient use of resources to minimise 

environmental 

footprint 

across 

the 

portfolio.

The Board has approved ALOG’s 

material 

ESG 

matters 

and 

has 

determined their continued relevance for 

the current year. It has considered these 

sustainability issues as part of its strategic 

formulation and oversees the monitoring 

and management of all material ESG 

matters. The Board thus ensures that 

the Manager remains accountable for 

upholding ALOG’s commitment towards 

sustainability.

3

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y 

R E P O R T 

2 0 2 0




ABOUT THIS REPORT

The Manager is pleased to present ALOG’s sustainability 

report, published for FY2020. This report provides an overview 

of ALOG’s ESG impacts and its ongoing efforts in achieving 

sustainable management of its logistics-related properties.

Sustainable Economic Value

By integrating ALOG’s business strategies and operations with 

effective sustainability practices and policies, the Manager aims 

to achieve sustainable economic growth and long-term Unitholder 

value. Accordingly, this report reflects the interrelation between 

ALOG’s sustainability policies, practices and performance, 

and its overall financial performance through the governance, 

socioeconomic and environmental perspectives.

For a detailed breakdown of ALOG’s FY2020 financial results, 

please refer to the Operations and Financial Review section 

(pages 28 to 38) and Financial Statements (pages 102 to 174) 

in ALOG’s Annual Report for FY2020 (“FY2020 Annual Report”)

Reporting Framework

This report has been prepared in accordance with the Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: Core option and the GRI 

Construction and Real Estate Sector Disclosures (“CRESD”), as 

well as the relevant requirements under the 2021 Global Real 

Estate Sustainability Benchmark (“GRESB”)2 Assessment. The 

GRI Standards are internationally recognised and widely used 

as a reporting framework globally. As such, the GRI Standards 

continue to be deemed most relevant for ALOG’s sustainability 

reporting. Where applicable, reference is also drawn from 

the Sustainability Reporting Guide of the SGX-ST Practice 

Note 7.6 in meeting the primary components as set out in 

the SGX-ST Mainboard Listing Rule 711(B). Please refer to the 

GRI Content Index, attached at the end of this report for more 

information. In addition, this report together with other ESG 

information, will be submitted as part of ALOG’s participation 

in the 2021 GRESB Assessment.

Introduction

Reporting Period and Scope

The reporting period covered in this report is for FY2020, from 

1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 with relevant data 

from prior years for comparison. For environmental metrics, 

the report is focused on ALOG’s portfolio of multi-tenanted 

properties, excluding any master lease / single-tenant 

properties where the Manager does not have control over the 

day-to-day operations. When such properties are converted 

to multi-tenanted leases, the Manager will include the relevant 

data in the reports going forward.  

Unless otherwise stated, this report covers the performance 

of ALOG’s portfolio of properties in Singapore and Australia. 

For environmental performance, ALOG uses the equity share 

approach to consolidate performance data from multi-tenanted 

assets in its portfolio based on ownership interests (see Table 

1 for a full list of properties included in the consolidated 

environmental performance disclosures this report. ALOG has 

full ownership of all properties in its portfolio). This approach, 

as outlined in the Greenhouse Gas Protocol (“GHG Protocol”) 

Corporate Standard, allows us to better align our economic 

interests with our outward environmental impacts. Compared 

to ALOG’s Sustainability Report FY2019, this year’s reporting 

scope was expanded to cover five more multi-tenanted assets 

in Australia, in addition to the seven multi-tenanted Singapore 

assets included last year.

For socioeconomic and governance performance, this report 

covers the employees of the Manager, unless stated otherwise.

Assurance

The Manager has not sought external assurance for this reporting 

period. The Manager shall consider external assurance by 

independent professional bodies as our reporting practices 

mature over time.

Contact

The Manager values and welcomes feedback from stakeholders 

as they are integral to ALOG’s sustainability reporting process. 

Please send any comments and/or suggestions on ALOG’s 

reporting disclosures to alog-enquiry@ara-logos.com.

Table 1 Report Scope – Properties Included in this Report

Country

Property

Address

Australia

51 Musgrave Road

51 Musgrave Road, Coopers Plains, Queensland

67-93 National Boulevard3

67-93 National Boulevard, Campbellfield, Victoria

41-51 Mills Road

41-51 Mills Road, Braeside, Victoria

16-24 William Angliss Drive

16-24 William Angliss Drive, Laverton North, Victoria

182-198 Maidstone Street

182-198 Maidstone Street, Altona, Victoria

Singapore

DHL Supply Chain Advanced 

Regional Centre (DSC ARC)

1 Greenwich Drive

ALOG Cold Centre

2 Fishery Port Road

ALOG Changi DistriCentre 24

3 Changi South Street 3

Pandan Logistics Hub

49 Pandan Road

ALOG Changi DistriCentre 1

5 Changi South Lane

ALOG Commodity Hub

24 Penjuru Road

ALOG Gul LogisCentre

15 Gul Way

2 

GRESB is the environmental, social and governance benchmark for real assets. Working in collaboration with the industry, GRESB defines the global standard for 

sustainability performance in real assets, providing standardised and validated ESG data to the capital markets. More than 100 institutional investors, including 

pension funds and insurance companies, use GRESB data and analytical tools to optimize the risk/return profile of their investments. In 2020, more than 1,200 

property companies, real estate investment trusts, funds, and developers participated in the Real Estate Assessment, representing USD 4.8 trillion assets under 

management. The Assessment covers more than 96,000 assets across 64 countries. 

3 

Energy consumption data excludes 67-93 National Boulevard, which was not available at the time of this report.

4 

Announced proposed divestment on 22 April 2021.

For more details on ALOG’s property portfolio, please refer to the FY2020 Annual Report.

4

A R A  L O G O S 

L O G I S T I C S 

T R U S T




STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Stakeholder engagement is a crucial part of ALOG’s business 

and sustainability strategies. Regular engagements with 

stakeholders are conducted through various platforms. These 

engagements provide insights into stakeholders’ concerns and 

allow them to raise any ESG-related issues.

Stakeholder 

Group

Mode of Engagement

Frequency of 

Engagement

Key 

Interests by 

Stakeholder 

Group

ALOG’s Responses in FY2020

Unitholders 

/ Investors

Online investor conferences, 

virtual meetings and 

non-deal roadshows

Regular

Sustainable 

returns 

 

Timely, 

transparent 

and accurate 

disclosures 

 

Effective 

corporate 

governance 

 

Net asset 

value growth 

 

Performance 

of assets

Maintained proactive communication with the 

investment community to keep them updated on 

operational performance, business outlook and 

strategy. 

 

All email / phone correspondences are followed 

through with an internal guideline of responding 

within three business days. 

 

Please refer to page 24 and 25 of the FY2020 

Annual Report for more information.

Announcements of 

distributions

Quarterly

Announcements of 

financial results and 

financial results briefings 

through teleconference

Half-yearly

Informative investor relations 

section of the corporate 

website

Throughout 

the year

Direct email and phone 

correspondences through a 

dedicated investor relations 

team

Throughout 

the year

AGM conducted through 

virtual means

Annually

Publications including 

the Annual Report and 

Sustainability Report

Annually

Existing and 

Prospective 

Tenants

Regular site visits

As necessary

Quality 

assets and 

services 

that cater 

to logistics 

needs 

 

Competitive 

rental rates 

 

Regular 

tenant 

engagement

Pro-actively engaging tenants to understand 

their property-related issues and discuss where /

how ALOG can provide real estate solutions to 

improve their businesses. 

 

Progressively replacing outdated building fixtures 

with more energy- and water-efficient upgrades. 

 

Actively reviewing properties to identify asset 

enhancement initiatives (“AEIs”) that can improve 

operations for existing and new tenants while 

generating higher income and value for ALOG.

Phone calls, notices and 

email correspondences

As required

Tenant engagement events 

(including social lunches, 

tenant survey and festive 

events)

Regular

Meetings through 

teleconference

Ad-hoc / 

Regular

Table 2 Stakeholder Engagement

In FY2020, as the COVID-19 pandemic forced countries and 

cities into lockdowns, we had to find new ways to effectively 

engage our stakeholders while adhering to local government 

requirements so as to continue safeguarding the health and 

safety of our stakeholders. For example, to engage with media 

and investors, we conducted our FY2020 Annual General 

Meeting (“AGM”) via virtual means only. ALOG’s approach 

towards stakeholder engagement activities for FY2020 is 

outlined in Table 2.

5

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y 

R E P O R T 

2 0 2 0




Stakeholder 

Group

Mode of Engagement

Frequency of 

Engagement

Key 

Interests by 

Stakeholder 

Group

ALOG’s Responses in FY2020

Third-Party 

Service 

Providers

Meetings

Ad-hoc / 

Regular

Prompt 

payment 

according to 

deliverables 

 

Cordial 

working 

relationship 

 

Efficient work 

processes 

and 

productivity

Adopted electronic payment processes and 

encouraged vendors to use them for faster 

payment processing. 

 

Post-completion / regular virtual meetings to 

obtain feedback and discuss how to improve 

ALOG-supplier interface and work processes.

Phone calls and email 

correspondences

Ad-hoc / 

Regular

Community

Social and community events

As 

appropriate

Create 

positive 

impacts in 

communities 

where we 

operate 

 

Help the 

vulnerable 

groups in 

society 

 

Foster strong 

community 

ties

The Manager, working closely with ARA 

and LOGOS groups, participated actively in 

employee volunteerism and other community 

engagement activities, which included the SGX 

Bull Charge Virtual Charity Run 2020 and 

ARA Partnership with LifeHouse SG and their 

volunteers to pack (i) 3,000 cheer packs for 

young patients at KK Women’s and Children’s 

Hospital and (ii) 16,000 care packs for cancer 

patients from the National Cancer Centre 

Singapore.

Sponsorships

As 

appropriate

Media engagement

As 

appropriate

Scholarships

As 

appropriate

Employees

Employee satisfaction survey

Biennially

Good 

employee 

welfare and 

working 

environment 

 

Fair 

employment 

practices 

 

Opportunities 

for career 

development 

and 

advancement 

 

Workplace 

health and 

safety 

 

Skills 

development 

and training

The Manager, along with the Group Human 

Resource (“HR”) division of ARA Group, 

participated in training programmes and 

employee welfare events throughout the year.

Employee appraisals

Biannually

Team building activities

Throughout 

the year

Training programmes and 

skills development

Regular

Orientation programme for 

new employees

Regular

Employee volunteering 

activities

Regular

Introduction

6

A R A  L O G O S 

L O G I S T I C S 

T R U S T




Stakeholder 

Group

Mode of Engagement

Frequency of 

Engagement

Key 

Interests by 

Stakeholder 

Group

ALOG’s Responses in FY2020

Government 

Agencies 

and 

Regulators

Participation in online 

industry forums

Regular

Compliance 

with rules and 

regulations 

 

Effective 

corporate 

governance

The Manager continues to participate actively 

in dialogue and feedback sessions held by JTC 

Corporation and various industry associations 

for topics related to the REIT industry and the 

industrial sector. 

 

ALOG participates regularly in the Annual REITs 

Symposium as part of the ARA Group. 

 

The Group is represented in several industry 

bodies such as:

• Association of Real Estate Professionals; 

• Real Estate Investment Trust Association  

 

 (REITAS); 

• Investor Relations Professionals Association  

 Singapore; 

• Securities Investors Association (SIAS); 

• Property Council of Australia; 

• Real Estate Developers’ Association of 

 Singapore (REDAS); 

• Singapore Chinese Chamber of Commerce &amp;

 Industry; 

• Singapore Green Building Council; and 

• Singapore Institute of Directors.

Virtual meetings and 

dialogue sessions

As 

appropriate



223 Viking Drive, Wacol, Queensland, Australia

7

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y 

R E P O R T 

2 0 2 0




Introduction

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

The Manager determines material ESG-related matters that 

have significant impacts on ALOG and its various stakeholders. 

These issues influence the decision-making process of the 

stakeholders and consequently affect ALOG’s achievement of 

short- and long-term goals. In FY2020, the Manager performed 

a review of ALOG’s existing material matters. After evaluating 

emerging sustainability issues in our business environment 

and concerns from our stakeholders, we reaffirmed that the 

current set of material matters continue to be relevant. The 

continued relevance of ALOG’s material sustainability matters 

were reviewed and approved by the Board. Going forward, 

we plan to engage external stakeholders in our review of the 

material sustainability matters.

 

FY2017 / 2018

FY2019

FY2020

Identification of 

Sustainability 

Matters

A formal materiality assessment workshop was 

conducted by an independent Sustainability 

Consultant with active participation of key 

representatives from the Manager and the 

Property Manager to identify the sustainability 

matters most relevant and significant to ALOG's 

internal and external stakeholders. 

A list of potential sustainability matters and 

associated risks and opportunities was identified 

through:

•  Peer benchmarking review of material matters

•  Identification of internal and external 

stakeholders

•  Discussion with key management 

representatives to understand their concerns, 

and the concerns of key external stakeholders 

with whom they communicate with.

In the financial year ended 

31 December 2019 

(“FY2019”), the material 

matters were reviewed to 

ensure their relevance. 

This validation included a 

fresh peer benchmarking 

exercise to ensure ALOG's 

sustainability efforts are 

in line with industry best 

practice. 

 

The continued relevance 

of ALOG's material 

sustainability matters were 

reviewed and approved 

by the Board.

In FY2020, the material 

matters were reviewed to 

ensure their relevance to 

ALOG. 

 

The continued relevance 

of ALOG's material 

sustainability matters were 

reviewed and approved by 

the Board.

Prioritisation

These sustainability matters were then prioritised 

through an unbiased, anonymous electronic 

voting exercise. The following set of criteria 

was used to determine the significance of each 

matter:

• Relevance to ALOG's business model, 

strategies and outcomes

• Likelihood and impact on the continuity of the 

business

• Influence on decision-making processes of key 

internal and external stakeholders.

Validation

The results of the materiality voting exercise 

were further validated by benchmarking against 

other REIT Managers in the sector. Based on this 

validated list of material sustainability matters, 

the Manager put in place systems to incorporate 

sustainability across various business functions.

Review

A final materiality assessment was conducted to 

evaluate the relevance of the material matters 

to determine their impact on internal and 

external stakeholders. From the assessment, 

the Manager has distilled five most critical 

sustainability matters and three additional 

sustainability matters for reporting. These 

material sustainability matters were presented 

by the Sustainability Consultant at an ALOG 

Board Meeting and approved by the Board.

A similar review was then repeated in the 

financial year ended 31 December 2018

(“FY2018”).

Table 3 Materiality Assessment Process

8

A R A  L O G O S 

L O G I S T I C S 

T R U S T




High Priority

(Material Sustainability Matters)

Material Matters 

(In no particular 

order of importance)

Report 

Section

Materiality to ALOG

Topic Boundary

Corporate 

Governance

Governance

Good corporate governance is the 

foundation for a successful, trusted 

and respected business organisation. 

The Manager believes that an effective 

corporate governance culture is critical 

to its performance and the success of 

ALOG. Lapses in governance practices 

may lead to regulatory non-compliances, 

fines and non-monetary sanctions, and 

reputational damages.

By upholding a high standard of corporate 

governance, the Manager protects values 

for Unitholders who invest in ALOG on the 

SGX-ST.

Quality of Assets 

and Services

Quality of 

Assets and 

Services

The Manager believes that the quality of 

asset and property management services 

is critical to ensuring tenant satisfaction. 

High quality assets, along with regular 

upkeep and maintenance, attract and 

retain quality tenants. In achieving high 

rental and occupancy rates, the Manager 

strives to deliver sustainable returns to 

Unitholders.

By providing high quality logistics assets, 

the Manager enables its tenants in 

Singapore and Australia to operate 

smoothly and efficiently. Through the 

Manager’s business relationship with its 

tenants, our high-quality assets and services 

are a part of an efficient logistics systems 

that enables the delivery of both essential 

and valuable goods to tenants’ customers.

Tenant and Visitor 

Health, Safety and 

Security

Tenant 

and Visitor 

Health, 

Safety and 

Security

The health, safety and security of tenants 

and visitors is one of the main focuses of 

ALOG’s long-term sustainability. A safe 

and healthy workplace ensures smooth 

operations for our tenants. Sufficient 

security measures protect our tenants’ 

assets against losses or damages.

The Manager strives to protect the health 

and safety of its tenants and visitors within 

ALOG’s properties in Singapore and 

Australia by adhering to strict health and 

safety standards.

Occupational 

Health and Safety

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety

We believe we have a moral 

responsibility to take good care of 

our people, especially during trying 

times like the year of 2020. A healthy 

workforce ensures the smooth operation 

of the organisation. Positive morale and 

job satisfaction also contribute directly 

to productivity. 

The Manager protects the health and 

safety of its employees in Singapore by 

providing a conducive and safe workplace 

environment. 

Energy 

Consumption and 

Carbon Footprint

Energy and 

Climate 

Change

Climate change is one of the most 

significant challenges facing our society 

today. As a major owner of logistics 

properties, ALOG can play a positive 

role in building sustainable and resilient 

logistics infrastructure. By investing in 

sustainable and climate-resilient assets, 

we enjoy cost savings from renewable 

energy sources while addressing 

climate-related regulatory and physical 

risks. Proactive responses to climate 

change also open up new business 

opportunities with potential tenants who 

are environmentally-conscious.

Our operations and tenants who lease 

our properties in Singapore and Australia 

consume electricity. Some of this electricity 

is generated from the combustion of fossil 

fuels that contributes to climate change. 

Some of our properties are also equipped 

with industrial cold rooms and freezers that 

are energy intensive.

9

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y 

R E P O R T 

2 0 2 0




Chosen for Reporting

(Additional Sustainability Matters)

Security of 

Information

Security of 

Information

The ever-changing information 

technology (“IT”) landscape and 

emerging cyber threats pose risks 

and vulnerabilities to stakeholders’ 

confidential data and information. Any 

breakdown in IT controls can cause 

data breaches and result in significant 

legal and reputational costs to the 

organisation, in addition to potential loss 

of commercial secrets and competitive 

information.

The Manager has established IT controls

and processes to safeguard the confidential 

information of stakeholders and specifically 

to comply with Singapore’s Personal Data 

Protection Act. Various IT controls are 

also implemented to prevent, detect and 

respond to threats concerning data security 

and confidentiality at ALOG’s properties. 

These controls include firewalls, server 

encryption and restricted access rights.

Employment 

Practices

Employee 

Well-being

Taking care of our people goes beyond 

providing them with a safe and healthy 

workplace. “Respect” being one of our 

core values, we believe every employee 

should be treated fairly and kindly. 

High employee satisfaction and fair 

employment practices help us retain 

talents.

The Manager promotes well-being of its 

employees by adopting fair employment 

practices and providing employment 

benefits.

Talent Development

Talent 

Development

The Manager believes that talent 

development and succession planning 

are crucial to ALOG’s long-term 

sustainability. Through training and 

development programmes, we help our 

employees gain relevant new skills and 

knowledge in an evolving economic 

environment. With these new skills and 

knowledge, we are able to address new 

challenges as we pursue our mission.

The Manager promotes career progress 

and development of its employees in 

Singapore.

In addition, the Manager recognises that to drive performance, 

it is necessary to have mid and long-term quantitative targets 

for ALOG’s material sustainability matters. In FY2020, 

the Manager reviewed and confirmed the relevance of all 

targets for Environmental, Governance and Social aspects. 

A peer benchmarking exercise was also conducted to ensure 

that ALOG’s targets set are in line with industry standards. 

These targets were presented and approved by the Board and 

disclosed in the respective sections that follow.

Introduction

10

A R A  L O G O S 

L O G I S T I C S 

T R U S T




OUR APPROACH

Good corporate governance is the foundation for a 

successful, trusted and respected business organisation. The 

Manager strives to uphold the highest standards of corporate 

governance, integrity and accountability through sustainable 

governance based on its corporate governance framework.

The corporate governance framework comprises oversight of 

the Board, involvement of independent internal and external 

auditors, as well as an established system of policies, 

procedures and internal controls. In upholding the corporate 

governance standards, the Manager acts in the best interests 

of Unitholders to deliver regular and stable distributions and 

achieve long-term growth in the asset value of its properties.

For more details on ALOG’s Corporate Governance, 

please refer to the Corporate Governance section in 

the FY2020 Annual Report.

Upholding 

Strong Governance

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE

The Manager has established an ALOG Sustainability 

Working Committee (the “Committee”), which consists of the 

Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and senior representatives 

from finance, investor relations and asset management 

functions. The Committee takes the lead in improving ALOG’s 

sustainability reporting practices, reviewing and updating 

performance targets and developing responsible business 

practices in accordance with ALOG’s sustainability strategy. 

The Committee’s role in ALOG’s sustainability governance 

is further supported by the ARA Group Governance &amp; 

Sustainability team and LOGOS Group Sustainability 

Advisory Committee, who are responsible for implementing 

sustainability strategies across ARA and LOGOS Groups. 

The Committee reports to the Board at least once annually on 

ALOG’s sustainability performance.

The Manager has adopted both ARA and LOGOS Groups’ 

sustainability policies and implemented it through a set of ESG 

policies and procedures that are tailored for the management 

of logistics assets. Please refer to pages 12–13 on a summary 

of sustainability policies which apply to ALOG.



















ALOG’s Sustainability Governance and Organisational Structure

11

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y 

R E P O R T 

2 0 2 0



ARA LOGOS

LOGISTICS TRUST

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

ARA LOGOS LOGISTICS TRUST

Sustainability Working Committee

CEO

Assistant

Director,

Finance

Director,

Asset

Management

Manager,

Investor

Relations

LOGOS Group

Sustainability

Advisory Committee

supported by

ARA Group

Sustainability Steering 

Committee


In FY2020, the Committee conducted an annual review on 

the effectiveness of ALOG’s sustainability management system 

and concluded that robust policies and practices have been 

ARA GROUP-LEVEL POLICIES5

Category

Topic

Governance

Anti-Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism

Authorisation Grid

Board Diversity

Board Performance Evaluation

Code of Corporate Governance

Code of Ethics

Communications

Compliance with ESG Laws and Regulations

Crisis Management

Cybersecurity

Deal Allocation

Enterprise Risk Management

Governance Matrix

Group Compliance

Intellectual Property Rights

Internal Code on Securities Dealing

Outsourcing

Shareholder Rights

Staff Declaration

Supplier Code of Conduct

Treasury

Valuation

Whistle Blowing

Social

Community Development

Diversity and Equal Opportunities

Employment

Labour Management Relations

Performance and Career Development

Personal Data Protection

Quality of Assets and Services

Stakeholder Engagement

Environmental

Biodiversity and Habitat

Climate Change

Energy Consumption and Management

Environmental Management System

GHG Emissions and Management

Indoor Environmental Quality

Material Sourcing and Sustainable Procurement

Pollution Prevention

Resilience to Catastrophe and Disaster

Waste Management

Water Consumption and Management

in place to manage the key material matters identified. A list 

of ARA Group’s sustainability policies adopted by ALOG is 

appended below.

Upholding 

Strong Governance

5  ARA Group has recently reviewed and updated its corporate policies on ESG topics to reflect new trends and developments in the business environment. The 

refreshed set of group-level policies took effect on 1 February 2021.

12

A R A  L O G O S 

L O G I S T I C S 

T R U S T




REGULATORY COMPLIANCE

The Manager seeks to uphold its ethical principles based 

on ARA’s core values of Respect, Excellence, Integrity and 

Teamwork in all its business activities. Accordingly, the 

Manager adopts a comprehensive Compliance Framework 

established by the ARA Group to ensure that ALOG fully 

complies with the relevant laws and regulations.

Working closely with ARA Corporate Division and external legal 

professionals on legal and regulatory matters, the Manager 

puts in place effective internal controls and procedures that 

embed Compliance into ALOG’s day-to-day operations. The 

Manager proactively consults relevant authorities such as the 

Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) and SGX-ST, and 

provides frequent feedback on regulatory regimes.

The Manager’s approach towards compliance is implemented 

through the following measures:

LOGOS GROUP-LEVEL POLICIES

Sustainability 

Policy

LOGOS strives to create value for stakeholders through addressing material environmental, social and 

governance impacts from its operations and ensuring ethical leadership for organisational growth and 

success.

ICT Security 

Policy

The ICT Security Policy defines the security requirements for the proper and secure use of the information 

technology services in LOGOS to protect LOGOS information security and information technology, and its 

employees against security threats that could jeopardise privacy, reputation and business outcomes.

Health, Safety 

and Well-being 

Policy 

LOGOS recognises that the health, safety and well-being of our people, external stakeholders, and 

communities in which we work, is essential to the success of our business. This extends to tenants, 

contractors, customers and visitors.

Compliance Control Self-Assessment

The Compliance Control Self-Assessment process evaluates 

the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls addressing 

compliance risks in specific areas. It is certified annually by 

the Manager.

Training on the Latest Regulatory Developments

The Board and the Manager attend training workshops on 

updates to regulatory requirements, such as the Securities &amp; 

Futures Act, Common Reporting Standards, MAS guidelines 

and regulations, Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act and 

Singapore Financial Reporting Standards. This is facilitated by 

the ARA Corporate Division and external professionals.

Monitoring

The Company Secretaries and Internal Auditors ensure that 

Board procedures are duly followed and regularly reviewed 

for compliance. Material non-compliances or weaknesses, 

together with recommendations for improvements, are reported 

to the Audit Committee.





Perpetual Target

Performance for FY2020



Target and Performance





validated cases of non-compliance 

with all relevant laws and regulations

ZERO

Achieved

13

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y 

R E P O R T 

2 0 2 0



These policies are complemented by a set of LOGOS Group’s sustainability policies that are applicable to ALOG:


RISK MANAGEMENT

The Manager adopts a comprehensive approach towards risk 

management in safeguarding ALOG’s assets against material 

losses. The Board, with the support of the Audit Committee 

(“AC”), has oversight over the Manager’s system of risk 

management and internal controls. ALOG’s Enterprise Risk 

Management (“ERM”) framework covers the management 

of ALOG’s strategic enterprise, operational, financial and 

compliance risks, whilst taking into consideration relevant ESG 

risks. The Manager reports updates to the risk profiles on a 

quarterly basis to the AC.

The Manager has adopted prudent investment strategies, 

effective asset management and proactive stakeholder 

engagement in managing its strategic risks. The aim is to 

balance risks and returns across its portfolio and achieve 

sustainable long-term growth. The Manager manages 

risks in day-to-day operations including human capital 

management. As such, the Manager has established policies 

on compensation, employee benefits and succession planning. 

In addition, the Manager has put in place various measures 

at ALOG’s properties to manage operational risks related to 

quality of assets and services and health and safety.

The Manager also manages the financial risks related to 

ALOG’s capital structure and financial position. Together with 

ALOG’s internal control activities, the ERM framework seeks 

to provide assurance in compliance with applicable laws and 

regulations in various jurisdictions. The Board is updated on 

ALOG’s overall risk profile and key risk areas on a quarterly 

basis, including the assessment of internal controls and 

mitigating actions.

The Corporate Governance Report, found on pages 71 

to 94 of the FY2020 Annual Report, sets out the corporate 

governance policies and practices that are in compliance with 

the principles of the Code of Corporate Governance.

ETHICAL BUSINESS CONDUCT

The Manager seeks to uphold its ethical principles based 

on ARA’s core values of Respect, Excellence, Integrity and 

Teamwork and integrates them throughout its business 

operations. The Manager adheres to ARA’s Governance 

Policies and measures put in place against fraud, corruption, 

insider trading and misuse of confidential information. All new 

employees are provided with training on the Governance 

Policies as part of the Manager’s induction training, where 

emphasis is placed on zero tolerance towards wrongdoings 

and breaches. Existing staff annually reaffirm their declarations 

on compliance with the Codes, and any non-compliance will 

lead to disciplinary actions.





Perpetual Target

Performance for FY2020



Target and Performance





ZERO

Achieved

validated cases of corruption, fraud 

and non-compliance with the policies

Upholding 

Strong Governance

14

A R A  L O G O S 

L O G I S T I C S 

T R U S T




QUALITY OF ASSETS AND SERVICES

Our Approach

The Manager believes that the quality of asset and property 

services is critical to ensuring tenant satisfaction. High quality 

assets, along with regular upkeep and maintenance, attract 

and retain quality tenants. In achieving high rental and 

occupancy rates, the Manager strives to deliver sustainable 

returns to Unitholders. 

The Manager has put in place a comprehensive investment 

and asset management policy. Strategically, it focuses on 

acquiring stable income-producing properties in locations 

with good logistics networks. It also constantly explores 

opportunities to enhance its portfolio assets and improve 

operational efficiency. The properties should be well-designed 

and up-to-date so that maintenance and capital expenditure 

will be lower as compared to older assets. 

Relevant environmental and technical assessments are 

conducted on aspects such as structural safety, mechanical 

and electrical systems, and energy efficiencies. In its day-

to-day management, the Manager works closely with the 

Property Manager to improve the sustainable performance 

of properties through maintenance and upgrading (i.e. asset 

enhancements). Regular feedbacks from tenants are gathered 

to better understand and meet their needs.

Asset Enhancement Initiatives (“AEIs”)

• DSC ARC – ALOG has customised and converted 

56,000 sq ft of ambient warehouse to air-conditioned 

space to accommodate the tenant’s operational 

requirements for storage of temperature-sensitive 

healthcare products.

• ALOG Gul LogisCentre – ALOG carried out 

customisation of warehouse units to meet specific tenant 

requirements. Enhancements include upgrading from 

low tension to high tension power supply, installation 

of LED high bay lighting, relocating internal roller 

shutter openings, creating new parameter openings 

and an external ramp, building a raised platform and 

a new wall. These enhancements, which commenced 

in FY2020 and were completed in April 2021, 

helped ALOG secure a new lease with a major tenant, 

achieving a 100% occupancy rate for the property and 

secured higher rental income.

Delivering 

Exceptional Value

• ALOG Commodity Hub – As the main office block is 

fully leased out, ALOG converted the under-utilised 

office reception lobby into additional office spaces for 

tenants. This helped to secure leases for both office and 

warehouse spaces and increased ALOG Commodity 

Hub’s lettable area.

The Manager aims to maintain a strong portfolio occupancy 

by delivering high-quality assets and services. In FY2020, 

the Manager’s proactive asset management policy has 

added value to its tenants’ operational efficiency, resulting in 

a high committed portfolio occupancy rate of 98.5% as of 

31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: 95.3%). ALOG’s 

Singapore portfolio occupancy rate of 98.7% was above the 

Singapore warehouse market’s occupancy rate of 89.9% for 

warehouses.7

QUALITY OF SUPPLIERS

ALOG seeks to promote sustainability in its supply chain processes 

and appoint responsible and ethical suppliers. The Manager 

and Property Manager work closely with active suppliers in 

areas such as cleaning, security, pest control, waste disposal, 

landscaping, mechanical, electrical &amp; plumbing maintenance, 

fire protection maintenance, general building works, electricity 

retailer etc. Potential vendors undergo a thorough procurement 

process which ensures that quality suppliers are selected based 

on their price, value, business ethics and compliance with 

applicable socioeconomic and environmental regulations. The 

relevant suppliers are required to provide information on their 

risk management plans in accordance with the workplace health 

and safety regulations and their track record in green projects 

and initiatives. Most of our suppliers in Singapore achieved 

bizSafe certification, whilst the Australian suppliers are subject 

to the independent third-party Property Manager’s verifications. 

Every year, the Manager and Property Manager evaluate the 

performance of these suppliers based on the timeliness and 

quality of delivery, response time to queries, compliance with 

contract terms and conditions, tenant’s feedback and regulatory 

licence. Suppliers who achieve overall satisfactory performance 

and above will remain on the approved vendor list, while 

suppliers with unacceptable performance are removed from 

vendor list and prohibited from providing services to ALOG in 

the future. Approved vendors will be invited for quotation or 

tender processes.

6 

JTC island-wide warehouse sector. 

7 

JTC Quarterly Market Report Industrial Properties - 4Q 2020.





Perpetual Target

Performance for FY2020



Target and Performance





Achieved

Maintain a strong portfolio occupancy rate 

above the Singapore industrial average6

15

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y 

R E P O R T 

2 0 2 0








Perpetual Target

Performance for FY2020



Target and Performance





Achieved

TENANT AND VISITOR HEALTH, SAFETY AND 

SECURITY

Our Approach

The health, safety and security of tenants and visitors is one 

of the main focuses of ALOG’s long-term sustainability. The 

Manager actively upholds the maintenance and upkeep of the 

properties and responds swiftly to potential disruptions and 

challenges. As part of providing a safe workplace environment 

for its tenants and visitors, the Manager has installed Security 

Access control system (with access barriers and electromagnetic 

locks), closed-circuit televisions and deployed security guards 

at its properties.

As a key part of ALOG’s “safety first” mindset, regular safety 

inspections are carried out by the Property Manager at the 

properties to prevent accidents or related health issues.  For its 

multi-tenanted properties in Singapore, the Property Manager 

appoints a licensed pest control company to carry out weekly 

mosquito and monthly pest control.

ALOG’s properties in Singapore comply with the Singapore 

Civil Defence Force (“SCDF”) fire safety standards, with an 

Emergency Response Plan in place. Licensed security officers 

assigned from security firms patrol the properties regularly. 

In addition, a designated Fire Safety Manager (“FSM”) is 

appointed for each property. Following SCDF guidelines, the 

FSM conducts two table-top exercises and two fire evacuation 

drills annually. A Fire Evacuation Drill report, including details 

on the evacuation procedures, list of participants, total time 

taken for the evacuation process and recommendations for 

improvements, is submitted to the Property Manager following 

every fire drill. The FSM also ensures that the fire-fighting 

system is well maintained and secured from tampering, while 

the properties’ escape routes are clearly communicated to the 

tenants and are free of obstructions.

All licensed security officers contracted by ALOG in Singapore 

are certified under the Company Emergency Response Team 

(“CERT”) Scheme, while some employees of the Property 

Manager have been specially trained as first responders. 

Together, they are responsible for preventing emergencies 

from escalating into major disasters at ALOG’s properties. 

Extensive information on safety procedures and house rules 

are provided to tenants via the Tenant Handbook, which 

contains a detailed guide on instructions and rules for fitout 

works at their premises.

Regular site inspections, as well as external safety audits, 

are conducted regularly on a rotational basis to assess the 

effectiveness of safety standards and procedures. These audits 

identify and assess building integrity issues and potential 

safety lapses. Audit findings are followed up diligently by 

the Property Manager. Examples of follow-up actions include 

replacing faulty light fixtures and blurred mirrors. ALOG also 

engages professional structural engineers to conduct Periodic 

Structural Inspection every five years. 

During the acquisition process, qualified professional 

consultants are appointed by the Manager to determine the 

health and safety characteristics of prospective properties. 

The consultants perform checks on the building’s architectural 

plans, mechanical and electrical systems, fire compliance and 

structural integrity tests to uncover any potential health and 

safety issues.

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we stepped up 

our on-premises safety measures to protect the health of our 

tenants and visitors. To facilitate effective contact tracing, 

we supplemented our existing visitor logs with government 

mandated SafeEntry system at all Singapore properties. All 

visitors are required to go through temperature screening 

before entering the properties. We have also implemented 

additional cleaning and disinfection procedures, especially 

on high-touch surfaces such as lift buttons and hand grips. To 

facilitate good personal hygiene and minimise transmissions, 

we provide hand sanitiser in high traffic areas like lift lobbies.

validated cases of non-compliance 

with regulations and voluntary codes 

concerning health and safety across 

the properties

ZERO

To conduct annual emergency response drills in 

preparation for any potential natural disaster or a 

black-out at its properties

Achieved. Instead of the usual emergency 

response drills which were cancelled in FY2020 

due to the COVID-19 pandemic, a simulated 

table-top drill was carried out

Delivering 

Exceptional Value

16

A R A  L O G O S 

L O G I S T I C S 

T R U S T




SECURITY OF INFORMATION

Our Approach

The ever-changing IT landscape and emerging cyber threats 

pose risks and vulnerabilities to stakeholders’ confidential data 

and information. Any breakdown in IT controls can cause data 

breaches and result in significant legal and reputational costs 

to the organisation. The Manager has established IT controls 

and processes to safeguard the confidential information of 

stakeholders and specifically to comply with Singapore’s 

Personal Data Protection Act. 

Various IT controls are implemented to prevent, detect and 

respond to threats concerning data security and confidentiality 

at ALOG’s properties. These controls include firewalls, server 

encryption and restricted access rights. In addition, the ARA 

Group has established an IT Disaster Recovery Plan (“IT DRP”) 

that serves to minimise the Manager’s operational downtime 

and data loss, while ensuring a stable and orderly recovery. 

Briefings are held on a periodic basis to familiarise employees 

with the IT DRP procedures. Regular IT DRP exercises are 

carried out to simulate a disaster scenario where participants 

are relocated to an offsite centre with ready access to IT systems 

and restored database and files from the cloud backup.

In FY2020, when the COVID-19 pandemic struck, the high 

level of preparedness and resilience in the IT systems allowed 

all employees of the Manager to work from home while 

ensuring continued operations of critical supply chain and 

logistics infrastructures. To address emerging cybersecurity 

threats, employees of the Manager and the Property Manager 

received additional IT security trainings specifically tailored 

for remote working arrangements. These trainings are also 

integrated into LOGOS’ Compliance Training calendar which 

requires every employee to attend one refresher session 

every year.

Table 4 Incidents Concerning Health and Safety for All Properties

Incidents concerning health and safety at ALOG’s properties

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

Non-compliance with regulations resulting in a fine or penalty

1

1

0

Non-compliance with regulations resulting in a warning

1

0

0

Non-compliance with voluntary codes

0

0

0

In FY2020, there were no incidents of non-compliance with regulations or voluntary codes concerning health and safety at 

ALOG’s properties.8





Perpetual Target

Performance for FY2020



Target and Performance





data breaches

ZERO

ZERO

Achieved

Achieved

validated cases of non-compliance 

with the Personal Data Protection Act 

(“PDPA”)

8 

In April 2021, the Manager received a notice from Singapore National Environment Agency (“NEA”) regarding mosquito breeding detected during a routine 

inspection of 2 Fishery Port Road in October 2020. The Manager has instructed the property manager to conduct a thorough investigation and implement 

corrective actions to rectify the situation, pending final enforcement decisions from NEA.

17

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y 

R E P O R T 

2 0 2 0




Human capital and development is a key part of ALOG’S 

growth strategy. This is achieved by continuously engaging 

and developing all employees through five main strategic 

focuses as described below:

1. Talent Strategy and Planning: Enhance internal talent 

bench strength to support business growth through talent 

development and retention.

2. Talent Acquisition: Hire the right talent and profile to grow 

with the organisation.

Human 

Capital

3. High Performance Culture: Build a high-performance 

culture that drives the individual and corporation to achieve 

superior results.

4. Employee 

Connectivity 

and 

Engagement: 

Enhance 

employee connectivity and engagement through creating 

a family-oriented culture within an MNC environment.

5. Business Driven: Align Human Resources (“HR”) framework 

with business needs and place it in the centre of business 

growth.

HR STRATEGY 

FRAMEWORK

Talent Strategy and 

Planning

Develop Business 

Driven HR

Talent 

Acquisition

Build High 

Performance 

Culture

Build 

Employee 

Connectivity 

and

 Engagement

18

A R A  L O G O S 

L O G I S T I C S 

T R U S T




EMPLOYEE PROFILE

The Manager, as guided by ARA’s and LOGOS’ HR practices, 

believes strongly in investing in its people and creating an 

inclusive, diverse and collaborative workplace. The Manager, 

focusing on employee wellness, talent development and 

occupational health and safety, strives to become an employer 

of choice. The Manager has provided stable employment 

since its listing with no layoff through redundancy. ALOG’s 

staff turnover rate is low despite the competitive nature of the 

fund management industry. 

Table 7 Number and Rate of Employee Turnover During FY2020, by Gender and Age Group10

Table 5 Number of employees by Gender, Age Group and Category9

As at 31 December 2020, the Manager employs 13 full-

time, permanent employees (the Manager employed 12 full-

time permanent employees as at 31 December 2019). The 

Manager has maintained a diverse workforce in terms of age 

and gender, where majority of the employees are within the 

31 to 50 years age group with good gender balance of male 

and female employees. The Manager currently has no part-

time or fixed term / contract / temporary employees and all 

employees of the Manager are based in Singapore. In addition, 

all significant activities of the Manager are performed by its 

employees. There is no significant variation in the total number 

of employees during the reporting period.

9 

For more details on the Management and Property Management Team, please refer to Pages 20 to 23 in the FY2020 Annual Report.

10 All employees, new hires and turnovers are based in Singapore.

Gender

Male

Female

Age group

Less than 30 

years old

30-50 

years old

More than 

50 years old

Less than 

30 years old

30-50 

years old

More than 

50 years old

Employee 

category

Executive

0

0

0

2

1

0

Middle Management

0

1

0

0

4

0

Senior Management 

0

1

2

0

2

0

Table 6 Number and Rate of New Hires During FY2020, by Gender and Age Group10

Age group

Less than 30 years old

30-50 years old

More than 50 years old

Gender

Male

0 

(0.0%)

0 

(0.0%)

0 

(0.0%)

Female

0 

(0.0%)

2 

(15.4%)

0 

(0.0%)

Age group

Less than 30 years old

30-50 years old

More than 50 years old

Gender

Male

0 

(0.0%)

0 

(0.0%)

1 

(7.7%)

Female

0 

(0.0%)

0 

(0.0%)

0 

(0.0%)

19

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y 

R E P O R T 

2 0 2 0




EMPLOYEE WELL-BEING

The Manager supports fair employment practices and abides 

by all applicable employment laws and regulations, such as 

the Employment Act and the Central Provident Fund Act in 

Singapore. The Manager has also signed a pledge with the 

Tripartite Alliance for Fair &amp; Progressive Employment Practices 

(“TAFEP”) and embraces diversity by hiring talent from different 

backgrounds and provides equitable opportunities to its 

employees. All employees are provided with the Employee 

Handbook which details its human resource policies, 

employment terms, benefits and entitlements. 

The Manager’s employees, regardless of position, age 

and gender are entitled to benefits such as life insurance, 

health care, disability and invalidity insurance coverage, 

compassionate leave, marriage leave, retirement provision 

and parental leave.

Regular employee satisfaction surveys are conducted to 

understand the employees’ needs and concerns. In the recent 

Wellness Survey conducted, a preference for flexi-work hours 

and more team building exercises was highlighted. In response, 

ARA Group introduced flexible working hours arrangements. 

Going forward, similar surveys will be conducted to gauge 

employees’ satisfaction and hear their suggestions.

In FY2020, due to restrictions on social gatherings, the 

Manager was not able to organise large in-person social events, 

sports and fitness programmes or team-building activities. 

Using online platforms, however, health and well-being are 

promoted at LOGOS through a number of resources, starting 

with the Employee Assistance Program (EAP) service which is 

accessible to each region where LOGOS has a presence in. 

Through these forums, various local and group wide well-being 

programs were conducted to enhance connectivity across the 

teams as well as to provide some personal health focus. These 

social and activity-based programs include:

• Remote working health and well-being program, which 

was held over the course of nine weeks. The program 

provided employees and their families access to weekly 

personal training sessions run via video conference, 

nutritional publications and tailored physiotherapy tutorials 

to promote comfortable working from home arrangements.

• Mental well-being initiative to provide access to the practice 

of mindfulness through a company-funded subscription to a 

recognised meditation and mindfulness app.

• The launch of the LOGOS Health and Well-being Intranet 

site, which was established as centralized data point of 

useful resources, including how to work from home with 

kids and educational resources for home-based learning.

The Manager understands the importance of maintaining 

a sense of connectedness to promote mental well-being 

and found innovative ways to connect our employees. 

Technology has bridged the distance by enabling effective 

virtual communications during lockdown. Business units have 

adapted to the new working environment and keeps everyone 

connected through daily team meetings, virtual coffee catch-

up, and weekly company updates. ARA’s weekly newsletter, 

InsideARA - Staying Connected, keeps all our staff engaged 

and united during this difficult time. Employees shared stories 

on coping with the pandemic and lockdowns in their respective 

countries, reminding one another that we are all in this fight 

together. We also shared tips and resources to maintain our 

mental and physical wellness.





Perpetual Target

Performance for FY2020



Target and Performance





validated cases of non-compliance 

with employment regulations or acts 

concerning employee rights

ZERO

Achieved

Human 

Capital

20

A R A  L O G O S 

L O G I S T I C S 

T R U S T




TALENT DEVELOPMENT

Our Approach

The Manager believes that talent development and succession 

planning are crucial to ALOG’s long-term sustainability and 

adopts the ARA Performance and Career Development Policy. 

This policy details a well-structured employment category 

and grading system which provides career progression 

opportunities, job rotation and training. 

Adopting an Open Appraisal System, the CEO and Heads 

of Departments (“HODs”) meet the employees for a face-to-

face discussion on their individual performance, areas of 

responsibilities and improvement. To promote a responsible 

culture, the Manager also integrates performance towards 

ESG targets in the employee remuneration incentive structure. 

A mid-year review session is conducted to provide feedback 

and guidance to employees. High performers are identified 

and groomed for potential leadership positions. The Manager 

believes in investing in learning and development initiatives to 

build a competent team that will drive the long-term success of 

ALOG. The ARA Group’s HR department works closely with the 

CEO and HODs to identify the learning needs of employees 

based on each individual’s performance appraisal and the 

ARA Competency Framework of Self Mastery, People Skills, 

Strategic Alignment and Business Alignment. 

The ARA Group’s HR department supports the Manager with 

suitable training programmes where employees are kept 

updated on their individual training needs and the relevant 

courses to attend. A bi-annual training newsletter is also 

circulated to all staff to keep them informed of the latest training 

trends and developments.





Perpetual Target

Performance for FY2020



Target and Performance





average training hours per employee 

annually, through implementation of 

an e-training module which allows 

employees to apply for courses and 

track their training progress

26

Achieved

In FY2020, the Manager surpassed its target with an average 

of 35.4 training hours per employee (FY2019: 40.4 hours). 

The decrease in average training hours can be partly attributed 

to the unavailability of in-person training sessions due to 

COVID-19 safety measures. In addition, all employees received 

regular performance and development reviews in FY2020.

Table 8 Average Number of Employee Training Hours by Gender

Gender

2018

2019

2020

Male

40.5

40.0

42.6

Female

50.3

40.7

32.2

Table 9 Average Number of Employee Training Hours by 

Employee Category

Employee category

2018

2019

2020

Executive

55.1

37.3

35.3

Middle Management

51.5

47.7

28.9

Senior Management 

37.6

38.6

42.0

21

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y 

R E P O R T 

2 0 2 0




OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

Our Approach

The Manager values the health, safety and well-being of its 

employees as positive morale and job satisfaction contribute 

directly to productivity. In line with the Tenant and Visitor 

Health, Safety and Security initiatives mentioned, the Manager 

actively promotes a safety culture with a focus to provide a 

safe workplace, free of injury. The Manager is committed to 

providing a healthy and safe environment for its employees 

and seeks to ensure that operations comply with the relevant 

Occupational Health and Safety regulations.

As part of the LOGOS Group, we have proactively 

implemented an occupational health and safety (“OHS”) 

management framework that meets the legal requirements in 

countries where we operate and is designed to mitigate or 

minimise known OHS risks across the business. Policies and 

elements of the framework are driven from the Group Health, 

Safety and Wellbeing Policy and integrated into key business 

functions. 

To effectively identify and eliminate work-related hazards 

and minimise OHS risks, LOGOS has established an internal 

HSE team, led by the Group Head HSE &amp; Sustainability. The 

Manager is directly supported by the Head of HSE, SEA, on the 

implementation of the LOGOS Health and Safety Management 

Framework. To supplement internal HSE expertise, qualified 

external parties are engaged to conduct independent risk 

assessments and audits. Outcomes of inspections, incident 

investigations and audits are collated within a regional / group 

level and discussed within the Group HSE Committee. This 

committee represents each operational region and function and 

initiates sub-committees to execute key workstreams identified 

through audit and investigation outcomes. Individual HSE KPIs, 

including implementation of HSE initiatives, are assigned to 

each leader and employee.

To promote awareness of OHS topics and maintain 

competency levels, Group HSE training is delivered to all 

employees on an annual basis. This training includes an 

overview of the LOGOS Risk Profile, the Health and Safety 

Management Framework, how to report incidents and 

health and safety obligations and responsibilities / KPIs of 

individuals.

 

To prevent and mitigate OHS impacts in our supply chain, 

the Manager has established proactive HSE auditing and 

inspection schedules across its key operations. In engagements 

with suppliers and service providers who hold health and 

safety obligations, we include risk mitigation obligations 

within contractual documents.

In FY2020, one of our key OHS focus is protecting workers 

from contracting COVID-19 in workplaces. As part of our OHS 

Management Measures, we provided oral thermometers for all 

employees to proactively monitor their health and earpieces 

to ease their transitions into remote working arrangements. 

For those workers who need to be in the office physically, we 

have instituted flexible working arrangements to reduce office 

capacities and promoted social distancing.

As at 31 December 2020, all 13 employees of the Manager 

are covered by the LOGOS OHS Management Framework. 

The LOGOS OHS Management Framework is reviewed for 

its suitability and against legislative requirements periodically.

Human 

Capital





Perpetual Target

Performance for FY2020



Target and Performance





cases of serious work-related injuries11

ZERO

Achieved

11 Work-related injuries that result in a fatality or in an injury from which the worker cannot, does not, or is not expected to recover fully to pre-injury health status 

within six months.

22

A R A  L O G O S 

L O G I S T I C S 

T R U S T




Our Approach

The Manager actively seeks to improve the energy efficiency 

of the properties to reduce carbon footprint and utilities costs. 

The Manager and Property Manager continues to increase its 

efforts towards raising environmental awareness as well as 

encouraging and educating the tenants about energy saving 

practices.

ALOG’s Initiatives and Actions for Energy and Emission 

Management

• Dialogues and discussions with tenants to highlight key 

benefits of reduced and responsible energy usage

• Equipping properties’ fixtures with energy efficient technology, 

including retrofitting of energy-saving LED lighting and low 

emissivity glass for windows 

Managing 

Environmental Impacts

Our Performance

In FY2020, the Manager complied with all relevant environmental 

standards. The environmental scope for this sustainability report 

includes the reported building energy consumption in common 

and tenants’ leased areas. This approach was maintained for 

the data reported in ALOG’s report.

In the reporting period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 

2020, ALOG’s total energy consumption and energy intensity 

was 50.83 GWh and 9.07 kWh/sq ft respectively. For multi-

tenanted assets in Singapore, the total energy consumption 

in FY2020 was 49.25 GWh, with an energy consumption 

intensity of 10.78 kWh/sq ft. For multi-tenanted assets in 

Australia, the total energy consumption in FY2020 was 1.58 

GWh, with an energy consumption intensity of 1.52 kWh/

sq ft12. Australia properties’ energy consumption intensity are 

lower as compared to that of Singapore as they are mainly 

ambient, and there are insignificant air-conditioned space. 

ALOG’s electricity consumption increased slightly by 0.31% 

from 50.67 GWh in 201913 to 50.83 GWh in 2020. This 

increase in electricity consumption was mainly due to the 

inclusion of multi-tenanted assets in Australia, partially offset 

by the reduction in logistics activities and building usage due 

to the COVID-19 pandemic.

• Utilising motion sensors that will turn off non-essential or idle 

facilities, including lighting, elevators, etc

• Utilising historical usage data analysis to monitor its properties’ 

energy usage

• Minimising reliance on equipment with heavy energy 

consumption and shifting towards energy efficient designs

In addition, the Manager encourages environmental practices 

among tenants and suppliers by including environmental 

issues in business discussions and initiatives. Employees are 

also educated, trained and motivated to carry out tasks in 

an environmentally responsible manner. Examples include 

reminders to tenants and employees to turn off all lights and 

electrical devices when not in use.

12  Energy consumption data excludes 67-93 National Boulevard, which was not available at the time of this report.

13  FY2019 energy consumption and energy intensity have been restated due to revision in ALOG Commodity Hub’s reported electricity data for comparability. As

 

a result, the corresponding GHG emissions and GHG emissions intensity were also restated.

14  ALOG’s location-based Scope 2 GHG emission is 21.66 kilotonnes of CO2 for FY2020. 

ALOG’s total energy intensity decreased from 12.30 kWh/sq 

ft in FY2019 to 9.07 kWh/sq ft in FY2020, mainly due to the 

combined effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the inclusion 

of Australian assets that are less energy intensive than the 

Singapore portfolio.

Similarly, ALOG’s market-based Scope 2 indirect GHG 

emissions increased from 20.75 kilotonnes of CO2 in 2019 

to 21.17 kilotonnes of CO2 in 202014, but GHG intensity 

decreased by 24.95% from 5.03 kg CO2/sq ft to 3.78 kg 

CO2/sq ft. As above, this has been mostly due to the inclusion 

of less energy intensive Australian assets and the increased 

use of renewable energy from solar. There is no Scope 1 direct 

GHG emission as there are no emissions from sources that are 

owned or controlled by ALOG (e.g. burning of natural gas or 

diesel fuel at the properties). In FY2020, ALOG utilised 1,200 

MWh of solar energy as a form of green energy consumption, 

equivalent to a saving of 490 tonnes of carbon emissions 

which approximate 260 typical 4-room HDB flats for one 

year. This solar energy is reflected in the market-based Scope 

2 GHG emissions as nil.





Perpetual Target

Performance for FY2020



Target and Performance





To reduce carbon emission intensity by 3% for

multi-tenanted buildings in Singapore and increase 

annual green energy consumption to at least 1.5 

million kWh by FY2023 (using the FY2018 multi-

tenanted buildings portfolio emissions as the baseline)

On track

ENERGY AND CLIMATE CHANGE

23

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y 

R E P O R T 

2 0 2 0




Although the target set of 3% reduction in carbon emission 

intensity for multi-tenanted buildings in Singapore from 

FY2018 baseline has been achieved, the Manager will 

continue monitoring the performance of both Singapore and 

Australia assets and review the target next year, as more 

properties are added to the reporting scope. In consuming 

1.2 million kWh of solar energy in FY2020, ALOG is also on 

track in achieving the target of at least 1.5 million kWh green 

energy consumption by FY2023. Nevertheless, ALOG will 

continue to work with tenants to enhance energy efficiencies, 

in view of their business needs and usage.

GHG Emission (thousand tonnes of CO2 )

Energy Consumption (GWh)

Energy Intensity (kWh/sq ft)

Emission Intensity (kg CO2/sq.ft.)

   Singapore            Australia

   Singapore            Australia

 Singapore        

 Australia       

 ALOG overall   

 Singapore        

 Australia       

 ALOG overall   

MULTI-TENANTED ASSETS ENERGY CONSUMPTION

MULTI-TENANTED ASSETS ENERGY INTENSITY

MULTI-TENANTED ASSETS SCOPE 2 GHG EMISSIONS

(Market-based)

MULTI-TENANTED ASSETS SCOPE 2 GHG EMISSIONS

INTENSITY (Market-based)

19.84

47.33

13.17

5.52

5.52

5.03

5.03

4.30

3.78

1.49

12.30

12.30

9.07

1.52

20.75

50.67

19.63

49.25

1.54

1.58

60.00

50.00

40.00

30.00

20.00

10.00

–

14.00

12.00

10.00

8.00

6.00

4.00

2.00

0.00

6.00

5.00

4.00

3.00

2.00

1.00

–

FY2019

FY2018

FY2020

FY2019

FY2018

FY2020

FY2019

FY2018

FY2020

FY2019

FY2018

FY2020

25.00

20.00

15.00

10.00

5.00

–

Managing 

Environmental Impacts

13.17

10.78

24

A R A  L O G O S 

L O G I S T I C S 

T R U S T




This section explains the key definitions and methodologies 

applied for ALOG’s sustainability report. These are adapted 

in the context of the GRI Standards Glossary and the 

Reporting Requirements, Recommendations and Guidance 

set out in the respective disclosures and various authoritative 

intergovernmental instruments.

Methodological

Review

SOCIAL

Employee

Employees are defined as individuals who are in an employment 

relationship with the Manager.

New hires and turnover

Employee movement within each financial year is recorded 

and presented as at year-end headcount.

New hires are defined as new employees that have joined the 

Manager during the year.

Turnover is defined as all employees that have left the Manager 

voluntarily, or due to dismissal, retirement or death in service 

during the year.

Training hours

Average training hours per employee is the total number 

of training hours provided to employees, relative to the total 

number of employees, during the year.

Average training hours per female / male employee is the total 

number of training hours provided to female / male employees, 

relative to the total number of female / male employees, during 

the year.

Average training hours per employee category is the total 

number of training hours provided to each category of 

employees, relative to the total number of employees in the 

category, during the year.

ENVIRONMENT

Consolidation approach

The equity share approach, as outlined in the GHG Protocol 

Corporate Standard, is used to determine organisational 

boundaries for ALOG’s environmental reporting.

For GRESB 2021 submission, the whole building energy 

consumption, water consumption, GHG emissions and waste 

generation data are summarised below:

Energy consumption within the organisation

Purchased electricity is a significant form of energy that 

ALOG’s properties consume and it is expressed in gigawatt 

hours (symbol: GWh).

Energy intensity

The ratio of energy consumed relative to total occupied area 

(including common floor area) in square feet (symbol: kWh/

sq ft).

GHG emissions

This report discloses indirect Scope 2 GHG emissions for 

ALOG’s properties.

Scope 2 GHG emissions are emissions that result from the 

generation of purchased or acquired electricity, heating, 

cooling, and steam consumed by the organisation. In the 

scope of reporting, this only relates to purchased electricity 

and is expressed in kilotonnes of CO2. With the adoption 

of onsite solar energy in our operations, we used both 

location- and market-based methods to calculate Scope 2 

GHG emissions. The location-based method reflects the GHG 

emissions of the grids on which energy consumption occurs, 

whereas the market-based method accounts for the amount of 

solar energy we consumed through contractual agreements 

with SembCorp Industries. In Singapore, the emission factor 

used for GHG emissions in FY2020 is the grid emission 

factors for 2019 (Operating Margin: 0.4085 kg CO2/kWh) 

which is the latest estimate, obtained from Singapore Energy 

Statistics 2020 published by the Energy Market Authority of 

Singapore. The emission factor used for GHG emissions in 

FY2018 and FY2019 is based on the 2018 grid emissions 

factor (Operating Margin: 0.4188 kg CO2/kWh) published 

in Singapore Energy Statistics 2019. For assets in Australia, 

state-level grid emission factors are taken from Australian 

National Greenhouse Accounts published in October 2020.

GHG emission intensity

This is the ratio of GHG emissions relative to total occupied 

area (including common floor area) in square feet (symbol: 

kg CO2/sq ft).

Property type

Total energy 

consumption 

(MWh)

Total on-site 

and off-site 

renewable energy 

consumption 

(MWh)

Market-based 

Scope 2 GHG 

emissions 

(tonnes of CO2)

Location-based 

Scope 2 GHG 

emissions 

(tonnes of CO2)

Total water 

consumption 

(cubic meter)

Total waste 

generated 

(tonnes)

Industrial: Distribution 

Warehouse

61,973

 1,200 

26,533

27,023

121,043

1,343

25

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y 

R E P O R T 

2 0 2 0




GRI Content 

Index

Topic

GRI 

Standards

Disclosure 

Number

Disclosure Title

Report Section

Page 

Number

General 

Disclosure

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosure 

2016

Organisational Profile

102−1

Name of the organisation

About ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust

2

102−2

Activities, brands, products, and 

services

About ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust

2

102−3

Location of headquarters

The address of the REIT Manager 

is as follows:

ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust 

Management Limited

50 Collyer Quay, #05-05 OUE 

Bayfront, Singapore 049321

Tel: (65) 6491 0088 

Fax: (65) 6491 0050

−

102−4

Location of operations

About ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust

2

102−5

Ownership and legal form

About ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust

2

102−6

Markets served

About ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust

2

102−7

Scale of the organisation

About ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust

2

Employee Profile

19

102−8

Information on employees and 

other workers

Employee Profile

19

102−9

Supply chain

Quality of Suppliers

15

102−10

Significant changes to the 

organisation and its supply chain

On 5 March 2020, ARA 

announced the completion of the 

acquisition of a majority stake in 

LOGOS, and LOGOS will now 

operate as ARA’s global logistics 

real estate platform.

As part of the transaction, ARA 

has successfully transferred its 

holdings in the Manager and ARA 

LOGOS Logistics Trust (formerly 

known as Cache Logistics Trust) 

to LOGOS and will continue to 

retain control of the Manager via 

LOGOS.

–

102−11

Precautionary Principle or 

approach

Risk Management

14

102−12

External initiatives

None

–

102−13

Membership of associations 

Stakeholder Engagement

7

Strategy

102−14

Statement from senior decision-

maker

Board Statement

3

Ethics &amp; Integrity

102−16

Values, principles, standards, and 

norms of behavior 

Vision, Mission and Values

2

26

A R A  L O G O S 

L O G I S T I C S 

T R U S T




Topic

GRI 

Standards

Disclosure 

Number

Disclosure Title

Report Section

Page 

Number

General 

Disclosure

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosure 

2016

Governance

102−18

Governance structure 

Refer to Corporate Governance 

report in the FY2020 Annual 

Report

–

Sustainability Governance

11

102−22

Composition of the highest 

governance body and its 

committee

Refer to Corporate Governance 

report in the FY2020 Annual 

Report

–

102−23

Chair of the highest governance 

body

Refer to Corporate Governance 

report in the FY2020 Annual 

Report

–

102−24

Nominating and selecting the 

highest governance body

Refer to Corporate Governance 

report in the FY2020 Annual 

Report

–

102−25

Conflicts of interest

Refer to Corporate Governance 

report in the FY2020 Annual 

Report

–

102−29

Identifying and managing 

economic, environmental, and 

social impacts

Materiality Assessment

8

102−32

Highest governance body’s role in 

sustainability reporting

Board Statement

3

Sustainability Governance

11

Stakeholder Engagement

102−40

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholder Engagement

5−7

102−41

Collective bargaining agreements

Due to the Manager's small 

number of employees, a collective 

bargaining agreement is not 

feasible.

–

102−42

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

Materiality Assessment

8

102−43

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement

Stakeholder Engagement

5−7

102−44

Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder Engagement

5−7

Reporting Practice

102−45

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial statements 

About This Report

Please refer to Pg 107−110 of 

ALOG’s FY2020 Annual Report.

4

102−46

Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries 

Materiality Assessment

8−10

102−47

List of material topics 

Materiality Assessment

8−10

27

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y 

R E P O R T 

2 0 2 0




Topic

GRI 

Standards

Disclosure 

Number

Disclosure Title

Report Section

Page 

Number

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosure 

2016

General 

Disclosure

102−48

Restatements of information

In FY2020, following restatements 

of information were made:

1. Total energy consumption 

previously disclosed in FY2019 

report as 49.8 GWh in 2019 has 

been restated as 50.67 GWh 

due to a correction of electricity 

consumption data. As a result, the 

total energy intensity previously 

disclosed in FY2019 report as 

12.1 kWh/sq ft in 2019 has been 

restated as 12.30 kWh/sq ft.

2. Total 2019 market-based Scope 

2 GHG emissions and intensity, 

previously disclosed in FY2019 

report as 20.4 kilotonnes of CO2 

and 4.95 kgCO2/sq ft, have been 

restated as 20.75 kilotonnes of CO2 

and 5.03 kgCO2/sq ft respectively 

due to a correction in electricity 

consumption data. Similarly, total 

2019 location-based Scope 2 GHG 

emissions, previously disclosed in 

FY2019 report as 20.9 kilotonnes 

of CO2, has been restated as 21.22 

kilotonnes of CO2 for the same 

reasons.

23−24

102−49

Changes in reporting 

About This Report

4

102−50

Reporting period 

About This Report

4

102−51

Date of most recent report 

ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust's third 

Sustainability Report for FY2019 

was published in May 2020.

–

102−52

Reporting cycle

ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust 

publishes sustainability reports on 

an annual cycle.

–

102−53

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report 

About This Report

4

102−54

Claims of reporting in accordance 

with the GRI Standards

About This Report

4

102−55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index – Core Option

26−31

102−56

External assurance 

About This Report

4

Corporate 

Governance

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016

Management approach

103−1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary

Materiality Assessment

9

103−2

The management approach and 

its components 

Upholding Strong Governance

11–14

103−3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Upholding Strong Governance

11–14

GRI 205: 

Anti-

Corruption 

2016

Topic-specific disclosure

205−3

Confirmed incidents of corruption 

and actions taken

Ethical Business Conduct

14

GRI Content 

Index

28

A R A  L O G O S 

L O G I S T I C S 

T R U S T




Topic

GRI 

Standards

Disclosure 

Number

Disclosure Title

Report Section

Page 

Number

Energy 

Consumption 

and Carbon 

Footprint

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016

Management approach

103−1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary

Materiality Assessment

9

103−2

The management approach and 

its components 

Managing Environmental 

Impacts

23

103−3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Managing Environmental 

Impacts

23

GRI 302: 

Energy 2016

Topic-specific disclosure

302−1

Energy consumption within the 

organisation

Energy and Climate Change

23−24

302−3

Energy Intensity

Energy and Climate Change

23−24

GRI G4 

Construction 

and Real 

Estate Sector 

Disclosures

Sector specific indicators

CRE 1

Building energy intensity

Energy and Climate Change

23−24

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016

Management approach

103−1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary

Materiality Assessment

9

103−2

The management approach and 

its components 

Managing Environmental 

Impacts

23

103−3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Managing Environmental 

Impacts

23

GRI 305: 

Emissions 

2016

Topic-specific disclosure

305-2

Energy indirect greenhouse gas 

(GHG) emissions (scope 2)

Energy and Climate Change

23−24

GRI G4 

Construction 

and Real 

Estate Sector 

Disclosures

Sector specific indicators

CRE 3

Greenhouse gas emissions 

intensity from buildings

Energy and Climate Change

23−24

Corporate 

Governance

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016

Management approach

103−1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary

Materiality Assessment

9

103−2

The management approach and 

its components 

Upholding Strong Governance

11−14

103−3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Upholding Strong Governance

11−14

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 

2016

Topic-specific disclosure

307−1

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations

Regulatory Compliance

13

29

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y 

R E P O R T 

2 0 2 0




Topic

GRI 

Standards

Disclosure 

Number

Disclosure Title

Report Section

Page 

Number

Employment 

Practices

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016

Management approach

103−1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary

Materiality Assessment

10

103−2

The management approach and 

its components 

Human Capital

18−20

103−3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Human Capital

18−20

GRI 401: 

Employment 

2016

Topic-specific disclosure

401−1

New employee hires and 

employee turnover

Employee Profile

19

401−2

Benefits provided to full-time 

employees that are not provided to 

temporary or part-time employees

Employee Well-being

20

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016

Management approach

103−1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary

Materiality Assessment

9

103−2

The management approach and 

its components 

Occupational Health and Safety

22

103−3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Occupational Health and Safety

22

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety 2018

403−1

Occupational health and safety 

management system

Occupational Health and Safety

22

403−2

Hazard identification, risk 

assessment, and incident 

investigation

Occupational Health and Safety

22

403−3

Occupational health services

Not applicable as employees of 

the Manager are not exposed to 

significant occupational health 

hazards.

–

403−4

Worker participation, consultation, 

and communication on 

occupational health and safety

Occupational Health and Safety

22

403−5

Worker training on occupational 

health and safety

Occupational Health and Safety

22

403−6

Promotion of worker health

Occupational Health and Safety

22

403−7

Prevention and mitigation of 

occupational health and safety 

impacts directly linked by business 

relationships

Occupational Health and Safety

22

Topic-specific disclosure

403−9

Work-related injuries

Occupational Health and Safety

22

Talent 

Development

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016

Management approach

103−1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary

Materiality Assessment

10

103−2

The management approach and 

its components 

Talent Development

21

103−3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Talent Development

21

GRI 404: 

Training and 

Education 

2016

Topic-specific disclosure

404−1

Average hours of training per year 

per employee

Talent Development

21

404−3

Percentage of employees receiving 

regular performance and career 

development reviews

Talent Development

21

GRI Content 

Index

30

A R A  L O G O S 

L O G I S T I C S 

T R U S T




Topic

GRI 

Standards

Disclosure 

Number

Disclosure Title

Report Section

Page 

Number

Tenant 

and Visitor 

Health, 

Safety and 

Security

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016

Management approach

103−1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary

Materiality Assessment

9

103−2

The management approach and 

its components 

Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety 

and Security

16−17

103−3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety 

and Security

16−17

GRI 416: 

Customer 

Health and 

Safety 2016

Topic-specific disclosure

416−2

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning the health and safety 

impacts of products and services

Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety 

and Security

16−17

Security of 

Information

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016

Management approach

103−1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary

Materiality Assessment

10

103−2

The management approach and 

its components 

Security of Information

17

103−3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Security of Information

17

GRI 418: 

Customer 

Privacy 2016

Topic-specific disclosure

418−1

Substantiated complaints 

concerning breaches of customer 

privacy and losses of customer 

data

Security of Information

17

Corporate 

Governance

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016

Management approach

103−1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary

Materiality Assessment

9

103−2

The management approach and 

its components 

Upholding Strong Governance

11−14

103−3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Upholding Strong Governance

11−14

GRI 419: 

Socioeconominc 

Compliance 

2016

Topic-specific disclosure

419−1

Non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and 

economic area

Regulatory Compliance

13

Quality of 

Assets and 

Services

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016

Management approach

103−1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary

Materiality Assessment

9

103−2

The management approach and 

its components 

Quality of Assets and Services

15

103−3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Quality of Assets and Services

15

31

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y 

R E P O R T 

2 0 2 0




 

MANAGED BY

ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust Management Limited

50 Collyer Quay 

#05-05 OUE Bayfront

Singapore 049321

Tel: (65) 6491 0088

www.aralogos-reit.com

