


ENDURING. EVOLVING. GROWING.

SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 2017


CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

1 

About Cache Logistics Trust

1 

Vision, Mission and Values

2 

Board Statement

3 

About This Report

4 

Stakeholder Engagement

6 

Materiality Assessment

GOVERNANCE

Upholding Strong Governance

8 

Responsibility for Sustainability Governance

10 

Regulatory Compliance

11 

Risk Management

11 

Ethical Business Conduct

SOCIAL

Delivering Exceptional Value

12 

Quality of Assets and Services

13 

Quality of Suppliers

13 

Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety and Security

14 

Security of Information

Human Capital

15 

Employee Profile

16 

Employee Well-being

17 

Talent Development 

18 

Occupational Health and Safety

ENVIRONMENT

Conserving the Environment

19 

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint

21 

METHODOLOGICAL REVIEW

22 

GRI CONTENT INDEX


Vision, Mission and Values

Cache’s vision is to provide its customers high quality, 

best-in-class logistics real estate solutions in Asia Pacific 

through leveraging the combined strengths of ARA and 

its Sponsor, CWT. The Manager endeavours to provide 

Unitholders with regular and stable distributions and  

achieve long-term sustainable growth in distribution per 

unit and net asset value, while maintaining an appropriate  

capital structure.

The Manager is driven by its R.E.I.T. values:

TEAMWORK

RESPECT

INTEGRITY

4

VALUES

EXCELLENCE

RESPECT

The Manager treats all stakeholders 

with respect and consideration  

at all times. The Manager trusts  

and values the contributions of  

each person. 

EXCELLENCE

The Manager strives for excellence 

not just in financial performance 

but in every aspect of managing 

Cache. The Manager always puts 

Unitholders’ interests first.

INTEGRITY

The Manager regards integrity as 

a commitment to honour the trust 

placed in Cache. It calls for the 

Manager to be truthful at all times. 

The Manager abides by a strong code 

of ethics and upholds the highest 

standards of professional conduct.

TEAMWORK

The employees of the Manager 

support one another and work in an 

environment that values teamwork 

and creativity. The Manager inspires 

all employees to perform to their 

maximum potential.

Figure 1: The Manager’s R.E.I.T. values

About Cache Logistics Trust

Listed on 12 April 2010 on the Main Board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”), Cache 

Logistics Trust (“Cache”) is a real estate investment trust (“REIT”) that invests in income-producing real estate used for 

logistics purposes as well as real estate-related assets in Asia Pacific.

As at 31 December 2017, Cache’s portfolio comprised 19 high-quality logistics warehouse properties strategically 

located in established logistics clusters in Singapore, Australia and China with a total gross floor area of 7.6 million 

square feet and an appraised value of S$1.2 billion. 

Cache is externally managed by ARA-CWT Trust Management (Cache) Limited (the “Manager”), a joint-venture REIT 

management company between ARA Asset Management Limited (“ARA” or the “Group”), a premier integrated real 

estate fund manager, and CWT Pte. Limited (“CWT”), a leading provider of integrated logistics and supply chain solutions 

internationally. Cache Property Management Pte. Ltd. (“Property Manager”) manages its property portfolio. 

The Manager is focused on value creation through the pursuit of disciplined acquisition growth and proactive asset 

management strategies. Coupled with an emphasis on prudent capital and risk management, Cache strives to deliver 

regular and stable distributions to Unitholders and achieve long-term sustainable growth.

Cache Logistics Trust Sustainability Report 2017

1

INTRODUCTION


Board Statement

Cache Logistics Trust is focused on creating value for all the stakeholders through building a strong portfolio of properties 

and adopting the best practices in risk management, corporate governance and sustainability. 

Led by the Board of Directors (the “Board”), the Manager is committed in upholding responsible and sustainable 

practices in its business operations. The Board sets the strategic direction in establishing good corporate governance 

and business integrity throughout the organisation, adopting a prudent approach towards financial management, 

practising fair employment and utilising resources in an efficient manner to minimise Cache’s environmental footprint. 

Under the guidance and oversight of the Board which has considered sustainability issues as part of its strategic 

formulation, the Manager identifies, manages and monitors the Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) matters 

which are relevant and material to Cache. The Manager stays committed to upholding Cache’s undertaking towards 

sustainability and value creation for all stakeholders. The Manager aligns Cache’s business strategies, policies and 

practices with the Board’s direction. 



Cache Logistics Trust Sustainability Report 2017

2

INTRODUCTION


About This Report

The Manager is pleased to present Cache’s inaugural 

Sustainability Report for the financial year ended  

31 December 2017 (“FY2017”). This report discloses 

Cache’s ESG impacts and its progress towards the goal 

of managing its logistics real estate portfolio sustainably.

Sustainable Economic Value

The Manager believes in the importance of integrating 

sustainability into its business strategies and operations 

to achieve sustainable economic growth and long-term 

Unitholder value. As such, Cache’s sustainability policies, 

practices and performance are detailed in this report and 

these are interrelated to Cache’s overall performance 

from the governance, socioeconomic and environmental 

perspectives. For a detailed breakdown of Cache’s FY2017 

financial results, please refer to the Operations section 

(pages 28 to 35), Financial Review (pages 36 to 39) and 

Financial Statements (pages 97 to 157) in Cache Logistics 

Trust’s 2017 Annual Report (“Annual Report 2017”). 

Reporting Framework

This report has been prepared in accordance to the Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards – ‘Core’ option and 

the GRI Construction and Real Estate Sector Supplement 

(“CRESS”). The GRI Standards has been selected as it 

is an internationally-recognised reporting framework 

that covers a comprehensive range of sustainability 

disclosures and is suited to Cache’s industry and 

business model. Reference has also been drawn from the 

Sustainability Reporting Guide of the SGX-ST Practice 

Note 7.6 in meeting the primary components as set out 

in the SGX-ST Mainboard Listing Rule 711(B), where 

applicable. Please refer to the GRI Content Index which is 

attached at the end of this report.

SINGAPORE 

PROPERTY TYPE

DHL Supply Chain  

Advanced Regional Centre

Ramp-up logistics warehouse with ancillary office facilities

Cache Cold Centre

Ramp-up logistics warehouse with ancillary office facilities

Cache Changi Districentre 1

Ramp-up logistics warehouse with ancillary office facilities

Cache Changi Districentre 2

Cargo-lift logistics warehouse (partly air-conditioned) with ancillary office facilities

Hi-Speed Logistics Centre

Combination of ramp-up and cargo lifts, with ancillary office facilities

Pandan Logistics Hub 

Ramp-up logistics warehouse with ancillary office facilities

Figure 2: Report Scope – properties included in this report

Report Period and Scope 

The reporting period covered in this report is from 1 January 

2017 to 31 December 2017, with the relevant prior year data 

as comparison. Unless otherwise stated, this report covers 

the performance of Cache’s properties in Singapore, with 

the exception of master lease / single-tenant properties 

which are directly managed by the master lessee or tenant. 

Due to the nature of the lease structures, the Manager 

does not have day-to-day operational control over the 

property management of these master lease / single-tenant 

properties. However, once these properties are converted 

to multi-tenanted leases, the Manager will include the 

relevant data in subsequent reports going forward. 

For socioeconomic and governance performance, this 

report covers primarily employees of the Manager and 

relevant employees of the Property Manager (“property 

management staff”).

Assurance

The Manager has not sought external assurance for this 

report. External assurance by independent professional 

bodies will be considered as its reporting matures  

over time.

Contact Information

The Manager values all feedback from stakeholders as they 

are integral to Cache’s sustainability reporting process. 

Please send any comments and / or suggestions on our 

reporting disclosures to cache-enquiry@ara.com.hk.

For more details on Cache’s property portfolio, please refer to the Annual Report 2017.

Cache Logistics Trust Sustainability Report 2017

3

INTRODUCTION


Stakeholder Engagement

Regular engagement with stakeholders is important to Cache’s long-term success on sustainability. Frequent 

stakeholder engagements are undertaken to gain insight into their concerns and identify pertinent issues 

related to ESG matters within the operations. Cache’s approach towards stakeholder engagement activities are 

summarised in Figure 3. 

NOTE:

1 FY2016 refers to the period from 1 January 2016 to 31 December 2016.

Stakeholder 

Group

Mode of  

Engagement 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Key Interests by 

Stakeholder Group

Cache’s Response to Key 

Interests during the year

Unitholders / 

Investors

Investor conferences, 

face-to-face meetings and 

non-deal roadshows

Regular

• Sustainable returns

• Timely, transparent 

and accurate 

disclosures 

• Good corporate 

governance

• Net asset value 

growth

• Performance of 

assets 

Maintained proactive 

communication with the 

investment community to keep 

them updated on operational 

performance, business outlook 

and strategy. 

All email / phone 

correspondences are followed 

through within an internal 

guideline of responding  

within three business days. 

Please refer to pages 24 and 25 

of the Annual Report 2017 for 

more information. 

Quarterly announcements of 

financial results

Quarterly

Financial results briefings

Half-yearly 

Informative investor 

relations section of the 

corporate website 

Throughout  

the year

Dedicated Investor Relations 

team

Throughout  

the year

Annual General Meeting 

Annually 

Publications including 

the Annual Report and 

Sustainability Report 

Annually

Existing and 

Prospective 

Tenants

Site visits

Regular

• Quality assets and 

services that cater 

to logistics needs

• Competitive rental 

rates

• Regular tenant 

engagement 

Achieved a response time of 

not more than one business day 

to each tenant’s feedback on 

property-related issues.

Progressively replaced building 

fixtures with energy and  

water-saving ones.

Implemented Asset Enhancement 

Initiatives (“AEIs”) for both  

existing and new tenants.

Achieved tenant retention rate of 

75.0% in FY2017 and 82.3% in 

FY2016 1, and portfolio occupancy 

rates of between 96.6% to 98.3% 

throughout FY2017.

Phone calls, notices and 

email correspondences

As required

Tenant engagement events  

(such as social lunches and 

festive event celebrations)

Regular

Meetings 

Regular 

Figure 3: Stakeholder Engagement 

Cache Logistics Trust Sustainability Report 2017

4

INTRODUCTION


Stakeholder 

Group

Mode of  

Engagement 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Key Interests by 

Stakeholder Group

Cache’s Response to Key 

Interests during the year

Third-party 

service 

providers 

Meetings

Ad-hoc / Regular 

• Prompt payment 

according to 

deliverables 

• Cordial working 

relationship

• Efficient work 

processes and 

productivity

Organised regular meetings to 

obtain feedback and discuss how 

to improve Cache-supplier interface 

and work processes.

Phone calls and email 

correspondences

Ad-hoc / Regular

Community

Social and community events

As appropriate

• Create a positive 

impact on the 

communities we 

operate in

• Help the vulnerable 

groups in society

• Foster strong 

community ties

The Manager, working closely 

with ARA, participated actively in 

employee volunteerism and other 

community involvement activities, 

which include the YMCA Proms @ 

the Park and the SGX Bull Charge. 

Sponsorships

As appropriate

Media engagement

As appropriate

Scholarships

As appropriate

Employees 

(REIT  

Manager)

Employee satisfaction survey

Ad-hoc

• Good employee 

welfare and 

working 

environment

• Fair employment 

practices

• Opportunities for 

career development 

and advancement

• Health and safety 

• Skills development  

and training 

The Manager, along with the Group 

Human Resource (“HR”) division of 

ARA Group, participated in training 

programmes and employee welfare 

events throughout the year. 

Employee appraisals

Half-yearly

Team cohesion activities

Regular 

Training programmes and 

skills development 

Regular 

Orientation programme for 

new employees

Regular 

Employee volunteering  

activities

Regular

Government 

agencies, 

industry 

organisations 

and 

associations 

Participation in industry 

forums

Regular 

• Compliance 

with rules and 

regulations

• Good corporate 

governance 

Participated actively in dialogues 

and feedback sessions held by 

various industry associations for 

topics related to the REIT industry 

and the industrial sector.

Cache participates regularly  

at the Annual REITs Symposium as 

part of the ARA Group. 

The Group is represented in several 

industry bodies such as the Asia 

Pacific Real Estate Association, 

Investor Relations Professionals 

Association (Singapore), Property 

Council of Australia, REIT Association 

of Singapore, Real Estate Developers 

Association of Singapore, Singapore 

Chinese Chamber of Commerce  

and Industry, Singapore Green 

Building Council and Singapore 

Institute of Directors.

Meetings and dialogue 

sessions

As appropriate

Figure 3: Stakeholder Engagement (continued)

Cache Logistics Trust Sustainability Report 2017

5

INTRODUCTION


Materiality Assessment 

The Manager defines material sustainability matters as issues with significant ESG impact on Cache. These 

issues will substantially influence the decision-making process of its stakeholders and affect the achievement 

of short and long-term goals. In prioritising the sustainability matters that merit inclusion in this report, the 

Manager works closely with an independent Sustainability Consultant through a rigorous four-step process 

as summarised in Figure 4. The Manager plans to engage external stakeholders in the assessment of material 

issues in the future.

Step

Activities

GRI Principles for  

Defining Report Content

1

IDENTIFICATION OF 

SUSTAINABILITY 

MATTERS

A formal materiality assessment workshop was conducted by 

the Sustainability Consultant with key representatives from the 

Manager and the Property Manager to identify the sustainability 

matters most relevant and significant to Cache’s internal and 

external stakeholders. 

A list of potential sustainability matters, including risks and 

opportunities, was identified through:

• Peer benchmarking review of material matters

• Identification of internal and external stakeholders

• Discussion with key management representatives to 

understand their concerns and the concerns of key external 

stakeholders with whom they communicate. 

Sustainability 

context

Stakeholder 

inclusiveness

2

PRIORITISATION

These sustainability matters were then prioritised through  

an unbiased, anonymous electronic voting exercise. The 

following set of criteria was used to determine the significance 

of each matter:

• Relevance to Cache’s business model, strategies and outcomes.

• Likelihood and impact on the continuity of the business.

• Influence on decision-making processes of key internal  

and external stakeholders.

Materiality

3

VALIDATION

The results of the materiality voting exercise were further 

validated by benchmarking against other REIT Managers 

in the industry. Based on this list of material sustainability 

matters, the Manager put in place systems to incorporate 

sustainability across various business functions. 

Completeness

4

REVIEW

A final materiality assessment was conducted to evaluate the 

relevance of the material matters to determine their impact on 

internal and external stakeholders. From the assessment, the 

Manager has distilled five most critical sustainability matters and 

three additional sustainability matters for reporting, as shown in 

Figures 5 and 6. 

These material sustainability matters were presented by the 

Sustainability Consultant at the Cache Board Meeting and 

approved by the Board of Directors.  

Sustainability 

context

Figure 4: Four-Step Process

Cache Logistics Trust Sustainability Report 2017

6

INTRODUCTION


The above figure presents the five material sustainability matters and three additional sustainability matters that have 

been selected for reporting. The list of reported sustainability matters has been mapped against the GRI Standards 

topics in Figure 6.

High Priority 

(Material Sustainability Matters)

In no particular order of importance

Report Section 

Page Number

1

Corporate Governance

Governance 

8

2

Quality of Assets and Services

Quality of Assets and Services

12

3

Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety and Security

Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety 

and Security

13

4

Occupational Health and Safety

Occupational Health &amp; Safety

18

5

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint

Environment

19

Chosen for Reporting 

(Additional Sustainability Matters)

A1

Security of Information

Security of Information

14

A2

Employment Practices

Employee Well-being

16

A3

Talent Development

Talent Development

17

Figure 6: Mapped GRI Standards Topics

Figure 5: Materiality Matrix

LOW

HIGH

HIGH

Impact on internal stakeholders

Impact on  

external  

stakeholders

Material 

Sustainability 

Matters

Additional 

Sustainability 

Matters

Not Material

A1

A2

A3

1

2

3

4

5

Cache Logistics Trust Sustainability Report 2017

7

INTRODUCTION


Approach

Good corporate governance is the foundation for a 

successful, trusted and respected business organisation. 

The Manager strives to uphold the highest standards 

of corporate governance, integrity and accountability 

through sustainable governance based on its corporate 

governance framework.

The corporate governance framework comprises oversight 

of the Board, involvement of independent internal and 

external auditors, as well as an established system of 

policies, procedures and internal controls. In upholding 

the corporate governance standards, the Manager acts 

in the best interests of Unitholders to deliver regular and 

stable distributions, and achieve long-term growth in the 

asset value of its properties. 

For more details, please refer to the Corporate 

Governance Report in the Annual Report 2017.

Figure 7: Organisation structure and summary of sustainability policies which apply to all ARA entities

UPHOLDING  

Strong  

Governance

Responsibility for Sustainability 

Governance

In line with the corporate governance framework, the 

Manager has established a Cache Sustainability Working 

Committee led by the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) with 

senior representatives from the finance, investor relations 

and asset management functions. The Cache Sustainability 

Working Committee takes the lead in continuously enhancing 

Cache’s disclosures, performance targets and systems, and 

drives responsible business practices in accordance with 

Cache’s sustainability philosophy. 

In consultation with the ARA Group Sustainability 

Committee, the Cache Sustainability Working Committee 

reports to the Board of Directors on sustainability policies 

and practices, and adopts them accordingly. Please refer to 

Figure 7 which presents a summary of sustainability policies 

which apply to all ARA entities. 

CACHE LOGISTICS TRUST SUSTAINABILITY WORKING COMMITTEE

ASSISTANT DIRECTOR,  

INVESTOR RELATIONS

DIRECTOR OF ASSET 

MANAGEMENT

DIRECTOR OF FINANCE  

&amp; OPERATIONS

CEO

CACHE LOGISTICS TRUST  

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

ARA GROUP  

SUSTAINABILITY  

COMMITTEE

IN  

CONSULTATION  

WITH



Cache Logistics Trust Sustainability Report 2017

8

GOVERNANCE


Figure 7: Organisation structure and summary of sustainability policies which apply to all ARA entities (continued)

ARA Group-level Policies

Governance

Anti-Bribery Policy

ARA adopts a zero-tolerance stance towards bribery and corruption. All employees are 

required to adhere to a Code of Conduct and observe ethical behaviour. Employees are 

expected to conduct and carry themselves in a manner consistent with the values of ARA.

Internal Code on 

Securities Dealing

ARA has in place an internal code which prohibits Directors of ARA and executives of the 

Group from dealing in the units of public-listed REITs managed by the Group, while in 

possession of unpublished material or non-public price sensitive information in relation to 

such securities and during the “black-out period” in respective jurisdictions.

Whistle Blowing 

Policy

ARA has in place a Whistle Blowing Policy which allows employees and external parties  

to report possible improprieties, in confidence, directly to the Board in a responsible and 

effective manner. 

Policy on Conflict  

of Interest

ARA has in place a rigorous set of procedures to address any potential conflict of interest.  

All employee and major service providers have to declare any potential conflicts of interest 

before entering into transactions. All interested person transactions and situations of 

conflicted interest are subject to review by the Audit Committee.

Fraud Risk 

Management  

Framework

ARA’s fraud risk management framework sets out the principles and a robust system of 

controls and procedures in managing fraud risks. The processes established to identify and 

assess areas exposed to fraud are clearly defined and incorporated in the Risk Profile Register. 

Social

Building Safety 

Policy

ARA is dedicated to ensuring the safety of our tenants and visitors at its properties and to stay 

compliant with all safety and security regulations. As an investor-cum-operator, ARA invests 

in quality properties with good design specifications, build quality and proper regulatory 

certifications. In assessing potential acquisitions, ARA appoints consultants to carry out 

mechanical &amp; electrical tests and architectural evaluation on the building.

Information 

Technology (“IT”) 

Policy

ARA recognises the increased risk of cyber-attacks and the importance of cyber security. 

ARA will maintain, secure and ensure legal and appropriate use of ARA’s Information 

Technology infrastructure and system. ARA also seeks to enforce its IT policies, safeguard the 

integrity of computers, networks, data and all IT property to ensure that the use of electronic 

communications, computers, IT and network systems comply with its policies.

Diversity  

and Equal  

Opportunities  

Policy

ARA embraces workplace diversity by hiring talent from different backgrounds, cultures and 

languages based on merit. It respects and appreciates differences in ethnicity, gender, age, 

nationality, disability, sexual orientation, education and religion. It also provides all employees 

with equal opportunities for skills training and development and rewards all employees fairly 

based on their performance and contribution. 

Health, Safety  

and Well-being 

Policy

ARA is committed to providing a healthy and safe environment for its employees, and ensuring 

that the operations comply with the relevant occupational health and safety regulations. 

In line with the Building Safety Policy, ARA provides a safe workplace for its employees to 

perform their work. Regular safety inspections are carried out to prevent accidents. ARA is 

also focused on employee wellness and engagement by promoting work-life balance and 

encouraging its employees to lead an active and healthy lifestyle.

Performance  

and Career 

Development  

Policy

ARA recognises that its success is driven by a performance-based culture which emphasises 

on talent development, career advancement and training. ARA’s talent management program 

provides developmental opportunities for its employees and grooms them into future leaders 

for critical positions across the region.

Remuneration  

Policy

ARA seeks to remain competitive by attracting and retaining the best talent. It conducts 

routine benchmarking exercises against different geographical markets and industries 

to ensure that its compensation packages are adequate and competitive in the market. 

Employees are motivated and incentivised through a performance-based culture with 

competitive fixed and variable pay components. All employees are rewarded fairly based on 

their ability, contribution, performance and experience.

Cache Logistics Trust Sustainability Report 2017

9

GOVERNANCE


Regulatory Compliance

In line with a comprehensive compliance framework 

established by the ARA Group, the Manager works closely 

with external legal professionals and the ARA Corporate 

Division on legal and regulatory matters. Adopting a 

proactive approach, the Manager regularly participates 

in industry consultations with authorities such as the 

Monetary Authority of Singapore and SGX-ST, and provides 

feedback on regulatory regimes. The Manager’s approach 

towards compliance is detailed in Figure 8 below.

ARA Group-level Policies

Social (continued)

Worker Rights  

Policy

ARA employees are entitled to employee rights at work. These include the elimination of 

forced or compulsory labour, the abolition of child labour and the elimination of discrimination 

with respect to employment and occupation. ARA also abides by the Ministry of Manpower 

legislation for workplace health and safety, the Employment Act and the CPF Act.

Environment

Climate Change 

Adaptation Policy

ARA is committed to identifying and responding to climate change risks, and to act on 

opportunities to enhance its property portfolio. Managing the efficient use of electricity and 

water represents a dual opportunity to reduce its carbon and water footprint while saving on 

utility costs to improve returns to investors.

Energy  

Consumption / 

Management Policy

ARA is committed to improving energy efficiency and reducing energy consumption at its 

properties. It endeavours to work closely with Property Managers to educate tenants to 

improve the operations, where possible.

GHG Emission / 

Management Policy

ARA is committed to minimising the emission of greenhouse gases and the release of 

toxic or harmful materials from its properties. ARA also seeks to comply with the relevant 

environmental standards in countries where it operates, as well as, to monitor its buildings’ 

emission intensity in line with expectations in the industry. 

Goal and Performance

The Manager has set a perpetual target towards zero 

validated cases of non-compliance with all relevant laws 

and regulations. As a testament to its effectiveness, there 

were no cases of non-compliance in FY2017. 

Compliance Control  

Self-Assessment

Training

Monitoring

The Compliance Control Self-

Assessment process evaluates 

the adequacy and effectiveness 

of internal controls in addressing 

compliance risks. It is certified by 

the Management annually.

The Board of Directors and 

Management attend regular 

training on updates to regulatory 

requirements, such as the 

Securities &amp; Future Act, Common 

Reporting Standards, Foreign 

Account Tax Compliance Act and 

Singapore Financial Reporting 

Standards. This is facilitated by 

the ARA Corporate Division and 

external professionals.

The Company Secretaries and 

Internal Auditors ensure that 

Board procedures are duly 

followed and regularly reviewed 

for compliance.

Any material non-compliance 

or weakness, including 

recommendations for 

improvements, is reported to  

the Audit Committee.

Figure 8: Risk management and control

Figure 7: Organisation structure and summary of sustainability policies which apply to all ARA entities (continued)

Cache Logistics Trust Sustainability Report 2017

10

GOVERNANCE


Risk Management

The Manager maintains an Enterprise Risk Management 

(“ERM”) Framework which covers the management of its 

strategic enterprise, operational, financial and compliance 

risks, in consideration of the governance, socioeconomic 

and environmental aspects of the business. The ERM 

Framework, together with the internal control activities, 

aims to provide reasonable assurance on compliance with 

legislations and the safeguarding of Cache’s assets against 

material losses.

Strategic risks relate to the sustainable long-term growth 

of Cache through effective investment strategies, asset 

management and communication with stakeholders. The 

Manager focuses on achieving sustainable profitability 

and balancing risks and returns across the portfolio, while 

maintaining strong corporate governance, accountability 

and transparency. Operational risks relate to the day-

to-day management of the portfolio, including human 

capital, where there are established remuneration policies 

on compensation, benefits and succession planning. 

Financial risks relate to Cache’s capital structure and 

financial position. Compliance risks refer to complying with 

applicable laws and regulations in various jurisdictions. 

The Board is updated on Cache’s overall risk profile and 

key risk areas on a quarterly basis, including assessing the 

effectiveness of its internal controls and mitigating actions. 

The Corporate Governance Report, found on pages 73 to 89 

of the Annual Report 2017, sets out the corporate governance 

policies and practices in FY2017, with adherence to the 

principles of the Code of Corporate Governance. 

Ethical Business Conduct

The Manager seeks to uphold ethical principles in its 

business activities based on the core values of Respect, 

Excellence, Integrity and Teamwork. The Manager’s 

governance policies include the Code of Ethics and Code 

of Business Conduct (collectively “the Codes”) indicated in 

Figure 9 as well as various measures put in place against 

fraud, corruption, insider trading and misuse of confidential 

information. 

The Manager’s zero tolerance towards such wrongdoings 

and any breach of the Codes is communicated to all 

employees during the induction training and further 

confirmed 

by 

employees 

during 

the 

annual 

staff 

declaration on compliance with these governance policies.  

Non-compliance with these policies will result in disciplinary 

actions and / or immediate dismissal. 

Goal and Performance

The Manager has set a perpetual target towards zero 

validated cases of corruption, fraud and non-compliance 

with the policies. As a testament to its effectiveness, there 

were zero of such cases in FY2017.

Code of Ethics

• Ethical behaviour

• Sweat-free Code of Conduct

• Drug-free workplace

• Exercising due care and diligence in discharging 

duties and responsibilities

• Maintaining confidentiality relating to the business

• Restraining from outside work unrelated to  

one’s employment

• Prohibiting bribery and gratuities

• Safeguarding of assets

Code of Business Conduct

• Role of the Board

• Remuneration

• Accountability and audit

• Communication with Unitholders

• State of internal controls

• Risk management

• China wall policy

• Conflict of interest

• Fraud prevention and detection

• Confidentiality of information

• Corporate interest

• Conducting international business

• Financial controls

• Compliance controls

• Interested person and related party transactions

• Declaration of interest

Figure 9: Code of Ethics and Code of Business Conduct

Cache Logistics Trust Sustainability Report 2017

11

GOVERNANCE




DELIVERING  

Exceptional  

Value

Quality of Assets and Services

Approach

The Manager believes that tenant satisfaction has a 

positive correlation with the quality of asset and property 

services. High quality assets, along with regular upkeep and 

maintenance, is critical to achieving high rental occupancy 

and rates, attracting and retaining quality tenants as well as 

delivering higher returns to Unitholders over time.

The Manager has put in place a comprehensive investment 

and asset management policy. Strategically, it focuses on 

acquiring stable income-producing properties in locations 

with good logistics network and explores opportunities 

to improve operational efficiency. Such properties should 

also be up-to-date and well-designed so that maintenance 

and capital expenditure would not be as extensive as  

older properties. 

Relevant environmental and technical assessments are 

conducted on areas such as structural safety, mechanical 

and electrical, and energy efficiencies. In its day-to-day 

management, the Manager works closely with the Property 

Manager to improve the sustainable performance of the 

properties on areas such as maintenance and upgrading. 

Regular feedback from tenants are gathered to better 

understand and meet their needs. 

Goal

The Manager will works toward maintaining a strong 

portfolio occupancy above the Singapore industrial average 

and a strong tenant retention ratio through delivering high 

quality assets and services.

Performance 

The DHL Supply Chain Advanced Regional Centre 

was a Build-to-Suit development for DHL Supply 

Chain Singapore. The property has complied with the 

Building Construction Authority’s (“BCA”) environmental 

sustainability standard which is equivalent to the Green 

Mark Certification. In addition, the property has received 

the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design 

(“LEED”) Gold® certification in September 2016. 

The Manager’s proactive asset management policy 

has added value to its tenants’ operational efficiency, 

resulting in a high tenant / end-user retention rate of 

75.0% in FY2017 and 82.3% in FY2016. The Manager 

has also secured numerous international transport and 

logistics operators as new tenants within the portfolio and 

maintained high portfolio occupancy rates of between 

96.6% and 98.3% throughout FY2017. 

Cache Logistics Trust Sustainability Report 2017

12

SOCIAL


Quality of Suppliers 

Cache seeks to promote sustainability in its supply chain 

processes. The Manager and Property Manager work 

actively with approximately 75 suppliers in areas such 

as cleaning, security, landscaping, fire protection, pest 

control, and waste disposal. Potential vendors undergo a 

thorough procurement process which ensures that quality 

suppliers are selected based on their price, value, business 

ethics and compliance with applicable socioeconomic 

and environmental regulations. The relevant suppliers are 

required to provide information on their risk management 

plans in accordance with the Workplace Safety and Health 

Regulations 2006, including its track record in green 

projects and initiatives. On an annual basis, the Manager 

and Property Manager evaluate the performance of these 

suppliers to provide them with feedback for improvement. 

Non-compliant suppliers are penalised or terminated 

based on the contractual terms, and are barred from 

providing services in the future.

Tenant and Visitor Health,  

Safety and Security 

Approach

The Manager recognises its responsibilities in ensuring 

the health, safety and security of its stakeholders, and 

works to inculcate a “safety first mindset” throughout 

its everyday operations. Careful management of this 

matter is vital for the Manager to enhance business 

resilience and respond swiftly to potential disruptions 

and challenges. The Manager strives to provide a safe 

workplace environment for its tenants and visitors. The 

Manager has enhanced the safety and security of the 

properties through the installation of Security Access 

control system (with access barriers and electromagnetic 

locks), closed-circuit television (“CCTV”) and deployment 

of security guards. 

Regular safety inspections are carried out by the Property 

Manager at the properties to prevent accidents or related 

health issues. Potential dengue, flu pandemics and other 

hazards are promptly dealt with through strict compliance 

with safety and health standards. Regular visual checks are 

carried out by the Property Manager during inspections for 

any potential mosquito breeding grounds. Any observations 

of water ponding and stagnant water are immediately 

highlighted to the tenants for housekeeping. The Property 

Manager also appoints a licensed pest and vector control 

company to carry out weekly mosquito and monthly pest 

control at all its multi-tenanted properties.

Cache’s properties comply with the Singapore Civil Defence 

Force (“SCDF”) fire safety standards, with an Emergency 

Response Plan put in place. Licensed security officers 

assigned from security firms holding a “Grade A” rating 

patrol the properties. In addition, a designated Fire Safety 

Manager (“FSM”) is appointed for each property. Based on 

SCDF guidelines, the FSM conducts two table-top exercises 

and two fire evacuation drills annually. A Fire Evacuation Drill 

report, including details on the evacuation procedures, list 

of participants, total time taken for the evacuation process 

and recommendations for improvements, is submitted 

to the Property Manager. The FSM also ensures that the 

fire-fighting system is well maintained and secured from 

tampering, while the properties’ escape routes are clearly 

communicated to the tenants and are free of obstruction. 

Based on the Company Emergency Response Team 

(“CERT”) Scheme, Cache encourages its tenants to 

nominate their employees to be part of the team alongside 

members from the Property Manager to be trained as first 

responders in preventing emergencies from escalating 

into a major disaster at the properties. In addition, tenants 

are provided regular updates via circulars and emails on 

workplace hazard risks, safety plans and procedures. 

Information regarding safety procedures and house rules 

are provided to tenants via the Tenant Handbook, which 

contains a detailed guide on instructions and rules for fit-

out works at their premises.



DHL Supply Chain 

Advanced Regional 

Centre achieved  

the LEED Gold ® 

certification

Cache Logistics Trust Sustainability Report 2017

13

SOCIAL


Regular site inspections, as well as internal and external 

safety audits, are conducted annually on a rotational 

basis to assess the effectiveness of safety standards and 

procedures. The audits identify any building integrity issues, 

maintenance and potential safety lapses. Findings from the 

audits are followed up diligently by the Property Manager. 

In addition, during the acquisition process, the Manager 

appoints qualified professional consultants to determine 

the health and safety characteristics of the prospective 

property. The consultants perform checks on the building’s 

architectural plans, mechanical and electrical systems, fire 

compliance and structural integrity tests to uncover any 

potential health and safety issues.

Goal

The Manager strives to achieve zero cases of non-

compliance with regulations and voluntary codes 

concerning health and safety across the properties. In 

addition, the Manager shall conduct annual emergency 

response drills in response to any natural disaster or a 

black-out at its properties.

Performance 

Incidents concerning 

Health and Safety

FY2016

FY2017

Non-compliance with 

regulations resulting in 

a fine or penalty

Nil

1

Non-compliance with 

regulations resulting in 

a warning

Nil

Nil

Non-compliance with 

voluntary codes 

Nil

Nil

Figure 10: Incidents concerning health and safety  

for all properties

In FY2017, an isolated case of a National Environment 

Agency (“NEA”) notice was issued. Mosquito breeding 

was found in one of the properties due to a tenant storing 

PVC pallets within the common area at the back of the 

property. The pallets were cleared immediately and the 

composition was duly paid although the tenant was no 

longer an occupant in the property by the time the notice 

was issued. The Property Manager will continue to step 

up on preventative and detective measures to prevent a 

recurrence. The Manager has also conducted the annual 

emergency response drills at its properties in FY2017. 

Security of Information

Approach

The ever-changing IT landscape and emerging cyber threats 

pose risks and vulnerabilities to stakeholders’ confidential 

data and information. Any breakdown in IT controls can 

cause data breaches and result in significant legal and 

reputational costs to the organisation. The Manager has 

established IT controls and processes to safeguard the 

confidential information of stakeholders, to comply with the 

Personal Data Protection Act in Singapore. 

Various IT controls are established to prevent, detect 

and respond to threats concerning data security and 

confidentiality at Cache’s properties. These controls 

include firewalls, server encryption and restricted access 

rights. In addition, the ARA Group has established an IT 

Disaster Recovery Plan (“IT DRP”) that serves to minimise 

the Manager’s operational downtime and data loss, while 

ensuring a level of stability and orderly recovery. Briefings 

are held on a periodic basis to familiarise employees with 

the IT DRP procedures. Regular IT DRP exercises are carried 

out to simulate a disaster scenario where participants 

are relocated to an offsite centre with ready access to IT 

systems and restored backup database.

Goal

The Manager seeks to maintain the track record of zero 

data breaches and zero cases of non-compliance under the 

Personal Data Protection Act (“PDPA”). 

Performance

In FY2017, the Manager has met its perpetual target of 

achieving zero validated cases of data breaches and non-

compliance with respective laws. 

Cache Logistics Trust Sustainability Report 2017

14

SOCIAL


Employee Profile

Human capital is key to Cache’s long-term success. The 

Manager, along with its holding company ARA, believes 

strongly in investing in its people and creating an inclusive, 

diverse and collaborative workplace. The Manager strives 

to be an employer of choice which focuses on meritocracy, 

talent 

development, 

competitive 

compensation 

and 

employee wellness. The Manager has provided stable 

employment since its listing with no layoff through 

redundancy and its staff turnover rate is low despite the 

competitive nature of the fund management industry.

The Manager’s team comprises 11 full-time, permanent 

employees and 13 property management staff from the 

Property Manager. The Manager has maintained a diverse 

workforce in terms of age and gender, where majority of 

the employees are within the 31 to 50 years age group 

with good gender balance of male (55%) and female 

employees (45%). 

In FY2017, two new employees joined the Manager and 

one employee resigned. The number of employees in the 

senior management category increased by one. 

For more details on the Manager and Property 

Manager teams, please refer to Pages 18 to 22 in 

the Annual Report 2017. 

 Female

 Male

FY2017

FY2016

60%

45%

40%

55%

 Female

 Male

FY2017

FY2016

43%

54%

57%

46%

 Age &gt; 50 Years

 Age 31 – 50 Years

 Age ≤ 30 Years

FY2017

FY2016

20%

60%

9%

73%

20%

18%

 Senior Management

 Middle Management

 Executive

FY2017

FY2016

30%

20%

27%

18%

50%

55%

Figure 11: Percentage Composition of 

Total Employees, by Gender, 

Category and Age 

Figure 12: Percentage 

Composition of 

Property Management 

Staff, by Gender

HUMAN Capital



Cache Logistics Trust Sustainability Report 2017

15

SOCIAL


The Manager participates actively in industry events such 

as the Annual REIT Symposium 

Employee volunteers at the YMCA Proms @ the Park 

charity event 

Employee Well-being 

Approach 

Fair employment practice is an important aspect of 

attracting and retaining employees. The Manager firmly 

abides by all applicable employment laws and regulations, 

such as the Employment Act and the Central Provident 

Fund Act, and has signed a pledge with the Tripartite 

Alliance for Fair &amp; Progressive Employment Practices 

(“TAFEP”). In addition, the Manager embraces diversity 

by hiring talent from different backgrounds and provides 

equitable opportunities to its employees. All employees 

are provided with the Employee Handbook which details 

its human resource policies, employment terms, benefits 

and entitlements. 

The Manager’s employees, regardless of position, age 

and gender, are entitled to benefits such as health care, 

disability and invalidity insurance coverage, compassionate 

leave, marriage leave, retirement provision and parental 

leave. Employees are also engaged in various activities 

ranging from social events (e.g. Dinner and Dance, and 

Chinese New Year), sports and fitness programmes (e.g. 

health screening, yoga, running and Zumba) to other 

enrichment activities (e.g. wine appreciation and sushi-

making workshops). 

Goal

The Manager is committed to upholding good employment 

practices and maintaining a collaborative employer-employee 

relationship. The Manager has set a perpetual target towards 

zero validated cases of non-compliance with employment 

regulations or acts concerning employee rights.

Performance 

During FY2017, the Manager has met its perpetual target 

of zero cases of non-compliance with employment 

regulations or acts concerning employee rights.









Some of the employee engagement activities organised in FY2017: 

Cohesion activities promotes greater bonding among  

team members 

Employee volunteer runners at the Annual SGX  

Bull Charge 

Cache Logistics Trust Sustainability Report 2017

16

SOCIAL


SINGAPORE

Talent Development

Approach

In support of talent development and succession planning, 

the Manager has adopted ARA’s Performance and Career 

Development Policy. The policy details a well-structured 

employment category and grading system which provides 

career progression, job rotations and training.

Adopting an Open Appraisal System, the CEO and 

Heads of Departments meet up with employees face-

to-face to discuss their individual performance, areas of 

responsibilities and areas for improvement. A mid-year 

review session is conducted to provide feedback and 

guidance to employees. In addition, high performers are 

identified and groomed for potential leadership positions.

The Manager believes in investing in learning and 

development initiatives to build a competent team that will 

drive the long-term success of Cache. The ARA Group’s 

HR department works closely with the CEO and Heads of 

Departments to identify the learning needs of employees 

based on the individual’s performance appraisal and the 

ARA Competency Framework of Self Mastery, People 

Skills, Strategic Alignment and Business Alignment.

The ARA Group HR department supports the Manager 

with suitable training programmes where employees are 

Figure 13: Average Training Hours per Employee, by Gender

Figure 14: Average Training Hours per Employee, by Category

kept updated on their individual training needs and the 

relevant courses to attend. A bi-annual training newsletter 

is also circulated to all staff to keep them informed of the 

latest training trends and developments.

Goal

The Manager seeks to achieve an average of 26 training 

hours per employee annually through the implementation 

of an e-training module which allows employees to apply 

for courses and track their training progress. The Manager 

aims to maintain an effective appraisal system. 

Performance

In FY2017, the Manager surpassed its target of an average 

of 46 training hours per employee, as compared to  

34 training hours in FY2016. The increase in training 

hours is attributed to employees getting trained on new 

regulatory updates. In addition, all employees received 

regular performance and development reviews during 

FY2017. Training hours for middle management decreased 

in FY2017 as there were more trainings conducted on a 

new accounting system implemented during FY2016. 

Average  

Training  

Hours

Average  

Training  

Hours

50

40

30

20

10

0

80

60

40

20

0

 Executive

 Middle Management

 Senior Management

 Male

 Female

FY2016

FY2016

FY2017

FY2017

35

28

32

24

40

47

47

73

47

45

Cache Logistics Trust Sustainability Report 2017

17

SOCIAL


Occupational Health and Safety

Approach

The Manager greatly values the health, safety and well-

being of its employees as positive morale and satisfaction 

contribute directly to productivity. In line with the 

Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety and Security initiatives 

mentioned, the Manager actively promotes a safety 

culture that has no tolerance for injuries at the workplace. 

The Manager is committed to providing a healthy and safe 

environment for its employees and seeks to ensure that 

operations comply with the relevant Occupational Health 

and Safety regulations. Fire drills and evacuation exercises 

relating to safety principles, fire hazard, preventive 

gears and exit routes to raise employee awareness and 

preparedness are conducted regularly. Regular safety 

inspections are also carried out at the workplace for a safe 

environment. In addition, the Manager works with the ARA 

Group HR department to organise employee wellness 

and engagement programs such as subsidised gym 

memberships, annual health screenings and luncheons 

on health-related topics such as stress management and 

healthy eating. 

ABSENTEE 

DAYS

FY2016

FY2017

Male

Female

Total

Male

Female

Total

Total days scheduled to be worked

1,566

1,044

2,610

1,560

1,300

2,860

Total days of absence

29.0

10.5

39.5

21.5

14.5

36.0

Absentee Rate

1.85%

1.01%

1.51%

1.38%

1.12%

1.26%

Figure 15: Employee Absentee Days and Rates, by Gender

Goal

The Manager has a perpetual target of zero cases of 

reportable serious work-related injuries and strives to 

uphold its good track record of maintaining a safe working 

environment for its employees. The Manager also tracks 

the absentee rates as an indicator of employee health  

and wellness. 

Performance 

The Manager has a long-standing record of zero fatalities, 

injuries, occupational diseases and lost days achieved in 

both FY2016 and FY2017 for all employees and property 

management staff. In FY2017, the Manager recorded lower 

absentee rates of 1.26%, a drop from 1.51% in FY2016. 

Cache Logistics Trust Sustainability Report 2017

18

SOCIAL




CONSERVING  

the Environment 

Approach

The Manager recognises the impact that its business 

has on the environment and that it has a role to play 

in conserving the environment. The Manager seeks to 

improve the energy efficiency in the properties to reduce 

its carbon footprint and utilities costs. While the Manager 

and Property Manager do not have operational control over 

tenants’ electricity consumption resources, efforts have 

been directed towards raising environmental awareness 

and educating the tenants about eco-friendly practices. 

Some of these practices are detailed below in Figure 16. 

In addition, the Manager encourages its employees to adopt 

green practices on a day-to-day basis to foster the culture 

of environmental conservation. Some examples include 

providing recycling bins in the office, reminders to staff to 

turn off all electricity when not in use and to print double-

sided on office documents to reduce paper usage. 

Goal

The Manager is committed to complying with the relevant 

environmental standards. 

Dialogues and discussions with 

tenants to highlight key benefits  

of reduced and responsible  

energy usage

Equipping the properties’  

fixtures with efficient technology, 

including retrofitting of  

energy-saving LED lighting, 

installing of solar panels, etc.

Utilising occupancy sensors 

that will turn off non-essential or 

idle facilities, including lighting, 

elevators, etc. 

Use of low emissivity glass on 

building windows to improve 

insulation

Utilising historical usage 

data analysis to monitor the 

properties’ energy usage

Minimising reliance on  

equipment with heavy energy 

consumption and shifting 

towards energy efficient designs

Figure 16: Cache’s initiatives and actions for energy and emission management

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint

The Manager is committed to identifying and responding 

to climate change risks and environmental impacts to 

its logistics real estate portfolio. The Manager aligns 

itself with the ARA Group’s Climate Change Adaptation 

Policy which establishes the three overarching principles 

of Compliance, Conservation and Communication. 

In this report, the environmental data on electricity is 

presented with narratives on the consumption trends 

and fluctuations. The Manager is currently in the midst 

of collecting more data for assessing its environmental 

targets to be established for the forthcoming years.

Cache Logistics Trust Sustainability Report 2017

19

ENVIRONMENT 


NOTE:

1 The environmental scope of reporting has been restricted to the landlord’s energy consumption for common areas under the Manager’s operational 

control, which excludes the tenanted areas of the logistics properties. FY2016’s consumption data also includes the annualised consumption of  

Hi-Speed Logistics Centre from 16 October 2016 to 31 December 2016 as it was converted to multi-tenancy on 16 October 2016.

Performance1

From FY2016 to FY2017, the energy consumption rose from 

1.91 GWh to 2.65 GWh while the energy intensity increased 

from 9.7 to 13.4 kWh/sq. ft. The increase is largely due to 

DHL Supply Chain Advanced Regional Centre becoming 

fully operational in 2017 with increased operational hours, 

and higher energy consumption at the vacant units at Cold 

Centre due to the refrigeration system maintenance works 

and site viewings by prospective tenants.

The Manager has considered water and waste 

management as potential sustainability matters during 

the materiality assessment. However due to the nature of 

its logistics properties, the Manager has determined that 

there is currently no significant environmental impact from 

water and waste management and will continue to monitor 

them closely. In FY2017, the Manager has complied with 

the relevant environmental standards.

Figure 17: Aggregated Electrical Energy Consumption &amp; Intensity and Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions &amp; Intensity 

in FY2016 and FY2017

FY2016

FY2016

FY2017

FY2017

Energy 

Consumption 

(GWh)

Aggregated 

Energy Indirect 

(Scope 2) GHG 

Emissions 

(kilotonnes CO2) 

Energy  

Intensity  

(kWh/sq. ft.)

Aggregated 

Energy Indirect 

(Scope 2) GHG 

Emissions 

Intensity  

(kgCO2 /sq. ft.)

3.0

2.5

2.0

1.5

1.0

.5

0

14

12

10

8

6

4

2

0

7

6

5

4

3

2

1

0

1.2

1.0

0.8

0.6

0.4

0.2

0

 Energy Intensity

 Emissions Intensity

1.9

0.8

1.1

2.7

13.4

5.7

4.1

9.7

Cache Logistics Trust Sustainability Report 2017

20

ENVIRONMENT 


This section explains the key definitions and methodologies applied for Cache Logistics Trust’s sustainability report. 

These are adapted in the context of the GRI Standards Glossary and the Reporting Requirements, Recommendations 

and Guidance set out in the respective disclosures and various authoritative intergovernmental instruments.

SOCIAL

Employee

Employees are defined as individuals who are in an 

employment relationship with the Manager. 

New hires and turnover

Employee movement within each financial year is 

recorded and presented as a year-end headcount.

New hires are defined as new employees that have 

joined the Manager during the year.

Turnover is defined as all employees that have 

left the Manager voluntarily, or due to dismissal, 

retirement or death in service during the year.

Training hours

Average training hours per employee is the total 

number of training hours provided to employees, 

relative to the total number of employees, during 

the year.

Average training hours per female/(male) employee 

is the total number of training hours provided to 

female/(male) employees, relative to the total number 

of female/(male) employees, during the year.

Average training hours per employee category is 

the total number of training hours provided to each 

category of employees, relative to the total number 

of employees in the category, during the year.

Absentee days and absentee rate

Absentee days are measured in terms of business 

days. An absentee day occurs when the employee 

is absent from work because of any incapacity, not 

just as a result of work-related injury or disease. 

It excludes permitted leave absences such as 

holidays, study, parental and compassionate leave.

Absentee rate is the total absentee days lost, 

relative to the number of total days scheduled to be 

worked by the employees in the reporting period, 

expressed as a percentage.

ENVIRONMENT

Consolidation approach

The equity share approach, as outlined in the GHG 

Protocol Corporate Standard, is used to determine 

organisational boundaries for Cache Logistics 

Trust’s environmental reporting. 

Energy consumption

Energy consumption is expressed in gigawatt hours 

(symbol: GWh). 

Energy intensity

This is the ratio of energy consumed relative to  

the common floor areas in square feet (symbol: 

kWh/sq.ft.).

GHG emissions

This report discloses the Scope 2 GHG emissions for 

Cache Logistics Trust properties.

• Scope 2 GHG emissions are emissions that result 

from the generation of purchased or acquired 

electricity, heating, cooling, and steam 

consumed by the organisation. In the scope of 

reporting, this only relates to purchased electricity 

and is expressed in kilotonnes of CO2. A location-

based method is adopted, which reflects the 

GHG emissions of the grids on which energy 

consumption occurs. In Singapore, the emission 

factor used is the grid emission factors for 2016 

which is the latest estimate, obtained from “2017 

Singapore Energy Statistics” published by the 

Energy Market Authority of Singapore in 2017.

GHG emissions intensity

This is the ratio of GHG emissions relative to the 

total gross floor area in square feet (symbol:  

kgCO2/sq.ft.).

Cache Logistics Trust Sustainability Report 2017

21

METHODOLOGICAL REVIEW


GRI Standard 

Disclosure Reference

Description

Report Section

Page 

Number

GRI 102: General Disclosures

Organisational Profile

102-1

Name of the organisation

About Cache Logistics Trust

Pg. 1

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and 

services

About Cache Logistics Trust

Pg. 1

102-3

Location of headquarters

About Cache Logistics Trust

Pg. 1

102-4

Location of operations

About Cache Logistics Trust

Pg. 1

102-5

Ownership and legal form

About Cache Logistics Trust

Pg. 1

102-6

Markets served

About Cache Logistics Trust

Pg. 1

102-7

Scale of the organisation

About Cache Logistics Trust

Pg. 1

102-8

Information on employees and other 

property management staff

Human Capital

Pg. 15

102-9

Supply chain

Quality of Suppliers

Pg. 13

102-10

Significant changes to the 

organisation and its supply chain

This is Cache’s inaugural sustainability report 

–

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

Risk Management

Pg. 11

102-12

External initiatives

Not applicable

–

102-13

Membership of associations

Stakeholder Engagement

Pg. 5

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior  

decision-maker

Board Statement

Pg. 2

Ethics and Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and 

norms of behaviour

Vision, Mission and Values

Pg. 1

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

Refer to pages 75 to 84 of the Annual Report 2017

Responsibility for Sustainability Governance

Pg. 8

102-22

Composition of the highest 

governance body and its committees

Refer to pages 75 to 89 of the Annual Report 2017

102-23

Chair of the highest governance 

body

Refer to page 77 of the Annual Report 2017

102-24

Nominating and selecting the 

highest governance body

Refer to pages 77 and 78 of the Annual Report 2017

102-25

Conflicts of interest

Refer to pages 86 to 89 of the Annual Report 2017

102-29

Identifying and managing economic, 

environmental, and social impacts

Materiality Assessment

Pg. 6

102-32

Highest governance body’s role in 

sustainability reporting

Board Statement

Pg. 2

Responsibility for Sustainability Governance

Pg. 8

GRI Content Index – Core Option

Cache Logistics Trust Sustainability Report 2017

22

GRI CONTENT INDEX


GRI Standard 

Disclosure Reference

Description

Report Section

Page 

Number

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder Engagement

Pg. 4-5

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Not applicable

–

102-42

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders

Stakeholder Engagement

Pg. 4-5

102-43

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement

Stakeholder Engagement

Pg. 4-5

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder Engagement

Pg. 4-5

Reporting Practice

102-45

Entities included in the  

consolidated financial 

About This Report

Pg. 3

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries

Materiality Assessment

Pg. 6

102-47

List of material topics

Materiality Assessment

Pg. 6

102-48

Restatement of information

This is Cache’s inaugural sustainability report

–

102-49

Changes in reporting

This is Cache’s inaugural sustainability report

–

102-50

Reporting period

About This Report

Pg. 3

102-51

Date of most recent report

This is Cache’s inaugural sustainability report

–

102-52

Reporting cycle

About This Report

Pg. 3

102-53

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report

About This Report

Pg. 3

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance 

with the GRI Standards

About This Report

Pg. 3

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index – Core

Pg. 22-24

102-56

External assurance

About This Report

Pg. 3

GRI 103: Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and 

its boundary

About This Report

Pg. 3

Materiality Assessment

Pg. 6

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Upholding Strong Governance

Pg. 8-11

Delivering Exceptional Value

Pg. 12-18

Conserving the Environment

Pg. 19-20

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Upholding Strong Governance

Pg. 8-11

Delivering Exceptional Value

Pg. 12-18

Conserving the Environment

Pg. 19-20

Topic-specific GRI Standard Disclosures

GRI 205: Anti-corruption

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption 

and actions taken

Ethical Business Conduct

Pg. 11

GRI Content Index – Core Option

Cache Logistics Trust Sustainability Report 2017

23

GRI CONTENT INDEX


GRI Standard 

Disclosure Reference

Description

Report Section

Page 

Number

GR 302: Energy

302-1

Energy consumption within  

the organisation

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint

Pg. 20

302-3

Energy Intensity

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint

Pg. 20

GRI 305: Emissions

305-2

Energy indirect greenhouse gas 

(GHG) emissions (scope 2)

Energy Consumption and Carbon Footprint

Pg. 20

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations

Regulatory Compliance

Pg. 10

GRI 401: Employment 

401-1

New employee hires and employee 

turnover

Employee Profile

Pg. 15

401-2

Benefits provided to full-time 

employees that are not provided to 

temporary or part-time employees

Employee Well-being

Pg. 16

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, 

and absenteeism, and number of 

work- related fatalities

Occupational Health and Safety

Pg. 18

GRI 404: Training and Education

404-1

Average hours of training per year 

per employee

Talent Development

Pg. 17

404-3

Percentage of employees receiving 

regular performance and career 

development reviews

Talent Development

Pg. 17

GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning the health and safety 

impacts of products and services

Tenant and Visitor Health, Safety and Security

Pg. 13

GRI 418: Customer Privacy

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning 

breaches of customer privacy and 

losses of customer data

Security of Information

Pg. 14

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and 

economic area

Regulatory Compliance

Pg. 10

GRI Content Index – Core Option

Cache Logistics Trust Sustainability Report 2017

24

GRI CONTENT INDEX


This page is intentionally left blank.


MANAGED BY

ARA-CWT Trust Management (Cache) Limited 

6 Temasek Boulevard, #16-02 

Suntec Tower Four, Singapore 038986

Tel: (65) 6835 9232  

Fax: (65) 6835 9672

www.cache-reit.com



