


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ARION ENTERTAINMENT 

SINGAPORE LIMITED 

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore) 

(Company Registration Number: 199407135Z) 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 


1 

 

Content Page 

About This Report ........................................................ 2 

Board Statement .......................................................... 3 

Corporate Profile .......................................................... 4 

Group Structure ........................................................... 5 

Board of Directors ........................................................ 6 

Corporate Information ................................................. 7 

Stakeholder Engagement ............................................ 8 

Materiality .................................................................... 9 

Anti-Corruption ........................................................... 10 

Energy ........................................................................ 11 

Non-Discrimination .................................................... 12 

Local Communities .................................................... 13 

Customer Privacy ....................................................... 15 

GRI Content Index ..................................................... 16 

 

 

 


2 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

Arion Entertainment Singapore Limited (the “Company” and together with its subsidiary corporations, the 

“Group” or “we” or “us” or “our”), commits our sustainability efforts through our inaugural sustainability 

report (the “Report” or “Sustainability Report”), prepared on a ‘comply or explain’ basis in accordance with 

Rule 711B and Practice Note 7F of Listing Manual Section B: Rules of the Catalist of the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) and in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative 

(“GRI”) Standards (2016) – Core Option.  

This Report covers data and information for the financial year from 1 April 2017 to 31 March 2018 

(“FY2018”) across one of the Company’s subsidiary corporation, Inovatif Media Asia Sdn Bhd (“Inovatif”) 

as it is the sole operating entity for the Group in FY2018. Within this Report, we will be discussing the 

Group’s achievements and performance towards Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) issues 

displayed through Inovatif.  

We have adopted the GRI reporting framework for its robust regime and we have looked into using the 

principles of stakeholder inclusiveness, sustainability context, materiality and completeness to put 

together a comprehensive report. And for its quality, we have applied the GRI principles of accuracy, 

balance, clarity, comparability, reliability and timeliness. Please refer to GRI Content Index, which 

summarises information in our Report.  

We have not sought external assurance for the Sustainability Report for FY2018. 

 

Report Contact and Feedback 

We welcome your feedback and for any queries or suggestions in relation to this Sustainability Report, 

you could reach us at: http://www.egl.com.sg/contact-us.html 

 

 

 

 

 


3 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

Sustainability Strategy 

With the ever changing conditions for a business, the Group is aware and is constantly steadying 

ourselves to continue to face myriads of challenges along the road to our future growth. As we reflect on 

the operations and environment of FY2018, we look forward to continue developing the Group to 

embrace future challenges. 

We would like to thank our shareholders and business partners as we present our inaugural Sustainability 

Report, communicating to our stakeholders on the sustainability strategy and how they will aid in our ESG 

performance. 

Sustainability Governance 

The Board took into consideration the various sustainability issues into its strategic formulation and has 

tasked the responsibility in monitoring and overseeing of the Group’s sustainability efforts to the senior 

management of the various subsidiary corporations. The Board continues to oversee the management on 

the monitoring of material ESG factors and the selection of the ESG factors for this Report.   

Sustainability Factors 

As we continue to monitor and evaluate performance of the Group, we consistently identify and keep 

track of our performance with regard to the material ESG factors and ensure that they remain relevant. In 

this Report, we aim to present the progress we made relating to the ESG factors, the monitoring and the 

methods and ways used to engage our stakeholders in a bid to make a positive impact in the factors 

identified. 

 

 


4 

 

CORPORATE PROFILE 

 

Mission 

To build shareholder value by focusing our efforts and resources into areas with high growth potential. 

Key Objectives 

Diversify revenue and earnings stream through various platforms. 

Continuously review the performance of the publishing operations as part of the Group's effort to 

rationalise the publishing operation and improve profitability. 

About us  

Arion Entertainment Singapore Limited (“AES”) was incorporated in 1994 as Panpac Media Group 

Limited and listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange's SESDAQ in 1997. Formerly known as 

Elektromotive Group Limited (LEX: SP), we are an investment holding company with publishing business 

in Malaysia. We divested our electric vehicles charging solutions business on 25 January 2017.  

About Inovatif Media Asia Sdn Bhd (Inovatif) 

A wholly-owned subsidiary of AES, Inovatif Media Asia Sdn Bhd was incorporated in 2002 to take over 

the operations of all the magazines under Panpac Media Malaysia Group.  

Panpac Media Malaysia Group was then a leading niche publishers of several magazines and periodicals 

since 1995. All the companies in the Panpac Media Malaysia Group have remained dormant and 

subsequently struck off after operations were transferred to Inovatif. 

Currently, Inovatif publishes the following magazines:  

a) Smart Investor – business and investment magazine 

b) Calibre - a business/lifestyle magazine for Public Mutual group 

c) Feng – a Chinese language business/lifestyle magazine for Public Mutual group 

Besides publishing proprietary titles, Inovatif also provides contract publishing service. Currently Inovatif 

is the contract publisher for 4E Journal, a financial magazine circulated to members of Financial Planning 

Association of Malaysia (“FPAM”). 

Inovatif has provided contract publishing service to Pertubuhan Arkitek Malaysia (PAM) for the 

Architecture Malaysia journal from 2007 to 2011 and work on ad-hoc architecture/design coffee table 

books.  

Inovatif has been working with financial organisations including FPAM as media partners to their events 

and also organised events with their clients for the benefit of the public. 

 


5 

 

100% 

100% 

100% 

100% 

78.2% 

60% 

GROUP STRUCTURE  

 

AS AT 31 MARCH 2018 

@ 

Struck off from the Register of Companies in January 2019 

* 

Struck off from the Register of Companies in February 2019 

 

During the FY2018, there were some disposals of the Group’s subsidiary corporations as follows: 

S/N 

Subsidiary Corporations 

Previous Shareholdings 

Struck off Date 

1. 

MOB Holdings Pte Ltd 

100% 

June 2017 

2. 

Lifestyle Magazines Publishing Pte Ltd 

100% 

June 2017 

3. 

Smartinvestor Pte Ltd 

100% 

June 2017 

4. 

Lexicon F&amp;B Pte Ltd 

100% 

July 2017 

5. 

Panpac Marketing &amp; Circulation Pte Ltd 

100% 

November 2017 

6. 

TLG Specialist Magazines Pte Ltd 

100% 

November 2017 

7. 

AES Business Ventures Pte Ltd 

100% 

February 2018 

 

 

Arion Entertainment 

Singapore Limited

Panpac Tech Strategic 

Ltd

Inovatif Media Asia 

Sdn. Bhd.

E-Motive (Asia) Pte 

Ltd@

TLG Properties Pte Ltd

Auston Technology 

Group Pte Ltd

Romulus Holdings Pte 

Ltd*


6 

 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

 

Our Group is headed by an effective Board which sets goals, reviews and advises on overall strategies 

and directions, oversees the effectiveness of the management and assumes responsibilities for overall 

corporate governance of our Group to ensure the Group’s strategies are in the best interests of the 

Company and its stakeholders. Details of our Board members and respective committees for FY2018 are 

as follows: 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

Ng Kai Man  

(Executive Director) 

Chou Kong Seng  

(Independent Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee) 

Roy Ling Chung Yee (1)  

(Independent Director and Chairman of the Remuneration Committee) 

Kesavan Nair  

(Independent Director and Chairman of the Nomination Committee) 

Lee Keng Mun  

(Independent Director) 

AUDIT COMMITTEE 

Chou Kong Seng 

Roy Ling Chung Yee 

Kesavan Nair 

NOMINATING COMMITTEE 

Kesavan Nair (Chairman) 

Lee Keng Mun  

Tai Kok Chuan (2) 

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE 

Roy Ling Chung Yee (Chairman) 

Lee Keng Mun 

Kesavan Nair 

 

 

 

(1) Prof. Roy Ling Chung Yee has retired and did not seek re-election at the AGM held on 31 July 2018. 

(2) Mr Tai Kok Chuan ceased as an Independent Non-Executive Director on 6 March 2018 

 

 

 

 


 

7 

 

CORPORATE INFORMATION 

 

Training and updates for the Board 

Newly appointed Directors will be briefed by the Executive Director on the Directors’ duties and 

obligations, as well as the Group’s organization structure, business and governance practices. 

The Directors receives updates on regulatory changes and Companies Act from the Company Secretary 

and accounting standards from the independent auditors. The Executive Director also updates the Board 

at each Board meeting on business and strategic developments and also highlights the salient issues as 

well as the risk management considerations for the Group. 

 

Supply chain management 

We aim to build a responsible and sustainable supply chain by extending the application of responsible 

business practices to our local partners and suppliers. As a publisher, we engage suppliers which have 

been ISO 14001:2015 certified to assist us in publishing and printing services. By selecting an ISO 

14001:2015 certified company, it ensures that we are engaging an organization that had proven to 

improve their environmental performance through more efficient use of resources and reduction of waste, 

gaining a competitive advantage and the trust of stakeholder. With the website of Smart Investor, we are 

also looking at alternatives of traditional publishing, reducing paper waste whilst expanding our outreach. 

 

Memberships of Associations and permits 

Company 

Type of Membership/Permits/Certifications 

Inovatif Media Asia Sdn. Bhd 

Publications:  

Feng, Calibre and Smart Investor 

Printing and publishing deeds 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


8 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT  

 

Stakeholder 

Key Concerns 

Engagement Activities 

Expectations and Actions 

Supplier 

Communication 

Quality 

Eco-friendly 

 

Regular meetings 

Supplier Assessment 

Feedback 

 

We aim to comply with 

internal purchasing 

procedures and ensure that 

consistent communication 

with suppliers to ensure 

efficiency, quality and 

retention of environment 

friendly suppliers. 

Customers 

Outreach 

Value 

Confidentiality of 

personal data 

 

Brochures distribution 

Formal meeting  

Feedback from sales agents and 

customers 

Establishment of data protection 

policy to safeguard customer 

personal data 

We aim to expand our 

outreach and continue to 

provide exemplary services 

to our customers through 

communication and analysis 

while safeguarding the 

personal data of our 

customers. 

 

Employees 

Opportunities 

Fairness 

 

Communication sessions  

Yearly staff evaluations 

We aim to provide constant 

communication to our 

employees and ensure fair 

and non-discriminatory 

practices at our workplace 

Shareholders 

Company Growth 

Transparency 

Annual Meetings with shareholders   

Websites 

Announcements on SGX 

 

We aim to convey timely, full 

and credible information to 

shareholders through 

announcements and create 

long term value and 

economic growth.   

Readers 

Good Content 

Accessibility 

Feedback from readers 

Roadshows 

Information analysis and surveys 

We aim to continue to obtain 

reader's feedback and 

translate their demographics 

and concerns to better 

content for further outreach. 

Government 

and 

Regulators 

Compliances 

Regulatory and 

industry 

standards and 

guidelines 

Consultations and briefing 

organised by key regulatory bodies 

Advice and information received 

from professionals such as lawyer, 

external auditor and  Company’s 

sponsor  

 

We aim to comply to 

governmental policies and 

regulations to achieve 

compliance to all relevant 

regulations. 

 

 

 


 

9 

 

MATERIALITY 

We have considered the economic, environmental and social impacts various ESG factors where the 

Group have managed to create an impact to our various stakeholders. Together with the inputs gathered 

from our stakeholder engagement process, we have identified and prioritised the following factors to 

provide our stakeholders with better clarity on our operations with considerations to the factors below.  

Type 

Factor 

Governance 

 

Environmental 

 

Social 

 

Governance 



 

 

 



 





2. Energy 



4. Local Communities 

3. Non-discrimination 


10 

 

ANTI CORRUPTION  

 

The Board of Directors and the Group recognises the significance of sound corporate governance in 

ensuring greater transparency, protecting the interests of its shareholders as well as strengthening 

investors’ confidence in its management and financial reporting. It is committed to maintaining a high 

standard of corporate governance within the Group based on which its operations, businesses and 

strategies are directed and controlled. 

We prohibit any form of corruption practices within our Group as it has strong negative impact and must 

be eliminated to build a sustainable, inclusive and transparent society. Anti-corruption efforts taken by the 

Company includes regular updates and training provided to the Board which includes updates on 

regulations and Companies Act. Additionally, updates to the Board on the strategic developments also 

allow the Board to keep abreast of the latest developments and potential risks arising. 

Conflict of interests, if applicable, are required to be declared on an ad-hoc basis. With guidance provided 

to the employees and the Board through communication about conflict of interest, it allows employees to 

make such declaration where interests and conflicts arises. Additionally, the Company has in place 

whistle-blowing policies and arrangements by which staff may, in confidence, raise concerns about 

possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters, acting as a deterrence to any 

potential corruption. 

During FY2018, we are proud to mention that there were zero cases of corruption and there were no 

whistle blowing reports received. 

Target for subsequent reporting:  

With the strong corporate governance and anti-corruption culture established, our Group intend to 

continue its efforts in maintaining its zero incidence of corruptions. We would also continue to ensure all 

anti-corruption information are consistently communicated to our employees, management and the Board 

and establish anti-corruption policy such as conflict of interest. 

 

 

 


 

11 

 

ENERGY 

 

With the daily operations of Inovatif requiring various type of energy consumption, we are consistently 

looking at alternatives for and increasing in our sustainability efforts. During FY2018, the amount of 

energy consumed were as below: 

 

Type 

Units 

Water 

195m3 

Electricity 

30,106kwh 

 

 

Understanding that reducing energy usage would allow the Group to obtain both costs savings and be 

more environmentally friendly, the Company has reduced the electricity consumption by switching to 

energy efficient LED light bulbs and energy saving air-conditioners. The office has also been renovated to 

a more efficient and energy saving design as we lowered the ceiling of the office and partitioned certain 

areas in office, minimising space to be air conditioned and be more energy efficient since November 

2017. This resulted in a year-on-year reduction on usage of electricity of 6,072.5kwh as well as a saving 

of RM 12,145 for the calendar year of 2018. In addition, the Group is constantly looking for energy saving 

alternatives in a bid to create an environmental friendly workplace and promote such a culture to our 

employees. 

Target for subsequent reporting:  

Our Group intend to continue our efforts in reducing the amount of energy consumed through our 

operational activities. We would continue to look for alternatives and explore initiatives which assist in 

contributing to our sustainability efforts as well as long term reduction of energy costs. 

 

 

 


12 

 

NON-DISCRIMINATION 

 

We are committed to the goals of diversity and equal opportunity in employment. We aim to provide a 

work environment for employees that foster fairness, equity and respect for social and cultural diversity, 

regardless of their age, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, disability, race, nationality, ethnic, national 

origin or religion. 

Currently, the Group employees comprises 11 staff with 3 management level staff and 2 executive staff. 

With regards to gender composition, 55% of our total workforce is made up of female employees whilst 

the percentage of female managers is approximately 67% of total managers providing a clear signal that 

gender inequality is not present in the Group. 

To promote equal opportunity, the Group has a comprehensive Human Resource Policy to ensure 

employees are selected based on merit and competency. We also perform annual staff assessment to 

share information with all levels of staff and align business goals and objectives with employees. 

Additionally, with the flat structure of reporting cultivated by the Group, we ensure that two-way 

communication is always available to all our employees and any complaints could be raised to the Human 

Resource Department for further actions and discussions. 

During FY2018, we are proud to mention that there were zero incidents of discrimination recorded by the 

Group. 

Target for subsequent reporting:  

Our Group intends to continue to promote our non-discrimination culture, ensuring that regardless of 

gender, social or cultural diversity, all employees in the Company are treated fairly and ensured to have 

equal chances in all aspects of work. We would also target to maintain our record of zero incidents of 

discriminations. 

 

 


 

13 

 

LOCAL COMMUNITIES 

 

As a publishing company, Inovatif publishes 3 in-house publications, mainly Smart Investor, a business 

and investment magazine, Calibre, a business/lifestyle magazine for Public Mutual group and Feng, a 

business/lifestyle read in Chinese for Public Mutual group. 

Through the editorial content in the various publications, Inovatif promotes awareness about local 

communities to our readers.  The content ranges from business, investing, health and wellness, cultures, 

arts to family relationship and Inovatif always strive to incorporate local culture and society relevance into 

these contents. Inovatif hopes that the publications which are available to the public would provide 

valuable knowledge and insight on specific topics whilst we seek to establish ourselves as a source of 

entertainment and knowledge. 

With the publication of the following magazines, we have an estimated readership as follow: 

Locations in Malaysia 

Smart Investor 

Calibre 

Feng 

East Malaysia (Sabah &amp; Sarawak) 

8,070 

9,600 

3,000 

East Coast (Terengganu, kelantan, 

Pahang) 

- 

5,600 

1,000 

Northern Region (Perak, kedah, Perlis, 

Penang) 

6,456 

18,400 

5,000 

Southern Region (Johor, Melaka, 

N.Sembilan) 

6,456 

14,400 

3,600 

Central Region (Kuala Lumpur / Selangor) 

32,818 

30,400 

7,000 

Others 

- 

16,00 

400 

Total Readers 

53,800 

80,000 

20,000 

 

In other forms of outreach, our Smart Investor magazine has over the years been supporting events and 

conferences that promotes the business and financial industry in Malaysia with events organized by 

Financial Planning Association of Malaysia (FPAM), Federation of Investment Managers Malaysia 

(FiMM), Malaysia Investor Relations Association (MIRA) and many other events that promotes business 

and financial well-being awareness.  

In addition, Inovatif has also organised conferences and events that promote investments and financial 

planning to create awareness on the importance of investment and financial knowledge to the public.  

Some of the events previously organized by Smart Investor magazine are as follow: 

1) Malaysia’s Private Pension and Healthcare: Opportunities and Collaborative Strategies Conference 

2010 and 2011. This event aided the implementation of some policy changes by the government as 

follows: 

 

a) Keynote speaker, Employees Provident Fund (EPF)  chief executive officer Tan Sri Azlan Zainol 

announced the EPF fund proposes that the retirement age to be raised to 60 as the retirement 

period was one of the contributing factors which resulted in insufficient retirement savings. A new 

law for the increase in retirement age, Minimum Retirement Age 2012 was passed soon after the 

event.   

b) The event also helped to highlight the need for more retirement funds, and thus expedite the 

launch of Private Retirement Scheme (PRS) in Malaysia in July 2012. 


14 

 

 

2) Understanding Investment and Financial planning – Talk on Gold, Derivatives and other alternative 

investments 2016; and Smart Investment Talk Series - 2014, 2015. 

We have also been supporting and helping out in events that promote business and financial literacy 

throughout the years as follow: 

1) Smart Investor magazine has been a strong supporter for events and conferences that promotes 

business and financial literacy in Malaysia. In 2018, Smart Investor has worked with and supported 

events like Financial Planning Symposium 2018, an event organised by financial planning 

associations in Malaysia; Investor Relation Awards 2018 by the Malaysia Investor Relations 

Association (MIRA), as well as Federation of Investment Managers Malaysia (FiMM) Annual 

Convention 2018. 

 

2) Smart Investor is also the co-organiser for the annual Morningstar Malaysia Award, the latest being 

the 2018 Morningstar Malaysia Award.  Morningstar Inc., is an international independent investment 

research worldwide, where the Award recognises unit trust funds performances.  

Target for subsequent reporting:  

Our Group would continue our emphasis to contribute to the people closest to us, our employees, 

consumers and their relevant communities. With the editorial content we publish and the events which we 

organise and support as media partners, we aim to continue to deliver and produce content which have 

positive social impacts and to extend our influence to more people in Malaysia. 

 

 

 


 

15 

 

Customer Privacy 

 

The importance of customer privacy and ensuring that confidential information are secure are one of the 

focuses of the Company. The Company only collects essential information from the relevant subscribers, 

readers and customers and uses the information solely for the Company’s purpose. All our employees 

are expected to be compliant to the Personal Data Protection Act of Malaysia and we ensure that no 

external parties have access to the information collected by the Company. All information are kept in 

secure infrastructure or are password protected and only the authorised personnel of the Company has 

access to such information.  

During FY2018, there were no substantiated complaints received about breaches of customer privacy, no 

complaints received from outside parties and regulatory bodies. There were also no identified leaks, 

thefts, or losses of customer data.  

Target for subsequent reporting:  

Our Group intends to continue targeting to maintain our record of zero incidents of discriminations. 

Understanding the importance and emphasis on customer privacy, we are looking to establish policies 

and procedures for measures in safeguarding the customer information held by the Company. 

 

 


16 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page 

Reference 

and Reasons for 

Omission, 

if 

applicable 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

GRI 

102: 

General 

Disclosures 

2016 

Organisational Profile 

102-1 Name of the organisation  

Cover Page 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

Pg 4 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

Annual Report, Pg 2 

102-4 Location of operations 

Pg 4 

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

Pg 4,5 

102-6 Markets served 

Pg 4 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

Pg 5,12  

102-8 Information on employees and other workers  

Pg 12 

102-9 Supply chain  

Pg 7 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

Pg 5,7 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

Pg 2 

102-12 External initiatives 

 

Pg 13-14 

102-13 Membership of associations 

Pg 7 

Strategy 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

Pg 3 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

Pg 4 

Governance 

102-18 Governance structure 

Pg 6 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

Pg 8 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

N/A 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Pg 8 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Pg 8 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

Pg 8  

Reporting Practice 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Annual Report 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Pg 2 

102-47 List of material topics 

Pg 9 

102-48 Restatements of information 

N/A, this is our first 

report 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

N/A, this is our first 

report 

102-50 Reporting period 

Pg 2 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

N/A, this is our first 

report 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

Pg 2 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Pg 2 


 

17 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX (Cont’d) 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference 

and Reasons for 

Omission, 

if 

applicable 

 

Reporting Practice (Cont’d) 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

Pg 2 

102-55 GRI content index 

Pg 16-17 

102-56 External assurance 

Pg 2 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

Anti-corruption 

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Pg 10 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Pg 10 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Pg 10 

GRI 

205: 

Anti-

corruption 

205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

Pg 10 

205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption 

policies and procedures  

Pg 10 

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken  

Pg 10 

Energy 

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Pg 11 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Pg 11 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Pg 11 

GRI 302: Energy 

 

302-1 Energy consumption within the organization 

Pg 11 

302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organization 

Pg 11 

302-3 Energy intensity 

Pg 11 

302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 

Pg 11 

302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and 

services 

Pg 11 

Non- Discrimination 

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Pg 12 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Pg 12 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Pg 12 

GRI 

406: 

Non-

Discrimination 

406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken 

Pg 12 

Local Communities  

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Pg 13 – 14 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Pg 13 – 14 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Pg 13 – 14 

GRI 

413: 

Local 

Communities 

413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programs 

Pg 13 – 14 

413-2 Operations with significant actual and potential negative 

impacts on local communities 

Pg 13 – 14 

Customer Privacy 

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Pg 15 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Pg 15 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Pg 15 

GRI 

418: 

Customer 

Privacy 

413- Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses of customer data 

Pg 15 

 

 


18 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ARION ENTERTAINMENT SINGAPORE LIMITED 

3 Bishan Place #06-03/07 

CPF Bishan Building 

Singapore 579838 

Tel : +65 6292 0300 

Fax : +65 6293 3674 

Registration No. 199407135Z 

