
 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ARION ENTERTAINMENT 

SINGAPORE LIMITED 

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore) 

(Company Registration Number: 199407135Z) 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 

2019 


1 

 

Content Page 

About This Report ........................................................ 2 

Board Statement .......................................................... 3 

Corporate Profile .......................................................... 4 

Group Structure ........................................................... 5 

Board of Directors ........................................................ 6 

Corporate Information ................................................. 7 

Stakeholder Engagement ............................................ 8 

Materiality .................................................................... 9 

Anti-Corruption ........................................................... 10 

Energy ........................................................................ 11 

Non-Discrimination .................................................... 12 

Local Communities .................................................... 13 

Customer Privacy ....................................................... 14 

GRI Content Index ..................................................... 15 

 

 

 


2 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

Arion Entertainment Singapore Limited (the “Company” and together with its subsidiary corporations, the 

“Group” or “we” or “us” or “our”),  hereby presents our second sustainability report (the “Report” or 

“Sustainability Report”), prepared on a ‘comply or explain’ basis in accordance with Rule 711B and Practice 

Note 7F of Listing Manual Section B: Rules of the Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (“SGX-ST”) and in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards (2016) – Core 

Option. This Report covers data and information for the financial year from 1 April 2018 to 31 March 2019 

(“FY2019”) and would continue to cover one of the Company’s subsidiary corporations, Inovatif Media Asia 

Sdn Bhd (“Inovatif”) as it is the sole operating entity of the Group in FY2019. Throughout the report, we will 

discuss the Group’s efforts and performance on Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) factors.  

The GRI reporting framework was adopted for its robust regime and we have looked into using the principles 

of stakeholder inclusiveness, sustainability context, materiality and completeness to put together our 

second sustainability report. And for its quality, we have applied the GRI principles of accuracy, balance, 

clarity, comparability, reliability and timeliness. We have also included the GRI Content Index, which 

summarises information in our Report.  

We have not sought external assurance for the Sustainability Report for FY2019. 

 

Report Contact and Feedback 

We welcome your feedback and for any queries or suggestions in relation to this Sustainability Report, you 

could reach us at: http://www.egl.com.sg/contact-us.html 

 

 

 

 

 


3 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

Sustainability Strategy 

The Board remains committed to build on the efforts in sustainability and progress made by the Group in 

the previous year. Looking back at FY2019, we were successful in finding various ways to reduce our 

operational expenses amidst the challenging conditions for our industry. As we move forward, we strive to 

continuously increase transparency and encourage efficiency. As we progress in sustainability reporting, 

we plan to provide stakeholders a more comprehensive picture of how we operate and bring into sight the 

risks and opportunities which can be better managed for future returns.  

We are pleased to present our second Sustainability Report to further elaborate on our sustainability 

strategy and the progress made with regards to ESG factors and would like to take the opportunity to 

thank our stakeholders for making this report possible.  

Sustainability Governance 

The Board maintained the responsibility of incorporating sustainability issues into its strategic formulation 

as well as the monitoring and selection of material ESG factors identified in the Sustainability Report. The 

senior management continues to manage the sustainability performance of the Company’s subsidiaries 

and provide timely updates to the Board.   

Sustainability Factors 

In this Sustainability Report, the material ESG factors selected previously continue to be identified as the 

factors which are relevant to the Group and we would be discussing the progress and impacts of these 

factors in greater detail.   

 

 


4 

 

CORPORATE PROFILE 

Mission 

To build shareholder value by focusing our efforts 

and resources into areas with high growth 

potential. 

Key Objectives 

Diversify revenue and earnings stream through 

various platforms. 

Continuously review the performance of the 

publishing operations as part of the Group's effort 

to rationalise the publishing operation and improve 

profitability. 

 

About us  

Arion Entertainment Singapore Limited (“AES”) was incorporated in 1994 as Panpac Media Group 

Limited and listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange's SESDAQ in 1997. Formerly known as 

Elektromotive Group Limited (LEX: SP), we are an investment holding company with business activities in 

Malaysia which is involved in the sale and publishing of magazines and periodicals and events 

management.  

About Inovatif Media Asia Sdn Bhd (Inovatif) 

A wholly-owned subsidiary of AES, Inovatif Media Asia Sdn Bhd was incorporated in 2002 to take over 

the operations of all the magazines under Panpac Media Malaysia Group.  

Currently, Inovatif publishes the following magazines:  

a) Smart Investor – business and investment magazine 

b) Calibre - a business/lifestyle magazine for Public Mutual group 

c) Feng – a Chinese language business/lifestyle magazine for Public Mutual group 

Besides publishing proprietary titles, Inovatif also provides contract publishing service. Currently Inovatif 

is the contract publisher for 4E Journal, a financial magazine circulated to members of Financial Planning 

Association of Malaysia (“FPAM”). 

Inovatif has been working with financial organisations including FPAM as media partners to their events 

and also organised events with their clients for the benefit of the public. 

 




5 

 

GROUP STRUCTURE  

 

AS AT 31 MARCH 2019 

 

During FY 2019, the Group’s dormant subsidiary corporations were struck off as follows:  

S/N 

Subsidiary Corporations 

Previous Shareholdings 

Struck off Date 

1. 

E-Motive (Asia) Pte Ltd 

100% 

January 2019 

2. 

Romulus Holdings Pte Ltd* 

60% 

February 2019 

 

 

 

 

Arion 

Entertainment 

Singapore Limited

Inovatif Media Asia 

Sdn. Bhd.

Panpac Tech 

Strategic Ltd

TLG Properties 

Pte Ltd

Auston Technology 

Group Pte Ltd

100% 

100% 

100% 

100.0% 


6 

 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

 

Our Group is headed by an effective Board which sets goals, reviews and advises on overall strategies 

and directions, oversees the effectiveness of the management and assumes responsibilities for overall 

corporate governance of our Group to ensure the Group’s strategies are in the best interests of the 

Company and its stakeholders. Details of our Board members and respective committees for FY2019 are 

as follows: 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

Ng Kai Man  

(Executive Director) 

Chou Kong Seng  

(Independent Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee) 

Kesavan Nair  

(Independent Director and Chairman of the Nominating Committee) 

Lee Keng Mun  

(Independent Director and Chairman of the Remuneration Committee) 

AUDIT COMMITTEE 

Chou Kong Seng 

Kesavan Nair 

Lee Keng Mun 

NOMINATING COMMITTEE 

Kesavan Nair (Chairman) 

Lee Keng Mun  

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE 

Lee Keng Mun 

Kesavan Nair 

Chou Kong Seng 

 

 

Chou Kong Seng 

 

 

 


 

7 

 

CORPORATE INFORMATION 

 

Training and updates for the Board 

In FY2019, the Company did not appoint any new directors. 

The Directors receive updates on regulatory changes and Companies Act from the Company Secretary 

and accounting standards from the independent auditors. The Executive Director keeps the Board 

updated on the major operational and strategic developments, outlines the outstanding issues and 

discusses the risk management of the Company at each Board meeting.  

 

Supply chain management 

As we continue our efforts in maintaining a sustainable supply chain, we continued to build our working 

relationship with responsible business partners identified by the Company. We continue to ensure that 

our suppliers have been ISO 14001:2015 certified which demonstrates our commitment to sustainability 

by utilising suppliers which are accredited for efficient use of resources and positive environmental 

performance. Memberships of associations and permits 

Company 

Type of Membership/Permits/Certifications 

Inovatif Media Asia Sdn. Bhd 

Publications:  

Feng, Calibre and Smart Investor 

Printing and publishing deeds 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


8 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT  

 

Stakeholder 

Concerns  

How we engage 

Expectations and 

Actions 

Supplier 

Communication 

Quality 

Eco-friendly 

 

Supplier Assessment 

Feedback 

To comply with internal 

purchasing procedures and 

ensure that consistent 

communication with 

suppliers to ensure 

efficiency, quality and 

retention of environment 

friendly suppliers. 

Customers 

Outreach 

Value 

Confidentiality of personal 

data 

 

Brochures distribution 

Formal meeting  

Feedback from sales 

agents and customers 

Establishment of data 

protection policy to 

safeguard customer 

personal data 

To expand our outreach 

and continue to provide 

exemplary services to our 

customers through 

communication and 

analysis while 

safeguarding the personal 

data of our customers. 

 

Employees 

Opportunities 

Fairness 

 

Communication sessions  

Yearly staff evaluations 

To provide constant 

communication to our 

employees and ensure fair 

and non-discriminatory 

practices at our workplace 

Shareholders 

Company Growth 

Transparency 

Annual Meetings with 

shareholders   

Websites 

Announcements on SGX 

 

To convey timely, full and 

credible information to 

shareholders through 

announcements and create 

long term value and 

economic growth.   

Readers 

Good Content 

Accessibility 

Feedback from readers 

Roadshows 

Information analysis and 

surveys 

To continue to obtain 

reader's feedback and 

translate their 

demographics and 

concerns to better content 

for further outreach. 

Government 

and 

Regulators 

Compliance with regulatory 

and industry standards and 

guidelines  

Consultations and briefing 

organised by key 

regulatory bodies 

Advice and information 

received from 

professionals such as 

Company’s sponsor 

 

We aim to comply to 

governmental policies and 

regulations to achieve 

compliance to all relevant 

regulations. 


 

9 

 

MATERIALITY 

In the second Sustainability Report, we would continue to elaborate on the ESG factors identified in the 

previous Sustainability Report. The Group, after taking into consideration the viability of environmental, 

governance and social impacts through our operations, believes that these factors are still relevant to the 

Group and provide a platform for us to continue and progress in our sustainability journey.  

 

Environmental 

Governance 

Social 

Energy 

 

Anti-Corruption 

 

Non-Discrimination 

 

 

Customer Privacy 

 

Local Communities 

 

 

 












10 

 

ANTI CORRUPTION  

 

The Group prohibits all forms of corruption and bribery. The Group requires all employees to strictly abide 

by professional ethics and eliminate any corruption and bribery. We would like to reaffirm our strong 

stance that we have zero tolerance towards unethical acts in totality. 

The Group’s Company Secretary updates the Board on regulations and Companies Act regularly to the 

Board. Additionally, the Group’s Executive Director and senior management updates the Board on the 

strategic developments such that the Board is able to keep abreast of the latest developments and 

potential risks arising. 

Employees have to declare conflict of interests on an ad-hoc basis, if applicable. Additionally, with the 

whistle blowing channel established, whistle-blowers can report verbally or in writing to the senior 

management of the Group for any suspected misconduct (including corruption, bribery, extortion, fraud 

and money laundering) with full details and supporting evidence. The management will conduct 

investigations against any suspicious or illegal behavior to protect the Group’s interests and the 

whistleblowers. 

During FY2019, we are pleased to announce that there were zero cases of corruption and we did not 

receive any whistle blowing reports. 

Target for subsequent reporting:  

With the strong corporate governance and anti-corruption culture established, our Group will continue to 

target zero cases of corruption. We would also check on the policy and procedures regularly to ensure 

that it is in line with the requirements set in place by regulating authorities and update it if necessary.  

 

 

 


 

11 

 

ENERGY 

 

As the world becomes increasingly informed about energy consumption and its negative impact on the 

environment, our operations constantly keep a lookout on improvements where we could incorporate into 

our daily operations to attain the goal of carbon reduction and be more energy efficient. Meanwhile, the 

Company managed to decrease our usage on a year-on-year basis, reducing our water usage in FY2019 

by 10.8% as compared to financial year ended 31 March 2018 (“FY2018”). Our electricity usage 

increased slightly, from 30,106kwh to 30,224kwh, a modest increase of 0.4%. The Group's consumption 

for the period under review is presented below: 

Type 

Units (FY2018) 

Units (FY2019) 

Water 

195m3 

174m3 

Electricity 

30,106kwh 

30,224kwh 

 

 

The Company continues to utilise energy-efficient fittings and products with Green labels. Additionally, the 

Group recognises that reducing carbon emissions in our daily operations has a positive effect on climate 

change. All employees stringently complied with the Group’s policy of saving energy to ensure power is 

turned off when electrical appliances are not in use. 

Target for subsequent reporting:  

As part of our strategy, we strive to continue to explore for different opportunities which may allow us to 

reduce our consumption of electricity or water, bringing us cost savings as well as reducing our carbon 

footprint. 

 

 


12 

 

NON-DISCRIMINATION 

 

We value the importance of diversity among our workforce. Hence, we hire from a mixture of different 

genders, race, nationality, religion and age groups, to enhance creativity and innovation and provide for a 

balanced demographic to contribute to an ideal diversity in the organisation’s culture.  

The Group’s workforce remains constant at 11 staff with 6 female and 5 male staff. 8 of the staff are 

located at Malaysia while 3 of the staff are stationed in Singapore.  With regards to gender composition, 

the percentage of female employees and female managers remain the same as compared to FY 2018.  

As part of our commitment to developing talent, we strive to create an open and trusting work 

environment characterised by equal opportunity, as well as a diverse, inclusive, collaborative and learning 

culture. We also perform annual staff assessment to give supervisors and managers an opportunity to 

recognise employees’ hard work, dedication and commitment. We ensure that two-way communication is 

always available to all our employees to align business goals and objectives with employees. Any 

feedback could be raised to the Human Resource Department for further actions and discussions. 

Through meetings can also be a great time to discuss any additional support or training employees need 

to accomplish the goals. 

During FY2019, we are proud to mention that there were zero incidents of discrimination recorded by the 

Group. 

Target for subsequent reporting:  

We provide equal opportunities to all employees without discrimination. We believe that promoting a fair 

workplace environment will build the employees’ respect and loyalty towards the company. We will 

continue to maintain our non-discrimination workplace culture and strive to maintain zero incidents of 

discrimination in the upcoming year.  

 

 


 

13 

 

LOCAL COMMUNITIES 

 

As we continue to be active in the editorial industry through our various publications, Inovatif continues to 

promote awareness about local communities to our readers.  While the topic coverage of our magazines 

remains consistent, covering areas such as business, investing, health and wellness, cultures, arts to 

family relationship, we continuously attempt to add local content to our publications.  

The Group maintains our aim to deliver and produce contents which have positive social impacts. We 

always make an effort to vet through our sources before we publish them, to ensure zero false 

information in all of our publications. We are also always trying to generate positive value to our readers 

by including, as well as researching and testing out improvement solutions that we provide in our 

publications, be it financial or lifestyle related. 

Collaborating with local authorities provides a host of economic benefits such as job creation. During FY 

2019, we have organised the Malaysian Morningstar Awards 2019. This year, we continue to be the 

media partner that promotes the local finance and investment industry such as Malaysian Industrial 

Relation Awards 2019, and Financial Planning Symposium 2019, FSMOne Recommended Unit Trust 

Awards 2019 as well as supporting other related business events and seminars. We also seek to create 

long-term economic benefits for our communities through recruitment of local talent and development of 

local suppliers, supporting a reliable local supply network to drive economic growth. When organising and 

planning events for our clients, we maintain our outreach to local community through constant lookouts 

for local talents in delivering services to our clients. 

With the publication of the following magazines, our outreach remains relatively constant and the 

statistics published previously could be used as a reference.  Please refer to the table below for more 

information: 

Locations in Malaysia 

Smart Investor 

Calibre 

Feng 

East Malaysia (Sabah &amp; Sarawak) 

8,070 

9,600 

3,000 

East Coast (Terengganu, Kelantan, 

Pahang) 

- 

5,600 

1,000 

Northern Region (Perak, Kedah, Perlis, 

Penang) 

6,456 

18,400 

5,000 

Southern Region (Johor, Melaka, 

N.Sembilan) 

6,456 

14,400 

3,600 

Central Region (Kuala Lumpur / Selangor) 

32,818 

30,400 

7,000 

Others 

- 

1,600 

400 

Total Readers 

53,800 

80,000 

20,000 

 

Target for subsequent reporting:  

Our Group would continue our emphasis to contribute to the people closest to us, our employees, 

consumers and their relevant communities. With the editorial content we publish and the events which we 

plan, organise and support as media partners, we aim to continue to deliver and produce content which 

have positive social impacts and to extend our influence to more people in Malaysia. 

 

 


14 

 

Customer Privacy 

 

We respect customer privacy and are committed to protecting customer data. 

The importance of customer privacy and ensuring that confidential information is secure are one of the 

focuses of the Company. The Company only collects essential information from the relevant subscribers, 

readers and customers and uses the information solely for the Company’s purpose. All our employees 

are expected to be compliant to the Personal Data Protection Act of Malaysia and we ensure that no 

external parties have access to the information collected by the Company. All information is kept in 

secure infrastructure or are password protected and only the authorised personnel of the Company has 

access to such information.  

In FY2019, we are pleased to inform that there were no cases of substantiated complaints received about 

breaches of customer privacy and no complaints received from outside parties and regulatory bodies. 

There were also no identified leaks, thefts, or losses of customer data.  

Target for subsequent reporting:  

We will continue to work towards zero complaints and our Group intends to continue targeting to maintain 

our record of zero incidents of discriminations. Understanding the importance and emphasis on customer 

privacy, we are looking to establish policies and procedures for measures in safeguarding the customer 

information held by the Company. 

 

 


 

15 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page 

Reference 

and Reasons for 

Omission, 

if 

applicable 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

GRI 

102: 

General 

Disclosures 

2016 

Organisational Profile 

102-1 Name of the organisation  

Cover Page 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

Pg 4 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

Pg 17 

102-4 Location of operations 

Pg 4 

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

Pg 4, 5 

102-6 Markets served 

Pg 4 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

Pg 12  

102-8 Information on employees and other workers  

Pg 12 

102-9 Supply chain  

Pg 7 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

Pg 5,7 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

Pg 2 

102-12 External initiatives 

 

Pg 13 

102-13 Membership of associations 

Pg 7 

Strategy 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

Pg 3 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

Pg 2, 8 

Governance 

102-18 Governance structure 

Pg 6 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

Pg 8 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

N.A 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Pg 8 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Pg 8 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

Pg 8  

Reporting Practice 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Annual Report 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Pg 2 

102-47 List of material topics 

Pg 9 

102-48 Restatements of information 

N.A 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

N.A 

102-50 Reporting period 

Pg 2 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

15 March 2019 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

Pg 2 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Pg 2 


16 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference 

and 

Reasons 

for Omission, if 

applicable 

 

Reporting Practice (Cont’d) 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

Pg 2 

102-55 GRI content index 

Pg 15-16 

102-56 External assurance 

Pg 2 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

Anti-corruption 

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Pg 10 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Pg 10 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Pg 10 

GRI 

205: 

Anti-

corruption 

205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

Pg 10 

205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies 

and procedures  

Pg 10 

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken  

Pg 10 

Energy 

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Pg 11 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Pg 11 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Pg 11 

GRI 302: Energy 

 

302-1 Energy consumption within the organization 

Pg 11 

302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organization 

N.A 

302-3 Energy intensity 

Pg 11 

302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 

Pg 11 

302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and 

services 

Pg 11 

Non- Discrimination 

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Pg 12 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Pg 12 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Pg 12 

GRI 

406: 

Non-

Discrimination 

406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken 

Pg 12 

Local Communities  

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Pg 13 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Pg 13 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Pg 13 

GRI 

413: 

Local 

Communities 

413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programs 

Pg 13 

413-2 Operations with significant actual and potential negative 

impacts on local communities 

Pg 13 

Customer Privacy 

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Pg 14 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Pg 14 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Pg 14 

GRI 

418: 

Customer 

Privacy 

413- Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses of customer data 

Pg 14 

 

 

 


 

17 

 

 

 

 

 

ARION ENTERTAINMENT SINGAPORE LIMITED 

3 Bishan Place #06-03 

CPF Bishan Building 

Singapore 579838 

Tel : +65 6292 0300 

Fax : +65 6293 3674 

Registration No. 199407135Z 

