
20

20

BECAUSE

TOMORROW 

MATTERS

SUSTAINABILITY 

MANAGEMENT




CORPORATE PROFILE

Ascott Residence Trust (ART) is the largest hospitality trust in Asia 

Pacific with an asset value of S$7.2 billion as at 31 December 2020. 

Having listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(SGX-ST) since March 2006, ART’s objective is to invest primarily in 

income-producing real estate and real estate-related assets which 

are used or predominantly used as serviced residences, hotels, 

rental housing properties, student accommodation and other 

hospitality assets in any country in the world. ART is a constituent 

of the FTSE EPRA Nareit Global Real Estate Index Series (Global 

Developed Index).

ART’s international portfolio comprises 86 properties with more 

than 16,000 units in 38 cities across 15 countries in Asia Pacific, 

Europe and the United States of America as at 31 December 2020. 

ART’s properties are mostly operated under the Ascott The 

Residence, Somerset, Quest and Citadines brands. They are mainly 

located in key gateway cities such as Barcelona, Berlin, Brussels, 

Hamburg, Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City, Jakarta, Kuala Lumpur, London, 

Manila, Melbourne, Munich, New York, Osaka, Paris, Perth, Seoul, 

Shanghai, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo. 

For four consecutive years, ART was conferred the "Best Hospitality 

REIT (Platinum Award)" in the Asia Pacific Best of the Breeds REITs 

AwardTM and was ranked third in the Singapore Governance and 

Transparency Index within the REIT and Business Trust Category 

for the past three years. ART was also awarded runner-up for 

"Singapore Corporate Governance Award" and "Most Transparent 

Company Award" at the Securities Investors Association (Singapore) 

(SIAS) 20th Investors' Choice Awards 2019. 

ART is a stapled group comprising Ascott Real Estate Investment 

Trust (Ascott Reit) and Ascott Business Trust (Ascott BT). ART 

is managed by Ascott Residence Trust Management Limited (as 

Manager of Ascott Reit) and Ascott Business Trust Management 

Pte. Ltd. (as Trustee-Manager of Ascott BT), both of which are 

wholly-owned subsidiaries of CapitaLand Limited, one of Asia’s 

largest diversified real estate groups.

OUR VISION 

To be the premier hospitality trust 

with quality assets in key global cities

OUR MISSION 

To deliver stable and sustainable 

returns to Stapled Securityholders






CONTENTS



2 

SUSTAINABILITY 

COMMITMENT

3

BOARDS' STATEMENT

9

ENVIRONMENTAL AND 

MANUFACTURED CAPITAL

16

HUMAN CAPITAL 

19

SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP 

CAPITAL

23

ORGANISATIONAL CAPITAL

23

FINANCIAL CAPITAL

24

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT


SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT

The Managers of Ascott Residence Trust (ART) are part 

of the CapitaLand Group and our sustainability strategy 

is aligned to that of CapitaLand. Since starting on its 

sustainability journey, ART has built on CapitaLand’s firm 

foundation to strengthen its portfolio and sustainability 

practices to be resilient to the challenges faced by the 

real estate and lodging sectors. As we progress, we 

endeavour to make a meaningful and positive impact in 

the communities we operate in as we create value for our 

Stapled Securityholders. 

CapitaLand places sustainability at the core of everything 

it does, and is committed to growing in a responsible 

manner, delivering long-term economic value, and 

contributing to the environmental and social well-being 

of our communities.

In 2020, CapitaLand unveiled its 2030 Sustainability 

Master Plan to elevate the Group’s commitment to global 

sustainability in the built environment given its presence 

in more than 220 cities and over 30 countries. The Master 

Plan focuses on three key pillars to drive CapitaLand’s 

sustainability efforts in the environment, social and 

governance (ESG) pillars, enabling the Group to create 

a larger positive impact for the environment and society.  

› Building portfolio resilience and resource efficiency, 

› Enabling thriving and future-adaptive communities, 

as well as 

› Accelerating sustainability innovation and 

collaboration 

Five pathways were identified, and CapitaLand will adapt 

its strategies as technologies evolve and new scientific 

data become available.

1. Integrating sustainability in CapitaLand’s real estate 

life cycle

From the earliest stage of the investment process to 

design, procurement, construction, operations and 

redevelopment or divestment, sustainability targets will 

be embedded in policies, processes, best practices and 

key performance indicators of CapitaLand’s business 

operations.

2. Strengthening innovation and collaboration to drive 

sustainability 

CapitaLand will continue to source globally for new ideas 

and technologies to meet its sustainability ambitions and 

work with like-minded partners to create shared values. 

3. Leveraging sustainability trends and data analytics

This allows CapitaLand to track critical performance and 

progress in water, waste, energy, carbon emissions and 

health and safety. These measurements along with social 

indicators are key to driving performance improvement 

across its operating properties and development projects. 

4. Monitoring and reporting to ensure transparency

As CapitaLand tracks its sustainability progress, it 

will continue to validate its performance by external 

assurance and align its Global Sustainability Report to 

international standards.

5. Increasing engagement and communication with 

key stakeholder groups

It is key to building awareness and collectively effecting 

transformational change to achieve CapitaLand’s 2030 

targets. 

Pushing boundaries of change

To push the boundaries of change, CapitaLand will transit 

to a low-carbon business that is aligned with climate 

science. In November 2020, CapitaLand had its carbon 

emissions reduction targets approved by the Science 

Based Targets initiative (SBTi) for a ‘well-below 2°C’ 

scenario. The targets are in line with the goals of the Paris 

Agreement to keep global temperature rise well below 

2°C in this century. CapitaLand is also developing a new 

metric, Return on Sustainability, in addition to the regular 

financial return to measure the Group’s ESG impact.

CapitaLand has launched the inaugural CapitaLand 

Sustainability X Challenge (CSXC), an innovation challenge 

to enable CapitaLand to accelerate its sustainability 

efforts and meet its 2030 targets. The CSXC covers seven 

challenge statements and reflects the key themes and 

goals in CapitaLand’s 2030 Sustainability Master Plan.

CapitaLand aims to be a leader in sustainable finance 

and intends to secure S$6 billion through sustainable 

finance by 2030. Proceeds and interest rate savings 

from CapitaLand’s efforts in sustainable finance can 

also be used to drive more sustainability initiatives and 

innovations within the company.

Measuring against global benchmarks

CapitaLand was one of the first companies in Singapore to 

voluntarily publish an annual Global Sustainability Report 

and externally assure the entire report. Benchmarking 

against an international standard and framework that is 

externally validated helps CapitaLand to overcome the 

challenges in sustainability reporting that arise from its 

diversified asset types and geographical presence. 

SUSTAINABILITY COMMITMENT

2

ASCOTT RESIDENCE TRUST 


For its efforts, CapitaLand is listed in the Global 100 Most 

Sustainable Corporations Index, Dow Jones Sustainability 

World Index and Asia-Pacific Index, Global Real Estate 

Sustainability 

Benchmark 

(Global 

Sector 

Leader, 

Diversified-Listed), FTSE4Good Index Series, MSCI Global 

Sustainability Indexes and The Sustainability Yearbook.

CapitaLand’s Global Sustainability Report 2020 has 

been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting 

Initiative (GRI) Standards: Core option and continues 

to apply the Guiding Principles of the International 

Integrated Reporting Framework and ISO 26000:2010 

Guidance on Social Responsibility and reference the 

UN Sustainable Development Goals and the Taskforce 

on Climate Related Financial Disclosure. CapitaLand 

also aligns its sustainability report to the Sustainability 

Accounting Standards Board (SASB). The report covers 

CapitaLand’s global portfolio and employees, as well as 

its listed real estate investment trusts and business trusts, 

including ART, unless otherwise indicated. The report is 

externally assured to AA1000 Assurance Standard.

This sustainability report references selected GRI 

Standards1 to report specific information and covers 

ART’s properties from 1 January to 31 December 

2020 

(excluding 

properties 

managed 

by 

third-

party operators) unless otherwise indicated. The 

CapitaLand team behind the Managers and the property 

managers responsible for property and portfolio 

operations are identified as employees of ART. 

1 

This material references Disclosure 302-1 from GRI 302: Energy 2016, Disclosure 303-1 from GRI 303: Water 2016, Disclosure 305-1 and 

Disclosure 305-2 from GRI 305: Emissions 2016, Disclosure 205-1 and Disclosure 205-2 from GRI 205: Anti-Corruption 2016, Disclosure 403-

1 from GRI 403: Occupational Health &amp; Injury 2016 and Disclosure 405-1 from GRI 405: Diversity 2016

ART is committed to sustainability and incorporates the key principles of environment, social and governance 

(ESG) in setting its business strategies and operations.

The Managers’ Boards of Directors (Boards) set the risk appetite, which determines the nature and extent of 

material risks that ART is willing to take to achieve our strategic and business objectives. The risk appetite 

incorporates ESG factors such as fraud, corruption and bribery, environment, health and safety.

The Boards also approve the executive compensation framework based on the principle of linking pay to 

performance. Business plans are translated to both quantitative and qualitative performance targets including 

sustainable corporate practices and are cascaded throughout the organisation.

BOARD, TOP MANAGEMENT AND STAFF 

COMMITMENT AND INVOLVEMENT

CapitaLand’s sustainability management comes under 

the purview of the CapitaLand Sustainability Council.  

Reporting to the CapitaLand Board, the Council 

comprises certain CapitaLand independent board 

directors and members of the CapitaLand Executive 

Committee.  It is supported by the Group Sustainability 

Office and various work teams to drive continued 

progress and improvement in the areas of ESG. Currently, 

CapitaLand’s Sustainability Council is chaired by Ms Goh 

Swee Chen, who is also the president of Global Compact 

Network Singapore (local chapter of the United Nations 

Global Compact). 

The 

work 

teams 

comprise 

representatives 

from 

CapitaLand business units and corporate functions. 

Each business unit also has its own Environmental, 

Health and Safety (EHS) Committee to drive initiatives in 

countries where they operate with support from various 

departments. 

ART’s Boards are also updated regularly on matters relating 

to sustainability risks and business malpractice incidents. 

The Boards are also updated on the sustainability 

management performance of ART, key material issues 

identified by stakeholders and the planned follow-up 

measures. 

To measure its performance, CapitaLand has incorporated 

key performance indicators, most of which are linked to 

remuneration for its staff including top management.

BOARDS’ STATEMENT

3

BECAUSE TOMORROW MATTERS


CapitaDNA

Vision, Mission, Credo and Core Values

COMMITMENT TO OUR STAKEHOLDERS

We develop high-

performing people 

and teams through 

rewarding opportunities

FOR OUR  

PEOPLE

Staff

We deliver sustainable 

shareholder returns and 

build a strong global 

network of capital 

partners

FOR OUR 

INVESTORS

including business  

partners

We create great 

customer value and 

experiences through 

high-quality products 

and services

FOR OUR  

CUSTOMERS

Tenants, shoppers,  

home owners, residents

We care for and 

contribute to 

the economic, 

environmental and 

social development  

of communities

FOR OUR

COMMUNITIES

Government agencies/

non-governmental 

organisations (NGOs), 

general public, the 

environment, suppliers/

contractors

CORE VALUES

WINNING MINDSET  |  ENTERPRISING  |  RESPECT  |  INTEGRITY

STRATEGIC SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE

CapitaLand Board of Directors

CapitaLand Sustainability Council

Strategic oversight of ESG policies and intergration

CapitaLand Management Council

Strategic management of ESG implementation across the Group

Various Sustainability Work Teams 

Involving business units and corporate departments, covering: 

• Investments

• Environment, health and safety

• Innovation

• Stakeholder engagement

• Enterprise risk management

All Staff

4

ASCOTT RESIDENCE TRUST 


MATERIALITY 

ART has a regular review, assessment and feedback process in relation to ESG topics. Key to this is an annual Group-

wide Risk and Control Self-Assessment exercise which entails the identification, assessment and documentation of 

material risks and corresponding internal controls. These material risks include fraud and corruption, environmental 

(e.g. climate change), health and safety, and human capital risks which are ESG-relevant. 

We identify and review material issues that are most relevant and significant to us and our stakeholders. These are 

prioritised based on the likelihood and potential impact of issues affecting business continuity and development.  

For external stakeholders, priority is given to issues important to the society and applicable to ART. More information 

on stakeholder engagement is available in the Social and Relationship Capital, Human Capital and Environmental 

Capital chapters of the CapitaLand Global Sustainability Report 2020.

PRIORITISATION OF ESG MATERIAL ISSUES

Environment

Social/Labour Practices

Governance

Critical

› Energy efficiency

› Climate change and emissions 

reduction

› Water management

› Occupational health and safety 

› Employment

› Stakeholder engagement 

› Supply chain management

› Compliance

› Business ethics

› Products and services1

Moderate and Emerging

› Building materials

› Construction and operational waste

› Biodiversity

› Diversity 

› Human rights

1 

This includes customer health and safety.



5

BECAUSE TOMORROW MATTERS


Capitals

What We Do

2020 Value Created

Environmental Capital 

› Carbon emissions 

› Energy management 

› Water stewardship 

› Waste and resource 

management 

Manufactured Capital 

› Environmentally 

sustainable, healthy, 

safe and accessible 

quality buildings 

› Innovative and 

sustainable 

construction methods 

and technologies 

 (SDG 3, 7, 9, 11, 12 and 13) 

CapitaLand is committed to 

› Reduce water 

consumption, reuse 

water and prevent water 

pollution, especially in 

countries where the 

availability of clean water 

and sanitation are of 

concern 

› Transit to low-carbon 

business, reduce energy 

consumption through 

improved energy efficiency 

and increase use of 

renewable energy 

› Green its global operational 

portfolio by 2030 

› Actively embrace 

innovation to ensure 

commercial viability 

without compromising 

the environment for future 

generations 

› Future-proof its 

developments by 

addressing the risks of 

climate change right from 

the design stage 

› Preserve the biodiversity of 

its sites as well as the wider 

area where possible 

› Build safe, accessible, 

vibrant and quality real 

estate developments to 

enhance the lives of its 

shoppers, tenants, serviced 

residence and hotel guests, 

homeowners and members 

of the community 

› Carbon emissions reduction targets 

approved by the SBTi for a ‘well-below 2°C’ 

scenario

› ART obtained 15 new green building 

certifications for its existing properties 

and development project, lyf one-north 

Singapore, bringing the total number of 

green buildings to 21

› Consumption1: For the full year of 2020, 

ART’s operational properties’ total energy 

consumption was 67,578 MWh. Indirect 

energy consumption accounted for about 

86% (57,853 MWh) and direct energy 

consumption from gas, diesel and other 

fuels accounted for about 14% (9,725 MWh) 

of total energy consumption. Approximately 

1,261 MWh of our electricity consumption 

was from renewable sources. Direct (Scope 

1) and indirect (Scope 2) carbon emissions 

were approximately 1,795 tonnes CO2e 

and 28,276 tonnes CO2e respectively. 

ART's operating properties’ total water 

consumption was about 666,740m3. This 

included the use of 9,629m3 of recycled 

water

› Reduction2: Consumption was lower in 

2020 than in 2019 as some properties were 

temporarily closed and the occupancies 

of operating properties were lower due to 

COVID-19. Our reduction in energy usage 

in MWh/m2 was 29% and our reduction in 

water usage in m3/m2 was 48% from the 

2008 baseline. Our reduction in carbon 

intensity (tonnes/m2) was 39% from the 2008 

baseline. ART will continue to implement 

energy and water conservation measures 

to ensure efficient operations and minimise 

resource wastage

1 

Computation of footprint data excluded third-party operated properties.

2 

Computation of intensity data excluded new properties which were in operation for less than 12 months, properties undergoing asset 

enhancement programmes and third-party operated properties.

CREATING VALUE AND ALIGNMENT TO UNITED NATIONS SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS (UN SDGS) 

 

The Guiding Principles of the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) Framework were referenced in this 

report, and the material ESG issues are grouped into six Capitals – Environmental, Manufactured, Human, Social and 

Relationship, Organisational, and Financial. This is also mapped against eight UN SDGs that are most aligned with 

CapitaLand’s Master Plan 2030 targets, and where CapitaLand can achieve the greatest positive impact. Details on the 

six Capitals can be found on pages 9 to 23 of this report. More information is also available in the CapitaLand Global 

Sustainability Report 2020.

Material ESG issues

› Energy efficiency 

› Climate change 

and emissions 

reduction 

› Water 

management 

› Building materials 

› Construction and 

operational waste 

› Biodiversity 

› Stakeholder 

engagement 

› Product safety 

 

and customer 

well-being

6

ASCOTT RESIDENCE TRUST 


Capitals

What We Do

2020 Value Created

Manufactured Capital 

› Environmentally 

sustainable, healthy, 

safe and accessible 

quality buildings 

› Innovative and 

sustainable 

construction methods 

and technologies

Human Capital 

› Health and safety 

› Job creation and 

security 

› Learning and 

development 

› Benefits and 

remuneration 

(SDG 3 and 8) 

 

› ART believes that regardless 

of ethnicity, age or gender, 

staff can make a significant 

contribution based on 

their talent, expertise and 

experience. We adopt 

consistent, equitable, and fair 

labour policies and practices 

in rewarding as well as 

developing staff under the 

direct hire of CapitaLand. 

CapitaLand is a signatory to 

the UN Global Compact 

› ART aims to provide a work 

environment that is safe and 

contributes to the general 

well-being of our employees 

› Occupational health and 

safety of our stakeholders is 

of utmost importance to ART. 

This includes all our staff, 

guests and residents, tenants, 

contractors, suppliers and 

the communities that use our 

properties 

› Global workforce3

 

Social and Relationship 

Capital 

› Stakeholder relations 

› Social licence to 

operate 

› Community 

development

› Cross-sectoral 

partnership

 (SDG 1, 2, 4, 8, 17) 

› ART is committed to activities 

that are aligned with its focus 

on community investment. 

We engage our stakeholders, 

raising awareness in the areas 

of philanthropy, environment, 

health and safety 

› Promoting sustainability 

amongst the guests and 

residents at ART’s properties

› ART’s Sponsor, The Ascott Limited (Ascott), 

provided accommodation to healthcare 

workers, returning nationals, guests who 

were affected by border closures or city 

lockdowns, migrant workers and others who 

had been stranded due to COVID-19

› Ascott launched the #StayHomeWithAscott 

campaign to rally the global community 

to curb the spread of COVID-19 by staying 

home. With the support of CapitaLand 

Hope Foundation, the philanthropic arm 

of CapitaLand, Ascott pledged a total of 

US$200,000 through the campaign towards 

Save the Children’s food security and 

assistance programmes, to support about 

12,000 underprivileged children affected by 

COVID-19

› Working with the Singapore government, 

CapitaLand was involved in setting up and 

managing the tentage facility at Tanjong 

Pagar Terminal which housed up to 3,500 

migrant workers during the COVID-19 

outbreak. Ascott helped to run the floating 

accommodations, which housed up to 1,700 

migrant workers

 3 

Computation of global workforce statistics were based on employees of ART (including our subsidiaries) and the Managers.

Material ESG issues

› Stakeholder 

engagement 

› Products and 

services (include 

customer health 

and safety) 

Material ESG issues

› Occupational 

health &amp; safety 

› Supply chain 

management 

› Employment 

› Diversity  

› Human rights

47:53

Male and female, 

at ratio of

Over 48 training hours  

per staff

›    Zero staff fatality or permanent 

      disability 

70

   About

nationalities

of ART’s global workforce

was aged between 

30 and 50

63%

7

BECAUSE TOMORROW MATTERS


Capitals

What We Do

2020 Value Created

Organisational Capital

› Leadership and culture

› Corporate governance

› Risk management

› CapitaLand is a signatory to 

the UN Global Compact 

› CapitaLand’s Supply Chain 

Code of Conduct influences 

its supply chain to operate 

responsibly in the areas of 

anti-corruption, human rights, 

health and safety, as well as 

environmental management 

› All staff are required to make 

an annual declaration to 

uphold CapitaLand’s core 

values and not to engage 

in any corrupt or unethical 

practices 

› Requires third-party service 

providers and vendors to 

adhere to anti-bribery and 

anti-corruption provisions 

› Requires main contractors to 

ensure no child labour and 

forced labour at CapitaLand 

project sites

› Refer to the Corporate Governance section 

on pages 101 to 134 of ART's Annual Report 

2020.

› No reported incident relating to 

discrimination, child labour or forced labour

› ART supports the ethical marketing of our 

products and services and practises fair 

competition, including room sales. We adhere 

to the Singapore Code of Advertising Practice 

(SCAP) and any other rules and regulations 

that apply. The SCAP was formulated against 

the background of national law, international 

law and practice, including the International 

Code of Advertising Practice published by the 

International Chamber of Commerce

Financial Capital

› Sustainable financing

› Earnings

› Equity

› Investments

› Assets

› Combination of operating 

income from investment 

properties and trading 

properties, disciplined capital 

recycling and growth of fee 

income

› Calibrated balance across 

product platforms and 

geographies

› ART secured its first green loan of S$50 

million in early January 2021 to finance the 

development of lyf one-north Singapore, 

which is certified Green Mark GoldPLUS by 

the Building and Construction Authority of 

Singapore 

› Refer to the Portfolio Overview and Financial 

Review sections on pages 36 to 39 and 76 to 

81 respectively of ART's Annual Report 2020.

Material ESG issues

› Compliance 

› Business ethics

› Stakeholder 

engagement



Citadines Arnulfpark Munich

8

ASCOTT RESIDENCE TRUST 




Managing Our Environmental Footprint

CapitaLand’s Environmental Management System (EMS) 

is a key tool in managing ART’s environmental footprint 

across its global and diverse portfolio. CapitaLand’s 

EMS covers the ART properties managed by The Ascott 

Limited (Ascott), and is integrated with CapitaLand’s 

Occupational, Health and Safety Management System 

(OHSMS) to establish CapitaLand’s Environmental, 

Health and Safety Management System (EHSMS). 

CapitaLand’s EHSMS is audited by a third-party 

accredited certification body to ISO 14001 and OHSAS 

18001/ISO 45001 standards, internationally recognised 

standards for the environmental management of 

businesses and occupational health and safety 

management of businesses respectively.  

Environmental, Health and Safety Policy 

ART is committed to protecting the environment and 

upholding the occupational health and safety (OHS) of 

our employees, residents, contractors, suppliers and the 

communities who use our properties, and will

› Carry out exemplary Environmental, Health and 

Safety practices to minimise pollution and health and 

safety risks

› Seek continual improvement on its Environmental, 

Health and Safety performance 

› Comply with pertinent legislations and other 

requirements

› Implement the CapitaLand’s Sustainable Building 

Guidelines and Occupational Health and Safety 

programmes 

This policy is readily available to all employees, tenants, 

suppliers, service providers and partners. Since 2012, 

all business functions such as property management 

and property development for ART's Ascott-managed 

properties are EHS certified.    

ENVIRONMENTAL AND MANUFACTURED CAPITAL

9

BECAUSE TOMORROW MATTERS


Risk Management of Environmental Aspects and 

Impact

As part of the certified EMS, new or updated legal 

requirements are reviewed quarterly and compliance is 

evaluated annually. 

CapitaLand’s EMS provides a systematic approach 

to manage ART’s environmental impact and to 

improve its environmental performance. One of the 

elements involves identifying and managing significant 

environmental aspects of its business operations that 

can potentially impact the environment. ART evaluates 

the significance level of each environmental aspect and 

impact using a risk assessment technique based on 

factors such as the likelihood of occurrence, the severity 

of the impact and control measures to be implemented.

ART is aligned with CapitaLand’s commitment towards 

minimising environmental impacts such as resource 

depletion and carbon emissions. This is demonstrated 

by setting environmental targets such as green building 

rating targets, carbon emissions, energy and water 

usage reduction targets, participating in stakeholder 

engagement activities, and implementing numerous 

measures to achieve them. 

Training 

Employees attend training and awareness programmes 

to facilitate the effective implementation of CapitaLand’s 

EHSMS. New hires are introduced to the EHSMS and 

CapitaLand’s EHS policy and briefed on their respective 

roles. More detailed training on the implementation 

of EHSMS is conducted for heads of departments in 

administration, operations, and project management, 

including heads of operating properties, design 

managers and project managers.

Global Internal and External Audits 

CapitaLand has in place an internal audit system to 

ensure the conformance and effective implementation 

of its EMS to ISO 14001 international standards. Internal 

audits are conducted at least once a year in the 15 

markets where it has investment properties managed by 

CapitaLand, covering at least 50% of the sites in each 

country. External audits are conducted annually by a 

third-party accredited certification body.

Sustainable Developments and Assets 

ART refers to CapitaLand’s Sustainable Building 

Guidelines (SBG) to ensure environmental factors 

are considered throughout all stages of a project. 

The in-house guide is regularly reviewed to ensure 

continuous improvement, with four key goals in mind - 

minimising carbon footprint and energy consumption, 

water management, reducing waste generation, and 

promoting biodiversity.

As climate change becomes an increasingly pressing 

issue, the call to action has raised expectations for 

companies to take charge of the key environmental 

aspects of their businesses. By adopting the SBG, ART 

aims to future-proof its developments by addressing 

the changing climatic conditions right from the design 

stage. Environmentally-friendly practices, infrastructure 

and equipment upgrades are also being carried out at 

existing operating buildings, where feasible, to meet 

green certification standards.

Every property is studied in detail, and appropriate 

measures are taken to address climate change risks. The 

SBG also sets guidelines for buildings to be less energy 

reliant, for instance, setting minimum green rating 

targets and encouraging the use of renewable energy 

whenever possible. 



10

ASCOTT RESIDENCE TRUST 


No. 

Property 

Country 

Green Award

1

Citadines on Bourke Melbourne* 

Australia 

Green Star Certification

2

Citadines Connect Sydney Airport* 

Australia 

Green Star Certification

3 

Citadines St Georges Terrace Perth* 

Australia

Green Star Certification

4 

Courtyard by Marriott Sydney-North Ryde*

Australia 

Green Star Certification

5 

Novotel Sydney Central* 

Australia 

Green Star Certification

6 

Novotel Sydney Parramatta* 

Australia 

Green Star Certification

7

Pullman and Mercure Brisbane King George Square*

Australia 

Green Star Certification

8 

Pullman and Mercure Melbourne Albert Park*

Australia 

Green Star Certification

9 

Pullman Sydney Hyde Park* 

Australia 

Green Star Certification

10 

La Clef Louvre Paris 

France 

BREEAM Certification

11 

Citadines Arnulfpark Munich* 

Germany 

EDGE Certification

12

Citadines City Centre Frankfurt 

Germany 

DGNB Certification

13 

Citadines Michel Hamburg

Germany 

DGNB Certification

14 

Ascott Jakarta* 

Indonesia 

EDGE Certification

15 

Somerset Grand Citra Jakarta* 

Indonesia 

EDGE Certification

16 

Ascott Makati 

The Philippines 

EDGE Certification

17 

lyf one-north Singapore* 

Singapore 

BCA Green Mark

18 

Citadines Trafalgar Square London 

United Kingdom 

BREEAM Certification

19 

Somerset Grand Hanoi* 

Vietnam 

EDGE Certification

20 

Somerset Ho Chi Minh City 

Vietnam 

BCA Green Mark

21 

Somerset Hoa Binh Hanoi* 

Vietnam 

EDGE Certification

Environment Health Safety Impact Assessment

A key component of the SBG is the Environment Health 

Safety Impact Assessment (EHSIA), which is conducted 

during the feasibility study stage of a development 

project. The significant findings of the EHSIA and their 

cost implications, if any, are included in the investment 

paper submitted to the Boards for approval. 

The EHSIA identifies any environmental risks or 

opportunities related to the project site and its 

surroundings, covering areas such as climate change 

risk exposure, carbon emissions, energy and water 

consumption, bio-diversity, heritage or protected land 

use, pollution and air quality.

Green Building Rating and Certification 

Green building ratings and certifications help affirm the 

quality of ART’s properties. These ratings serve as an 

external validation that ART has considered these key 

environmental aspects in its project design, development 

and operations. Green-rated properties are also more 

resource-efficient to construct and operate, which aids 

in resource management.

For development projects, green building rating targets 

are determined at the outset. In Singapore, the Building 

and Construction Authority (BCA) administers the 

Green Mark Certification and the target is to obtain a 

minimum of Green Mark GoldPLUS, two levels above the 

legal requirement of Green Mark. 

For operating properties outside of Singapore, the 

green rating certification is administered by government 

ministries 

and 

agencies 

as 

well 

as 

accredited 

certification bodies including World Green Building 

Council recognised Green Building Councils and World 

Bank Group’s International Finance Corporation (IFC). In 

2018, Ascott signed an Memorandum of Understanding 

with IFC to pioneer a green certification for the serviced 

residence industry, as part of the IFC's Excellence in 

Design for Greater Efficiencies (EDGE) programme.

To date, 21 properties in the ART portfolio have obtained 

green building ratings and certification, of which 15, 

denoted by asterisks (*), were obtained in the financial 

year ended 31 December 2020 (FY 2020). A list of the 

properties can be found below. 

11

BECAUSE TOMORROW MATTERS






Citadines Connect Sydney Airport obtained the Green Star Certification by Green Building Council Australia

Ascott Jakarta was awarded the EDGE Green Certification by World Bank Group’s International Finance Corporation

12

ASCOTT RESIDENCE TRUST 




lyf one-north Singapore (artist's impression)

LYF ONE-NORTH SINGAPORE

ART’S MAIDEN DEVELOPMENT PROJECT 

lyf one-north Singapore is a seven-storey, 324-unit 

serviced residence with a distinct communal co-living 

concept. Located within the leafy Nepal Park precinct 

of one-north, the property contributes to the existing 

lush content with a series of landscaped gardens, 

elevated planters and public activity spaces. Various 

innovative sustainable strategies are implemented to 

reduce energy and water consumption. 

Recognised for its environmentally sustainable design 

features, lyf one-north Singapore was conferred 

the Green Mark GoldPLUS award by the Building and 

Construction Authority of Singapore. lyf one-north 

Singapore integrates technology and innovations 

to improve overall energy efficiency and to achieve 

energy savings. Prominent green features include 

extensive use of energy-efficient LED lights in all areas 

with the provision of motion sensors in staircases 

and common toilets, delivering up to 33% of energy 

savings. Intelligent occupancy sensors are also fitted 

in all units, contributing up to 36% of energy savings. 

The property will also feature sun-shading fins as part 

of its unique window design to reduce façade solar 

heat gain.

When construction of the property is complete in 

end-2021, lyf one-north Singapore estimates energy 

savings of approximately 971,019 kWh per year. 

Total water savings annually is expected to be about 

22,463 m3.

13

BECAUSE TOMORROW MATTERS


TRACKING OUR ENVIRONMENTAL RESULTS 

Through CapitaLand’s Environmental Tracking System (ETS), ART tracks and 

monitors energy and water usage, waste generation and carbon emissions of 

its properties. 

 

The management team of each property submits monthly data and uploads 

supporting documentation onto the platform. The aggregated data is analysed 

to gauge consumption patterns better and help uncover opportunities for 

further operational efficiency improvements.

As part of the CapitaLand Group, ART is committed to working towards 

the long-term and annual targets under CapitaLand’s 2030 Sustainability 

Master Plan Framework. 

 

CapitaLand’s long-term targets (using 2008 as base year): 

› Further reduce carbon emissions intensity to 78%, from the previous 

target of 30% by 2030

› Further reduce energy consumption intensity to 35%, from the previous 

target of 30% by 2030

› Increase the proportion of total electricity consumption from renewable 

sources to 35% by 2030

› Further reduce water consumption intensity to 45%, from the previous 

target of 30% by 2030

EDUCATING AND ENCOURAGING OUR GUESTS TO GO GREEN 

ART encourages the guests at its properties to adopt 

environmentally sustainable habits through various 

initiatives. In 2020, more than 20 ART properties 

worldwide participated in the World Wide Fund Earth 

Hour initiative by turning off the façade and non-

essential lights throughout the night. Ascott also 

participated in a soap-recycling initiative with Green 

Nudge. On Happy Go Green Friday, guests of Somerset 

Millennium Makati were given reusable snack pouches 

as an alternative to single-use food containers. As part 

of a Nespresso recycling initiative, Ascott Orchard 

Singapore recycled over 2,000 used coffee capsules in 

2020. Made of aluminum, the coffee capsules are given 

a new lease of life when they are melted and reused in 

everyday objects. In addition, the used coffee grounds 

from the recycled capsules are sent to a local farm to 

become compost to grow fresh produce.





Guests are encouraged to reuse and given snack pouches as an 

alternative to single-use food containers

As part of a recycling initiative, used coffee capsules at Ascott Orchard 

Singapore are given a new lease of life when they are melted and 

reused in everyday objects

14

ASCOTT RESIDENCE TRUST 


Note: FY 2020 consumption includes 1,261MWh of electricity  

 consumption from renewable sources

Note: FY 2020 consumption includes 9,629m3 of recycled  

 water



















FY 2020

FY 2019

FY 2018

FY 2020

FY 2019

FY 2018

FY 2020

FY 2019

FY 2018

FY 2020

FY 2019

FY 2018

FY 2020

FY 2019

FY 2018

FY 2020

FY 2019

FY 2018

96,123

30%

37%

48%

67,578

95,117

80,998

82,614

57,853

14,119

13,509

9,725

ENERGY CONSUMPTION1 (MWh)

REDUCTION2 IN ENERGY INTENSITY (MWh/m2) 

VS 2008 BASELINE

CARBON EMISSIONS1 (tonnes)

REDUCTION2 IN CARBON INTENSITY (tonnes/m2) 

VS 2008 BASELINE

WATER CONSUMPTION1 (m3)

REDUCTION2 IN WATER INTENSITY (m3/m2) 

VS 2008 BASELINE

40,728

30,071

44,019

2,783

1,795

41,236

38,266

2,502

28,276

1,010,924

666,740

942,677

Indirect Energy Consumption

Direct Carbon Emissions

Direct Energy Consumption

Indirect Carbon Emissions

12%

10%

29%

30%

29%

39%

The charts below show the consumption and reduction trends for the past three financial years. Consumption was 

lower in FY 2020 as some properties were temporarily closed and the occupancies of operating properties were lower 

due to COVID-19.

1  

Computation of footprint data excluded third-party operated properties.

2  

Computation of intensity data excluded new properties which were in operation for less than 12 months, properties undergoing asset 

enhancement programmes and third-party operated properties.

15

BECAUSE TOMORROW MATTERS


Our People

As an externally-managed stapled group, ART has no 

employees and is managed by the Managers. For the 

purpose of this sustainability report, ART’s employees/

staff/workforce refer to the employees of the Managers 

and Ascott-managed properties of ART unless otherwise 

stated. The total headcount for ART was 1,638 in FY 2020.

ART’s properties are predominantly managed by 

Ascott, a wholly-owned subsidiary of CapitaLand. Key 

performance indicators for ART’s business and people 

development are aligned with that of CapitaLand. 

Occupational Health and Safety 

Occupational health and safety (OHS) of our employees, 

guests, contractors, suppliers and the communities in 

which we operate in is of utmost importance to ART. As 

part of risk management, effective OHS management is 

necessary to raise staff productivity and morale. 

Employees assume individual ownership and 

responsibility for OHS management and are encouraged 

to proactively report all OHS related incidents, including 

non-compliances and non-conformities. ART provides 

staff with safe and healthful working conditions and 

strives to eliminate or minimise hazards and risks 

through various measures. Hazards Identification 

and Risk Assessments are reviewed annually or 

when necessary. OHS hazards are identified for the 

administration, development and operational functions 

of ART’s businesses and their risks are assessed. ART has 

also put in place various standard operating procedures 

to identify and reduce occupational injury rates. 

ART responded to the threat of COVID-19 promptly by 

putting in place appropriate health and safety measures 

to mitigate risks. The Human Resource department 

also disseminated medical and travel advisories to all 

employees when there were any updates. Information 

on pandemic planning is also made readily available for 

all staff on the intranet portal, CLICK. 

CapitaLand seeks to foster a positive and proactive 

‘safety culture’ with zero fatality, permanent disability or 

major injury across the CapitaLand Group and for main 

contractors where applicable. For ART, there were zero 

work-related fatality or permanent disability and eight 

staff work-related injuries reported in FY 2020. Thorough 

investigations were conducted, and all necessary follow-

up actions were undertaken. The injury rate was 2.3 and 

absentee rate was about 7% in FY 2020. 

Anti-Child Labour and Anti-Forced Labour 

ART upholds CapitaLand’s commitment to be a workplace 

of choice for its employees. CapitaLand is a signatory of 

the United Nations Global Compact and has signed the 

Employers Pledge for Fair Employment Practices with the 

Tripartite Alliance for Fair and Progressive Employment 

Practices.

In FY 2020, ART had zero incidents related to 

discrimination, child labour or forced labour, and no 

employee was below the age of 16.

HUMAN CAPITAL



 

For more information on ART’s COVID-19 response, please 

refer to page 30 of ART’s Annual Report 2020. 

16

ASCOTT RESIDENCE TRUST 


Diversity and Inclusion 

ART embraces diversity and believes that every employee 

can make a significant contribution based on merit, 

regardless of age, race, gender, religion or family status. 

About 70 nationalities are working for ART. 

To attract talent, job opportunities are advertised publicly 

via online job portals, with selections based on individual 

merit, in line with CapitaLand’s non-discriminatory 

employment practices. In FY 2020, new hires represented 

about 5% of the total headcount of ART. 

ART has a vibrant and competent workforce that has 

given it a competitive advantage. About 63% of its global 

workforce is aged between 30 to 50. The workforce also 

comprises an almost equal ratio of males and females, 

at 47:53. Female employees are well represented at the 

middle and senior management levels. 

Re-Employment Opportunities 

CapitaLand has a re-employment policy to enable 

employees to work beyond the current statutory 

retirement age of 62, up to 67 years old, if they are still 

able and willing to continue contributing. In FY 2020, 

there were 25 ART employees above retirement age who 

extended their employment. 

Respect for Freedom of Association

ART respects its employees’ right to freedom of 

association and adheres to the Industrial Relations Act 

that allows trade unions to represent employees for 

collective bargaining. At the Group level, CapitaLand also 

works closely with the unions to foster a conducive and 

productive working environment for the mutual benefit 

of both the company and the employees. 

Talent Management 

ART actively seeks innovative, dynamic and talented 

individuals to fuel its growth and adopts a holistic approach 

to manpower planning. This includes developing internal 

talent and hiring talent across different career stages, from 

entry-level graduates to mid-career professionals and 

industry veterans. As part of its regular succession planning 

process, ART constantly builds its management bench 

strength by identifying and developing promising talents. 

Positive Work Environment 

A positive work environment is crucial to attract, retain 

and grow talent. Therefore, ART has in place a total well-

being programme that promotes personal development, 

health and work-life balance. Initiatives include a 

comprehensive medical and benefits plan, flexible work 

arrangements and subsidised rates for employees staying 

at Ascott properties. These benefits are also extended to 

part-time employees on a pro-rated basis.

ART 

observes 

a 

pay-for-performance 

philosophy 

that rewards for superior performance, which aligns 

employees and Stapled Securityholders’ interests to 

deliver long-term value. ART also adopts CapitaLand’s 

robust performance management system to ensure that 

all employees receive annual performance and career 

development reviews. 

Fair Remuneration

To ensure that ART’s compensation package and benefit 

programmes remain competitive and comprehensive, 

CapitaLand 

engages 

third-party 

consultants 

to 

benchmark ART’s remuneration packages against the 

different talent markets. Salaries are reviewed using 

these benchmarks as well as each employee’s job scope 

and responsibilities to ensure that they commensurate 

with market practice. Besides the base salary, other 



17

BECAUSE TOMORROW MATTERS




Ascott Centre for Excellence conducts training for staff and members of the hotel and accommodation services sector

1 

Including employees of the Managers

components of the compensation package include 

short-term cash bonuses and performance-based long-

term share awards.

All employees receive regular performance and career 

development reviews where employees are highly 

encouraged to discuss their performance, areas for 

improvement, development needs and career aspirations. 

ART monitors the movement of its workforce closely. 

In FY 2020, the employee turnover rate was 23%, which 

was lower than hospitality companies globally, especially 

in view of the COVID-19 pandemic. Given that ART's 

business is in the labour-intensive hospitality industry 

with a large number of non-executive staff, the staff 

movement is deemed normal. ART also conducts exit 

interviews with employees leaving the company as part 

of its continuing efforts to effect positive changes within 

ART. 

Learning and Development 

ART is committed to building and developing a dynamic 

workforce and talent pool that enables ART to achieve 

its next phase of growth. Therefore, ART seeks to equip 

employees with future-ready skills through various 

training under the CapitaLand Building Capability 

Framework.

 

CapitaLand has an in-house training hub, CapitaLand 

Institute of Management and Business (CLIMB), that 

provides appropriate training to help employees grow in 

their personal and professional capacities. Furthermore, 

CapitaLand allocates up to 3.0% of its annual wage 

bill towards employees’ learning and development 

programmes. Employees can participate in certified skills 

training programmes, personal development courses as 

well as industry seminars and conferences. Employees 

pursuing relevant training courses are entitled to 10 days 

of examination leave per calendar year.

In FY 2020, approximately 88% of Ascott employees1 

attended at least one professional training course, 52% 

attended at least one ESG training, and the average 

training hours per employee was approximately 49 hours.

To cater to Ascott’s rapid expansion and development of 

human capital, the Ascott Centre for Excellence (ACE) 

is a global hospitality training centre approved by the 

SkillsFuture Singapore specialising in training for the 

hotel and accommodation services sector. ACE conducts 

training through proprietary programmes focused on 

competencies and skills in operational readiness and 

service excellence. 

Employee Engagement 

ART supports opportunities for management-employee 

engagements through various channels, including staff 

communication sessions held by the senior management 

of CapitaLand and Ascott. These sessions allow the senior 

management to communicate and interact with the 

employees, facilitating the effective flow of information 

and alignment of business goals and objectives across 

the workforce. The senior management team of Ascott 

also provides updates on ART’s financial and operational 

performance during its staff communication sessions.

ART practises an open-door policy, allowing all 

employees to raise their concerns or feedback relating 

to any aspect of their employment with the senior 

management or the Human Resource department. 

Employees can also access information such as the 

Group’s latest developments, employment policies, 

benefits and practices through CLICK. 

 

For more information on remuneration matters relating 

to the Boards and key management personnel of ART, 

please refer to pages 115 to 119 and pages 133 to 135 

of the Corporate Governance section of ART’s Annual 

Report 2020. 

18

ASCOTT RESIDENCE TRUST 








ART recognises that anticipating and meeting the needs 

of its stakeholders create long-term business viability 

and success. Stakeholders are groups that have a vested 

interest in ART and can either affect or be affected by ART’s 

business and operations. Our key stakeholders comprise 

employees, guests and residents, business associates, 

builders and suppliers, and the local community. Other 

groups include regulators and key government agencies, 

non-governmental organisations, representatives of the 

capital market and the media.

Stakeholder Engagement

Through various engagement channels, ART seeks to 

understand the views of, communicate effectively, and 

build lasting partnerships with its stakeholders. Issues 

that are of interest to ART’s stakeholders are outlined in 

the tables on pages 24 and 25.

SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL

Employee Engagement

In FY 2020, in place of the annual Employee Engagement 

Survey, all employees were invited to participate in 

CapitaLand’s Global Pulse Survey. The survey comprised 

eight close-ended questions and one open-ended 

question and sought to understand the overall well-

being and engagement level of employees in the light of 

COVID-19. Areas covered included the level of support 

and access to information while telecommuting and 

employees’ confidence in the senior leadership. In 

prior years, the Employee Engagement Survey similarly 

comprised close-ended and open-ended questions, 

and included metrics such as net promoter score and 

overall satisfaction score.

Another employee engagement initiative is the Global 

LIFE Heartware Awards, an internal branding campaign 

of Ascott. The Awards are aimed at recognising 

outstanding individuals who consistently demonstrate 

exemplary attitude in their work and go the extra mile 

to ’deliver service from the heart’ to colleagues and 

residents, creating Ascott Moments.



19

BECAUSE TOMORROW MATTERS






Customer Satisfaction

Ascott 

tracks 

and 

monitors 

its 

properties’ 

service 

customer 

satisfaction performance via two 

main channels. Each guest is invited 

to participate in a Guest Satisfaction 

Survey upon check-out. Through the 

survey, metrics such as Customer 

Satisfaction and Net Promoter Score 

are measured and tracked. Ascott 

also collects, monitors and tracks 

its Guest Rating Score™, derived 

from guest reviews from more 

than 170 online travel agencies and 

review sites in over 45 languages. 

These metrics along with insights 

from guest feedback allow Ascott 

to benchmark and respond by 

making the necessary operational 

and service improvements to create 

a better customer experience for its 

guests.

20

ASCOTT RESIDENCE TRUST 




Ascott leveraged its lodging expertise and resources to support the fight against COVID-19

Community Development Investment and Value 

In 

line 

with 

CapitaLand’s 

sustainability 

strategy, 

community development is a key focus for ART as it 

builds strong social capital and goodwill for ART in 

the communities in which it operates. ART supports 

various stakeholder engagement activities including 

environmental sustainability, health and safety, social 

integration as well as helping underprivileged children 

and vulnerable elderly.

Advocating Employee Volunteerism 

CapitaLand is a strong advocate for community 

volunteering and was one of the first companies to grant 

its employees three days of Volunteer Service Leave 

(VSL). To acknowledge employees’ volunteering efforts 

on CapitaLand initiatives, CapitaLand Hope Foundation 

(CHF), the philanthropic arm of CapitaLand, donates 

S$500 to an approved Institution of a Public Character 

in Singapore or an International Non-Profit Organisation 

when the three days of VSL are utilised for the year.  

Helping Underprivileged Children and Vulnerable 

Elderly 

CHF also provides resources for children and youths 

from less privileged backgrounds to break away from 

the poverty cycle, and also seeks to improve the quality 

of life for the vulnerable elderly in Singapore through 

healthcare support, deeper social integration and better 

living conditions. 

COVID-19 &amp; Community Outreach 

In FY 2020, Ascott and employees of ART’s Managers 

participated in initiatives in support of communities 

affected by COVID-19. The initiatives were aligned 

with our focus on community investment, raising 

awareness and stakeholder engagement in the areas of 

philanthropy, health and safety. 

Ascott Cares 

Ascott launched ‘Ascott Cares’ to reassure guests and 

employees that stringent cleanliness and hygiene 

measures are in place at Ascott’s properties. ‘Ascott 

Cares’ comprises comprehensive protocols that comply 

with World Health Organisation’s standards and local 

regulations. As part of the ‘Ascott Cares’ commitment, 

cleaning protocols were stepped up for high-touch 

areas, protective screens were deployed at key 

customer service touchpoints. Ascott also collaborated 

with Bureau Veritas to develop a holistic programme 

where Bureau Veritas' Health, Safety and Hygiene 

experts audited and certified the implementation of 

'Ascott Cares' commitments at its properties. 

To reduce contact between guests and staff, Ascott 

deployed digital technologies such as service robots, 

self check-in kiosks and 360 degree virtual tours. At 

Ascott Orchard Singapore, radio frequency identification 

(RFID) tapping points and QR codes were implemented 

to provide guests with easier access to the internet.

Providing a Home Away from Home

As a responsible lodging company and community 

leader, Ascott stepped up to support various countries’ 

fight against COVID-19. Leveraging its lodging expertise 

and resources, Ascott provided a home away from 

home for healthcare workers, returning nationals, 

migrant workers and other affected communities who 

needed alternative accommodation. 

In Singapore, Ascott worked together with CHF and the 

Agency for Integrated Care to provide complimentary 

accommodation for the care staff at Lee Ah Mooi Old 

Age Home when they were displaced from their homes 

by their landlords amidst the COVID-19 situation.

21

BECAUSE TOMORROW MATTERS




Temasek Foundation’s Stay 

Prepared Initiative

CapitaLand 

supported 

Temasek 

Foundation’s Stay Prepared Initiative 

amid 

the 

COVID-19 

situation 

by rallying employee volunteers 

to 

distribute 

alcohol-free 

hand 

sanitisers to the local community at 

16 participating CapitaLand malls. 

Employees of ART’s Managers were 

stationed at IMM and JCube to 

man the registration booths as well 

as the bottle labelling and sanitiser 

dispensing stations.

CapitaLand #MealOnMe

In partnership with The Food Bank Singapore and CapitaLand malls’ food and 

beverage tenants, CHF embarked on a ‘CapitaLand #MealOnMe’ initiative to 

provide meals and food bundles to the elderly and other vulnerable groups. 

More than 150 CapitaLand employees and their family members were 

on-ground to personally deliver meals to the elderly and underprivileged 

children in the community. CapitaLand's #MealOnMe initiative has 

distributed 30,000 meals to 800 elderly and 200 underprivileged children. 

Around 2,000 food bundles have also been distributed to the elderly.

CapitaLand-Bright Horizons Fund 

Ready-for-School Programme 

2020

As part of the CapitaLand-Bright 

Horizons Fund Ready-for-School 

Programme, NTUC First Campus’ 

My First Skool pre-school children 

from low-income families would 

usually go on learning journeys at 

CapitaLand malls to celebrate the 

completion of their pre-school 

education. Due to the COVID-19 

pandemic, 

the 

children 

were 

not able to head to the malls but 

nevertheless 

received 

school 

bags with schooling essentials in 

preparation for primary school, 

individually packed by employee 

volunteers.





As part of CapitaLand’s #MealOnMe initiative, food bundles were distributed to the elderly and 

vulnerable groups

School bags with schooling essentials were packed by CapitaLand volunteers to prepare 

children from low-income families for primary school

Employees of CapitaLand distributed hand 

sanitisers to the local community at 16 

participating CapitaLand malls

22

ASCOTT RESIDENCE TRUST 


Corporate Governance Culture

The Managers are committed to upholding the highest 

standards of corporate governance and transparency in 

their policies and processes, while achieving operational 

excellence and delivering ART’s long-term strategic 

objectives. The Managers believe that practising good 

corporate governance is essential to ensuring long-

term business viability and growth and safeguarding 

ART’s assets and Stapled Securityholders’ interests.  

The Boards are responsible for the corporate governance 

standards and policies developed by the Managers, 

underscoring the importance of corporate governance 

to ART. The policies and practices meet the specific 

business needs of ART and provide a firm foundation for 

a trusted and respected business enterprise.

Throughout FY 2020, the Managers complied with the 

principles of the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 

(Code), and, substantially, with the provisions underlying 

the principles of the Code. 

ART also adhered to the guidelines, policies and practices 

relating to Dealing with Interested Persons, Dealing with 

Conflicts of Interests, Dealings in Securities and Code of 

Business Conduct and any other rules and regulations. 

Compliance 

In FY 2020, there were no incidents of material non-

compliance  with the applicable laws and regulations 

relevant to ART, the Managers, or the property 

operators. These include legislations and requirements 

concerning marketing activities and room sales. ART 

targets zero incidents of material non-compliance with 

the applicable laws and regulations in FY 2021. 

 

In adherence to CapitaLand’s Fraud, Bribery and 

Corruption Risk Management Policy, ART adopts a zero-

tolerance stance against any bribery and corruption in 

the conduct of its business activities and calls upon staff 

to observe ethical principles in their work and business 

dealings. A whistle-blowing policy and other procedures 

are in place to provide staff and external parties who 

have dealings with ART, with a well-defined, accessible 

and trusted channel to report suspected fraud, 

corruption, dishonest practices or other improprieties 

in the workplace. 

ART is a signatory to the Statement of Support Towards 

Excellence in Corporate Governance initiated by 

Securities Investors Association (Singapore) (SIAS). The 

Managers are also members of the Financial Industry 

Disputes Resolution Centre Ltd (FIDReC), Investor 

Relations Professionals Association (Singapore) (IRPAS) 

and REIT Association of Singapore (REITAS). 

 

Recognised for its corporate governance efforts, ART 

was ranked third in the REIT and Business Trust category 

of the Singapore Governance and Transparency Index 

2020, conducted by the National University of Singapore 

Business School’s Centre for Governance, Institutions 

and Organisations. 

 

Enterprise Risk Management

Risk management is an integral part of ART’s business 

– both operationally and strategically. Adopting 

CapitaLand’s 

Enterprise 

Risk 

Management 

(ERM) 

Framework enables ART to identify, manage, monitor 

and report material risks in an integrated, systematic 

and consistent manner. 

The Boards are responsible for the governance of risks 

across ART, assisted by the Audit Committee, who 

provides dedicated oversight of risk management at the 

Boards’ level. The Boards approve ART’s risk appetite, 

which determines the nature and extent of material risks 

that the Managers are willing to take to achieve ART’s 

strategic and business objectives. 

Financial Performance 

ART’s financial performance was adversely impacted by 

COVID-19 in FY 2020 as travel came to a standstill. ART’s 

strong fundamentals and financial position mitigated 

some of the impact, providing resilience despite the 

adversity. 

 

For more information on ART's financial performance, 

please refer to the Financial Review section on pages 76 

to 81 and Financial Statements on pages 142 to 355 of 

ART's Annual Report 2020.

To deepen its commitment towards sustainability, ART 

secured its first S$50 million five-year green loan from 

DBS Bank in early January 2021. The proceeds from the 

loan will be used to finance ART’s maiden development 

project, lyf one-north Singapore, which is certified 

Green Mark GoldPLUS by the BCA.

FINANCIAL CAPITAL 

 

For more information, please refer to the ERM section on 

pages 96 to 100 of ART’s Annual Report 2020.

 

For details on ART’s guidelines, policies and practices, 

please refer to the Corporate Governance section and 

Statement on Policies and Practices on pages 101 to 141 

of ART’s Annual Report 2020.

 

For more information on ART’s Fraud, Bribery and Corruption 

Risk Management Policy and Whistle-Blowing Policy, please 

refer to page 131 of the Corporate Governance section of 

ART’s Annual Report 2020.

ORGANISATIONAL CAPITAL 

23

BECAUSE TOMORROW MATTERS




Stakeholders are groups that ART’s business has a significant impact on and those with a vested interest in our 

operations. Key stakeholders include customers, business associates, builders and suppliers, employees and the 

local community. Other groups include regulators and key government agencies, non-governmental organisations, 

representatives of the capital market and the media. They are mapped into groups based on their relationship with ART.

Through the various engagement channels, we seek to understand our stakeholders’ views, communicate effectively 

with them and respond to their concerns.

Stakeholder 

Description/Purpose

Engagement Channel 

Key Topics/Issues

Employees 

To develop a high-

performance work culture 

that embraces diversity, 

innovation and teamwork 

› Regular dialogue sessions 

with senior management 

› Regular employee 

engagement survey 

› Volunteer programmes 

› Recreation club activities 

› Regular staff engagement 

initiatives, such as the 

global LIFE Heartware 

Awards to recognise staff 

who consistently provide 

exemplary service

› Work-life balance

› Remuneration and 

benefits 

› Employee welfare and 

well-being

› Training and 

development 

› Promoting a culture of 

service excellence 

Customers – 

Guests and 

Residents

To track, monitor and 

improve on guest 

satisfaction

› Regular satisfaction surveys 

› Guest Rating Score 

› Loyalty programmes

› Marketing and promotional 

campaigns

› Quality and well-

managed serviced 

residences 

› Operational and service 

improvements

› Positive guest 

experience 

Investors, 

Analysts and 

Media

To cultivate trust and 

confidence through two-

way communication 

› Announcements on SGXNet 

and on ART’s corporate 

website, including ART’s 

financial results and business 

updates

› Annual and Extraordinary 

General Meetings

› Annual reports and 

sustainability reports

› Media releases and 

interviews

› Regular analyst and investor 

meetings

› Responses to sustainability 

surveys 

› Operational efficiency, 

monetary savings, cost 

optimisation 

› DPS yield, earnings, 

operational 

performance, business 

strategy, market outlook

› Environmental, 

Social and Corporate 

Governance risks and 

opportunities 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

24

ASCOTT RESIDENCE TRUST 




Stakeholder 

Description/Purpose

Engagement Channel 

Key Topics/Issues

Supply Chain – 

Main Contractors, 

Vendors, 

Suppliers, 

Creditors 

To be a fair and reasonable 

employer for goods and 

services and share industry 

best practices

› CapitaLand’s contract 

management guidelines and 

house rules

› CapitaLand Supply Chain 

Code of Conduct

› EHS Guidelines 

› Policy and quarterly EHS 

monitoring

› Vendor evaluation, including 

events, meetings and 

trainings 

› Design and quality 

› Occupational health 

and safety practices

› Workers welfare and 

well-being 

› Environmental 

compliance 

› Timely payment 

Government 

Agencies and 

Regulators / 

Community and 

NGOs

To be a responsible 

corporate citizen 

and contribute to the 

communities in which ART 

operates

› Employee volunteerism 

and corporate social 

responsibility programmes

› Regulatory readiness to the 

Singapore Government’s 

commitment to manage 

carbon emission 

› Longstanding partner 

of various national 

programmes 

› Sustainability reports

› Participation in external 

conferences/forums

› Corporate advertisements

› Consultation and sharing 

with academics, NGOs and 

business associations 

› Senior management 

representation on boards of 

various industry bodies and 

sustainability related public 

discussions 

› Philanthropy

› Sustainable building 

developments 

› Stakeholder 

programmes to 

advocate sustainable 

consumer behaviours 

› Advocating best 

practices

25

BECAUSE TOMORROW MATTERS


ASCOTT RESIDENCE TRUST MANAGEMENT LIMITED

As Manager of Ascott Real Estate Investment Trust

Company Registration Number: 200516209Z

ASCOTT BUSINESS TRUST MANAGEMENT PTE. LTD.

As Trustee-Manager of Ascott Business Trust

Company Registration Number: 201925299R

168 Robinson Road

#30-01 Capital Tower

Singapore 068912

Tel: +65 6713 2888

Fax: +65 6713 2121

Email: ask-us@ascottresidencetrust.com

www.ascottresidencetrust.com

