
1

ASIAMEDIC LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)

Company Registration No.: 197401556E

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

For financial year ended 31 December 2017

1.

ABOUT ASIAMEDIC LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES

We are a one-stop outpatient wellness, medical diagnostic imaging, international

clinic, and medical aesthetics service provider in Singapore.

For the financial year ended 31 December 2017 (“FY2017”), we reported a revenue

of S$19 million (2016: S$20 million) and a loss for the year of S$4.2 million (2016:

S$1.6 million). Wellness (principally health screening) and medical diagnostic

imaging were our main revenue contributors for FY2017. The higher loss in FY2017

was due mainly to lower revenue from medical diagnostic imaging business, higher

impairment of property, plant and equipment, lower other income (due to lower

government grants and termination of sub-lease to third parties), and the expenses

incurred for the proposed acquisition of LuyeEllium Healthcare Co., Ltd.

2.

BOARD STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY

This is the first sustainability report prepared by AsiaMedic Limited. The Board of

Directors (the “Board”) of AsiaMedic Limited has provided direct guidance to the

Company’s key senior management (the “Management”) in the preparation of this

report. Based on the guidelines of Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards, the

Board and the Management identify material factors relevant to the Group. The

Management then further assesses, monitors and documents the Group’s efforts in

managing the identified factors. The Board and the Management will continue to

work closely to ensure that the Group has a structured and functioning sustainability

reporting framework.

As the competition in the Group’s markets intensify, the Group has implemented

various plans to differentiate the Group from its competitors and continue to explore

avenues to improve the Group’s performances. Whilst the Group explores its plans

and avenues, the Board and the Management would like to take this opportunity to

thank our stakeholders for their patience and understanding.

We hope this report will help our stakeholders understand the Group and its business

decisions, and allow the Group to be sustainable in the long run.


2

3.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING PROCESSES

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of the sustainability factors.

Relevant factors are then prioritised as material factors which are then validated. The

end result of this process is a list of material factors disclosed in this report, inter-

relations of which are as shown in the chart below:

4.

REPORTING PERIOD

This report is in respect of the Group’s financial year ended 31 December 2017.

5.

KEY STAKEHOLDERS

Our key stakeholders are our shareholders, customers, our employees, the

healthcare regulator in Singapore (Ministry of Health), and suppliers.

Key stakeholder

Methods of engagement

Shareholders



Annual General Meeting



SGXNET announcements



Corporate website (www.asiamedic.com.sg)

Identification of the material factors that are relevant to the

Group’s activities and data points for performance reporting

Prioritisation of the material factors and identify key sustainability

factors to be reported on

Validation involves the assessment on the completeness of key

sustainability factors identified to finalise the sustainability report

content

Review focuses on the material factors in the previous reporting

period and also considers stakeholders’ feedback, changing

business landscape, and emerging trends

Identification

Prioritisation

Validation

Review


3

Key stakeholder

Methods of engagement

Customers



Patient visits and consultations



Feedback forms



Customer hotline



Facebook



Email



Corporate website



On-site visits

Employees



Induction and orientation programmes



On-the-job training



Town hall meetings



Departmental meetings



Annual appraisal



Continuous dialogue

Regulator



Guidelines



Email



Telecommunication



Site visits

Suppliers



Meetings



Email



Telecommunication

6.

MATERIAL FACTORS

We believe the following factors are relevant for the long term sustainability of the

Group:

6.1.

Competition

The Group continues to face stiff competition in the markets it operates. The

Group’s wellness and medical diagnostic imaging businesses continues to

encounter competition largely on pricing while the Group’s international clinic

(catering mainly to the expatriate community) and medical aesthetics clinic

operate in a fragmented market.

Competition is especially acute for our wellness and diagnostic imaging

business and has intensified over the years. We compete locally for patients

from both private and public sectors. There are also medical practitioners who

have established their own medical diagnostic imaging facilities in their clinics

which compete with the Group. Furthermore, competing largely based on

pricing is unhealthy and will result in margin erosion.

Our international clinic and medical aesthetics clinic face competition mainly

from the private operators which comprise a large number of single

practitioner clinics. Competition is localised as patients generally do not travel

beyond their comfort zone for medical consultation and treatment.


4

6.2.

Customers and their satisfaction level

The main customers of our businesses are as follows:

(a)

Diagnostic imaging – medical clinics, medical practitioners and hospitals

who refer their patients to us

(b)

Wellness – corporates/companies who provide health screening benefits

to their employees, government agencies whom we undertake certain

school/community health screening and health coaching activities on

their behalf, and individual private patients

(c)

International clinic and medical aesthetic – individual private patients

The ability to deliver quality professional services and care at competitive

prices is a value driver in healthcare delivery. Our reputation as a respected

and trusted provider of quality services and care at competitive prices will

help us to attract and retain customers.

6.3.

Recruitment and retention of healthcare professionals comprising

radiologists, medical doctors, radiographers and nurses

The ongoing ability to recruit, develop, and retain qualified radiologists,

medical doctors, radiographers and nurses is critical to us as they are central

to the services that we provide to our customers. There is an exceptional high

demand in our industry for the first three groups of healthcare professionals of

radiologists, medical doctors and radiographers in Singapore. Our continued

ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract such new

healthcare professionals and to retain and motivate the existing ones. We

may not be able to hire and retain a sufficient number of such healthcare

professionals, and we expect that our costs for the salaries and benefits of

these healthcare professionals will continue to increase for the foreseeable

future because of the industry’s competitive demand for their services.

7.

POLICIES, PRACTICES, PERFORMANCE AND TARGETS

7.1.

Competition

We strive to provide quality healthcare services to prevent further margin

erosion. We have continuously reviewed our service levels as well as our

operational processes for better efficiency and cost management. Delivering

quality healthcare services while controlling costs is challenging. We have

implemented schemes to monitor and assess our service levels such as our

ability to reschedule patients’ appointments, capacity of our machines,

reducing waiting time of patients, faster turnaround time, ability to provide

multiple modalities and disciplines, and the quality of our consultations and

services.

As disclosed in the FY2017 Annual Report, the Group is in the process of

executing various plans to turnaround the Group’s performance.

7.2.

Customers and their satisfaction level

We currently do not conduct formal customer satisfaction surveys due to the

nature of the businesses. Instead, we use other means to assess customer

satisfaction. We have provided feedback forms at the waiting areas so that


5

the patrons of our centre or clinics can provide their feedback and

suggestions while waiting for their turns. We also have other modes of

communications such as our website, Facebook pages, customer hotline and

email address. We strive to ensure customer satisfaction by fostering good

long-term relationship with our customers. We pro-actively engage our key

customers (such as medical practitioners and corporates) to develop service

levels that are tailored to their specific needs. As patient experience is based

on the clinical aspect as well as the personal aspect, we also aim for our

patients to have a positive experience in our clinics through our focus on

continuously improving the way our staff interact with our patients. To this

end, all our clinical and non-clinical staff attended a “Service Quality”

workshop in January 2018 conducted by a certified trainer.

As we currently do not have formal customer satisfaction survey data, the

disclosure of performance targets is deferred till a time when suitable

appropriate indicators are identified.

7.3.

Recruitment and retention of healthcare professionals comprising

radiologists, medical doctors, radiographers and nurses

We adopt the following practices to attract and retain our other employees:

(a) Reward system – We provide competitive packages based on market

rates.

(b) Working environment – Our employees work in an environment which is

receptive, friendly and conducive.

(c) Work-life integration – We provide work opportunities to employees

whose family/life circumstances only allow them to take up part-time

permanent employment.

(d) Training – The Group recognizes the importance of investing in our

employees and we are committed to ensuring that all employees can

realise their potential through formal external seminars, conferences and

on-the-job training.

(e) Constant dialogue – We have constant dialogue and conversations with

our employees, both individually and as a group, to engage them on their

concerns and needs.

The above practices are also applied to our key healthcare professionals of

radiologists, medical doctors and radiographers. As we do not have a large

number of such healthcare professionals as the scale of our operations is

relatively small and we endeavour to be lean operationally, the resignation of

a radiologist, medical doctor or radiographer is always keenly felt. In our

opinion, it would not be in the interests of the Group to disclose the turnover

rate due to the commercial sensitivity reason.

8.

OTHER SUSTAINABILITY FACTORS

8.1.

Corporate governance

A high standard of corporate governance is integral in ensuring sustainability

of the Group’s business as well as safeguarding shareholders’ interest and

maximizing long term shareholder value. Please refer to the Corporate

Governance Report of our FY2017 Annual Report for details for our corporate

governance practices.


6

8.2.

Regulatory requirements

The healthcare industry has many standards and regulations. As a healthcare

service provider in Singapore:

(a) We adhere to and comply strictly with all relevant standards and

regulations including the Private Hospitals and Medical Clinics Act,

Medicine

Act,

Health Products

Act, Radiation

Protection

Act,

and

Singapore Medical Council Ethical Code and Ethical Guidelines.

(b) It is our policy to comply with all laws, rules and regulations governing

anti-bribery and anti-corruption. The prohibitions on bribery and corruption

are disseminated to all our personnel on an annual basis.

We did not have any non-compliance with regulatory requirements during the

reporting period and we aim to maintain this every year.

8.3.

Environment

Our

operations

do

not

have

a

material

impact

on

the

environment.

Nevertheless, we contribute our part by ensuring compliance with the

National

Environmental

Agency’s

radiation

protection

regulations,

the

disposal of biohazard wastes through the proper channels, and the purchase

of our medical supplies from reputable vendors.

Date: 17 December 2018

