
1 

 











 

  

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY  

REPORT  

2021 




CONTENT 

2 

 

 

1. 

Board Statement 

 

3 

2. 

About This Report 

4 

3. 

APS’ Business 

6 

4. 

APS’ Sustainability Approach 

 

5. 

2021 Sustainability Highlights 

10 

13 

6. 

Material Topics 

16 

7. 

GRI Content Index  

24 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This document has been reviewed by the Company's sponsor, PrimePartners Corporate Finance 

Pte. Ltd. (the “Sponsor”). It has not been examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (the “Exchange”) and the Exchange assumes no responsibility for the 

contents of this document, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made 

or reports contained in this document 

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr Shervyn Essex, 16 Collyer Quay #10-00 Income at Raffles 

Singapore 049318, sponsorship@ppcf.com.sg. 

 

 

 

 


BOARD STATEMENT 

3 

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

 

We are in our fourth year of the sustainability reporting journey, where we are pleased to present the 

Sustainability Report for Asia-Pacific Strategic Investments Limited (“APS”, together with its 

subsidiaries, the “Group” or “we” or “our”) for the financial year ended 30 June 2021. This report 

outlines our continuous commitment towards operating our businesses in an economically, socially 

and environmentally responsible manner. 

 

The financial year ended 30 June 2021 continued to be a disruptive one in which the COVID-19 

pandemic has affected billions of people globally and many businesses have been negatively impacted. 

Our businesses are also affected by the pandemic. Despite the continuous challenges, we have 

continued to fulfil our sustainability responsibilities by implementing various sustainability initiatives 

and strengthening our sustainability strategies by managing sustainability risks and opportunities. 

 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) values the importance of committing to our sustainability 

responsibilities towards the global and national sustainability standards which goes hand in hand 

towards achieving continuous growth in the Company. In our strategic formulation, we incorporate 

Environmental, Social, and Governance ("ESG") factors so that performance standards and action 

plans will be directed towards creating sustainability value for all stakeholders. In this financial year 

2021, Anatole by Landison Hotel Huzhou (“Landison Hotel”, previously known as Cheery Hotel Huzhou) 

located at Zhejiang Province, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), recognises that COVID-19 

presents significant challenges to the disadvantaged. Hence, Landison Hotel identified a suitable 

beneficiary, the handicapped nursing centre in Hefu Town, to offer them care packages to support 

some of their needs. 

 

Having reviewed our business operations, the Group revised the master development plan of Project 

Phoenix (previously known as the Huzhou Project) into an integrated residential-cum-active ageing 

hub supported by healthcare related, commercial, educational and family entertainment facilities that 

promote overall well-being and life-long learning. We aim to obtain relevant local governments' 

approval of the revised master development plan in financial year ending 30 June 2022. 

 

The Board would like to express our gratitude and sincere appreciation to our stakeholders, 

shareholders, employees, customers and business partners, for your unwavering support over the 

years. We strive to brave through this pandemic with your support and develop a more sustainable 

environment for all. 

 

Sincerely, 

Board of Directors  

Asia-Pacific Strategic Investments Limited 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


ABOUT THIS REPORT 

4 

 

 

 

Our report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards 

Sustainability Reporting Guidelines 2016 - Core Option and its reporting principles as it provides a 

substantial framework which is a globally recognised standard for sustainability reporting. This report 

also takes reference from Rules 711A and 711B of the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist of the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) for sustainability reporting. Unless 

otherwise stated, this report focuses on our performance from 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021 (“FY2021”), 

which provides a holistic overview of APS’ ESG factors for sustainable and responsible business 

development.  

 

Key Reporting Principles 

 

Our report is prepared based on the following principles: 

 

Materiality 

Stakeholder 

Inclusiveness 

Sustainability Context 

Completeness 

Focusing on issues 

that impact business 

growth and are of 

utmost importance to 

stakeholders 

Responding to 

stakeholders’ 

expectations and 

interests 

Presenting 

performance in the 

wider context of 

sustainability 

Including all 

information that is of 

significant economic, 

environmental and 

social impact to 

enable stakeholders 

to assess APS' 

performance 

 

Through this Report, we hope to share our sustainability commitment with our stakeholders. 

Feedback from our stakeholders is vital for us to continually improve our reporting and sustainability 

practices. We welcome your views, comments or feedback, which may be directed to 

contactasiastrategic@gmail.com. 

 

In line with our commitment to environmental sustainability, APS continues to print only limited 

copies of this sustainability report as part of our environmental conservation effort. The electronic 

edition of the report is available at: www.asiastrategic.com.sg 

 

 




ABOUT THIS REPORT 

5 

 

This report will focus on three main areas. Firstly, an evaluation of APS’ performance during FY2021 

in terms of the economic, environmental, social and governance aspects of our business. Secondly, a 

discussion on the challenges and material issues which will affect the stakeholders in their decision 

making. Thirdly, an update to our stakeholders on how we plan to manage such challenges and issues, 

as well as our management strategy.  

 

APS has not sought external independent assurance to verify the data and information provided within 

this report. 


APS’ BUSINESS 

6 

 

About APS 

 

APS is a public company limited by shares and is listed on the Catalist Board of SGX-ST since 31 August 

2007. We are mainly engaged in the business of investment holding and property development, with 

our principal place of operation located at 1 Scotts Road, #20-07 Shaw Centre, Singapore 228208. 

Despite the ongoing COVID-19 challenges, the Group has maintained our staff strength of more than 

90 employees to facilitate our strategy to become a regional real estate developer, focusing on the 

hospitality sector and retirement villages.  

 

Project Phoenix is the Group's first venture into the PRC, following its acquisition of a majority stake 

in two property companies in Huzhou, Zhejiang Province, in 2017. APS’ vision is to become a choice 

partner for integrated active ageing retirement townships offering a comprehensive range of services 

and activities for seniors as well as their families when they visit. The Group revised the master 

development plan of Project Phoenix in FY2021 and targets to obtain relevant local governments' 

approval in FY2022. 

 

 

 

APS also owns and operates a luxury riverside boutique hotel which is strategically located adjacent 

to Project Phoenix. Through a hotel brand franchise agreement with Zhejiang Tourism Investment 

Hotel Group 浙江浙旅投酒店集团有限公司 (“ZTIHG”), the hotel is renamed Landison Hotel and is 

well connected to ZTIHG’s wide network of 157 hotels in 14 Chinese provinces under brands such as 

Landison and Deefly, to expand its client base. The experience gained from successfully growing Hotel 

Landison’s reach through working with ZTIHG will not only strengthen our capabilities in the 

hospitality sector, but will also be invaluable in our search for new hotel projects in China and 

Southeast Asia. 

 

Despite the ongoing COVID- 19 pandemic, the Landison Hotel continues to operate with several local 

government-imposed safety management measures in place. Landison Hotel is currently capable of 




APS’ BUSINESS 

7 

 

accommodating corporate clients, business travellers, tour groups and walk-in guests, allowing our 

operations to continue despite the current economic conditions.  

 

During FY2021, Landison Hotel recognises that COVID-19 presents significant challenges and wishes 

to help the disadvantaged - handicapped nursing centres in Hefu Town. In September 2020, the staff 

at Landison Hotel offered them care packages to help support some of their needs. In addition to 

giving back to the community, this visit was also meant to raise awareness of our hotel. 

 

 

 

Our sales and marketing staff is continually evaluating our competitors' promotional and marketing 

strategies in order to boost our hotel's competitiveness in the market. We promote hotel packages 

and products online, including our official WeChat page and our hotel booking platform. 

 

Apart from promoting hotel products and packages through online channels such as the hotel’s official 

WeChat platform and hotel booking platform, the Group will also utilise ZTIHG's booking systems to 

better optimise revenue. 

 

 

To improve profitability and depending on the Covid-19 situation, the Group may rationalise the 

number of headcounts on duty by way of unpaid leaves. 

 

Despite the economic headwinds, we remain optimistic about Project Phoenix in the medium- to long-

term because PRC is the world's second largest economy. To ensure long-term success, APS aims to 

review and execute activities that are in line with the concepts of sustainability within our business. 

 

 

 

 

 






APS’ BUSINESS 

8 

 



Organisational Profile 

 

The latest Group structure as at 30 June 2021 is reflected in the table below:  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Asia-Pacific Real 

Estate (Hangzhou) 

Information Advisory 

Co., Ltd

Asia-Pacific Strategic 

Investments Holding 

Limited

Global Alliance 

Property Pte. Ltd.

Huzhou Dixi Gengdu 

Ecological Agriculture 

Development Co., Ltd

Huzhou Bihai Silver 

Beach Resort 

Management Co., Ltd

Zhongfang Lianhe 

Grand Canal Cultural 

Tourism Group Co., 

Ltd

Zhejiang Zhongfang 

Yashe Hotel 

Management Co., Ltd

Zhejiang Zhongfang 

Ludizhou Properties 

Management Co., Ltd

Zhejiang Zhongfang 

Ludizhou Real Estate 

Agency Co., Ltd

Zhejiang Zhongfang 

Ludizhou Real Estate 

Development Co., Ltd

Huzhou Ludi Wetland 

Tourism 

Development Co., Ltd


APS’ BUSINESS 

9 

 

Our Supply Chain 

 

APS believes that long-term supply chain management can be a powerful driver of value and success 

for our Company. We recognise the importance of effective and responsible supplier engagement in 

maintaining our competitive advantage, ensuring the quality of services we provide to our guests, and 

improving our construction work for Project Phoenix. 

 

The COVID-19 pandemic has had an impact on the global supply chain, and we recognise the role we 

must play in ensuring the continuous flow of essential supplies for hotel operations, such as food and 

beverages and hotel amenities, without compromising the quality of goods and services procured. We 

will continue to closely monitor the situation regarding our suppliers. 

 

FOCUS AREAS FOR SUSTAINABILITY PROCUREMENT 

 

 

Sustainable Sources 

Maintain Exclusive Vendors List and ongoing sourcing of new 

vendors 

 

 

Environmental Impact 

Minimise environmental impact of "used" products sourced 

 

Supply Chain Assurance 

Assessment for vendors in terms of ESG factors 

 

 

 

We uphold strict quality standards and constantly maintain good relationships with our suppliers and 

subcontractors while focusing on developing a sustainable supply chain for the Group. 

 

We are committed to identifying sustainable sources for our key material categories for both the hotel 

and future construction by conducting thorough screening of consultants and suppliers, as well as 

stringent vendor selection. When selecting vendors, we pay attention to the quality of craftsmanship 

as well as health, safety, and environmental compliance management, in order to mitigate and 

prevent any negative impact on our business and the environment.  

 

Our contractors, consultants, and suppliers will also be examined on a periodic basis to ensure that 

the products and services provided by them are of consistent quality and meet the requirements of 

our hotel business and development projects. 

 

 






APS’ SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH



 

10 

 

Sustainability Governance and Principles  

 

The integration of good corporate governance into our business is crucial to achieving sustainable, 

long-term value creation, especially in relation to the economic, environmental, social, and 

governance pillars. In addition to overseeing and monitoring APS' corporate governance policies, the 

Board reviews APS' corporate governance standards annually. A strong Board and robust corporate 

governance practices provide a firm foundation for building financial integrity, organisational 

credibility, and investor confidence. 

 

It is essential to implement the established framework of good corporate governance throughout the 

strategic and operational levels of the Company to achieve sustainable business practices.  

 

To support the Board in executing its responsibilities and ensuring good corporate governance, APS 

has three Board committees: Audit Committee, Nominating Committee, and Remuneration 

Committee. 

 

 

The Board 

 

Provides strategic direction and specifically 

considers sustainability issues as part of its 

strategic formulation 

 

Determine material ESG factors and ensure 

that they are monitored and managed 

 

Board Committee 

 

Assists 

the 

Board 

in 

fulfilling 

its 

responsibilities 

for 

the 

Group's 

sustainability initiatives 

 

Business Units 

 

Implement sustainability related initiatives 

cascaded from the Board Committees, 

ensuring a clear and consistent approach 

across the Group 

 

 

 

As APS moves beyond its statutory duties and responsibilities, we are taking a strategic approach to 

sustainability by aligning our sustainability focus areas with our corporate vision, values, and strategies. 

Our goal at APS is to integrate our sustainability approach into our business operations in order to 

serve the interests of our wider stakeholders. A commitment to sustainability throughout APS' value 

chain would provide an impetus to enhance the value of APS in a dynamic and sustainable way. 

 

 

 




APS’ SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH



 

11 

 

 

PEOPLE 

 

Attracting and 

retaining the 

right talent 

 

Right people with the right skill sets form the cornerstone of every 

growing company. We strive to streamline backend operations and 

retain top talent whilst recruiting new talent at the same time. 

 

 

  

PROJECT 

Ramping up 

pipeline 

 

Our focus is to build up our top line revenue and establish a 

sustainable earnings stream over time. APS envisages that each 

business unit will be profitable, generating cash flows to fund its 

activities. 

 

 

APS expects to continue to comply with the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 for the upcoming 

financial year ending 30 June 2022 ("FY2022"). For FY2021, there were no reported cases of fraud, 

corruption, or unethical behavior. APS is committed to upholding this good record by constantly 

enhancing and improving its internal controls. 

 


APS’ SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH



 

12 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

Based on stakeholder engagement, we have identified the most relevant ESG factors that we believe 

should be our focus and basis when formulating corporate strategies. It is crucial that the point of view 

of stakeholders is communicated on an on-going basis in relation to economic, environmental, social 

and governance aspects and to address their respective concerns as their concerns will be taken into 

account in the strategy planning and decision making process. 

 

The table below illustrates key stakeholder groups, their engagement activities, expectations and 

frequency of interactions with them.  

 

Stakeholder Group 

Engagement Activities 

Stakeholder Expectations 

Frequency 

Customers 

 

Marketing brochures, online 

platform, enquiry and 

feedback channel, customer 

service hotlines, periodic 

business networking 

 

Good quality of services 

 

After-sales support 

 

Social distancing at hotel 

 

Implement temperature-

taking at hotel 

 

Ad-hoc 

Employees 

 

Staff communication 

channel, periodic internal 

newsletter, annual meeting 

 

Staff welfare 

 

Competitive remuneration 

packages 

 

Efficient software program 

and platform 

 

Work-from-home 

arrangement if possible 

 

Staggered working hours 

 

Ad-hoc 

 Investors 

 

Annual meetings, periodic 

media releases and circulars 

to shareholders, periodic 

SGX announcements  

 

Profitability 

 

Transparency 

 

Timely reporting 

 

Business sustainability 

 

Annually/Ad-hoc 

Business Partners 

 

 

Frequent discussions and 

meetings 

 

 

Partnership for 

opportunities and growth 

Ad-hoc 

Government and 

Regulators  

 

Discussions with 

government agencies and 

departments 

 

 

Compliance with 

regulations 

 

Timely reporting and 

resolution of issues 

 

Compliance with COVID-19 

safety measures 

 

Ad-hoc 












2021 SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS



 

13 

 

Sustainability Highlights 

 

 

 

Environmental 

Protection 

 

 

Human Capital 

 

Compliance with 

Laws and 

Regulations 

 

 

Economic 

Performance 

 

 

 










2021 SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS



 

14 

 

Identifying Our Focus 

 

A series of material topics are re-evaluated annually by the Board for its relevance based on an analysis 

of internal and external stakeholder engagement in addition to the current global and local trends.   

 

During FY2021, we are pleased to report, based on our engagement with stakeholders, that the 

existing topics remain relevant to our business and stakeholders, and that no additional topics were 

identified.  

 

 

The table summarises the ESG topics’ corresponding performance, commitments and targets after 

taking into consideration the different stakeholder groups’ interests. 

 

Topic 

Relevance and Impacts 

Commitments &amp; Targets 

Environmental 

Protection 

Applies to APS’ business in property 

development and hotel in the PRC where 

the business has direct impact on the 

environment. Issues including 

environmental management, efficient use 

of energy and water to initiatives to 

protect the environment are key issues to 

all our stakeholders 

 

 Establish guidelines on 

environmental protection 

measures 

 Set up data collection system on 

energy and water usage of 

business operation in the PRC 

Human Capital 

Fair employment practices in aspects of 

hiring, remuneration, benefits, welfare 

and career development are important to 

attract, retain and develop good 

candidates for all our business segments. 

These are issues of interest to our 

stakeholders. 

 

 Clear employee rights and 

benefits set out in employee 

handbook disseminated to all 

employees 

 Consistent hiring practice and 

welfare  

 

 

 































































































































































































































































































Environmental 

Protection

Human Capital

Compliance with Laws 

and Regulations

Economic 

Performance

0

1

2

3

4

5

6

0

1

2

3

4

5

6

Influence on stakeholders assessment and decision

Significance of economic, environmental and social impact


2021 SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS



 

15 

 

Topic 

 

Relevance and Impacts 

Commitments &amp; Targets 

Compliance with Laws 

and Regulations 

 

Measures in place to comply with anti-

corruption, socioeconomic, 

environmental and industry related laws 

and regulations are important as we 

recognise the significant of its legal 

impact. These issues are areas with 

heightened attention of various 

stakeholders. 

 

 Continue to comply with laws and 

regulations 

 

Economic 

Performance 

All external and internal stakeholders look 

to our economic performance, value 

generation and distribution to 

communities where our business 

operates. 

 

 Revenue and profit growth in 

short- to medium-term 

 Sustainable dividend payout 

 


MATERIAL TOPICS



 

16 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION 

 

APS continually strives to develop mitigation and adaptation strategies to protect the planet, to 

mitigate climate change, and to prevent pollution related to environmental risks. This is particularly 

relevant to our property development and hotel businesses in the PRC. APS reviews energy and water 

efficiency in detail and monitors consumption levels to ensure that ecosystem resources are efficiently 

used, resulting in operational efficiency and long-term sustainability for the Group. 

 

Green Development 

Developing a greener society has become a global goal. As our cities are rapidly developing, that has 

severe impacts on the natural environment as the design, construction and operation of the buildings 

where we live and work consume a great deal of natural resources. Sustainable development extends 

beyond the walls of a building to encompass site and community planning. With this concept, we aim 

to enhance and protect the biodiversity and ecosystems of the environment, conserve and restore 

natural resources, improve the quality of social life, and even enhance asset value and profits.  

 

Project Phoenix is strategically planned to leverage the tremendous advantages of Jiangsu and 

Zhejiang river systems and water resources; develop and revitalise water leisure, and fully preserve 

local cultural tourism resources. In an effort to ensure the flood control, drainage, and ecological 

functions of the water system are achieved, we maintain the integrity and connectivity of the water 

system. Likewise, we are committed to protecting the natural landscape of the rivers by creating 

gardens along its banks that enhance the surrounding environment. 

 

While daily construction takes place, we have taken steps to set limits on noise, dust, sewage and solid 

waste. As part of the future Project Phoenix, we will work to minimise the impact of the construction 

on the local communities and residents. In FY2022 and similarly in prior financial years, we hope to 

achieve zero non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations. 

 

NOISE 

MANAGEMENT 

DUST 

MANAGEMENT 

SEWAGE 

MANAGEMENT 

SOLID WASTE 

MANAGEMENT 

To monitor the noise 

impact on communities 

and residents, we have 

set reasonable 

construction timetables 

according to the noise 

limits at different stages 

of construction. 

 

We strictly prohibit 

workers from burning 

any substance which 

may be harmful or may 

generate poisonous gas 

to the environment. In 

addition, every truck 

leaving construction 

sites is required to be 

sprinkled to lay the dust. 

In an effort to ensure 

up-to-standard water 

discharge, no 

accumulated water on 

site and no blockage 

during drainage, we 

regulate that installation 

of drainage and sewage 

treatment facilities must 

be done before 

commencement of 

construction. 

The site supervisor is 

responsible for 

compliance with 

government 

requirements during the 

disposal of construction 

and domestic wastes. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


MATERIAL TOPICS



 

17 

 

Energy Management 

As part of our commitment to sustainability, we continue to identify and implement energy 

conservation measures to reduce our electricity consumption.  

 

The demand for cooling and heating in our hotel operation is inevitable and important in order to 

ensure the comfort of our guests. Landison Hotel has implemented a Ground Source Heat Pump, a 

central heating and/or cooling system that transfers heat to or from the ground. It uses earth at all 

time as a heat source (in the winter) or a heat sink (in the summer). By utilising the moderate 

temperature of the ground, this design maximises efficiency and reduces energy consumption. As a 

result of the adoption of this energy-efficient technology, we have been able to reduce our operational 

costs on utility and maintenance bills as well as reduce our carbon footprint. 

 

 

 

We are in an energy-intensive industry, and electricity consumption accounts for a significant portion 

of our operating expenses. By investing in energy efficiency, we protect the environment and reduce 

our costs at the same time.   

 

Apart from using Ground Source Heat Pumps in our hotel, our building's exterior walls are constructed 

from aerated concrete block and thermal insulation mortar, which protect it from thermal cycling and 

significantly reduce the building's electricity consumption. Aluminum alloy doors and windows of the 

hotel which are built with 5 + 8 + 5 hollow glass with aluminum alloy thermal insulation profiles allows 

for thermal cycling too.  

 

As an added energy-saving measure, Landison Hotel uses energy-efficient LED lights. Throughout the 

hotel, staff is trained to check for under-utilised energy-saving lighting and to switch it off. Moreover, 

in areas with very low occupancy or are unoccupied, air-conditioning would also be switched off.   

 

 

 

 




MATERIAL TOPICS



 

18 

 

 

In FY2021, the total electricity consumption decreased by 19% from the previous year due to our 

efforts to be more eco-friendly and energy efficient. The reduction of 19% exceeded our FY2020 target 

of 15% reduction. Moving forward, the Group targets to reduce the electricity consumption by 10% in 

the next financial year. 

 

 



















































































































































































































888,861.92

716,205.24

0.00

100,000.00

200,000.00

300,000.00

400,000.00

500,000.00

600,000.00

700,000.00

800,000.00

900,000.00

1,000,000.00

FY2020

FY2021

Electricity Consumption (kWh)

Financial Year

Electricity Consumption in FY2021 and FY2020 

(KwH)


MATERIAL TOPICS



 

19 

 

Water Management 

Globally, water security is a top concern. Water availability is greatly impacted by irregular rainfall 

patterns and rising sea levels.   

 

In addition to electricity, water accounts for an important portion of the hotel's utility bills. Because 

water is a scarce resource in many regions around the world, our hotel must consume water as 

efficiently as possible. It is extremely important that our Group manages the quality and amount of 

water consumed on project sites and takes various measures to reduce water consumption. 

Contractors at construction sites are responsible for monitoring wastewater discharged into 

watercourses and sewer systems.  

 

 

In FY2021, the total water consumption was cut down by ¼ as compared to previous year due to our 

water conservation efforts.  Monitoring water consumption has enabled us to reduce water usage by 

reusing rainfall water for irrigation. As yet, APS does not have a specific water conservation plan but 

we are eager to explore and implement water conservation measures such as installing the Greywater 

System and reusing the condensate water from air conditioners in residences and commercial centers. 

To reduce wastage and leakage in the water system, we will continue to monitor our water 

consumption to evaluate the reasonableness of usage, i.e., to identify leakage issues for immediate 

remedial action. 

 

 

 

 



18,945

14,377

Water Consumption in FY2021 and FY2020

(Tonnes)



FY2020



FY2021


MATERIAL TOPICS



 

20 

 

HUMAN CAPITAL 

 

In order to compete in a global marketplace, APS believes it is essential to build a diverse workforce. 

We believe our employees play a significant role in contributing to the presence and brand of our 

Company, as well as our authentic connections with our external stakeholders, such as customers and 

suppliers. In order to keep our people motivated at work we need to ensure that they have access to 

adequate training programs, competitive compensation packages and good working conditions.   

 

 

WORKFORCE BY GENDER IN FY2021 

 

 

 

36 

 

57 

 

As an organisation, we do not discriminate against employees based on gender. Our Company is 

committed to achieving gender equality at work. We will continue to strive to provide equal 

opportunities for all, regardless of gender. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

0

70

New Staff by Region in 

FY2021

Singapore

China

29

24

17

New Staff by Age Group 

in FY2021

&lt; 30 years old

30 - 50 years old

Over 50 years old

38

32

New Staff by Gender in 

FY2021

Male

Female






MATERIAL TOPICS



 

21 

 

 

By offering equal career opportunities for our employees, we believe that we will enhance our 

competitiveness, benefitting the organisation in the process. We conducted 192 hours of in-house 

training to improve and enhance our hotel staff’s skills in FY2021. 

 

In terms of recruitment, remuneration, promotion and benefits, we assess objectively regardless of 

gender, race, marital status or age. Respect and fair treatment should be extended to all candidates 

and employees. 

 

 



0

10

20

30

40

50

60

Management

Staff in Headquarter

Operation Staff

14

1

28

2

1

48

12

1

23

2

1

54

Employees by Function

(Management, Headquarters, Operations)

FY2020 - Male

FY2020 - Female

FY2021 - Male

FY2021 - Female


MATERIAL TOPICS



 

22 

 

 

 

 

 

In FY2021, we recorded a turnover rate of 97.67% and 56.86% for male and female employees 

respectively. We value our employees and seek to retain talent through offering work-life integration 

working environment and a range of medical benefits. Other than medical benefits, the employees 

are also entitled to parental leave. In FY2021, 2 female staff and 3 male staff are eligible to take 

maternity and paternity leave respectively. The 2 female staff utilised the leave and returned to work 

after maternity leave.   

 

The morale of our employees is also crucial to our success. However, as a result of the pandemic, some 

employees received lower salaries whenever the government tightened the safe management 

measures, since they had to use annual leaves or received only basic wages. Additionally, some of the 

newly hired employees were terminated before the probation period due to not meeting expectations. 

The detrimental effects of this have resulted in a high staff turnover rate within our Group.  

 

In spite of this, we recognise the importance of employee retention and have come up with initiatives 

to boost employee morale and retain staff. We are committed to closely monitoring our staff turnover 

rate in the future and reviewing our human resource initiatives more often to boost employee morale 

and motivation. Management has reviewed the employee remuneration package and has revised the 

employment contract. During the review, the management noticed that the existing working hours 

are too short. Accordingly, employee salaries as well as working hours were increased so that the 

employees could increase their take home income. A rationalisation of job scope has also been 

conducted so that all employees can perform their jobs more efficiently.  The remuneration package 

has also been revised to include overtime pay, attendance bonuses, and other benefits. 

 

 

 

0

71

Number of Resignees by 

Region in FY2021

Singapore

China

28

29

14

Number of Resignees by 

Age Group in FY2021

&lt; 30 years old

30 -50 years old

&gt; 50 years old

42

29

Number of Resignees by 

Gender in FY2021

Male

Female


MATERIAL TOPICS



 

23 

 

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATION 

 

APS embraces sound corporate governance policies to build trust with key stakeholders and ensure 

long-term sustainability. Similarly, we believe a robust corporate governance can facilitate 

interactions with our stakeholders and enable us to provide exceptional services to our customers. 

Our governance practices are designed to promote APS' better performance across all business 

segments, as well as strict compliance with laws and regulations. 

 

Integrity and trust are expected from our employees in all business dealings and relationships. In all 

of the Group's strategies and operations, we place great emphasis on accountability, transparency, 

ethical business conduct and good corporate governance.   

 

We have zero tolerance for any form of bribery or corruption. While we have not yet adopted an anti-

corruption policy, we require that our people comply with relevant anti-corruption regulations in the 

markets in which they operate. 

 

APS does not have a whistle-blowing policy. Our employees have, however, been informed of 

numerous channels for reporting possible improprieties, including our chairman of the audit 

committee, which they can use to report fraud, corruption, dishonest practices or other issues. If an 

employee is found to be dishonest or guilty of fraud, authorised personnel will take appropriate action.  

 

In FY2021, there were no cases filed against APS or our people alleging corruption, non-compliance 

with socioeconomic and environmental laws and regulations. On a continuing basis, we are closely 

monitoring our compliance with the socioeconomic and environmental regulations. 

 


 GRI CONTENT INDEX



 

24 

 

GRI Standard  

Disclosure 

Notes/ Page Reference 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Sustainability Report - page 1 

102-2 

Activities, 

brands, 

products 

and 

services 

Sustainability Report - page 6 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Sustainability Report - page 6 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Sustainability Report - page 6 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report 

102-6 

Markets served 

Sustainability Report - page 6 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Sustainability Report - pages 8 

102-8 

Information on employees and other 

workers 

Sustainability Report - page 20-22 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Sustainability Report - page 9 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation 

and its supply chain 

No significant changes 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Not applicable 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Sustainability Report – page 7 

102-13 

Membership of association 

No main memberships of industry or 

other associations, and national or 

international advocacy organisations 

maintained at organisational level 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

Sustainability Report - page 3 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and 

norms of behavior 

Sustainability Report - page 6 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Sustainability Report - page 10 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Sustainability Report - page 12 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Sustainability Report - page 12 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Sustainability Report - page 12 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Sustainability Report - page 13 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

Annual 

Report 

– 

Investment 

in 

Subsidiary Corporation 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries 

Sustainability Report - page 4-5 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Sustainability Report - page 13 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

Not applicable 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Sustainability Report - page 4 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

Not applicable 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding 

the report 

Sustainability Report - page 4 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with 

the GRI Standards 

Sustainability Report - page 4 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Sustainability Report - page 24-25 

102-56 

External assurance 

We have not sought external assurance 

for our sustainability report FY2021 and 

may consider it in the future. 

 

 

 


 GRI CONTENT INDEX



 

25 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Notes/ Page Reference 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary 

Sustainability Report - page 14-15 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Sustainability Report - page 10-12 

103-3 

Evaluation 

of 

the 

management 

approach 

Sustainability Report - page 10-12 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

Annual Report - Consolidated Statement 

of Comprehensive Income  

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and 

actions taken 

Sustainability Report - page 23 

GRI 300: Environment 

302-1 

Electricity consumption within the 

organisation 

Sustainability Report - page 18 

303-1 

Water withdrawal by source 

Sustainability Report - page 19 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations 

Sustainability Report - page 16 

GRI 400: Social 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee 

turnover 

Sustainability Report - page 20-22 

401-3 

Parental leave 

Sustainability Report - page 22 

419-1 

Non-compliance 

with 

laws 

and 

regulations in the social and economic 

area 

Sustainability Report - page 23 

 

