
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 










ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED      2 

 

CORPORATE PROFILE 

 

 

Asia Enterprises is a major distributor of a 

comprehensive range of steel products to 

industrial end-users in Singapore and the Asia-

Pacific region. 

 

With operating history dating back to 1973, 

Asia Enterprises boasts a wide range of 

products that is complemented by its value-

added services to offer ‘one-stop’ solutions 

and just-in-time delivery to its customers. 

Today, the Group has a ready inventory 

consisting of more than 1,200 steel products 

that it supplies to over 700 active customers 

involved primarily in marine and offshore, oil 

and gas, construction, engineering and 

fabrication, 

as 

well 

as 

manufacturing 

industries. Particularly, the Group has forged a 

strong reputation as a reliable distributor of 

steel products to the marine and offshore 

industries. 

 

Asia Enterprises presently operates three 

facilities in Singapore – two warehouses and a 

steel processing plant-cum-warehouse with a 

total combined land area of 45,934 square 

metres, including a newly completed double-

storey warehouse with a three-storey ancillary 

office. To complement its steel distribution 

business, the Group also provides precision 

steel processing services through a joint-

venture with Marubeni-Itochu Steel Inc. 

 

The Group was listed on the Main Board of the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(“SGX-ST”) on 1 September 2005. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED      3 

 

OUR BUSINESS 

 

 

As a steel distributor, Asia Enterprises’ key role 

is to bridge the gap and facilitate imbalances of 

demand and supply of steel products between 

steel mills and industrial end-users.   

 

The majority of industrial end-users typically 

purchase a large variety of steel products in 

relatively 

small 

quantities 

and 

require 

intermittent deliveries that are made promptly 

or on a just-in-time basis.  Steel producers, on 

the other hand, manufacture a limited variety 

of products, require minimum order sizes of 

substantial 

quantities 

and 

have 

long 

production and shipment lead times.   

 

As a crucial link between steel producers and 

steel users, we source and procure steel 

products 

in 

large 

quantities 

and 

comprehensive varieties.  Through efficient 

and effective deployment of financial, human 

and logistics resources, we have the capability 

to provide readily available inventory in 

flexible order sizes, with customization and 

value-added services where required, to 

industrial end users.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Production / 

Procurement



Shipment from 

Steel Mills / 

Traders



KEY 

INTERMEDIARY 

&amp; VALUE-ADD 

ROLE



Delivery to 

Customers



Settlement



 



Supply 



Demand 









Industry Value Chain 















Steel Mills / Traders 





Industrial End-Users 



Facilitates Imbalances between Demand and Supply 

Bridge time lag between steel mill’s production lead time and customers’ prompt delivery schedules 

Readily available inventory for Just-In-Time delivery 

Bulk break and flexible order sizes 

Steel processing facilities and value-add services to customise product as required 


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED      4 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

 

This first Sustainability Report covers the period from 1 January to 31 December 2017.    

 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

Asia Enterprises Group recognizes the importance of and seeks continuous improvement to the 

sustainability of our business.  The Board regularly conducts reviews of the business environment that 

we operate in and considers sustainability issues as an integral part of its formulation of the Group’s 

strategy.   

 

On a day-to-day basis, the Management monitors and oversees the sustainability execution and 

efforts of the Group, and makes regular reports directly to the Board.   

 

Over and above the financial reports which track the financial health of the Group, the Sustainability 

Report is intended to provide supplementary information on the Group, with a focus on material 

economic, environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) factors that impact the business now and 

in the future.  Taken together, the combined financial and sustainability reports provide a holistic 

assessment of the business environment and the quality of management of Asia Enterprises. 

 

 

SCOPE OF REPORT 

 

This report is prepared in accordance with SGX-ST Listing Rules 711a and 711b – Sustainability 

Reporting Guide.  The structure is oriented towards the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards 

2016: Core Option issued by the Global Sustainability Standards Board.   

 

In line with our approach of integrating sustainability into our operations, we aim to periodically 

gather feedback and suggestions from our stakeholders and perform a structured process of 

materiality assessment to identify, rate, prioritise and validate sustainability risks and opportunities.  

 

Data provided for FY2017 will form a baseline upon which our subsequent reporting will make 

comparison.  We will continue to refine the quality of our data collection to enhance subsequent 

reporting and transparency going forward. 

 

More information on our risk management can be found in the Risk Management section (pages 23-

24) of our Annual Report 2017 (“AR 2017”). 

 

The disclosures taken into account can be found in the GRI Content Index starting from pages 16 to 

19 of this report.  

 

 

 


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED      5 

 

The table below summarises our approach to stakeholder engagement: 

 

Key Stakeholder 

How We Engage Them 

Key Topics and Concerns Raised 

Customers 

Regular visits, meetings, phone 

calls and e-mails 

 

Economic 

1. Financial performance  

2. Product quality 

3. Inventory holding and credit 

management 

4. Fluctuations in steel prices 

5. Fluctuations in foreign exchange 

rates 

6. Cyclical movements in industries 

that our customers operate 

 

Environment 

7. Electricity and water 

conservation, waste 

management 

8. Climate change 

 

Social 

9. Health and safety 

10. Wage and hiring 

11. Training and development 

12. Work-life balance 

 

Governance 

13. Regulatory compliance and 

corporate governance 

14. Succession planning 

15. Threat of cyber-attacks 

16. Business conduct and ethics 

 

Suppliers 

Regular meetings, phone calls 

and e-mails 

 

 

Employees and 

Directors 

Department meetings, company 

events, phone calls, e-mails and  

performance appraisals 

Board, Audit Committee, 

Remuneration Committee and 

Nominating Committee 

meetings 

 

Shareholders and 

Financial 

Community 

Annual general meetings, 

results briefing sessions, 

roadshows, investment 

seminars, open house 

 

 

 

 

Materiality Assessment 

 

Our materiality definition is guided by GRI Standards 2016.  Material sustainability factors are defined 

as those that: 

 

1. 

reflect significant economic, environmental, social and governance impact on Asia Enterprises; 

and/or 

 

2. 

substantively influence the assessments and decisions of stakeholders 

 

 

The material sustainability factors are ranked accordingly in the Material Factors Matrix as follows:-  

 

 

 


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED      6 

 

Material Factors Matrix  

 

 

Influence on Stakeholder assessment and decisions 

 

High 

 

 

 

Medium 

 

 

 

Low 

 

 

 

 

Low 

Medium 

High 

 

Significance of Material EESG Factors Impact on Asia Enterprises 

 

 

For our first report, we have identified, rated, prioritised and validated the following material 

sustainability factors:- 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Social 

Factors 

Governance 

Factors 

Environmental 

Factors 

Economic 

Factors 


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED      7 

 

OUR CUSTOMERS 

 

Over the past 45 years, we have established a diverse pool of more than 700 active customers in the 

Asia-Pacific region, with Singapore, Indonesia and Malaysia being the primary destinations of our 

products.  Operating out of Singapore, we are able to capitalize on the island state’s status as a major 

transshipment hub which allows us unrivalled connectivity to every major port in the world.   

 

We distribute our products to industrial end-users engaged in businesses such as marine and offshore, 

oil and gas, construction, engineering/fabrication as well as manufacturing industries.  While we are 

not reliant on any single customer, we do have a higher concentration of revenue generated by 

customers from the marine and offshore segment.   

 

Through regular and close collaboration with our customers, we have built a good understanding of 

their business requirements. As a result, our Group is able to formulate optimal solutions that help 

our customers to achieve their goals. 

 

We commit to supplying our customers with high quality products on time, every time.  The 

partnerships we forge with our customers is built on trust, respect and mutual benefit. 

 

 

 

 

 




ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED      8 

 

OUR SUPPLIERS 

 

We source our products from major steel mills worldwide, directly or through international steel 

traders.  We purchase carbon steel plates, profiles, beams, pipes and coils globally.  Over the past 45 

years, we have established close working relationships with these suppliers.  Our strong rapport with 

them provides us with timely access to critical industry trends and information, competitive prices for 

quality products and timely delivery of products. We also share feedback from customers with our 

suppliers to help them improve subsequent product offerings. 

 

We expect our business partners to conform to acceptable social and environmental standards.  Our 

Code of Conduct forms the basis for our contracts with our suppliers and we regularly assess their 

contractual performance.   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED      9 

 

OUR PEOPLE 

 

We operate out of Singapore.  Our colleagues form the core of our organization and are fundamental 

to our business success.  Our Board comprises professionals with legal, financial and business 

experience.  The sustainability of our business is attributable to the efforts of our experienced and 

committed Board, management team and colleagues.  Our years of operation have enabled us to build 

a wealth of experience and extensive product knowledge, as well as a good understanding of the 

industries in which our customers operate.  

 

We aim to provide a working environment that is safe, fair, compassionate, supportive and stimulating 

for our colleagues.  Our goal is for everyone in our Group to realise their full potential and contribute 

positively to the society and our organization. 

 

 

Health and Safety 

 

To elevate the importance of workplace safety and to sustain a high level of safety awareness, we 

implemented OHSAS 18001:2007 occupational health and safety management system in 2012 with 

accreditation by Lloyds.  With clear guidance on safety measures, we aim to maintain a clean record 

for workplace accidents.   

 

 

 

 

 

Fair Employment 

 

We do not condone any personal discrimination based on nationality, age, gender or religion and 

support the growth of a fair and inclusive workplace.  We continue to engage employees who reach 

statutory retirement age in our workforce for as long as they can contribute to the Group.   

 

We aim to provide comprehensive compensation for all our colleagues and follow fair employment 

practices.  As part of our hiring and retention strategy, we identify, recognize, remunerate and reward 

quality employees based on their merits and performances.  Over and above statutory provisions, we 

also reward our colleagues for their commitment and service with special bonuses when they reach 

their tenth, twentieth, thirtieth and fortieth anniversaries of service with the Group.    

















Annual Leave

7%

Medical Leave

1%

Hospitalisation 

Leave

1%

Productive Days

91%

Productive Man Days


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED      10 

 

Training and Development 

 

We believe in continuous improvement of skills and capabilities so as to maintain high levels of 

productivity and quality of our services.  We encourage on-the-job training and the attendance of 

externally conducted courses and seminars.  Going forward, we hope to implement a more structured 

training and development programme for the different functional roles of our employees. 

 

 

 

FY 2017 

Average Training Hours per Employee 

3.04 

 

 

Diversity and Equality 

 

While we operate in a male dominant industry, we have secured significant female representation in 

our workforce, management team and Board.  We embrace gender diversity and equal opportunities 

in our non-discriminatory organization, where remuneration is ascertained based on the individual’s 

work performance and not on gender.   

 

 

 

 

As a testament to our efforts, we have high staff retention with 52% of our colleagues having worked 

in the Group for more than 10 years.  

 































0 - 3

24%

4 - 10

24%

11 - 20

22%

21 - 30

12%

31 - 40

14%

&gt; 41

4%

Length of Service

(years)


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED      11 

 

The Board, which comprises members with diverse skill sets, meets regularly to receive updates on 

significant governance, economic and financial issues. The Board also actively discusses and 

deliberates strategies for the Group.  Please refer to AR 2017 – Board of Directors and Executive 

Officers (pages 5-6). 

 

 

OUR SHAREHOLDERS 

 

We are a publicly traded company and have over 1,000 shareholders.  We communicate regularly with 

our shareholders and the wider investing community via public announcements on SGXNet and our 

corporate website, general meetings, investment seminars and briefings and company visits.  Financial 

announcements and presentations are uploaded to our website in a timely manner.  We actively 

encourage open communication with the investing community. 

 

 

Corporate Governance 

 

The Management is vigilant in ensuring that the Group strictly complies with all relevant legal and 

regulatory requirements, as well as the Group’s operating policies and procedures.  There have been 

no reports or notifications in relation to any material non-compliance of the Group since its listing in 

2005. 

 

The Board is committed to upholding high standards of corporate governance, accountability and 

transparency, as guided by the Code of Corporate Governance, to protect and enhance the interests 

of shareholders.  Please refer to our AR 2017 - Corporate Governance Report (pages 9-22). 

 

In the Singapore Governance &amp; Transparency Index (“SGTI”) 2018, the Group’s ranking improved to 

100 from 309 in the SGTI 2017, with a higher score of 71 points compared to 50 points previously.  

 

The SGTI is prepared by the Centre for Governance, Institutions and Organisations (“CGIO”) 

established by the National University of Singapore, Business School since 2010.  SGTI 2018 assessed 

589 companies based on their annual reports for Financial Year 2017 released by 31st May 2018. 

 

 

FY 2017 FY 2018 

Overall SGTI score 

50 

71 

Overall SGTI ranking 

309 

100 

 

 

Financial Performance 

 

The Group’s economic performance is pivotal to our ability to continue as a going concern and is of 

the utmost importance.  We are committed to ensuring that our shareholders are rewarded financially 

for their investment in the Group.  The Group has been consistently distributing dividends to 

shareholders.  In the last 12 years, the Group has consistently paid an annual dividend representing at 

least 40% of its yearly earnings. 

 


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED      12 

 

 

 

 

OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 

 

The sustainability of our economic performance hinges upon our ability to provide products and 

services that continue to be relevant to the market.  

 

Steel is a basic commodity with a wide spectrum of applications due to its durability, strength, 

versatility and relatively low cost.  It is used in the construction of homes, buildings, road, bridges, in 

transportation in the form of ships, vehicles, trains, containers, in home appliances and 

telecommunication equipment etc.  Once produced, steel is infinitely recyclable without any loss of 

its inherent properties.  It is the most recycled and recyclable material on earth. 

 

Steel is produced to different grades and qualities.  Due to the discerning requirements of our 

customers, we practice responsible sourcing from a network of established and reliable steel mills. 

These suppliers not only produce material that conforms to international standards but also do so in 

an economically competitive, socially and environmentally responsible manner.   

 

 

Product Quality 

 

Depending on our customers’ requirements, the products that we supply conform to the requirements 

set forth by international accredited standards such as European Standards (EN), American Society for 

Testing and Materials (ASTM), Japanese Industrial Standards (JIS) and American Bureau of Shipping 

(ABS).   

 

 

Quality Assurance 

 

We enforce strict quality controls by inspecting and checking all steel materials upon receipt and 

before delivery to customers.  As an additional quality assurance to our customers, our inventory 

management and steel service operations system is certified to ISO 9001:2015 quality management 

system.  All products are traceable to their respective sources and are accompanied with test 

certificates issued by the producers.  Where possible, we procure from steel mills that have qualified 

factory production control systems attested by an independent third party certification agency.  

 

 

 




ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED      13 

 

Value-added Services 

 

As a supplementary service to our customers, we also operate a steel service centre that customizes 

hot rolled, cold rolled, electro galvanized and hot-dipped galvanized steel coils into specific dimensions 

for our customers’ production needs.  Where required, we engage third party contractors to provide 

further value-added services as required by our customers.   

 

 

Inventory Holding 

 

The Group’s storage facilities comprise of three covered warehouses which have a combined land area 

of 45,934 square metres.  Our steel products are stored in these covered warehouses to protect them 

against weathering elements which maintains their quality and lifespan.  We also operate a fleet of 

prime movers, trailers and trucks which takes care of our day-to-day delivery needs.  We use SAP 

Business One as an enterprise resource planning tool.  

 

Our capital investment in warehousing, logistics and processing facilities enable us to maintain a wide 

variety of steel products for prompt delivery to our customers.  It frees our customers from the need 

to invest in space, equipment and the financial burden of holding inventory.   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 














ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED      14 

 

OUR SOCIETY 

 

We recognize the importance of attaining high standards of responsibility to the society at large and 

to manage the impact of our business to the environment and community.  We aim to continuously 

contribute to society, to support and assist the less fortunate, to improve their quality of life and to 

promote a better future.   

 

 

Regulatory Governance 

 

We are conscious of the need to continuously evolve ourselves, to keep up with the government’s 

initiatives.  In line with the government’s directive to sustain business operations in land-scarce 

Singapore, we completed the re-development of our largest warehouse, invested heavily in 

equipment and re-designed our operations flow.  The new facility has achieved land intensification by 

increasing the built-up area on its existing plot of land and, by re-designing our workflow, throughput 

has been increased tremendously.   

 

 

Business Conduct and Ethics 

 

At Asia Enterprises, the Board and Management regards ethics and integrity very seriously.  Any 

misconduct or non-compliance is dealt with severely.  We are governed by a Code of Conduct (“Code”) 

that covers:- 

 

 

Social responsibility  

 

Legal compliance 

 

Corruption 

 

Data protection 

 

Whistle blowing 

 

Dealing in securities 

 

Conflicts of interest 

 

The Code governs appropriate behavior by all members of the Group, including staff, directors and 

substantial shareholders.  We expect all members to adhere to the Code.   Members are periodically 

reminded of the consequences of non-compliance.  Through the Whistle-Blowing Policy, an avenue 

for reporting of inappropriate behavior or conduct is provided, with the assurance of protection from 

possible retaliation or victimisation. 

 

To prevent insider trading, members are regularly reminded not to deal in the shares of the Company, 

especially when they may be in possession of sensitive information, at all times.  Particularly, members 

are not allowed to trade in the 14 to 30 day periods prior to the release of our financial results. 

 

 

Corporate Social Responsibility 

 

At Asia Enterprises, we are mindful that an organization must strive to attain high standards of 

Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) as it pursues its economic goals and to develop a sustainable 

growth path for long term success. The Group observes CSR practices to manage the impact of our 

business on the environment and community.  

 


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED      15 

 

We believe in giving back to the society, to support and assist the less fortunate in our community.  

We have been making annual contributions to an average of 30 charitable and voluntary welfare 

organisations that support different social causes.  These institutions are selected based on the causes 

they support and their standing as an approved Institution of Public Character (“IPC”).  Our employees 

are also encouraged to give back through donations or to participate in community services.  

 

  

FY 2017 

Donations to IPC as a percentage of profit for the year 

1.2% 

 

 

Sustainable Environment  

 

The production of steel has a significant carbon footprint and while steel is our base product offering, 

we do not deal in manufacturing of the steel products, so its environmental impact is beyond our 

control and the boundaries of this report.  Once produced, however, steel is an environmentally 

friendly product due to its durability, ease of transportation, low material wastage and is infinitely 

recyclable.  In this respect, steel, as a product, is a permanent resource that results in both energy 

efficiency and conservation of the earth’s natural resources.  

 

We strive to store and transport all our steel products in a safe and responsible manner that does not 

pose any risks to our surrounding environment and community.  Our fleet of transport vehicles comply 

with acceptable Euro IV and V emission requirements and together with steel processing and lifting 

equipment, undergo regular maintenance to ensure optimal performance and to prolong their useful 

life spans.  Our drivers are required at all times to ensure that their loads are safely lashed and secured 

and to practice safe driving. 

 

Our newly re-developed warehouse adopts an “airy” design that allows for natural lighting and air-

flow throughout the storage area.  The equipment and electrical devices installed take into account 

the need for energy efficiency and durability.  Its multi-storey design also intensifies land usage, 

effectively increasing the gross floor area by 72.5%.   

 

In addition, the Group promotes conservation of resources through Reduce, Reuse and Recycle. We 

strongly encourage efficient usage of electricity, water and paper at the workplace and proper disposal 

of scrap metals to scrap collectors for recycling purposes. 

 

We aim to do our part towards the conservation of natural resources, against global warming and 

climate change. 

 

 

 


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED      16 

 

GRI Content Index 

 

GENERAL STANDARD DISCLOSURES 

 

 

GRI Ref 

Disclosure Title 

Page References / Information 

Organisational Profile 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Asia Enterprises Holding Limited 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and 

services 

Sustainability Report (“SR”) – Corporate 

Profile (page 2) 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

SR (page 20) 

102-4 

Countries of operation 

SR – Corporate Profile (page 7) 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Incorporated in Singapore with limited 

liability. 

102-6 

Markets served 

SR – Our Customers (page 7) 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

AR 2017 – Financial Highlights (page 4) 

SR – Our People (pages 9-11) 

102-8 

Information on employees and 

other workers 

SR – Our People (pages 9-11) 

 

102-9 

Supply Chain 

SR – Our Business (page 3) 

102-10 

Significant changes to 

organisation and its supply chain 

SR – Our Society:  Regulatory Governance  

(page 14) 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or 

approach 

AR 2017 – Risk Management (pages 23-24), 

Corporate Governance:  Risk Management 

and Internal Controls (page 17) 

SR – Our Society:  Business Conduct and Ethics 

(page 14) 

102-12 

External initiatives 

1.  ISO 9001:2015 

2.  OHSAS 18001:2007 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

1.  Singapore Metal &amp; Machinery Association 

2.  Singapore Business Federation 

3.  Singapore Chinese Chamber of Commerce 

&amp;    Industry 

 

 

 

 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision 

maker 

SR – Board Statement (page 4) 

 

 

 

 

 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and 

norms of behaviour 

SR – Our Society:  Business Conduct and Ethics 

(page 14) 

 

 

 

 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

AR 2017 – Corporate Governance:  Board 

Matters (pages 9-13), Accountability and 

Audit (pages 16-19) 

SR – Board Statement (page 4) 


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED      17 

 

GRI Ref 

Disclosure Title 

Page References / Information 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR – Scope of Report (pages 4-6) 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable.  Our employees are not 

unionised 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

SR – Scope of Report (pages 4-6) 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

SR – Scope of Report (pages 4-6) 

AR 2017 – Corporate Governance Report:  

Shareholder Rights and Communication with 

Shareholders (pages 20-21) 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR – Scope of Report (pages 4-6) 

 

 

 

 

 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial statements 

AR 2017 – Notes to the Financial Statements:  

Notes 15 Investments In Subsidiaries (pages 

53-54) 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries 

SR – Scope of Report:  Materiality Assessment 

(pages 5-6) 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR – Scope of Report:  Materiality Assessment 

(pages 5-6) 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

Not applicable.  This is our first SR 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable.  This is our first SR 

102-50 

Reporting period 

1 January 2017 – 31 December 2017 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

Not applicable.  This is our first SR 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Yearly 

102-53 

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report 

Investor Relations Consultant: 

Octant Consulting 

Tel: (65) 6296 3583  

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance 

with GRI Standards 

SR – Scope of Report (page 4) 

102-55 

GRI Content index 

SR – GRI Content Index (pages 16-19) 

102-56 

External assurance 

Not applicable. 

 

 

 

 

Management Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary 

 

SR – Our Customers, Our Suppliers, Our 

People, Our Shareholders, Our Products and 

Services and Our Society (pages 7-15) 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

 

SR – Our Customers, Our Suppliers, Our 

People, Our Shareholders, Our Products and 

Services and Our Society (pages 7-15) 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

 

SR – Our Customers, Our Suppliers, Our 

People, Our Shareholders, Our Products and 

Services and Our Society (pages 7-15) 

 

 

 


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED      18 

 

TOPIC-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES 

 

GRI Ref 

Disclosure Title 

Page References / Information 

Material Aspect:  Economic Performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

AR 2017 – Financial Highlights (page 4), 

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss and 

Other Comprehensive Income (page 31), 

Statements of Changes in Equity (page 33), 

Notes to the Financial Statements:  Notes 4, 5, 

9, 11, 12 (pages 45-49, 51) 

201-2 

Financial implications and other risks 

and opportunities due to climate 

change 

AR 2017 – Risk Management (pages 23-24) 

 

201-3 

Defined benefit plan obligations and 

other retirement plans 

AR 2017 – Notes to the Financial Statements:  

Note 9 Employees Benefits Expense (page 49) 

 

Central Provident Fund (CPF) contributions are 

duly made on behalf of Singaporean employees 

in accordance with the Singapore government’s 

mandated requirement for all employers. 

 

201-4 

Financial assistance received from 

government 

Wage Credit, Special Employment Credit 

 

 

 

 

Material Aspect:  Anti-Corruption  

 

 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption 

and actions taken 

SR – Our Society:  Business Conduct and Ethics 

(page 14) 

 

 

 

 

Material Aspect:  Materials 

 

 

301-1 

Materials used by weight or volume 

SR – Our Products and Services (pages 12-13) 

 

 

 

 

Material Aspect:  Socio-Economic Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and 

economic area 

SR – Our Society (pages 14-15) 

 

 

 

 

Material Aspect:  Employment 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee 

turnover 

SR – Our People (pages 9-11) 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full-time 

employees that are not provided to 

temporary or part-time employees 

SR – Our People (pages 9-11) 

AR 2017 – Notes to the Financial Statements: 

Note 9 Employees Benefits Expense (page 49) 

 

 

 

 

 

 


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED      19 

 

GRI Ref 

Disclosure Title 

Page References / Information 

Material Aspect:  Labour / Management Relations 

402-1 

Minimum notice periods regarding operational 

changes 

In the event of termination, a 

minimum notice period of one to 

three months needs to be 

fulfilled, depending on the 

employee’s job position.  

 

 

 

 

Material Aspect:  Training and Education 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programs 

SR – Our People:  Training and 

Development (page 10) 

404-3 

Percentage of employee receiving regular 

performance and career development reviews 

Yearly performance appraisal for 

all permanent full-time 

employees 

 

 

 

 

Material Aspect: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

SR – Our People:  Diversity and 

Equality (page 10) 

 

 

 

 

 

 


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED      20 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

COMPANY REG NO: 200501021H 

 

3 PIONEER SECTOR WALK │ SINGAPORE 627897 

TEL (65) 6223 6377 │ FAX (65) 6861 9486 

www.asiaenterprises.com.sg 





