
 

 

 

 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



2019 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 


 



 

CORPORATE PROFILE 

 

 

Asia 

Enterprises 

Holding 

Limited 

(“Asia 

Enterprises” or the “Company”, and together 

with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is a major 

distributor of a comprehensive range of steel 

products to industrial end-users in Singapore 

and the Asia-Pacific region. 

 

With operating history dating back to 1973, Asia 

Enterprises boasts a wide range of products 

that is complemented by its value-added 

services to offer ‘one-stop’ solutions and just-in-

time delivery to its customers. Today, the Group 

has a ready inventory consisting of more than 

1,200 steel products that it supplies to over 700 

active customers involved primarily in marine 

and offshore, oil and gas, construction, 

engineering/fabrication 

and 

manufacturing 

industries. The Group has forged a strong 

reputation as a reliable distributor of steel 

products to the marine and offshore industries. 

 

Asia Enterprises presently owns three facilities 

in Singapore – a multi-storey warehouse, a 

single-storey 

warehouse 

and 

a 

steel 

processing plant-cum-warehouse - with a total 

combined land area of 45,934 square metres. 

To complement its steel distribution business, 

the Group also provides precision steel 

processing services. 

 

The Group was listed on the Main Board of the 

Singapore 

Exchange 

Securities 

Trading 

Limited (“SGX-ST”) on 1 September 2005. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


3 

ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

OUR BUSINESS 

 

 

As a steel distributor, Asia Enterprises’ key role 

is to bridge the gap and facilitate imbalances of 

demand and supply of steel products between 

steel mills and industrial end-users.   

 

The majority of industrial end-users typically 

purchase a large variety of steel products in 

relatively 

small 

quantities 

and 

require 

intermittent deliveries that are made promptly or 

on a just-in-time basis.  Steel producers, on the 

other hand, manufacture a limited variety of 

products, require minimum order sizes of 

substantial quantities and have long production 

and shipment lead times.   

 

As a crucial link between steel producers and 

steel users, we source and procure steel 

products in large quantities and comprehensive 

varieties.  Through efficient and effective 

deployment of financial, human and logistics 

resources, we have the capability to provide 

readily available inventory in flexible order 

sizes, with customization and value-added 

services where required, to industrial end 

users.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Production / 

Procurement



Shipment from 

Steel Mills / 

Traders



KEY 

INTERMEDIARY 

&amp; VALUE-ADD 

ROLE



Delivery to 

Customers



Settlement



Industrial 

End-Users 



Supply 



Demand 









Industry Value Chain 















Steel Mills / Traders 





Industrial End-Users 



Facilitates Imbalances between Demand and Supply 

Bridge time lag between steel mill’s production lead time and customers’ prompt delivery schedules 

Readily available inventory for Just-In-Time delivery 

Bulk break and flexible order sizes 

Steel processing facilities and value-add services to customise product as required 


4 

ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

This Sustainability Report covers the period from 1 January to 31 December 2019.    

 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

 

Asia Enterprises Group recognizes the importance of and seeks continuous improvement to the 

sustainability of our business.  The Board regularly conducts reviews of the business environment that 

we operate in and considers sustainability issues as an integral part of its formulation of the Group’s 

strategy.   

 

On a day-to-day basis, the Management monitors and oversees the sustainability execution and efforts 

of the Group, and makes regular reports directly to the Board.   

 

Over and above the financial reports which track the financial health of the Group, the Sustainability 

Report is intended to provide supplementary information on the Group, with a focus on material 

economic, environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) factors that impact the business now and 

in the future.  Taken together, the combined financial and sustainability reports provide a holistic 

assessment of the business environment and the quality of management of Asia Enterprises. 

 

 

SCOPE OF REPORT 

 

 

This report is prepared in accordance with SGX-ST Listing Rules 711a and 711b – Sustainability 

Reporting Guide.  The structure is oriented towards the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards 

2016: Core Option issued by the Global Sustainability Standards Board.   

 

In line with our approach of integrating sustainability into our operations, we aim to periodically gather 

feedback and suggestions from our stakeholders and perform a structured process of materiality 

assessment to identify, rate, prioritise and validate sustainability risks and opportunities.  

 

Data provided for FY2018 in our Sustainability Report will form a baseline upon which our subsequent 

reporting will make comparison.  We will continue to refine the quality of our data collection to enhance 

subsequent reporting and transparency going forward. 

 

More information on our risk management can be found in the Risk Management section (pages 30 – 

31) of our Annual Report 2019 (“AR 2019”). 

 

The disclosures taken into account can be found in the GRI Content Index starting from pages 17 – 21 

of this report.  

 

 

 


5 

ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

The table below summarises our approach to stakeholder engagement: 

 

Key Stakeholder 

How We Engage Them 

Key Topics and Concerns Raised 

Customers 

Regular visits, meetings, phone 

calls and e-mails 

 

Economic 

1. Financial performance  

2. Product quality 

3. Inventory holding and credit 

management 

4. Fluctuations in steel prices 

5. Fluctuations in foreign exchange 

rates 

6. Cyclical movements in industries 

that our customers operate 

 

Environment 

7. Electricity and water conservation, 

waste management 

8. Climate change 

 

Social 

9. Health and safety 

10. Wage and hiring 

11. Training and development 

12. Work-life balance 

 

Governance 

13. Regulatory compliance and 

corporate governance 

14. Succession planning 

15. Threat of cyber-attacks 

16. Business conduct and ethics 

Suppliers 

Regular meetings, phone calls 

and e-mails 

 

 

Employees and 

Directors 

Department meetings, company 

events, phone calls, e-mails and  

performance appraisals 

Board, Audit Committee, 

Remuneration Committee and 

Nominating Committee meetings 

 

Shareholders and 

Financial 

Community 

Annual general meetings, results 

briefing sessions, roadshows, 

investment seminars, open 

house 

 

 

 

Materiality Assessment 

 

Our materiality definition is guided by GRI Standards 2016.  Material sustainability factors are defined 

as those that: 

 

1. 

reflect significant economic, environmental, social and governance impact on Asia Enterprises; 

and/or 

2. 

substantively influence the assessments and decisions of stakeholders 

 

The material sustainability factors are assessed by the management and ranked accordingly in the 

Material Factors Matrix as follows:-  

 

 

 


6 

ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

Material Factors Matrix  

 

 

Influence on Stakeholder assessment and 

decisions 

 

High 

 

 

 

Medium 

 

 

 

Low 

 

 

 

 

Low 

Medium 

High 

 

Significance of Material EESG Factors Impact on Asia Enterprises 

 

 

 

For this Report, we have identified, rated, prioritised and validated the following material sustainability 

factors:- 

 

 

 



Social 

Factors 

Governance 

Factors 

Environmental 

Factors 

Economic 

Factors 


7 

ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

OUR CUSTOMERS 

 

 

Throughout the Group’s operating history, we have established a diverse pool of more than 700 active 

customers in the Asia-Pacific region, with Singapore, Indonesia and Malaysia being the primary 

destinations of our products.  Operating out of Singapore, we are able to capitalize on the island state’s 

status as a major transshipment hub which allows us unrivalled connectivity to every major port in the 

world.   

 

We distribute our products to industrial end-users engaged in businesses such as marine and offshore, 

oil and gas, construction, engineering/fabrication as well as manufacturing industries.  While we are not 

reliant on any single customer, we do have a higher concentration of revenue generated by customers 

from the marine and offshore segment.   

 

Through regular and close collaboration with our customers, we have built a good understanding of 

their business requirements. As a result, our Group is able to formulate optimal solutions that help our 

customers to achieve their goals. 

 

We commit to supplying our customers with high quality products on time, every time.  The partnerships 

we forge with our customers is built on trust, respect and mutual benefit. 

 

 

 

 

 

 






8 

ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

OUR SUPPLIERS 

 

 

We source our products from major steel mills worldwide, directly or through international steel traders.  

We purchase carbon steel plates, profiles, beams, pipes and coils globally.  Over the past 47 years, we 

have established close working relationships with these suppliers.  Our strong rapport with them 

provides us with timely access to critical industry trends and information, competitive prices for quality 

products and timely delivery of products. We also share feedback from customers with our suppliers to 

help them improve subsequent product offerings. 

 

We expect our business partners to conform to acceptable social and environmental standards.  Our 

Code of Conduct forms the basis for our contracts with our suppliers and we regularly assess their 

contractual performance.   

 

 

 

 

OUR PEOPLE 

 

 

We operate out of Singapore.  Our colleagues form the core of our organization and are fundamental 

to our business success.  Our Board comprises professionals with legal, financial and business 

experience.  The sustainability of our business is attributable to the efforts of our experienced and 

committed Board, management team and colleagues.  Our years of operation have enabled us to build 

a wealth of experience and extensive product knowledge, as well as a good understanding of the 

industries in which our customers operate.  

 

We aim to provide a working environment that is safe, fair, compassionate, supportive and stimulating 

for our colleagues.  Our goal is for everyone in our Group to realise their full potential and contribute 

positively to the society and our organization. 

 






9 

ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

Health and Safety 

 

 

To elevate the importance of workplace safety and to sustain a high level of safety awareness, we 

implemented OHSAS 18001:2007 occupational health and safety management system in 2012 with 

accreditation by Lloyds.  With clear guidance on safety measures, we aim to maintain a clean record 

for workplace accidents.   

 

 

 

 

Fair Employment 

 

 

We do not condone any personal discrimination based on nationality, age, gender or religion and 

support the growth of a fair and inclusive workplace.  We continue to engage employees who reach 

statutory retirement age in our workforce for as long as they can contribute to the Group.   

 

We aim to provide comprehensive compensation for all our colleagues and follow fair employment 

practices.  As part of our hiring and retention strategy, we identify, recognize, remunerate and reward 

quality employees based on their merits and performances.  Over and above statutory provisions, we 

also reward our colleagues for their commitment and service with special bonuses when they reach 

their tenth, twentieth, thirtieth and fortieth anniversaries of service with the Group.    

 

 

Training and Development 

 

 

We believe in continuous improvement of skills and capabilities so as to maintain high levels of 

productivity and quality of our services.  We encourage on-the-job training and the attendance of 

externally conducted courses and seminars. Going forward, we hope to implement a more structured 

training and development programme for the different functional roles of our employees. 

 

 

 

FY 2019 

FY 2018 

Average Training Hours per Employee 

2.34 

7.27 

 

















Annual Leave

6%

Medical Leave

2%

Hospitalisation 

Leave 0%

Productive Days

92%

2018

















Annual Leave

7%

Medical 

Leave 2%

Hospitalisation 

Leave 1%

Productive Days

90%

2019

Productive Man Days 


10 

ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

Diversity and Equality 

 

 

While we operate in a male dominant industry, we have secured significant female representation in 

our workforce, management team and Board.  We embrace gender diversity and equal opportunities in 

our non-discriminatory organization, where remuneration is ascertained based on the individual’s work 

performance and not on gender.   

 

 

2019 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2018 

 

 

As a testament to our efforts, we have high staff retention with 59% (FY2018: 57%) of our colleagues 

having worked in the Group for more than 10 years.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





















22 - 31

10%

32 - 41

26%

42 - 51

24%

52 - 61

21%

&gt; 62

19%

Age





















Chinese

7%

Indian

2%

Malaysian

10%

Singaporean

71%

Singapore 

PR

10%

Nationality









Female

38%

Male

62%

Gender Distribution









Female

34%

Male

66%

Gender Distribution





















22 - 31

14%

32 - 41

18%

42 - 51

25%

52 - 61

25%

&gt; 62

18%

Age





















Chinese

9%

Indian

2%

Malaysian

9%

Singaporean

73%

Singapore PR

7%

Nationality


11 

ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

 

 

 

 

The Board, which comprises members with diverse skill sets, meets regularly to receive updates on 

significant governance, economic and financial issues. The Board also actively discusses and 

deliberates strategies for the Group.  The Company has announced on 8 April 2020 that its Board will 

conduct a renewal exercise and believes the refreshed mix of longer-serving and new directors on the 

Board will provide continuity and stability while allowing the transfer of new knowledge and 

strengthening of board independence. Please refer to AR 2019 – Board of Directors and Executive 

Officers (pages 6 – 7). 

 

 

OUR SHAREHOLDERS 

 

 

We are a publicly traded company and have over 1,000 shareholders.  We communicate regularly with 

our shareholders and the wider investing community via public announcements on SGXNet and our 

corporate website, general meetings, investment seminars and briefings and company visits.  Financial 

announcements and presentations are uploaded to our website in a timely manner.  We actively 

encourage open communication with the investing community. 

 

 

Corporate Governance 

 

 

The Management is vigilant in ensuring that the Group strictly complies with all relevant legal and 

regulatory requirements, as well as the Group’s operating policies and procedures.  There have been 

no reports or notifications in relation to any material non-compliance of the Group since its listing in 

2005. 

 

The Board is committed to upholding high standards of corporate governance, accountability and 

transparency, as guided by the Code of Corporate Governance, to protect and enhance the interests 

of shareholders.  Please refer to our AR 2019 – Corporate Governance Report (pages 10 – 29). 

 

In the Singapore Governance &amp; Transparency Index (“SGTI”) 2018, the Group’s ranking improved to 

67 from 100 in SGTI 2019, with a higher score of 80 points compared to 71 points previously.   

 

The SGTI is prepared by the Centre for Governance, Institutions and Organisations (“CGIO”) 

established by the National University of Singapore, Business School since 2010.  SGTI 2019 assessed 

578 companies based on their annual reports for Financial Year 2018 released by 31 May 2019. 

 

























0 - 3

22%

4 - 10

19%

11 - 20

21%

21 - 30

19%

31 - 40

14%

&gt; 41

5%

2019

























0 - 3

20%

4 - 10

23%

11 - 20

18%

21 - 30

18%

31 - 40

16%

&gt; 41

5%

2018

Length of Service 


12 

ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

 

SGTI 2019 

SGTI 2018 

Overall SGTI score 

80 

71 

Overall SGTI ranking 

67 

100 

 

 

Financial Performance 

 

 

The Group’s economic performance is pivotal to our ability to continue as a going concern and is of the 

utmost importance.  We are committed to ensuring that our shareholders are rewarded financially for 

their investment in the Group.  The Group has been consistently distributing dividends to shareholders.  

In the last 14 years, the Group has consistently paid an annual dividend representing at least 40% of 

its yearly earnings. 

 

 

 

 

 

OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 

 

 

The sustainability of our economic performance hinges upon our ability to provide products and services 

that continue to be relevant to the market.  

 

Steel is a basic commodity with a wide spectrum of applications due to its durability, strength, versatility 

and relatively low cost.  It is used in the construction of homes, buildings, road, bridges, in transportation 

in the form of ships, vehicles, trains, containers, in home appliances and telecommunication equipment 

etc.  Once produced, steel is infinitely recyclable without any loss of its inherent properties.  It is the 

most recycled and recyclable material on Earth. 

 

Steel is produced to different grades and qualities.  Due to the discerning requirements of our 

customers, we practice responsible sourcing from a network of established and reliable steel mills. 

These suppliers not only produce material that conforms to international standards but also do so in an 

economically competitive, socially and environmentally responsible manner.   

 

 




13 

ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

Product Quality 

 

 

Depending on our customers’ requirements, the products that we supply conform to the requirements 

set forth by international accredited standards such as European Standards (EN), American Society for 

Testing and Materials (ASTM), Japanese Industrial Standards (JIS) and American Bureau of Shipping 

(ABS).   

 

 

Quality Assurance 

 

 

We enforce strict quality controls by inspecting and checking all steel materials upon receipt and before 

delivery to customers.  As an additional quality assurance to our customers, our inventory management 

and steel service operations system is certified to ISO 9001:2015 quality management system.  All 

products are traceable to their respective sources and are accompanied with test certificates issued by 

the producers.  Where possible, we procure from steel mills that have qualified factory production 

control systems attested by an independent third party certification agency.  

 

 

Value-added Services 

 

 

As a supplementary service to our customers, we also operate a steel service centre that customizes 

hot rolled, cold rolled, electro galvanized and hot-dipped galvanized steel coils into specific dimensions 

for our customers’ production needs.  Where required, we engage third party contractors to provide 

further value added services as required by our customers.   

 

 

Inventory Holding 

 

 

The Group’s storage facilities comprise of three covered warehouses which have a combined land area 

of 45,934 square metres. To maintain the quality and lifespan of our steel products, they are stored in 

these covered warehouses to protect them against weathering elements.  We also operate a fleet of 

prime movers, trailers and trucks which takes care of our day-to-day delivery needs.  We use SAP 

Business One as an enterprise resource planning tool.  

 

Our capital investment in warehousing, logistics and processing facilities enable us to maintain a wide 

variety of steel products for prompt delivery to our customers.  It frees our customers from the need to 

invest in space, equipment and the financial burden of holding inventory.   

 

 

 

 

 






14 

ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

OUR SOCIETY 

 

 

We recognize the importance of attaining high standards of responsibility to the society at large and to 

manage the impact of our business on the environment and community.  We aim to continuously 

contribute to society, to support and assist the less fortunate, to improve their quality of life and to 

promote a better future.   

 

 

Regulatory Governance 

 

 

We are cognisant of the need to continuously evolve ourselves, to keep up with the government’s 

initiatives.  In line with the government’s directive to sustain business operations in land-scarce 

Singapore, we completed the re-development of our largest warehouse, invested heavily in equipment 

and re-designed our operations flow.  The new facility has achieved land intensification by increasing 

the built-up area on its existing plot of land and, by re-designing our workflow, throughput has been 

increased tremendously.   

 

 

Business Conduct and Ethics 

 

 

At Asia Enterprises, the Board and Management regards ethnics and integrity very seriously.  Any 

misconduct or non-compliance is dealt with severely.  We are governed by a Code of Conduct (“Code”) 

that covers:- 

 

 

Social responsibility  

 

Legal compliance 

 

Corruption 

 

Data protection 

 

Whistle blowing 

 

Dealing in securities 

 

Conflicts of interest 

 

The Code governs appropriate behavior by all members of the Group, including staff, directors and 

substantial shareholders.  We expect all members to adhere to the Code.   Members are periodically 

reminded of the consequences of non-compliance.  Through the Whistle-Blowing Policy, an avenue for 

reporting of inappropriate behavior or conduct is provided, with the assurance of protection from 

possible retaliation or victimisation. 

 

To prevent insider trading, members are regularly reminded not to deal in the shares of the Company, 

especially when they may be in possession of sensitive information, at all times.  Particularly, members 

are not allowed to trade in the 14 to 30-day periods prior to the release of our financial results. 

 

 

 

 


15 

ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

Corporate Social Responsibility 

 

 

At Asia Enterprises, we are mindful that an organization must strive to attain high standards of Corporate 

Social Responsibility (“CSR”) as it pursues its economic goals and to develop a sustainable growth path 

for long term success. The Group observes CSR practices to manage the impact of our business on 

the environment and community.  

 

We believe in giving back to the society, to support and assist the less fortunate in our community.  We 

have been making annual contributions to an average of 30 charitable and voluntary welfare 

organisations that support different social causes.  These institutions are selected based on the causes 

they support and their standing as an approved Institution of Public Character (“IPC”).  Our employees 

are also encouraged to give back through donations or to participate in community services.  

 

  

FY 2019 

FY 2018 

Donations to IPC as a percentage of profit for the year 

2.5% 

1.0% 

 

 

Sustainable Environment  

 

 

The production of steel has a significant carbon footprint and while steel is our base product offering, 

we are not involved in manufacturing of the steel products, so its environmental impact is beyond our 

control and the boundaries of this report.  Once produced, however, steel is an environmentally friendly 

product due to its durability, ease of transportation, low material wastage and is infinitely recyclable.  In 

this respect, steel, as a product, is a permanent resource that results in both energy efficiency and 

conservation of the earth’s natural resources.  

 

We strive to store and transport all our steel products in a safe and responsible manner that does not 

pose any risks to our surrounding environment and community.  Our fleet of transport vehicles comply 

with acceptable Euro IV and V emission requirements and together with steel processing and lifting 

equipment, undergo regular maintenance to ensure optimal performance and to prolong their useful life 

spans.  Our drivers are required at all times to ensure that their loads are safely lashed and secured 

and to practice safe driving. 

 

Our newly re-developed warehouse adopts an “airy” design that allows for natural lighting and air-flow 

throughout the storage area.  The equipment and electrical devices installed take into account the need 

for energy efficiency and durability.  Its multi-storey design also intensifies land usage, effectively 

increasing the gross floor area by 72.5%.   

 

In addition, the Group promotes conservation of resources through Reduce, Reuse and Recycle. We 

strongly encourage efficient usage of electricity, water and paper at the workplace and proper disposal 

of scrap metals to scrap collectors for recycling purposes. 

 

We aim to do our part towards the conservation of natural resources, against global warming and 

climate change. 

 

 

 

 


16 

ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

COVID-19 

 

 

There are uncertainties to the economy resulting from the COVID-19 outbreak that emerged in early 

2020.  As the situation is still evolving, the full effect of the outbreak remains uncertain.  It is possible 

that COVID-19 may adversely impact the Group’s revenue, profitability and the impairment or 

recoverability of certain assets for the next financial year ending 31 December 2020, the extent of which 

will depend on how long the outbreak lasts. 

 

The Group announced on 8 April 2020 that it has received the approval from the Ministry of Trade and 

Industry in respect of its application for an exemption of suspension of workplace activities at its 

premises in Singapore. Hence, the Group will continue to operate its steel distribution business which 

forms part of the supply chain for essential services such as the marine &amp; offshore engineering services.  

 

The Group has implemented measures to ensure the well-being of its employees by arranging for the 

majority of its employees to work from home. For the employees who are required to be at the 

workplace, the Group has strict protocols for safe distancing and baseline sanitation and hygiene. 

 


17 

ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GENERAL STANDARD DISCLOSURES 

 

 

GRI Ref 

Disclosure Title 

Page References/ Information 

Organisational Profile 

102-1 

Name of the Organisation 

Asia Enterprises Holding Limited 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and 

services 

Sustainability Report (“SR”) - Corporate Profile 

(page 2) 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

SR (page 21) 

102-4 

Countries of operation 

SR - Corporate Profile (page 2) 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Incorporated in Singapore with limited liability. 

102-6 

Markets served 

SR – Our Customers (page 7) 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Annual Report 2019 (“AR 2019”) – Financial 

Highlights (page 5) 

SR – Our People (pages 8 – 11) 

102-8 

Information on employees and 

other workers 

SR – Our People (pages 8 – 11) 

 

102-9 

Supply Chain 

SR – Our Business (page 3) 

102-10 

Significant changes to organisation 

and its supply chain 

SR – Our Society – Regulatory Governance 

(page 14) 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or 

approach 

AR 2019 - Risk Management (pages 30 – 31);  

AR 2019 - Corporate Governance - Risk 

Management and Internal Controls  

(page 22 – 23) 

SR – Our Society – Business Conduct and 

Ethics (page 14) 

102-12 

External initiatives 

1. ISO 9001:2015 

2. OHSAS 18001:2007 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

1. Singapore Metal &amp; Machinery Association 

2. Singapore Business Federation 

3. Singapore Chinese Chamber of Commerce &amp; 

Industry 

 

 

 

 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision 

maker 

SR - Board Statement (page 4) 

 

 

 

 

 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and 

norms of behaviour 

SR – Our Society – Business Conduct and 

Ethics (page 14) 

 

 

 

 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

AR 2019 - Corporate Governance - Board 

Matters (pages 10 – 20); Accountability and 

Audit (pages 22 – 25) 

SR – Board Statement (page 4) 

 

 


18 

ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

 

 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI Ref 

Disclosure Title 

Page References/ Information 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR – Scope of Report (pages 4 – 5) 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

NA, our employees are not unionised 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

SR – Scope of Report (pages 4 – 5) 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

SR – Scope of Report (pages 4 – 5) 

AR 2019 - Corporate Governance Report – 

Shareholder Rights and Communication with 

Shareholders (pages 26 – 28) 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR – Scope of Report (pages 4 – 5) 

 

 

 

 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial statements 

AR 2019 – Notes to the Financial Statements - 

Notes 15: Investments in Subsidiaries  

(pages 65) 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries 

SR – Scope of Report (pages 4 – 5);  

Materiality Assessment (pages 5 – 6) 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR – Materiality Assessment (pages 5 – 6) 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

NA 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

NA 

102-50 

Reporting period 

1 January 2019 – 31 December 2019 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

7 May 2019 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Yearly 

102-53 

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report 

Investor Relations Contact: 

Octant Consulting 

Tel: (65) 6296 3583  

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance 

with GRI Standards 

SR - Scope of Report (page 4) 

102-55 

GRI Content index 

GRI Content Index (pages 17 – 20) 

102-56 

External assurance 

NA 

 

 

 

 

Management Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary 

 

SR – Our Customers, Our Suppliers, Our 

People, Our Shareholders, Our Products and 

Services and Our Society (pages 7 – 15) 

103-2 

The management approach and 

its components 

 

SR – Our Customers, Our Suppliers, Our 

People, Our Shareholders, Our Products and 

Services and Our Society (pages 7 – 15) 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

 

SR – Our Customers, Our Suppliers, Our 

People, Our Shareholders, Our Products and 

Services and Our Society (pages 7 – 15) 

 

 


19 

ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

 

 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

TOPIC-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES 

 

 

GRI Ref 

Disclosure Title 

Page References/ Information 

Material Aspect:  Economic Performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

AR 2019 – Financial Highlights (page 5); 

Consolidated Statement of Profit and 

Loss and Other Comprehensive Income 

(page 39); Statements of Changes in 

Equity (page 41); Notes to the Financial 

Statements, Notes 4, 5, 8, 10, 11 (pages 

55 – 59, 61 – 62) 

201-2 

Financial implications and other risks 

and opportunities due to climate 

change 

AR 2019 - Risk Management  

(pages 30 – 31) 

 

201-3 

Defined benefit plan obligations and 

other retirement plans 

AR 2019 – Notes to the Financial 

Statements, Note 8: Employees Benefits 

Expense (page 59) 

 

Central Provident Fund (CPF) 

contributions are duly made by the Group 

on behalf of Singaporean employees in 

accordance with the Singapore 

government’s mandated requirement for 

all employers. 

201-4 

Financial assistance received from 

government 

Wage Credit, Special Employment Credit 

 

 

 

 

Material Aspect: Anti-Corruption  

 

 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and 

actions taken 

SR – Our Society – Business Conduct 

and Ethics (page 14) 

 

 

 

 

Material Aspect: Materials 

 

 

301-1 

Materials used by weight or volume 

SR – Our Products and Services  

(pages 12 – 13) 

 

 

 

 

Material Aspect: Socio-Economic Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and 

economic area 

SR – Our Society (pages 14 – 15) 

 

 

 

 

Material Aspect: Employment 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee 

turnover 

SR – Our People (pages 8 – 11) 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full-time 

employees that are not provided to 

temporary or part-time employees 

SR – Our People (pages 8 – 11) 

AR 2019 – Notes to the Financial 

Statements, Note 8: Employees Benefits 

Expense (page 59) 

 

 

 

 

 


20 

ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

 

 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI Ref 

Disclosure Title 

Page References/ Information 

Material Aspect: Labour/Management Relations 

402-1 

Minimum notice periods regarding 

operational changes 

In the event of termination, a minimum 

notice period of one to two months need 

to be fulfilled, depending on the 

employee’s job position.  

 

 

 

 

Material Aspect: Training and Education 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading employee 

skills and transition assistance 

programs 

SR – Our People – Training and 

Development (page 9) 

404-3 

Percentage of employee receiving 

regular performance and career 

development reviews 

Yearly performance appraisal for all 

permanent full-time employees 

 

 

 

 

Material Aspect: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees 

SR – Our People – Diversity and Equality 

(page 10 – 11) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


21 

ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

 

 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

COMPANY REG NO: 200501021H 

 

3 PIONEER SECTOR WALK │ SINGAPORE 627897 

TEL (65) 6223 6377 │ FAX (65) 6861 9486 

www.asiaenterprises.com.sg 



