
1

ASIAMEDIC LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)

Company Registration No.: 197401556E

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”)

1.

ABOUT ASIAMEDIC LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES

We are a one-stop outpatient wellness, medical diagnostic imaging, family clinic and

medical aesthetics service provider in Singapore.

Detailed information on our businesses and performance for FY2020 can be found in

our Annual Report for FY2020 issued on 7 April 2021.

2.

BOARD STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of AsiaMedic Limited has provided direct guidance

to the Company’s key senior management (the “Management”) in the preparation of this

report. Based on the guidelines of Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards, the

Board and the Management identify material Environmental, Social and Governance

(“ESG”) factors relevant to the Group. The Management then further assesses, monitors

and documents the Group’s efforts in managing the identified factors. The Board and the

Management will continue to work closely to ensure that the Group has a structured and

functioning sustainability reporting framework.


2

3.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING PROCESSES

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of the ESG factors. Relevant

factors are then prioritised as material ESG factors which are then validated. The end

result of this process is a list of material ESG factors disclosed in this report, inter-

relations of which are as shown in the chart below:

4.

REPORTING PERIOD

This report is in respect of FY2020.

5.

KEY STAKEHOLDERS

Our key stakeholders are our shareholders, customers, our employees, the healthcare

regulator in Singapore (Ministry of Health), and suppliers.

Key stakeholder

Methods of engagement

Shareholders



Annual General Meeting



SGXNET announcements



Corporate website (www.asiamedic.com.sg)

Identification of the material ESG factors that are relevant to

the Group’s activities and data points for performance

reporting

Prioritisation of the material ESG factors and identify key

factors to be reported on

Validation involves the assessment on the completeness of

key ESG factors identified to finalise the sustainability report

content

Review focuses on the material ESG factors in the previous

reporting period and also considers stakeholders’ feedback,

changing business landscape, and emerging trends

Identification

Prioritisation

Validation

Review


3

Key stakeholder

Methods of engagement

Customers



Patient visits and consultations



Feedback forms



Customer hotline



Facebook



Email



Corporate website



On-site visits

Employees



Induction and orientation programmes



On-the-job training



Town hall meetings



Departmental meetings



Annual appraisal



Continuous dialogue

Regulator



Guidelines



Email



Telecommunication



Site visits

Suppliers



Meetings



Email



Telecommunication

6.

MATERIAL ESG FACTORS

We have identified a list of material ESG factors that our Management felt have the

greatest impact on our stakeholders:

6.1

Competition

The Group continues to face stiff competition in the markets it operates. The

Group’s wellness and medical diagnostic imaging businesses continue to

encounter competition largely on pricing while the Group’s family clinic (catering

mainly to the expatriate community) and medical aesthetics clinic operate in a

fragmented market.

Competition is especially acute for our wellness and diagnostic imaging business

and has intensified over the years. We compete locally for patients from both

private and public sectors. There are also medical practitioners who have

established their own medical diagnostic imaging facilities in their clinics which

compete with the Group.

Our family clinic and medical aesthetics clinic face competition mainly from the

private operators which comprise a large number of single practitioner clinics.

Competition is localised as patients generally do not travel beyond their comfort

zone for medical consultation and treatment.


4

6.2

Quality of service and care to customers

The main customers of our businesses are as follows:

(a)

Diagnostic imaging: medical clinics, medical practitioners and hospitals who

refer their patients to us.

(b)

Wellness: corporates/companies who provide health screening benefits to

their

employees,

government

agencies

whom

we

undertake

certain

school/community health screening and health coaching activities on their

behalf, and individual private patients.

(c)

Family clinic and medical aesthetics: individual private patients.

We are committed to ensure that the service and care we provide are safe with no

unintended or unexpected harm, effective based on scientific knowledge and

customer-centred based on their values, preferences and expressed needs.

6.3

Recruitment

and

retention

of

healthcare

professionals

comprising

radiologists, medical doctors, radiographers and nurses

The ongoing ability to recruit, develop, and retain qualified radiologists, medical

doctors, radiographers and nurses is critical to us as they are central to the services

that we provide to our customers. There is an exceptional high demand in our

industry for the first three groups of healthcare professionals of radiologists,

medical doctors and radiographers in Singapore. Our continued ability to compete

effectively depends on our ability to attract such new healthcare professionals and

to retain and motivate the existing ones. We may not be able to hire and retain a

sufficient number of such healthcare professionals, and we expect that our costs

for the salaries and benefits of these healthcare professionals will continue to

increase for the foreseeable future because of the industry’s competitive demand

for their services.

7.

POLICIES, PRACTICES, PERFORMANCE AND TARGETS

7.1

Competition

The Group recognises that competing largely based on pricing is unhealthy and

will result in margin erosion. Accordingly, the Group strives to provide quality

healthcare services to prevent further margin erosion. We have continuously

reviewed our service levels as well as our operational processes for better

efficiency and cost management. Delivering quality healthcare services while

controlling costs is challenging. We ensure our service standards such as our

ability to reschedule patients’ appointments, capacity of our machines, reducing

waiting time of patients, faster turnaround time, ability to provide multiple modalities

and disciplines, and the quality of our consultations and services are continually

met. The ability to deliver quality professional services and care at competitive

prices is a value driver in healthcare delivery. Our reputation as a respected and

trusted provider of quality services and care at competitive prices will help us to

attract and retain customers.


5

7.2

Quality of service and care to customers

Patients: We currently assess customer satisfaction by providing feedback forms

at the waiting areas so that the patrons of our centre or clinics can provide their

feedback and suggestions while waiting for their turns. We also monitor comments

and reviews on social media such as our website, Facebook pages, and Google.

Patients can also contact us through the customer hotline and email address. We

also aim for our patients to have a positive experience in our clinics through better

interactions with patients.

Medical practitioners and corporates: We strive to ensure customer satisfaction by

fostering good long-term relationship with medical practitioners and corporates

customers. We pro-actively engage them to develop service levels that are tailored

to their specific needs.

We did not have any incident of health and safety of products and services during

the reporting period and we aim to maintain this every year.

7.3

Recruitment

and

retention

of

healthcare

professionals

comprising

radiologists, medical doctors, radiographers and nurses

We adopt the following practices to attract and retain our other employees:

(a) Reward system – We provide competitive packages based on market rates.

(b) Working environment – Our employees work in an environment which is

receptive, friendly and conducive.

(c) Work-life integration – We provide work opportunities to employees whose

family/life circumstances only allow them to take up part-time permanent

employment.

(d) Training – The Group recognizes the importance of investing in our employees

and we are committed to ensuring that all employees can realise their potential

through formal external seminars, conferences and on-the-job training.

(e) Constant dialogue – We have constant dialogue and conversations with our

employees, both individually and as a group, to engage them on their concerns

and needs.

The above practices are also applied to our key healthcare professionals of

radiologists, medical doctors and radiographers. As we do not have a large number

of such healthcare professionals as the scale of our operations is relatively small

compared to other players and we endeavour to be lean operationally, the

resignation of a radiologist, medical doctor or radiographer is always keenly felt. In

our opinion, it would not be in the interests of the Group to disclose the turnover

rate due to the small denominator in the number of staff of the Group.


6

8.

OTHER ESG FACTORS

8.1

Corporate governance

A high standard of corporate governance is integral in ensuring sustainability of the

Group’s business as well as safeguarding shareholders’ interest and maximizing

long term shareholder value. Please refer to the Corporate Governance Report of

our Annual Report for details for our corporate governance practices.

8.2

Regulatory requirements

The healthcare industry has many standards and regulations. As a healthcare

service provider in Singapore:

(a) We adhere to and comply strictly with all relevant standards and regulations

including the Private Hospitals and Medical Clinics Act, Medicine Act, Health

Products Act, Radiation Protection Act, and Singapore Medical Council Ethical

Code and Ethical Guidelines.

(b) It is our policy to comply with all laws, rules and regulations governing anti-

bribery and anti-corruption. The prohibitions on bribery and corruption are

disseminated to all our personnel on an annual basis.

We did not have any non-compliance with regulatory requirements during the

reporting period and we aim to maintain this every year.

8.3

Environment

(a) Our

operations

do

not

have

a

material

impact

on

the

environment.

Nevertheless, we contribute our part by ensuring compliance with the National

Environmental Agency’s radiation protection regulations, the disposal of

biohazard wastes through the proper channels, and the purchase of our

medical supplies from reputable vendors.

(b) Our imaging business works with referring clinics and patients to replace hard

copy film images with quality digital alternatives including CD-ROMs. There are

environmental

benefits

accruing

from

the

reduction

in

manufacturing,

transporting, processing, delivering, storing and disposing of film products. We

are pleased that a large percentage of the referring clinicians and patients are

receptive to this change.

9.

MANAGING SOCIAL RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES DURING COVID-19

2020 has been a tumultuous year due to the COVID-19 outbreak. The outbreak has

become a litmus test for many companies, including the ability of the companies in

managing social risks and opportunities among key stakeholder groups.

We set out the measures which we have undertaken for each key stakeholder group as

follows:


7

9.1

Employees

Safeguarding our people will always be a foremost priority. We implemented the

government’s advisories on tele-commuting and safe management measures such

as tele-commuting through the use of IT equipment and technology, staggering the

working hours, avoiding physical meetings and social interactions and holding

virtual meetings instead, SafeEntry check-in and temperature-taking, ensuring

social distancing in our operating premises, emphasizing hand and personal

hygiene, compulsory wearing of masks, and regular cleaning and disinfecting of

common touchpoints and equipment.

In the second quarter of FY2020, our employees had considerable free time as a

result of clinic closures and reduced patient volume. We made use of this downtime

to send a large number of our employees for training courses, many of which were

conducted online. The courses attended included the following:



ES WSQ (Employment Skills Workforce Skills Qualifications) courses on

leadership,

adapting

to

change,

emotional

competence,

personal

effectiveness, and effective teams.



Basic cardiac life support, cardiopulmonary resuscitation and usage of

automated external defibrillator.



Fire safety and SG Secure awareness.

9.2

Customers

Safeguarding our patients is also a foremost priority. Patients visiting our clinics

were required to declare their past 14-day travel history during their visits. We also

ensure that the patients checked in with the SafeEntry system. Temperature was

also taken and patients with high temperature would be directed to designated

areas and attended to by our staff with the correct protective gears. All touchpoints

were regularly sanitized. In addition to the above measures, we also ensured that

we maintained physical distancing requirements for both our employees and our

patients.

9.3

Suppliers

The Group did not encounter supply or service disruption from its suppliers in

FY2020. Nevertheless, we recognized that all businesses, including our suppliers,

would be severely tested in such a highly challenging environment. In the light of

this, we ensured our suppliers were continued to be paid on a timely basis.

9.4

Community

During the Circuit Breaker, some of our clinics were closed and could not operate.

During this period, we seconded some staff to the Health Promotion Board to

support the government’s wider COVID-19 swab testing efforts. Our aesthetic clinic

was also closed. Instead of being unoccupied, our aesthetic doctors stepped

forward to care for COVID-19 patients in public facilities.


8

10.

FEEDBACK

Enquires, comments or feedback on our sustainability performance and report can be

sent to finance@asiamedic.com.sg.

Date: 27 May 2021

This document has been reviewed by the Company's sponsor, Xandar Capital Pte Ltd, in

compliance with Rule 226 of the Rules of Catalist. It has not been examined or approved by

the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”) and the SGX-ST assumes

no responsibility for the contents of this document, including the correctness of any of the

statements or opinions made or reports contained in this document. The contact person for

the Sponsor is Ms Pauline Sim (Registered Professional, Xandar Capital Pte Ltd) at 3 Shenton

Way, #24-02 Shenton House, Singapore 068805. Telephone number: (65) 63194954.

