
1 

 

ASIAMEDIC LIMITED 

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore) 

Company Registration No.: 197401556E 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

 

For the year ended 31 December 2019 

 

 

 

1. 

ABOUT ASIAMEDIC LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

 

We are a one-stop outpatient wellness, medical diagnostic imaging, family clinic and 

medical aesthetics service provider in Singapore.  

 

Detailed information on our businesses and performance for FY2019 can be found in 

our Annual Report for FY2019 issued on 15 April 2020. 

 

 

2. 

BOARD STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY 

 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of AsiaMedic Limited has provided direct 

guidance to the Company’s key senior management (the “Management”) in the 

preparation of this report. Based on the guidelines of Global Reporting Initiative 

(“GRI”) Standards, the Board and the Management identify material factors relevant 

to the Group. The Management then further assesses, monitors and documents the 

Group’s efforts in managing the identified factors. The Board and the Management 

will continue to work closely to ensure that the Group has a structured and 

functioning sustainability reporting framework.  

 

 

3. 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING PROCESSES 

 

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of the sustainability factors. 

Relevant factors are then prioritised as material factors which are then validated. The 

end result of this process is a list of material factors disclosed in this report, inter-

relations of which are as shown in the chart below: 

 

 


2 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4. 

REPORTING PERIOD 

 

This report is in respect of the Group’s financial year ended 31 December 2019 

(“FY2019”). 

 

 

5. 

KEY STAKEHOLDERS 

 

Our key stakeholders are our shareholders, customers, our employees, the 

healthcare regulator in Singapore (Ministry of Health), and suppliers. 

 

Key stakeholder 

Methods of engagement 

 

Shareholders 

• 

Annual General Meeting 

• 

SGXNET announcements 

• 

Corporate website (www.asiamedic.com.sg) 

 

Customers 

• 

Patient visits and consultations 

• 

Feedback forms 

• 

Customer hotline 

• 

Facebook 

• 

Email 

• 

Corporate website 

• 

On-site visits 

 

Identification of the material factors that are relevant to the 

Group’s activities and data points for performance reporting 

 

Prioritisation of the material factors and identify key 

sustainability factors to be reported on 

Validation involves the assessment on the completeness of 

key sustainability factors identified to finalise the sustainability 

report content 

Review focuses on the material factors in the previous 

reporting period and also considers stakeholders’ feedback, 

changing business landscape, and emerging trends 

Identification 

Prioritisation 

Validation 

Review 


3 

 

Key stakeholder 

Methods of engagement 

 

Employees 

• 

Induction and orientation programmes 

• 

On-the-job training 

• 

Town hall meetings 

• 

Departmental meetings 

• 

Annual appraisal 

• 

Continuous dialogue 

 

Regulator 

• 

Guidelines 

• 

Email 

• 

Telecommunication 

• 

Site visits 

 

Suppliers 

• 

Meetings 

• 

Email 

• 

Telecommunication 

 

 

 

6. 

MATERIAL FACTORS 

 

We believe the following factors are relevant for the long term sustainability of the 

Group: 

 

6.1. 

Competition 

 

The Group continues to face stiff competition in the markets it operates. The 

Group’s wellness and medical diagnostic imaging businesses continue to 

encounter competition largely on pricing while the Group’s family clinic 

(catering mainly to the expatriate community) and medical aesthetics clinic 

operate in a fragmented market.  

 

Competition is especially acute for our wellness and diagnostic imaging 

business and has intensified over the years. We compete locally for patients 

from both private and public sectors. There are also medical practitioners who 

have established their own medical diagnostic imaging facilities in their clinics 

which compete with the Group.  

 

Our family clinic and medical aesthetics clinic face competition mainly from 

the private operators which comprise a large number of single practitioner 

clinics. Competition is localised as patients generally do not travel beyond 

their comfort zone for medical consultation and treatment. 

 

6.2. 

Customers and their satisfaction level 

 

The main customers of our businesses are as follows: 

(a) Diagnostic imaging – medical clinics, medical practitioners and hospitals 

who refer their patients to us 

(b) Wellness – corporates/companies who provide health screening benefits 

to their employees, government agencies whom we undertake certain 


4 

 

school/community health screening and health coaching activities on 

their behalf, and individual private patients 

(c) 

Family clinic and medical aesthetics – individual private patients 

 

The ability to deliver quality professional services and care at competitive 

prices is a value driver in healthcare delivery. Our reputation as a respected 

and trusted provider of quality services and care at competitive prices will 

help us to attract and retain customers. 

 

6.3. 

Recruitment and retention of healthcare professionals comprising 

radiologists, medical doctors, radiographers and nurses 

 

The ongoing ability to recruit, develop, and retain qualified radiologists, 

medical doctors, radiographers and nurses is critical to us as they are central 

to the services that we provide to our customers. There is an exceptional high 

demand in our industry for the first three groups of healthcare professionals of 

radiologists, medical doctors and radiographers in Singapore. Our continued 

ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract such new 

healthcare professionals and to retain and motivate the existing ones. We 

may not be able to hire and retain a sufficient number of such healthcare 

professionals, and we expect that our costs for the salaries and benefits of 

these healthcare professionals will continue to increase for the foreseeable 

future because of the industry’s competitive demand for their services.  

 

 

7. 

POLICIES, PRACTICES, PERFORMANCE AND TARGETS 

 

7.1. 

Competition 

 

The Group recognises that competing largely based on pricing is unhealthy 

and will result in margin erosion. Accordingly, the Group strives to provide 

quality healthcare services to prevent further margin erosion. We have 

continuously reviewed our service levels as well as our operational processes 

for better efficiency and cost management. Delivering quality healthcare 

services while controlling costs is challenging. We ensure our service 

standards such as our ability to reschedule patients’ appointments, capacity 

of our machines, reducing waiting time of patients, faster turnaround time, 

ability to provide multiple modalities and disciplines, and the quality of our 

consultations and services are continually met. 

 

7.2. 

Customers and their satisfaction level 

 

Patients - We currently assess customer satisfaction by providing feedback 

forms at the waiting areas so that the patrons of our centre or clinics can 

provide their feedback and suggestions while waiting for their turns. We also 

monitor comments and reviews on social media such as our website, 

Facebook pages, and Google. Patients can also contact us through the 

customer hotline and email address. We also aim for our patients to have a 

positive experience in our clinics through better interactions with patients.  

 

Medical practitioners and corporates - We strive to ensure customer 

satisfaction by fostering good long-term relationship with medical practitioners 

and corporates customers. We pro-actively engage them to develop service 

levels that are tailored to their specific needs.  

 


5 

 

 

We intend to design and conduct customer satisfaction survey in FY2020 as 

part of our journey of enhancing our service standards and evaluate the 

results accordingly. 

 

7.3. 

Recruitment and retention of healthcare professionals comprising 

radiologists, medical doctors, radiographers and nurses 

 

We adopt the following practices to attract and retain our other employees: 

 

(a) Reward system – We provide competitive packages based on market 

rates. 

 

(b) Working environment – Our employees work in an environment which is 

receptive, friendly and conducive. 

 

(c) Work-life integration – We provide work opportunities to employees 

whose family/life circumstances only allow them to take up part-time 

permanent employment. 

 

(d) Training – The Group recognizes the importance of investing in our 

employees and we are committed to ensuring that all employees can 

realise their potential through formal external seminars, conferences and 

on-the-job training. 

 

During the year, our consultant radiologists and doctors attended 11 

various workshops, congresses and symposiums related to their fields. 

Our radiographers attended seminars and updates organised by the 

Medical Ultrasound Society, Singapore. A number of managers and 

supervisors attended the ES WSQ (Employment Skills Workforce Skills 

Qualifications) course in effective problem solving and decision making 

techniques. We also conducted in-house training for the new batch of 21 

nurses and health screening assistants who joined the Group in the early 

part of 2019. 

 

 

 

(e) Constant dialogue – We have constant dialogue and conversations with 

our employees, both individually and as a group, to engage them on their 

concerns and needs. 

 

The above practices are also applied to our key healthcare professionals of 

radiologists, medical doctors and radiographers. As we do not have a large 

number of such healthcare professionals as the scale of our operations is 

relatively small and we endeavour to be lean operationally, the resignation of 

a radiologist, medical doctor or radiographer is always keenly felt. In our 

opinion, it would not be in the interests of the Group to disclose the turnover 

rate due to the small denominator in the number of staff of the Group. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

8. 

OTHER SUSTAINABILITY FACTORS 

 

8.1. 

Corporate governance 

 

A high standard of corporate governance is integral in ensuring sustainability 

of the Group’s business as well as safeguarding shareholders’ interest and 

maximizing long term shareholder value. Please refer to the Corporate 


6 

 

Governance Report of our Annual Report for details for our corporate 

governance practices. 

 

8.2. 

Regulatory requirements 

 

The healthcare industry has many standards and regulations. As a healthcare 

service provider in Singapore: 

 

(a) We adhere to and comply strictly with all relevant standards and 

regulations including the Private Hospitals and Medical Clinics Act, 

Medicine Act, Health Products Act, Radiation Protection Act, and 

Singapore Medical Council Ethical Code and Ethical Guidelines. 

 

(b) It is our policy to comply with all laws, rules and regulations governing 

anti-bribery and anti-corruption. The prohibitions on bribery and corruption 

are disseminated to all our personnel on an annual basis. 

 

We did not have any non-compliance with regulatory requirements during the 

reporting period and we aim to maintain this every year. 

 

8.3. 

Environment 

 

Our operations do not have a material impact on the environment. 

Nevertheless, we contribute our part by ensuring compliance with the 

National Environmental Agency’s radiation protection regulations, the 

disposal of biohazard wastes through the proper channels, and the purchase 

of our medical supplies from reputable vendors. 

 

During the financial year, our imaging business has begun working with 

referring clinicians and patients to replace hard copy film images with quality 

digital alternatives including CD-ROMs. There are environmental benefits 

accruing from the reduction in manufacturing, transporting, processing, 

delivering, storing and disposing of film products. We are pleased that a large 

percentage of the referring clinicians and patients are receptive to this 

change. 

 

 

9. 

FEEDBACK 

 

Enquires, comments or feedback on our sustainability performance and report can be 

sent to finance@asiamedic.com.sg. 

 

 

Date: 29 May 2020 

 

 

 


7 

 

 

This document has been reviewed by the Company's sponsor, Xandar Capital Pte 

Ltd, in compliance with Rule 226 of the Rules of Catalist. It has not been examined or 

approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”) and 

the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this document, including 

the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in 

this document.The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms Pauline Sim (Registered 

Professional, Xandar Capital Pte Ltd) at 3 Shenton Way, #24-02 Shenton House, 

Singapore 068805. Telephone number: (65) 63194954. 

 

 

