
ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

1 

 

 

 

 

 

 





2020 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

2 



 

 

 

 

 

 

CORPORATE PROFILE 

 

Asia Enterprises Holding Limited (“Asia Enterprises” or the “Company”, and 

together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is a major distributor of a 

comprehensive range of steel products to industrial end-users in Singapore 

and the Asia-Pacific region. 

 

With operating history dating back to 1973, Asia Enterprises boasts a wide 

range of products that is complemented by its value-added services to offer 

‘one-stop’ solutions and just-in-time delivery to its customers. Today, the 

Group has a ready inventory consisting of more than 1,200 steel products that 

it supplies to over 700 active customers involved primarily in marine and 

offshore, 

oil 

and 

gas, 

construction, 

engineering/fabrication 

and 

manufacturing industries. The Group has forged a strong reputation as a 

reliable distributor of steel products to the marine and offshore industries. 

 

Asia Enterprises presently owns two facilities in Singapore – a multi-storey 

warehouse and a steel processing plant-cum-warehouse - with a total 

combined land area of 33,769 square metres. To complement its steel 

distribution business, the Group also provides precision steel processing 

services. 

 

The Group was listed on the Main Board of the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) on 1 September 2005. 


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

3 

OUR BUSINESS 

 

 

As a steel distributor, Asia Enterprises’ key role is to bridge the gap and facilitate imbalances of 

demand and supply of steel products between steel mills and industrial end-users.   

 

The majority of industrial end-users typically purchase a large variety of steel products in relatively 

small quantities and require intermittent deliveries that are made promptly or on a just-in-time basis.  

Steel producers, on the other hand, manufacture a limited variety of products, require minimum order 

sizes of substantial quantities and have long production and shipment lead times.   

 

As a crucial link between steel producers and steel users, we source and procure steel products in 

large quantities and comprehensive varieties.  Through efficient and effective deployment of financial, 

human and logistics resources, we have the capability to provide readily available inventory in flexible 

order sizes, with customization and value-added services where required, to industrial end users.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 































































Production / 

Procurement



Shipment 

from Steel 

Mills / Traders



Key 

Intermediary  

&amp; Value-Add 

Role



Delivery to 

Customers



Settlement





Facilitates Imbalances between Demand and Supply 

Bridge time lag between steel mill’s production lead time and customers’ prompt delivery schedules 

Readily available inventory for Just-In-Time delivery 

Bulk break and flexible order sizes 

Steel processing facilities and value-add services to customise products as required 


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

4 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

 

 

This Sustainability Report covers the period from 1 January to 31 December 2020.    

 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

Asia Enterprises Group recognizes the importance of and seeks continuous improvement to the 

sustainability of our business.  The Board regularly conducts reviews of the business environment that 

we operate in and considers sustainability issues as an integral part of its formulation of the Group’s 

strategy.   

 

On a day-to-day basis, the Management monitors and oversees the sustainability execution and 

efforts of the Group, and makes regular reports directly to the Board.   

 

Over and above the financial reports which track the financial health of the Group, the Sustainability 

Report is intended to provide supplementary information on the Group, with a focus on material 

economic, environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) factors that impact the business now and 

in the future.  Taken together, the combined financial and sustainability reports provide a holistic 

assessment of the business environment and the quality of management of Asia Enterprises. 

 

 

SCOPE OF REPORT 

 

This report is prepared in accordance with SGX-ST Listing Rules 711a and 711b – Sustainability 

Reporting Guide.  The structure is oriented towards the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards 

2016: Core Option issued by the Global Sustainability Standards Board.   

 

In line with our approach of integrating sustainability into our operations, we aim to periodically 

gather feedback and suggestions from our stakeholders and perform a structured process of 

materiality assessment to identify, rate, prioritise and validate sustainability risks and opportunities.  

 

Data provided for FY2019 in our Sustainability Report will form a baseline upon which our subsequent 

reporting will make comparison.  We will continue to refine the quality of our data collection to 

enhance subsequent reporting and transparency going forward. 

 

More information on our risk management can be found in the Risk Management section (pages 27-

28) of our Annual Report 2020 (“AR 2020”). 

 

The disclosures taken into account can be found in the GRI Content Index starting from pages 17-20 

of this report.  

 

 

 


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

5 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

 

 

The table below summarises our approach to stakeholder engagement: 

 

Key Stakeholder 

How We Engage Them 

Key Topics and Concerns Raised 

Customers 

Regular visits, meetings, phone 

calls and e-mails 

 

Economic 

1. Financial performance  

2. Product quality 

3. Inventory holding and credit 

management 

4. Fluctuations in steel prices 

5. Fluctuations in foreign exchange 

rates 

6. Cyclical movements in industries 

that our customers operate 

 

Environment 

7. Electricity and water conservation, 

waste management 

8. Climate change 

 

Social 

9. Health and safety 

10. Wage and hiring 

11. Training and development 

12. Work-life balance 

 

Governance 

13. Regulatory compliance and 

corporate governance 

14. Succession planning 

15. Threat of cyber-attacks 

16. Business conduct and ethics 

 

Suppliers 

Regular meetings, phone calls 

and e-mails 

 

 

Employees and 

Directors 

Department meetings, company 

events, phone calls, e-mails and  

performance appraisals 

 

Board, Audit Committee, 

Remuneration Committee and 

Nominating Committee meetings 

 

Shareholders and 

Financial Community 

Annual general meetings, results 

briefing sessions, roadshows, 

investment seminars, open house 

 

 

 

Materiality Assessment 

 

Our materiality definition is guided by GRI Standards 2016.  Material sustainability factors are defined 

as those that: 

 

1. 

reflect significant economic, environmental, social and governance impact on Asia Enterprises; 

and/or 

2. 

substantively influence the assessments and decisions of stakeholders 

 

 

 


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

6 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

 

 

The material sustainability factors are assessed by the management and ranked accordingly in the 

Material Factors Matrix as follows:  

 

Material Factors Matrix  

 

Influence on Stakeholder assessment and 

decisions 

 

High 

 

 

 

Medium 

 

 

 

Low 

 

 

 

 

Low 

Medium 

High 

 

Significance of Material EESG Factors Impact on Asia Enterprises 

 

 

For this Report, we have identified, rated, prioritised and validated the following material 

sustainability factors: 

 

 



Social 

Factors 

Governance 

Factors 

Environmental 

Factors 

Economic 

Factors 


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

7 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

 

 

OUR CUSTOMERS 

 

Throughout the Group’s operating history, we have established a diverse pool of more than 700 active 

customers in the Asia-Pacific region, with Singapore, Indonesia and Malaysia being the primary 

destinations of our products.  Operating out of Singapore, we are able to capitalize on the island state’s 

status as a major transshipment hub which allows us unrivalled connectivity to every major port in the 

world.   

 

We distribute our products to industrial end-users engaged in businesses such as marine and offshore, 

oil and gas, construction, engineering/fabrication as well as manufacturing industries.  While we are 

not reliant on any single customer, we do have a higher concentration of revenue generated by 

customers from the marine and offshore segment.   

 

Through regular and close collaboration with our customers, we have built a good understanding of 

their business requirements. As a result, our Group is able to formulate optimal solutions that help 

our customers to achieve their goals. 

 

We commit to supplying our customers with high quality products on time, every time.  The 

partnerships we forge with our customers is built on trust, respect and mutual benefit. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

8 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

 

 

OUR SUPPLIERS 

 

We source our products from major steel mills worldwide, directly or through international steel 

traders.  We purchase carbon steel plates, profiles, beams, pipes and coils globally.  Over the past 48 

years, we have established close working relationships with these suppliers.  Our strong rapport with 

them provides us with timely access to critical industry trends and information, competitive prices for 

quality products and timely delivery of products. We also share feedback from customers with our 

suppliers to help them improve subsequent product offerings. 

 

We expect our business partners to conform to acceptable social and environmental standards.  Our 

Code of Conduct forms the basis for our contracts with our suppliers and we regularly assess their 

contractual performance.   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

9 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

 

 

OUR PEOPLE 

 

We operate out of Singapore.  Our colleagues form the core of our organization and are fundamental 

to our business success.  Our Board comprises professionals with legal, financial and business 

experience.  The sustainability of our business is attributable to the efforts of our experienced and 

committed Board, management team and colleagues.  Our years of operation have enabled us to build 

a wealth of experience and extensive product knowledge, as well as a good understanding of the 

industries in which our customers operate.  

 

We aim to provide a working environment that is safe, fair, compassionate, supportive and stimulating 

for our colleagues.  Our goal is for everyone in our Group to realise their full potential and contribute 

positively to the society and our organization. 

 

 

Health and Safety 

 

To elevate the importance of workplace safety and to sustain a high level of safety awareness, we 

implemented OHSAS 18001:2007 occupational health and safety management system in 2012 with 

accreditation by Lloyds UKAS.  With clear guidance on safety measures, we aim to maintain a clean 

record for workplace accidents.   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Productive Man Days 

















Annual Leave

7%

Medical 

Leave

2%

Hospitalisation 

Leave

1%

Productive 

days

90%

2019

















Annual Leave

3%

Medical Leave

2%

Hospitalisation 

Leave

1%

Productive 

days

94%

2020


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

10 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

 

 

Fair Employment 

 

We do not condone any personal discrimination based on nationality, age, gender or religion and 

support the growth of a fair and inclusive workplace.  We continue to engage employees who reach 

statutory retirement age in our workforce for as long as they can contribute to the Group.   

 

We aim to provide comprehensive compensation for all our colleagues and follow fair employment 

practices.  As part of our hiring and retention strategy, we identify, recognize, remunerate and reward 

quality employees based on their merits and performances.  Over and above statutory provisions, we 

also reward our colleagues for their commitment and service with special bonuses when they reach 

their tenth, twentieth, thirtieth and fortieth anniversaries of service with the Group.    

 

 

Training and Development 

 

We believe in continuous improvement of skills and capabilities so as to maintain high levels of 

productivity and quality of our services.  We encourage on-the-job training and the attendance of 

externally conducted courses and seminars. Going forward, we hope to implement a more structured 

training and development programme for the different functional roles of our employees. 

 

 

FY 2020 

FY 2019 

Average Training Hours per Employee 

8.22 

2.34 

 

 

Diversity and Equality 

 

While we operate in a male dominant industry, we have secured significant female representation in 

our workforce, management team and Board.  We embrace gender diversity and equal opportunities 

in our non-discriminatory organization, where remuneration is ascertained based on the individual’s 

work performance and not on gender.   

 

2020 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 









Female

41%

Male

59%

Gender Distribution











&lt;=31

3%

32 to 41

24%

42 to 51

22%

52 to 61

16%

&gt;=62

35%

Age (years)

















Chinese

5%

Indian

3%

Malaysian

8%

Singaporean

76%

Singapore PR

8%

Nationality


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

11 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

 

 

2019 

 

 

 

 

 

 

As a testament to our efforts, we have high staff retention with 68% (FY2019: 59%) of our colleagues 

having worked in the Group for more than 10 years.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The Board, which comprises members with diverse skill sets, meets regularly to receive updates on 

significant governance, economic and financial issues. The Board also actively discusses and 

deliberates strategies for the Group.  The Company announced on 8 April 2020 that its Board will 

conduct a renewal exercise and believes the refreshed mix of longer-serving and new directors on the 

Board will provide continuity and stability while allowing the transfer of new knowledge and 

strengthening of board independence.  Please refer to AR 2020 – Board of Directors (page 5). 

 

 

 

 





















&lt;=31 

10%

32 - 41

26%

42 - 51

24%

52 - 61

21%

&gt;=62

19%

Age (years)





















Chinese

7%

Indian

2%

Malaysian

10%

Singaporean

71%

Singapore 

PR

10%

Nationality









Female

38%

Male

62%

Gender Distribution

Length of Service (years) 

























0 to 3

8%

4 to 10

24%

11 to 20

30%

21 to 30

16%

31 to 40

14%

&gt; 41

8%

2020

























0 - 3

22%

4 - 10

19%

11 - 20

21%

21 - 30

19%

31 - 40

14%

&gt; 41

5%

2019


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

12 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

 

 

OUR SHAREHOLDERS 

 

We are a publicly traded company and have over 1,000 shareholders.  We communicate regularly with 

our shareholders and the wider investing community via public announcements on SGXNet and our 

corporate website, general meetings, investment seminars and briefings and company visits.  Financial 

announcements and presentations are uploaded to our website in a timely manner.  We actively 

encourage open communication with the investing community. 

 

 

Corporate Governance 

 

The Management is vigilant in ensuring that the Group strictly complies with all relevant legal and 

regulatory requirements, as well as the Group’s operating policies and procedures.  There have been 

no reports or notifications in relation to any material non-compliance of the Group since its listing in 

2005. 

 

The Board is committed to upholding high standards of corporate governance, accountability and 

transparency, as guided by the Code of Corporate Governance, to protect and enhance the interests 

of shareholders.  Please refer to our AR 2020 - Corporate Governance Report (pages 8-26). 

 

 

Financial Performance 

 

The Group’s economic performance is pivotal to our ability to continue as a going concern and is of 

the utmost importance.  We are committed to ensuring that our shareholders are rewarded financially 

for their investment in the Group.  The Group has been consistently distributing dividends to 

shareholders.  In the last 15 years, the Group has consistently paid an annual dividend representing at 

least 40% of its yearly earnings. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

13 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

 

 

OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 

 

The sustainability of our economic performance hinges upon our ability to provide products and 

services that continue to be relevant to the market.  

 

Steel is a basic commodity with a wide spectrum of applications due to its durability, strength, 

versatility and relatively low cost.  It is used in the construction of homes, buildings, road, bridges, in 

transportation in the form of ships, vehicles, trains, containers, in home appliances and 

telecommunication equipment etc.  Once produced, steel is infinitely recyclable without any loss of 

its inherent properties.  It is the most recycled and recyclable material on Earth. 

 

Steel is produced to different grades and qualities.  Due to the discerning requirements of our 

customers, we practice responsible sourcing from a network of established and reliable steel mills. 

These suppliers not only produce material that conforms to international standards but also do so in 

an economically competitive, socially and environmentally responsible manner.   

 

 

Product Quality 

 

Depending on our customers’ requirements, the products that we supply conform to the requirements 

set forth by international accredited standards such as European Standards (EN), American Society for 

Testing and Materials (ASTM), Japanese Industrial Standards (JIS), American Bureau of Shipping (ABS) 

and/or DNV GL, a merger of Det Norske Veritas (of Norway) and Germanischer Lloyd (of Germany).   

 

 

Quality Assurance 

 

We enforce strict quality controls by inspecting and checking all steel materials upon receipt and 

before delivery to customers.  As an additional quality assurance to our customers, our inventory 

management and steel service operations system is certified to ISO 9001:2015 quality management 

system.  All products are traceable to their respective sources and are accompanied with test 

certificates issued by the producers.  Where possible, we procure from steel mills that have qualified 

factory production control systems attested by an independent third-party certification agency.  

 

 

Value-added Services 

 

As a supplementary service to our customers, we also operate a steel service centre that customizes 

hot rolled, cold rolled, electro galvanized and hot-dipped galvanized steel coils into specific dimensions 

for our customers’ production needs.  Where required, we engage third party contractors to provide 

further value-added services as required by our customers.   

 

 

 


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

14 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

 

 

Inventory Holding 

 

The Group’s two storage and steel processing facilities have a combined land area of 33,769 square 

metres. To maintain the quality and lifespan of our steel products, they are stored in these covered 

warehouses to protect them against weathering elements.  We also operate a fleet of prime movers, 

trailers and trucks which takes care of our day-to-day delivery needs.  We use SAP Business One as an 

enterprise resource planning tool.  

 

Our capital investment in warehousing, logistics and processing facilities enable us to maintain a wide 

variety of steel products for prompt delivery to our customers.  It frees our customers from the need 

to invest in space, equipment and the financial burden of holding inventory.   

 

 

 

 

 

 

OUR SOCIETY 

 

We recognize the importance of attaining high standards of responsibility to the society at large and 

to manage the impact of our business on the environment and community.  We aim to continuously 

contribute to society, to support and assist the less fortunate, to improve their quality of life and to 

promote a better future.   

 

 

Regulatory Governance 

 

We are cognisant of the need to continuously evolve ourselves, to keep up with the government’s 

initiatives.  In line with the government’s directive to sustain business operations in land-scarce 

Singapore, we completed the re-development of our largest warehouse, invested heavily in 

equipment and re-designed our operations flow.  The facility has achieved land intensification by 

increasing the built-up area on its existing plot of land and, by re-designing our workflow, throughput 

has been increased tremendously.    

 

 

 






ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

15 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

 

 

Business Conduct and Ethics 

 

At Asia Enterprises, the Board and management regard ethnics and integrity very seriously.  Any 

misconduct or non-compliance is dealt with severely.  We are governed by a Code of Conduct (“Code”) 

that covers: 

 

• 

Social responsibility  

• 

Legal compliance 

• 

Corruption 

• 

Data protection 

• 

Whistle blowing 

• 

Dealing in securities 

• 

Conflicts of interest 

 

The Code governs appropriate behaviour by all members of the Group, including staff, directors and 

substantial shareholders.  We expect all members to adhere to the Code.   Members are periodically 

reminded of the consequences of non-compliance.  Through the Whistle-Blowing Policy, an avenue 

for reporting of inappropriate behaviour or conduct is provided, with the assurance of protection from 

possible retaliation or victimisation. 

 

To prevent insider trading, members are regularly reminded not to deal in the shares of the Company, 

especially when they may be in possession of sensitive information, at all times.  Particularly, members 

are not allowed to trade in the 14 to 30-day periods prior to the release of our financial results. 

 

Corporate Social Responsibility 

 

At Asia Enterprises, we are mindful that an organization must strive to attain high standards of 

Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) as it pursues its economic goals and to develop a sustainable 

growth path for long term success. The Group observes CSR practices to manage the impact of our 

business on the environment and community.  

 

We believe in giving back to the society, to support and assist the less fortunate in our community.  

We have been making annual contributions to charitable and voluntary welfare organisations that 

support different social causes.  These institutions are selected based on the causes they support and 

their standing as an approved Institution of Public Character (“IPC”).  Our employees are also 

encouraged to give back through donations or to participate in community services.  

 

 

FY 2020 

FY 2019 

Donations to IPC as a percentage of profit for the year 

3.4% 

2.5% 

 

 

 


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

16 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

 

 

Sustainable Environment  

 

The production of steel has a significant carbon footprint and while steel is our base product offering, 

we are not involved in the manufacturing of steel products, so its environmental impact is beyond our 

control and the boundaries of this report.  Once produced, however, steel is an environmentally 

friendly product due to its durability, ease of transportation, low material wastage and is infinitely 

recyclable.  In this respect, steel, as a product, is a permanent resource that results in both energy 

efficiency and conservation of the earth’s natural resources.  

 

We strive to store and transport all our steel products in a safe and responsible manner that does not 

pose any risks to our surrounding environment and community.  Our fleet of transport vehicles comply 

with acceptable Euro IV and V emission requirements and together with steel processing and lifting 

equipment, undergo regular maintenance to ensure optimal performance and to prolong their useful 

life spans.  Our drivers are required at all times to ensure that their loads are safely lashed and secured 

and to practice safe driving. 

 

Our warehouse adopts an “airy” design that allows for natural lighting and air-flow throughout the 

storage area.  The equipment and electrical devices installed take into account the need for energy 

efficiency and durability.  Its multi-storey design also intensifies land usage, effectively increasing the 

gross floor area by 72.5%.   

 

In addition, the Group promotes conservation of resources through Reduce, Reuse and Recycle. We 

strongly encourage efficient usage of electricity, water and paper at the workplace and proper disposal 

of scrap metals to scrap collectors for recycling purposes. 

 

We aim to do our part towards the conservation of natural resources, against global warming and 

climate change. 

 

 

COVID-19 

 

There are uncertainties to the economy resulting from the COVID-19 outbreak that emerged in early 

2020.  As the situation is still evolving, the full effect of the outbreak remains uncertain.  It is possible 

that COVID-19 may adversely impact the Group’s revenue, profitability and the impairment or 

recoverability of certain assets for the next financial year ending 31 December 2021, the extent of 

which will depend on how long the outbreak lasts. 

 

Amidst heightened controls for social distancing, the Group continues to operate its steel distribution 

and steel processing business which forms part of the supply chain for essential services such as the 

marine and offshore, engineering services and manufacturing industries.  

 

The Group has implemented measures to ensure the well-being of its employees by arranging for 

employees who are able to work from home to do so. For the employees who are required to be at 

the workplace, the Group has strict protocols for safe distancing and baseline sanitation and hygiene.   

 

 


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

17 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

 

 

GENERAL STANDARD DISCLOSURES 

 

 

GRI Ref 

Disclosure Title 

Page References / Information 

Organisational Profile 

102-1 

Name of the Organisation 

Asia Enterprises Holding Limited 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and 

services 

Sustainability Report 2020 (“SR 2020”) – Corporate 

Profile (page 2) 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

SR 2020 (page 21) 

102-4 

Countries of operation 

SR 2020 – Corporate Profile (page 2) 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Incorporated in Singapore with limited liability 

102-6 

Markets served 

SR 2020 – Our Customers (page 7) 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Annual Report 2020 (“AR 2020”) – Financial 

Highlights (page 4) 

SR 2020 – Our People (pages 9-11) 

102-8 

Information on employees and other 

workers 

SR 2020 – Our People (pages 9-11) 

 

102-9 

Supply Chain 

SR 2020 – Our Business (page 3) 

102-10 

Significant changes to organisation 

and its supply chain 

SR 2020 – Our Society: Regulatory Governance 

(page 14) 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach 

AR 2020 – Risk Management (pages 27-28);  

AR 2020 – Corporate Governance: Risk 

Management and Internal Controls (page 20) 

SR 2020 – Our Society: Business Conduct and Ethics 

(page 15) 

102-12 

External initiatives 

1. ISO 9001:2015 

2. OHSAS 18001:2007 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

1. Singapore Metal &amp; Machinery Association 

2. Singapore Business Federation 

 

 

 

 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision 

maker 

SR 2020 – Board Statement (page 4) 

 

 

 

 

 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and 

norms of behaviour 

SR 2020 – Our Society: Business Conduct and Ethics 

(page 15) 

 

 

 

 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

AR 2020 – Corporate Governance: Board Matters 

(pages 8–17); Accountability and Audit (pages 20-

23) 

SR 2020 – Board Statement (page 4) 

SR 2020 – Our Society: Business Conduct and Ethics 

(page 15) 

 


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

18 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

 

 

GRI Ref 

Disclosure Title 

Page References / Information 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR 2020 – Scope of Report (pages 4-5) 

102-41 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

N/A, our employees are not unionised 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

SR 2020 – Scope of Report (pages 4-5) 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

SR 2020 – Scope of Report (pages 4-5) 

AR 2020 – Corporate Governance Report:  

Shareholder Rights and Communication with 

Shareholders (pages 23-25) 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR 2020 – Scope of Report (pages 4-5) 

 

 

 

 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

AR 2020 – Notes to the Financial Statements – 

Notes 15: Investments in Subsidiaries (page 

62) 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries 

SR 2020 – Scope of Report (pages 4-5); 

Materiality Assessment (pages 5-6) 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR – Materiality Assessment (pages 5-6) 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

N/A 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

N/A 

102-50 

Reporting period 

1 January 2020 – 31 December 2020 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

23 May 2020 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Yearly 

102-53 

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report 

Investor Relations Contact: 

Octant Consulting 

Tel: (65) 6296 3583  

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance 

with GRI Standards 

SR 2020 – Scope of Report (pages 4-5) 

102-55 

GRI Content index 

GRI Content Index (pages 17-20) 

102-56 

External assurance 

N/A 

 

 

 

 

Management Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary 

 

SR 2020 – Our Customers, Our Suppliers, Our 

People, Our Shareholders, Our Products and 

Services and Our Society (pages 7-16) 

103-2 

The management approach and 

its components 

 

SR 2020 – Our Customers, Our Suppliers, Our 

People, Our Shareholders, Our Products and 

Services and Our Society (pages 7-16) 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

 

SR 2020 – Our Customers, Our Suppliers, Our 

People, Our Shareholders, Our Products and 

Services and Our Society (pages 7-16) 

 

 


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

19 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

 

 

TOPIC-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES 

 

GRI Ref 

Disclosure Title 

Page References / Information 

Material Aspect:  Economic Performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated 

and distributed 

AR 2020 – Financial Highlights (page 4); 

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss 

and Other Comprehensive Income (page 

36); Statements of Changes in Equity (page 

38); Notes to the Financial Statements 

(pages 40-80) 

201-2 

Financial implications and other risks 

and opportunities due to climate 

change 

AR 2020 – Risk Management (pages 27-28) 

 

201-3 

Defined benefit plan obligations and 

other retirement plans 

AR 2020 – Notes to the Financial 

Statements – Note 8: Employees Benefits 

Expense (page 56) 

 

Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) 

contributions are duly made by the Group 

on behalf of eligible employees in 

accordance with the Singapore 

government’s mandated requirement for 

all employers. 

201-4 

Financial assistance received from 

government 

Wage Credit, Special Employment Credit, 

Job Support Scheme and COVID-19 related 

rent concessions from lessor 

 

 

 

 

Material Aspect: Anti-Corruption  

 

 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption 

and actions taken 

SR 2020 – Our Society: Business Conduct 

and Ethics (page 15) 

 

 

 

 

Material Aspect: Materials 

 

 

301-1 

Materials used by weight or volume 

SR 2020 – Our Products and Services  

(pages 13-14) 

 

 

 

 

Material Aspect: Socio-Economic Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and 

economic area 

SR 2020 – Our Society (pages 14-16) 

 

 

 

 

Material Aspect: Employment 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee 

turnover 

SR 2020 – Our People (pages 9-11) 


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

20 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

 

 

GRI Ref 

Disclosure Title 

Page References / Information 

Material Aspect: Labour/Management Relations 

402-1 

Minimum notice periods regarding 

operational changes 

In the event of termination, a minimum 

notice period of one to three months needs 

to be fulfilled, depending on the 

employee’s job position.  

 

 

 

 

Material Aspect: Training and Education 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading employee 

skills and transition assistance 

programs 

SR 2020 – Our People: Training and 

Development (page 10) 

404-3 

Percentage of employee receiving 

regular performance and career 

development reviews 

Yearly performance appraisal for all 

permanent full-time employees 

 

 

 

 

Material Aspect: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees 

SR 2020 – Our People: Diversity and 

Equality (pages 10-11) 

 

 

 

 

 

 


ASIA ENTERPRISES HOLDING LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

21 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

COMPANY REG NO: 200501021H 

 

3 PIONEER SECTOR WALK │ SINGAPORE 627897 

TEL (65) 6223 6377 │ FAX (65) 6861 9486 

www.asiaenterprises.com.sg 

 



 

