


SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 2019

Your environment is your new playground


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

2



Content

Corporate Profile   

 

 

About this Report  

 

 

 

 

 

 

Message from the President &amp; Group Chief Executive Officer 

 

 

 

Approach to Sustainability  

 

 

 

 

 

Materiality Assessment  

 

 

 

 

United Nations Sustainable Development Goals 

Environment  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Social  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Market Responsibility  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Content Index 

 

03

06

07

09

11

12

13

23

38

41


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

3

Aspen (Group) Holdings Limited (“AG” and together with its 

subsidiaries, the “Group”), founded in 2013, is one of the leading 

and fast-growing property groups headquartered in Malaysia. In 

2017, just four years after inception, AG was listed on the Catalist 

Board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited  

(the “SGX-ST”). 

Corporate Profile

AG is renowned for redefining the property 

landscape in Malaysia by launching the country’s 

first private-initiated affordable housing (TRI 

PINNACLE) and developing the Northern Region’s 

third satellite city - Aspen Vision City in Batu 

Kawan. The Group has a diversified range of 

developments at strategic locations in the 

Northern Region of Malaysia at a total gross 

development value of approximately RM3.7 billion 

as at December 2019. 

AG’s flagship project, Aspen Vision City, a 245-

acre freehold mixed development project in 

Bandar Cassia, Batu Kawan is a joint-partnership 

with IKEA Southeast Asia &amp; Mexico with a total 

gross development value of over RM13 billion 

and features the first IKEA Store in the Northern 

Region of Malaysia. 

Driven by a purposeful vision and powered by a 

dynamic team, AG is poised to serve its customers, 

generate long-term value for stakeholders and 

contribute to the broader public by implementing 

sustainability efforts in all its endeavours, 

business practices and projects.


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

4

Our Vision

To be recognised as one of the key forces shaping the property 

development industry through quality and affordability. 

Our Mission

To champion the empowerment of people by offering unequalled 

quality and affordable real estate.

Our Manifesto

To Redefine Living 

Where others see an empty spot, we set it as a scene for growth. When a place seems exclusive to many, 

we design the catalysts for change. When most would run from an old brick wall, we transform it into a 

gateway of possibilities.

To Redefine Values 

We embrace the courage to dare to be different. We enable the freedom to experiment with ideas that 

push beyond boundaries. We empower creativity to engineer smarter living solutions.

To Redefine Thinking 

We believe that prime real estate can be made accessible to everyone. We imagine how personal style 

and preferences can be developed on a big scale. We know that powerful business partnerships are 

within reach of a young developer.

To Redefine Connection 

We bring a fresh perspective to the relationship between people and their environment. We bridge the 

gap between current market trends and forward-thinking technology. We broaden our landscape from 

building affordable homes to innovating sustainable metropolises for communities of the future.

Vision, Mission and Manifesto


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

5

Be a Catalyst for Positive Change

Our benchmark is to deliver products that elevate the standard of living. Before we embark on any 

work, we challenge ourselves with the question, “Will our actions spark positive change by making life 

better for people?”. Every plan is thought through in detail and measured against this benchmark before 

proceeding. To be a catalyst for positive change is the mantra that shapes our attitude towards work, 

and the way we relate to one another.

Build on Relationships

We are committed to open communication and acting with integrity in all our relationships: for every 

customer we build a home for; every business partner and vendor we do business with; every Aspenian; 

and with people we have yet to meet. We do our best to ensure that every interaction builds into a loyal, 

long-term relationship that is mutually beneficial.

Collaborate To Innovate

Our business model is to deliver best-in-value solutions and services through new opportunities, smart 

ideas and strategic collaborations. To achieve our business model, we innovate to breathe new life into 

what we have to work with, and we encourage Aspenians to be innovative thinkers who challenge and 

redefine the status quo. This mentality, together with our business model, is the blueprint upon which 

we build our organisation and nurture our people.

Be Community-Conscious

As a property developer, the work we do has a social impact that goes beyond building bricks and 

blocks. We are in a position to think of communities holistically, and besides our plans to develop cities 

of the future to benefit the community, our Corporate Conscience Programme gives Aspenians the 

opportunity to reach out and connect to those that may be less fortunate or are in need of extra help. 

We coordinate activities through charitable campaigns, educational activities and contribution, as well 

as environmental and socio-cultural programmes that give us the privilege of serving the community 

as part of our work life.

Core Values

Our Values

These values define our culture, guide the way we treat

each other and how we run our business.

Our people live by these core values, which enable us to focus on 

creating innovative products, making ethical decisions, building 

relationships with customers and business associates, and taking 

accountability for our actions. 


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

6



About This Report

Scope of the Report

The board of directors (the “Board”) of the Group is pleased to present its second sustainability report 

in line with the SGX-ST guideline on Sustainability Reporting. This report provides an overview of 

the Group’s commitment and approach towards sustainability through its operations and business 

practices in the property development industry. It covers the material Environment, Social and 

Governance (“ESG”) factors relevant to the Group’s development projects across Malaysia undertaken 

by the Group’s subsidiary companies including Aspen Vision City Sdn. Bhd. and Aspen Vision Builders 

Sdn. Bhd. during the 12-month period from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019. Please refer to 

page 30 of AG’s Annual Report 2019 for the entire list of entities that are included in the consolidated  

financial statements. 

Reporting Framework 

This report has been prepared in accordance with Rule 711B of the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist Rules”) and is guided by the 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards – Core option, the international standard for sustainability 

reporting (“GRI Standards”). We have chosen the GRI Standards reporting guidelines as it covers a 

comprehensive range of ESG sustainability disclosures. A GRI index included at the end of the report 

indicates the location of the relevant disclosures. This report complies with the requirements of the 

Sustainability Reporting Guide in Practice Note 7F of the Catalist Rules.

Assurance 

AG has not obtained any independent assurance on the information being reported in this report. It is 

entirely based on our internal data monitoring and verified to be accurate to the best of our knowledge. 

Going forward, we may consider obtaining independent assurance in the future to further enhance our 

reporting process. 

Feedback 

We value and welcome feedback to continuously improve our sustainability reporting and 

practices. If you wish to provide comments or feedback, please send your comments or feedback  

to corporate@aspen.com.my


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

7



Message from the President &amp; 

Group Chief Executive Officer

“We have always nurtured a growing commitment to the well-being 

of the community that we live in and the communities that we  

are building.”

Dear Stakeholders, 

I 

am 

pleased 

to 

present 

Aspen 

Group’s 

Sustainability Report for 2019, which outlines our 

efforts, pursuits and initiatives towards upholding 

the Group’s sustainability objectives.

While we remain resolute in our responsibility 

to achieve our sustainability goals through 

operational and business practices, we at AG 

continue to embrace change and be energised by 

it. This dual-edged strategy has served us well 

and has created significant momentum for us 

over the past seven years.

As a corporation, we have always nurtured a growing 

commitment to the well-being of the community 

that we live in and the communities that we are 

building. This is evident in the evolving initiatives 

and activities we continuously implement, that 

have yielded significant ripple impact such as our 

Umbrella Sharing Initiative Campaign.

Vervea commercial precinct was recognised 

by the prestigious Malaysia Book of Records 

for having the ‘Largest and Longest Ethylene 

Tetrafluoroethylene (ETFE)’ roof canopy on 

24 March 2019. It was purpose-built to deflect 

heat, and simultaneously allow the interior to be 

bathed in warm and natural lights, to enhance the 

richness of human activities.

Internally, we continue to invest in our people 

by providing a safe, respectful and rewarding 

workplace for our co-workers even as we 

continue to build a company that is dedicated 

to excellence, environmental responsibility and 

ethical behaviour. Strategic trainings to maximise 

human resource potential, co-wokers engagement 

activities to foster stronger relationships and 

team building exercises are conducted regularly 

to nurture our people’s morale and team spirit.

We chalked up another victory for recycling, 

when the Group introduced the timely practice 


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

8



of reducing single-use plastic among Aspenians 

as well as our contractors to reduce waste in our 

work environment. We hope that it will play a role 

in defeating the throw-away culture and educate 

people on the importance of using resources 

wisely.

As part of our redefining DNA, we are constantly 

and strategically adapting to meet the demands 

of our evolving world. In anticipation of such 

changes in the way we will live in the future, we take 

steps to enhance our projects by incorporating 

green initiatives as well as advanced features and 

facilities.

I firmly believe that we are defined not only by 

the projects we build but by the support services 

we provide to our customers. Providing ongoing 

support means being closer to our customers, 

ensuring a more effective working relationship, 

providing the highest level of expertise and 

advice and never losing sight of our commitment.

In 2019, we experienced our fair share of ups 

and downs, but through it all we maintained 

the commitment and the capacity to forge on 

undeterred. This served to reinforce our position 

as one of Malaysia’s new breed of corporations 

that is innovative and quick on our feet, with the 

wisdom to be cautious when we should and bold 

when it counts.

Our formidable business model and evolving 

mindset continue to be our strengths as 

we continue to champion our sustainability 

objectives while staying true to our vision of 

building an organisation that has a deeper 

purpose beyond profit alone.

At the time of writing this message, the 

foreseeable future is filled with uncertainties, 

and the business landscape has changed in ways 

we could not have imagined. Yet I am emboldened 

by the truth that we can overcome challenges by 

embracing the reality of situations and exploring 

new ways to operate our business, using our 

resources in a wise and discerning manner.

I am deeply grateful to all our stakeholders for 

their continued trust and support throughout 

2019. I would also like to thank the Board, 

management team and co-workers, as well as 

external stakeholders and associates for being 

our support system.

Dato’ M. Murly

President &amp; Group Chief Executive Officer


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

9

Approach to Sustainability

Governance

The Board oversees all corporate governance and operational matters relating to the Group. For the 

management of corporate sustainability issues, the Board is supported by the Corporate Sustainability 

Committee (the “CSC”) comprising key management of the Group and chaired by the Chief Financial 

Officer. The CSC is responsible for consolidating information relating to sustainability risks identified 

through stakeholders. Key sustainability developments and performance are directly reported by the 

CSC to the Board on an annual basis. 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY COMMITEE

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

CHIEF

OPERATIONG

OFFICER

OPERATIONS DIRECTOR, 

CORPORATE PLANNING, 

COMMUNICATION &amp; 

MARKETING

HEAD OF LEGAL 

&amp; CORPORATE

AFFAIRS

HEAD OF GROUP 

HUMAN RESOURCE

&amp; ADMINISTRATION

Board Statement

The Group recognises the importance of sustainability in its business and is committed to incorporating 

the key principles of ESG in formulating its business practices. The Board provides oversight of the 

selection, management and monitoring of material ESG factors that are relevant to the Group. The 

Board is responsible for this report and recognises the evolving environmental and social changes that 

impact our business activities.


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

10

Stakeholders

Method of Engagement

Topics Raised

The Group’s Response

Co-workers

• Regular co-workers 

 engagement surveys

• Regular meetings and briefings 

• Yearly performance appraisal 

• Communication 

• Workplace environment 

• Learning and  

 development 

• Welfare of co-workers

• Enhance communication  

 methods

• Enhance workplace  

 environment 

• Provide training and  

 development courses

• Provide recreational, wellness  

 and team-building activities 

Customers / 

Homebuyers

• Product launches and promotions 

• Regular engagement via  

 websites, e-mails, social  

 media platforms and  

 mobile applications

• Customer experience 

• Product quality 

• Provision of special  

 customers’ relation team

• Provide enhanced facilities  

 and amenities for occupants’  

 comfort and convenience

Shareholders  

&amp; Investors

• Annual General Meeting

• Extraordinary General Meeting

• Annual Report

• Sustainability Report

• Announcements through  

 SGXNet

 

• Corporate governance

• Corporate Social  

 Responsibilities

• Financial performance 

• Ensure compliance with  

 Catalist Rules and Code of  

 Corporate Governance 

• Risk management framework 

Regulators/  

Government 

• Regular site visits and  

 inspections 

• Health and safety  

 compliance

• Environmental  

 compliance 

• Implement an Environmental,  

 Health and Safety Committee

• Regular reporting to regulators  

 on compliance issue 

Contractors

• On-site meetings 

• Occupational health  

 and safety 

• Regular site visits and  

 inspections to advocate  

 best practice 

 

Community

• Charity and fundraising events 

• Social media and website

• Impact of property  

 development on the  

 environment

• Corporate Social  

 Responsibility programmes

 

Stakeholder Engagement

Knowing and understanding the expectations and concerns of our stakeholders is critical for the long-

term success of the Group. The CSC identifies the Group’s key stakeholders through a systematic 

stakeholder analysis and mapping exercise based on the Group’s impacts on them both directly 

and indirectly and their importance to the success and continuity of our business. The CSC reviews 

its approach annually to ensure that the Group is up to date with its stakeholders and its method  

of engagement.

Our significant stakeholders, how we engage with them and address their expectations are summarised 

in the table below: 


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

11

Materiality Assessment

By applying the relevant GRI Standards, we were able to identify and prioritise sustainability topics 

to report. The materiality assessment was conducted through a series of engagement sessions with 

internal stakeholders and studying existing feedback of external stakeholders. The material topics 

determined in the Group’s previous sustainability report were deemed to be relevant and current by 

the Board and the CSC. Accordingly, the Group’s sustainability efforts for year 2019 have been applied 

towards the following eight material topics: 1) Energy and Emission; 2) Waste Management; 3) Human 

Capital Management; 4) Talent Management; 5) Occupational Health and Safety; 6) Community 

Development; 7) Product Quality; and 8) Corporate Governance, Ethics and Anti-Corruption. 

A materiality matrix is used to prioritise the Group’s efforts in tackling the eight material topics. The 

findings of the assessment have been plotted in the materiality matrix based on their impact to the 

Group’s business and against their importance to stakeholders (Figure 1). There is no change in the 

level of relevance of each of the material topics from the assessment made in the Group’s previous 

sustainability report.

• Energy and Emmission

• Waste Management

• Occupational Health

 and Safety

• Product Quality

• Human Capital

 Management

• Talent Management

• Corporate Governance,  

 Ethics and  

 Anti-Corruption

• Community

 Development

Medium

Relevance to Group

High

Low

Medium

Level of Stakeholders Concern

High

Low



Figure 1 Group Materiality Matrix


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

12

United Nations Sustainable Development Goals

In 2015, members of the United Nations unanimously adopted the 

Sustainable Development Goals (“SDGs”) which are a collection of 17 

global goals designed to be a blueprint to build a more sustainable, 

safer and more prosperous planet for all humanity by 20301. The goals 

balance the economic, social and environmental pillars of development. 

As a responsible corporate citizen, we have a key role to play in achieving 

the SDGs. To that end, we are aligning our business and sustainability 

strategies to meet the relevant SDGs. We have identified 11 SDGs that are 

relevant to our business operations and our contributions are highlighted 

below. These contributions to the SDGs will help us to create a more 

sustainable business, whilst improving the world we live in.  

SDG

AG's CONTRIBUTIONS

• Our Group is committed to promoting gender equality within the  

 workforce. Our female co-workers have an equitable and competitive  

 opportunity for salaries, promotions and career development.

•   We offer competitive remuneration packages to our co-workers in 

 addition to training opportunities for growth and career development.

• We promote a healthy work-life balance by offering free gym  

 memberships and fitness programmes to maintain co-workers  

 well-being.

•   Our recruitment and selection policy ensure a structured and non- 

 discrimination recruitment process at all levels regardless of gender, 

 age, race, religion etc.

•   Our Group has in place business ethics that prevent the incidence of  

 child labour or forced labour. 

•  The Group implements rainwater harvesting system into its  

 development projects, realising that freshwater is a precious and  

 important commodity that is crucial to our daily life.

•  The Group is fully committed to promoting green construction in  

 our built environment and achieving the Green Building Index which  

 is a system to rate and certify the construction of green buildings  

 in Malaysia. 

•  We offer unequalled quality and affordable real estate for everyone.  

 We also launched Malaysia’s first private-initiated affordable  

 housing (TRI PINNACLE).

•  To reduce the use of plastic, the Group introduced the ‘SAY NO TO  

 PLASTIC - If you cannot REUSE it, REFUSE it!’ programme among  

 Aspenians as well as our construction workers to reduce waste and  

 maintain the cleanliness of the sites. 

•  We strive to reduce our environmental footprint by closely monitoring  

 our energy use and adopting energy-saving measures throughout our  

 business operations.

•  The Group adopts a zero-tolerance policy against bribery and  

 corruption.

























 1 https://www.un.org/ga/search/view_doc.asp?symbol=A/RES/70/1&amp;Lang=E


Environment

Energy &amp; Emission

Introduction of 

buggies to our  

sales gallery

Achieved GBI 

Certification  

for Vervea

1,881

Trees

215

Palms

386,500

Shrubs 



Waste Management

Adopted a closed-

loop approach in our 

construction design

Introduced recycling 

campaign to our 

contractors


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

14

Energy and Emission

Why this is Material 

The Group is committed to managing its carbon footprint and energy consumption to improve 

operational efficiency and be in line with national policies. 

At the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference, the Malaysian government adopted the 

Paris Agreement which aims to strengthen the global response to the threat of climate change2. 

Under the agreement, Malaysia is committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 45% by 

2030 in relation to Malaysia’s 2005 gross domestic product. In order to achieve its greenhouse 

gas reduction target by 2030, the Malaysian government has introduced numerous initiatives/

programmes. One such initiative was the introduction of the Green Technology Master Plan 

2017-20303 (“GTMP”), which aims to reduce the country’s carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions by 25% 

in the next 13 years and address the threat of the carbon discharge on human health and the 

environment.

Besides the reduction of CO2, the GTMP also focuses on improving water efficiency and savings 

through integrated water management such as rainwater harvesting systems and smart 

monitoring of water usage to facilitate sustainable development. Under the GTMP, the Malaysian 

government has also recognised the need for addressing efficiency in electricity generation and 

consumption. Recommendations include enhancing the energy planning framework to leverage 

on technologies such as the Internet-of-Things (“IoT”) and electric vehicles among others.

Further, Malaysia also promotes green construction in the country with the introduction of 

the Green Building Index (“GBI”). GBI is a system to rate and certify the construction of green 

buildings in Malaysia. According to the GBI, a green building focuses on increasing the efficiency 

of resource use – energy, water and materials – while reducing building impact on human health 

and the environment during the building’s life cycle, through better siting, design, construction, 

operation, maintenance and removal. 

It is important that the Group aligns our business strategy towards achieving these government 

targets and initiative which would allow the Group to do its part in protecting the environment 

and at the same time, reduce operational costs and develop competitive advantage.











Energy Management

The Group’s primary environmental footprint is related to electricity consumption and water  

consumption in our head office. As part of good energy management, we closely monitor our 

energy use on a regular and timely basis to spot any irregularities from the average use and make  

changes where necessary.

2  https://treaties.un.org/Pages/ViewDetails.aspx?src=TREATY&amp;mtdsg_no=XXVII-7-d&amp;chapter=27&amp;clang=_en

3 https://www.pmo.gov.my/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/Green-Technology-Master-Plan-Malaysia-2017-2030.pdf


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

15

Jan-19

May-19

Sep-19

Mar-19

Jul-19

Nov-19

Feb-19

Jun-19

Oct-19

Apr-19

Aug-19

Dec-19

Consumption (meter cube)

Month

0

5,000

10,000

15,000

20,000

25,000

ELECTRICITY CONSUMPTION

19,038

21,967

17,463

23,017

22,668

19,894

19,212

21,075

20,291

18,772

20,784

20,322

Note: The water bill is chargeable to the Group every two (2) months.

Jan-19

May-19

Sep-19

Mar-19

Jul-19

Nov-19

Feb-19

Jun-19

Oct-19

Apr-19

Aug-19

Dec-19

Jan-20

Consumption (meter cube)

Month

0

200

400

600

800

711

797

674

609

711

504

698

WATER CONSUMPTION

The Group also continuously educates our co-workers on the importance of environmental awareness 

in the workplace and adopting simple measures which they can take to conserve energy (e.g. switching 

off air conditioning, lighting and office equipment that are not in use and turning off the water taps after 

use). The importance of saving energy are frequently communicated to our co-workers via electronic 

newsletter articles. To emphasise energy savings, posters are placed throughout our corporate office. 

The use of fuels for vehicles is one of the largest sources of carbon emissions around the globe. In 

an effort to reduce our carbon footprint, the Group introduced the use of buggies to our sales gallery 

in Batu Kawan. The buggies are powered by rechargeable electric batteries and are a sustainable 

alternative to vehicles that emit CO2. Replacing conventional vehicles, the buggies are primarily used 

to give potential buyers a guided tour around our development at Aspen Vision City. 


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

16





Achieving GBI status

The Group is fully committed to promoting sustainability in our built environment. On that note, in 2019, 

the Group achieved GBI Certification for Vervea, the first phase of the Aspen Vision City masterplan. 

In order to achieve GBI Certification, the building and construction of Vervea have adhered to GBI 

requirements to become a green and sustainable world-class business precinct. This is in line with the 

target set by the Group in its previous sustainability report. The Group hopes that Vervea will lead the 

way in sustainable development and lifestyle at Bandar Cassia, Batu Kawan. 

We are also on target to achieving the GBI status for Vertu Resort. With regards to Beacon Executive 

Suites, the Group will not be pursuing the GBI status as previously targeted due to the development 

not being commercially viable to do so. We also expect the completion of Vertu Resort and Beacon 

Executive Suites to be delayed by a few months from the initial targeted completion date of Q4 2020 to 

Q2 2021 due to the delays brought about by the Covid-19 pandemic.

Sustainable Landscapes

The Group recognises that a well thought-out landscape design can play a crucial role in addressing growing 

concerns over environmental sustainability. In that regard, we work towards achieving a sustainable 

landscape in our developments that are visually pleasing, environmentally sound and cost-efficient. 

A big part of any sustainable landscape design is its plantation. By selecting the right plant for the  

right place, we can reduce the need for water, fertilizer, pesticides and maintenance. It is also  

important to choose trees and plants which are not invasive and could have an adverse impact on the 

surrounding ecosystem.

In most of our developments, the Group strives to include palm trees for its inherent value to the overall 

landscape design. Palm trees are well known in combating desertification, conserving soil from erosion. 

They can also reduce pollutants and dust, work as a windbreak and can prevent glaring from tall buildings 

with glass façades. Most importantly, palm trees have broadleaves which provide shade from the sun 

and will contribute to reducing the atmospheric temperature which in turn could lead to reduction in 

electricity consumption related to cooling. We also incorporate other types of trees and plants which are 

both economical and environmentally-friendly in our developments. The Group’s overall efforts and the 

most common species of trees and plants used in our developments in year 2019 are presented in Table 1.


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

17



Project List

Palm Tree Species

Shrubs Species

Other Tree Species

Vervea

Livistona Rotundifolia

Duranta Repens 'Gold'

Caesalpinia Ferrea

Central Island Park

Cocos Nucifera

Ruellia Brittoniana

Khaya Senegalensis

Aspen Vision City 

Sales Gallery

Livistona Rotundifolia

Ficus Gold

Garcinia Subelliptica

Aspen Vision City 

Streetscape

Wodyetia Bifurcata

Carmona Retusa &amp;

Loropetalum 

Chinense

Samanea Saman

TRI PINNACLE

-

Phyllanthus 

Myrtifolius

Syzygium 

Polyanthum

Total

215

386,500

1,881

We are also committed to conserving the natural habitat of the areas we develop. During the land 

clearing phase, we try to relocate mature trees and transplant them to form part of the final landscape 

of our developments. For instance, the Group transplanted an approximately 100-years-old Ficus Tree 

found on Aspen Vision City development land to the Central Island Park.

Green Environment Initiative 

As part of the Group’s ongoing Green Environment Initiative, Vervea was designed to have a human-

environment connection to ensure that the development thrives sustainably. Some of the highlights 

features include the following:- 

(i) Energy management 

Vervea features smart facilities built on a wireless technology platform, on which an IoT network is 

built. The platform enables unprecedented levels of connectivity and integration at Vervea and Aspen 

Vision City. Two examples of Vervea’s smart infrastructure that employ such technology include Smart 

Street Lighting and Smart Metering.

Table 1: Common species of trees and plants used in our developments in year 2019


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

18



The Smart Street Lighting is an advanced, cost-effective and sustainable street-lighting system. 

Different from the traditional systems based on stationary illuminations and timers and that can 

only turn lights on or off, Smart Street Lighting has the ability to dim lighting, control runtime and 

switch the lights on or off depending on real-time situation. It is an intuitive system that continuously 

provides accurate status and feedback to operators, enabling outages to be looked into immediately. 

This system’s multiple benefits include effective use of energy, lower maintenance and operating 

expenses resulting in cost savings. As it uses less energy, it also reduces CO2 emissions and is an 

environmentally-friendlier and more sustainable option. In addition, all power and lighting functions at 

Vervea use LED (light-emitting diode) in addition to smart lighting controls.

To further reduce dependence on electricity, all shop-office units at Vervea feature an impressive glass 

frontage that lends prestige to the façade while letting in natural light. Providing maximum exposure 

for businesses, the glass frontage which fulfils GBI criteria also keeps the sun’s heat out, minimising 

glare and eyestrain. 

Another smart feature built on the wireless technology platform is the Smart Metering which records 

electricity consumption through a chip embedded in the electrical meter in almost real-time (intervals 

of one hour between records) and sends the data back to the central command, resulting in highly 

accurate billing. The system is also capable of issuing alerts for irregular usage of appliances (such 

as air-conditioners), a message which will be sent to the registered mobile phone for verification. The 

direct result of Smart Metering includes cost saving due to the higher accuracy in the measurement of 

electricity consumption. 

Drivers at Vervea can look forward to a more enjoyable and stress-free drive with the development’s 

smart parking system. This is achieved via a smartphone application, GPS and real-time occupancy 

information that helps drivers find a proper parking spot. The system also supports cashless entry 

and exit in addition to the ability to reserve lots. Not only will it help drivers find parking spots, the 

system will also help ease congestion around the development. It is more environmentally-friendly 

as it reduces the need for vehicles to drive around looking for parking space and thereby reduces fuel 

consumption and CO2 emissions. 

Electric vehicles (“EVs”) offer a low-carbon alternative to conventional fuel-powered vehicles. Owning 

EVs, however, remains inconvenient due to the fact that there are too few charging stations. Visitors 

to Vervea would find it most expedient to charge their EVs while shopping or dining at the commercial 


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

19







precinct. The Group’s effort to strategically install the EV chargers across the development will hopefully 

encourage more people to consider buying plug-in EVs and play a role in saving the environment. 

To promote greener and healthier living, walkways at Vervea are adorned with lush greenery and 

dedicated bicycle lanes connecting the entire commercial precinct. Bicycling and walking are not just 

recreational activities, these options also help to reduce carbon footprint and traffic congestion.

The development also comes with a rainwater harvesting system that collects rainwater for landscape 

irrigation. The Group realised that freshwater is a precious and important commodity that is crucial to 

our daily life. The rainwater collected would be a viable option to reduce freshwater consumption and 

manage storm water, while at the same time save cost on landscape irrigation.

(ii) Green landscape concept 

Vervea is our latest development in Aspen Vision City which adheres to the Eco-City BatuKawan 

Guideline4 set by the Seberang Perai City Council. Being a fusion of nature and urban aesthetics, Vervea 

is touted as the ‘Garden Jewel’ of Aspen Vision City. Inspired by finely crafted jewellery, the ‘Garden 

Jewel’ landscape is split into four zones named after four precious gemstones namely Ruby, Sapphire, 

Diamond and Emerald. The landscape design is displayed in 4 different colours for each zone - Palace 

Purple, Marine Blue, Bright Cherry and Sun Gold. Landscape designs in each zone will also reflect 

the unique geometric patterns and angular lines of each stone. This form can be seen on sculptures, 

trellises and entry gateways. All four zones are linked by a system of bicycle paths and walkways, 

culminating in the central ‘green corridor’ – the High Street. 

4  https://www.mpsp.gov.my/brgonline/garispanduan/perancang/kejiranan-hijau.pdf


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

20

(iii) Durable and protective materials

Far from being just a commercial thoroughfare, Vervea’s 

High Street is a well thought-out, holistic approach to 

create a viable and sustainable space. The High Street 

features lush rows of trees under a record-setting canopy 

recognised by the Malaysia Book of Records for being 

the ‘Largest and Longest Ethylene Tetrafluoroethylene 

(ETFE)’ roof canopy in Malaysia5. The ETFE roof canopy 

keeps out the heat but allows the interior to be bathed in 

warm, natural lighting during the day. The whole walkway 

has also been designed to emulate a wind-tunnel to further aid air circulation. Strategically-placed jet-

fans provide additional ventilation and circulate even more fresh air throughout the entire tree-lined 

street. Parklets spread along the walkway provide sanctuaries for rest.

Due to its non-stick surface, ETFE is self-cleaning and recyclable. This roofing film is highly durable 

and can be stretched up to three times its original size and still not tear or lose its properties. It is also 

cost-efficient because tears can be repaired with a patch or multiple sheets of larger panels. Another 

positive property of ETFE is its resistance to ultraviolet (UV) light. In accelerated lab tests, the material 

has displayed almost no signs of deterioration after an equivalent of 30 years of exposure. This material 

is so resilient and tough, it is normally used in aircrafts and spacecrafts.

In addition, the development also uses low Volatile Organic Compounds (VOC) paint. Conventional 

paint usually contains high quantities of VOCs which can have an adverse effect on health and the 

environment. By contrast, low VOC paint creates less emissions, odour and can improve indoor air 

quality. In addition, VOC paint is also durable and has a washable finish.





5  http://malaysiarecords.com.my/records/16964/LONGEST-%C3%A2%E2%82%AC%CB%9CETHYLENE-TETRAFLUOROETHYLENE-(ETFE) 

   %C3%A2%E2%82%AC%E2%84%A2-ROOF-CANOPY

Targets moving forward 

• The Group targets to achieve 2% savings in its electricity consumption and water  

 

consumption within our corporate office in 2020.

•  The Group will continue to promote green construction and achieve GBI status and  

 

create sustainable landscape design for Vertu Resort in 2020.


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

21

Holistic Waste Management

To align with the national agenda, the Group has adopted a closed-loop approach in our construction, 

which allows materials and components to be reclaimed, reused and recycled multiple times during 

the life cycle. Using this approach, waste from one process will be the resource for another and in turn 

prevents unnecessary waste from being generated in the first place. Disposal of materials that cannot 

be reused and recycled to approved dumpsite/landfill is the last resort.

In order to successfully carry out this approach, acceptance from our co-workers is crucial. Hence, 

we carry out various awareness programmes among our co-workers in order to highlight the impacts 

of poor construction waste management on the environment. Our co-workers also undertake various 

training programmes to minimise waste where feasible and reuse materials that might otherwise 

become waste.

Implementing efficient waste management also requires the support of all the parties involved in a 

project. Hence, our consultants are required to identify opportunities for waste reduction in their designs 

and allow room for flexibility to cater for any future modification. Before the commencement of work, 

contractors are encouraged to establish a waste management framework and targets to minimise 

construction waste. The Group performs onsite monitoring and auditing in order to identify areas that 

can be improved.

The above efforts and initiatives undertaken by the Group are in line with the target set by the Group in its 

previous sustainability report to create awareness on the protection of the environment within the Group 

and amongst the contractors.

Waste Management 









6  https://www.pmo.gov.my/dokumenattached/speech/files/RMK11_Speech.pdf

7  https://www.mestecc.gov.my/web/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/Malaysia-Roadmap-Towards-Zero-Single-Use-Plastics-2018-20302.pdf

Why this is Material 

Potentially recyclable construction materials being directly disposed of in landfills can lead to 

significant waste generation and have a negative impact on the environment. In the 11th Malaysia 

Plan6 and the GTMP, the Malaysian government echoed this concern and emphasised on a more 

holistic construction waste management based on the life cycle approach in order to minimise 

waste and move towards sustainable construction practices. 

The Group recognises that efficient waste management is an essential aspect of sustainable 

development and can also help to maximise the profits of a project and lower costs. 

The Group also strives to reduce single-use plastic which is hazardous to the environment 

given its non-biodegradable nature. It is important that the Group plays a part in achieving the 

targets set in Malaysia’s Roadmap Towards Zero Single-use Plastics 2018-20307 which is a policy 

developed by the Ministry of Energy, Science, Technology, Environment and Climate Change 

(MESTECC) with the aim of ensuring environmental sustainability and eliminating the use of 

single-use plastic by 2030. 

Solid waste is another key concern especially to mixed developments and townships undertaken 

by the Group. Therefore, a well-managed waste collection system is required to upkeep the 

cleanliness and maintain a hygienic level in the developments.


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

22

Reduction of Plastic Usage

In year 2018, the Group launched a ‘SAY NO TO PLASTIC - If you 

cannot REUSE it, REFUSE it!’ campaign among our co-workers to 

reduce the use of plastic. We also advocate waste separation among 

co-workers. To that end, recycling bins are strategically placed in our 

corporate offices. In line with the target set in the Group’s previous 

sustainability report, the Group has introduced biodegradable 

plastic bags and recycle bags in our office environment which is 

more eco-friendly. Further, we have implemented the 3R practice of 

“Reduce, Reuse and Recycle” within the Group to reduce pollution 

and waste products in landfills.

This year, we went one step further and introduced the practice of 

reducing single-use plastic to our contractors as well. Improper 

disposal of plastic bags and bottles all over the site, drain and 

surrounding areas had created a hygiene and wastages issue. The 

Group now requires all our contractors to collect and segregate all 

recyclable material wastes at the site. The contractors must then 

provide or keep a record of receipts of the materials that were 

sent out to the recycling plant, failing which will attract a penalty. 

Contractors are expected to educate all their workers on recycling 

purposes, types of recycling bins available at the site, and maintain 

site cleanliness. The use of biodegradable plastic bags as an 

alternative is also encouraged.

Introduction of Automated Waste Collection System (AWCS)

The Group strives to introduce AWCS to its developments. Whether in an office building, retail park, 

hotel, convention centre, transportation terminals or recreational park, AWCS is able to consolidate 

waste from multiple loading stations and directly transport it into a sealed container located away 

from the development area through the application of vacuum technology. This enables the freeing up 

of valuable space that can be best utilised for other purposes because less space is required to store 

waste. There are no more unsightly bins, unpleasant smells and vermin issues. Furthermore, residents 

and tenants will no longer have any concerns about the irregular timing of waste collection.

Moreover, AWCS can be controlled off-site and does not require additional labour. As such, the security 

level is significantly improved without garbage trucks and excessive labour to handle waste manually. 

The large amount of solid waste generated can now be handled in a more efficient way with this 

environmentally friendly system.



Targets moving forward 

Identifying measures that can be adopted in our projects to reduce waste 

generation at site.


Social

our co-workers 

are female

of the Group’s 

key management 

personnel are 

women

54%

our co-workers

are male

46%

59%

Human Capital Management

4,096

training hours 

were clocked by 

our co-workers

120

days maternity

leave

Talent Management

No incidents involving 

any permanent injuries 

or fatalities

Occupational Health and Safety

CSR Malaysia Awards 

2019 for Umbrella Sharing 

Initiative Campaign

St. Joseph’s 

Home 

Restoration

Community Development

Received Gold 

Premier Award  

from MOSHPA


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

24

Inspiring Women

Gendered mindset is the underlying prevention to the progress of women around the world, in leadership, 

at work and even at home. At AG, our female co-workers have an equitable and competitive opportunity 

for salaries, promotions and career development. The Group even allows female co-workers to opt 

for an extended 30 consecutive days of half-pay maternity leave in addition to the existing 90 days 

maternity leave (both are inclusive of rest days, off days and public holidays), supporting a working 

environment that empowers women and builds a robust talent pool amongst our female co-workers. 

Currently, 59% of the Group’s key management personnel are women, exceeding the national target of 

30% in the 11th Malaysia Plan.

Human Capital Management

GENDER PROFILE AT AG AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2019

Co-workers

Managerial

Non-managerial

54%

59%

46%

41%

50%

50%

Female

Female

Female

Male

Male

Male

Realizing Potential with Gender Diversity

Our Group’s commitment to promoting gender equality within the workforce is tangible at all levels of 

employment. Within an equal balance of both genders, a more comprehensive and integrative work 

environment is established. 







Why this is Material 

We recognise that human capital is the backbone of any organisation, therefore it is fundamental 

that we create a healthy working environment in order to maintain and increase productivity. In 

connection therewith, we strive to provide a fair, performance-based working environment that 

is diverse, inclusive and collaborative.

The Group strives to maintain a healthy, safe and fair work culture with an emphasis on co-worker 

engagement and to encourage co-worker participation in the organisation’s transformational 

journey of sustainability. In connection therewith, we align our policies with good employment 

practices to ensure that the rights of our co-workers are well protected. 


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

25

Age of Workforce

Our workforce is made up of co-workers of diverse ages, ranging from 25 to golden years. 37% of our 

workforce consists of co-workers aged 30 years and below, and 58% of them fall between the 31 to  

50-year bracket. Only 5% of co-workers are over 50 years old.

The Group’s young co-workers are more progressive, innovative and technology-savvy which allows 

them to adopt the fast-paced internal work environment and organisational culture. The Group’s young 

talents are essential in ensuring the continued delivery of excellence in products and services that 

exceeds the expectations of the young customer demographics of today and future generations. 

Whereas, the mature co-workers offer experience and skills that are crucial to the operations and 

management of the Group.

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

The Group is committed to creating jobs for the local community and this commitment is reflected 

in the democracy of the workforce. Despite the local context, our workforce consists of co-workers 

from various races and backgrounds. It is our basic philosophy to provide fair and equal employment 

opportunities for all job applicants and co-workers. Our recruitment and selection policy ensure a 

structured and non-discrimination recruitment process at all levels. In addition to bringing about a 

variety of different perspectives, such as racial and ethnic diversity will also enrich the Group’s culture 

and promote a positive and harmonious environment within the Group.

Remuneration

Our Group remunerates its co-workers in a manner that commensurates with the co-workers’ respective 

experiences, positions and competencies regardless of gender and this further reinforces the gender 

equality promoted by the Group. In addition, the Group also complies strictly with the minimum wage 

policy implemented by the Malaysian government. The Group’s salary structure is reviewed annually 

in line with general industry practice. Periodic benchmarking checks ensure that our salaries and total 

remunerations are competitive.

Organisational Structure

We endeavour to maintain an optimum organisational structure with 14% of the workforce in key 

management positions (encompassing Chief Executive Officer, Group Managing Director, Executive 

Director, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Financial Controller), 31% in managerial 

positions (encompassing Head of Department, Senior Managers, Managers and Assistant Managers) 

and 55% in the executive positions and non-executive positions.

WORKFORCE 

DISTRIBUTION BY AGE

30 years and below

31-50 years

51 years and above

37%

58%

5%


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

26

WORKFORCE 

DISTRIBUTION

BY EMPLOYMENT LEVEL

Key Management

Management

Executive

Non-Executive

7%

38%

41%

14%

Targets moving forward 

In line with the target set in the Group’s previous sustainability report, we have 

achieved a desirable diversity and equality within the workplace. The Group hopes to 

maintain the diversity and equality within the workplace by employing suitable and 

qualified candidates regardless of gender, age, race, religion etc. through competitive 

remuneration packages within the organisational structure of the Group.




ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

27

Talent Management

Co-workers’ Well-being and Benefits

In addition to competitive remuneration, our Group also focuses on structuring co-workers’ welfare 

and benefits package for our co-worker which include but is not limited to insurance coverage, 

healthcare benefits, increased maternity leave (120 days), paternity leave (30 days), marriage leave  

(3 days), compassionate leave (6 days) and examination leave (5 days).

We offer generous paid parental leave as a benefit to our co-workers to allow new mothers and fathers 

to adapt to this life-changing event. This incentive, especially for the younger workforce with growing 

families, gives us a competitive edge in recruitment as compared to organisations that only provide 

maternity leave. It is important for us to support our co-workers in meeting both workplace and 

personal needs as this will boost co-worker morale and productivity at work. 

As a Group, we strongly believe that maintaining a healthy work-life balance is not only important 

for co-worker well-being, but it can also improve co-worker productivity, ultimately performance. By 

prioritising the need for work-life balance, this creates a positive impact on co-worker retention and 

satisfaction, especially the millennials. 

 







Why this is Material 

Our Group recognises that the workplace’s welfare and benefits coupled with promising career 

advancement contribute significantly to our business sustainability.


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

28



To encourage our co-workers to maintain a work-life balance, our co-workers are offered free gym 

memberships and fitness programme at a local renowned fitness centre to maintain a healthy lifestyle. 

The Group also organises weekly exercise classes and sporting events such as Zumba and badminton.

 

Furthermore, our Group has also established a committee formed by our co-workers to help organise 

various activities such as bowling tournament, paintball, cycling, hiking and ATV rides to enable 

our co-workers to come together and spend time in activities that positively affect their well-being  

and lifestyle.

The above efforts and initiatives undertaken by the Group are in line with the target set in the Group’s 

previous sustainability report to introduce more wellness programmes to ensure that the co-workers 

health and wellness are taken care of. 

Highlights of Co-Worker Benefits

Leave

Health and

Insurance  

Coverage

Flexible Work

Arrangement

Transport

Others

• Annual

• Medical

• Maternity

• Paternity

• Examination

• Compassionate

• Marriage

• Prolonged Illness

• Group Personal 

 Accident

• Group  

 Hospitalisation  

 &amp; Surgical

• Co-Workers’  

 Insurance Coverage

• Outpatient Medical  

 Reimbursement

• Extended Maternity  

 Leave

• Company Car

• Car Allowance

• Travel Allowance

• Mileage 

• Company Provided 

 Refreshment

• Company Mobile 

 Phone and  

 Registered Line

• Professional 

 Membership Annual 

 Subscription Fees

• Co-workers Purchase 

 Discount/ Special 

 Packages


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

29

Engaging Co-Workers

Formal engagement activities under the Group’s 7 Habits of Highly Effective People module ensure co-

worker engagement in order to cultivate a trusting and conducive work environment. These engagements 

tend to be transparent as it involves co-workers at all levels in an interactive environment. Co-workers 

are able to share their views and thoughts with the key management personnel thus fostering mutual 

respect and a collaborative work relationship in the Group’s dynamic setup.

Relevant and constructive opinions from co-workers are translated into actions aimed at enhancing 

business strategies and daily operations. This empathetic and inclusive process allows voices from 

co-workers to generate valuable ideas and improvements for business sustainability.

Talent Development and Capacity Building

In line with the target set in the Group’s previous sustainability report, the Group continuously provides 

co-workers with various internal training programmes such as ‘Purposeful Leadership’ and ‘7 Habits of 

Highly Effective People’ to build their soft skills and knowledge so that they stay responsive to changes 

in the work environment and contribute optimally to the business. 

As part of talent management, our Group has in place a robust performance appraisal system that 

includes all eligible co-workers within the Group. During the yearly performance appraisals, the work 

performance of all co-workers from all employment levels are reviewed by their respective superiors, 

head of departments and key management personnel. 

Any identified gaps in co-workers’ career development are addressed and training plans are created for 

our co-workers. The training programmes are based on the specific needs of our co-workers and in line 

with their career progression within the organisation. Continuous individual development/improvement 

of the co-workers will in turn benefit our Group. 

As at the end of FY2019, a total of 4,096 training hours were clocked by our co-workers to enhance their 

knowledge at work or to contribute to their self-development. 




ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

30

Total training hours

Average training 

hours per co-worker 

4,096

25

KEY TRAINING PROGRAMMES

Leadership Development

Purposeful Leadership

7 Habits of Highly Effective People

Occupational Health and Safety

Certified Environmental Professional in Scheduled Waste Management

11th NRG-SHE OSH Conference and Exhibition 2019 – OSH for Future

Penang International Construction Conference 2019 – Safety and Innovation

Occupational First Aid and CPR (AED) Level 1

Accounting and Finance

National Tax Seminar 2019

A Practical Guide to Goods and Services Tax (GST) - Understanding the Fundamentals and Concepts 

and Avoiding the Common Pitfalls

Financial Reporting Standards – 2019 Annual Update

Quality Management

ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System Lead Auditor Training Course

Human Resource Management

Essential HR Laws for Employers and Managers

Valuing Our Co-Workers

Recognition is the key to co-worker loyalty. AG’s Long Service Awards reinforce best behaviours, 

highlight achievements and appreciate co-workers for their efforts and dedication.

Awards

2018

2019

5 Years Service Award - AG shares worth up to RM5,000

11

7

The Group’s co-workers are also afforded discounts/special packages when purchasing selected 

property in our projects.

Targets moving forward 

• The Group hopes to identify potential talent and successors to undergo leadership  

 

development plans in 2020. 

• The Group hopes to promote new wellness programmes to improve the health and  

 

performance of the co-workers.


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

31

Occupational Health and Safety

Implementation of Internal Policies and Practices

In compliance with the laws currently in force and guidelines devised by the Department of Occupational 

and Safety Health (DOSH), we have in place internal policies and practices and controls to manage and 

minimise the risks associated with the safety and health of our workplace.

Our Group’s ongoing initiatives in maintaining a safe and healthy workplace, inter alia, are as follows: - 

(a) identify and perform regular checks on potential safety and health risks and hazards;

(b) hold regular meetings and prepare monthly or quarterly safety and health reports for monitoring  

 

and management of the processes and risks and hazards;

(c) conduct investigations on all reported incidents that take place at the workplace and evaluation of  

 

the consequences prior to taking immediate corrective and preventive measures or actions;

(d) provide compulsory continuous safety and health training to all co-workers;

(e) conduct fire safety audits and drills; and

(f) take strict disciplinary action against violation of any safety and health rules and policies.

With this effective safety and health system overseen by the Group’s Safety Organisation represented 

in the figure below, our Group managed to meet its target set and maintain incidents involving any 

permanent injuries or fatalities at zero.

CHAIRMAN 

(PROJECT MANAGER)

ASSISTANT SECRETARY 

(SITE SAFETY OFFICER)

SECRETARY 

(SAFETY OFFICER)

MAIN CONTRACTOR 

REPRESENTATIVE

MAIN CONTRACTOR

REPRESENTATIVE

GROUP QUALITY

MANAGEMENT

REPRESENTATIVE



Why this is Material 

We are committed to doing everything within our abilities to ensure that the Health, Safety, and 

Environment (“HSE”) practices are met at all times. This applies to all personnel including our 

co-workers, contractors, clients, suppliers, visitors and others within our premises to safeguard 

their welfare and at the same time guard the Group against any legal liabilities.


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

32

We have also established a training programme to ensure that all our co-workers have adequate awareness, 

knowledge and skill to perform their tasks at the construction site. The training programme includes:

Stages

Training Provided

Topics/Items

Before co-workers 

arrive on site

• Construction Industry  

 Development Board (CIDB)  

 Green Card Induction Course

• Basic introductory briefing

• General HSE requirement

• Nature of works, hazards and  

 control measures

When co-workers 

arrive on site

• HSE Induction Course

• Site specific HSE rules and  

 regulations (Conducted by main  

 contractor personnel)

After completion of 

induction course

• HSE On Job Training

• Specific HSE provisions  

 (Conducted by main contractor  

 and assisted by AG personnel)

-  Use of Personal Protective  

 Equipment (“PPE”)

-  Approved working platform  

 and ladder

-  Chemical use

Our excellence in occupational safety and health management was recognised recently at the Malay-

sian Occupational Safety and Health Practitioners’ Association (MOSHPA) awards. The Group’s sub-

sidiary company Aspen Vision Builders Sdn. Bhd. received the Gold Premier awards in the category of 

‘OSH Management in Property Development’ on 13 September 2019.

HSE Requirements For Contractors 

HSE is one of our Group’s core values. We expect the same dedication to the HSE requirement from the 

Group’s contractors towards its agents, servants, employees or invitees. On that note, contractors shall 

take all reasonable steps to adopt, implement, and enforce rules and practices necessary for the safe 

and environmentally responsible performance of the contractors’ work.

The measures which the contractors are expected to take 

include, inter alia, the following: -

I. 

inform, educate, secure, implement and maintain  

 compliance by its agents, servants, employees or  

 invitees 

of 

all 

applicable 

laws 

and 

regulations  

 concerning HSE requirement; 

II. 

prior to the commencement of the work, participate in a  

 joint assessment of HSE hazards in respect of the work  

 to be undertaken; 

III. provide a sufficient number of relevant safety and  

 warning signage within the workplace, to remind of  

 safety requirement, regulations and hazards present;

IV. provide appropriate PPE, first aid and firefighting  

 facilities;

V. 

provide adequate training to ensure employees are  

 competent to do their work;

VI. communicate and consult with its workforce on a  

 regular basis on HSE matters; 

VII. develop 

an 

emergency 

response 

plan, 

conduct  

 emergency training and drills for the purpose of  

 emergency preparedness at the site; and

VIII. submit a monthly HSE performance report to AG for its  

 review.




ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

33



The Group closely audits contractors’ HSE performances and gauges their level of compliance against 

applicable requirements and provides a proactive measure to identify any area for improvements on the 

HSE arrangements being implemented. 

A penalty system is implemented for all contractors for non-compliance with HSE procedures and 

requirements. Penalties shall be issued for all major findings on site which has the potential to cause 

serious bodily injuries, death or dangerous occurrences. However, if there are any repeat issues on 

the non-compliances, the penalty will be doubled for failure to take remedial measures to eliminate or 

control the hazards on site. Contractors will be rewarded back with 50% of the penalty if they manage 

to score above 85% in total for any surprise audit results carried out by the Group from time to time.

Smart Surveillance

In line with the target set in the Group’s previous sustainability report, we implemented a smart  

surveillance and safety measure in our Vervea project. The system prevents untoward incidents  

through a video surveillance system that employs automatic video analysis technology. With its 

enhanced forensic capabilities, the system can conduct real-time search and tracking of people, 

objects or vehicles and identify unusual activities.

Targets moving forward 

To maintain zero incidents involving any permanent injuries or fatalities in 2020. 


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

34

Umbrella Sharing Initiative Campaign 

In 2019, the Group installed additional umbrella 

stands and umbrellas at more schools in Penang 

island, as part of the Group’s ongoing ‘Umbrella 

Sharing Initiative Campaign’ (“Campaign”) in 

Malaysia and Singapore. The Campaign was 

initiated by the Group for the purpose of raising 

public awareness and encouraging the creation 

of a sustainable cycle of umbrella sharing within 

the community. We believe that this initiative 

is able to foster the spirit of sharing and 

cooperation within the community.

Community Development







Why this is Material 

As a property developer, the work we do has a social impact that goes beyond building bricks 

and blocks. We have to think of communities holistically and connect to those that may be less 

fortunate or are in need of extra help. We aim to improve the quality of life and sustainability of 

the communities where we live and work.


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

35

With more connection points widely available, people can conveniently take an umbrella, use it and 

subsequently drop it off at the closest connection point. This initiative also serves as a way to educate 

the younger generations on spreading kindness within the community. The Campaign has captured 

attention on a national level in Malaysia and the Group was conferred ‘Company of The Year Award’ in 

the Overall Excellence - Property Development at the CSR Malaysia Awards 2019. 

AG umbrellas and umbrella stands have been strategically placed at significant locations with high 

foot-traffic as follows:

Bus Stands, Penang

1  Karpal Singh Drive

2  Opposite Gurney Plaza

 

(Jalan Kelawai)

3  In front of UOB Bank

 

(Jalan Kelawai)

4  In front of Island Plaza

5  In front of Penang Chinese Girls’

 

High School (Jalan Gottlieb)

6  In front of McDonald’s

 

(Jalan Dato Keramat)

7  Opposite Bank Negara

 

(Lebuh Light)

8  Opposite Sunshine Square

9  Opposite USM

 

(Jalan Sultan Azlan Shah)

10  In front of Krystal Point

11  In front of SJK (C) Union

 

(Jalan Burma)

12  Jalan Magazine (Turning in from

 

Lebuhraya Tun Dr. Lim Chong Eu)

Schools, Penang

1  Penang Chinese Girls’ High School

2  SJK (C) Union

3  SMK Convent Lebuh Light

4  Dalat International School

5  SMK Convent Datuk Keramat

6  Penang Free School

7  SMK Convent Pulau Tikus

8  SMK Convent Green Lane

Aspen Group

1  Aspen Group Head Office

2  Aspen Group Experience Centre

3  Aspen Vision City Sales Gallery

Admiralty, Singapore

1 Crossing near Block 679,

 

Woodlands Avenue 6 (Near

 

Admiralty MRT Station - Exit D)

2  Ace The Place Community Centre

 

&amp; Block 541, Woodlands Drive 16

3  Block 685 &amp; Block 691,

 

Woodlands Drive 73

Potong Pasir, Singapore

1  St. Andrew’s Junior College,

 

Side Gate

2  Next to Bus Stop 61089,

 

Between Block 138 /144,

 

Potong Pasir Avenue 3



Penang

Singapore


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

36

Thaipusam Booth for 

Hindu Devotees 

(24 January 2019)

In celebration of Thaipusam, the Group 

set up a booth opened to all devotees to 

join in this annual boisterous festival of 

worshiping Lord Murugan, with a series 

of colourful decorations, as well as 

beautiful performances. 

Dates Distribution During 

Ramadan Month 

(17 May 2019)

In conjunction with the auspicious 

Ramadan month, Aspenians distributed 

dates (kurma) to the public regardless 

of race and religion, to give back to the 

community. Dates were also distributed 

to the local authorities as a token of 

gratitude. During the Ramadan month, 

Muslims generally consume dates after 

long hours of fasting as they help in the 

digestive process and gives energy. 

Gym Refurbishment Sponsorship 

(28 January 2019)

In appreciation to our real life heroes, the 

Group had the opportunity to sponsor 

the refurbishment of Bagan Jermal Fire 

&amp; Rescue Station’s gymnasium building, 

now known as Aspen Group Gymnasium 

(AGYM). This refurbishment included 

upgrading the inner and outer façades, 

along with providing essential gym 

equipment in the hope to inspire them in 

continuing their noble works. 

St. Joseph’s Home Restoration 

(1 March 2019)

The Group responded to St. Joseph’s 

Home’s request to restore dilapidated 

parts of their building which houses 

43 children who are either orphans or 

from very poor socio-economic and 

psychological backgrounds. During 

the initial assessment carried out 

by our technical team, we found out 

that the ground floor male lavatory 

was completely closed due to unsafe 

condition and the first-floor male 

lavatory was being utilised at risk. 

These two facilities required a major 

rebuilding at a total cost of more 

than RM80,000. Having the children’s 

security in mind, we took it as our 

responsibility in making sure that the 

building housing these children is 

safe at all times. 









David Tao &amp; Shin 

Fans Meeting 

(24 November 2019)

Our Group was the main event sponsor 

and venue sponsor of the David Tao &amp; 

Shin fans meeting held at Vervea Trade 

&amp; Exhibition Centre (VTEC) in Penang. 

The fans meeting, which did not require 

any payment from fans, was organised 

in order to make up for the last-

minute cancellation of a performance 

scheduled by the duo earlier. However, 

due to limited capacity, diehard fans of 

the duo had to redeem their free tickets 

a week before the fans meeting. The 

fans were not disappointed as the duo 

serenaded them with their greatest hits.




ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

37

Butterworth Fringe Festival 2019 

(7 &amp; 8 December 2019) 

The Group was the proud Gold Sponsor 

of the Butterworth Fringe Festival 

2019 (“BFF”), an initiative led by the 

Seberang Perai City Council. BFF is a 

two-day, free-to-attend vibrant public 

street 

event 

celebrating 

the 

arts, 

culture and heritage of the classic 

enclave of mainland Penang, Malaysia. 

The festival is held annually with aims 

to bolster the growth of the arts and 

culture activities while unearthing local 

creative talents at the same time. 

PDC 50th Anniversary Fun Walk 

(30 November 2019) 

The 

Group 

sponsored 

20  

underprivileged children to participate 

in the PDC Fun Walk 2019 held 

in 

conjunction 

with 

PDC’s 

50th 

Anniversary Celebration. In a show of 

support for PDC, 20 Aspenians joined 

in the walk and simultaneously bonded 

among co-workers.





Targets moving forward 

This year we had exceeded our targeted number of community engagements and the Group remains 

committed to carrying out contributions that are innovative and sustainable to the community and 

environment to better serve the community. In that regard, we have targeted at least three events that 

we hope to carry out in 2020. 


Market 

Responsibility 

ISO 9001:2015 quality 

management system 

standards

Quality Assessment 

System in Construction 

(QLASSIC)

Product Quality

Corporate Governance, Ethics and Anti-Corruption

Reported 

incidents of 

corruption

0 


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

39

Quality Assurance

In 2017, our Group achieved the ISO 9001:2015 quality management system standards which help ensure 

our customers receive homes of the reliable and desired quality. Further, our Group has implemented 

the Quality Assessment System in Construction (QLASSIC) created by the Malaysian Construction 

Industry Development Board (CIDB). QLASSIC is a system or method designed and used to measure and 

evaluate the workmanship quality of a building construction work based on Malaysian Construction 

Industry Standard (CIS 7:2014); a quality assessment system for building construction works standard.

As part of our Group’s effort on quality assurance, our Group Quality Management performs audits and 

inspections as shown below and resolves any issues discovered as soon as possible. The collected 

data helps with our effort to implement stringent quality control measures to ensure the highest 

standards of product quality. 

Type of Audit/Inspection

Frequency

Quality &amp; Safety for all project sites

Monthly

Various departments within the Group

At least once a year

The above efforts have ensured that there is no non-compliance with any local laws and regulations 

which is in line with the target set in the Group’s previous sustainability report.

To further improve the quality of our products, our Group implements an electronic defects management 

system, Novade Quality application, for our completed projects. Available on desktop, iOS and Android, 

Novade Quality is an enterprise application facilitating tracking and management of defects and its 

rectification process during the defect liability period. With this system, homeowners are able to 

lodge unit defects, track and acknowledge defect rectification using their desktops, tablets or mobile 

devices. This application streamlines the rectification process after handover and boosts customer 

satisfaction. In line with the target set in the Group’s previous sustainability report, the Novade Quality 

application was implemented to our Vervea project. However, moving forward, the Group may consider 

other alternatives that could provide better customer experience.

Product Quality



Why this is Material 

Our Group is committed to delivering high quality homes to our homebuyers.

Targets moving forward 

Our Group will continue to assess the safety of all buildings developed by our Group to 

ensure there is no non-compliance with any local laws and regulations and deliver the 

highest quality products to our customers.


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

40

Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy 

The Group adopts a zero-tolerance policy against bribery and corruption. All co-workers of the Group 

are required to maintain the highest standards of integrity in their work and the same requirement 

extends to external parties. 

The Group continuously educates our co-workers on policies and practices relating to anti-bribery and 

corruption and provides training on how to manage various real-life situations.

Thus far, there have been no reported incidents of corruption involving the Group or its co-workers. 

Whistle-Blowing Policy 

A whistle-blowing policy and its procedures have been implemented which allows co-workers to raise 

concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters in confidence 

and ensures that there is an independent investigation of such matters and appropriate follow up 

action. Details of the whistle-blowing policy have been made available to all co-workers of the Group.

There have not been any whistle-blowing incidents reported in 2019.

In relation to the target set by the Group in its previous sustainability report, the Board is of the 

view that the establishment of the internal audit committee is not essential taking into account the 

size of the Group. Presently, the Group has in place an internal auditor to assess the adequacy and  

compliance of the anti-bribery and corruption policy and the whistle blowing policy from time to  

time. Based on the results of the audit review, the internal auditor shall recommend best practices for 

the Board’s consideration. 

Moreover, the Group has from time to time raised awareness on policies and practices relating to anti-

bribery and corruption among our co-workers through internal memos. 

Corporate Governance, Ethics 

and Anti-Corruption 



Targets moving forward 

• To maintain zero incidents of corruption. 

• Regularly review policies on anti-bribery, corruption and whistle-blowing. 

Why this is Material 

Good corporate governance and ethics ensure stability and sustainability of the business 

performance. It also acts as an effective anti-corruption tool which in turn injects transparency 

and accountability to the business decisions.


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

41

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) INDEX 

GRI Standards

Disclosure 

Number

Disclosure Title

Page Reference/ Remarks

General Disclosures

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-1

Organisation’s name

Aspen (Group) Holdings Limited

102-2

Primary brands, products and services

Development Projects, page 34 of 

Annual Report 2018 (“AR”)

102-3

Location of headquarters

Corporate Information, page 31 of AR

102-4z

Location of operations

Corporate Information, page 31 of AR

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Corporate Information, page 31 of AR

102-6

Markets served

Financial Reports, page 80 of AR

102-7

Scale of organisation

• Social – Employment Policies  

&amp; Practices, page 24 of  

Sustainability Report (“SR”)

• Financial Reports, page 80 of AR

102-8

Workforce information 

Social – Employment Policies &amp;  

Practices, page 24 of SR

102-9

Supply chain

The Group does not generally 

disclose its supply chain due to 

competitiveness within the industry

102-10

Significant changes during the 

reporting period

No significant changes in FY2019.

102-11

Report whether and how the 

precautionary approach or principle is 

addressed by the organisation

Generally, we observe and adopt such 

necessary precautionary approach or 

principle in our sustainability drive.

102-12

List externally developed economic, 

environmental and social charters, 

principles, or other initiatives to which 

the organisation subscribes

Environment - Green Building Index, 

page 8 of SR 

102-13

Memberships of associations and 

national or international advocacy 

organisations

Not applicable in FY2019.

102-14

Statement from senior decision maker

Board Statement, page 9 of SR

102-16

Organisation’s values, principles, 

standards and norms of behaviour

Vision &amp; Mission and Core Values, 

page 3-4 of AR

102-18

Governance structure

Sustainability Governance, page 9 of 

SR


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

42

GRI Standards

Disclosure 

Number

Disclosure Title

Page Reference/ Remarks

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Engagement of Stakeholders, page 

10 of SR

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

The Group’s co-workers are free 

to join or not join such recognized 

labour or similar unions without 

contravening any applicable laws  

and the prevailing practices and 

relations within the property 

development industry.

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Engagement of Stakeholders, page 

10 of SR

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Engagement of Stakeholders, page 

10 of SR

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised 

through stakeholder engagement

Engagement of Stakeholders, page 

10 of SR

102-45

Entities included in the organisation’s 

consolidated financial statements

Financial Reports, page 80 of AR

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries

About This Report, page 6 of SR

102-47

List of material topics

Materiality Assessment, page 11 of 

SR

102-48

Effect of any restatements of 

information provided in previous 

reports

N.A.

102-49

Significant changes from previous 

reports in the material topics and 

boundaries

N.A.

102-50

Reporting period

1 January – 31 December 2019

102-51

Date of previous report

N.A.

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53

Contact point

About This Report, page 6 of SR

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with 

GRI Standards

About This Report, page 6 of SR

102-55

GRI Content Index

GRI Index, page 41 of SR


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

43

GRI Standards

Disclosure 

Number

Disclosure Title

Page Reference/ Remarks

102-56

Assurance 

Our Group has not sought any 

external assurance for this reporting 

period but may consider seeking the 

same in the future.

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and 

its boundary

Materiality Assessment, page 11 of 

SR

Topic-Specific Standards

Economic

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Financial Reports, page 80 of AR

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

GRI 201: 

Economic 

Performance

201-1

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

Compliance with laws and regulations

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Energy and Emissions, page 14 of SR

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

GRI 302: Energy

302-1

Energy consumption within the 

organisation

302-3

Energy intensity

GRI 305: 

Emissions

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2)

GHG emissions

305-4

GHG emissions intensity

Energy and Emissions

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Energy and Emissions, page 14 of SR

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

GRI 302: Energy

302-1

Energy consumption within the organ-

isation

302-3

Energy intensity


ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

44

GRI Standards

Disclosure 

Number

Disclosure Title

Page Reference/ Remarks

GRI 305: 

Emissions

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2)

GHG emissions

305-4

GHG emissions intensity

Water

GRI 303: Water

303-1

Water withdrawal by source

N.A.

Effluents and Waste

GRI 306: 

Effluents 

and Waste

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

Effluents and Waste, page 21 of SR

Occupational Health and Safety

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Occupational Health and Safety, page 

31 of SR

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days and 

absenteeism and number of work-

related fatalities

Talent Retention

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Employment Policies and Practices &amp; 

Talent Management, page 27 of SR

103-3

Evaluation of the management  

approach

GRI 404: Training 

and Education

404-3

Percentage of co-workers receiving 

regular performance and career 

development reviews

Customer Health and Safety

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Quality Assurance, page 39 of SR

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

GRI 416: 

Customer Health 

and Safety

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning health and safety impacts 

of products and services





ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

46

