
1

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018



SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

A century-old Ficus Superba, commonly known as Deciduous Fig Ficus

is currently preserved in Central Island Park, Aspen Vision City, Penang. 


2

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018





CONTENTS

Corporate Profile 

4

About this Report 

8

President &amp; Group CEO’s Message 

9

Approach to Sustainability 

10

Materiality Assessment 

13

Environment 

15

Social 

18

Market Responsibility 

24

Community Development 

27

Global Reporting Initiative 

31

(GRI) Content Index



When others see an empty spot,

we set it as a scene for growth. 








Aspen Group Head Office

George Town, Penang.


4

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

Aspen (Group) Holdings Limited (“AG” and together with its subsidiaries, the 

“Group”), founded in 2013, is one of the leading and fast-growing property 

group headquartered in Malaysia. In 2017, just four years after inception, 

AG was listed on the Catalist Board of the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”). 

AG is renowned for redefining the property landscape in Malaysia by mooting 

the country’s first private-initiated affordable housing (Tri Pinnacle) and 

developing Northern Region’s third satellite city - Aspen Vision City in Batu 

Kawan. The Group is also building a diversified range of developments at 

strategic locations in Penang as well as the Central Region of Malaysia 

at a total gross development value of approximately RM2.5 billion as at 

September 2018.  

AG’s flagship project, Aspen Vision City, a 245-acre freehold mixed 

development project in Bandar Cassia, Batu Kawan is a joint-partnership 

with IKEA Southeast Asia with a total gross development value of over RM13 

billion and features the first IKEA Store in the Northern Region of Malaysia. 

Driven by a purposeful vision and powered by a dynamic team, AG is poised 

to serve its customers, generate long-term value for stakeholders and 

contribute to the broader public by implementing sustainability efforts in 

all its endeavours, business practices and projects.

CORPORATE PROFILE


5

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

5

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

Our Vision

To be recognised as one of the key forces shaping the property 

development industry through quality and affordability. 

Our Mission

To champion the empowerment of people by offering unequalled quality 

and affordable real estate for everyone. 

Our Manifesto

To Redefine Living 

Where others see an empty spot, we set it as a scene for growth. When a place seems exclusive 

to many, we design the catalysts for change. When most would run from an old brick wall, we 

transform it into a gateway of possibilities. 

To Redefine Thinking 

We believe that prime real-estate can be made accessible to everyone. We imagine how personal 

style and preferences can be developed on a big-scale. We know that powerful business 

partnerships are within reach of a young developer. 

To Redefine Values 

We embrace the courage to dare to be different. We enable the freedom to experiment with ideas 

that push beyond boundaries. We empower creativity to engineer smarter living solutions. 

To Redefine Connection 

We bring a fresh perspective to the relationship between people and their environment. We 

bridge the gap between current market trends and forward-thinking technology. We broaden 

our landscape from building affordable homes to innovating sustainable metropolises for 

communities of the future.


6

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

6

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

Our Values

These values define our organisational culture, guide the way we conduct 

our business and drive our commitment to excel in everything we do.

Be A Catalyst For Positive Change

Our benchmark is to deliver products that elevate the standard of living. Before we embark on 

any work, we challenge ourselves with the question, “Will our actions spark positive change by 

making life better for people?”. Every plan is thought through in detail and measured against this 

benchmark before proceeding. To be a catalyst for positive change is the mantra that shapes our 

attitude towards work and the way we relate to one another.

Build On Relationships

We are committed to open communication and acting with integrity in all our relationships. 

With every customer we build a home for, every business partner and vendor we do business 

with, every Aspenian and with people we have yet to meet. We do our best to ensure that every 

interaction builds into a loyal, long-term relationship that is mutually beneficial.

Collaborate To Innovate

Our business model is to deliver best-in-value solutions and services through new opportunities, 

smart ideas and strategic collaborations. To achieve our business model we innovate to breathe 

new life into what we have to work with and we encourage Aspenians to be innovative thinkers 

who challenge and redefine the status quo. This mentality, together with our business model, is 

the blueprint upon which we build our organisation and nurture our people.

Be Community-Conscious

As a property developer, the work we do has a social impact that goes beyond building bricks 

and blocks. We are in a position to think of communities holistically and besides our plans to 

develop the cities of the future to benefit the community, our Corporate Conscience Programme 

gives Aspenians the opportunity to reach out and connect to those that may be less fortunate 

or are in need of extra help. We coordinate activities through charitable campaigns, educational 

activities and contributions, as well as environmental and socio-cultural programmes that give 

us the privilege of serving the community as part of our work life.

Our people are guided by these core values that enable us to focus on 

doing what we do best :

•  Develop innovative projects that transform lives.

• Make ethical decisions.

• Foster long-term relationships with our customers and associates.

• Be accountable for our actions.




Aspen Group Experience Centre in Tanjung Bungah, Penang, opened on

15 October 2018


8

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

ABOUT THIS REPORT

Scope of the Report

The board of directors (the “Board”) of the Group is pleased to present its inaugural sustainability 

report in line with the SGX-ST guideline on Sustainability Reporting. This report provides an 

overview of the Group’s commitment and approach towards sustainability through its operations 

and business practices in the property development industry. It covers the material Environment, 

Social and Governance (“ESG”) factors relevant to the Group’s development projects across 

Malaysia undertaken by the Group’s subsidiary companies including Aspen Vision City Sdn. Bhd., 

Aspen Vision Ventures Sdn. Bhd. and Aspen Vision Builders Sdn. Bhd. during the 12-month period 

from 1 January 2018 to 31 December 2018. Please refer to page 28 of AG’s Annual Report 2018 for 

the entire list of entities which are included in the consolidated financial statements. 

Reporting Framework 

This report has been prepared in accordance with Rule 711B of the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist Rules”) and is guided by 

the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards – Core option, the international standard for 

sustainability reporting (“GRI Standards”). We have chosen the GRI Standards reporting guidelines 

as it covers a comprehensive range of ESG sustainability disclosures.  A GRI index included at the 

end of the report indicates the location of the relevant disclosures. This report complies with the 

requirements of the Sustainability Reporting Guide in Practice Note 7F of the Catalist Rules.

Assurance 

AG has not obtained any independent assurance on the information being reported in this report. 

It is entirely based on our internal data monitoring and verified to be accurate to the best of our 

knowledge. Going forward, we may consider obtaining independent assurance in the future to 

further enhance our reporting process. 

 

Feedback 

We value and welcome feedback to continuously improve our sustainability reporting and 

practices. If you wish to provide comments or feedback, please send your comments or feedback 

to corporate@aspen.com.my 


9

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

9

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

PRESIDENT &amp; GROUP CEO’S MESSAGE

Dear Stakeholders, 

It is my honour to present the Group’s inaugural Sustainability Report for 

2018, which details our ongoing efforts in upholding the Group’s sustainability 

efforts and objectives. 

At Aspen Group, we have always considered ourselves more than just a 

corporate entity. We place equal importance in being a “community builder”, 

with a vested interest in giving people the opportunity to live better. To fulfil 

this dual-pronged role, we have a business model, internal policies, growth 

plans, best practices and sustainability strategies that are resilient. These 

frameworks also help cultivate a culture of high-performance that drives us 

towards fulfilling our responsibility of creating value and positive impact 

within our organisation, and out there among the communities. 

We Redefine Living By

Building With Visionary Resilience

We have begun to introduce and incorporate innovative solutions into our projects, namely in our first-to-be-completed 

project Tri Pinnacle and our flagship township - Aspen Vision City, using smart technology and green initiatives. We 

hope that by doing this from the micro level, we can cause ripples on a macro level, thus contribute to improving the 

overall liveability and sustainability of our environments for every segment of people. 

During the year under review, we have worked relentlessly to deliver long-term growth for the community, by initiating 

bold proactive approaches. These initiatives has helped us achieve new levels of growth and excellence, while 

championing our sustainability objectives. 

Our long-term strategy is to stay true to our vision of building an organisation that has a deeper purpose beyond profit 

alone. This vision is deeply instilled in our people, and it is the factor that continues to motivate them to identify ways 

to champion our sustainability efforts in every way that counts. From reducing the carbon footprint of our internal 

operations in our heritage headquarters, to implementing innovative ways to recycle waste in our developments. 

In conclusion I would like to record my gratitude to all our stakeholders who have supported us throughout 2018 and 

contributed significantly to our sustainability objectives. I would also like to thank our Board of Directors, management 

team and co-workers, as well as external stakeholders and associates for standing by us. 

Dato’ M. Murly

President &amp; Group Chief Executive Officer 




10

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

Governance

The Board oversees all corporate governance and operational matters relating to the Group. For the management 

of corporate sustainability issues, the Board is supported by the Corporate Sustainability Committee (the “CSC”) 

comprising key management of the Group and respective department heads. The CSC is responsible for consolidating 

information relating to sustainability risks identified through stakeholders. Key sustainability developments and 

performance is reported by the CSC to the Board annually. 

Board Statement

The Group recognises the importance of sustainability in its business and is committed to incorporating the key 

principles of ESG in formulating its business practices. The Board provides oversight of the selection, management 

and monitoring of material ESG factors which are relevant to the Group. The Board is responsible for this Report and 

recognises the evolving environmental and social changes that impact our business activities.

APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY





HH Park Residence

Tanjung Bungah, Penang. 


11

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

Stakeholder Engagement 

Knowing and understanding the expectations and concerns of our stakeholders is critical for the long-term success

of the Group. Our significant stakeholders, how we engage with them and address their expectations are summarised 

in the table below:

Stakeholders

Method of Management

Topics Raised

The Group’s Response

Employees

• Regular co-workers 

engagement surveys

• Regular meetings  

and briefings 

• Yearly performance appraisal 

• Communication 

• Workplace environment 

• Learning and development 

• Welfare of employees

• Enhance communication 

methods

• Enhance workplace 

environment 

• Provide training and 

development courses

• Provide recreational and 

wellness activities and  

team-building

Customers /

Homebuyers

• Product launches  

and promotions

• Regular engagement via 

websites, e-mails, social 

media platforms and  

mobile applications

• Customer experience 

• Product quality 

• Provision of special 

customers’ relation team

• Provide extended defects 

liability period for  

the homebuyers 

Shareholders &amp; 

Investors

• Annual General Meeting

• Extraordinary General Meeting

• Annual Report

• Announcement through 

SGXNET

• Corporate governance 

• Financial performance 

• Ensure compliance with 

Catalist Rules and Code  

of Corporate Governance 

• Risk management framework 

Regulators/ 

Government

• Regular site visits  

and inspections 

• Health and safety compliance

• Environmental compliance  

• Implements an Environmental, 

Health and Safety Committee

• Regular reporting to 

regulators on  

compliance issue 

Contractors

• On-site meetings 

• Occupational health  

and safety 

• Regular site visits and 

inspections to advocate  

best practice 

Community

• Charity and fundraising events 

• Social media and website

• Impact of property 

development on  

the environment

• Corporate social  

responsibility programmes








Valuable knowledge was exchanged forming new friendship between 

Aspen Group and IKEA Southeast Asia at the IKEA construction site.


13

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

By applying the relevant GRI Standards, we were able to identify and prioritise sustainability topics 

for reporting. The materiality assessment was conducted through a series of engagement sessions 

with internal stakeholders and studying existing feedback of external stakeholders. The assessment 

yielded eight material topics: 1) Energy and Emission; 2) Waste Management; 3) Occupational 

Health and Safety; 4) Product Quality; 5) Human Capital Management; 6) Talent Management; 7) 

Corporate Governance, Ethics and Anti-Corruption and 8) Community Development. 

Each topic is then plotted on a materiality matrix, which helps us to identify and prioritise our 

efforts. The findings of the assessment have been plotted in the materiality matrix based on their 

impact to the Group’s business, and against their importance to stakeholders (Figure 1). 

Figure 1 Group Materiality Matrix

• Energy and

 Emmission

• Waste Management

• Occupational Health

 and Safety

• Product Quality

• Human Capital

 Management

• Talent Management

• Corporate 

Governance, Ethics, 

and Anti-Corruption

• Community

 Development

Medium

Relevance to Group

High

Low

Medium

Level of Stakeholders Concern

High

Low


14

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018







Viluxe 

Aspen Vision City, Penang


15

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

Energy Saving Practices 

Achieving GBI status

The Group is fully committed to promote sustainability in our built environment and our effort was 

recognised when our head office Aspen House was awarded BCA Green Mark Awards (Gold) for 

buildings (Overseas) by the Singapore Building and Construction Authority in 2016. 

Green Environment Initiative 

In line with the Group’s Green Environment Initiative, the Group designed the Central Island Park 

(“CIP”) as a green lung for the bustling township of Aspen Vision City. Located in the heart of the 

city, the 25-acre park boasts of a pristine lake that is surrounded by an abundance of lush greenery.

It is a relaxing green getaway that visually balances the fast-paced built environment and also 

serves to cool down the temperature of the surroundings. CIP also functions as a massive carbon 

sink that effectively and efficiently absorbs the carbon from the atmosphere. Due to its strategic 

location, it is a natural crowd-puller, and a sanctuary of tranquillity for residents pursuing physical 

recreation activities such as walking, cycling or even picnicking. This is specifically in line with the 

Eco-City Batu Kawan Guideline2 set by the local council that emphasises on the cultivation of a 

green neighbourhood through compliance of its landscape master plan that provides guidance on 

the streetscape design, selection of plantings and universal design standards.

1 https://www.pmo.gov.my/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/Green-Technology-Master-Plan-Malaysia-2017-2030.pdf

2 https://www.mpsp.gov.my/brgonline/garispanduan/perancang/kejiranan-hijau.pdf

Energy and Emission

Why this is Material?

The Group is committed to managing its environmental footprint to improve 

operational efficiency and be in line with national policies. 

Under the Green Technology Master Plan 2017-20301, the Malaysian 

government aims to reduce the country’s carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions 

by 25% in the next 13 years, as part of the national effort to address the 

threat of the carbon discharge on human health and the environment. 

Further, Malaysia also promotes green construction in the country with the 

introduction of the Green Building Index (GBI). GBI is a system to rate and 

certify the construction of green buildings in Malaysia. It is important that 

the Group aligns our business strategy towards achieving these government 

targets and initiative which would allow the Group to do its part in protecting 

the environment and at the same time, reduce operational costs and develop 

competitive advantage. 

ENVIRONMENT


16

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

Waste Management Practices 

Reduction of Plastic Usage  

In the effort of battling the misuse of plastics (in particular the non-biodegradable and non-

recyclable kind) that is hazardous to the environment, our Group has launched a ‘SAY NO TO 

PLASTIC - If you cannot REUSE it, REFUSE it!’ programme within the Group in 2018.

Introduction of Automated Waste Collection System (AWCS)

Recently, the Group introduced AWCS to its developments.  Whether in an office building, retail park, 

hotel, convention centre, transportation terminals or recreational park, AWCS is able to consolidate 

waste from multiple loading stations and directly transport it into a sealed container located away 

from the development area through the application of vacuum technology. This enables the freeing 

up of valuable space that can be best utilised for other purposes because less space is required to 

store waste. There are no more unsightly bins, unpleasant smell and vermin issues. Furthermore, 

residents and tenants will no longer have any concerns about irregular timing of waste collection.

Moreover, AWCS can be controlled off-site and does not require additional labour. As such, the 

security level is significantly improved without garbage trucks and excessive labour to handle 

waste manually. The large amount of solid waste generated can now be handled in a more efficient 

way with this environmentally friendly system.

Targets moving forward 

• 

To create awareness on protection of the environment within the Group and also amongst the

 

contractors. 

• 

To implement recycling programme and introduce environmentally-friendly products within the

 

Group in 2019.

Waste Management

Why this is Material?

The Group strives to reduce the use of plastic which is hazardous to the 

environment given its non-biodegradable nature. Hygienic and wastages 

issues are also on the rise as plastic are being littered all over the site, drain 

and surrounding areas. 

Solid waste is also a key concern especially to mixed developments and 

townships undertaken by the Group. Therefore, a well-managed waste 

collection system is required to upkeep the cleanliness and maintain hygienic 

level in the developments.

Targets moving forward 

The Group hopes to expand the Group’s Green Environment Initiative and promote green construction 

to achieve GBI status for other ongoing projects which are scheduled for completion as below:  

Ongoing Projects

Expected Completion

Vervea  

2019

Vertu Resort

2020

Beacon Executive Suites

2020


17

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018



Team Building 2018

Ipoh, Perak


18

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

Human Capital Management Practices 

Gender Equality

Our Group is committed to promote gender equality within the workforce. Our Group employed a 

total of 159 employees as at 31 December 2018, of which 82 are male (52%) and 77 are female (48%). 

Age of Workforce

Our workforce is made up of employees of diverse ages, ranging from 25 to golden years. An 

optimum age diversity is beneficial to our Group whereby younger employees are believed to be 

progressive, eager to innovate and more technology-savvy whereas our mature employees are 

exposed, experienced and equipped with skills that are crucial to the operations and management of 

the Group. Given the nature of the Group’s businesses, such diversity is appropriate for interacting 

with customers across all age spectrums.

Racial Diversity

Our workforce consists of employees from various races and backgrounds. In addition to bringing 

about a variety of different perspectives, such racial and ethnic diversity will also enrich the Group’s 

culture and promote a positive and harmonious environment within the Group.

Human Capital Management

SOCIAL

Why this is Material?

We recognise that human capital is the backbone of any organisation, 

therefore it is fundamental that we create a healthy working environment 

in order to maintain and increase productivity. In connection therewith, 

we strive to provide a fair, performance-based working environment that is 

diverse, inclusive and collaborative.




19

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

Remuneration

Our Group remunerates its employees in a manner which commensurate with the employees’ 

respective experiences, positions and competencies regardless of gender and this further 

reinforces the gender equality promoted by the Group. In addition, the Group also complies 

strictly with the minimum wage policy implemented by the Malaysian Government.

Organisational Structure

We endeavour to maintain an optimum organisational structure with 14% of the workforce in 

key management positions (encompassing Chief Executive Officer, Group Managing Director, 

Executive Director, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Financial Controller), 

31% in managerial positions (encompassing Head of Department, managers and assistant 

managers) and the remaining 55% in the executive and assistant positions. 

Targets moving forward 

The Group hopes to achieve better diversity and equality within the workplace by employing 

suitable and qualified candidates regardless of gender, age, race, religion etc. through competitive 

remuneration packages within the organisational structure of the Group.

Talent Management

Why this is Material?

Our Group recognises that workplace’s welfare and benefits coupled with 

promising career advancement contribute significantly to our business 

sustainability. 




20

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

Talent Management Practices

Employees’ Well-Beings and Benefits

In addition to competitive remuneration, our Group also focuses on structuring an employees’ 

welfare and benefits package for our employees which include but is not limited to insurance

coverage, healthcare benefits, increased maternity leave (120 days) and paternity (30 days) leave, 

marriage leave (3 days), compassionate leave (6 days) and examination leave (5 days).

To encourage our employees to maintain a work-life balance, our employees are offered free gym 

membership and fitness programme at a local renowned fitness centre to maintain a healthy 

lifestyle. Furthermore, our Group has also established a committee formed by our employees to help 

organise monthly recreational activities, educational programmes i.e. Toastmaster International, 

motivational programmes, team-building etc. in order to achieve the above aim and also to foster 

and build camaraderie among our employees.

Growth and Development 

The Group provides various training programmes for our employees to equip them with the required 

core competencies, soft skills and professional knowledge in order to stay relevant and effective. 

Under the relevant training programmes, immediate superiors are tasked to provide direction or 

guidance while monitoring the work of the new and newly promoted employees in order to help the 

latter develop their capabilities to ensure continuous individual development and improvement 

which will in turn benefit our Group. 

In general, our employees will be afforded the opportunities to attend relevant ad hoc formal training 

and such other activities in relation to legal and financial updates, seminars and conference, new 

engineering and technical methods etc. 

 

As part of talent management, our Group has in place a robust performance appraisal system 

which includes all eligible employees within the Group and we intend to maintain this in 2019.

Targets moving forward 

• 

The Group hopes to introduce more wellness programmes to ensure employees health and

 

wellness is taken care of. 

• 

The Group aims to further encourage employees to build their soft skills and knowledge so

 

that they stay responsive to changes in the work environment and contribute optimally to

 

the business.  




21

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018







Valuable knowledge was exchanged forming new friendship between 

Aspen Group and IKEA Southeast Asia at the IKEA construction site.


22

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

Occupational Health and Safety Practices 

Implementation of Internal policies and practices

In compliance with the laws currently in force and guidelines devised by Department of Occupational 

and Safety Health (DOSH), we have in place internal policies and practices and controls to manage 

and minimise the risks associated with the safety and health of our workplace. 

Our Group has ongoing initiatives in maintaining a safe and healthy workplace, inter alia, the 

following: - 

(a) 

Identify and perform regular checks on potential safety and health risks and hazards;

(b) 

Hold regular meetings and prepare monthly or quarterly safety and health reports for

 

monitoring and management of the processes and risks and hazards;

(c) 

Conduct investigations on all reported incidents that took place at the workplace and

 

evaluation of the consequences prior to taking immediate corrective and preventive

 

measures or actions; 

(d) 

Provide compulsory continuous safety and health training to all employees;

(e) 

Conduct fire safety audits and drills; and

(f) 

Take strict disciplinary action against violation of any safety and health rules and policies.

With this effective safety and health system, our Group recorded zero incidents involving any 

permanent injuries or fatalities in 2018.

Our Group also implemented a smart surveillance and safety measure in our ongoing Vervea 

project to avoid and prevent untoward incidents through a video surveillance system that employs 

automatic video analysis technology. With its enhanced forensic capabilities, the system can 

conduct real-time search and tracking of people, objects or vehicles, and identify unusual activities.

Targets moving forward 

• 

To maintain zero incidents involving any permanent injuries or fatalities in 2019. 

• 

Our Group intends to implement the smart surveillance and safety measure in our

 

future developments. 

Why this is Material?

Our Group recognises the importance of creating and maintaining a safe and 

healthy workplace for the welfare of our employees and contractors and to 

safeguard against legal liabilities.

Occupational Health And Safety




The inaugural 52-metre high water jet together with firework

display during the official opening of Central Island Park.


24

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

Product Quality

Product Quality Practices

Quality Assurance

In 2017, our Group achieved the ISO 9001:2015 quality management system standards which 

helps ensure our customers receive homes of reliable and desired quality. Further, our Group has 

implemented the Quality Assessment System in Construction (QLASSIC) created by the Malaysian 

Construction Industry Development Board (CIDB).  QLASSIC is a system or method designed and 

used to measure and evaluate the workmanship quality of a building construction work based on 

Malaysian Construction Industry Standard (CIS 7:2014); a quality assessment system for building 

construction works standard.

As part of our Group’s effort on quality assurance, our Group Quality Management performs audits 

and inspections as shown below and resolve any issues discovered as soon as possible. The 

collected data helps with our effort to implement stringent quality control measures to ensure the 

highest standards of product quality.

To further improve the quality of our products, our Group implemented an electronic defects 

management system, Novade Quality application, for our Tri Pinnacle project. Available on desktop, 

iOS and Android, Novade Quality is an enterprise application facilitating tracking and management 

of defects and its rectification process during defect liability period. With this system, home owners 

are able to lodge unit defects, track, and acknowledge defect rectification using their desktops, 

tablets, or mobile devices. This application streamlines the rectification process after handover 

and ensures better customer experience and maximise customer satisfaction.

Targets moving forward 

Our Group will continue to assess the safety of all buildings developed by our Group to ensure there 

are no non-compliance with any local laws and regulations and deliver highest quality products 

to our customers. We will also implement the Novade Quality application for our ongoing projects 

namely, Vervea, Vertu Resort and Beacon Executive Suites.

MARKET RESPONSIBILITY

Why this is Material?

Our Group is committed to deliver high quality homes to our homebuyers.

Type of Audit/Inspection

Frequency

Quality &amp; Safety for all project sites

Monthly

Various departments within the Group

At least once a year


25

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

Corporate Governance, Ethics and Anti-Corruption Practices 

Anti-Bribery and Corruption 

The Group adopts a zero-tolerance policy against bribery and corruption. All co-workers of the 

Group are required to maintain the highest standards of integrity in their work and the same 

requirement extends to persons other than employees.

Whistle-Blowing Policy 

A whistle-blowing policy and its procedures have been implemented which allows employees to 

raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters in 

confidence and ensures that there is independent investigation of such matters and appropriate 

follow up action. Details of the whistle-blowing policy have been made available to all employees 

of the Group.

Targets moving forward 

• 

To form an internal audit committee in 2019 to review the anti-bribery and corruption policy

 

and also the whistle blowing policy from time to time to ensure its relevance with changing

 

time and law.  

• 

To increase the awareness on policies and practices relating to anti-bribery and corruption

 

in 2019 amongst the employees.  

Corporate Governance, Ethics And Anti-Corruption

Why this is Material ?

Good corporate governance and ethics ensures stability and sustainability 

of the performance of the business. It is also acts as an effective anti-

corruption tool which in turn injects transparency and accountability to the 

business decisions. 






Redefine Community

Umbrella Sharing Initiative Campaign


27

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT

Corporate Social Responsibility Practices 

Umbrella Sharing Initiative Campaign

In 2018, our Group provided 50,000 umbrellas for a ‘Umbrella Sharing Initiative Campaign’ 

(“Campaign”) initiated by the Group in Malaysia and Singapore for the purpose of raising public 

awareness and encouraging the creation of a sustainable cycle of umbrella sharing within the 

community we operate in through various initiatives organised during different occasions for the year. 

We believe that this initiative is able to foster the spirit of sharing and co-operative within our community.

To promote the Campaign, our Group has set up various umbrella stands with regular replenishment 

of umbrellas at strategic locations with high foot-traffic which include squares, thoroughfares, 

public transportation terminals and local and international school premises in order to shelter the 

public at large to help them stay dry on rainy days and stay cool on sunny days. Such umbrellas 

may then be returned at designated umbrella stands across the city or passed on to other users. 

In addition to promoting the sharing and goodwill within the community, our employees have been 

out and about promoting and educating the public at large about the Campaign and this includes a 

4-km Umbrella Sharing Awareness Walk held on 16 November 2018 in George Town, Penang.

Corporate Social Responsibility

Why this is Material?

As a property developer, the work we do has a social impact that goes beyond 

building bricks and blocks. We have to think of communities holistically and 

connect to those that may be less fortunate or are in need of extra help. 




28

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

Contribution for Tabung Harapan Malaysia

After the historic change of the Malaysian Government in May 2018, a ‘Tabung Harapan Malaysia’ 

was set up on 30 May 2018 to lift the spirit of patriotism through public donations.  As a true-

blue responsible Malaysian corporate citizen we were amongst the few Penang based corporate 

entities that made a RM1,000,000.00 contribution to ease the government’s financial burden and 

help settle the national debt.



Children of today, leaders of tomorrow. With children being our future, we joined hands with local 

and international schools as well to have umbrella stands and umbrellas placed within the school 

premises, educating and encouraging children to TAKE.USE.RETURN. With this campaign, we hope 

to nurture caring individuals with an awareness of social and global matters.  

Apart from Penang, our Group has also assumed its corporate social responsibility in Singapore by 

introducing the Campaign to St. Andrew Junior College in Potong Pasir and Admiralty constituency 

since the beginning of year 2018 in order to educate the students therein while sheltering them 

from the rain and sun. On 15 September 2018, we have further introduced the Campaign during 

the Mid-Autumn festival at Admiralty, Singapore, which had attracted an attendance of more than 

2,000 residents. To further spread the objective of this effort, educational flyers were distributed 

to the residents during this festival.






29

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

Public Buka Puasa Event

In the spirit of Ramadhan, our Group organised a buka puasa event during the holy month together 

with the public which was held at the State Mosque for the first time. The buka puasa event is 

the Group’s way to cultivate the spirit of togetherness and to show appreciation for the bountiful 

blessings that we experience as Malaysian citizen. As a gesture of goodwill, a donation of 

RM5,000.00 was also made to the State Mosque. 

Smarter Hackathon

Our Group organised the first and biggest art-themed hackathon, the SmARTer Penang Hackathon 

(“Hackathon”), in the Northern region of Malaysia, bringing together the best and brightest minds 

from the arts, business and technology arena to redefine the art experience in Penang. One of the 

Hackathon’s primary aim was to enhance the art scene through technology, to not only benefit 

visitors and tourists but also to promote the artisans, heritage traders and businesses in the 

heritage enclaves of George Town, Penang.

The Hackathon was successfully conducted and concluded with innovative ideas, solutions and 

services presented by the talented participants.

The Hackathon also proved to be an excellent platform for start-up technopreneurs to gain exposure 

and showcase their talent that will sustain and propel them in the future.








30

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

Targets Moving Foward

Our Group aims to carry out more charitable campaigns, educational activities and contributions, 

as well as environmental and socio-cultural programmes to better serve the community. In that 

regard, we have targeted at least six events which we hope to carry out in 2019.



CNY Guaranteed Prosperity Distribution Drive

In light of the Lunar New Year, Aspenians shared the joy for Guaranteed Prosperity by delivering 

goodie bags to everyone they come across daily, for almost a month with the aim to bring happiness 

to them. 

Aspen Vision City Site Visitation by Students of Kolej Laila Taib

We were pleased to host students of Kolej Laila Taib from Sarawak, at the Group’s flagship 

development, Aspen Vision City and provide technical briefing on the on-going sustainability 

methods throughout the whole masterfully planned development as well as safety measures to 

take note on construction sites. It was an invaluable learning experience for them.






31

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) INDEX 

GRI Standards

Disclosure

Number

Disclosure Title

Page Reference/Remarks

General Disclosures

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-1

Organisation’s name

Aspen (Group) Holdings Limited

102-2

Primary brands, products and services

Development Projects, page 32 of 

Annual Report 2018 (“AR”)

102-3

Location of headquarters

Corporate information, page 29 of AR

102-4

Location of operations

Corporate information, page 29 of AR

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Corporate information, page 29 of AR

102-6

Markets served

Financial Reports, page 82 of AR

102-7

Scale of organisation

• Social – Employment Policies &amp; 

Practices, page 18 of Sustainability 

Report (“SR”)

• Financial Reports, page 82 of AR

102-8

Workforce information

• Social – Employment Policies &amp; 

Practices, page 18 of Sustainability 

Report (“SR”)

102-9

Supply Chain

The Group does not generally 

disclose its supply chain due to 

competitiveness within the industry

102-10

Significant changes during the

reporting period

No significant changes in FY2018.

102-11

Report whether and how the 

precautionary approach or principle

is addressed by the organisation

Generally, we observe and adopt such 

necessary precautionary approach or 

principle in our sustainability drive.

102-12

List externally developed economic, 

environmental and social charters, 

principles, or other initiatives to which 

the organisation subscribes

Environment - Green Building Index, 

page 15 of SR 

102-13

Memberships of associations and 

national or international advocacy 

organisations

Not applicable in FY2018


32

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

102-14

Statement from senior decision maker

Board Statement, page 10 of SR

102-16

Organisation’s values, principles, 

standards and norms of behaviour 

Vision &amp; Mission and Core Values, 

page 3-4 of AR

102-18

Governance structure

Sustainability Governance, page 10

of SR

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Engagement of Stakeholders, page 

11 of SR

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

The Group’s employees are free to join 

or not join such recognised labour or 

similar unions without contravening 

any applicable laws and the prevailing 

practices and relations within the 

property development industry.

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Engagement of Stakeholders, page 

11 of SR

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Engagement of Stakeholders, page 

11 of SR

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised through 

stakeholder engagement 

Engagement of Stakeholders, page 

11 of SR

102-45

Entities included in the organisation’s 

consolidated financial statements

Financial Reports, page 82 of AR

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries

About This Report, page 8 of SR

102-47

List of material topics

Materiality Assessment, page 13

of SR

102-48

Effect of any restatements of 

information provided in previous reports

N.A.

102-49

Significant changes from previous 

reports in the material topics and 

boundaries

N.A.

102-50

Reporting period

1 January – 31 December 2018

102-51

Date of previous report

N.A.

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53

Contact point

About This Report, page 8 of SR

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with 

GRI Standards

About This Report, page 8 of SR

102-55

GRI Content Index

GRI Index, page 31 of SR

102-56

Assurance 

Our Group has not sought any 

external assurance for this reporting 

period but may consider seeking the 

same in the future.


33

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

Materiality Assessment, page 13

of SR

Topic-Specific Standards

Economic

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Financial Reports, page 82 of AR

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

GRI 201: Economic 

Performance

201-1

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

Compliance with laws and regulations

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Compliance with Laws and 

Regulations, page 25 of SR

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruptions and 

actions taken

GRI 419: Socio-

economic 

Compliance

419-1

Non-compliance with relevant laws and 

regulations

Energy and Emissions

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Energy and Emissions, page 15 of SR

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

GRI 302: Energy

302-1

Energy consumption within the 

organisation

302-3

Energy intensity

GRI 305: 

Emissions

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2)

GHG emissions

305-4

GHG emissions intensity

Water

GRI 303: Water

303-1

Water withdrawal by source

N.A.

Effluents and Waste

GRI 306: Effluents 

and Waste

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

Effluents and Waste, page 16 of SR


34

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

Occupational Health and Safety

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Occupational Health and Safety, page 

22 of SR

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and Safety

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days and 

absenteeism and number of work-

related fatalities

Talent Retention

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-2

The management approach and 

its components

Employment Policies and Practices 

&amp; Talent Management, page 18 &amp; 19 

of SR

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

GRI 404: Training 

and Education

404-3

Percentage of employees receiving 

regular performance and career 

development reviews

Customer Health and Safety

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-2

The management approach and

its components

Quality Assurance, page 24 of SR

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

GRI 416: Customer 

Health and Safety

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

health and safety impacts of products 

and services


35

ASPEN (GROUP) HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2018

