


SUSTAINABILITY

REPORT 2020


Sustainability Report 2020

2

Content

Corporate Profile   

 

 

About this Report  

 

 

 

 

 

 

President &amp; Group CEO’s Message 

 

 

 

Approach to Sustainability  

 

 

 

 

 

Materiality Assessment  

 

 

 

 

United Nations Sustainable Development Goals 

Environment  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Social  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Governance

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Content Index

03

06

07

09

11

12

13

20

35

38

Content


Sustainability Report 2020

3

Aspen (Group) Holdings Limited (the “Company” or “AG”) was 

incorporated in the Republic of Singapore on 22 December 

2016 under the Companies Act (Chapter 50) of Singapore as 

a private limited company. The Company and its subsidiaries 

(the “Group”) were formed pursuant to a restructuring exercise 

prior to the initial public offering and its listing on the Catalist 

of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-

ST”) on 28 July 2017. The Group officially commenced trading 

on the SGX-ST Mainboard on 28 January 2021 following its 

successful transfer from the Catalist to the Mainboard.

Property Development Sector

The Group develops residential and mixed development properties at strategic locations with good 

infrastructure and amenities at affordable price points in Malaysia. The Group’s flagship project, 

Aspen Vision City, a 247-acre freehold mixed development project well-located in Bandar Cassia, 

Batu Kawan - Penang’s third satellite city, is a joint-partnership with IKEA Southeast Asia &amp; Mexico. 

With a gross development value of over RM13 billion, of which the Group has launched over RM3 

billion of properties; Aspen Vision City features the first IKEA store in the Northern Region of 

Malaysia and a state-of-the-art Integrated Regional Shopping Centre. Aspen Group also has several 

property developments in Penang Island and Central Region of Malaysia, which captured a total 

gross development value of over RM3 billion. In addition, Aspen Group’s associated company Global 

Vision Logistics Sdn. Bhd. is part of a joint venture with LOGOS SE Asia Pte. Ltd for the development 

of an integrated e-commerce logistics hub in Shah Alam, Selangor. Upon its completion, the facility 

is expected to be one of the largest one stop logistics solution providers in Malaysia. 

For more information about the Group and its projects, please visit http://aspen.sg

Corporate Profile

Corporate

Profile


Sustainability Report 2020

4

Healthcare Sector – Aspen Glove 

On 12 August 2020, the Company, via its wholly-owned subsidiary Aspen Vision All Sdn. Bhd. and 

renowned investment holding company, CMY Capital Sdn. Bhd., ventured into the glove manufacturing 

business through Aspen Glove Sdn. Bhd. (“Aspen Glove”). The inception of Aspen Glove is a strategic 

and timely venture as the global demand for latex and nitrile medical examination gloves continues 

to surge in the healthcare, industrial, F&amp;B, hospitality and travel sectors.

Aspen Glove envisions to penetrate the market and gain a reasonable share with strategic planning 

around pricing, competitors, marketing strategies and distinctive positioning and expand in 

successive phases to also include own brand manufacturing (OBM) and own distribution network 

globally. On 10 May 2021, Aspen Glove successfully commenced the production of gloves under 

Phase 1(a) with an initial annual production capacity of 1.8 billion gloves. Aspen Glove will ramp up 

its production capacity to 28.1 billion gloves per annum within the next three to five years. 

For more information on Aspen Glove, please visit https://aspenglove.com.my/

Food and Beverage Sector – Kanada-Ya 

Kanada-Ya SG Pte Ltd secured the master franchise rights from Kanada-Ya UK Ltd, the developer 

of a system for the operation of specialised authentic Japanese ramen dining outlets under the 

‘KANADA-YA’ brand. Kanada-Ya SG Pte Ltd has the exclusive territorial rights to establish and 

operate KANADA-YA outlets as well as develop the franchise of KANADA-YA in Malaysia, Thailand 

and Singapore. Established in 2009 in the small town of Yukuhashi, Fukuoka, Japan, KANADA-YA has 

since expanded to 16 outlets worldwide- 2 in Japan, 3 in London, 6 in Hong Kong, 1 in Barcelona, and 

4 in Singapore. KANADA-YA has been voted the number one ramen in London by The Telegraph and 

has garnered numerous other accolades under their belt. 

For more information on KANADA-YA, Please visit https://kanada-ya.sg/ 

Corporate

Profile


Sustainability Report 2020

5

Vision, Mission

and Core Values

Vision

Grow global. Stay agile

Mission

Accelerate our scalable journey towards globalisation with 

excellent corporate governance, sustainable environmental 

stewardship, empowered social inclusion and disruptive digital 

transformation.

Be a Catalyst for Positive Change

Our benchmark is to deliver products that elevate the standard of living. Before we embark on any work, 

we challenge ourselves with the question, “Will our actions spark positive change by making life better for 

people?”. Every plan is thought through in detail and measured against this benchmark before proceeding. 

To be a catalyst for positive change is the mantra that shapes our attitude towards work, and the way we 

relate to one another.

Build on Relationships

We are committed to fostering open communication and acting with integrity in all our relationships. With 

every service we provide, every business partner and vendor we do business with, every Aspenian and 

with people we have yet to meet, we strive to ensure every interaction builds into being a loyal, long-term 

relationship that is mutually beneficial.

Collaborate To Innovate

Our business model is to deliver best-in-value solutions and services through new opportunities, smart 

ideas and strategic collaborations. To achieve our business model, we innovate to breathe new life into 

what we have to work with, and we encourage Aspenians to be innovative thinkers who challenge and 

redefine the status quo. This mentality, together with our business model, is the blueprint upon which we 

build our organisation and nurture our people.

Be Community-Conscious

As a Group with diversified business interests and an expanding presence, everything we do has an 

impact on the communities we serve, locally and globally. We are in a unique position where we can 

think and act holistically, and our Corporate Conscience Programme gives Aspenians the opportunity to 

reach out to the less fortunate and those who are in need of a helping hand. We organise activities that 

are relevant and intentional through charitable campaigns, educational activities, contributions as well as 

environmental and socio-cultural programmes. 

Core Values

These values define our culture, guide the way we treat each 

other, and how we run our business. 

Our people live by these core values, which enable us to focus 

on creating innovative products, making ethical decisions, 

building relationships, and taking accountability for our 

actions.




About This Report

Scope of the Report

The board of directors (the “Board”) of the Group is pleased to present its third sustainability report in line with the SGX-ST 

guideline on Sustainability Reporting. This report provides an overview of the Group’s commitment and approach towards 

sustainability through its operations and business practices. It covers the material Environment, Social and Governance 

(“ESG”) factors relevant to the Group’s business during the 12-month period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020. 

Reporting Framework 

This report has been prepared in accordance with Rule 711B of the Listing Manual of Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (“Listing Manual”) and is guided by the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards – Core option, the 

international standard for sustainability reporting (“GRI Standards”). We have chosen the GRI Standards reporting 

guidelines as it covers a comprehensive range of ESG sustainability disclosures.  A GRI index included at the end of the 

report indicates the location of the relevant disclosures. This report complies with the requirements of the Sustainability 

Reporting Guide in Practice Note 7.6 of the Listing Manual.

Assurance 

AG has not obtained any independent assurance on the information being reported in this report. It is entirely based on 

our internal data monitoring and verified to be accurate to the best of our knowledge. Going forward, we may consider 

obtaining independent assurance in the future to further enhance our reporting process. 

Feedback 

We value and welcome feedback to continuously improve our sustainability reporting and practices. If you wish to provide 

comments or feedback, please send your comments or feedback to corporate@aspen.com.my 

About 

This Report

6


Sustainability Report 2020

7

PRESIDENT &amp; GROUP 

CEO’S MESSAGE

“The work of transitioning our organisation, our 

nation and our world to a more economically and 

environmentally sustainable one is in our hands.”

Dear Stakeholders, 

I am pleased to present Aspen 

Group’s Sustainability Report for the 

year 2020.

The waves of challenges that hit 

businesses worldwide, ours included, 

throughout the Covid-19 pandemic 

in the year of 2020 were totally 

unprecedented. Equally unparalleled 

was the resilience with which we 

stood and held our ground in the face 

of adversities. We had envisioned and 

embarked on a diversification strategy 

to better align with the needs and 

challenges of global communities, 

while responsibly managing natural 

resources.

Despite the disruptions brought on 

by the Covid-19 pandemic, the Group 

continued with its efforts to advance 

the ESG agendas. As an emerging 

global corporate citizen, we are well 

aware of our corporate responsibility 

and 

are 

purposeful 

in 

aligning 

our business operations towards 

the United Nation’s Sustainability 

Development Goals that are relevant 

to us. I believe, these are not only 

key 

elements 

that 

will 

cultivate 

our corporate reputation but are 

hallmarks of good management and 

long-term organic growth.

Building with this framework, let 

me share with you some of our 

noteworthy actions from 2020 that 

have strengthened our sustainable 

culture.

One significant step that we have 

taken on in our sustainability quest is 

to initiate digital transformation within 

the organisation. It is my belief that we 

can harness the power of technology 

to 

steer 

a 

broader 

workplace 

transformation that will spill over 

to the community and accelerate 

towards an environmentally stable 

future. 

As part of our business continuity 

plans, we leveraged on social media 

platforms to consistently publicise, 

communicate 

and 

disseminate 

information 

to 

our 

existing 

and 

potential customers. Among some of 

the blitz activities we launched were 

live sessions on Facebook, virtual 

tours and panel discussions. 



Dato’ M. Murly

President &amp; Group 

Chief Executive Officer

Message from 

the President &amp; 

Group Chief 

Executive Officer


These efforts kept us consistently connected 

to our customers and boosted our business in 

spite of the unabating Covid-19 pandemic.

Intrinsically, our people embraced an all-

inclusive culture of assuming new roles and 

taking on added responsibilities as we adapted 

to ‘new normal’ working conditions to ensure 

business continuity. Group-wide, we complied 

with all the Government-sanctioned Standard 

Operating Procedures guidelines to flatten the 

curve and minimise the spread of Covid-19 to 

safeguard our co-workers and customers.  

The Group takes a zero-tolerance approach to 

all forms of bribery and corruption. As part of 

this commitment, the Company developed the 

Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy in 2020 

to establish and maintain adequate procedures 

to prevent bribery and corruption in all its 

businesses.

We remain steadfast in our commitment to 

serve and make a positive difference to the 

communities where we live and work. This 

year we contributed essential items and dry 

food items to the Food Distribution Programme 

organised by the Penang Chief Minister YAB 

Tuan Chow Kon Yeow to help the marginalised 

segment of our community.

The year 2020, was a pivotal year that galvanised 

us to redefine our priorities, realign our 

principles and refine our purposes as a Group. I 

am more convinced than ever that the world we 

live in now has shed its boundaries and we are 

all in this together. The work of transitioning our 

organisation, our nation and our world to a more 

economically and environmentally sustainable 

one is in our hands.

I am thankful to all our stakeholders for your 

continuing trust in the Group and I am counting 

on you to lend your support on our journey 

towards sustainability.

Dato’ M. Murly

President &amp; Group Chief Executive Officer

Message from 

the President &amp; 

Group Chief 

Executive Officer

8


Sustainability Report 2020

9

Approach to Sustainability

Governance

The Board oversees all corporate governance and operational matters relating to the Group. For 

the management of corporate sustainability issues, the Board is supported by the Corporate 

Sustainability Committee (the “CSC”) comprising key management of the Group and chaired by the 

Chief Financial Officer. The CSC is responsible for consolidating information relating to sustainability 

risks identified through stakeholders. Key sustainability developments and performance are directly 

reported by the CSC to the Board on an annual basis. 

Board Statement

The Group recognises the importance of sustainability in its business and is committed to incorporating 

the key principles of ESG in formulating its business practices. The Board provides oversight of the 

selection, management and monitoring of material ESG factors, which are relevant to the Group. The 

Board is responsible for this report and recognises the evolving ESG factors that impact our business 

activities.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

CHIEF

OPERATING

OFFICER

DIVISIONAL DIRECTOR

- CORPORATE

DIVISIONAL DIRECTOR

- GROUP 

HUMAN RESOURCE

&amp; ADMINISTRATION

DIVISIONAL DIRECTOR

- TRADE

Approach to

Sustainability


Sustainability Report 2020

10

Stakeholders

Method of Engagement

Topics Raised

The Group’s Response

Co-workers

• Regular co-workers 

   engagement surveys

• Regular meetings and 

   briefings 

• Yearly performance 

   appraisal 

• Townhall session

• Communication 

• Workplace environment 

• Learning and development 

• Welfare of co-workers

• Job security 

• Enhance communication

   methods

• Enhance workplace

   environment 

• Provide training and

  development courses

• Provide recreational, 

   wellness and team-building

   activities

Customers 

• Product launches 

   and promotions

• Regular engagement 

   via websites, e-mails, 

   social media platforms 

   and mobile applications

• Customer experience 

• Product quality 

• Provision of special  

 customers’ relation team

• Provide extended defects

   liability period for the 

   customers

Shareholders  

&amp; Investors

• Annual General Meeting

• Extraordinary General

   Meeting

• Annual Report

• Sustainability Report

• Announcements through  

 SGXNet

 

• Corporate governance

• Corporate social

   responsibility

• Financial performance 

• ESG indicators

• Ensure compliance with Listing

   Manual and Code of Corporate

   Governance 

• Risk management framework 

• Analyst briefings

Regulators/  

Government 

• Regular site visits and  

 inspections 

• Health and safety  

 compliance

• Environmental  

 compliance 

• Anti-corruption policy 

• Covid-19 Standard 

  Operating Procedures (SOP)

• Implement an Environmental,  

 Health and Safety Committee

• Regular reporting to regulators  

 on compliance issue 

• Establishment of Anti-Bribery

   and Anti-Corruption Policy

• Implementation of 

   Covid-19 SOP

Contractors

• On-site meetings 

• Occupational health  

 and safety 

• Regular site visits and  

 inspections to advocate  

 best practice 

 

Community

• Charity and 

  fundraising events 

• Social media and website

• Impact of the Company’s

  operations on the

  environment

• Corporate social  

 responsibility programmes

 

Stakeholder Engagement

Knowing and understanding the expectations and concerns of our stakeholders is critical for the long-term success of the 

Group. The CSC identifies the Group’s key stakeholders through a systematic stakeholder analysis and mapping exercise 

based on the Group’s impacts on them both directly and indirectly, and their importance to the success and continuity of 

our business. The CSC reviews its approach annually to ensure that the Group is up to date with its stakeholders and its 

method of engagement.

Our significant stakeholders, how we engage with them and address their expectations are summarised in the table below: 

Stakeholder 

Engagement


Sustainability Report 2020

11



Materiality Assessment

By applying the relevant GRI Standards, we were able to identify and prioritise sustainability topics to report. The 

materiality assessment was conducted through a series of engagement sessions with internal stakeholders and studying 

existing feedback of external stakeholders. The material topics determined last year were deemed to be relevant and 

current by the Board and the CSC. Accordingly, the Group’s sustainability efforts for this year have been applied towards 

the following eight material topics: 1) Energy and Emission; 2) Waste Management; 3) Human Capital Management; 4) 

Talent Management; 5) Corporate Social Responsibility#; 6) Occupational Health and Safety; 7) Product Quality; and 8) 

Corporate Governance, Ethics and Anti-Corruption.

A materiality matrix is used to prioritise the Group’s efforts in tackling the eight material topics. The findings of the 

assessment have been plotted in the materiality matrix based on their impact to the Group’s business, and against their 

importance to stakeholders (Figure 1). The materiality matrix of the Group during FY2020 was as follows: 

Figure 1 Group Materiality Matrix

• Energy and Emission

• Human Capital

 Management

• Occupational Health

 and Safety

• Product Quality

• Corporate Social 

    Responsibility

• Talent Management

• Waste Management

• Corporate Governance,  

 Ethics and  

 Anti-Corruption

Medium

Relevance to Group

High

Low

Medium

Level of Stakeholders Concern

High

Low

Materiality

Assessment

# Was referred to as Community Development in the Group’s previous  sustainability report


Sustainability Report 2020

12

United Nations Sustainable Development Goals

In 2015, members of the United Nations unanimously adopted the Sustainable 

Development Goals (“SDGs”) which are a collection of 17 global goals designed 

to be a blueprint to build a more sustainable, safer and more prosperous 

planet for all humanity by 20301. The goals balance the economic, social and 

environmental pillars of development. As a responsible corporate citizen, we 

have a key role to play in achieving the SDGs. To that end, we are aligning 

our business and sustainability strategies to meet the relevant SDGs. We 

have identified 11 SDGs that are relevant to our business operations and our 

contributions are highlighted below. These contributions to the SDGs will help 

us to create a more sustainable business, whilst improving the world we live in.  

SDG

AG's CONTRIBUTIONS

• Our Group is committed to promoting gender equality within the workforce. Our female 

co-workers have an equitable and competitive opportunity for salaries, promotions and 

career development.

•   We offer competitive remuneration packages to our co-workers in addition to training 

opportunities for growth and career development.

•   Our recruitment and selection policy ensures a structured and non-discrimination 

recruitment process at all levels regardless of gender, age, race, religion, etc.

•   Our Group has in place business ethics that prevent the incidence of child labour or 

forced labour. 

•  The Group implements rainwater harvesting system into its development projects, 

realising that freshwater is a precious and important commodity that is crucial to our 

daily life.

•  The Group is fully committed to promoting green construction in our built environment 

and achieving the Green Building Index, which is a system to rate and certify the 

construction of green buildings in Malaysia. 

•  We offer unequalled quality and affordable real estate for everyone. We also launched 

Malaysia’s first private-initiated affordable housing (Tri Pinnacle).

•  To reduce the use of plastic, the Group introduced the ‘SAY NO TO PLASTIC - If you 

cannot REUSE it, REFUSE it!’ programme among Aspenians as well as our construction 

workers to reduce waste and maintain the cleanliness of the sites. 

•  We strive to reduce our environmental footprint by closely monitoring our energy use 

and adopting energy-saving measures throughout our business operations.

• The Group adopts a zero-tolerance policy against bribery and corruption. The Company’s 

Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy sets out the core principles in this regard.

























United Nations

Sustainable

Developmen

Goals

1https://www.un.org/ga/search/view_doc.asp?symbol=A/RES/70/1&amp;Lang=E


Sustainability Report 2020

13

ENVIRONMENTAL 

HIGHLIGHTS

ENERGY &amp; EMISSION

WASTE MANAGEMENT

Environment

Exceeded previous year’s target of 

2% savings in electricity consumption 

within our corporate office in 2020

Tri Pinnacle received the Malaysia 

Landscape Architecture Awards

‘Deconstruction Before 

Demolition’ approach

Conducted awareness campaign 

among Aspenians to repurpose 

plastic materials


Sustainability Report 2020

14



Energy and Emission 

Why this is Material 

The Group is committed to managing its carbon footprint and energy consumption to improve oper-

ational efficiency and be in line with national policies. 

At the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference, the Malaysian government adopted the Paris 

Agreement, which aims to strengthen the global response to the threat of climate change2 . Under the 

agreement, Malaysia is committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 45% by 2030 in relation 

to Malaysia’s 2005 gross domestic product. In order to achieve its greenhouse gas reduction target 

by 2030, the Malaysian government has introduced numerous initiatives/programmes. One such ini-

tiative was the introduction of the Green Technology Master Plan 2017-20303 (“GTMP”), which aims 

to reduce the country’s carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions by 25% in the next 13 years and address the 

threat of carbon discharge on human health and the environment.

Besides the reduction of CO2, the GTMP also focuses on improving water efficiency and savings 

through integrated water management such as rainwater harvesting systems and smart monitoring 

of water usage to facilitate sustainable development. Under the GTMP, the Malaysian government 

have also recognised the need for addressing efficiency in electricity generation and consumption. 

Recommendations include enhancing the energy planning framework to leverage technologies such 

as the Internet-of-Things and electric vehicles among others.

Further, Malaysia also promotes green construction in the country with the introduction of the Green 

Building Index (“GBI”). GBI is a system to rate and certify the construction of green buildings in 

Malaysia. According to the GBI, a green building focuses on increasing the efficiency of resource 

use – energy, water, and materials – while reducing building impact on human health and the 

environment during the building’s lifecycle, through better siting, design, construction, operation, 

maintenance, and removal. 

It is important that the Group aligns our business strategy towards achieving these government 

targets and initiatives, which would allow the Group to do its part in protecting the environment and 

at the same time, reduce operational costs and develop a competitive advantage. 

2https://treaties.un.org/Pages/ViewDetails.aspx?src=TREATY&amp;mtdsg_no=XXVII-7-d&amp;chapter=27&amp;clang=_en

3https://www.pmo.gov.my/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/Green-Technology-Master-Plan-Malaysia-2017-2030.pdf











Environment


Sustainability Report 2020

15

Carbon Emission Reduction and Energy-Saving Practices

Energy Management

In 2020, the Group’s primary environmental footprint is related to the electricity consumption and 

water consumption in our corporate office.  As part of good energy management, we closely monitor 

our energy use on a regular and timely basis to spot any irregularities from the average use and make 

changes where necessary.

Lightings make up one of the most energy-intensive usages in our corporate office. In an effort to 

reduce our electricity consumption, we introduced open-air or al fresco seating to the co-workers 

dining area which utilises natural light instead of relying on lightings during the day. 

 

These efforts helped the Group to exceed its previous year’s target of 2% savings in its electricity 

consumption within its corporate office in 2020. 

However, the Group was unable to meet its previous year’s target of achieving 2% savings in its water 

consumption within its corporate office in 2020. This was mainly due to undetected underground water 

pipeline leaks between the months of June and July, which contributed to a surge in consumption.



Environment


Sustainability Report 2020

16

Digital transformation

The Covid-19 pandemic forced the Group to accelerate its 

digital transformation plans and move away from the physical 

aspects of work. The Group leveraged on e-commerce 

platforms to actively disseminate information and promote 

the Group’s projects and the KANADA-YA outlets across 

Singapore. These efforts kept us consistently connected 

to our customers and at the same reduced the need for 

individual customers to travel to obtain our products, hence 

causing a reduction in the amount of carbon emissions. 

The transformation to a lower-carbon business model is 

an important cornerstone towards achieving a sustainable 

business. The Group expects e-commerce to remain the 

default for the ways things are done for the foreseeable 

future. 

Jan-20

May-20

Sep-20

Mar-20

Jul-20

Nov-20

Feb-20

Jun-20

Oct-20

Apr-20

Aug-20

Dec-20

Consumption/kWh

Month

0

5,000

10,000

15,000

20,000

25,000

ELECTRICITY CONSUMPTION

22,933

21,749

17,638

8,645

19,801

21,743

20,723

20,964

20,617

20,058

19,590

19,901

Jan-20

May-20

Sep-20

Mar-20

Jul-20

Nov-20

Feb-20

Jun-20

Oct-20

Apr-20

Aug-20

Dec-20

Jan-21

Consumption/ cubic metre

Month

Note: The water bill is chargeable to the Group every two (2) months.

0

200

400

600

800

WATER CONSUMPTION

Environment

698

733

646

1161

658

768

763




Sustainability Report 2020

17

Achieving GBI status

The Group is fully committed to promoting sustainability in our built environment. The Group had targeted to promote 

green construction and achieve GBI status and create sustainable landscape design for Vertu Resort in 2020. However, 

the completion of Vertu Resort has been delayed to Q2 2021 due to the implementation of the Movement Control Order 

(“MCO”) by the Government of Malaysia to curb the spread of the Covid-19 infection in the country. 

Sustainable Landscapes

The Group recognises that a well-thought-out landscape design can play a crucial role in addressing growing concerns 

over environmental sustainability. In that regard, we work towards achieving a sustainable landscape in our develop-

ments that are visually pleasing, environmentally sound and cost-efficient.  

A big part of any sustainable landscape design is its plantation. By selecting the right plant for the right place, we can 

reduce the need for water, fertilizer, pesticides and maintenance. It is also important to choose trees and plants which 

are not invasive and could have an adverse impact on the surrounding ecosystem. 

The Group’s overall efforts and the most common species of trees and plants used in its developments in 2020 are 

presented below.

Project List

Palm Tree Species

Other Tree Species

Shrubs Species

Aspen Vision City 

Streetscape

Wodyetia Bifurcata

Samanea Saman

•Carmona Retusa

•Loropetalum Chinense 

Vertu Resort

• Ptychosperma 

macarthurii

• Livistona rotundifolia                 

• Dalbergia oliveri

• Barringtonia asiatica 

• Tabernaemontana 

Divaricata ‘dwarf’

• Spathiphyllum Sp.

Total

261

492

137,419

The Group’s efforts to create sustainable landscapes in its development projects were recognised in 2020 by the Institute 

of Landscape Architects Malaysia (ILAM) when Tri Pinnacle received the Malaysia Landscape Architecture Awards (MLAA) 

under the Developer &amp; Government Link Companies Category. Tri Pinnacle’s receipt of the MLAA honour corroborates that 

AG is not only an excellent builder and developer providing quality construction but a committed trailblazer in its efforts 

to balance the needs of the environment alongside the lifestyle-driven features for its residents.

Targets moving forward 

•  The Group targets to identify measures which can further 

  save its electricity consumption and water consumption

  within its corporate office in 2021.

•  The Group targets to achieve GBI Silver certification and

   create a sustainable landscape design for Vertu Resort 

   in 2021.

•  The Group recently diversified into the business of 

  manufacturing and distributing rubber gloves, with the

  formation of Aspen Glove Sdn Bhd (“AGSB”). The Group 

  targets to leverage on the latest available technology in

  AGSB’s operations which would efficiently use the required 

  natural resources and energy i.e. water, gas and electricity

  in the production of gloves.

• The Group targets to continue its digital transformation 

  efforts in 2021.

 



Environment


Sustainability Report 2020

18

Waste Management

Why this is Material 

Potentially recyclable construction materials being directly disposed of in landfills can lead to 

significant waste generation and have a negative impact on the environment. In the 11th Malaysia 

Plan4 and the GTMP, the Malaysian government echoed this concern and emphasised on a more 

holistic construction waste management based on the life cycle approach in order to minimise waste 

and move towards sustainable construction practices. 

The Group recognises that efficient waste management is an essential aspect of sustainable 

development and can also help to maximise the profits of a project and lower costs. 

The Group also strives to reduce single-use plastic which is hazardous to the environment given its 

non-biodegradable nature. It is important that the Group plays a part in achieving the targets set in 

Malaysia’s Roadmap Towards Zero Single-use Plastics 2018-20305, which is a policy developed by 

the Ministry of Energy, Science, Technology, Environment and Climate Change (MESTECC) with the 

aim of ensuring environmental sustainability and eliminating the use of single-use plastic by 2030. 

Waste Management Practices 

Deconstruction Before Demolition approach 

In line with the previous year’s target, we have implemented a ‘Deconstruction Before Demolition’ 

approach to further reduce waste generation at site and increase the recycled material content in 

construction materials. Different from the traditional demolition method, the deconstruction of 

buildings is a more sustainable way as valuable materials can be recycled and reused after buildings 

are deconstructed.

Reduction of Plastic Usage

In 2020, the Group conducted an awareness campaign among Aspenians to repurpose plastic 

materials rather than dispose of them. The awareness campaign had a positive impact as Aspenians 

repurposed disposable coffee cups and plastic bottles to create planters for the office. This will help 

to reduce the production of new disposable items which often end up in the ocean and ultimately 

pose a threat to marine life and the environment. This is in line with the Group’s target set in its prior 

sustainability report. 

4https://www.pmo.gov.my/dokumenattached/speech/files/RMK11_Speech.pdf

5https://www.mestecc.gov.my/web/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/Malaysia-Roadmap-Towards-Zero-Single-Use- 

  Plastics-2018-20302.pdf









Environment




Sustainability Report 2020

19

Aspenians 

also 

advocated 

their 

commitment 

to 

environmental awareness and consciousness by pledging 

to reduce single-use plastics during World Environment 

Day. In conjunction with this day, Aspenians were 

encouraged to be attired in shades of green. In appreciation 

of the camaraderie of everyone who showed up in green, 

best dressed Aspenians were feted for their enthusiastic 

participation.

Targets moving forward 

• Conduct awareness and communication programmes on

 the importance of waste management among Aspenians.

• The Group targets to install a wastewater treatment 

 plant by Q3 2021 to treat water used in AGSB’s production 

 before it is released back to the environment without 

 pollution.

 

Environment






Sustainability Report 2020

20

SOCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

61% 

of the Group’s key management 

personnel are women

Social

TALENT MANAGEMENT

27

new co-workers hired

1,995

training hours were 

clocked by our co-workers

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Contribution to Food 

Distribution Programme

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

Safe work procedure for prevention of 

Covid-19 at workplace


Sustainability Report 2020

21



Human Capital Management

Why this is Material

We recognise that human capital is the backbone of any organisation, therefore it is fundamental 

that we create a healthy working environment in order to maintain and increase productivity. In 

connection therewith, we strive to provide a fair, performance-based working environment that is 

diverse, inclusive and collaborative.

The Group strives to maintain a healthy, safe and fair work culture with an emphasis on co-worker 

engagement and to encourage co-worker participation in the organisation’s transformational jour-

ney of sustainability. In connection therewith, we align our policies with good employment practices 

to ensure that the rights of our co-workers are well protected. 

Human Capital Management Practices 

Realising Potential with Gender Diversity

Our Group’s commitment to promoting gender equality within the workforce is tangible at all levels of 

employment. Within an equal balance of both genders, a more comprehensive and integrative work 

environment is established. 







GENDER PROFILE AT AG AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2020

Co-workers

Managerial

Non-managerial

55% 

Female

61% 

Female

51%

Female

45%

Male

39% 

Male

49%

Male

Social


Sustainability Report 2020

22

Inspiring Women 

Gendered mindset is the underlying prevention to the progress of women around the world, 

in leadership, at work and even at home. At AG, our female co-workers have an equitable and 

competitive opportunity for salaries, promotions and career development. The Group even allows 

female co-workers to opt for an extended 30 consecutive days of half-pay maternity leave in addition 

to the existing 90 days Maternity Leave (both are inclusive of rest days, off days and public holidays), 

supporting a working environment that empowers women and builds a robust talent pool amongst 

our female co-workers. Currently, 61% of the Group’s key management personnel are women, 

exceeding the national target of 30% in the 11th Malaysia Plan.

Age of Workforce

Currently, our workforce is made up of co-workers of diverse ages, ranging from 25 to golden years. 

34% of our workforce consists of co-workers aged 30 years and below, and 60% of them fall between 

the 31 to 50-year bracket. Only 6% of co-workers are 50 years and above.

The Group’s young co-workers are more progressive, innovative and technology-savvy which allows 

them to adopt the fast-paced internal work environment and organisational culture. The Group’s 

young talents are essential in ensuring the continued delivery of excellence in products and services 

that exceeds the expectations of the young customer demographics of today and future generations.

Whereas, the mature co-workers offer experience and skills that are crucial to the operations and 

management of the Group. 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

The Group is committed to creating jobs for the local community and this commitment is reflected 

in the democracy of the workforce. Despite the local context, our workforce consists of co-workers 

from various races and backgrounds. It is our basic philosophy to provide fair and equal employment 

opportunities for all job applicants and co-workers. Our recruitment and selection policy ensures a 

structured and non-discrimination recruitment process at all levels. In addition to bringing about 

a variety of different perspectives, such as racial and ethnic diversity will also enrich the Group’s 

culture and promote a positive and harmonious environment within the Group.

WORKFORCE 

DISTRIBUTION BY AGE

30 years and below

31-50 years

51 years and above

34%

60%

6%

Social


Sustainability Report 2020

23

Remuneration

Our Group remunerates its co-workers in a manner that commensurates with the co-workers’ 

respective experiences, positions and competencies regardless of gender and this further reinforces 

the gender equality promoted by the Group. In addition, the Group also complies strictly with the 

minimum wage policy implemented by the Malaysian government. The Group’s salary structure is 

reviewed annually in line with general industry practice. Periodic benchmarking checks ensure that 

our salaries and total remunerations are competitive.

Organisational Structure

Currently, 8% of the workforce are in key management positions (encompassing Chief Executive 

Officer, Group Managing Director, Executive Director, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, 

Chief Financial Controller), 36% in managerial positions (encompassing Divisional Directors, Team 

Leads, Managers and Assistant Managers) 56% in the executive positions and non-executive 

positions. 

Targets moving forward 

In line with the previous year’s target, we have achieved a desirable diversity and equality within the 

workplace. The Group once again hopes to maintain the diversity and equality within the workplace 

by employing suitable and qualified candidates regardless of gender, age, race, religion etc. through

competitive remuneration packages within the organisational structure of the Group.

WORKFORCE 

DISTRIBUTION

BY EMPLOYMENT LEVEL

Key Management

Management

Executive &amp;

Non-Executive

8%

36%

56%



Social


Sustainability Report 2020

24

TALENT MANAGEMENT

Why this is Material 

Our Group recognises that the workplace’s welfare and benefits coupled with promising career 

advancement contribute significantly to our business sustainability. 

Talent Management Practices 

Talent Attraction and Retention

The Group is committed to recruiting, developing, engaging and retaining the best talents with 

the aim to drive excellence in performance and business sustainability. In 2020, we hired 27 new 

co-workers and the distribution of this group across age and gender is presented in the graph below.





Number of Co-Workers 

Age Group

Male

Female



Social

30 year and below

31 to 50 years

51 years and above

0%

14.82%

29.63%

22.22%

33.33%


Sustainability Report 2020

25

Co-workers’ Well-being and Benefits

In addition to competitive remuneration, our Group also focuses on structuring a co-workers’ welfare 

and benefits package for our co-workers which include but is not limited to insurance coverage, 

healthcare benefits, increased maternity leave (120 days), paternity leave (30 days), marriage leave 

(3 days), compassionate leave (6 days) and examination leave (5 days).

We offer generous paid parental leave as a benefit to our co-workers to allow new mothers and 

fathers to adapt to this life-changing event. This incentive, especially for the younger workforce with 

growing families, gives us a competitive edge in recruitment as compared to organisations that only 

provide maternity leave. It is important for us to support our co-workers in meeting both workplace 

and personal needs as this will boost co-worker’s morale and productivity at work. 

We promote a healthy work-life balance by offering free gym memberships and fitness programmes 

to maintain co-worker’s well-being. However, to minimize the risk of exposure to Covid-19 pandemic, 

the gym memberships and fitness programmes were put on hold. For the same reason, the Group 

was unable to meet its previous year’s target to introduce new wellness programmes to improve the 

health and performance of the co-workers.

Talent Development and Capacity Building

The Group provides various training programmes for our co-workers to equip them with the required 

core competencies, soft skills and professional knowledge in order to stay relevant and effective.

Leave

  •Annual                   •Medical                  •Maternity               

  •Paternity               •Examination          •Compassionate    

  •Marriage                •Prolonged Illness

Health and 

Insurance Coverage

  •Group Personal Accident                     

 •Group Hospitalisation &amp; Surgical

 •Prudential Employee Benefits Solution        

 •Outpatient Medical Reimbursement

Flexible Work

Arrangement

  •Extended Maternity Leave

  •Work From Home 

Transport

•Company Car        •Car Allowance        •Travel Allowance

•Mileage Claim

Others

•Company Mobile Phone and Registered Line

•Professional Membership Annual Subscription Fees

•Staff Purchase Discount/ Special Packages

Highlights of Co-Worker Benefits

Social


Sustainability Report 2020

26



As part of talent management, our Group has in place a robust performance appraisal system that 

includes all eligible co-workers within the Group. During the yearly performance appraisals, the work 

performance of all co-workers from all employment levels are reviewed by their respective superiors 

and key management personnel. 

Any identified gaps in co-workers’ career development are addressed and training plans are created 

for our co-workers. The training programmes are based on the specific needs of our co-workers and 

in line with their career progression within the organisation. Continuous individual development/

improvement of the co-workers will in turn benefit our Group. 

In line with the previous year’s target, the Group managed to identify potential talent and successor 

to undergo leadership development programmes in 2020. Due to the Covid-19 situation, most of the 

training programmes were completed virtually. 

As at the end of 2020, a total of 1,995 training hours were clocked by our co-workers to enhance their 

knowledge at work or to contribute to their self-development.

Total training hours

Average training 

hours per co-worker 

1,995

13

Social


Sustainability Report 2020

27

KEY TRAINING PROGRAMMES

Leadership Development

LED-2 - Board Business

LED-3 - Board Performance

LED- 4 - Stakeholder Engagement

Mentoring &amp; Coaching Skills Workshop

Contract/ Construction Management

Practical Construction Contract Administration Management

Urban Stormwater Management Manual for Malaysia (MSMA 2) and Erosion and Sediment 

Control Plan (ESCP) Workshop

Occupational Health and Safety

ISO 45001:2018 (HIRARC)

CIDB (Green Card) - Safety &amp; Health Induction Course for Construction Workers

MBAM Seminar On Occupational Safety &amp; Health (OSH) and workshop on Permit to Work 

(PTW) for Construction

12th NRGSHE OSH Conference &amp; Workshop (Integrating OSH in Design)

Risk / Asset Management

Cyber Security Awareness

Mercedes Car Maintainance Briefing

Accounting and Finance

Contemporary Issues in Complying with IFRS/MFRS 15 Revenue from contracts 

with customers

Advance Corporate Tax Issues and Strategies

Tax 127 : Corporate Tax Workshop for Non-Tax Professionals

A Comprehensive Review of Latest Development in MFRS

Managing &amp; Enhancing Tax and Legal Documentations

Practical Preparation of Financial Statement using MFRS for MBRS template

Covid-19: Impact on MFRS16- Leases

Emerging MFRS/MPERS Considerations of the COVID-19 Pandemic

Preparation and Presentation of Consolidated Financial Statements (MIA Webinar Series)

Product/ Software Knowledge

Sales Support Training

E-Commerce Platform Training for Property Sales

Social


Sustainability Report 2020

28

Valuing Our Co-Workers

Recognition is the key to co-worker loyalty. AG’s Long Service Awards reinforce best behaviours, 

highlight achievements and appreciate co-workers for their efforts and dedication.

Awards

No. of Recipients of AG’s Long 

Service Awards in 2020

5 Years Service Award - AG shares worth up to RM5,000

13

The Group’s co-workers are also afforded discounts/special packages when purchasing any property 

in our projects. 



Targets moving forward 

• The Group hopes to continue its effort to offer training programmes based on the specific

  needs of our co-workers and in line with their career progression within the organisation. 

• The Group targets to grant share option under the AV Employee Share Option Scheme to key

  persons who have contributed significantly to the growth and profitability of the Group in 2021.

Social


Sustainability Report 2020

29

Occupational Health and Safety

Why this is Material 

We are committed to doing everything within our abilities to ensure that the Environment, Health and 

Safety (“EHS”) practices are met at all times. This applies to all personnel including our co-workers, 

contractors, clients, suppliers, visitors, and others within our premises to safeguard their welfare and 

at the same time guard the Group against any legal liabilities.

Occupational Health and Safety Practices 

Implementation of Internal Policies and Practices

For the Group’s Property Development Sector, we currently have in place internal policies and 

practices and controls to manage and minimise the risks associated with the safety and health of 

our workplace in accordance with the guidelines devised by the Department of Occupational and 

Safety Health (DOSH).

Our Group’s ongoing initiatives in maintaining a safe and healthy workplace, inter alia, are as follows: - 

(a)   identify and perform regular checks on potential safety and health risks and hazards;

(b)   hold regular meetings and prepare monthly or quarterly safety and health reports for monitoring 

      and management of the processes and risks and hazards;

(c)  conduct investigations on all reported incidents that take place at the workplace and evaluation  

       of the consequences prior to taking immediate corrective and preventive measures or actions;

(d)  provide compulsory continuous safety and health training to all co-workers;

(e) conduct fire safety audits and drills; and

(f)  take strict disciplinary action against violation of any safety and health rules and policies.

With this effective safety and health system overseen by the Group’s Safety Organisation represented 

in the figure below, our Group managed to meet its target set and maintain incidents involving any 

permanent injuries or fatalities at zero.



CHAIRMAN 

(PROJECT MANAGER)

ASSISTANT SECRETARY 

(SITE SAFETY OFFICER)

SECRETARY 

(SAFETY OFFICER)

MAIN CONTRACTOR 

REPRESENTATIVE

SUBCONTRACTOR

REPRESENTATIVE

GROUP QUALITY

MANAGEMENT

REPRESENTATIVE

Social


Sustainability Report 2020

30

We have also established a training programme to ensure that all our co-workers have adequate 

awareness, knowledge and skill to perform their tasks at the construction site. The training programme 

includes:

Stages

Training Provided

Topics/Items

Before co-workers 

arrive on site

• Construction Industry  

 Development Board (CIDB)  

 Green Card Induction Course

• Basic introductory briefing

• General EHS requirement

• Nature of works, hazards and  

 control measures

When co-workers 

arrive on site

• EHS Induction Course

• Site specific EHS rules and  

 regulations (conducted by main  

 contractor personnel)

After completion of 

induction course

• EHS On Job Training

• Specific EHS provisions  

 (conducted by main contractor  

 and assisted by AG personnel)

-  Use of Personal Protective  

 Equipment (“PPE”)

-  Approved working platform  

 and ladder

-  Chemical use

EHS Requirements For Contractors 

EHS is one of our Group’s core values. We expect the same dedication to the EHS requirement 

from the Group’s contractors towards its agents, servants, co-workers, or invitees. On that note, 

contractors shall take all reasonable steps to adopt, implement, and enforce rules and practices 

necessary for the safe and environmentally responsible performance of the contractor’s work.

The measures which the contractors are expected to take include, inter alia, the following: - 

I. inform, educate, secure, implement, and maintain compliance by its agents, servants, employees,or 

invitees of all applicable laws and regulations concerning EHS requirement; 

II. prior to the commencement of the work, participate in a joint assessment of EHS hazards in 

respect of the work to be undertaken; 

III. provide a sufficient number of relevant safety and warning signage within the workplace, to 

remind of safety requirement, regulations and hazards present;

IV. provide appropriate PPE, first aid and firefighting facilities;

V. provide adequate training to ensure employees are competent to do their work;

VI. communicate and consult with its workforce on a regular basis on EHS matters; 

VII.develop an emergency response plan, conduct emergency training and drills for the purpose of 

emergency preparedness at the site; and

VIII.submit a monthly EHS performance report to AG for its review.

The Group closely audits contractors’ EHS performances and gauges their level of compliance against 

applicable requirements and provides a proactive measure to identify any area for improvements on 

the EHS arrangements being implemented. 

Social


Sustainability Report 2020

31

A penalty system is implemented for all contractors for non-compliance with EHS procedures and 

requirements. Penalties shall be issued for all major findings on site which has the potential to cause 

serious bodily injuries, death or dangerous occurrences. However, if there are any repeat issues on 

the non-compliances, the penalty will be doubled for failure to take remedial measures to eliminate or 

control the hazards on site. Contractors will be rewarded back with 50% of the penalty if they manage 

to score above 85% in total for any surprise audit results carried out by the Group from time to time. 

Smart Surveillance

Our Group implements a smart surveillance and safety measure in all our ongoing development 

projects to avoid and prevent untoward incidents through a video surveillance system that employs 

automatic video analysis technology. With its enhanced forensic capabilities, the system can conduct 

real-time search and tracking of people, objects or vehicles, and identify unusual activities. 

Safe Work Procedure For Prevention Of Covid-19

To ensure that our corporate office and construction sites are safe and without risk of Covid-19, 

the Group has put in place various SOPs recommended by the Malaysia Ministry of Health such as 

physical distancing, temperature screening, health declaration, use of masks, enhanced cleaning and 

disinfection protocols, provision of hand sanitisers at all strategic locations, and ensuring availability 

of soap and water. 

The Group also defers large meetings or events and encourages virtual meetings in place of face-to 

-face meetings as a Covid-19 preventive measure. During the implementation of the MCO, the Group 

also adhered to the work from home order from the Malaysian government to help in the fight against 

Covid-19.

We regularly communicate to all our co-workers regarding the importance of adhering to the Covid-19 

SOP to prevent the risk of infection. With these efforts, the Group reported zero cases of Covid-19 and 

we are fully committed to maintaining our efforts.

Targets moving forward 

• To Implement occupational health and safety practices for AGSB.  

• The Group targets to maintain zero incidents involving any permanent injuries or fatalities in 2021.



Social


Sustainability Report 2020

32

Corporate Social Responsibility

Why this is Material 

As a Group with diversified business interests and an expanding presence, everything we do has 

an impact on the communities we serve. Hence, we have to think of communities holistically and 

connect to those that may be less fortunate or are in need of extra help. We aim to improve the quality 

of life and sustainability of the communities where we live and work.

Corporate Social Responsibility Practices 



Chinese New Year Aspenormous 2020 Goodie Bag Distribution 

Aspenians led the way and took to the streets at the Occupy Beach Street event and at the iconic 

Penang ferry on two respective days to usher in the auspicious Lunar New Year 2020. They celebrated 

and shared the festive joy with a multitude of celebrants and commuters thronging George Town. 

With cheery greetings and the distribution of goodie bags full of “prosperity and happiness”, fortune 

cookies and ang pow packets, they painted the town red.

Social 




Sustainability Report 2020

33

Contribution To Food Distribution Programme

The onslaught of the Covid-19 pandemic had brought unexpected hardships to many people, especially 

the marginalised segment of our community. Aspen Group responded to a call for contributions of 

essential items and dry food items to the Food Distribution Programme organised by the Penang 

Chief Minister YAB Tuan Chow Kon Yeow, the programme was targeted specifically for the people of 

the Padang Kota constituency in George Town.

Contribution To Penang Prison

When an appeal from Frontliners came to the attention of Aspenians, they immediately rallied to 

answer the call. All in all, Aspenians with their family and friends raised RM8,000.00 within a span 

of three days in response to the Frontliners’ appeal to purchase protective and medical essentials 

such as PPE suits, hand sanitisers, face shields and other toiletries. These were the items that were 

desperately needed by the prison personnel in their fight against the sudden surge and spread of 

Covid-19 at the Penang State Prison. 



Social 




Sustainability Report 2020

34



Aspen Group Thaipusam Refreshment Stall

Out of devotion and dedication to serve the community, Aspen Group faithfully continued its annual 

tradition of setting up refreshment stalls (panthal) for the duration of the return journeys of both 

the golden and silver chariots during 

Thaipusam. The Group‘s wholehearted 

commitment was reflected in its set-up of 

a magnificent first-of-its-kind stall made 

with sustainable fibre material. Aspenians 

personally served food and beverage to the 

devotees and spectators seeking blessings 

from the Lord Muruga.

Targets moving forward 

This year we had exceeded our targeted 

number of community engagements and 

the Group remains committed to carrying 

out 

contributions 

that 

are 

innovative 

and sustainable to the community and 

environment to better serve the community. 

In that regard, we have targeted at least 

three events that we hope to carry out 

in 2021. 

Social 




Sustainability Report 2020

35

GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS 

PRODUCT QUALITY PRACTICES

No non-compliance with any local 

laws relating to the Group’s on-going 

developments

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE, 

ETHICS AND ANTI-CORRUPTION PRACTICES

Introduced Anti-Bribery and 

Anti-Corruption Policy

Governance


Sustainability Report 2020

36

Product Quality

Why this is Material

 

Our Group is committed to delivering high quality products to its customers and exceed our 

customer’s expectations.

Product Quality Practices

Quality Assurance

For the Group’s Property Development Sector, we have achieved the ISO 9001:2015 quality 

management system standards which help ensure our customers receive homes of the reliable and 

desired quality. Further, our Group has implemented the Quality Assessment System in Construction 

(QLASSIC) created by the Malaysian Construction Industry Development Board (CIDB).  QLASSIC is a 

system or method designed and used to measure and evaluate the workmanship quality of a building 

construction work based on the Malaysian Construction Industry Standard (CIS 7:2014); a quality 

assessment system for building construction works standard.

As part of our Group’s effort on quality assurance, our Group Quality Management performs audits 

and inspections as shown below and resolves any issues discovered as soon as possible. The 

collected data helps with our effort to implement stringent quality control measures to ensure the 

highest standards of product quality.

Type of Audit/Inspection

Frequency

Quality &amp; Safety for all project sites

Monthly

Various departments within the Group

At least once a year

In line with the previous year’s target, there has been no non-compliance with any local laws relating 

to the Group’s on-going developments which are nearing completion namely, Vertu Resort and 

Beacon Executive Suites. Although there has been a delay in the completion of Vertu Resort and 

Beacon Executive Suites due to the implementation of the MCO in Malaysia, the Group expects to 

obtain the Certificate of Completion and Compliance (“CCC”) by Q2 2021. In Malaysia, CCC has to 

be obtained for all building development to confirm that the building is completed and has met all 

statutory requirements with regards to health and safety.

Targets moving forward 

To obtain ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System and ISO 13485:2016 Medical Devices – Quality 

Management Systems standards for AGSB. 

Governance




Sustainability Report 2020

37

Corporate Governance, 

Ethics and Anti-Corruption

Why this is Material

 Good corporate governance and ethics ensure stability and sustainability of the performance of 

the business. It also acts as an effective anti-corruption tool which in turn injects transparency and 

accountability to the business decisions.

Corporate Governance, Ethics and Anti-Corruption Practices 

Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy 

The Group adopts a zero-tolerance policy against bribery and corruption. As part of this commit-

ment, we developed the Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy (“ABAC Policy”) in 2020 which sets 

out the following core principles: 

• Declaring a conflict of interest on a periodic basis and where actual, potential or perceived conflicts 

   arise.

• Adopt a “No gift’ policy, prohibit offering or accepting hospitality subject to certain limited 

 exceptions.

• Allowing charitable donations and sponsorships for legitimate reasons only and political donations

  are prohibited.

• Prohibit any receiving, giving or promising of facilitation payments.

• Conduct due diligence, review internal controls and conduct risk assessment, in particular where

   there is significant exposure to bribery and corruption risk.

• Encourage reporting (whistleblowing) of real or suspected cases of bribery and corruption without

   fear of retaliation or reprisal.

The ABAC Policy applicable to anyone who is employed by or work at AG (whether in Malaysia or 

outside Malaysia and whether permanent, fixed-term or temporary basis), directors (executive and 

non-executive), company secretaries and committee members of AG. It is also applicable to con-

tractors, sub-contractors, consultants, agents, representatives and service providers of any kind 

performing work or services, for or on behalf of AG. 

There were no reported incidents of corruption involving the Group or its co-workers in 2020. 

Whistleblowing Policy 

The Group has a whistleblowing policy in place which allows co-workers to raise concerns about 

possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters in confidence and ensures 

that there is an independent investigation of such matters and appropriate follow up action. Details 

of the whistleblowing policy have been made available to all co-workers of the Group.

There have not been any whistleblowing incidents reported in 2020.

The Group has an internal audit to review the ABAC policy and also the whistleblowing policy from 

time to time to ensure its relevance with changing time and law. Further, the Group also raised 

awareness on policies and practices relating to anti-bribery and corruption among our co-workers 

through internal memos. 

Targets moving forward 

• The Group targets to introduce Anti-Corruption Framework Manual to elaborate the principles set 

 out in the ABAC Policy and provide guidance to the Company’s co-workers on how to deal with 

 improper solicitation, bribery and other corrupt activities and issues that may arise in the course 

 of business. 

• The Company targets to maintain zero incidents of corruption in 2021.



Governance


Sustainability Report 2020

38

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) INDEX 

GRI Standards

Disclosure 

Number

Disclosure Title

Page Reference/ Remarks

General Disclosures

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

2016

102-1

Organisation’s name

Aspen (Group) Holdings Limited

102-2

Primary brands, products and 

services

Chapter 4, pages 40 to 62 of Annual 

Report 2020 (“AR”)

102-3

Location of headquarters

Corporate Information, page 37 of AR

102-4

Location of operations

Corporate Information, page 37 of AR

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Corporate Information, page 37 of AR

102-6

Markets served

Corporate Profile of Sustainability 

Report 2020 (“SR”)

102-7

Scale of organisation

• Social – Human Capital 

Management, pages 21 to 23 of SR

• Corporate Sturcture, page 36 of AR

• Financial Reports of AR

102-8

Workforce information 

Social – Human Capital Management, 

pages 21 to 23 of SR

102-9

Supply chain

The Group does not generally 

disclose its supply chain due to 

competitiveness within the industry

102-10

Significant changes during the 

reporting period

No significant changes in FY2020.

102-11

Report whether and how the 

precautionary approach or 

principle is addressed by the 

organisation

Generally, we observe and adopt such 

necessary precautionary approach or 

principle in our sustainability drive.

102-12

List externally developed 

economic, environmental and 

social charters, principles, or 

other initiatives to which the 

organisation subscribes

Environment - Green Building Index, 

page 17 of SR 

102-13

Memberships of associations and 

national or international advocacy 

organisations

Not applicable in FY2020.

102-14

Statement from senior decision 

maker

Board Statement, 

page 9 of SR

102-16

Organisation’s values, principles, 

standards and norms of behaviour

Vision &amp; Mission and Core Values, 

page 5 of SR

102-18

Governance structure

Sustainability Governance, 

page 9 of SR

Global 

Reporting

Initiative 

(Gri) Index 


Sustainability Report 2020

39

GRI Standards

Disclosure 

Number

Disclosure Title

Page Reference/ Remarks

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Engagement of Stakeholders, page 

10 of SR

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

The Group’s co-workers are free 

to join or not join such recognized 

labour or similar unions without 

contravening any applicable laws

102-42

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders

Engagement of Stakeholders, page 

10 of SR

102-43

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

Engagement of Stakeholders, page 

10 of SR

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised 

through stakeholder engagement

Engagement of Stakeholders, page 

10 of SR

102-45

Entities included in the 

organisation’s consolidated 

financial statements

Financial Reports of AR

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries

About This Report, page 6 of SR

102-47

List of material topics

Materiality Assessment, page 11 

of SR 

102-48

Effect of any restatements of 

information provided in previous 

reports

N.A.

102-49

Significant changes from previous 

reports in the material topics and 

boundaries

N.A.

102-50

Reporting period

1 January – 31 December 2020

102-51

Date of previous report

31 May 2020

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53

Contact point

About This Report, page 6 of SR

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance 

with GRI Standards

About This Report, page 6 of SR

102-55

GRI Content Index

GRI Index, page 38 of SR

102-56

Assurance 

Our Group has not sought any ex-

ternal assurance for this reporting 

period but may consider seeking the 

same in the future.

Global 

Reporting

Initiative 

(Gri) Index 


Sustainability Report 2020

40

GRI Standards

Disclosure 

Number

Disclosure Title

Page Reference/ Remarks

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach                                                  

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary

Materiality Assessment, 

page 11 of SR

Topic-SpecificStandards

Economic

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach                                                                   

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Financial Reports of AR

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

GRI 201: 

Economic 

Performance

201-1

Direct economic value generated 

and distributed 

Compliance with laws and regulations

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-2

The management 

approach and its 

components

Governance – Corporate Governance,

Ethics and Anti-Corruption, 

page 37 of SR

103-3

Evaluation of the 

management 

approach

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption

205-3

Confirmed 

incidents of 

corruptions and 

actions taken

GRI 419: Socio-

economic 

Compliance

419-1

Non-compliance 

with relevant laws 

and regulations

Energy and Emissions

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-2

The management 

approach and its 

components

Environment – Energy and Emissions,

pages 13 to 17 of SR

103-3

Evaluation of the 

management 

approach

GRI 302: Energy

302-1

Energy 

consumption 

within the 

organisation

302-3

Energy intensity

GRI 305: 

Emissions

305-2

Energy indirect 

(Scope 2) GHG 

emissions

305-4

GHG emissions 

intensity

Global 

Reporting

Initiative 

(Gri) Index 


Sustainability Report 2020

41

Water

GRI 303: Water

303-1

Water withdrawal 

by source

N.A.

Effluents and Waste

GRI 306: 

Effluents and 

Waste

306-2

Waste by type and 

disposal method

Environment – Waste Management, 

page 18 of SR

Occupational Health and Safety

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-2

The management 

approach and its 

components

Social – Occupational Health and Safety, 

pages 29 to 31 of SR

103-3

Evaluation of the 

management 

approach

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety

403-2

Types of 

injury and 

rates of injury, 

occupational 

diseases, 

lost days and 

absenteeism and 

number of work-

related fatalities

Talent Retention

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-2

The management 

approach and its 

components

Social – Talent Management, 

pages 24 to 28 of SR

103-3

Evaluation of the 

management 

approach

GRI 404: 

Training and 

Education

404-3

Percentage 

of employees 

receiving regular 

performance 

and career 

development 

reviews

Customer Health and Safety

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-2

The management 

approach and its 

components

Governance – Product Quality, 

page 36 of SR

103-3

Evaluation of the 

management 

approach

GRI 416: 

Customer 

Health and 

Safety

416-2

Incidents of 

non-compliance 

concerning 

health and 

safety impacts 

of products and 

services

Global 

Reporting

Initiative 

(Gri) Index 


Sustainability Report 2020

42




Aspen Group Head Office

Aspen House, 300, Jalan Macalister,

10450 George Town, Penang.

T  +604 227 5000  F  +604 227 5005

Aspen Vision City Sales Gallery

Lebuhraya Bandar Cassia,

14110 Batu Kawan, Penang.

T  +604 505 0505  F  +604 505 0506

Aspen Group Experience Centre

No.550, Jalan Wee Hein Tze,

11200, Tanjung Bungah, Penang. 

T  +604 899 5500  

Aspen (Group) Holdings Limited

80, Robinson Road,

#02-00, Singapore, 068898

ASPEN.COM.MY  |  ASPEN.SG

E: corporate@aspen.com.my

