ASTI
:
INDUSTRY
4.0
CHALLENGES & CHANGES
Sustainability
Report 2019
ASTI Holdings Limited

Content Page
1.
Board Statement .
2.
About this Report ..
2.1.
Reporting Scope and Period
2.2.
Framework.
2.3.
Feedback.
2
3.
 Sustainability Governance
3.1.
Sustainability Strategy
2
3.2.
Sustainability Governance Structure
3
3.3.
 Stakeholder Engagement.
Materiality Assessment .
4.
.5
4.1.
Overview of Material Factors.
4.2.
Environmental...
6
4.2.1.
Energy and Emissions...
6
4.3.
Economic.
4.3.1.
Economic Performance..
4.4.
Social
4.4.1.
Talent Attraction and Retention ..
4.4.2.
Training and Education .
.9
4.4.3.
Occupational Health and Safety..
10
4.4.4.
Supplier Assessment .
.11
4.4.5.
Compliance with Laws and Regulations.
.12
4.4.6.
Environmental Compliance .
.12
4.4.7.
Cyber security
.13
4.5.
Governance.
14
4.5.1.
Anti-corruption .-
14
4.5.2.
Corporate Governance.
15

1.
Board Statement
We are pleased to present our third Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31
December 2019 ("FY2019"). As with previous years, we are committed to the topic of
sustainability and would like to share our progress pertaining to sustainability over the year,
as well as our approach, practices and performance around relevant material factors.
ASTI provides an integrated range of services with regards to the semiconductor industry.
With the growing expectations and concerns with regards to sustainability from various
stakeholders, we believe our business goes beyond simply providing these services and
understand that the consideration of sustainability cannot be left out in strategic decisions.
As such, we endeavour to maintain and improve current sustainability practices and are
committed to have sustainability as a key consideration in all strategic decisions. By
engaging with our stakeholders and assessing material factors, we have updated our
material factors and identified 11 material factors for FY2019 which helped shaped our
sustainability strategy and set time-based targets.
Since the start of the COVID-19 outbreak, we have progressively implemented a series of
measures to ensure the well-being of our stakeholders. We will do our utmost to keep our
staff, customers, and visitors safe while maintain ongoing communications on COVID-19
updates and how we continue to strengthen our measures. This will ensure that we continue
to deliver products and services to our valued customers, with minimal disruptions to our
operations.
We seek to grow our role in sustainability and are sure that this will help enhance our quality
of life while protecting our planet. We look forward to working with you and welcome you
on our journey to sustainability.
2.
About this Report
2.1.
Reporting Scope and Period
This report, published annually, covers the company's policies, practices, initiatives,
performance and goals in relation to material Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG")
factors for the period of 1 January to 31 December 2019 and includes data and information
from said period relating to ASTI, its subsidiaries and their services and products.
Our operations are located in Southeast Asia, Greater China, the United States of America
and the United Kingdom. However, we have decided to focus our scope of this report on
Telford's business operations in Singapore as they are currently the most material to ASTI
due to being headquartered in Singapore and we believe that Telford has the highest impact
on sustainability with 8 factory locations collectively with a headcount of over 3,500.
2.2.
Framework
This report is written in compliance with the requirements of SGX-ST Listing Rules 711A and
711B and has been prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative ("GRI")
Standards
1Sustainability Report FY2019

This report references the following topic-specific disclosures:
GRI Standards
Disclosure
 201 Economic Performance
201-1
 205 Anti-corruption
205-3
302 Energy
302-1, 302-3
 305 Emissions
305-1, 305-4
 307 Environmental Compliance
 307-1
401 Employment
401-1, 401-2
 403 Occupational Health and Safety
403-2, 403-9, 403-10
 404 Training and Education
404-1, 404-2
 414 Supplier Social Assessment
414-1
 418 Customer Privacy
418-1
 419 Socioeconomic Compliance
 419-1
2.3.
Feedback
For any enquires, comments or feedback regarding both our sustainability performance and
 inaugural sustainability report, please send them to enquiries@astigp.com.
3.
Sustainability Governance
3.1.
 Sustainability Strategy
ASTI strives to continually deliver world-class services to our customers to help them
optimise their resource utilisation. As such, it is important that sustainability is considered in
our strategic decisions as expectations for sustainable development is growing.
2Sustainability Report FY2019

3.2.
Sustainability Governance Structure
Board
Sustainability Steering Committee ("Ssc")
Comprises of senior members of:
Administration
Finance
Human Resources
Information Technology
Sustainability Task Force ("STF")
Sustainability Steering Committee ("ssc")
Our sustainability strategy is headed by our Sustainability Steering Committee ("SSC"). The SSC
provides strong direction coupled with an effective sustainability governance framework to identify,
assess and manage the ESG issues that are important to us and our stakeholders.
The SSc is represented by senior members of the Administration, Finance, Human Resources and
Information Technology divisions at ASTI. They provide advice and assistance to the Board in
ensuring that policies and procedures related to ESG issues are aligned with ASTI's business strategy.
Sustainability Task Force ("STF")
The SSC is supported by the STF, which is responsible for driving sustainability initiatives and
programmes across ASTI.
Board of Directors (the "Board")
The Board monitors and evaluates sustainability performance against peer companies in order to
improve performance and to identify areas of improvement. The Board also conducts reviews of the
company's approach to sustainability from the identified gaps as compared to peer companies so
that ASTI will be in a better position to execute targeted actions to address the gaps.
3 | Sustainability Report FY2019

3.3.
Stakeholder Engagement
We strongly believe that stakeholders are an integral part of our sustainability efforts, as
such; it is of utmost importance that we engage with our stakeholders to gain valuable
insights and understand the ESG issues that they are most concerned with, helping to shape
our sustainability strategy and grow our business sustainably. Our approach to stakeholder
engagement is as follows:
Frequency of
Key
Key Topics of Concern
Mode of Engagement
Engagement and FY19
Stakeholders
Highlights
Media releases
Financial Results
Ad-hoc
Business
SGX's announcements
Quarterly
performance and
Investors and
 Annual general meeting
Shareholders
outlook
("AGM") for
Annually
Corporate
shareholders
Annual report
governance
Annually
Employees
Career development
Employees are briefed
Employee
on the handbook during
engagement
on boarding. Softcopy of
Staff bonding
 handbook is available on
Health and safety
a hard disk drive for
Company handbook
employees when
requested. An
acknowledgement form
is signed when
employees read the
 handbook.
New employee
First week of work
orientation
Employees are given an
Trainings
 average of 3 training
hours per year
Whistle blowing policy
Ad-hoc
Customers
Customer
Ad-hoc tour of premises
Customer visits
satisfaction
for customers
Quality of facilities
Factory visits by
Ad-hoc tour of factories
customers
and services
for customers
Health and safety
Surveys conducted and
Impacts on the
Customer satisfaction
customer engagement
environment and
survey
for customers
society
throughout the year
Suppliers
 Supplier selection
Ability to make
Prior to supplier
prompt payments
process
selection
Business
 Supplier assessment
Annually
performance and
Meeting with suppliers
outlook
to discuss better ways of
Ad-hoc
production/distribution
4Sustainability Report FY2019

4.
Materiality Assessment
Annually, the Board conducts an exercise, involving members of ASTI's senior management
team, to review the relevance of ASTI's material factors in order to identify if there has been
any shift in priorities among stakeholders and examine any emerging areas of concern. This
was especially important this year as there were many changes in the organisation. As such,
we have engaged an external consultant to assist management with the development of the
sustainability report.
The identification of material issues involved conducting research on global and local trends
in our industry and material topics identified by our peers and industry best practices. In
FY2019, we have identified 12 material topics reflective of our business directions, as
compared to the 9 reported material topics in FY2018. This is due to a combination of the
sustainability practices in ASTI maturing and our desire to put sustainability at the forefront
of our strategic decision making.
We will continue to assess these material topics on regular basis to ensure their relevance
and importance to our business.
4.1.
Overview of Material Factors
For each material topic, table below shows the corresponding topic specific GRI standards
 and relevant United Nations Sustainable Development Goals ("UNSDG"s).
Material Factors
Relevant Topic-specific GRI Standards
Relevant UNSDGs
M
Energy and
GRI 302: Energy 2016
G
Emissions
GRI 305: Emissions 2016
Economic
GRI 201: Economic Performance 2016
Performance
M
Talent Attraction and
GRI 401: Employment 2016
Retention
M
Training and
GRI 404: Training and Education 2016
Education
Occupational Health
GRI 403: Occupational Health and
and Safety
Safety 2016
TM
GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment
Supplier Assessment
2016
TI
Compliance with
GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance
Laws and
2016
Regulations
5 | Sustainability Report FY2019

Material Factors
Relevant Topic-specific GRI Standards
Relevant UNSDGs
Environmental
GRI 307: Environmental Compliance
Compliance
2016
GRI 410: Security Practices 2016
Cyber security
GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016
Anti-corruption
GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016
Corporate
GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016
Governance
Impact of COVID-19 on Material Factors
Globally, manufacturing industries have taken a major hit from the COVID-19 outbreak. The
disruptions posed by the outbreak could affect the achievement of the ESG targets for FY2020. We
will continue to assess the uncertainties of cOVID-19 on our operations, and the targets for FY2020
will be closely monitored against this assessment and adjusted, if necessary, to reflect the latest
developments of the pandemic.
4.2.
Environmental
4.2.1.
Energy and Emissions
A large portion of our operation costs are attributed to electricity usage in the
manufacturing process. We recognise that an increase in electricity usage also leads to an
 increase in greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions. As such, there is a focus on both energy and
emissions this year.
It is also to our belief that improving our energy and emissions performance will lead to
benefits for our organisation by maximising usage of energy sources, reducing both
consumption and cost.
We acknowledge our responsibility to reduce environmental impacts of our business
operations and commit to minimise our environmental footprints through sustainable
 practices and initiatives.
Management Approach
ASTI places great emphasis on improving energy and emissions performance through energy
reduction initiatives, for example, increasing the usage of shared office spaces and increasing the
awareness among employees on the importance of environmental sustainability and the part they
can play by reducing their energy and emissions consumption.
Regular monitoring of our energy consumption is conducted in areas such as equipment
manufacturing, heating, ventilation and air conditioning by implementing a robust monitoring
system. With implementation of energy monitoring initiatives, we have seen a reduction in
operational costs.
6 | Sustainability Report FY2019

Performance Data
Actual Performance
% change
from
FY2019
FY2018 to
FY2018
FY2019
Target
FY2019
Energy
Energy Consumption
269,379
293,222
+8.8%
To
(KWh)
Energy Intensity
maintain
305.76
281.00
+8.1%
intensity
KWh/m2
within
Emissions'
GHG Emissions - Scope 2
112.86
122.08
+8.1%
10% of
(tc02e)
FY2018
GHG Emissions Intensity
0.118
0.127
+7.6%
levels
(tCO2e/m2)
Energy intensity and GHG emissions intensity has increased by approximately 8.1% and 7.6%
respectively from FY2018 to FY2019 due to an increase in sales. This increase is within target of
maintaining intensity within 10% of FY2018 levels.
Targets
Maintain energy and GHG intensity within 10% of FY2019's levels.
4.3.
Economic
4.3.1.
Economic Performance
It is our belief that in order to deliver value for all our stakeholders, particularly our
shareholders, we have to focus on maintaining a strong financial position by carrying out our
operations in a responsible manner and building resilience throughout our business
operations for long-term sustainable growth.
Our financial performance for FY2019 can be found in the Financial Highlights section and
Appendix 2 - Audited Financial Statements of the Annual Report, to be released in due
course.
4.4.
Social
4.4.1. Talent Attraction and Retention
We pride ourselves on our highly motivated and engaged workforce. Our success depends
on the commitment of our workforce. We are commitment to equal and fair employment
opportunities as we believe in employing diverse talent which is required for growth and
 innovation in our business.
1 This is based on 2018 Grid Emission Factor of 0.4188 kg CO / kWh
7 | Sustainability Report FY2019

Management Approach
All our employees are dedicated to deliver the best customer experience, products and services to
our stakeholders. We collect, track and monitor our human resources (HR) data, including overtime,
vacation balances and the number of training days on a regular basis. We believe in a transparent
talent acquisition system. We offer our employees a competitive compensation and a range of other
benefits. We do not discriminate during our recruitment process and ensure to adopt fair practices
for all the deserving candidates including persons with disabilities offering remuneration as per
market standards.
We also learn from the employees who leave the company through the exit interviews where we
gather feedback and comments. It gives us some key insights on improvement in our recruitment
and talent retention system. Our career development initiatives focus on providing all our
employees with a clear line of sight of their career growth in ASTI.
We strive to promote a culture of continuous performance appraisal for all job grades, encouraging
constructive and open communication between managers and their staff.
These initiatives provide clear insight to our employees to take ownership of their careers and
progress with acquired skill sets. Our employee annual appraisals are based on the career
development framework. We believe in more engaging appraisal system where a discussion with
employee is initiated on their personal development and long-term goals. Our full-time employees
are provided with benefits which include health care coverage, parental leave and retirement plans.
There were no part-time employees at ASTI Holdings in FY2019
Performance Data
FY2018
FY2019
New employees hired, during
9
6
the year
By gender:
Female
5 (56%)
-
2 (33%)
Male
4 (44%)
4 (67%)
By age
Below 30 years old
3 (33%)
-
2 (33%)
6 (67%)
Between 30 to 50
3 (50%)
years old
Above 50 years old
0
1 (17%)
Employee turnover, during the
0
3 (6.25%)
year
Total employees, by year end*
52
45
By gender:
Female
31 (60%)
25 (63%)
21 (40%)
Male
.
20 (37%)
By age:
6 (12%)
Below 30 years old
.
3 (6%)
24 (46%)
Between 30 to 50 years
21 (47%)
old
Above 50 years old
22 (42%)
21 (47%)
*Included transferring out of employees due to divesture of STI Group during the year.
8Sustainability Report FY2019

Targets
ASTI's turnover rate (6.25%) for FY2019 is above industry average of 1.6%2; however, this is due to
the one-time divesture of STI Group.
For FY2020, ASTI will continue to target to have a turnover rate lower than the industry average of
that year.
By reviewing our employee retention strategies ASTI hopes to increase the retention rates therefore
decrease the turnover rate in 2020.
4.4.2. Training and Education
Our success depends on the right pool of talent in the organisation, as such, we believe that
constantly upgrading and refreshing the skills of our employees keeps us in the forefront of
the industry
Management Approach
Our HR department assesses the current and future skills requirements for our business operations
and design learning and development programmes to meet these requirements. These programmes
are tailored to meet the needs of employees and enhance their personal and professional
development. Our on-site training programmes in latest technology updates allow us to stay on the
forefront of the industry.
There are special training programmes for the Senior Management to identify and groom promising
 individuals as part of our succession planning.
We monitor the training needs and progress of our employees on regular basis; this helps them to
take ownership of their career development.
Performance Data
In FY2019, the employees were given an average of 3 training hours each. There was no change in
average training hours per employee from FY2018 to FY2019. In FY2018, total training hours used to
be split between management (92%), exempt employees (6%) and non-exempt employees (1%),
however in FY2019, only management receive training as some employees who were supposed to
 attend training have left in FY2019. New joiners will attend training in FY2020.
Targets
For FY2020, we will set our target to provide an average of 3 hours of training to our employees.
2 1.6% is based on an average from 2019 Q1-Q3 manufacturing industry turnover rate, Ministry of Manpower
9I Sustainability Report FY2019

4.4.3. Occupational Health and Safety
Keeping our employees safe is our top priority as we as we believe that our employees
deserve a safe workplace environment. We are in adherence to global and industrial
standards and guidelines while providing safe and positive working environment to our
employees.
Management Approach
ASTI has a workplace health and safety committee to promote health and safety initiatives and
programmes. The committee comprises of management and employee representatives who work
together to identify any health and safety issues in the workplace, develop and implement corrective
and preventive action plan. The committee also holds meetings on a regular basis and provides
recommendations to improve health, safety and working conditions at ASTI.
There are also established processes to measure and monitor our occupational health and safety
performance. We have maintained standard operating procedures via a safety handbook which all
our employees and contractors comply with to ensure safe work practices and provided emergency
response training and regular health & safety training to our employees. This helps our employees
identify health and safety hazards and respond to incidents such as accidents, injuries and health
hazards.
Fire drills are conducted twice a year to ensure that our employees are familiar with emergency
procedures during a fire. During our fire drills, all employees and contractors are trained to identify
and operate fire extinguishers placed in various locations within our premises. Regular inspections
on fire extinguishers are conducted and signed off. We have displayed emergency evacuation plan in
our premises which is visible to all our employees and occupants. They are instructed to follow the
evacuation plan during an emergency.
Regular maintenance and quality check are carried out on our machines, equipment and work areas
within our premises for any health and safety risks. Our health & safety team conducts safety drills
to identify any potential hazards and to monitor the effectiveness of local risk control implemented.
We have put in place measures to reduce noise and air pollution within and outside our
manufacturing plants. For example, compressed air guns in our manufacturing plants are used in
short intervals and regular maintenance and inspections of the compressors are carried out in order
to cut noise and air pollution. We have displayed signage to use Personal Protective Equipment
(PPEs) to prevent noise pollution in local languages at high noise areas.
With the emergence of cOVID-19, we have implemented a series of measures to maintain a safe
working environment for our employees. Some of the measures include, among other things, travel
restrictions to countries of operations, on-going communications between management and staff,
provision of face masks on premise, and safe distancing among employees.
Performance Data
With zero reported workplace fatalities and zero major accidents among our employees in FY2o19
we have hereby achieved our target set for zero workplace fatalities/ injuries for FY2019.
10 | Sustainability Report FY2019

Targets
ASTI enjoys a good track record of zero workplace injuries and fatalities and would like to continue
having it in the future. As such, ASTI's FY2020 goal will be to continue achieve zero workplace
fatalities and injuries.
4.4.4. Supplier Assessment
Our suppliers form an important part of our value chain as they contribute to our
sustainability goals and business success. Sustainable procurement is important to ASTI for
us to continue to value add to our stakeholders by maintaining transparency in our value
chain and ensuring smooth sailing, high quality and on-time production and delivery of our
products.
Management Approach
We carry out due diligence of all our suppliers based on our strict requirements in terms of
sustainable practices, quality and pricing where we ensure that our suppliers deliver top-quality raw
materials and products.
The suppliers who work with us are required to abide by our values and standards and conduct their
business in an ethical, legal and sustainable manner in addition to meeting the requirements of
relevant laws and regulations, such as the Restriction of Hazardous Substances (RoHS) Directive,
which includes a CE-marking directive3.
We continuously monitor and update our supplier selection process and ensure that only the best
raw materials are used in the production process. Our current suppliers of raw materials for our
production of equipment are monitored on a regular basis based on their performance. Any supplier
that fails to meet the expected quality and delivery requirement is removed from the list of raw
material suppliers.
Performance Data
There were no new suppliers engaged in FY2019. As per the target set for FY2019, ASTI ensured that
all our suppliers complied with the requirements of the Quality Management System IS0 9001:2015
and monitors their performance in yearly basis with regards to product quality, delivery and
response to complaints.
Targets
For FY2020, our target would be to ensure that all suppliers comply with the applicable IS0
standards (e.g. IS09001:2015)
3 "CE" is as an abbreviation of Conformite Europeenne (European Conformity)
11 | Sustainability Report FY2019

4.4.5. Compliance with Laws and Regulations
Compliance with the applicable laws and regulations forms one of the most important pillars
for sustainable growth and is an essential component of corporate governance in any
organisation. Our reputation is what it is today because we strive to comply with relevant
laws.
Management Approach
ASTI constantly keeps abreast with changes in the evolving regulatory landscape and has various
procedures and risk management standards in place. We ensure that all our employees adhere to
company's values to act with integrity and conduct business in accordance with the highest ethical
standards.
Performance Data
There were zero incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations in FY2019, as such, the
FY2019 target was met.
Targets
With zero incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations in FY2019, we have achieved our
goal set for FY2019 and would like to continue achieving zero incidents of non-compliance with laws
and regulations for FY2020.
4.4.6.Environmental Compliance
Environmental laws in Singapore manage externalities caused by air, water, land and noise
pollution. ASTI strives for full legal and regulatory compliance, which includes not only
socioeconomic regulations, but also environmental laws to maintain licence to operate in al
our locations.
Management Approach
Our sites in Singapore are subjected to environmental laws and regulations set by the National
Environmental Agency (NEA), the Public Utilities Board (PUB) and the Singapore Civil Defence Force
(SCDF). We keep ourselves updated with any new regulations on environmental compliance which is
applicable to our business, so that we identify and manage our regulatory risks beforehand.
Performance Data
There were zero incidents of non-compliance with environmental compliance in FY2019, as such; the
target for FY2019 was met.
Targets
With zero incidents of non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations in FY2019, we have
achieved our goal set for FY2019 and would like to continue achieving zero incidents of non-
compliance with environmental laws and regulations for FY2020.
12ISustainability Report FY2019

4.4.7. Cyber security
Cyber security is a key emerging threat in Singapore, as such; we strive to ensure our
defences against such breaches are sufficient in order to protect our and our stakeholders'
interests.
Management Approach
Cyber security is handled by ASTI's IT department which have routinely updated ASTI's Active
Antivirus Server to protect all of ASTI's clients' PCs and servers. They also handle an annual health
check for IT Infrastructure including Servers and Devices (Firewall, VPN Device and Wireless Router).
During this session, the IT department will update the relevant firmware and related important
patches. These updates and checks reduce the risk for the devices and servers to have loop holes or
weakness in security.
In ASTI, users are made to update their password annually to give them an opportunity to reset their
password and reduce the possibility of their account being accessed by unauthorised people who
may know their password.
Other controls include data access rights to particular data folders in the data server only being
assigned to authorised users. ASTI has a good and reputable firewall which is constantly updated.
There is daily back up in place in any case of any breaches such as ransomware; we can easily
reinstall the data from our backup tape. Normal employees have limited access to the server. In any
case of malware, there will lower chance of disrupting the data and OS of the server. The company
website is hosted by external party and not ASTI's own server. This reduces the possibility of hacking
into ASTI's office server. Lastly, ASTI outsourced email services to Microsoft who possesses an
advanced scanning system to scan all emails for possible virus and malware. This reduced ASTI's
cyber security risk significantly as normally the first point of intrusion is through email.
Performance Data
There were zero incidents of cyber security breaches in FY2019
Targets
There were no cyber security breaches in FY2019 and we continue to target for zero cyber security
breaches in FY2020.
13 | Sustainability Report FY2019

4.5.
Governance
4.5.1. Anti-corruption
In ASTI, we do not condone financial crime and are constantly on the looking out for any tell-
tale signs of corruption which leads to dishonest business practices such as conflict of
interests, accepting gifts, insider information etc.
Management Approach
ASTI has robust policies around anti-corruption. All employees are required to abide by the Code of
Conduct and policies on corruption within the Group. During employee orientation, all employees go
through mandatory induction programme, where they are briefed on the Code of Conduct, which
includes information on workplace ethics and the whistle-blowing policy. We encourage our
employees to raise their concerns regarding suspected fraud, corruption, dishonest practices or
other similar matters in a very secured and responsible manner. Any suspicious practices or
inappropriate activities in the workplace are reported immediately by our workforce to the Head of
Human Resources ("HR") and/or any member of the Executive Committee in a fair, respectful and
timely manner. ASTI takes disciplinary action on the employee who is found guilty of fraud,
 dishonesty or criminal conduct.
Performance Data
There were zero incidents of corruption in FY2019, as such; the target for FY2019 was met.
Targets
With zero incidents of non-compliance with anti-corruption in FY2019, we have achieved our goal
set for FY2019 and would like to continue achieving zero incidents of non-compliance with anti-
corruption for FY2020.
14 | Sustainability Report FY2019

4.5.2. Corporate Governance
We strive to have good corporate governance to ensure transparency and accountability at
all levels of our company to protect and enhance value for our stakeholders. We recognise
that good corporate governance processes are essential for enhancing corporate
sustainability. To promote ethical behaviour, employees are always required to adhere to
the Group's policies and procedures. Our corporate governance practices are set out in
Appendix 1 - Corporate Governance Report of the Annual Report for FY2019, to be released
in due course.
Management Approach
We perform periodic review of our overall corporate governance in order to progressively
strengthen our structure and practices. The most recent review was performed in 2019 and we have
identified the following plans, such as further enhancements to:
Existing governance practices involving conduct and culture
Delegations of authority
Director independence and board composition
-
Corporate governance related disclosures in the annual report
In addition, by the end of FY2020, we aim to further enhance the transparency and accountability to
our stakeholders by updating governance policies and documentation such as:
Code of Conduct (for Board)
Director Conflict of Interest Policy
-
 Board Diversity Policy
Any deviation from the recommended guidelines under the Code of Corporate Governance will be
disclosed in our Annual Report for FY2019, to be released in due course.
Performance Data
 In FY2019, there were no incidents of non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations or conflicts
of interest.
Targets
We will continue to strive for zero incidents of non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations or
conflicts of interest for the upcoming year.
15 | Sustainability Report FY2019

