
ATLANTIC NAVIGATION HOLDINGS (SINGAPORE) LIMITED  

(Company Registration No. 200411055E) 

Sustainability Report 2020 

Date of issue: 31 May 2021  




2 



Contents 

Part 1:

Overview .......................................................................................................................... 4

1.A.

Corporate Profile .............................................................................................................. 4

1.B.

Board Statement ............................................................................................................... 8

1.C.

Ethics &amp; Integrity ............................................................................................................. 9

1.D.

Governance....................................................................................................................... 9

1.E.

Reporting Practice .......................................................................................................... 10

1.F.

Risk Management ........................................................................................................... 11

Part 2:

Stakeholder Engagement, Materiality &amp; Material Topics Alignment ........................... 13

2.A.

Stakeholder Engagement ................................................................................................ 13

2.B.

Identification of Materiality &amp; Material Topics ............................................................. 17

Part 3:

Environmental Factors (GRI: 300) ................................................................................. 20

3.A.

Material Topic #1: Environment Protection and Compliance ........................................ 20

Part 4:

Social Factors (GRI: 400) .............................................................................................. 24

4.A.

Material Topic #2: Occupational Health and Safety ...................................................... 24

4.B.

Material Topic #3: Human Resource Management, Diversity and Equal Access ......... 27

Part 5:

Governance &amp; Economic Factors (GRI: 200) ................................................................ 32

5.A.

Material Topic #4: Economic Performance ................................................................... 32

5.B.

Material Topic #5: IT Process Automation and Cyber Security .................................... 34

Part 6:

GRI Content Index ......................................................................................................... 38

Part 7:

Index on SGX Rulebook Compliance ............................................................................ 41

This sustainability report has been reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, SAC Capital Private 

Limited (the “Sponsor”). This sustainability report has not been examined or approved by the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”) and the SGX-ST assumes no 

responsibility for the contents of this sustainability report, including the correctness of any of 

the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this sustainability report. 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms Lee Khai Yinn (Telephone number: +65 6232 3210) 

at 1 Robinson Road, #21-00 AIA Tower, Singapore 048542.


3 





Part



Overview


4 



Part 1: Overview 



GRI: 102: General disclosures 



GRI: 102-1: Name of the organisation 

1.A.

Corporate Profile 

Atlantic Navigation Holdings (Singapore) Limited (the “Company” and together with its 

subsidiaries, the “Atlantic Group”) is listed on the Catalist board (“Catalist”) of the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”). 

This report was prepared in accordance with Rules 711A and 711B of Listing Manual 

Section B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist Rules”), read with Practice Note 7F Sustainability Reporting 

Guide of the Catalist Rules. 



GRI: 102-2: Activities, brands, products, and services 



GRI: 102-7: Scale of the organisation 

The Atlantic Group’s business activities started in 1997 when Atlantic Marine Services 

LLC was incorporated in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (“UAE”) to provide ship repair, fabrication 

and other marine services to ship owners in the Middle East region. The Atlantic Group has since 

evolved from a ship repair, fabrication and other marine services provider to a ship owner and 

integrated offshore service provider. 

As an integrated offshore service provider, we currently operate mainly through our 

subsidiaries, namely Atlantic Maritime Group FZE which is based in Hamriyah Free Zone, 

Sharjah, as well as Atlantic Ship Management LLC which is based in Abu Dhabi, both based in 

the UAE. 

Listed on the Catalist, the Company changed its name to Atlantic Navigation Holdings 

(Singapore) Limited on 31 July 2012, following the completion of the reverse acquisition by 

Fastube Limited. 

Over the years, our dedicated services have enabled us to establish strong and stable 

relationships with various leading oil companies, offshore contractors, survey companies, ship 

owners, ship yards and ship brokers/charterers in the region. 


5 



Our Industry 

Our Services: (1) Marine Logistics Services (“MLS”) 

Our MLS Division provides ship chartering and technical management, principally for the 

offshore oil and gas as well as marine construction industries, currently operating across the 

Middle East region. 

The division is supported by our owned fleet of 20 vessels (including 1 vessel under 

investment in Joint Operation) which comprise of 2 lift-boats (a.k.a. jack-up barges), 1 mid-sized 

DP2 PSV, 4 maintenance utility vessels, 1 work utility vessel, 8 various AHT and AHTSs, 1 crew 

boat, 1 utility vessel and 2 tugboats. The fleet list and the salient features of these vessels were 

presented on Page 11 of the latest Company’s Annual Report 2019 (“AR2019”). There is no 

change to the fleet list in FY2020. 

In addition, we also cross-charter vessels from third parties to service contracts which are 

secured to serve the specific needs of our customers. 

We provide services supporting across the different phases of offshore oil-field 

development encompassing broadly exploration, construction, production, and post-production. 

Below is a list of selected main services offered by the MLS Division: 



Anchor handling operations and towage of vessels including drilling rigs, construction barges 

etc. 



Supporting offshore diving and seismic survey operations, including Remotely Operated 

Vehicles (“ROV”)  



Transporting materials and structures for offshore construction and installation 



Assisting pipe-laying, cable-laying, jacket commissioning or decommissioning 



Providing standby duties such as fire-fighting duties and anti-pollution and prevention measures 



Providing supply services for production and maintenance operation 



Providing support for Single Buoy Mooring (“SBM”) operation and maintenance 



Cross chartering and management of third-party vessels to serve the specific needs of our 

customers 

Primary

• Offshore Marine Oil &amp; Gas Service Provider

• Shipownership &amp; ship management via MLS Division

Secondary

• Ship repair &amp; maintenance of marine vessels via SRM Division


6 



Our Services: (2) Ship Repair, Fabrication and Other Marine Services (“SRM”) 

Our SRM Division provides afloat and supports dry-dock repair and maintenance services 

with the workshop facilities based at our premises at Hamriyah Free Zone, Sharjah, UAE, to 

customers in the shipping and off-shore oil and gas industries as well as to our own-fleet of vessels 

utilised in our MLS Division.  

 The types of services provided by SRM are mainly as follows: 



Fabrication, steel and mechanical works, and carpentry 



Electrical and air-condition works 



Blasting and painting 



Tank cleaning 

Our Services: (3) Project Work 

We also work with other service providers in the offshore oil and gas business to bid for 

projects that leverage off the strength and core competencies of each business. As an illustration, 

Atlantic Ship Management LLC was involved in a consortium which was awarded a US$45.2 

million project for the purchase and removal of decommissioned offshore and onshore facilities 

(the “Project”) in April 2017 by a Middle Eastern National Oil Company (“MENOC”), with 

project completion and closure in 4Q FY2019.  

The Group is currently engaged in similar project work which utilises our PSV DP2 vessel, 

i.e. AOS Neptune, in supporting offshore operations including those involving ROV operations 

and seismic studies where project and coordination work with the end-client and other companies 

providing the supporting services are required.  



GRI: 102-6: Markets served 

Over the years, our dedicated services have enabled us to establish strong and stable 

relationships with various leading MENOCs, Engineering, Procurement and Construction (“EPC”) 

contractors, survey companies, ship owners, ship yards and charterers in the region which currently 

includes Saudi Arabia, UAE, Oman, and Qatar. 

We are a pre-qualified marine support and service provider to various MENOCs and oil 

majors such as Saudi Aramco, Abu Dhabi National Oil Company and its marine operating 

companies such as Bunduq Oil Company, Qatar Gas and Qatar Petroleum as well as international 

offshore EPC contractors including J Ray McDermott, SAIPEM, Subsea 7 and NPCC. 


7 





GRI: 102-3: Location of headquarters 

Our corporate headquarters is based in Singapore, with the registered office details as 

follows: 

Address:  

30 Cecil Street, #19-08, Prudential Tower, Singapore 049712 

Tel:  

 

+65 6812 1611 

Fax:   

+65 6812 1601 

Furthermore, our share registrar’s location is at the following details: 

Name:   

Boardroom Corporate &amp; Advisory Services Pte. Ltd.  

Address:  

50 Raffles Place, #32-01 Singapore Land Tower, Singapore 048623 



GRI: 102-4: Location of operations 

While we are registered and headquartered in Singapore, our main operations are in the 

Middle East, principally in UAE and Saudi Arabia. 

The business office addresses of our main subsidiaries are as follows:  

(i)  

Atlantic Maritime Group FZE (“AMG FZE”) 

Address: Plot No. HD-02 P.O. Box 6653, Hamriyah Free Zone, Sharjah, United Arab 

Emirates 

Tel: +971 6 5263577 

Fax: +971 6 5260292 

(ii)  

Atlantic Ship Management LLC (“ASM LLC”) 

Address: P.O. Box 37288 Abu Dhabi, Unit 205, Al Salam Street, Al Salam HQ Building, 

Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates 

Tel: +971 2 4453838 

Fax: +971 2 4453837  



GRI: 102-5: Ownership and legal form 



GRI: 102-45: Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Our ownership and legal form as well as the entities included in the audited consolidated 

financial statements, being the Company and its subsidiaries, are presented on Page 16 of AR2019. 

There is no change to the list of entities in FY2020. 


8 





GRI: 102-9: Supply chain 



GRI: 102-10: Significant changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain 

The supply chain involves mainly the clients, the operations involving the MLS and SRM 

operations and the suppliers as summarised on Pages 5 and 6 of this report. There have been no 

significant changes in supply chain from the last sustainability report. 



GRI: 102-12: External initiatives 



GRI: 102-54: Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

Atlantic Group conducts its operations in line with external initiatives, specifically with 

Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards - Core Option, and being committed and in 

compliance with several global industry standards and codes, such as IMO, SOLAS, MARPOL. 

1.B.

Board Statement 



GRI: 102-14: Statement from senior decision-maker 



GRI: 102-32: Highest governance body’s role in sustainability 

reporting 

The operations of the Atlantic Group are managed by the senior management, currently the 

Chief Executive Officer who is also an Executive Director of the Company, the Chief Financial 

Officer, the Project Director as well as the Operations Manager (collectively, the “Senior 

Management”). While focusing on the operational and financial performance of the Atlantic 

Group, the Senior Management is conscientiously being mindful and is guided by sustainable 

business practices being determinants of long-term viability of the Atlantic Group.    

The interaction between the board of directors (the “Board” or the “Directors”) of the 

Company with the Senior Management has enabled the Board to satisfy itself on the way 

sustainability reporting is structured and functioning through the various levels of management. 

The Board, together with the Senior Management, is of the view that this sustainability report 

provides a reasonable and transparent presentation of the Atlantic Group’s sustainability 

performance. In this respect, we collectively affirm that our sustainability reporting is in 

compliance with the third-year reporting requirements under the Catalist Rules. 

This statement also conforms with the revised Code of Corporate Governance issued on 6 

August 2018 (the “2018 Code”) and its Practice Guidance, and specifically, Principle 1 of the 2018 

Code, which states that the Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the 

Company. In line with Principal 1 and Practice Guidance 1 of the 2018 Code, the Directors affirm 

that that the Board has fulfilled its role in considering and determining the material sustainability 

issues throughout this report, and has considered and will continue to consider and further assess 


9 



environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) factors on an ongoing basis in formulation of the 

Group’s strategies. 

1.C.

Ethics &amp; Integrity 



GRI: 102-16: Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior 

The handbook on the Code of Conduct of the Company (the “Code”) sets out the standards 

of behavior expected all of the employees of the Atlantic Group who are to comply with all existing 

and applicable laws and regulations in locations where they operate including, but not limited to, 

compliance to laws relating to fraud, corruption, bribery and all criminal offenses as well as all 

policies related to Health, Safety and Environment (“HSE”) as per the respective manuals of the 

Atlantic Group. We aim to achieve the highest levels of corporate ethics and transparency through 

sound corporate governance and appropriate internal controls.  

The Group has a whistle-blowing policy whereby employees may report possible 

improprieties and breach laws, regulations, public policies and Atlantic Group’s policies as per the 

Code. All employees may contact their respective heads of department with discussions in 

confidence on such matters, with his/her identity being protected from reprisals within the limits 

of the law. All employees also have access to top management with communication channels to 

the Chairman of the Board, and such matters, if any, are discussed at board meetings. 

There have been no cases of whistle-blowing and no reports of corruption, bribery and 

criminal offences in the Atlantic Group during the reporting period. The Atlantic Group will 

continue to maintain the whistle-blowing policy and other internal controls in place to prevent 

wrongful acts. 

1.D.

Governance 



GRI: 102-18: Governance structure 

The Board of Atlantic Navigation Holdings (Singapore) Limited is committed to 

maintaining a high standard of corporate governance within the Company and the Atlantic Group 

to safeguard the interests of shareholders and to enhance corporate value and accountability.  

The 2018 Code was issued with the aim to enhance board quality by strengthening board 

independence and diversity and encourage better engagement between companies and all 

stakeholders. The 2018 Code is effective for annual reports covering financial years commencing 

from 1 January 2019.  

The Corporate Governance Report 2019 in its entirety can be found on Pages 17 to 37 

while the information on the members of the Board and the Executive Officers can be found on 

Pages 7 to 9 of the Annual Report 2019 and shall be updated when the Annual Report 2020 is 

published expected by mid-June 2021.


10 



1.E.

Reporting Practice 



GRI: 102-48: Restatements of information 



GRI: 102-49: Changes in reporting  



GRI: 102-51: Date of most recent report  

This is Atlantic Group’s fourth sustainability report (“Sustainability Report 2020”) where 

the GRI standards: Core Option is adopted, and there are no material changes in the information 

provided in the third sustainability report dated 29 May 2020. Previous sustainability reports have 

provided comprehensive information which remains largely applicable while the Sustainability 

Report 2020 will be streamlined with discussions focused on targets as per the Material ESG 

Topics.    



GRI: 102-50: Reporting period  

Our financial year end is 31 December (“FY”). Therefore, our reporting period would be 

from 1 January to 31 December. For the purpose of this 4th year report, the reporting period is 1 

January 2020 to 31 December 2020, unless otherwise stated. 



GRI: 102-52: Reporting cycle  

Pursuant to Catalist Rule 711A, an issuer must issue a sustainability report for its financial 

year, no later than 5 months after the end of the financial year. Our reporting cycle, then, is to 

report on the previous financial year’s sustainability activities by the 31st May of each year. 



GRI: 102-53: Contact point for questions regarding the report 

We welcome feedback to the Sustainability Reporting 2020 and its sustainability 

endeavours. For further questions and information regarding Sustainability Reporting, the contact 

point would be: 

Name:   

Mr. Hsu Chong Pin 

Position:  

Chief Financial Officer 

Organisation:  Atlantic Navigation Holdings (Singapore) Limited 

Telephone:  

+971 6 5263577 

E-mail:  

cphsu@amguae.net 


11 





GRI: 102-56: External assurance  

External Assurance of Sustainability Report: 

While this is the 4th sustainability report, we have yet to conduct external sustainability 

assurance over our sustainability report which we are considering in the future. 

External Assurance of Financial Reports: 

External assurance over our financial reports is provided by our external auditors: Ernst &amp; 

Young LLP. As we are still in the midst of finalizing the Annual Report 2020, the opinion of our 

auditors over our financial statements for FY2020 will be updated in the Annual Report 2020. 

1.F.

Risk Management 



GRI: 102-11: Precautionary principle or approach 

Principle 11 of Atlantic Group is concerned with the importance of risk management and 

internal controls which can be found on Page 30 and 31 of the Annual Report 2019 in its entirety, 

and will be updated in the Annual Report 2020. 


12 





Part





Stakeholder 

Engagement, 

Materiality &amp; 

Material Topics 

Alignment


13 



Part 2: Stakeholder Engagement, Materiality &amp; Material Topics 

Alignment 

2.A.

Stakeholder Engagement 



GRI: 102-46: Defining report content and topic boundaries  

The previous sustainability reports provided detailed discussion on our stakeholder-

centered approach and process.  

Stakeholder-Centered Approach to Materiality 

1



• List potential stakeholders, classified as external or internal.

2



• Impact matrix to identify high, medium, and low impact 

stakeholders.

3



• List engagement methods for each stakeholder, based on 

impact importance.

4



• Engage with the relevant stakeholders to the extent that it is 

practical to assess impact rating on a list of potentially 

material ESG factors.

5



• Create a materiality matrix that identifies each material topic 

according to the stakeholder impact rating results.

6



• Elaborate on each material ESG factor identified


14 



Step 1: 



GRI: 102-40: List of stakeholder groups  

The Atlantic Group interacts with and impacts (directly and indirectly) a variety of 

stakeholder groups. As per previous sustainability reports, the list of 9 potentially relevant 

stakeholders below, classified as to whether they are internal or external to the organisation, 

continues to be relevant: 



GRI: 102-41: Collective bargaining agreements 

The Atlantic Group does not have any collective bargaining agreements with employees or 

other stakeholders. 

Step 2: 



GRI: 102-42: Identifying and selecting stakeholders  

After listing the 3 internal and 6 external stakeholder groups, assessment was done to 

determine the stakeholders’ relevance based on the impact they have on us, as well as the impact 

we have on them. A further step adds a column on the right that helps determine the type of 

engagement with each stakeholder group from highest impact to lowest impact stakeholders.  

SN#

Stakeholders 

Classification

1

Customers

External

2

Employees

Internal

3

Management

Internal

4

Shareholders

Internal

5

Creditors

External

6

Suppliers

External

7

Community

External

8

Government / Regulators

External

9

Competitors

External


15 



The results are illustrated in the below Stakeholder Impact Matrix: 

Stakeholder Impact Matrix – with Engagement Type 

Impact on Atlantic Group

High 

-Government/ 

Regulators 

- Shareholders 

- Suppliers  

- Competitors 

- Creditors  

- Employees 

- Management 

 - Customers 

Empower 

Collaborate 

Medium

- Community 

Involve 

Low 

Consult 

Inform 

Low 

Medium 

High 

Type of 

Engagement 

Impact on Stakeholders 

Step 3: 



GRI: 102-43: Approach to stakeholder engagement  

After identifying the relevant stakeholders, the Atlantic Group determines how the various 

stakeholders are engaged with specific engagement methods applied by Atlantic Group towards 

each of these stakeholder groups as per table below: 


16 



Stakeholder Engagement Methods 

SN# Stakeholders 

Principal Methods of Engagement 

1 

Customers 

Company website 

News

Meetings 

2 

Employees 

Company website 

News 

Meetings

Employee events / programs 

Training 

Bulletins &amp; circulars

3 

Management 

Company website 

News 

Financial statements &amp; other reports

Meetings 

Bulletins &amp; circulars 

4 

Shareholders 

Company website 

News 

Financial statements &amp; other reports 

SGX-ST website 

Meetings 

Annual General Meetings 

5 

Creditors 

Company website 

News 

Financial statements &amp; other reports

Meetings 

6 

Suppliers 

Company website 

News

Meetings 

7 

Community 

Company website 

News

Community events 

8 

Government / 

Regulators 

Company website 

News 

Financial statements &amp; other reports  

SGX-ST website  

Meetings 

Government reports 

9 

Competitors 

Company website 

News 

Financial statements &amp; other reports

Meetings (discussion for 

potential areas of collaboration 

given similar industry)


17 



Steps 4:

2.B.

Identification of Materiality &amp; Material Topics  



GRI: 102-44: Key topics and concerns raised 

After determining the most significant stakeholders and their engagement methods, the 

next step is to assess the ESG topics that are most material under present circumstances and 

working environment. Selected internal stakeholders, especially management and employees, 

were engaged to conduct an impact rating assessment on a list of potentially material ESG topics.  

In view of the intense industry competition and challenging market environment, balancing 

the disclosure requirement with commercial sensitivities while bearing in mind the Atlantic 

Group’s continual strong emphasis on sustainability as guiding principles, the Atlantic Group 

assesses the material ESG topics as classified by their specific ESG elements as key areas of focus 

for Sustainability Reporting 2020. 

Step 5: 

Material Topics – by ESG Classification and Materiality Matrix



GRI: 102-47: List of material topics 

            Based on the above discussion, we have identified the following material topics segregated 

by ESG Classification and Materiality Matrix consistent with Sustainability Report 2019:   

Topic 

# 

Topic 

By ESG Classification 

1

Environmental Protection and Compliance

Environmental

2

Occupational Health and Safety

Social

3 

Human Resource Management, Diversity and Equal 

Access

Social 

4

Economic Performance 

Governance &amp; Economic

5

IT Process automation and Cyber security

Governance &amp; Economic


18 



By Materiality Matrix

Importance to Stakeholders

High 

- Environmental 

Protection and 

Compliance  

- Economic Performance 

Medium 

- Occupational Health 

and Safety 

- Human Resource 

Management, Diversity 

and Equal Access 

 - IT Process Automation 

and Cyber Security  

Low 

Low 

Medium 

High 

Impact to Atlantic Group (i.e. internal) 


19 





Part



Environmental 

Factors

(GRI: 300)


20 



Part 3: Environmental Factors (GRI: 300) 

3.A.

Material Topic #1: Environment Protection and Compliance 

3.A.1. Current Policies, Practices and Performance 

The Group is committed to a strong set of environmental principles with our overall policy 

being to minimise the negative impact to the environment associated with our business operations. 

It is the intention of the Group to conduct all of its operations in such a manner as to minimise any 

actions that may endanger or harm the environment.  

AGM FZE is certified to ISO 14001:2015, Environmental Management System since 

2016. We strive to minimise our carbon footprint, manage our water discharge, reduce our 

wastage, ensuring strict compliance to environmentally friendly practices. We follow all applicable 

regulatory compliance standards to prevent pollution or environmental damage to land, water and 

air environments. 

Energy and Emissions 

As a responsible organisation working in the offshore oil and gas industry that accounts for 

nearly 2% of total greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions yearly, the Group has taken proactive 

measures to minimise its carbon foot print.  

To improve our fuel efficiency at an operational level, we have developed respective vessel 

Ship Energy Efficiency Management Plans (“SEEMP”) which AMG fleet vessels are in full 

compliance with, being mandatory for all vessels of at least 400GT. Furthermore, we operate and 

in compliance with the regulations of MARPOL – International Convention for the Prevention of 

Pollution from Ships.  

As our fleet uses low sulphur Marine Gas Oil (“MGO”) instead of heavier fuel oils, our 

entire fleet is already compliant with the stringent sulphur cap regulations which limits sulphur 

emissions to less than 0.5% m/m by 1 January 2020. The MGO sulphur content ranges from 0.01% 

to 0.10% m/m which we actively monitor through bunker delivery notes which would indicate the 

percentage of sulphur at all bunkering operations.  

Fuel Management on Vessels 

To the extent of supporting and being directed by our clients in time charters, our fleet in 

general is equipped with established advanced engines with established manufacturers that are 

outfitted with Engine Control Modules (“ECMs”) which mainly control a series of actuators on an 

internal combustion engine to ensure optimal engine performance. In addition, these ECMs allow 

for continuous monitoring of parameters such as temperature, pressure, fuel oil consumption which 

provide critical information for the crew for operational decision-making. 

Fuel consumption data are analysed by operations manager and technical team to verify if 

the values are reasonable in view of the work environment and sea condition. This data also allows 

comparison with other identical vessels operating in the same field and thereby detect and 

implement corrective actions for overconsuming vessels. 


21 



           GHG gas emissions are managed or reduced by the efficient planning of voyages, speed 

optimisation, just-in-time activities, maintaining optimum trim and ballast, together with well-

maintained engines and use of quality fuel oils. 

Compliance to International Standards or Regulations 

1 

SEEMP 

Mandatory for all ship of 400GT and all AMG FZE’s 

vessels are in full compliance 

2 

IMO 2020 regulation 

sulphur cap to less than 

0.5% m/m 

All AMG FZE’s fleet vessels are using MGO for 

Main Engines as well as for Generators of whose 

sulphur content is less than 0.5% m/m. 

3 

Ballast Water 

Management Plan 

(“BWMP”) 

AMG FZE’s vessels are equipped onboard with the 

required BWMP approved by flag administration 

applicable for vessels due for their first International 

Oil Pollution Prevention (“IOPP”) renewal survey 

after 8 September 2019. 

3.A.2. Future Plans &amp; Focus 

The Group continues to be committed to a progressive reduction of GHG emissions via a 

reduction in energy consumed through its operations. The introduction of ERP system 

implemented in 2020 and online working platforms are expected to reduce the paper 

documentations. The Group also encourages its employees to utilise technologies such as video-

conferencing and online work platforms to limit travel and thereby reduce GHG emissions from 

transportation. 

The International Convention for the Control and Management of Ships’ Ballast Water and 

Sediments (“BWM Convention”), which took effect in September 2017, requires all ships to 

implement a ballast water management plan (“BWMP”). All ships are also required to monitor 

ballast water discharge and carry out ballast water management procedures according to a given 

standard where our vessels fully comply with. Moving forward, the Group is progressively 

completing the conversion of ballast tanks into fresh water tanks in accordance with the vessels’ 

respective special survey schedules, with the last of such conversions relating to 2 vessels to be 

completed by September 2023, where then the BWMP would no longer be applicable. 


22 



3.A.3. Environmental Performance and KPI Targets 

For FY2021, we intend to focus on the following Key Performance Indicators (“KPIs”): 

#

KPI

FY2019

FY2020

FY2021 Target

1 % of sulphur content in fuel 

0.01% - 

0.10% 

m/m 

0.01% - 

0.10% 

m/m 

Continue to be in full 

compliance 

2 Number of oil spills or 

hazardous chemical spills 

0 

0 

Target to remain at zero 

3 

Penalties received for violation 

of environmental rules 

including MARPOL, SEEMP 

0 

0 

Target to remain at zero 

We continue to monitor the electricity and water consumption at our main office in 

Hamriyah, UAE, which includes workshop where the SRM operations are performed. The table 

below depicts the level of electricity and water consumption for FY2019 and FY2020:     

Utilities KPI 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY2021 Target 

Total Electricity Consumption at 

office, including SRM Workshop 

Operations (KWH) 

267,360 

274,480, or 

2.7% increase 

y-o-y

To limit increase, if 

any, in line with 

activity levels with 

changes in Group 

revenue as a proxy 

Total Water Consumption (Gallons) 

418,896 

337,935, or 

19.3% 

decrease y-o-y

While main office headcount and operations remain stable, SRM activities increased significantly 

by 37.2% from US$1.91 mil in FY2019 to US$2.62 mil in FY2020 (including internal revenue for 

work on own vessels which are eliminated on group consolidation) which contributed to the 

increase in total electricity consumption in FY2020. 


23 





Part



Social Factors

(GRI: 400)


24 



Part 4: Social Factors (GRI: 400) 

4.A.

 Material Topic #2: Occupational Health and Safety 

4.A.1. Current Policies, Practices and Performance 

The Group believes that the safe operation of vessels, safety of its employees (including 

contractors and all persons working under its control), together with the public are of paramount 

importance and the overriding responsibilities and considerations in carrying out its diverse marine 

operations. 

The Group maintains strict control programs to monitor and control its operational risks. 

We remain focused on increasing Occupational Health and Safety (“OHS”) awareness amongst 

our employees and crew. Structured safety meetings are held and safety trainings were regularly 

organised for them throughout the year. 

The Stop Work policy of the Group provides the authority to all relevant designated 

employees or contractors to stop an activity if, in his/her opinion or judgment, the activity is 

deemed to be an unsafe or risky behavior. 

As ship manager, AMG FZE has successfully implemented and maintained an integrated 

management system in compliance with the latest ISO standards in Quality, Safety and 

Environment. AMG FZE follows a risk-based approach and proactive method of implementing 

control measures or taking preventive actions to minimise accident rates. 

Industrial Standards 

As one of the leading offshore companies operating mainly in the Middle East, the Group 

is fully committed to complying with applicable international standards, regulations and statutory 

requirements from: 



International Maritime Organization (“IMO”) conventions 



International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea (“SOLAS”) 



Maritime Labor Convention (“MLC”) 



International Organization for Standardization (“ISO”)


25 





GRI: 102-13: Membership of associations 

The Atlantic Group complies with various OHS-related standards and accreditations, 

including as per the table below in addition to other specific requirements from our clients, and 

receive audit reports concerning our level of compliance to ensure that the Atlantic Group abides 

by the highest OHS standards.: 

OHS Standards 

Applicability 

1 Maritime Labor Convention (MLC) 

Mandatory 

2 International Safety Management (ISM) System

Mandatory

3 International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 

45001:2018 – Occupational Health &amp; Safety Management 

System (OHSMS)

Voluntary 

4.A.2. Future Plans &amp; Focus

Compliance with various OHS standards is critical to continue to serve our existing 

contracts and to secure and tender for new contracts from clients — whether existing and 

new. In order to ensure this into the future, we strive to not only meet the current standards, 

but to also proactively anticipate and prepare our fleet for any future possible OHS standards 

that may arise — whether from clients or from global/industrial initiatives.  

In order to achieve this proactive compliance, we constantly keep ourselves abreast with 

OHS developments and their impacts through close interactions across the operational divisions 

as well as external clients, and continuously plan for and implement new measures to improve 

OHS elements within the Atlantic Group. 


26 



4.A.3. OHS Performance and KPI Targets 

For FY2021, we intend to focus on the following KPIs in relation to OHS: 

#

KPIs 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY2021 Target 

1

Number and type of 

accreditations, standards, and 

requirements, related to OHS, 

complied with 

3 

3 

To maintain, while 

in full compliance 

with MLC, ISM 

and  ISO OHSMS. 

2

Number of OHS standards and 

requirements not complied with 

0 

0 

To remain at zero, 

i.e. in full 

compliance. 

3

Lost time injury (number count) 

1 

(Ratio*: 0.28) 

0 

(Ratio*: 0) 

Target Ratio* less 

than 1.0 per million 

manhours** for 

offshore crew for 

relevant FYs.  

4

Number of hours of training 

conducted onboard 

1,840 

(Ratio***: 

22.2) 

1,840 

(Ratio***: 

24.4) 

To continue to 

increase Ratio*** 

of number per % 

unit, i.e. as a 

proportion, of 

vessel fleet 

utilisation for the 

relevant FYs. 

5

Number of safety meeting 

sessions conducted 

1,076 

(Ratio***: 

13.0) 

1,012 

(Ratio***: 

12.5)  

6

Number of safety drill sessions 

conducted 

1,560  

(Ratio***: 

18.8) 

1,620  

(Ratio***: 

20.0) 

* 

Less than 1.0 per million manhours 

**

Approximately 3.59 million man-hours in FY2019 and 3.35 million man-hours in FY2020. 

***  

Fleet utilisation in FY2019 at 83% vs FY2020 at 81%.  


27 



4.B.

Material Topic #3: Human Resource Management, Diversity and Equal Access 

4.B.1. Current Policies, Practices and Performance 

We firmly believe that our employees as a collective group, i.e. human resource, is one of 

the key stakeholders which drives the operational and financial performances of the Atlantic 

Group. Having a group of key middle-level management employees in leadership positions to 

support the Senior Management is a source of competitive advantage whose experience and 

technical knowledge are crucial to ensuring the long-term sustainability of the Atlantic Group.      

Underpinned by tolerance as to faith, religions and personal beliefs, the Atlantic Group 

believes in and is committed to fair employment practices, with recruitment, promotions and salary 

increment and benefit enhancement based on merit and continual performance. The key foundation 

is in fostering a cohesive work force based on teamwork and cooperation and reinforced by open 

communications across the different levels of the organisation.  



GRI: 102-8: Information on employees and other workers 

The Atlantic Group employs permanent staff in the MLS Division which is based in UAE 

and Saudi Arabia as well as in SRM Division whose operations are based mainly at our workshop 

in Hamriyah Free Zone, Sharjah, UAE with plans to establish presence in Dubai Maritime City 

(DMC) in FY2021. The MLS Division is supported by employees including those in corporate 

functions such as Human Resource, Finance and Administration, Legal which in turn also supports 

the operations of the SRM Division. The employees in the SRM Division are mostly semi-skilled 

or general laborers and are supplemented by daily-rated workers if required.  

Crew members work onboard vessels are not deemed as permanent employees as they are 

mainly on contracts on a “3 months on, 3 months off” basis, with numbers on each vessel 

complying with class society and other requirements and supplemented by further crew members 

in consultation with the end-client. As at 31 December 2020, there were 269 crew members 

onboard compared to 334 as at 31 December 2019. Reduction of crew members is mainly due to 

some vessels at berth and staff in Saudi Arabia office. 


28 



The salient information of the Group employees as segregated is as follows:  

* Top 5 countries for FY2020 comprises mainly from the South Asia sub-region including 

India, Bangladesh, Pakistan, as well as Singapore and the Philippines. 

Top 5 countries for FY2019 comprises mainly from the South Asia sub-region including 

India, Bangladesh, Pakistan and Nepal, as well as the Philippines. 

Employee Information Segregation  

(Number count, except % as indicated) 

As at 31 Dec 2019 

As at 31 Dec 2020 

Overall 

161

167

- Countries Represented

20

21

- Concentration of Top 5 countries* represented

82.0%

83.2%

Division: MLS 

94

86

Of which based at:

- UAE

67

67

- Saudi Arabia

27

19

Diversity: 

- Countries Represented

19

17

- Concentration of Top 5 countries* represented

74.5%

76.7%

Division: SRM, based at Hamriyah Free Zone, 

Sharjah, UAE 

67

81

Diversity: 

- Countries Represented

7

8

- Concentration of Top 5 countries* represented 

(5th country consisting of 4 countries of only 1 

personnel)

97.0%

93.8%


29 



Our Corporate Social Responsibilities (“CSR”) Initiatives  

            For many years, the Atlantic Group has been involved in the annual Singapore Food Fair 

held in Dubai, UAE. This is annual charity event being organised and collaborated with our 

Singapore Consulate, Dubai. Singaporeans who reside in UAE are encouraged to participate in 

this annual event. A percentage of the sale proceeds from our stall would be contributed to a local 

registered UAE charity organisation as nominated by our Singapore Consulate. During the main 

festive periods such as Chinese New Year, Ramadan, Eid, Diwali and Christmas, as a gesture of 

support and unity during such festivities, we distribute free meals to workers and staff. During the 

UAE national day, we contribute and donate small amount of money to Hamriyah Free Zone, 

Sharjah, UAE where we operate to contribute to festivities and celebrations. 

            In view of the COVID-19 pandemic, the abovementioned activities have ceased 

temporarily in FY2020. The Group will look to continue these initiatives at the appropriate 

juncture. 

4.B.2. Future Plans &amp; Focus  

Diversity of Nationalities in Workforce 

Given that the UAE's population profile comprises of about 80% expatriates, our 

permanent employees come from various countries with different cultures, educational 

backgrounds and work experience. We will continue to be mindful of the number of nationalities 

represented as well as the concentration in numbers so that no nationality dominates the workforce 

and the Atlantic Group continues to benefit from cultural diversity.  

Staff Turnover 

Staff turnover is reduced in FY2020. We intend to lower the staff turnover so that with a 

more stable base of employees, it would lead to continuity and enhanced productivity and 

efficiency through familiarity and team cohesiveness as well as grooming longer-serving 

employees with growth potential to leadership positions through accumulation of experience at the 

Atlantic Group.  

Gender Mix and Equal Access 

Traditionally, the offshore oil and gas industry where our MLS and SRM Divisions serve 

are staffed by the male gender. While overall consideration are based on merit and suitability based 

on nature of job scope, we strive to equal access by placing emphasis on gender mix so that there 

is further diversity to benefit from more well-rounded perspectives and diversity of views with 

female staff participation in the Atlantic Group. More importantly, we aspire to fill leadership and 

supervisory positions with female staff especially in more relevant areas involving corporate 

functions where the Atlantic Group will benefit from leadership balance and diversity and with a 

view to enhance efficiency over time. 


30 



To the extent that it is within our control, given the traditional, cultural and resource backgrounds 

in Saudi Arabia and nature of work where SRM work is less suitable to the female gender, we will 

primarily focus on enhancing the diversity and gender mix on the workforce in UAE within MLS 

where our female employees currently reside.  

4.B.3. Human Resource Performance and KPI Targets 

For FY2021, in view of the above discussion, we intend to focus on the following KPIs in 

relation to Human Resource as a key stakeholder group: 

#

KPIs 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY2021 Target 

1

Group overall: 

Diversity of workforce with countries 

representation; Concentration of Top 

5 countries represented 

20 

Nationalities;

82.0% 

21 

Nationalities;

83.2%  

Continue to monitor 

for stability of 

workforce  

2

Staff Turnover (%)   

27.4% 

22.0% 

Target to reduce for 

continuity, allowing 

for stability of 

organisation, 

promotion and 

career progression 

for employees 

3

Gender Mix, i.e. Female staff as 

proportion of all staff in MLS 

Division in UAE  

20.9%, 

14 out of 67 

23.9%, 

16 out of 67 

To monitor and 

review for scope for 

increase, where 

enhanced female 

diversity would 

result incremental 

benefit to the 

organisation 

4

Female staff in Leadership and 

Supervisory Positions 

6 

8 

5

Salaries of Female in Leadership and 

Supervisory Positions as % of Total 

Salaries in MLS Division in UAE 

8.9% 

14.6% 

6

Salaries of All Female staff as % of 

Total Salaries of MLS Division in 

UAE  

12.6% 

18.1% 


31 





Part





Governance &amp; 

Economic 

Factors

(GRI: 200)


32 



Part 5: Governance &amp; Economic Factors (GRI: 200) 

5.A.

Material Topic #4: Economic Performance 

5.A.1. Current Policies, Practices and Performance 

Given the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and continuing subdued and volatility in oil 

prices, and general oversupply of vessels resulting in competitive pressures on charter rates, 

many offshore oil &amp; marine companies including the Atlantic Group have been under significant 

financial pressures. Apart from operating expenditures, with offshore industry being capital 

intensive business, there are various demands for cash outflows including the continuing need to 

service loans and interest payments as well as spending on capital expenditures and maintenance 

resulting from respective annual and special surveys of the vessel fleet.  

The Atlantic Group balances and actively manages the needs of these various operating, 

investing and financing requirements of the various respective stakeholders under the current 

difficult environment to enable the long-term sustainability of the Atlantic Group.  

The Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortisation as adjusted for non-

cash items (“Adjusted EBITDA”) are tabulated, and together with the fleet utilisation rates, are 

disclosed in our quarterly financial results announced on SGX since 2QFY2019. These 

information provide indications of the economic performance leading to the cash generation 

abilities of the Atlantic Group to meet payment obligations to creditors and suppliers as well as to 

fulfil the capital and maintenance expenditures due to annual and special surveys in the upkeep of 

vessels to sustain operational performance.     

5.A.2. Future Plans &amp; Focus 

Our Response to Challenges 

With the current difficult market environment, the focus of the Atlantic Group is on 

maintaining our enhanced level of fleet utilisation to broadly commensurate with the current 

market conditions of our owned vessels supported by our long-term contracts. Sustaining a high 

utilisation rate enables the generation of revenue and cash flows while avoiding unproductive 

operating expenditures as unutilised or off-hired vessels continue to incur cost while not generating 

revenue. In addition, maintaining the utilisation rate of vessel fleet is supportive of the respective 

economic objectives of other various stakeholders including customers, employees, creditors and 

suppliers. 

In view of the challenging market environment coupled with the on-going COVID-19 

pandemic situation which continues to evolve unpredictably, the focus of the Atlantic Group for 

FY2021 is on sustaining the vessel overall utilisation rate to stabilise the Adjusted EBITDA as 

well as its debt and gearing ratio. 


33 



5.A.3. Economic Performance and KPI Targets 

For FY2021, in view of the discussion above, we intend to focus on the following KPIs: 

#

KPIs 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY2021 Target 

1 

Sustaining the fleet 

utilisation rate  

83% 

81% 

Sustain the utilisation rate 

subject to the current 

difficult market 

environment 

2 

Adjusted EBITDA 

generation 

US$19.8mil 

US$13.9mil 

Stabilize  the Adjusted 

EBITDA against the 

backdrop of difficult 

market environment and 

intense competition 

3 

Gearing ratio 

55% 

52% 

Sustain the Gearing ratio, 

i.e. net debt* divided by 

total capital**plus net debt, 

comparable to FY2019 and 

unaudited FY2020 (based 

on FY2020 results 

announcement dated 31 

March 2021) 

* Net debt comprises of loans and borrowings, trade and other payables, other liabilities, less cash and bank 

balances in aggregate.  

**Capital refers to equity attributable to owners of the Company. 

The Atlantic Group continue to work closely with our various stakeholders to overcome 

the current challenging market and industry environment to achieve the above objections. While 

the above economic KPIs are areas of focus and aspirational targets, they are not to be construed 

as forecast or prospect statements for the purpose of Note 10 in the quarterly financial 

announcements on SGX.    


34 



5.B.

Material Topic #5: IT Process Automation and Cyber Security 

5.B.1. Current Policies, Practices, and Performance 

IT Process Automation 

The Atlantic Group is continually seeking to improve its work flows and processes and 

enhance its efficiency, and effectiveness. One of the key areas of focus where such improvements 

can be achieved is through the IT system which integrates the various functions of the Group across 

departments from purchase requisition, raising of purchase orders, delivery notes and invoicing as 

well as interfacing with Human Resources (“HR”) including crewing and payroll requirements.  

Given the nature and importance of IT and the related issues of connectivity and use of 

applicable software and licensing, the Atlantic Group has been investing and adopting IT 

initiatives relating to the above to achieve its end objective to enhancing productivity. With the 

increased levels of activities and complexities in our operations across different countries, the 

focus has been to upgrade our IT softwares to improve efficiencies with enhanced Management 

Information System (“MIS”) capabilities to better enable, amongst others, revenue and cost 

analysis, and strategic decision making. 

In view of the strategic importance of IT, ensuring robust data protection and security is of 

paramount importance to the Atlantic Group. Our efforts are focused on business continuity 

through secured hosting and back-up retrieval as contingency in events of disruptions caused by 

natural environmental events and mishaps (such as flooding, fire etc) or deliberate means through 

attempted unsavoury IT attacks and security breaches with adoption of adequate firewalls and 

updating of security patches and undergoing training to keep abreast of latest threats and 

developments.  

5.B.2. Future Plans &amp; Focus 

The Atlantic Group intends to continue to review our requirement and invest in where 

required to upgrade its IT processes and systems, embrace new technologies, and conduct training 

to enhance efficiency through connectivity and communications and able to react and respond to 

clients and operating demands in a timelier manner. A new ERP was implemented successfully in 

1st quarter of  FY2020. 

We will continue to enhance the capability of the new ERP software with further 

customisation to allow further efficiency emanating from its MIS capabilities.  

International Maritime Organization (IMO) - Cyber Security  

As per IMO, maritime cyber risk refers to a measure of the extent to which a technology 

asset could be threatened by a potential circumstance or event, which may result in shipping-


35 



related operational, safety or security failures as a consequence of information or systems being 

corrupted, lost or compromised. Cyber risk management then encompasses the processes of 

identifying, analyzing, assessing and communicating a cyber-related risk and accepting, avoiding, 

transferring or mitigating it to an acceptable level, considering costs and benefits of actions taken 

to stakeholders.  

With the overall objective to support safe and secure shipping being operationally resilient 

to cyber risks, the Maritime Safety Committee, at its 98th session in June 2017, adopted among 

others, Resolution MSC.428(98) - Maritime Cyber Risk Management in Safety Management 

Systems (“SMS”). The resolution encourages companies to ensure that cyber risks are 

appropriately addressed in existing safety management systems (as defined in the ISM Code) no 

later than the first annual verification of the company's Document of Compliance (“DOC”) from 

1 January 2021. 

The Atlantic Group has completed the formalisation of policy and procedure manuals for 

communications between on-shore staff and off-shore crew to ensure the data security and 

consistency of data transmission for safe and secure vessel operations. Maritime Cyber threat 

management is based on Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability, i.e. “CIA” model when 

assessing the impact levels. Annual DOC Audit including Cyber Risk Management assessment 

was completed on 8 April 2021. 

5.B.3. IT Performance and KPI Targets 

For FY2021, in view of the discussion above, we intend to focus on the following KPIs: 

#

KPIs 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY2021 Target 

1

Dedicated IT Staff to 

support operations  

2 

3 

Target to commensurate 

with requirements 

including IMO and 

sophistication, 

potentially no change to 

FY2020 headcount 

2

IT Expenditure and 

Investments (US$’000, 

estimated) 

75.7 (As 

updated) 

109.6 (increased 

due to new ERP 

system which went 

live in 1st quarter of 

FY2020) 

Target to commensurate  

with activities, IT 

compliance and 

initiatives to further 

enhance data security, 

expected to be lower as 

new ERP system 

already implemented  


36 



3

Compliance with IMO – 

Maritime Cyber Risk 

Management in SMS 

Development 

work to 

formalise 

manuals and 

procedures 

On-going 

compliance, latest  

annual DOC Audit, 

including Cyber 

Risk Management 

assessment  

completed in April 

2021

To refine and update 

manuals and procedures 

to comply with new 

requirements, if any 


37 





Part



GRI Content 

Index

(GRI: 102-55)


38 



Part 6: GRI Content Index  



GRI 102-55: GRI content index 

Item 

Disclosure Requirement 

Reference 

Page  

GRI: 102: General disclosures 

Part 1 &amp; 2 

4 

102-1

Name of the organisation

Corporate Profile

4 

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

Corporate Profile

4 

102-3

Location of headquarters 

Corporate Profile

7 

102-4

Location of operations

Corporate Profile

7 

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Corporate Profile

7 

102-6

Markets served

Corporate Profile

6 

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Corporate Profile

4 

102-8 

Information on employees and other 

workers

Corporate Profile 

27 

102-9

Supply chain

Corporate Profile

8 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation 

and its supply chain

Corporate Profile 

8 

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

Risk Management

11 

102-12

External initiatives

Corporate Profile

8 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Current Policies, Practices and 

Performance

25 

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Board Statement

8 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms 

of behavior

Ethics &amp; Integrity 

9 

102-18

Governance structure

Governance

9 

102-32 

Highest governance body’s role in 

sustainability reporting

Board Statement 

8 

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder Engagement

14 

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Stakeholder Engagement

14 

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Stakeholder Engagement

14 

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder Engagement

15 

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Identification of Material Topics

17 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements

Corporate Profile 

7 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries

Stakeholder Engagement 

13 

102-47

List of material topics

Materiality Matrix

17 

102-48

Restatements of information

Reporting Practice

10 

102-49

Changes in reporting

Reporting Practice

10 

102-50

Reporting period

Reporting Practice

10 

102-51

Date of most recent report

Reporting Practice

10 


39 



Item 

Disclosure Requirement 

Reference 

Page  

102-52

Reporting cycle

Reporting Practice

10 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report

Reporting Practice 

10 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards

Sustainability Reporting 

Frameworks

8 

102-55

GRI content index

GRI content index

38-39 

102-56

External assurance

Reporting Practice

11 

GRI: 200: Economic 

Part 5 

32-36 

GRI: 300: Environmental 

Part 3 

20-22 

GRI: 400: Social 

Part 4 

24-30 


40 





Part





Index on SGX 

Rulebook 

Compliance


41 



Part 7: Index on SGX Rulebook Compliance 

Rulebook Clause 

SGX Rulebook Requirement 

Reference in Report 

711 A 

Sustainability Report 



Throughout 

711 B1 a) 

Material environmental, social 

and governance factors 



Part 2: Stakeholder Engagement, 

Materiality &amp; Material Topics 

Alignment 

711 B1 b) 

Policies, practices, and 

performance 



Part 3: Environmental Factors 



Part 4: Social Factors 



Part 5: Governance &amp; Economic 

Factors 

711 B1 c) 

Targets 



Part 3: Environmental Factors 



Part 4: Social Factors 



Part 5: Governance &amp; Economic 

Factors 

711 B1 d) 

Sustainability reporting 

framework 



Part 1: Overview  1.A. 

Corporate Profile  GRI: 102-54 

711 B1 e) 

Board Statement 



Part 1: Overview  1.B. Board 

Statement 

711 B2 

Primary content exclusion 

Not Applicable 

