


2019 - 2020


Sustainability and environmental,

social and governance (“ESG”)

programmes are key components of

long-term value and business

resilience and they are now more

important than ever with

technological disruptions and business

transformation in the digital age.

Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic

has shown the importance of other

nonfinancial factors that impact

business outcomes such as social and

human capital investment, crisis

preparedness and business continuity

planning.

For Avi-Tech Electronics Limited (“Avi-

Tech” or the “Group”), sustainability

remains an important focus and we

are pleased to present our third

Sustainability Report which documents

our progress as we strive to improve

our performance across all materiality

aspects in a phased approach.

We would like to take this opportunity

to thank our stakeholders for their

ongoing support in our sustainability

journey as we continue with our efforts

in managing the ESG impacts, risks

and opportunities in alignment with

our business objectives in order to

achieve long-term growth and value

creation.











CHAIRMAN &amp; 

CEO STATEMENT

2




O U R V I S I O N

We aspire to be a

local multinational

group with the

capability to provide

efficient support

services to the

semiconductor,

electronics and life

sciences and other

emerging industries

OUR VALUES

We are driven by our

“AVI” core values:

ADVANCEMENT

through technology

VALUE-ADDED

&amp; customer-centred 

services 

INNOVATION

We aim to excel as the

best service provider with

faster turnaround time,

reliability, quality,

optimum production cost

and an extension of our

facilities to meet any

upsurge in capacity from

our customers

O U R M I S S I O N

3


This report covers Avi-Tech’s

ESG performance for the

financial year ended 30 June

2020 for our business

operations in Singapore unless

stated otherwise. The report

should also be read in

conjunction with Avi-Tech’s

Annual Report 2020:

 

http://avitech.listedcompany.c

om/newsroom/20201007_1731

01_BKY_F8NV6MOWDRCJZ0N

C.1.pdf

This report has been prepared

based on the 2016 Global

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”)

standards: Core option. The

report also complies with the

SGX-ST Listing Rules (711A and

711B) and the SGX Sustainability

Reporting Guide.

 A GRI Content Index is included

at the end of this report which

indicates the location of the

relevant disclosures.

ABOUT THIS REPORT

REPORTING

FRAMEWORK



4






Avi-Tech’s Board of Directors (“the Board”) has the ultimate responsibility for directing

the management in the development of its sustainability strategy including

determining the material ESG factors, its due compliance with the SGX-ST guidelines

on corporate governance and sustainability reporting, and the Group’s response to the

attendant risks and opportunities. The Board is updated at least once a year on 

Avi-Tech’s sustainability performance. 

The Board is assisted by the Sustainability Reporting Committee. The Sustainability

Reporting Committee is headed by the Group’s Chief Financial Officer and key

personnel from the various business divisions as well as from the Finance and Human

Resource departments. The committee’s responsibilities include formulating and

implementing sustainability strategies including identifying, reviewing and assessing

the various ESG factors, collecting ESG performance data from the various business

divisions, setting performance targets, where applicable, as well as developing,

managing and supervising the execution of the sustainability action plans.

R E P O R T I N G P R O C E S S

5




R E S T A T E M E N T S

There were no restatements of

figures or information disclosed in

the FY2019 Sustainability Report.

We did not obtain external

assurance for this sustainability

report. We have relied on internal

verification mechanisms to ensure

the accuracy of information. Our

ESG performance data is reported

in good faith and to the best of our

knowledge. ESG data is verified

using internal mechanisms and

checks. Financial statements

included in our Annual Report,

however, have been audited by

independent auditors.

A S S U R A N C E

TThe content of this report takes into consideration the significance of material

ESG topics, risks and opportunities and general sustainability trends and

stakeholders’ concerns and expectations. We have employed the GRI

Standards defining report quality by applying the principles of accuracy,

balance, clarity, comparability, reliability and timeliness.

Data provided in the report has been mainly derived from our official records

to ensure reasonable accuracy and consistency. We have used internationally

accepted measurement units, where applicable, for presenting ESG data.

Financial figures are in Singapore dollars unless stated otherwise.

We have adopted a phased implementation approach to our reporting, which

will be conducted on an annual basis. In adopting a phased approach to

sustainability reporting, we will be introducing more quantitative and

qualitative targets going forward.

REPORT CONTENT AND QUALITY

6

A V A I L A B I L I T Y

This report is available on our

website www.avi-tech.com.sg

F E E D B A C K

As your feedback is valuable to our

continuous improvement, please

send your questions, comments,

suggestions or feedback to us at

ir@avi-tech.com.sg


STAKEHOLDER

ENGAGEMENT

Stakeholder engagement forms an integral part of our sustainability approach.

Our stakeholders have an interest in our business and influence our operations,

products and services, business approach and strategies. Our stakeholders have

been identified as our customers, business partners and suppliers, shareholders,

employees, government/ regulatory agencies and the community.



7


We proactively engage with our stakeholders on a regular, continuing basis through various

channels and means to gain insights into their expectations and concerns, and use these

learnings to make informed management decisions in shaping our business policies and

strategies so as to create sustainable business growth and value for all stakeholders. How we

engage with our diverse stakeholders, their expectations and concerns, and how we respond

to them, are presented below.

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT



8


STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT



9


STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

*Due to the COVID-19 pandemic and safe-distancing measures, including the Circuit

Breaker Measures which were in place from 7 April to 1 June 2020, face-to-face

meetings including analyst briefings and the Group’s AGM have been replaced by

virtual meetings.



10


MATERIAL FACTORS

Our approach to sustainability centres on the management of the ESG impacts of our

business operations on our stakeholders. Our strategy is to manage our most significant

sustainability impacts, risks and opportunities with the aim of creating long-term value for

all our stakeholders.



11


MATERIAL FACTORS

2.

4.

1.

Identification 

We selected the ESG factors through an internal materiality analysis. We identified

sustainability issues that reflect our business’ impact on the environment, society and

economy and their significance to our stakeholders. 

Prioritisation

We shortlisted the issues that represent the most significant environmental, social

and economic impacts of our operations and prioritised the material topics through

an in-depth analysis covering Avi-Tech’s activities, locations, business partners and

customers, engaging with relevant internal key executives of the various business

divisions, reviewing the existing Group management system components, risk

assessment and internal audit results as well as external commentaries on the

semiconductor and wider electronics industries.

Materiality Methodology

We have identified the material ESG factors using the GRI Standards for Sustainability

Reporting which includes guidance for materiality analysis which were then prioritised with

regards to their environmental, social and economic impact to Avi-Tech and our

stakeholders. 

We undertook the following steps to arrive at the list of material factors for reporting:

Validation

We considered the significance of our material impacts to stakeholders and how

they might influence the assessments and decisions of stakeholders. 

3.

Review

We seek feedback from stakeholders on this report to review our material topics

for the next reporting cycle.

12


1.

MATERIAL FACTORS

Materiality Assessment

Our Sustainability Reporting Committee carried out a formal materiality process to

review, identify and assess our most material sustainability issues based on their

knowledge of respective business areas, potential impacts of the Group’s business

operations, insights from their day-to-day engagement with a range of stakeholders and

common challenges facing the industry. The team also considered the Group’s long-term

business goals, aligned these with the sustainability strategies and examined sustainability

reporting trends among local semiconductor and manufacturing companies and peer

companies for benchmarking. For this report, we did not engage external stakeholders

explicitly to elicit their views on the identified ESG factors. However, the internal

stakeholders including the key management and personnel have used their experience of

engaging with respective stakeholders and their understanding of stakeholder

expectations and concerns in prioritising material factors for reporting.

 

Pursuant to a phased implementation approach, the Group has set out in this report the

qualitative targets and where available, the quantitative targets for the majority of the

material ESG factors. We have collected data internally from the relevant business

divisions covering the period under review. In the coming years, we will continue to refine

our data collection and management system to provide information on our sustainability

metrics and to enable us to measure and track performance on a yearly basis. The

objective is to achieve our set targets for the material ESG factors and meet the key

sustainability performance indicators progressively.

13


3.



1







MATERIALITY TOPICS 

&amp; BOUNDARIES 

Arising from the exercise, the following are the materiality factors and their boundaries

that are of priority to the Group’s sustainability risks and opportunities and having the

most impact on our stakeholders:

Environment

Community

Customers

People

Economic

Performance

Governance 

&amp; Risk

Management



14


OUR MATERIALITY TOPICS AND BOUNDARIES

These are materiality factors which we have control or management of. There are other

materiality factors that, while having an effect on our stakeholders, are not within our

control to manage or influence significantly. These include factors that occur within our

value chain but are outside of Avi-Tech’s control; for example, although materials used

in our products may have an impact on the environment, we have little control over

them as most are consigned to us by our customers or specified by our customers due to

the stringent product specifications we have to adhere to. 

Presented below is a summary of our material factors and their boundaries:



15




ENVIRONMENT

We are committed to our Environmental Policy of enhancing environmental

performance through continual improvement in our environmental management

system. Electricity and waste are our primary environmental impacts. Our office

and production facility use power for lighting and air-conditioning and in

particular, our Burn-In Services business division utilises significant power for

conducting Burn-In tests. We also generate waste, including water and effluents

discharge, mostly from board manufacturing and system integration activities.

Our environmental efforts are focused on energy efficiency, reducing and

recycling waste, using resources efficiently and complying with local standards

for waste, water and effluent discharge.

16


ENVIRONMENT

Chiller/CDA Overhaul and Replacement Programme

Air-conditioning System Optimisation

HT/LT Transformer Optimisation

Energy

We aim to operate responsibly within our business activities and to have a positive

impact on the wider environment through the development of energy saving

programmes. Avi-Tech’s energy demand for our operation arises mainly from indirect

energy which is electricity purchased from external suppliers. 

 

We measure and monitor our energy consumption. In FY2020, our electricity consumption

intensity was 45.80 kWh/m2, with the main user of this energy being Burn-In Services,

averaging 54% of total consumption. This compares against 45.83 kWh/m2 with Burn-In

Services, averaging 51% of total consumption in FY2019.

 

Some of the energy saving programmes we undertook /planned to undertake include:        

– Overhaul and regular maintenance of pumps and compressors (FY2019, FY2020 &amp;       

 FY2021)

– Replacement of R-22 (ozone-depleting substance) with R134/R407 refrigerant 

   (ozone friendly) in phases (FY2019, FY2020 &amp; FY2021)

– Replacement of existing equipment to a high efficiency CDA for efficiency 

 improvement (FY2020)

 

– Monitoring and maintenance of temperature at an optimum level (FY2019, FY2020 

   &amp; FY2021)

– Regular maintenance (monthly) to preserve efficiency (FY2019, FY2020 &amp; FY2021)

– Installation of separate air-conditioning units to improve localised hot spots thus 

 reducing general cooling (FY2019 &amp; FY2020) 

 

– Regular maintenance to maintain efficiency (FY2019, FY2020 &amp; FY2021)

– Installation of low space, low maintenance and low operating cost GIS switchgear 

 and redistribution of electrical load on HT transformer (FY2019)

 

17


Other on-going energy saving initiatives included making the switch to using energy

efficient LED lighting in our office and production facility, optimising our air conditioning

system through temperature control, as well as our machines and equipment through

regular maintenance. We also encourage our employees, through awareness

campaigns, to minimise the use of non-essential lighting in the office and production

floor, to switch off electrical appliances when not in use and to make efforts to conserve

water and to recycle paper.

For FY2020, we set our energy consumption target to be below 0.13 kWh per unit and

we achieved our target with energy consumption of 0.1135 kWh per unit for the year. For

FY2021, we aim to maintain our energy consumption target of 0.13 kWh per unit.



18

ENVIRONMENT


Waste Management

Avi-Tech is mindful of the impact that our operations could have on the environment and

have taken steps to monitor and control waste that are by-products of our operations.

This is because we are committed to the long-term preservation of our environment and

climate. Furthermore, we are certified to the ISO 14001 environmental management

standard.

 

We have in place a management system for both general and e-waste to ensure their

proper handling, storage and disposal, as well as for minimising waste generation and

optimising resources through reusing and recycling. All employees are to follow the

waste collection, storage and disposal procedures and to ensure that general waste

and industrial waste are separated accordingly. The business divisions’ supervisors

ensure that there are appropriate waste collection points and storage bins provided

for the waste separation and proper disposal. For chemical waste, by-product and 

e-waste disposal, we worked through authorised channels and engaged National

Environment Agency (“NEA”) licensed waste management contractors to collect and

dispose of them. We also review any new materials, equipment or process changes, to

identify waste generated and waste management methods in accordance with

Environmental Aspect guidelines. 

 

Waste management is particularly relevant for our board manufacturing and system

integration activities. We have put in place a wastage monitoring system which tracks

and sets targets to attain. A monthly data log is submitted which tracks the wastage for

the month. To discourage wastage and inculcate a sense of responsibility towards

materials requisitioned, a system has been put in place for the submission and tracking

of all wastage. Employees have to explain or justify the reason for the wastage which

has occurred. The entire monitoring and reporting system is reviewed with senior

management at quarterly meetings. Strict control is also maintained over stock levels to

minimise potential for write-offs which exacerbate wastage.

We also have an internal recycling programme to recycle, reduce and reuse our solder

dross that allows us to recover pure solder from the solder dross. We utilise lead-free

processes as much as possible to reduce any environmental impact by the possibility of

any heavy metal pollution. In addition, we undertake recycling exercises with our

customers, reusing high cost components.

For FY2020, we aim to maintain our waste generation target to not exceed 0.40% of

total revenue. We achieved our target for the year as waste generated as a

percentage of total revenue is 0.05%. For FY2021, we aim to achieve waste generation

target to not exceed 0.35% of total revenue.

ENVIRONMENT

19


In addition, under our Supplier Code of Conduct, our major suppliers are required to

comply with relevant environmental laws and regulations, obtain and maintain all

required environmental permits (e.g. discharge monitoring), approvals and registrations,

reduce pollution and minimise their use of resources (including water and energy) and

their generation of solid waste and wastewater and identify and safely manage

hazardous substances. This includes, inter alia, responsibly managing emissions to air

(including volatile organic chemicals, aerosols, corrosives, particulates, ozone depleting

chemicals and combustion by-product) and minimising their greenhouse gas emissions;

and adhering to all applicable laws, regulations and customer requirements regarding

prohibition or restriction of specific substances in products and manufacturing, including

labelling for recycling and disposal. 

 

We are committed to complying with applicable environmental regulations. There were

no incidents of non-compliance with environmental laws in the reported period.



ENVIRONMENT

20


Water and Effluents

 

While we do not consume a significant amount of water for it to be a material issue, we

are nonetheless mindful of its value as a precious resource in Singapore. We reviewed our

water consumption on a monthly basis and focused on minimising water consumption in

our business and operations through implementing initiatives which reduced water use

such as promoting water-saving practices, adoption of water-efficient fittings and

equipment and undertaking regular maintenance checks to ensure there were no water

leakages from faulty pipe fittings or equipment.

 

For water pollution (trade effluent control), we ensured that any form of water and trade

effluent discharged from our production processes was treated in accordance with the

NEA guidelines. Furthermore, we sent treated trade effluent samples to a third-party test

laboratory on a regular basis to certify that we had complied with the NEA Allowable

Limits for Trade Effluent Discharge into Watercourse. 

 

In the year, there were no incidents of non-compliance with water pollution regulations

reported.

ENVIRONMENT

21


CUSTOMERS 

Maintaining our customers’ trust depends on our strict adherence to their exacting

technical, commercial and ethical requirements, protection of both our own intellectual

property and that of our customers and business partners, which is fundamental given the

technologically innovative nature of our business and the need for full compliance with

prevailing laws. Any breach of trust or of our legal obligations would have the potential

to seriously compromise our business in terms of the loss of valuable commercial

relationships and /or the undermining of our reputation.

To safeguard our business reputation and commercial relationships, we have in place our

Business Ethics Policy which covers the protection of intellectual property, privacy, fair

business and competition, whistleblowing and protection against retaliation,

management of conflict of interest and other misconduct such as bribery and corruption

and a range of specific policies addressing issues such as responsible sourcing of

minerals. In addition, the Group has issued policies on disclosure of information regarding

business activities, structure, financial situation and performance which are to be

disclosed in accordance with applicable regulations and prevailing industry practices.

For example, Directors and all key personnel are not to deal in the Group’s shares on

short-term considerations, during blackout period or when they are in possession of

material unpublished/price-sensitive information which may set out the implications of

insider trading.



22


an extensive set of operational quality control measures to which we strictly adhere;

regular business reviews with our customers to understand their current and future

capabilities and requirements; and

our own ongoing auditing against the following management system standards 

Customer Standards Compliance

 

As a supplier of total solutions for burn-in services, manufacturing and PCBA services, and

engineering services to the semiconductor, electronics and life sciences industries, we are

subject to a significant body of technical, legal and quality control requirements defined

by our customers. In many cases, our compliance with these requirements is included as a

condition of contract with our customers, making our strict adherence essential. This is

particularly the case with respect to the technical specifications and quality of our highly

sophisticated products. Any slight variations in this respect is not only likely to render them

valueless from the perspective of our customers, but also has the potential to undermine

our customers’ own products.

 

As such, we put a significant amount of effort into understanding our customers’ extensive

requirements and applying comprehensive management systems to ensure that these are

fully met. These include, for example:

 

 

       - ISO 9001 (quality management system standard)

       - ISO1 4001 (environmental management system standard)

       - ISO 13485 (quality management system for medical devices standard)

Similarly, our customers typically apply their own set of compliance measures to ensure

that we are meeting their requirements. This includes auditing of, inter alia, our

management systems, processes and facility specifications, testing processes and

documentation, and materials and product traceability. 

 

We evaluate customer satisfaction with the quality and specifications of our products on

an ongoing basis, using a mixture of individual reviews, analysis of customer complaints

and customer surveys.

CUSTOMERS

23


related restrictive provisions in both our Business Ethics Policy and our contracts of

employment;

robust information technology systems to prevent data leakage; and

access controls to specific project data for employees and third parties

Legal and Socio-Economic Compliance

 

As with all companies, it is incumbent on us to comply with the applicable laws of the

countries in which we operate. This may require increased management if we extend our

global presence into new jurisdictions. In this context, we seek professional assistance in

the countries of our operations to ensure compliance with existing laws and regulations

prevailing in those countries. We also regularly review the local legislations to keep our

policies updated and our employees up to date with global compliance issues where

appropriate.

 

In the financial year under review, we were not subject to any legal sanctions or fines for

non-compliance with applicable laws.

 

Intellectual Property, Data Protection and Customer

Privacy

 

The protection of intellectual property is vital for any business focused on the creation of

innovative and high-value technological solutions. Any failure in this regard could have

profound consequences, for example, on the value of our customers’ and business partners’

inventions and products, as we necessarily access and work with customers’ intellectual

property and/or commercial and technological secrets. This requires a high degree of

trust on the part of our customers, whose business we would lose were this trust to be

broken.

 

We ensure that all intellectual property is adequately safeguarded through the

application of:

 

 

 

In the financial year under review, we received no complaints relating to the misuse of

customers’ intellectual property, losses of customer data or breaches of customer privacy.

CUSTOMERS

24


The nature of our business, which relies on the ongoing advancement of semiconductor

technology, means we are highly reliant on our ability to recruit, retain and develop a

high-quality work force, as well as leading management talent. Our people formed the

core of our organisation and our continued ability to recruit, retain and develop

experienced personnel and managers, is particularly important given the keen

competition for skills within the sector.

 



PEOPLE

25


We take a holistic view towards both recruitment and retention that looks beyond the

provision of competitive financial rewards. We also aim to deliver the kind of working

environment, training and development opportunities and inclusive culture that allow our

people to develop progressive, long-term careers with us.

Employee Profile

 

We employed about 165 full-time staff as at end of June 2020, made up of various races,

nationalities, age groups, and gender. Permanent employees accounted for 95% of our

workforce. The average age of our employees was 42.96 years.

 

Hiring

 

Our goal is to attract and retain the best talent. We offer equal opportunities for

employment and progression within the Group based on merits. Our Human Resource

policies and procedures provide for equal opportunities and fairness in employment

decisions. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, colour, age, gender, sexual

orientation, ethnicity, disability, pregnancy, religion, political affiliation, union membership

or marital status.

 

In FY2020, we recruited 11 new employees. Of the new hires, five of them were women, two

were less than 30 years of age and three were in the 30 to 50 age group.

Diversity and Equal Opportunity and 

Non-discrimination

 

As a signatory to the Employers’ Pledge of Fair Employment Practices with the Tripartite

Alliance for Fair Employment Practices (“TAFEP”), we abide by the principles which stand

for diversity and inclusion and are against discrimination of any kind. TAFEP is an alliance

co-chaired by representing employer unions, the National Trade Union Congress and the

government.

 

We are committed to employing and developing people who have the necessary skills,

experience and values to excel in their relevant roles irrespective of their gender,

ethnicity, religion, disability or any other non-work related or personal characteristic.

Furthermore, we recognise the value a diverse workforce can potentially bring in terms of

creativity, dynamism and new perspectives. In this context, we aim to nurture a working

culture characterised by mutual respect and non-discrimination. 

 

PEOPLE

26


Our workforce represents diverse age groups (see chart). We support the Singapore

government’s policy of rehiring retiring employees to keep them economically active. In

FY2020, we rehired 13 retiring employees.

The globalised nature of our sector means that we enjoy a fairly international workforce,

many of whom work for us in locations away from their countries of birth. We are proud of

our racially diverse workforce which includes at least seven nationalities.

Although it is a reality that the semiconductor sector performs relatively poorly in terms of

gender diversity, our female workforce nonetheless comprises 45% of the total workforce.

Notwithstanding, we will continue to focus on removing any invisible or structural

considerations that may be limiting female engagement within the sector. Diversity in the

Board requires more consideration as currently there are no female representations on

our Board of Directors. The Board recognises the importance and value of gender

diversity and will take into consideration the skill sets and experience, including gender

diversity, for any future Board appointments.

We also respect our employees’ right to freedom of association and collective bargaining.

In the financial year under review, we did not receive any reports of any alleged or

actual cases of discrimination. 

Human Rights

 

Avi-Tech recognises the responsibility to respect and protect the rights of our employees

and support internationally accepted human rights principles and regulations. We abide

by our Labour and Human Rights Policy which advocates, inter alia, freely-chosen

employment, child labour avoidance, compliance with local labour laws regarding

working hours, wages and benefits, humane treatment, and non-discrimination.

 

We did not receive any reports of incidents of labour and human rights violations, forced

labour or child labour in the reporting period.

 

Anti-Bribery and Corruption 

We take a zero tolerance approach to bribery and corruption and are committed to

acting with integrity in all our business dealings and relationships. 

 

In this context, we are subject to national anti-corruption laws, including the Singapore

Prevention of Corruption Act. Our commitment in this respect is set out in our Business

Ethics Policy, which addresses, inter alia, bribery, facilitation payments and gifts, and

hospitality. 

PEOPLE

27


Our Business Ethics Policy which covers a Whistle-Blowing Programme, enables staff of the

Group and any other persons, in confidence, to raise concerns about possible

improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters such as suspected fraud,

corruption, and dishonest practices.

All new employees are trained in the Business Ethics Policy during the induction process,

while all existing employees are provided with easy access to the Policy and Whistle-

Blowing Programme. We communicate our zero tolerance approach to corruption to all

suppliers, sub-contractors and other service providers at the outset of our business

relationship. Our Finance department oversees the implementation of appropriate

controls and procedures to monitor and prevent inappropriate forms of payment across

all our locations. This includes, for example, duplicate or overpayments, and payment

requests to third parties not associated with underlying transactions. 

 

Were we to identify any suspected cases, these would be subject to internal (or, if

necessary, external) investigations. Any confirmed cases of employees breaching our

Policy would result in disciplinary actions (including potential termination) and / or

referral to the relevant law enforcement authorities. Any confirmed cases involving our

business partners would result in the review and potential termination of our business

relations.

 

We aim to maintain zero corruption and fraud incidents across Avi-Tech’s core operations

and ensure that we are not subject to any material legal sanctions or fines for 

non-compliance with applicable laws.

 

In the financial year under review, we did not receive any reports of any corruption risks or

cases of suspected or actual corruption. There were also no whistle-blowing reports

received in the financial year under review.

Training and Development

 

Employee training and education is a crucial part of our people management. New

employees attend an orientation programme to understand the organisation and its

corporate and governance policies. There are also check-in sessions with management to

help in employee engagement and culture building. 

 

We develop our people according to their abilities and job specifications. For all

production staff, twice yearly re-certification is conducted while management staff are

encouraged to upgrade their skills through courses provided by external training

providers such as Workforce Skills Qualification (“WSQ”) and Integrated Assessment

Pathway (“IAP”).

PEOPLE

28


Our employees have access to ongoing opportunities for learning new skills. We

encourage our employees to gain new knowledge, experience and skills even if these lie

outside their immediate job scope. As such, employees are able to request to be sent for

relevant training programmes provided by external training providers.

 

In FY2020, our average training hours per employee was 5.52 hours which is an increase

of 4.0% from the average training hours per employee in FY2019, and the training

expenditure per employee was approximately $475.71 per person (or 0.011% of total

revenue).

 

We are aiming to achieve a 4.3% increase in average training hours per employee for the

next financial year under review and to maintain an average of at least 5.70 training

hours per employee by 2021.

Performance Appraisal and Career Development

Through a performance management system, we enable our employees to meet their

professional and personal development goals. Our performance management system

covers all permanent employees. 

As part of the process, managers hold discussions with their staff at the beginning of the

year to establish goals and are encouraged to have ongoing discussions with their

employees to review progress and to provide coaching and guidance. Yearly

performance appraisals are conducted to encourage self-improvement and to reward

hard work. Promotions are based on recommendations by supervisors according to

performance and aptitude.  

 

PEOPLE

29


Sick and hospitalisation leave 

Hospitalisation and surgical plans

Dental benefits 

Term life insurance policy in the event of death, disability and critical illness (actual

Marriage/examination leave

Staff Welfare and Benefits

 

We offer competitive wages and benefits to all our employees including full-time

staff members and contract employees:

 

 

 

 limits of coverage of these policies vary according to an employee’s grade)

 

 

Taking a proactive approach to the health and well-being of our employees, we also

organise health-related talks and checkups periodically to encourage employees to

adopt healthy lifestyles and to take care of their health.

PEOPLE

30


PEOPLE PERFORMANCE



31


PEOPLE PERFORMANCE



32




PEOPLE PERFORMANCE

33


Compliance with relevant WSH legislations and regulations as well as other

requirements to which we subscribe;

Consistently establishing and maintaining WSH management performance; 

Operating and maintaining our facilities to prevent and minimise risks to the health

and safety of our employees, sub-contractors and surrounding communities; and 

Ongoing communication of our WSH policy to all parties

Occupational Health and Safety

The health and safety of our employees are top priorities for Avi-Tech. In addition to

minimising the incidence of work-related injury and illness, a safe and healthy work

environment enhances the quality of products and services, consistency of production

and employee retention and morale. 

 

Avi-Tech is committed to achieving Workplace Safety and Health (“WSH”) excellence

through:

 

 

 

We have in place operational procedures for risk assessment and management, and

the implementation of workplace safety measures covering occupational safety injury

and illness, emergency preparedness, industrial hygiene and machine safeguarding.

We also recognise that employee input and education is essential to identifying and

solving health and safety issues in the workplace. 

Our Environment Health and Safety (“EHS”) and Fire Safety Committees which

comprise staff from all relevant departments, under the counsel of registered

safety officers, were set up to oversee the implementation of the WSH

management plan with monthly reviews.

Below are the details of the WSH initiatives undertaken:

PEOPLE

34




Our Executive Management holds a quarterly review of the WSH performance report

which covers a summary of complaints, industrial accidents and compliance for WSH and

Environmental Inspection.  

For the financial year under review, we achieved our goal of zero cases of WSH

complaints and industrial accidents, and over 90% compliance for WSH and

Environmental Inspection. We also recorded no cases of accidents and work-related ill

health.

For FY2021, we had set the following goals:



PEOPLE

35


Active monitoring of virus outbreak development and disseminating messages to

employees with clear instructions on measures to be taken 

Staff briefings on the infection control initiatives, preventive procedures and personal

hygiene measures such as temperature taking, hand sanitation, mask wearing and safe

distancing

Appointment of a key point of contact to liaise with the various government bodies on

activation of contact tracing processes at the workplace and to ensure that

employees who have travelled to affected areas follow the travel advisories issued 

Step up cleaning frequency of common areas, especially high touch and high traffic

places e.g. pantries, washrooms, meeting rooms, lifts etc.

COVID-19 Pandemic Business Continuity Plan

As Avi-Tech’s business is classified under essential services, we were exempted from the

COVID-19 operations suspensions. Nevertheless, we have activated our Business Continuity

Plan which included working from home and split shifts for staff who have to be on the

production floor as well as conducting virtual meetings or teleconferences with customers

and suppliers.

 

We have also put in place health and safety measures at the workplace to safeguard the

well-being of our staff such as: 

 

 

·       

·       

 

For the financial year under review, we have no recorded incidents of COVID-19

infections.

PEOPLE

36




We understand corporate citizenship as our voluntary social contribution to the local

communities in which we operate. As a responsible corporate citizen, we aim to leave

our footprint in a positive way on the environment and the community. 

 

We are committed to being a responsible corporate citizen and to contribute to

community development by supporting charities and not-for-profit organisations. Since

2015, we have been a benefactor of Bright Vision Hospital, a 317-bed community hospital

offering intermediate and long-term holistic care for about 1,500 new patients each

year. Our employee volunteers, including our management, took part in the outreach

programme which included organising games, arts and crafts events and hosting Patient

Birthday Celebrations. 

 

As part of our outreach efforts, we also participated in the Silver Fiesta Event organised

by YMCA in November 2019 which aims to promote “Active Ageing in a Digital

Society”.

 

Over the years, we have also raised funds for disaster relief such as for the 2013 Typhoon

Haiyan disaster in the Philippines.

COMMUNITY

37




ECONOMIC

PERFORMANCE



We are committed to creating sustainable value for our shareholders and stakeholders.

For a detailed description of our financial performance, please refer to the Group

Financial Review section of the Annual Report. 

 

A summarised version of the economic value generated is presented here in line with the

GRI Standards.

Financial Assistance from Government

In light of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Singapore government has rolled out a series of

grants and initiatives to help companies to better respond to business challenges and we

received the Jobs Support Scheme in the year under review. 

 

38




GOVERNANCE &amp;

RISK MANAGEMENT

Our Board and Management are committed to continually enhancing shareholder value

by maintaining high standards of corporate governance, professionalism, integrity and

commitment at all levels, underpinned by strong internal controls and risk management

systems.  

39


Our corporate governance practices are set out in the Group’s annual report section

entitled, “Corporate Governance Report”, with specific references to the principles and

provisions of the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the “Code”). We have materially

complied with all the provisions set out in the Code. In areas where our practices vary

from any of the provisions of the Code, we have in our Corporate Governance Report

provided the reasons for the variation and explained how the practices we have

adopted are consistent with the intent of the relevant principle, where appropriate. 

 

We strive to conduct our business with high standards of openness, integrity and

accountability and act professionally, fairly and with integrity in all our business dealings

and relationships at all times. All business dealings should be transparently performed

and accurately reflected in the Group’s books and records. We ensure that the Group’s

zero tolerance policy towards all forms of fraud, bribery, corruption, extortion and

embezzlement (covering promising, offering, giving or accepting any bribes) and

unethical conduct, is strictly adhered to. Monitoring and enforcement procedures are

implemented to ensure compliance with anti-corruption laws. To achieve a high standard

of corporate governance for the operations of the Group, we have also implemented a

Whistle-Blowing Policy. For more information on the Whistle-Blowing Policy, please refer

to the Corporate Governance Report in the Annual Report. 

 

Risk management is a critical component to our business success. We have constantly

striven to advance our risk management practices as an important component in all our

business portfolio and activities. It demonstrates our commitment to a high standard of

corporate governance. The Group has put in place a risk management and internal

control system in areas such as financial, operational, compliance and information

technology controls. The principal aim of the internal control system is the management

of business risks with a view to safeguarding shareholders’ investments and the Group’s

assets. 

 

The risk management and internal control system we have established is designed to

manage, rather than eliminate, the risk of failure in achieving our goals and objectives.

The Board wishes to state that the system of internal controls provides reasonable,

but not absolute, assurance as to financial, operational, compliance and information

technology risks. No such system can provide absolute assurance against the occurrence

of material errors and other situations not currently within the contemplation or beyond

the control of the Board. For more information on our risk management and internal

control system, please refer to the Corporate Governance Report in the Annual Report.

 

GOVERNANCE &amp; RISK MANAGEMENT

40


Board and Audit and Risk Committee (“ARC”)

The Board of Directors has an overall responsibility to ensure that the Group has the

capability and necessary resources to manage risks in new and existing businesses, and

that business plans and strategies accord with the risk appetite that the Group

undertakes to achieve its corporate objectives. 

The responsibilities of the ARC include, inter alia, assisting the Board in carrying out its

responsibility of overseeing and maintaining the Group’s risk management framework

and policies, including reviewing the Group’s levels of risk tolerance and risk policies, and

overseeing the management in the design, implementation and monitoring of the Group’s

risk management and internal control systems. For more information on the roles and

responsibilities of our ARC, please refer to the Corporate Governance Report in the

Annual Report.

 

Risk Governance and Internal Control (“RGIC”)

Framework 

The Board is responsible for risk governance, establishing risk management policies and

tolerance strategies that set the appropriate tone and direction, and also overseeing the

implementation of the risk management framework to ensure that risks are identified and

managed. On an ongoing basis, the Board periodically monitors and assesses the

adequacy of the risk management systems that it has put in place and the system of

internal controls, and ensures that management takes the appropriate steps to manage

and mitigate risks.

 

The Group’s RGIC framework was developed to realise the value of risk management by

providing an integrated enterprise-wide perspective of the risks involved in our

businesses and institutionalising a systematic risk assessment methodology for the

identification, assessment, management, reporting and monitoring of risks on a

consistent and reliable basis. The RGIC Manual sets out, inter alia, the Board’s approved

Risk Appetite and Risk Tolerance Guidance, Authority and Risk Control Matrix, Key

Control Activities and Key Reporting and Monitoring Activities to manage and mitigate

risks. 

GOVERNANCE &amp; RISK MANAGEMENT

41


Our RGIC framework is constantly refined, ensuring relevance in a dynamic operating

environment. We keep abreast of the latest developments and best practices by

participating in industry seminars and interacting with risk management practitioners.

Continuous training is conducted to build risk awareness and competencies, and

systems and tools are put in place to operationalise the risk management framework to

support our RGIC framework.

As a Group, we take a balanced approach to risk management, recognising that not all

risks can be eliminated. To optimise returns for the Group, we will only undertake

appropriate and well-considered risks. For more information on risk management and

internal controls, please refer to the Corporate Governance Report of the Annual Report.

 

GOVERNANCE &amp; RISK MANAGEMENT

42




GRI CONTEXT INDEX

IN ACCORDANCE - CORE

43




GRI CONTEXT INDEX

IN ACCORDANCE - CORE

44




GRI CONTEXT INDEX

IN ACCORDANCE - CORE

45


GRI CONTEXT INDEX

IN ACCORDANCE - CORE

46




GRI CONTEXT INDEX

IN ACCORDANCE - CORE

47




GRI CONTEXT INDEX

IN ACCORDANCE - CORE

48




GRI CONTEXT INDEX

IN ACCORDANCE - CORE

49






2019 - 2020

