



2

 

BOARD STATEMENT

 

Identifying, reviewing and assessing the various ESG factors 

Collecting ESG performance data from the various business divisions

Setting performance targets, where applicable

Developing, managing and supervising the execution of the sustainability action plans

Avi-Tech Electronics Limited’s Board of Directors (“the Board”) has the ultimate responsibility

for directing the management in the development of its sustainability strategy including

determining the material environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) factors, its due

compliance with the SGX-ST guidelines on corporate governance and sustainability reporting,

and the Group’s response to the attendant risks and opportunities. The Board oversees the

Sustainability Reporting Committee in formulating and implementing sustainability strategies

including the following:






 

BOARD MESSAGE

 

Sustainable investing has been increasing in prominence and is gaining traction among the

investing community. Sustainability remains an important part of Avi-Tech’s overall business

strategy, not just for the reason that investors place a high emphasis on ESG factors, but

because paying attention to those factors translates into long-term businesses viability. One

factor that was brought in sharp focus during the COVID-19 pandemic was how

interdependent countries, businesses and people in general are. Every action has its

consequences which ripples throughout the value chain. This includes businesses’ impact on

the environment, the community and their own workforce.

While the past year has meant that many of our planned undertakings, in particular, staff

initiatives and our community outreach programmes could not proceed due to social

distancing measures, we have kept on track with our sustainability targets, meeting and even

exceeding some such as energy consumption and waste generation. 

We would like to express appreciation to all our stakeholders for helping us navigate this

journey, through their own responsible business practices and sustainability-focused

behaviour. We look forward to working together, doubling down on our efforts to improve in

those areas where we have fallen short and endeavouring to meet our performance target

through new and improved initiatives in the coming years. 

3

Khor Thiam Beng

Chairman 

 

Lim Eng Hong

CEO 

 




OUR VALUES

 

We are driven by

our “AVI” core

values:

 

ADVANCEMENT

through technology

 

VALUE-ADDED

&amp; customer-centred 

services 

 

INNOVATION

We aspire to be a local

multinational group with the

capability to provide efficient

support services to the

semiconductor,

electronics, life sciences and

other emerging industries

O U R V I S I O N

O U R M I S S I O N

We aim to excel as the best

service provider with faster

turnaround time,

reliability, quality, optimum

production cost and an

extension of our facilities to

meet any upsurge in capacity

from our customers

4


This report has been prepared based on the 2016 Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”)

standards: Core option. The report also complies with the SGX-ST Listing Rules (711A and

711B) and the SGX Sustainability Reporting Guide.

 A GRI Content Index is included at the end of this report which indicates the location of

the relevant disclosures.

ABOUT THIS REPORT

REPORTING SCOPE

5

This is Avi-Tech’s third sustainability report which documents and provides an update on

our ESG performance for the financial year ended 30 June 2021. The report covers our

operations in Singapore (unless otherwise indicated), where our only production facility is

located. The report should also be read in conjunction with Avi-Tech’s Annual Report 2021:

http://avitech.listedcompany.com/misc/ar2021.pdf

RESTATEMENTS

There were no restatements of figures or information disclosed in the FY2020

Sustainability Report.




The content of this report takes into consideration the significance of material ESG

topics, risks and opportunities and general sustainability trends and stakeholders’

concerns and expectations. We have employed the GRI Standards defining report quality

by applying the principles of accuracy, balance, clarity, comparability, reliability and

timeliness.

Data provided in the report has been mainly derived from our official records to ensure

reasonable accuracy and consistency. We have used internationally accepted

measurement units, where applicable, for presenting ESG data. Financial figures are in

Singapore dollars unless stated otherwise.

We have adopted a phased implementation approach to our reporting, which will be

conducted on an annual basis. In adopting a phased-approach to sustainability

reporting, we will be introducing more quantitative and qualitative targets going

forward.



REPORT CONTENT AND QUALITY

6

We did not obtain external assurance for this sustainability report. We have relied on

internal verification mechanisms to ensure the accuracy of information. Our ESG

performance data is reported in good faith and to the best of our knowledge. ESG data

is verified using internal mechanisms and checks. Financial statements included in our

Annual Report, however, have been audited by independent auditors.

We intend to seek independent assurance in a phased approach going forward in

compliance with external assurance becoming a reporting requirement going forward. 

A S S U R A N C E




The Sustainability Reporting Committee, headed by the Group’s Chief Financial Officer,

consists of key personnel from the various business divisions as well as from the Finance and

Human Resource departments. The Sustainability Reporting Committee reports and provides

updates on Avi-Tech’s sustainability initiatives and implementation at least once a year to

the Board which has overall responsibility for managing and monitoring the material ESG

factors and their performance.

R E P O R T I N G P R O C E S S

7

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y R E P O R T I N G F R A M E W O R K

This report has been prepared to comply with the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading

Limited's (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Rules 711A and 711B and the SGX-ST Sustainability

Reporting Rules. The 2016 Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) standards: Core option, has

been selected as the sustainability reporting framework as it is an internationally

recognised framework that enables an organisation to publicly disclose its most significant

impacts on the economy, environment and people, and organisational management of

these impacts. We utilise the reporting framework as the standards contain disclosures that

allow us to report relevant information about our impacts consistently and credibly. Its

global comparability and quality of reported information support users of this report to

make informed assessments and decisions about our impact on and contribution to

sustainable development.

The GRI Standards are regularly updated, and the latest GRI Standards 2021 comes into

effect on/after 1 January 2023. In February 2019, the Global Sustainability Standards Board

(GSSB) approved the GRI Sector Program to improve clarity and consistency in

sustainability reporting. The aim of the Sector Program is to develop GRI Sector Standards

for 40 to 45 high-impact sectors. We intend to progressively adopt the latest Standards

and to incorporate elements of the relevant Sector Standards under Electronics Sector,

Group 2: Industrial when they are available in due course so as to report according to best

practices. 




8

A V A I L A B I L I T Y

This report is available on our website www.avi-tech.com.sg

F E E D B A C K

As your feedback is valuable to our continuous improvement, please send your questions,

comments, suggestions or feedback to us at ir@avi-tech.com.sg




9

STAKEHOLDER

ENGAGEMENT






Stakeholder engagement forms an integral part of our sustainability approach. Our

stakeholders have an interest in our business and influence our operations, products and

services, business approach and strategies. Our stakeholders have been identified as our

customers, business partners and suppliers, shareholders, employees,

government/regulatory agencies and the community. 

We proactively engage with our stakeholders on a regular, continuing basis through various

channels and means to gain insights into their expectations and concerns. We use these

learnings to make informed management decisions in shaping our business policies and

strategies so as to ensure sustainable business growth and value for all stakeholders. 

How we engage with our diverse stakeholders, their expectations and concerns, and how

we respond to them, are presented below.

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

10




STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

11




STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

12


STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

*Due to the COVID-19 pandemic and safe-distancing measures which are still in place

during Singapore’s Stabilisation Phase, face-to-face meetings including analyst and

investor briefings and the Group’s AGM &amp; EGM have been replaced by virtual meetings,

as permitted by the relevant legislation.

13








MATERIALITY

Our approach to sustainability centres on the management of the ESG impacts of our

business operations on our stakeholders. Our strategy is to manage our most significant

sustainability impacts, risks and opportunities with the aim of creating long-term value for

all our stakeholders. 

14


MATERALITY

2.

1.

Identification 

We selected the ESG factors through an internal materiality analysis. We identified

sustainability issues that reflect our business’ impact on the environment, society and

economy and their significance to our stakeholders. 

Prioritisation

We shortlisted the issues that represent the most significant environmental, social

and economic impacts of our operations and prioritised the material topics through

an in-depth analysis covering Avi-Tech’s activities, locations, business partners and

customers, engaging with relevant internal key executives of the various business

divisions, reviewing the existing Group management system components, risk

assessment and internal audit results as well as external commentaries on the

semiconductor and wider electronics industries.

Materiality Assessment

Our Sustainability Reporting Committee carried out a formal materiality process to review,

identify and assess our most material sustainability issues based on their knowledge of

respective business areas, potential impacts of the Group’s business operations, insights

from their day-to-day engagement with a range of stakeholders and common challenges

facing the industry. 

The team considered the Group’s long-term business goals, aligned these with the

sustainability strategies and examined sustainability reporting trends among local

semiconductor, manufacturing and peer companies for benchmarking. For this report, we

did not engage external stakeholders explicitly to elicit their views on the identified ESG

factors. However, the internal stakeholders including the key management and personnel

have used their experience and understanding of stakeholder expectations and concerns

and engaged with respective stakeholders for feedback in prioritising material factors for

reporting.

Pursuant to a phased implementation approach, the Group has set out in this report the

qualitative targets and where available, the quantitative targets for the majority of the

material ESG factors. We have collected data internally from the relevant business

divisions covering the period under review. In the coming years, we will continue to refine

our data collection and management system to provide information on our sustainability

metrics and to enable us to measure and track performance on a yearly basis. The

objective is to achieve our set targets for the material ESG factors and meet the key

sustainability performance indicators progressively.

15


MATERALITY

2.

4.

1.

Identification 

We selected the ESG factors through an internal materiality analysis. We identified

sustainability issues that reflect our business’ impact on the environment, society and

economy and their significance to our stakeholders. 

Prioritisation

We shortlisted the issues that represent the most significant environmental, social

and economic impacts of our operations and prioritised the material topics through

an in-depth analysis covering Avi-Tech’s activities, locations, business partners and

customers, engaging with relevant internal key executives of the various business

divisions, reviewing the existing Group management system components, risk

assessment and internal audit results as well as external commentaries on the

semiconductor and wider electronics industries.

Materiality Methodology

We have identified the material ESG factors using the GRI Standards for Sustainability

Reporting which includes guidance for materiality analysis which were then prioritised with

regards to their environmental, social and economic impact to Avi-Tech and our

stakeholders. 

We undertook the following steps to arrive at the list of material factors for reporting:

Validation

We considered the significance of our material impacts to stakeholders and how

they might influence the assessments and decisions of stakeholders. 

3.

Review

We seek feedback from stakeholders on this report to review our material topics

for the next reporting cycle.

16


1.

MATERIALITY

Materiality Assessment

Our Sustainability Reporting Committee carried out a formal materiality process to

review, identify and assess our most material sustainability issues based on their

knowledge of respective business areas, potential impacts of the Group’s business

operations, insights from their day-to-day engagement with a range of stakeholders and

common challenges facing the industry. The team also considered the Group’s long-term

business goals, aligned these with the sustainability strategies and examined sustainability

reporting trends among local semiconductor and manufacturing companies and peer

companies for benchmarking. For this report, we did not engage external stakeholders

explicitly to elicit their views on the identified ESG factors. However, the internal

stakeholders including the key management and personnel have used their experience of

engaging with respective stakeholders and their understanding of stakeholder

expectations and concerns in prioritising material factors for reporting.

 

Pursuant to a phased implementation approach, the Group has set out in this report the

qualitative targets and where available, the quantitative targets for the majority of the

material ESG factors. We have collected data internally from the relevant business

divisions covering the period under review. In the coming years, we will continue to refine

our data collection and management system to provide information on our sustainability

metrics and to enable us to measure and track performance on a yearly basis. The

objective is to achieve our set targets for the material ESG factors and meet the key

sustainability performance indicators progressively.

17


3.



1







MATERIALITY TOPICS 

AND BOUNDARIES 

Arising from the exercise, the following are the materiality factors and their boundaries

that are of priority to the Group’s sustainability risks and opportunities and having the

most impact on our stakeholders:

Environment

Community

Customers

People

Economic

Performance

Governance 

&amp; Risk

Management



18


OUR MATERIALITY TOPICS AND BOUNDARIES

These are materiality factors which we have control of. There are other materiality

factors that, while having an effect on our stakeholders, are not within our control to

manage or influence significantly. These include factors that occur within our value

chain but which are outside of our control; for example, although materials used in our

products may have an impact on the environment, we have little control over them as

most are consigned to us by our customers or specified by our customers due to the

stringent product specifications we have to adhere to. 

Presented below is a summary of our material topics and their boundaries:



19




POLICIES,

PRACTICES AND

PERFORMANCE

20




ENVIRONMENT

We are committed to our Environmental Policy of enhancing environmental

performance through continual improvement in our environmental management

system. Electricity and waste are our primary environmental impacts. Our office

and production facility use power for lighting and air-conditioning and our Burn-

In Services business division, in particular, utilises significant power for

conducting Burn-In tests. We also generate waste, including water and effluents

discharge, mostly from board manufacturing and system integration activities.

Our environmental efforts are focused on energy efficiency, reducing and

recycling waste, using resources efficiently and complying with local standards

for waste, water and effluent discharge.

21


ENVIRONMENT

Chiller/CDA Overhaul and Replacement Programme

Air-conditioning System Optimisation

HT/LT Transformer Optimisation

Energy

We aim to operate responsibly within our business activities and to have a positive

impact on the wider environment through the development of energy saving

programmes. Avi-Tech’s energy demand for our operation arises mainly from indirect

energy which is electricity purchased from external suppliers. 

We measure and monitor our energy consumption. In FY2021, our electricity consumption

intensity was approximately 37.73 kWh/m2, with the main user of this energy being Burn-

In Services, averaging 48% of total consumption. This is in comparison with

approximately 45.80 kWh/m2 consumed in FY2020 with Burn-In Services averaging 54%

of total consumption in that year.

Some of the energy saving programmes we undertook/planned to undertake include:

 

– Overhaul and regular maintenance of pumps and compressors (FY2019, FY2020 &amp;       

 FY2021)

– Replacement of R-22 (ozone-depleting substance) with R134/R407 refrigerant 

   (ozone friendly) in phases (FY2019, FY2020 &amp; FY2021)

– Replacement of existing equipment to a high efficiency CDA for efficiency 

 improvement (FY2021)

 

– Monitoring and maintenance of temperature at an optimum level (FY2019, FY2020 

   &amp; FY2021)

– Regular maintenance (monthly) to preserve efficiency (FY2019, FY2020 &amp; FY2021)

– Installation of separate air-conditioning units to improve localised hot spots thus 

 reducing general cooling (FY2019 &amp; FY2020) 

 

– No servicing on HT/LT Installations due to the COVID-19 pandemic

 

22


Other on-going energy saving initiatives included making the switch to using energy

efficient LED lighting in our office and production facility, optimising our air conditioning

system through temperature control, as well as our machines and equipment through

regular maintenance. We also encourage our employees, through awareness

campaigns, to minimise the use of non-essential lighting in the office and production

floor, to switch off electrical appliances when not in use and to make efforts to conserve

water and to recycle paper.

Targets

For FY2021, we set our energy consumption target to be maintained at FY2020’s level of

0.13 kWh per unit. With an energy consumption of approximately 0.1195 kWh per unit for

FY2021, we exceeded our target goal of consuming no more than 0.13 kWh per unit. For

FY2022, we aim to maintain our energy consumption target of 0.13 kWh per unit.

23

ENVIRONMENT



The fluctuations of the electrical energy consumed per unit output is due to the varying Burn-in ("BI") hours and the energy

characteristics of the devices processed during the particular month i.e., energy consumed is dependent on the BI hours and

current drawn by the device mix. 


Waste Management

Avi-Tech is mindful of the impact that our operations could have on the environment and

have taken steps to monitor and control waste that are by-products of our operations.

This is because we are committed to the long-term preservation of our environment and

climate. Furthermore, we are certified to the ISO 14001 environmental management

standard.

We have in place a management system for both general and e-waste to ensure their

proper handling, storage and disposal, as well as for minimising waste generation and

optimising resources through reusing and recycling. All employees are to follow the

waste collection, storage and disposal procedures and to ensure that general waste

and industrial waste are separated accordingly. The business divisions’ supervisors

ensure that there are appropriate waste collection points and storage bins provided

for waste separation and proper disposal. For chemical waste, by-product and e-waste

disposal, we worked through authorised channels and engaged National Environment

Agency (“NEA”) licensed waste management contractors to collect and dispose of

them. We also review any new materials, equipment or process changes, to identify

waste generated and waste management methods in accordance with Environmental

Aspect guidelines. 

Waste management is particularly relevant for our board manufacturing and system

integration activities. We have put in place a wastage monitoring system which tracks

and sets targets to attain. A monthly data log is submitted which tracks the wastage for

the month. To discourage wastage and inculcate a sense of responsibility towards

materials requisitioned, a system has been put in place for the submission and tracking

of all wastage. Employees have to explain or justify the reason for the wastage which

has occurred. The entire monitoring and reporting system is reviewed with senior

management at quarterly meetings. Strict control is also maintained over stock levels to

minimise potential for write-offs which exacerbate wastage.

We also have an internal recycling programme to recycle, reduce and reuse our solder

dross that allows us to recover pure solder from the solder dross. We utilise lead-free

processes as much as possible to reduce any environmental impact by the possibility of

any heavy metal pollution. In addition, we undertake recycling exercises with our

customers, reusing high-cost components. 

ENVIRONMENT

24


In addition, under our Supplier Code of Conduct, our major suppliers are required to

comply with relevant environmental laws and regulations, obtain and maintain all

required environmental permits (e.g., discharge monitoring), approvals and

registrations, reduce pollution and minimise their use of resources (including water and

energy) and their generation of solid waste and wastewater. They are also required to

identify and safely manage hazardous substances. This includes, inter alia, responsibly

managing emissions to air (including volatile organic chemicals, aerosols, corrosives,

particulates, ozone depleting chemicals and combustion by-product) and minimising

their greenhouse gas emissions; and adhering to all applicable laws, regulations and

customer requirements regarding prohibition or restriction of specific substances in

products and manufacturing, including labelling for recycling and disposal. 

We are committed to complying with applicable environmental regulations. There were

no incidents of non-compliance with environmental laws in the reported period.

Targets

For FY2021, our waste generation target was to not exceed 0.35% of total revenue. We

achieved our target for the year as waste generated as a percentage of total revenue

was approximately 0.35%. For FY2022, we aim to maintain the same level of waste

generation at 0.35% of total revenue. We have not set a lower waste reduction target

for the year ahead due to the fact that we are currently working with new customers on

more complex requirements. We anticipate that there is a possibility this will lead to

more waste generated. Hence, it will be unrealistic to set a lower target for waste

generation in FY2022.

ENVIRONMENT

25




Water and Effluents

 

While we do not consume a significant amount of water for it to be a material issue, we

are nonetheless mindful of its value as a precious resource in Singapore. We reviewed our

water consumption on a monthly basis and focused on minimising water consumption in

our business and operations through implementing initiatives which reduced water use

such as promoting water-saving practices, adoption of water-efficient fittings and

equipment and undertaking regular maintenance checks to ensure there were no water

leakages from faulty pipe fittings or equipment.

For water pollution (trade effluent control), we ensured that any form of water and trade

effluent discharged from our production processes was treated in accordance with the

NEA guidelines. Furthermore, we sent treated trade effluent samples to a third-party test

laboratory on a regular basis to certify that we had complied with the NEA Allowable

Limits for Trade Effluent Discharge into Watercourse. 

During the year, there were no incidents of non-compliance with water pollution

regulations reported.

ENVIRONMENT

26




CUSTOMERS 

Maintaining our customers’ trust depends on our strict adherence to their exacting

technical, commercial and ethical requirements, protection of both our own intellectual

property and that of our customers and business partners, which is fundamental given the

technologically innovative nature of our business and the need for full compliance with

prevailing laws. Any breach of trust or of our legal obligations would have the potential

to seriously compromise our business in terms of the loss of valuable commercial

relationships and /or the undermining of our reputation.

27


an extensive set of operational quality control measures to which we strictly adhere;

regular business reviews with our customers to understand their current and future

capabilities and requirements; and

our own ongoing auditing against the following management system standards 

To safeguard our business reputation and commercial relationships, we have in place our

Business Ethics Policy which covers the protection of intellectual property, privacy, fair

business and competition, whistleblowing and protection against retaliation, management

of conflict of interest and other misconduct such as bribery and corruption and a range of

specific policies addressing issues such as responsible sourcing of minerals. In addition, the

Group has issued policies on disclosure of information regarding business activities,

structure, financial situation and performance which are to be disclosed in accordance

with applicable regulations and prevailing industry practices. For example, Directors and

all key personnel are not to deal in the Group’s shares on short-term considerations, during

blackout periods or when they are in possession of material unpublished/price-sensitive

information which may breach the rules against insider trading.

Customer Standards Compliance

 

As a supplier of total solutions for burn-in services, manufacturing and PCBA services, and

engineering services to the semiconductor, electronics, life sciences and other emerging

industries, we are subject to a significant body of technical, legal and quality control

requirements defined by our customers. In many cases, our compliance with these

requirements is included as a condition of contract with our customers, making our strict

adherence essential. This is particularly the case with respect to the technical

specifications and quality of our highly sophisticated products. Any slight variations in this

respect are not only likely to render them valueless from the perspective of our customers,

but also has the potential to undermine our customers’ own products.

As such, we put a significant amount of effort into understanding our customers’ extensive

requirements and applying comprehensive management systems to ensure that these are

fully met. These include, for example: 

 

 

       - ISO 9001 (quality management system standard)

       - ISO1 4001 (environmental management system standard)

       - ISO 13485 (quality management system for medical devices standard)

 

CUSTOMERS

28


Similarly, our customers typically apply their own set of compliance measures to ensure

that we are meeting their requirements. This includes auditing of, inter alia, our

management systems, processes and facility specifications, testing processes and

documentation, and materials and product traceability. 

We evaluate customer satisfaction with the quality and specifications of our products on

an ongoing basis, using a mixture of individual reviews, analysis of customer complaints

and customer surveys. 

Legal and Socio-Economic Compliance

 

As with all companies, it is incumbent on us to comply with the applicable laws of the

countries in which we operate. This may require increased management if we extend our

global presence into new jurisdictions. In this context, we seek professional assistance in

the countries of our operations to ensure compliance with existing laws and regulations

prevailing in those countries. We also regularly review the local legislations to keep our

policies updated and our employees up to date with global compliance issues where

appropriate.

In the financial year under review, we were not subject to any legal sanctions or fines for

non-compliance with applicable laws.

CUSTOMERS

29


related restrictive provisions in both our Business Ethics Policy and our contracts of

employment;

robust information technology systems to prevent data leakage; and

access controls to specific project data for employees and third parties

Intellectual Property, Data Protection and Customer

Privacy

 

The protection of intellectual property is vital for any business focused on the creation of

innovative and high-value technological solutions. Any failure in this regard could have

profound consequences, for example, on the value of our customers’ and business partners’

inventions and products, as we necessarily access and work with customers’ intellectual

property and/or commercial and technological secrets. This requires a high degree of

trust on the part of our customers, whose business we would lose were this trust to be

broken.

 

We ensure that all intellectual property is adequately safeguarded through the

application of:

 

 

In the financial year under review, we received no complaints relating to the misuse of

customers’ intellectual property, losses of customer data or breaches of customer privacy.

CUSTOMERS

30




TThe nature of our business, which relies on the ongoing advancement of semiconductor

technology, means we are highly reliant on our ability to recruit, retain and develop a

high-quality work force, as well as leading management talent. Our people form the core

of our organisation and our continued ability to recruit, retain and develop experienced

personnel and managers, is particularly important given the keen competition for skills

within the sector.

 

PEOPLE

31


We take a holistic view towards both recruitment and retention that looks beyond the

provision of competitive financial rewards. We also aim to deliver the kind of working

environment, training and development opportunities and inclusive culture that allow our

people to develop progressive, long-term careers with us.

Employee Profile

 

We employed about 136 full-time staff as at end of June 2021, made up of various races,

nationalities, age groups, and gender. Permanent employees accounted for 92% of our

workforce. The average age of our employees was approximately 45.54 years.

Hiring

 

Our goal is to attract and retain the best talent. We offer equal opportunities for

employment and progression within the Group based on merits. Our Human Resource

policies and procedures provide for equal opportunities and fairness in employment

decisions. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, colour, age, gender, sexual

orientation, ethnicity, disability, pregnancy, religion, political affiliation, union membership

or marital status.

In FY2021, we recruited six new employees. Of the new hires, two were women, and both

were less than 30 years of age. The remaining new hires were in the 30 to 50 age group.

Diversity and Equal Opportunity and 

Non-discrimination

 

As a signatory to the Employers’ Pledge of Fair Employment Practices with the Tripartite

Alliance for Fair Employment Practices (“TAFEP”), we abide by the principles which stand

for diversity and inclusion and are against discrimination of any kind. TAFEP is an alliance

co-chaired by representing employer unions, the National Trade Union Congress and the

government.

We are committed to employing and developing people who have the necessary skills,

experience and values to excel in their relevant roles irrespective of their gender,

ethnicity, religion, disability or any other non-work related or personal characteristic.

Furthermore, we recognise the value a diverse workforce can potentially bring in terms of

creativity, dynamism and perspectives. In this context, we aim to nurture a working culture

characterised by mutual respect and non-discrimination. 

 

PEOPLE

32


Our workforce represents diverse age groups (see chart). We support the Singapore

government’s policy of rehiring retiring employees to keep them economically active. In

FY2021, we rehired six retiring employees.

The globalised nature of our sector means that we enjoy a fairly international workforce,

many of whom work for us in locations away from their countries of birth. We are proud of

our racially diverse workforce which includes at least seven nationalities.

Although it is a reality that the semiconductor sector performs relatively poorly in terms of

gender diversity, our female workforce nonetheless comprises approximately 55% of the

total workforce. Notwithstanding this, we will continue to focus on removing any invisible

or structural considerations that may be limiting female engagement within the sector. 

Diversity in the Board requires more consideration as currently there are no female

representations on our Board of Directors. The Board recognises the importance and

value of gender diversity and will take into consideration the skill sets and experience,

including gender diversity, for any future Board appointments.

We also respect our employees’ right to freedom of association and collective bargaining.

In the financial year under review, we did not receive any reports of any alleged or actual

cases of discrimination.

 

Human Rights

 

Avi-Tech recognises the responsibility to respect and protect the rights of our employees

and support internationally accepted human rights principles and regulations. We abide

by our Labour and Human Rights Policy which advocates, inter alia, freely-chosen

employment, child labour avoidance, compliance with local labour laws regarding

working hours, wages and benefits, and humane treatment and non-discrimination of

workers.

We did not receive any reports of incidents of labour and human rights violations, forced

labour or child labour in the reporting period.

 

PEOPLE

33


Anti-Bribery and Corruption 

We take a zero-tolerance approach to bribery and corruption and are committed to

acting with integrity in all our business dealings and relationships. 

In this context, we are subject to national anti-corruption laws, including the Singapore

Prevention of Corruption Act. Our commitment in this respect is set out in our Business

Ethics Policy, which addresses, inter alia, bribery, facilitation payments and gifts, and

hospitality. Our Business Ethics Policy which covers a Whistle-Blowing Programme, enables

staff of the Group and any other persons to raise concerns, in confidence, about possible

improprieties in financial reporting or other matters such as suspected fraud, corruption,

and dishonest practices.

All new employees are trained in the Business Ethics Policy during the induction process,

while all existing employees are provided with easy access to the Policy and Whistle-

Blowing Programme. We communicate our zero-tolerance approach to corruption to all

suppliers, sub-contractors and other service providers at the outset of our business

relationship. Our Finance department oversees the implementation of appropriate

controls and procedures to monitor and prevent inappropriate forms of payment across

all our locations. This includes, for example, duplicate or overpayments, and payment

requests to third parties not associated with underlying transactions. 

Were we to identify any suspected cases, these would be subject to internal (or, if

necessary, external) investigations. Any confirmed cases of employee breaches of our

Policy would result in disciplinary actions (including potential termination) and/or referral

to the relevant law enforcement authorities. Any confirmed cases involving our business

partners would result in the review and potential termination of our business relations.

We aim to maintain zero corruption and fraud incidents across Avi-Tech’s core operations

and ensure that we are not subject to any material legal sanctions or fines for non-

compliance with applicable laws.

 

In the financial year under review, we did not receive any reports of any corruption risks or

cases of suspected or actual corruption. There were also no whistle-blowing reports

received in the financial year under review.

PEOPLE

34


Training &amp; Development

 

Employee training and education is a crucial part of our people management. New

employees attend an orientation programme to understand the organisation and its

corporate and governance policies. There are also check-in sessions with management to

help in employee engagement and culture building. 

We develop our people according to their abilities and job specifications. For all

production staff, twice yearly re-certification is conducted while management staff are

encouraged to upgrade their skills through courses provided by external training

providers such as Workforce Skills Qualification (“WSQ”) and Integrated Assessment

Pathway (“IAP”).

Our employees have access to ongoing opportunities for learning new skills. We

encourage our employees to gain new knowledge, experience and skills even if these lie

outside their immediate job scope. As such, employees are able to request to be sent for

relevant training programmes provided by external training providers.

Targets

In FY2021, our average training hours per employee was approximately 0.84 hours, which

is a decrease of approximately 84.8% from the average training hours per employee in

FY2020. The decrease was due to the Covid-19 pandemic situation. The training

expenditure per employee was approximately $224 per person (or 0.003% of total

revenue).

We are aiming to achieve a 50% increase in average training hours per employee for the

next financial year under review and to maintain an average of at least 10 training hours

per employee by the end of FY2022. These would be implemented through conducting

more online programmes and webinars in view of the COVID-19 pandemic which

restricted in-person training activities. We will also closely monitor recommendations from

the Ministry of Health and Ministry of Manpower on resuming on-premises training.

 

PEOPLE

35


Sick and hospitalisation leave 

Hospitalisation and surgical plans

Dental benefits 

Term life insurance policy in the event of death, disability and critical illness (actual

Marriage/examination leave

Performance Appraisal and Career Development

Through a performance management system, we enable our employees to meet their

professional and personal development goals. Our performance management system

covers all permanent employees. 

As part of the process, managers hold discussions with their staff at the beginning of the

year to establish goals and are encouraged to have ongoing discussions with their

employees to review progress and to provide coaching and guidance. Yearly

performance appraisals are conducted to encourage self-improvement and to reward

hard work. Promotions are based on recommendations by supervisors according to

performance and aptitude. 

Staff Welfare and Benefits

 

We offer competitive wages and benefits to all our employees including full-time

staff members and contract employees:

 

 

 

 limits of coverage of these policies vary according to an employee’s grade)

 

 

Taking a proactive approach to the health and well-being of our employees, we also

organise health-related talks and checkups periodically to encourage employees to

adopt healthy lifestyles and to take care of their health.

PEOPLE

36


PEOPLE PERFORMANCE

37




PEOPLE PERFORMANCE

38




PEOPLE PERFORMANCE

39




Compliance with relevant WSH legislations and regulations as well as other

requirements;

Consistently establishing and maintaining WSH management performance; 

Operating and maintaining our facilities to prevent and minimise risks to the health

and safety of our employees, sub-contractors and surrounding communities; and 

Ongoing communication of our WSH policy to all parties.

Occupational Health and Safety

The health and safety of our employees are top priorities for Avi-Tech. In addition to

minimising the incidence of work-related injury and illness, a safe and healthy work

environment enhances the quality and consistency of products and services and

promotes employee retention and morale. 

Avi-Tech is committed to achieving Workplace Safety and Health (“WSH”) excellence

through:

We have in place operational procedures for risk assessment and management, and

the implementation of workplace safety measures covering occupational safety injury

and illness, emergency preparedness, industrial hygiene and machine safeguarding.

We also recognise that employee input and education is essential to identifying and

solving health and safety issues in the workplace. Our Environment Health and Safety

(“EHS”) and Fire Safety Committees which comprise staff from all relevant departments,

under the counsel of a registered Workplace Safety and Health Officer, were set up to

oversee the implementation of the WSH management plan with monthly reviews. 

Below are the details of the WSH initiatives undertaken: 

PEOPLE

40






Our Executive Management holds a quarterly review of the WSH performance report

which covers a summary of complaints, industrial accidents and compliance for WSH

and Environmental Inspection. 

Targets

For the financial year under review, we achieved our goal of zero cases of WSH

complaints and industrial accidents, and over 90% compliance for WSH and

Environmental Inspection. We also recorded no cases of accidents and work-related ill

health. 

For FY2022, we have set the following goals:

PEOPLE

41




As a responsible corporate citizen, we aim to leave our footprint in a positive way on the

environment and the community. 

We are committed to contributing to the local community in which we operate and to

community development by supporting charities and not-for-profit organisations. Since

2015, we have been a benefactor of Bright Vision Hospital, a 317-bed community

hospital offering intermediate and long-term holistic care for about 1,500 new patients

each year. Over the years, we have also raised funds for disaster reliefs in the region. 

COMMUNITY

42






ECONOMIC

PERFORMANCE

We are committed to creating sustainable value for our shareholders and

stakeholders. For a detailed description of our financial performance, please refer to

the Group Financial Review section of the Annual Report. 

A summarised version of the economic value generated is presented here in line with

the GRI Standards.

Financial Assistance from Government

We did not receive any financial assistance under the COVID-19 Jobs Support Scheme

from the government in the financial year under review. 

 

 

43




GOVERNANCE AND

RISK MANAGEMENT

Our Board and Management are committed to continually enhancing shareholder value

by maintaining high standards of corporate governance, professionalism, integrity and

commitment at all levels, underpinned by strong internal controls and risk management

systems.  

44


Our corporate governance practices are set out in the Group’s annual report section

entitled, “Corporate Governance Report”, with specific references to the principles and

provisions of the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the “Code”). We have materially

complied with all the provisions set out in the Code. In areas where our practices vary

from any of the provisions of the Code, we have in our Corporate Governance Report

provided the reasons for the variation and explained how the practices we have

adopted are consistent with the intent of the relevant principle, where appropriate. 

We strive to conduct our business with high standards of openness, integrity and

accountability and act professionally, fairly and honestly in all our business dealings and

relationships at all times. All business dealings should be transparently performed and

accurately reflected in the Group’s books and records. We ensure that the Group’s zero

tolerance policy towards all forms of fraud, bribery, corruption, extortion and

embezzlement (covering promising, offering, giving or accepting any bribes) and

unethical conduct, is strictly adhered to. Monitoring and enforcement procedures are

implemented to ensure compliance with anti-corruption laws. To achieve a high standard

of corporate governance for the operations of the Group, we have also implemented a

Whistle-Blowing Policy. For more information on the Whistle-Blowing Policy, please refer

to the Corporate Governance Report in the Annual Report. 

Risk management is a critical component to our business success. We have constantly

striven to advance our risk management practices as an important component in all our

business portfolio and activities. It demonstrates our commitment to a high standard of

corporate governance. The Group has put in place a risk management and internal

control system in areas such as financial, operational, compliance and information

technology controls. The principal aim of the internal control system is the management

of business risks with a view to safeguarding shareholders’ investments and the Group’s

assets. 

The risk management and internal control system we have established is designed to

manage, rather than eliminate, the risk of failure in achieving our goals and objectives.

The Board wishes to state that the system of internal controls provides reasonable, but

not absolute, assurance as to financial, operational, compliance and information

technology risks. No such system can provide absolute assurance against the occurrence

of material errors and other situations not currently within the contemplation or beyond

the control of the Board. For more information on our risk management and internal

control system, please refer to the Corporate Governance Report in the Annual Report. 

 

GOVERNANCE &amp; RISK MANAGEMENT

45


Board and Audit and Risk Committee (“ARC”)

The Board of Directors has an overall responsibility to ensure that the Group has the

capability and necessary resources to manage risks in new and existing businesses, and

that business plans and strategies accord with the risk appetite that the Group

undertakes to achieve its corporate objectives. 

The responsibilities of the ARC include, inter alia, assisting the Board in carrying out its

responsibility of overseeing and maintaining the Group’s risk management framework

and policies, including reviewing the Group’s levels of risk tolerance and risk policies, and

overseeing the management in the design, implementation and monitoring of the Group’s

risk management and internal control systems. For more information on the roles and

responsibilities of our ARC, please refer to the Corporate Governance Report in the

Annual Report.

 

Risk Governance and Internal Control (“RGIC”)

Framework 

The Board is responsible for risk governance, establishing risk management policies and

tolerance strategies that set the appropriate tone and direction, and also overseeing the

implementation of the risk management framework to ensure that risks are identified and

managed. On an ongoing basis, the Board periodically monitors and assesses the

adequacy of the risk management systems that it has put in place and the system of

internal controls and ensures that management takes the appropriate steps to manage

and mitigate risks.

The Group’s RGIC framework was developed to realise the value of risk management by

providing an integrated enterprise-wide perspective of the risks involved in our

businesses and institutionalising a systematic risk assessment methodology for the

identification, assessment, management, reporting and monitoring of risks on a consistent

and reliable basis. The RGIC Manual sets out, inter alia, the Board’s approved Risk

Appetite and Risk Tolerance Guidance, Authority and Risk Control Matrix, Key Control

Activities and Key Reporting and Monitoring Activities to manage and mitigate risks. 

GOVERNANCE &amp; RISK MANAGEMENT

46


Our RGIC framework is constantly refined, ensuring relevance in a dynamic operating

environment. We keep abreast of the latest developments and best practices by

participating in industry seminars and interacting with risk management practitioners.

Continuous training is conducted to build risk awareness and competencies, and systems

and tools are put in place to operationalise the risk management framework to support

our RGIC framework.

As a Group, we take a balanced approach to risk management, recognising that not all

risks can be eliminated. To optimise returns for the Group, we will only undertake

appropriate and well-considered risks. For more information on risk management and

internal controls, please refer to the Corporate Governance Report of the Annual Report.

 

GOVERNANCE &amp; RISK MANAGEMENT

47




48

TOPICAL ISSUES

 


Active monitoring of virus outbreak development and dissemination of memos to

employees with clear instructions on measures to be taken 

Staff briefings on the infection control initiatives, preventive procedures and personal

hygiene measures such as temperature taking, hand sanitation, mask wearing and safe

distancing

Appointment of a key point of contact (from the Human Resource department) to liaise

with the various government bodies on activation of contact tracing processes at the

workplace and to ensure that employees who have travelled to affected areas follow

the travel advisories issued 

Increased cleaning frequency of common areas, especially high touch and high traffic

places e.g., pantries, washrooms, meeting rooms, lifts etc.

CUSTOMERS 

As the COVID-19 pandemic continued to impact operations due to workplace restrictions,

our Business Continuity Plan remained in force. Measures which remained implemented

since last year included working from home, split shifts for staff who have to be on the

production floor and virtual meetings or teleconferences with customers and suppliers.

PEOPLE 

Health and safety measures to safeguard the well-being of our staff which continued to be

observed at the workplace included:

For the financial year under review, we had no recorded incidents of COVID-19 infections.

In terms of training and development, we recorded a decrease in average training hours

and lower training expenditure due to the Covid-19 social restrictions which curtailed some

of our internal and external training activities.

COMMUNITY

Due to the social distancing restrictions on visiting community facilities and aged homes, we

did not organise any physical outreach activities during the year. 

TOPICAL ISSUES: COVID-19 PANDEMIC

 

49


ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

The Group profitability in FY2021 was lower, being impacted by semiconductor chip

shortage as pent-up demand continued to outstrip supply, exacerbated by disrupted

semiconductor chip production due to recurring waves of the COVID-19 infections. This is

particularly so for automotive chips which experienced one of the worst supply crunches

and has had a domino effect on related semiconductor industries like ours.

In the financial year under review, we remained profitable and continued to generate

positive operating cash, maintained a healthy balance sheet and delivered dividends in

spite of the challenging operating environment.

TOPICAL ISSUES: COVID-19 PANDEMIC

 

50


GRI CONTEXT INDEX

IN ACCORDANCE - CORE

51




GRI CONTEXT INDEX

IN ACCORDANCE - CORE

52




GRI CONTEXT INDEX

IN ACCORDANCE - CORE

53




GRI CONTEXT INDEX

IN ACCORDANCE - CORE

54




GRI CONTEXT INDEX

IN ACCORDANCE - CORE

55






GRI CONTEXT INDEX

IN ACCORDANCE - CORE

56




57

GRI CONTEXT INDEX

IN ACCORDANCE - CORE




