
C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4   | B A N G K O K   D U S I T   M E D I C A L   S E R V I C E S   P u b l i c   C o m p a n y   L i m i t e d







Care

with heart

and

deep

empathy


 With this intention in mind, various ongoing projects and activities have been 

organized by BDMS to build strong relationships with all stakeholders, under the 

concepts of sustainable development and social responsibility. Apart from our 

commitment to the shareholders, customers, partners, doctors, nurses, staff, 

government sector, and corporate governance center, the company is determined 

to carry on making contribution to society, offering help and support to the sick and 

the less fortunate through Bangkok Dusit Medical Services Public Company Limited 

and Vejdusit Foundation, which was founded in 1984. In the past 30 years, Vejdusit 

Foundation has contributed to the Thai society in terms of medical care and public 

health, by offering healthcare services to the disadvantage, providing medical 

equipment and supplies to public hospitals, supporting medical research, and offering 

medical supplies, devices and equipment to those in need. 

 Green Health Care &amp; Share, a special campaign that we are proud of, is aimed 

to encourage donations of medical and healthcare equipment for disadvantaged 

patients, the elderly, and people with disabilities. In 2014, through the Green Health 

Care &amp; Share campaign, a range of medical equipment has been donated to the 

disadvantage in Sukhothai, Ubon Ratchathani, Sisaket, Roi Et, Surin, Chumphon, 

Songkhla, Nakhon Si Thammarat, Chachoengsao, Nonthaburi, Pathum Thani and 

Bangkok, to name a few. Moreover, there are other projects in which we reach out 

to the less fortunate children and people with disabilities. Offering support to the 



Message from the Chairman of the Board of Directors 

and the Executive Committee

(in Corporate Sustainability Report 2014)


Foundation for Slum Child Care and Association of the Union of the Disabled of 

Thailand, 443 wheelchairs were specifically created for each individual’s daily needs 

and given to Special Education Centers in Chonburi and Rayong as well as Department 

of Empowerment of Persons with Disabilities.

 Furthermore, in terms of Corporate Governance, the company highly values 

ethical conduct and anti-corruption policies. In February 2014, the company’s anti-

corruption policy was announced, alongside the whistleblower policy that provides 

protection for the persons making reports and those helping them. These policies 

illustrate another dimension of the company’s ongoing efforts to fulfill corporate 

social responsibilities.

 Finally, I would like to extend my gratitude to all stakeholders who have been 

providing ongoing support to the development of BDMS in the past 43 years. On 

behalf of the Board of Directors, the Executive Committee and all of the staff, I 

hope that BDMS will keep growing alongside Thai society, under the concept of 

sustainable development. 

 

Prasert Prasatthong-osoth, M.D.

 

Chairman of the Board of Directors and

 

the Executive Committee




MILESTONE

1969

1984

1994

1972

1991

2004

2005

• Bangkok Dusit Medical Services

Company Limited

was established with the initial 

registered capital of 10 million Baht

• Vejdusit Foundation was founded 

under the Royal patronage of

H.R.H. Princess Kalayaniwatana

Kromluangnaradhiwasrajnagarundra 

with an aim to help the Thai people 

and society at large

• Bangkok Dusit Medical 

Services Company Limited 

registered its conversion to 

public company limited

• BNH Hospital joined the 

network of hospitals under the 

management of Bangkok Dusit 

Medical Services PLC

• Bangkok Heart Hospital was 

founded as Thailand’s first 

private heart hospital

• Bangkok Hospital 

began its operation

• Bangkok Dusit Medical 

Services Company 

Limited was listed on the 

Stock Exchange of 

Thailand 

• Samitivej Hospital Group 

joined the network of 

hospitals under the 

management of Bangkok 

Dusit Medical Services PLC

 Bangkok Dusit Medical Services PLC is Thailand’s largest-network, medical service operator 

and is the leader of healthcare solutions providers with 37 medical institutions within its network. 

BDMS was established with an aim to deliver high quality healthcare services to the Thai public 

and society.

 

 BDMS provides international-standard, high quality care with compassion and deep empathy, 

in accordance with code of ethical conduct and Thai hospitality.



Introduction


2007

2013

2011

2006

2012

2010

2014

• Sanam Chan Hospital, Muang Petch-Thonburi 

Hospital and Thepakorn Hospital joined the 

network of hospitals under the management of 

Bangkok Dusit Medical Services PLC, and five 

more hospitals are established:

 

1. Bangkok Hospital Phitsanulok

 

2. Bangkok Hospital Chinatown

 

3. Bangkok Hospital Chiang Mai

 

4. Bangkok Hospital Khon Kaen

 

5. Royal Phnom Penh Hospital

• His Majesty King Bhumipol 

Adulyadej graciously 

bestowed the Royal Garuda 

Emblem upon Bangkok Dusit 

Medical Services PLC

• Phyathai Hospital Group and Paolo 

Memorial Hospital Group joined the 

network of hospitals under the 

management of Bangkok Dusit 

Medical Services PLC

• Thonburi Medical Centre Public Co.,Ltd. 

joined the network of hospitals under the 

management of Bangkok Dusit Medical 

Services PLC, and subsequently changed 

its name to Samitivej Thonburi Hospital

• Bangkok Emergency Services 

(BES), a patient transportation 

service with emergency vehicles 

began its operation, combining 

the resources of 5 leading hospital 

groups within BDMS network

• Wattanosoth Cancer 

Hospital was founded as the 

first private hospital devoted 

entirely to the treatment of 

cancer in Thailand.

• A.N.B. Laboratories Co., Ltd. 

(formerly known as Amnuay Bhesat)  

Joined Bangkok Dusit Medical 

Services PLC




Content

p. 8

p. 18

p. 26

p. 40

Ethical Business

Conduct

Employee Well-being

and Respect for

Human Rights 

Anti-Corruption

Policy

Corporate

Responsibility to

Customers










CSR activities in 2014

A Message of the Heart

p. 52

p. 58

p. 68

p. 74

p. 80

Social and Community 

Development

Healthcare Service

Innovations

Care for

the Environment











Ethical Business

Conduct01


C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4

01

10

 Bangkok Dusit Medical Services Public Company Limited (BDMS) provides 

healthcare services both locally and internationally. While continually maintaining 

our high standard and international quality of medical care as the leader of healthcare 

solutions providers in Southeast  Asia, we are also dedicated to deliver the best 

quality of services to customers. 

 

 BDMS is determined to conduct business with integrity; and clear evidence of 

our effort is our responsibility for errors occurred during the delivery of our healthcare 

services. The information about medication errors and flaws in the service delivery 

becomes valuable resources that we use to improve the overall patient experience, 

ranging from the service delivery system to the behaviours of healthcare professionals 

– doctors, nurses, and non-medical staff. This information has been obtained from 

our customers (details regarding our customers can be found in chapter 5 under 

the title “Corporate Responsibility for Consumers”), as well as our hospital personnel. 

 When BDMS initiated the new incident report policy in 2012, it is evident that 

most errors have been reported by the customers. As for the incidents reported 

from hospital staff, although small in quality, had been explored in detail through 

root cause analysis. The findings show that the staff:

Ethical Business 

Conduct




BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited

Ethical Business Conduct

11

 1. Do not realize that the errors are problems that need to be solved.

 

 2. Are worried that if the errors have been reported, whether the responsible 

person is s/he or other colleague, it could affect the relationship between co-workers, 

personal safety, or the job evaluation at the end of the year.

 After such findings, in 2013 the Committee for Risk Management and Professional 

Standards in cooperation with the Committee for Customer Satisfaction Improvement 

began discussions on embedding the adverse event reporting into the organizational 








C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4

01

12

culture. Thus, projects and workshops were initiated specifically in response to this. 

These include Good Doctor, Good Nurse, by the Medical Affairs Organization and 

the Nursing Staff Organization; Smart RM, by the Total Quality and Cost Improvement 

Division; Professional Development Project for security guards, janitors, and drivers, 

by QSRM Department, to name a few.








BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited

Ethical Business Conduct

13

 Such projects developed by BDMS are aimed to promote the staff’s awareness 

of their roles and duties and willingness to take responsibility for their misconduct, 

as well as build motivation towards honest and ethical conduct. These have resulted 

in an increase in the number of adverse event reports in 2013 and 2014.  

 Furthermore, the company employees are able to talk to the management team 

directly, with regard to any issue or misconduct, or report any injustice or wrongdoing 

within the organization. Alternatively, any employee wishing to report nonverbally 

can log in to the online reporting system “Occurrence Online” readily available on 

every desktop in the hospital.

 When an adverse event report enters Occurrence Online system, it will 

automatically be classified as one of the five levels, according to the severity of its 

consequences. Bangkok Dusit Medical Services Public Company Limited divides 

occurrences into five levels.



any employee 

wishing to report 

nonverbally 

can log in 

to the online 

reporting system 

“Occurrence 

Online”


C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4

01

14

 • Occurrences that are harmless and do not affect the quality of service, or “No 

Quality Concern” can be divided into two levels, which are:

 1. Level 0 - Near Missed Events 

  At this level, an instance of misconduct has taken place, but it has not yet 

affected other individuals. For example, a doctor may have prescribed aspirin to a 

patient who is aspirin-sensitive, but a pharmacist detects it before giving it to the 

patient, and report the incident via the system.

 2. Level 1 - No Harm Events

  An instance of misconduct has taken place at this level, but the consequence 

is harmless. For example, a doctor may have prescribed aspirin to an aspirin-sensitive 

patient. A patient has taken it, but there is no allergic reaction. A healthcare 

professional has been notified when the patient returns to the hospital, and reports 

the incident to prevent further medication errors. 

 • Occurrences with high risk impact, or “Adverse Events”, include four levels, 

which are: 






BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited

Ethical Business Conduct

15

 1. Level 2 -  Mild Adverse Events

  Errors that create higher risk impact on the patients are considered level 2. For  

  example, a patient with aspirin-sensitivity may have been mistakenly prescribed 

  aspirin by a doctor. Subsequently, the patient has taken it, resulting in allergic  

  reactions. However, the patient immediately receives allergy treatment and  

  the symptoms are relieved. 

  For the occurrences in level 0 – level 2, Head of Department shall seek to  

  solve the problem, while the Committee for Risk Management and Professional  

  Standards provides support and consulting.

 2. Level 3 - Moderate Adverse Events

  These are errors with even higher risk impact, which are often life-threatening.  

  For example, an aspirin-sensitive patient has been prescribed aspirin, takes it,  

  resulting in severe allergic reactions, and needs to be hospitalized.

  For all adverse events at this level, the Committee for Risk Management and  

  Professional Standards will hold a meeting every week to explore the cases in  

  detail and follow up very closely.  




C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4

01

16

 3. Level 4 - Serious Adverse Events 

  Errors at this level create very high impact on individuals both physically  

  and mentally. For example, a patient with aspirin-sensitivity may have been  

  mistakenly prescribed aspirin by a doctor, which leads to severe allergic  

  reactions. The patient then requires immediate treatment in the Critical Care  

  Unit. The treatment, however, results in complications, and the patient needs  

  to be hospitalized for a longer period of time or has to frequently return to  

  the hospital for treatment. 

 4. Level 5 - Reputation Events

  These include occurrences that create the highest level of negative impact for  

  the organization, involving lawsuits or public disclosure of such errors, resulting  

  in misunderstanding and bad reputation of medical professionals and hospital. 

  For example, a patient’s illness may have been cured, but during treatment,  

  the doctor makes some unpleasant remarks to the patient, which deeply upsets  

  him/her.

 

For the 

occurrences in 

level 4 – level 5, 

the Chief 

Executive 

Officers will be  

informed within 

one hour 




BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited

Ethical Business Conduct

17

	 	 For	the	occurrences	in	level	4	–	level	5,	the	Chief	Executive	Officers	will	be	 

  informed within one hour. An urgent meeting will be held by the Committee  

  for Risk Management and Professional Standards, and a solution will be sought  

  between the committee, CEOs, and the department directly involved with the  

  event.

 It is of utmost importance when conducting healthcare business to maintain the 

highest level of integrity, as well as high standard and international quality of medical 

care. Bangkok Dusit Medical Services Public Company Limited, therefore, strives to 

build the patients’ trust and confidence towards our services, making sure that all 

patients receive the highest quality of healthcare, value-for-money, services, with 

fairness and integrity. 









Anti-Corruption

Policy02


C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4

02

20

 Bangkok Dusit Medical Services PLC (BDMS) is determined to operate business 

with reliability and transparency, free from corruption at all levels, as announced 

in March 2014 (document 1 and 2).

 

Anti-Corruption 

Policy






BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited

Anti-Corruption Policy

21






C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4

02

22






BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited

Anti-Corruption Policy

23

 The Anti-Corruption Policy has since been implemented in the organization; 

managers and heads of department consider this code of conduct and make sure 

that the policy is strictly observed by all staff. In case of policy violation, disciplinary 

actions will be necessary, for example, 

 • In terms of human resources management, when a member of the staff violates  

  company policies, head of department will report to the human resources  

  department. A disciplinary action will then be given, according to the seriousness  

  of the violation. Discipline may range from a verbal warning up to termination  

  of employment.

 

 • In terms of building construction and renovation, responsible party is obliged  

  to clearly announce the construction procurement to promote transparency  

  in the contracting and bidding process.

 • In terms of medical services, all equipment and supplies in the hospital are  

  obtained through a standardized bid procedure that is employed by all hospitals  

  in the network.






C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4

02

24

	 •	The	purchasing	team,	in	collaboration	with	representatives	from	all	hospitals	

within	the	network,	set	up	a	system	that	is	transparent	and	environmental-friendly,	

for	example,	in	the	sectors	of	service,	general	supply	and	construction,	as	clearly	

described	in	TOR	in	the	bidding	process.	For	an	instance,	

	 	 •	An	example	of	TOR	of	housekeeping	provider	at	Samitivej	Chonburi	Hospital	

under	the	headings	3.3	and	3.6	states	that:	

	 	 3)	Qualifications	of	the	service	provider

	 	 3.1	Bidders	must	be	legal	service	providers	in	accordance	with	international	 

	 	 law.

	 	 3.2	Bidders	shall	not	be	enlisted	in	the	abandoners’	list	of	the	Thai	Government

	 	 Agencies	and	the	State	Enterprises

	 	 3.3	Bidders	shall	not	be	a	jointly	interested	bidder	with	other	bidders	and/or

	 	 Service	Provider	/	Facilitator	as	from	the	date	of	N	Health	issuance	of	the	bid	 

	 	 invitation	or	shall	not	be	a	person	who	undertakes	and	acts	as	a	“Obstruction	 

	 	 of	Fair	Price	Competition”	in	this	bid	invitation.

	 	 3.4	Bidders	shall	not	be	juristic	persons	who	have	the	special	privilege	or	 

	 	 immunity	with	which	to	refuse	being	taken	to	Thai	court,	or	if	they	have,	such	 

	 	 privilege	or	immunity	must	be	waived	by	the	order	of	such	Bidders’	Government.

	 	 3.5	Bidders	shall	be	Thai-nationality	juristic	persons	providing	the	same	type	 

	 	 of	service	as	the	one	in	the	bid	invitation	and	must	be	in	the	form	of	single	 






BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited

Anti-Corruption Policy

25

  contract with a minimum of 1,000,000.00 Baht budget, and must be a well- 

  established firm or joint venture or partnership or consortium of firms working  

  directly with Hospital, or other trusted state organizations. The service previously  

  provided shall not be more than two years. 3.6 Bidders must display evidence  

  of latest payment into the social security funds when submitting the bidding  

  form. 

  • The TOR of the A4 paper procurement of N Health’s bidding invitation states  

  that the packaging must be made from at least 30% of recycled pulp or other  

  material that has been certified “Green Label”.

  • In terms of engineering and construction procurement, new medical institution  

  projects with 60 beds or more require Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA)  

  which also takes into account the opinions of the local communities where  

  the projects are located.

 

 Bangkok Dusit Medical Services PLC (BDMS) intends to undertake the Anti-

corruption Progress Indicator assessment in the near future. We aim to attain level 

5 (Extended: indicating anti-corruption policy which extends to business partners, 

consultants, intermediaries and business representatives).

Bangkok Dusit 

Medical Services 

PLC (BDMS) 

intends to 

undertake the 

Anti-corruption 

Progress 

Indicator 

assessment in 

the near future







Employee Well-being

and Respect

for Human Rights 

03


C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4

03

28

 Bangkok Dusit Medical Services PLC (BDMS) manages a total of 37 hospitals, 

providing healthcare solutions all over Thailand, through a team of dedicated medical 

specialists. Our patients include those of Thai nationality as well as foreign nationals 

from around the world. Our employees, too, consists of Thai as well as international 

healthcare professionals. Therefore, BDMS is fully committed to support diversity 

and respect for human rights, through four main components, i.e. human rights, 

labor, environment, and anti-corruption1 

Employee Well-being and 

Respect for Human Rights 



1 Details of our anti-

corruption policy are included 

in chapter two of this report


BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited

Employee Well-being and Respect for Human Rights

29

 BDMS honors differences in personal beliefs and values of all employees. All 

staff is treated without discrimination on the basis of race, ethnicity, gender, religion, 

financial status, physical disability, illness, or any other grounds. The company 

respects differences in opinions, with regard to social values, economics, politics, 

environmental issues, as well as cultures and traditions. 




C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4

03

30

 Human rights policy has been woven into the company’s action plans and 

operations, which are fully disclosed to all investors, contractors, business partners, 

and all other parties, including individual employees. The staff shall be treated 

equally, whether in terms of payment, benefits, vacation days, annual performance 

evaluation, or bonuses.

 Moreover, the company strictly follows the Thai immigration laws, and is fully 

against illegal employment of foreigners and underage workers.

Furthermore, each year, all employees will be evaluated by the Human Resources 

Department, by means of the Key Performance Indicator (KPI). 

 KPI is employed to assess each employee’s performance and achievements, in 

relation to set goals. The result of which will be taken into consideration when it 

comes to job promotion and rotation, as well as individual development plan.

 Job promotion is carefully determined and given to employees regardless of 

gender differences. This gender equality policy can be observed in the well-balanced 

number of male and female chief executive officers.

 The company’s employees and heads of department in collaboration with the 

Human Resources Department and Chief Executive Officers have all taken part in 

developing the KPI, using performance evaluation results from the past year to 

create a set of standard KPIs for the year that follows.  

Job promotion 

is carefully 

determined and 

given to 

employees 

regardless 

of gender 

differences




BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited

Employee Well-being and Respect for Human Rights

31

 Apart from a firmly established rewards strategy that ensures fair compensation 

and benefits, and career progression and development opportunities, the company 

is committed to promote the employees’ health and wellbeing, happiness in the 

workplace, a supportive environment, a sense of belonging and feeling at home at 

work, and a strong employer-employee relationship, through a series of projects 

and activities throughout the year, for example: 

 

 • The employees association was founded to encourage interactions between 

staff; Employee representative was elected to ensure transparent and direct 

communication between the management and the staff.

 • A meeting between the CEOs and the staff of all levels is held every quarter 

to discuss company policies, direction and future plans, in an informal manner that 

allows all employees to raise questions and express their opinions. 

 • BMC Intranet, a virtual system developed for direct communication with the 

staff. Important data uploaded into the system, which can be reached by staff, 

include information about drugs and their proper use, doctor profiles, latest news 

from the Human Resources Department, details of training programs, employee 

rewards, for example.

 • Training courses through e-learning are conducted to allow all employees to 

conveniently access training and development programs online. This has led to 

improvement in cost effectiveness and more learning opportunities. The training 

and development costs are reduced by 30 percent, while each employee saves 

33.3% of the amount of time spent on training. This training scheme allows the 

employees to manage their time effectively and motivates them to continue 

developing their skills.








C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4

03

32

 • Health and wellness programs for staff are fully established. They include an 

array of services, for example, an annual health check-up, and exercise classes at 

17.30-18.30 every day.








BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited

Employee Well-being and Respect for Human Rights

33






C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4

03

34

 • Annual color sports day is held in October to promote the staff’s health and 

wellness, as well as, building strong connection among various groups of employees 

within the network of hospitals owned by BDMS.

 • Karaoke competition is also held in October every year to encourage fun and 

healthy environment, as well as strong engagement among the staff of the hospitals 

within the network, while honoring talents and skills of our employees. 






BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited

Employee Well-being and Respect for Human Rights

35








C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4

03

36

 • The employees are invited to participate in the “Good deeds for your birthday” 

activity, which allows them to make merits together with other staff born in the 

same month. Activities range from building a first aid room in rural schools to visiting 

and giving presents to disabled children.








BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited

Employee Well-being and Respect for Human Rights

37








C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4

03

38

 • Mental health promotion programs are offered to the staff and their families 

throughout the year. For example, free tickets to the Bangkok Symphony Orchestra 

concert, which is held every three months, are given to the employees and their 

friends and families. 

 Apart from the projects mentioned above, BDMS offers a vast variety of activities 

for their staff, because we strongly believe that the employees at all levels, whether 

they are doctors, nurses, security guards, cleaners, or drivers, are important and 

valuable part of our extended family.

free tickets to 

the BSO concert, 

which is held 

every 3 month








BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited

Employee Well-being and Respect for Human Rights

39











Corporate

Responsibility to

Customers04


C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4

04

42

Corporate Responsibility 

to Customers

 As mentioned in the previous chapters, Bangkok Dusit Medical Services PLC 

(BDMS) is Thailand’s largest-network, medical service operator and is the leader of 

healthcare solutions providers. Our mission is to provide internationally accepted, 

efficient and ethical high quality care through a dedicated team of healthcare 

professionals, ranging from the Chief Executive Officers to general staff, who are 

fully committed to the four organizational core values. They are: 

 

 

B – Beyond Excellence 

 

D – Deep Empathy

 

M – Moral Commitment

 

S – Service with Thai Hospitality

Beyond Excellence

 BDMS is strongly determined to deliver the best healthcare solutions to the 

public, through our services that surpass all expectations and latest medical 

technology and innovations.

 Throughout the year 2014, BDMS has been improving the quality of service in 

all aspects of the hospitals within our network. Numerous agreements have been 

signed between the company and leading educational institutions in Thailand and 

abroad, such as the Faculty of Medicine, Srinakharinwirot University; Oregon Health 

&amp; Science University, USA, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center USA. 

The Barbara Ann Karmanos Cancer Institute, Wayne State University School of 

Medicine, located in Detroit, Michigan, USA; and Pacific Rim Electrophysiology 

Research Institute at White Memorial Medical Center, Los Angeles, USA.








BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited

Corporate Responsibility to Customers

43

 BDMS runs numerous projects and activities throughout the year to continuously 

create a body of knowledge, through new research and studies, leading to up-to-

date medical innovations, while maintaining the highest level of safety and standards 

of medical care for all of our customers, ensuring their satisfaction and confidence 

in our healthcare professionals and services.

 Apart from our team of medical specialists who are equipped with clinical 

expertise and academic achievement of international standards, BDMS has invested 

in the latest state-of-the-art technology, bringing the newest medical devices available 

to the Thai people. Furthermore, BDMS urges all hospitals in its network to undergo 

rigorous screening to ensure they meet international standards for healthcare services. 

Such accreditation includes Joint Commission International (JCI) and Hospital 

Accreditation (HA) of Thailand.














C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4

04

44

Deep Empathy

 At the heart of healthcare services is empathy, which is the capacity to understand 

what another person is experiencing from within her/his frame of reference.

 The results of the patients’ perspectives of care survey, or HCAHPS (Hospital 

Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems), conducted in 2013, 

show that BDMS customers consider the quality of care as one of the most important 

elements alongside the quality of medical treatments. More than half of the 

complaints received are related to the attentiveness of the hospital staff which 

reflect the customer expectations towards the quality of healthcare service that is 

uniquely different from those in other service industries.

 Moreover, research in medical studies shows that the delivery of healthcare that 

is full of empathy towards patients contribute to the success of clinical treatments, 

supporting the healing process, and allowing the patients to recover from illness 

much sooner, thus reducing the duration of hospitalization. It also minimizes conflicts 

and the patients’ dissatisfaction with the healthcare services.1

 Therefore, BDMS considers empathy as one of the core values, urging all staff 

to take care of the customers and their relatives with deep empathy. This concept 

of empathy is conveyed to all members of the staff through various activities, for 

example,

๑  The Importance of Empathy 

in Medical Practice and Some 

of Its Difficulties, Humane 

Medicine Health Care Journal, 

Volume 4 Number 1, 2004, 

I r e n e  S w i t a n k o w s k y 

,Department of Philosophy, 

University of Waterloo , 

Waterloo, Ontario, Canada




BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited

Corporate Responsibility to Customers

45

	 •	Empathic	Communication	Camp	for	Physicians, a three-day, two-night seminar 

for doctors within the BDMS network, aimed to equip medical professionals with 

empathic communication skills that will allow them to effectively respond to patients 

and family’s needs, through workshops, role-playing, patient experience simulation, 

and group discussions.

Empathic 

Communication 

Camp for 

Physicians  

aimed to 

equip medical 

professionals 

with empathic 

communication 

skills 








C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4

04

46

	 •	Verbal	and	Physical	Empathic	Communication	for	Heads	of	Department, 

a course containing eight sessions that runs for four months, especially designed for 

Heads of Department and those directly in contact with patients and their family.

	 •	Empathic	and	Creative	Thinking	for	Security	Guards,	Housekeepers	and	

Valets, a two-month course for non-medical staff whose work are directly related 

to patients and family’s perceptions of the hospital visit and experience.

Heads of 

Department and 

those directly 

in contact with 

patients and 

their family 








BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited

Corporate Responsibility to Customers

47

	 •	Empathy	and	Service	Standards, basic principles of empathy for new 

employees, emphasizing service that places the patients and their family at the 

center of the experience.

 

Empathy and 

Service 

Standards, basic 

principles of 

empathy for new 

employees








C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4

04

48

 Empathy can be firmly planted in a healthcare institution only when everyone 

in the organization thoroughly understands the concept and is able to practice 

empathic communication with others. Throughout the year 2014, BDMS had been 

communicating the importance of empathy and empathic communication skills to 

staff of all levels. Furthermore, all activities mentioned above will continue for at 

least three years, so that empathy becomes part of organizational culture.







Empathy can be 

firmly planted 

in a healthcare 

institution 

only when 

everyone in the 

organization


BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited

Corporate Responsibility to Customers

49

Moral Commitment 

 Even though all members of the staff are determined to deliver the best healthcare 

solutions to the patients, an error might occur, or the patients may not be satisfied 

with the service provided. Therefore, responsibility for all of our actions is another 

important aspect of our service.

 When an error occurs in the healthcare delivery system, whether it is related to 

the quality of treatment, or the way our staff delivers service, the company is fully 

responsible for all of the actions, and will seek the best possible solution that is fair 

to both customers and employees.

 BDMS receives a number of complaints through various means – questionnaires, 

call center, occurrence online, direct interaction with customers, and public social 

media messages (websites, Instagram, Facebook, for example). 

 All of the compaints are collected by the Total Quality and Cost Improvement 

Division, who will conduct an investigation. The incident will then be categorized 

according to the seriousness of its consequences (details of the five levels of 

occurrences are in chapter one), and dealt with in a timely manner. According to 

the statistics gathered over the past years, 88% of the occurences are “Near Missed 

Events” and “No Harm Events” which are classified as level 0-1, while 12% of those 

require further actions from the hospital management team. After the Committee 

for Risk Management and Professional Standards and the Committee for Customer 



When an error 

occurs the 

company is fully 

responsible for 

all of the actions




C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4

04

50

Satisfaction Improvement were set up, there has been significant reduction in the 

number of complaints. However, since the end of 2013, when the changes to the 

Consumer Protection Law were introduced, the amount of customer complaints 

has risen, although not as many as before the two Committees were set up.

Thai Hospitality

 While all of the medical institutions within the BDMS network offer healthcare 

services, through the use of high technology, innovative equipments, the customers 

will experience the service from our staff that is gentle, courteous, and respetful.

 Thai hospitality, which can be perceived through sincere smiles, polite and 

considerate manner, and caring attitude, is very unique, and can make BDMS services 

stand out among the various medical institutions in Southeast Asia. 






BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited

Corporate Responsibility to Customers

51

 BDMS highly values “Thai hospitality” and blends this unique quality with 

international standard healthcare treatments and service with empathy to deliver 

the best healthcare solutions to patients and their families, who will not only be 

impressed with the quality of treatments but also the quality of the service that we 

provide.

 Above all, we realise that when we combine high quality of diagnosis and 

treatments with service with empathy, patients will recover from illness sooner. 

They will also be more cooperative with the doctors, and feel more positive about 

their health, thus, resulting in a shorter hospital stay and a faster recovery for patients.

Essentially, all of the four core values that include service that surpasses all 

expectations, with the use of latest medical technology and innovations (Beyond 

excellence), the capacity to understand what the patient is experiencing from her/

his point of view (Deep Empathy), moral and ethical responsibility (Moral commitment), 

and the unique Thai experience shaped by our staff (Service with Thai hospitality) 

have been carefully designed to ensure customers’ satisfaction with the healthcare 

service, whenever they choose to come to any hospital within the BDMS network.

the quality of 

treatments but 

also the quality 

of the service 

that we provide









Care for

the Environment

05


C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4

05

54

Care for 

the Environment

 The healthcare solutions that Bangkok Dusit Medical Services PLC (BDMS) provides 

are related to the environment in various aspects, leading to potential impacts on 

ecosystems, neighbors, and the natural environment. Our main service is to treat 

medical conditions, and on many occasions, this involves infections and hazardous 

chemicals, so inevitably, infectious waste is generated every day. Therefore, it is our 

utmost concern to develop a system to handle waste while reducing negative 

impacts on the society.

Waste	management	policy

 BDMS and all medical institutions within the network classify waste into 5 different 

types: disposable waste, recyclable waste, infectious waste, hazardous waste and 

radioactive waste. Regulations concerning waste managements are clearly 

communicated to all staff, so that everyone knows the protocol for management 

and handling of waste in the hospital, preventing the spread of potentially harmful 

waste into the environment. Moreover, the performance of the waste management 

contractor is reviewed and evaluated constantly.  






BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited

Care for the Environment

55

 Apart from the solid waste, BDMS also puts a lot of effort into wastewater 

treatment and the sewage system. The company has set up a unit to monitor the 

system that treats wastewater before releasing it to make sure that it does not pose 

risks to the environment and our neighbours.

 Our hospital staff fully realizes the importance of waste management and takes 

part in the annual Big Cleaning Day, an event in which the hospital employees and 

the residents living in the neighborhood join forces to take care of the environment 

by cleaning the streets and gutters, trimming trees, picking up trash, and cleaning 

road signs in the vicinity of Bangkok Hospital Medical Center. Apart from creating 

environmental awareness among the staff and the hospital neighbors, this event 

also strengthens the relationship between the company and the neighboring 

community.

this event also 

strengthens the 

relationship 

between the 

company and 

the neighboring 

community




C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4

05

56

Environmental policy

 Another campaign that BDMS is proud of is “Foam Free Hospital”. As we all 

know, polystyrene foam does not biodegrade for hundreds of years and is hazardous 

to the environment. BDMS realized the danger of this material and announced the 

“Foam Free Hospital” policy to discontinue the use of polystyrene foam, starting 

at Bangkok Hospital Medical Center, Bangkok Heart Hospital, and Wattanosoth Cancer 

Hospital.

 BDMS has also urged all shops and restaurants in the neighborhood to limit the 

use of polystyrene foam packaging to reduce environmental impact. Both our staff 

and the shop owners have responded well to this campaign.

Energy	saving	policy

 All of BDMS medical institutions are open 24 hours, 7 days a week, so high electric 

energy consumption is inevitable. 

 However, as we are facing scarcity of our non-renewable natural energy resources, 

the company has initiated several energy saving campaigns.




BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited

Care for the Environment

57

 Our most successful effort was to replace the air conditioning system to become 

more energy efficient. Beginning at Bangkok Hospital Medical Center, the company, 

in cooperation with Department of Alternative Energy Development and Efficiency, 

Ministry of Energy, has changed the air conditioning system from the split type to 

the district cooling which drastically reduces energy consumption, while maximizing 

the effectiveness of temperature and humidity control, as well as limiting the spread 

of germs. After the replacement of the air conditioning system, we have found that 

the energy consumption has decreased by 40% within four years (2011-2014). 

 BDMS will continue to create environmental awareness among the staff, and 

urge them help conserve energy, through various campaigns. For example, carpooling 

and cycling campaigns to reduce fuel consumption and air pollution. 

After the 

replacement 

of the air 

conditioning 

system, we have 

found that 

the energy 

consumption 

has decreased 

by 40%











Social and Community 

Development06


C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4

06

60

Social and Community 

Development

 Bangkok Dusit Medical Services PLC (BDMS) was founded with a vision to provide 

healthcare services to the people and society at large. Apart from the customer-

focused care offerred to those visiting us, we also reach out to others in the society 

through various projects carefully planned and conducted by the Vejdusit Foundation, 

founded in 1984, under the Royal patronage of H.R.H. Princess Kalayaniwatana 

Kromluangnaradhiwasrajnagarundra.

 Throughout the past years, Vejdusit Foundation has helped Thai society through 

a range of activities, such as providing basic medical care and health education to 

the general public. Examples of our activities are:








BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited

การรวมพัฒนาสังคมและชุมชน

61

 • Setting up a medical care unit to provide basic health check-up and consultation 

at Lumpini Park every Sunday morning.  This ongoing project has been running for 

more than 17 years.

 








C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4

06

62

 • Providing basic health check-up to the less fortunate, in cooperation with other 

foundations under the Royal patronage of H.R.H. Princess Kalayaniwatana 

Kromluangnaradhiwasrajnagarundra, for example, Foundation for Slum Child Care 

and Mahamek Home for Boys.

 

 • Green Health project, a collaboration for social service of all the hospitals in 

the BDMS network, was launched in 2013, and initiated two main activities: 

	 1.	Green	Health	Care	&amp;	Share, a campaign aimed to encourage donations of 

medical and health care equipments, such as wheelchairs, walkers, portable phlegm 

suction unit, and beds. In the past year, more than 1,000 items have been donated.

 

 








BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited

การรวมพัฒนาสังคมและชุมชน

63

	 2.	Green	Health	@	School, a campaign focuses on the improvement of health 

among students in the communities where the hospitals operate. Schools’ first aid 

rooms will get upgrades and receive a good supply of medicine and equipments. 

Nurses at these schools will also be equpted with first aid skills and medical 

knowledge, through our workshops and seminars.

 

 Both of these campaigns are very well received by the public. In the near future, 

new campaigns will be launched to further provide support to the communities 

and society at large, in terms of health care.



Green Health 

Project 

•	Green	Health

 Care &amp; Share

•	Green	Health		

 @ School










C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4

06

64

 • Offering health-related services to local authorities, for example, working with 

Huaikhwang District Office to regularly provide health check-up to the people within 

the district, and giving Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation (CPR) workshops to traffic 

police.








BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited

การรวมพัฒนาสังคมและชุมชน

65

Dissemination	of	medical	and	public	health	bodies	of	knowledge	

 Since BDMS is one of the leaders of health care solutions, providing internationally 

accepted, innovative high quality care through a dedicated, professional healthcare 

team, the company recognizes itself as an important source of knowledge in terms 

of medicine and public health.

the company 

recognizes itself 

as an important 

source of 

knowledge in 

terms of 

medicine and 

public health








C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4

06

66

 

 Bangkok Health Research Center (BHRC) was established by BDMS to become a 

leader in health research in Southeast Asia, and to facilitate health research activities 

of both clinical and pre-clinical stages for effective utilization of quality research 

results, through continuous strengthening of skills, technical as well as ethical 

competencies of staff in response to research and development requirements of 

Bangkok Hospital, network hospitals and local as well as international partners.    

 








BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited

การรวมพัฒนาสังคมและชุมชน

67

 In 2014 Bangkok Health Research Center supported 36 research projects (26 R2R 

and 10 Clinical Trials). The Center has been certified as an AOCSC - – AO Clinical 

Study Center by the AO Foundation since August 2014, with the first project on 

Geriatrics Fracture Center, aiming to collect data from 22 subjects from 2015 to 

2017. 

 The general public can gain access to health-related news and information that 

can be directly applied to daily life, by logging on to the website http://www.

bangkokhealth.com.

 

 Moreover, for medical professionals, the Bangkok Medical Journal, a peer-reviewed 

journal, is published twice a year by BDMS Foundation for Medical Education and 

Research, to serve as an educational instrument to enhance the practice of medicine. 

The Bangkok Medical Journal accepts original articles dealing with clinical and 

laboratory medicine, clinical research, basic science research, and clinical 

epidemiology. The journal is free of charge and can be read online at http://www.

bangkokmedjournal.com. Currently, more than 2,000 medical professionals have 

subscribed to the journal.

more than 2,000 

medical 

professionals 

have subscribed 

to the journal











Healthcare Service

Innovations07


C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4

07

70

Healthcare Service 

Innovations

๑  “…. ’s sensitive ability and 

willingness to understand the 

client’s thoughts, feelings, and 

struggles from the client’s 

point of view. [It is] this ability 

to see completely through the 

client’s eyes, to adopt his 

frame of reference.” From  A 

way of being by Carl Rogers 

(1980)

Patient-Centered

Care Principle

 All of the hospitals managed by Bangkok Dusit Medical Services PLC are leading 

medical institutions that offer advanced, international-standard, healthcare 

innovations, through a team of dedicated healthcare professionals. All of these 

institutions have achieved JCI or HA accreditation (details are in chapter 4, under 

the heading “Beyond Excellence”), so our customers can rest assured that they will 

receive the highest quality of medical care.

 

 Apart from the quality of medical care, another equally important aspect of 

healthcare is deep empathy that connects our healthcare team to the patients, 

which lead to faster recovery and more effective response to treatments, resulting 

in a state of holistic wellness of the patients. Therefore, the company is fully 

committed to develop empathy among the staff at all levels, as well as design the 

service in all areas to express sincere compassion and empathy towards the patients 

and their relatives.

 

 Empathy is social innovation that Bangkok Dusit Medical Services PLC is delighted 

to bring forward as it is an innovative concept that can be communicated directly 

to our customers and all of our stakeholders.

 

 Empathy is a sensitive ability and willingness to understand the client’s thoughts, 

feelings, and struggles from the client’s point of view. [It is] this ability to see 

completely through the client’s eyes, to adopt his frame of reference.1

 

 Since empathy is considered an ability, it can be trained. And for those who 

already have a lot of this special quality, it can be further enhanced. Empathy is 

essential in all dimensions of the company’s healthcare services.

Empathy

from

System

Patient

•Function

• Ideas

• Feelings

• Expectation

Empathy

from

Design

Empathy from

Non-Medical

Professional

Empathy from

Medical

Professional




BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited

นวัตกรรมดานการใหบร�การสุขภาพ

71

Empathy is 

essential in all 

dimensions of the 

company’s 

healthcare 

services

 To be able to truly deliver deep empathy to the patients and their family, the 

company has designed the services, so that all elements within them consist of 

empathy. For example:

 

	 •	The	services	provided	by	non-medical	professionals, such as security guards,  

  housekeepers, patient escorts, and receptionists; all of the staff in this category  

  is trained to be able to sincerely communicate empathy to the patients and  

  their family. (Empathy from non-medical professionals)

 

	 •	The	services	provided	by	medical	professionals, such as doctors, dentists,  

  and nurses; these specialists recognise the importance of empathy in healthcare  

  and learn to be able to express empathy to the patients and their relatives.  

  (Empathy from medical professionals) And to make sure that all of the medical  

  professionals working at BDMS understand the concept of empathy, the  








C S R   R e p o r t   2 0 1 4

07

72

  company has included this topic in all of the training programs throughout  

  2014. Moreover, all new employees are required to attend a practical seminar  

  entitled Empathic Communication for three consecutive days for a total of 24  

  hours of training.

 

 • All of the systems within the BDMS hospitals will be re-designed under the  

  concept of empathy, so that a sense of trust and safety is fully created among  

  our customers. We want to ensure that our customers are satisfied with the  

  services that are filled with deep empathy. For example, when a patient with  

  muscle pain visits the Rehabilitation Center at Bangkok Hospital, one of our  

  staff will approach her/him right away to offer assistance. The patient, then,  

  can receive a suitable treatment immediately without having to contact various  

  counters by her/himself before actually receiving services like in the past.  

  (Empathy from system)

 








BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited

นวัตกรรมดานการใหบร�การสุขภาพ

73



Bangkok Mental 

Health Rehabilitation 

and Recovery Center

 • The environment within the hospitals will be designed with the concept of  

  empathy towards our patients and relatives in mind. For example, lightbulbs  

  inside the patient rooms are replaced with new ones that create a feeling of  

  ease and relaxation, chairs in the waiting areas of the Bone and Joint Center  

  are re-designed to be more comfortable for patients with musculoskeletal pain  

  relaxing zone like home in Bangkok Mental Health Rehabilitation and Recovery  

  Center.

 After the implementation of this innovative concept, BDMS has been collecting 

data to evaluate the effectiveness of our services with empathy, by means of The 

HCAHPS (Hospital Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems), the 

employee engagement survey, and the customer complaint system. Subsequently, 

the results of this implementation will be assessed, and presented in an international 

academic conference.

 

 Nevertheless, empathy is a social innovation that the company has only just put 

into action at the hospitals within the network; and changing mindsets and behaviors 

of the staff cannot be done in an instant, it requires cooperation and recognition of 

the significance of empathy from every part of the organization, from the executive 

committee to the facility manager.

 BDMS will strive to bring forth the social innovation “empathy” through a range 

of projects and training activities in the next 3-5 years, as we strongly believe that 

empathy can promote health and wellness, physically and mentally, among our 

patients, their family and all of the company stakeholders.






CSR activities in 2014













BDMS 

GAMES












BSO

Concert










EMPATHIC 

COMMUNICATION 

CAMP FOR 

PHYSICIANS















BIG

CLEANING

DAY














Activities

of Vejdusit 

Foundation


A message from 

the heart of Bangkok Dusit Medical Services PLC

 This Corporate Social Responsibility Report has 

been created to communicate the commitment of 

Bangkok Dusit Medical Services PLC to develop 

healthcare services, while making a positive 

contribution to society, as we are stepping into the 

43th year in the healthcare industry.

 Bangkok Dusit Medical Services PLC is determined 

to conduct the business with good governance, the 

highest standards of ethics and internationally 

accepted high quality care, and we always strongly 

believe in the mutually beneficial relationship 

between our organization and the society.

 Therefore, Bangkok Dusit Medical Services PLC 

and all medical institutions within the network will 

strive to contribute to a better world through our 

range of activities in all dimensions, including society, 

economics, and environment.


Editorial

Editor-in-Chief

Pongsakorn Chindawattana, MD

Editorial

Dr. Grisana Punpeng

Siriporn Srisan

Panruetai Kongyimlamai

 

Speacial Thanks

Assoc. Prof. Ajjima Srethaputr

Narongrid Galaputh

Chaiyos Kunanusont, MD

Kessara Wongskate

Rahmida Dilokvilas

Phanasan Sutjaritpanich

Pojana Suksamanwong

Sumalee Phromburi

Patcharin Wongrukmit


BANGKOK DUSIT MEDICAL SERVICES Public Company Limited 

2 Soi Soonvijai 7 New Phetchburi Rd., 

Bangkok, Thailand 10310 

Tel. 66-2310-3000 Fax. 66-2318-1546 

www.bangkokhospital.com

