
 

 

Beng Kuang Marine Limited 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

 




Content Review 

Statement by the Board 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     1 

About this report 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     2 

Organisation Profile 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     3 

Supply Chain Management 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     6 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     7 

Materiality Assessment  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     8 

Sustainability Approach 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     9 

Corporate Governance  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   10 

Energy  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   11 

Water  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   11 

Effluent and Waste 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   12 

Occupational Health and Safety 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   13 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) content index  

 

 

 

 

 

   14 

 


Introduction – Statement by the Board 

 

Page 1 

 

 

  

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

2018 marks the second year of Beng Kuang Marine Limited (together with our subsidiaries, the 

“Group”)’s sustainability journey. The Group hereby presents our second Sustainability Report which 

outlined our initiatives and achievements on Environmental, Social, and Governance (“ESG”) topics 

for the financial year ended 31 December 2018 (“FY2018”). 

The Group recognises the importance of sustainability and view sustainability as an opportunity to 

create value for our business and stakeholders. The Group endeavours to continue to improve the 

management of our environmental impacts by reducing resource usage and minimising waste.  

 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) have provided guidance and support to ensure that the Group’s 

business strategies align to our sustainability objectives. The Group is cognizant of our role as a 

responsible corporation and the Board has placed significant emphasis on monitoring the 

sustainability performance of the Group. Following the materiality assessment conducted last year, 

the management of the Group has been implementing and aligning company-wide sustainability 

strategy to work towards the sustainability targets set by the Board. 

 

The Board is committed to enhance the sustainability performance and refine our reporting 

approach continuously through identifying, understanding and responding to evolving ESG 

challenges related to our business. 

 

As 2018 drew to a close, the Group would like to take this opportunity to thank our customers, 

partners, employees and various stakeholders who have been supporting us in one way or another 

throughout our sustainable journey. 



Despite the challenging market conditions and 

intense competition, the Group remains positive in 

pursuing our mission and will continue to actively 

explore business opportunities, reduce costs and 

improve operational efficiencies. 

 


 

 

Page 2 

 



 

About this Report 

Reporting Standards 

This is the Group’s second sustainability report for the financial year ended 31 December 2018. This 

report had been prepared with reference to the latest Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: 

Core Option for our robust regime and international applicability. In the preparation of our reports, 

we kept our disclosures to be in line with the requirements of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Rules 711A and 711B. In addition, we have looked into using the principles 

of stakeholder inclusiveness, sustainability context, materiality and completeness to put together a 

comprehensive report for our stakeholders. And for our quality, we have applied the GRI principles 

of accuracy, balance, clarity, comparability, reliability and timeliness. Please refer to GRI Context 

Index, which summarises information of our report. 

 

Scope 

This Report covers the operations of Beng Kuang Marine Limited in Singapore and Indonesia. 

 

Reporting Boundaries and Standards 

The Report is also prepared in accordance with GRI Principles for defining report content, including: 

• 

Materiality: focusing on issues that impact business growth and are of utmost importance to 

stakeholders; 

• 

Stakeholder Inclusiveness: responding to stakeholder expectations and interests; 

• 

Sustainability Context: presenting performance in the wider context of sustainability; and 

• 

Completeness: including all information that is of significant economic, environmental and 

social impact to enable stakeholders to assess the Company’s performance. 

 

Assurance 

We did not seek external assurance for this sustainability report. We have relied on internal 

verification to ensure the accuracy of data.  

 

Accessibility 

This report is available for download on our website at www.bkmgroup.com.sg as well as on 

Singapore Exchange Network (“SGXNET”) as part of our environmental conservation efforts. 

 

Feedback 

We welcome and value our stakeholders’ suggestions and feedback.  Please address all feedback and 

suggestions to bkm@bkmgroup.com.sg 


 

 

Page 3 

 



 

Organisational profile 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Beng Kuang Marine Pte Ltd was incorporated on 8 January 1994 in Singapore as a private limited 

company and was converted to a public limited company and renamed as Beng Kuang Marine 

Limited on 30 August 2004. 

 

The Group is principally engaged in Infrastructure Engineering, Corrosion Prevention, Supply &amp; 

Distribution and Shipping businesses.  

 

Infrastructure Engineering Division (“IE Division”)  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Our Infrastructure Engineering Division has been accredited 

with ISO9001:2000 certification and has received numerous 

letters of appreciation from shipyard operators and vessel 

owners alike. We provide a spectrum of turnkey engineering 

services from planning and project management to 

implementation 

involving 

procurement, 

fabrication, 

corrosion 

prevention, 

testing, 

installation 

and 

pre-

commissioning of steel work modules and structures mainly 

for customers in the marine, offshore oil and gas industries. 

We are currently operating two waterfront fabrication 

yards, a 1 hectare yard on the western side of Singapore 

along Benoi Basin, and 32.8 hectare yard on the eastern side 

of Batam Island, Kabil. In 2014, we have extended our 

services to include in-situ offshore platform and support 

vessel repairs, sandwich plate system (SPS) overlay 

treatment, implementation and installation of fire-fighting 

equipment and fire detection system. In 2015, we invested 

in an engineering company which is engaged in the 

manufacturing of pedestal cranes, marine and offshore deck 

equipment and supply of ship spares.  

 

• Shipbuilding/ Conversion 

• Offshore Construction 

• Turnkey Projects 

• Sandwich Plate System 

(SPS) Licensee 

• Offshore Asset Integrity 

Management 

• Project 

Management 

Services 

• Shop Blasting &amp; Painting 

• Thermal Spray Coating 

• Supply of Cranes and Deck 

Equipment 

 

Vision 

We aspire to be the Preferred Partner in 

providing total solutions for the offshore and 

marine industries. 

 

Mission 

We will strategically develop and execute our 

business profitably, bearing safety and 

innovations in mind, through total integration 

of solutions, together with the support from 

our employees to customers and partners. 


 

 

Page 4 

 



 

Corrosion Prevention Division (“CP Division”)  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Supply and Distribution Division (“SD Division”)  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Shipping Division (“SH Division”)  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. 

SD Division carries over 400 types of products (marine 

hardware equipment, tools and other products) under our 

house brands like MASTER, PROMASTER and SPLASH, all of 

which are commonly used in the marine, offshore, oil and 

gas, construction and other industries. 

 

• Personal protective Equipment 

• Blasting Equipment &amp; Accessories 

• Welding Equipment &amp; Accessories 

• Painting Equipment &amp; Accessories 

• Other General Hardware Products 

 

The Shipping Division has a total fleet of 8 vessels. The 2 

livestock vessels trade from Australia to Vietnam, China, 

Indonesia and Malaysia and occasionally to South African 

countries. The 4 tugs and 2 barges are all deployed in 

Indonesian waters, transporting mainly coal and building 

materials such as sand and aggregates. 

 

• Livestock Carriers 

• Tugs &amp; Barges 

• Ship Management 

Our past vast record and reputation for reliability have 

enabled us to secure appointments such as “Resident 

Contractor” to provide corrosion prevention services in 

several established shipyards in Singapore and Batam, 

Indonesia. Our customers include Keppel Group of 

companies, Singapore Technologies Group of companies 

and DDW-PaxOcean Group of companies.  

 

• Abrasive &amp; Non-Abrasive 

Blasting 

• Paint Application 

• Processing &amp; Distributing of 

Copper Slag 

• Rental of Machineries and 

Equipment 

 


 

 

Page 5 

 



 

Corporate Business Structure 

 

Beng Kuang Marine Limited 

Infrastructure 

Engineering 

Corrosion 

Prevention 

Supply &amp; 

Distribution 

Shipping and others 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






 

 

Page 5 

 



 

 

 

 

 *Percentage is computed based on Beng Kuang Marine Limited’s effective interest in subsidaries


 

 

Page 6 

 



 

Supply Chain Management 

The Group’s main suppliers consist of raw material suppliers, equipment manufacturers, water 

distributors and suppliers of Marine and Industrial Hardware. The Group has conducted screening 

and assessment on our suppliers based on the criteria set out in the Group’s Procurement Policy on 

a regular basis. We review factors such as industry track record, reputation and certifications to 

ensure our suppliers comply with local, environmental, health and safety rules and regulations. 

The Group engages with our suppliers regularly to align our requirements and expectations to 

ensure seamless operations and sustainable business practices. 

 

 

Membership of Associations 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The Group is a member of The Association of Singapore Marine 

Industries (“ASMI”). ASMI is a non-profit trade association formed in 

1968 to promote the interests of the marine industry in Singapore. 

ASMI represents a wide cross-section of the Singapore ship repair, 

shipbuilding and rig building industry. The major ship repair yards, 

rig builders and shipbuilders in Singapore as well as most of the 

established local and foreign manufacturers and suppliers of marine 

and offshore components, and major marine and offshore 

engineering companies are among its members. It also represents 

marine and offshore engineering contractors and companies whose 

activities are directly related to the industry including classification 

societies and marine consultants. 

 



Member since 1 August 2004 

The Group is a member of The Singapore Business Federation 

(“SBF”). SBF is the apex business chamber championing the 

interests of the Singapore business community in the areas of trade, 

investment and industrial relations. It represents 25,800 companies, 

as well as key local and foreign business chambers.  

 



Member since 4 January 2002 


 

 

Page 7 

 



 

Stakeholder Engagement 

The Group reaches out to our key stakeholders actively through various channels to understand the 

expectations of both our internal and external stakeholders in order to identify ESG issues of 

significance to our business. The Group strives to incorporate their feedback into our planning and 

actions whenever appropriate and relevant to our business. 

Customers 

The Group strives to provide quality products and services to our customers. Customers are 

encouraged to send us their feedback. Feedback obtained is reviewed and relevant follow up actions 

are taken to better serve our customers. Regular communications with customers helped us further 

understand their requirements and expectations. 

Employees 

Our people are the core of our business and also the key to achieve long term sustainable business 

goals. Through regular trainings, meetings and performance appraisals, we are able to encourage 

critical thinking, enhance work performance, staff morale and contribute to employee’s satisfaction 

to ensure that employees’ contribution is aligned to the Group’s business goals. 

Suppliers 

Supplier management is important to us to ensure seamless business operations. Stringent supplier 

selection, screening and evaluations are performed following the guidelines set out in the Group’s 

Procurement Policy. The Group engages suppliers regularly through various channels including e-

mails and telecommunications and provides feedbacks on the products and services provided to 

increase efficiency and productivity which helps to improve our business operations. 

 

Shareholders and Investors 

Shareholders and investors play an important role in the financing, operations and control aspects of 

our business. The Group is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance 

within the Group to ensure timely and transparent reporting of the management accounts to our 

investors and shareholders. Shareholders have the opportunity to interact with the Board and Senior 

Management at our Annual General Meeting. The Group’s Management works with the Board of 

Directors to address queries from investors. 

 

Government and Regulators 

The Group performs regular monitoring, evaluation and audits on our financial information and 

internal controls to ensure our activity complies with the exiting regulatory and industry standards 

and guidelines. The Group is firmly committed to complying with all legal and regulatory 

requirements. 


 

 

Page 8 

 



 

Materiality Assessment 

The ESG topics first identified in FY 2017 were 

re-assessed 

through 

our 

continuous 

stakeholder engagement process and have 

confirmed that these 5 topics remain 

important. The material issues are identified 

based on the significance of our ESG and 

economic impacts and the degree of influence 

they have on stakeholder assessments and 

decisions. 

 

 



Anti-corruption





Energy





Water





Effluent and Waste





Occupational Health and Safety






 

 

Page 9 

 



Sales

Purchase

Finance

Admin

Human Resource

Financial 

and 

Business 

Operation

Board of 

Directors

 

Sustainability Approach 

With our vision and core values in mind, we integrate sustainability into the way we operate. The 

Group’s sustainability efforts are led by Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and supported by the 

department heads from various functional divisions in the Group. Our sustainability performance is 

also regularly communicated to the Board, who oversees the Group’s sustainability strategy. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Decision making, formulating 

corporate sustainability strategies and 

guidelines, setting performance goals 

and monitoring overall performance   

Implementation and 

execution of the policies 

and sustainability 

initiative    

Organise and 

coordinate 

sustainability 

initiatives 


 

 

Page 10 

 



 

Corporate Governance 

The Group observes a high standard of corporate governance within the Group to ensure 

accountability and transparency in conducting our business. The Group has established policies and 

procedures in place to safeguard against fraud and protect the interests of our stakeholders. A risk 

management framework has been adopted to identify, review and manage key risks arising from the 

management and operations of the Group’s operating segments.  

The Group has complied with the principles and guidelines set out in the Code of Corporate 

Governance 2012 and the SGX listing rules. We also perform regular monitoring, evaluation and 

audit our internal policies and procedures to ensure our activity complies with the exiting regulatory 

requirements. 

The Board believes in the importance of maintaining a sound system of internal controls to 

safeguard shareholders’ investments and the Group’s assets. Policies and procedures for various 

business operations are established to provide guidelines to employees and also to address financial, 

operational and compliance risks and the internal controls in place are reviewed by management, 

the Audit Committee and the Board. 

An enterprise risk management (“ERM”) framework has been set up with the help of internal 

auditors and supervised by the Board and Audit Committee to continuously identify and address 

relevant strategic, operational, financial and compliance risks of the Group. 

The Group is committed to run our business with integrity and has zero tolerance towards fraud, 

bribery and other misconducts. The Group has also put in place a Code of Conduct including anti-

corruption policies and whistle-blowing arrangement whereby the employees may, in confidence, 

raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters to the 

AC Chairman. Arrangements are in place for the independent investigation of such matters for 

appropriate follow-up actions to be taken.  

 The Group’s Code of Conduct, Conflict of Interest and anti-corruption policies illustrates the 

guidelines on key ethical issues which explicitly emphasises on dishonest, illegal, fraudulent, corrupt 

or other serious improper conduct which are communicated to all employees as and when necessary. 

Directors are also required to make declaration to uphold the Group’s spirit and core values of not 

engaging in unethical practices. 

The Group strives to preserve our past zero record of corruption cases.   

For further details on Corporate Governance, kindly refer to our 2018 Annual Report pages 14 – 25.


 

 

Page 11 

 



 

Environment 

 

The Group remains dedicated to our responsibility to protect the environment. The Group aims to 

reduce our environmental footprint as part of our efforts to address stakeholders’ increasing focus 

on environmentally sustainable businesses. 

Energy 

The Group has been monitoring our energy 

consumption rate and is taking effort to 

conserve electricity. The Group made efforts 

to create awareness and encourage employee 

to adopt energy saving habits. During the year, 

there is an increase in the electricity 

consumption due to the increase in projects 

especially in the first quarter of 2018. The 

Group continuously reviews the production 

processes and explores for new solutions for 

energy 

conservation. 

We 

believe 

that 

reducing 

environmental 

footprint 

can 

contribute to increased productivity, reduced 

pollution, lower consumption of natural 

resources 

and 

improved 

financial 

performance. 

 

Water 

The Group prioritises the minimisation of 

precious water resources. The Group takes 

advantage of new technologies and solutions 

to reduce fresh water consumption and 

increase water usage efficiency. The total 

water consumption of the Group consists of 

potable water (water from local catchment 

and imported water), NEWater (treated 

wastewater from sewage) and recycled water. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

853677

1991593

1105472

133530

Electricity

Diesel

Electricity Consumption (in 

MegaJoule)

FY 2017

FY 2018

2109

2027

Water consumption

Water Consumption (in Cubic 

meter)

FY 2017

FY 2018


 

 

Page 12 

 



 

Effluents and Waste 

 

The Group strives to meet our responsibility 

to protect the environment to the best of our 

ability. The Group maintains our efforts on 

waste management through the 3’R’s strategy 

to minimise waste generation and to properly 

treat 

waste 

generated 

responsibly. 

Environmental policy on waste management 

including collection, transportation, storage, 

treatment and disposal of hazardous and non-

hazardous wastes is regularly reviewed by the 

management 

and 

audited 

to 

ensure 

compliance with relevant laws and regulations. 

Waste shall be recycled whenever possible to 

minimise waste disposal. Only licensed waste 

collectors will be engaged to collect the 

hazardous waste from the Group’s premise. 

The Group also ensures that our business 

operations 

comply 

with 

all 

relevant 

environmental laws and regulations. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The Group seeks continuous effort in our environmental impact management by reducing resource 

usage and minimising waste. 



21

9.7

Copper Slag (T)

Hazourdous waste generated 

(Copper Slag)

FY 2017

FY 2018

400

0

Waste paint (L)

Hazourdous waste generated 

(Waste Paint)

FY 2017

FY 2018


 

 

Page 13 

 



 

Occupational Health and Safety (“OHS”) 

 

Our employees’ health and safety at workplace is our top priority. 

We are also committed to comply with applicable regulatory 

requirements to prevent injuries and illnesses at work place. As a 

testament to our commitment to implement the highest 

standards of workplace safety, we are OHSAS 18001:2007 

certified by the Workplace Safety and Health Council Singapore 

(WHSC). 

Occupational health and safety policies are established and 

regularly reviewed to identify, mitigate and report risks and 

communicate best practices throughout the organisation. Safety 

procedures 

are monitored 

by 

assigned 

Safety 

Officers. 

Machineries and equipment are monitored for safety hazards and 

repairs and maintenance are performed on a regular basis by 

authorised examiner. We also proactively promote awareness of 

workplace health and safety and provide adequate training to our 

employees.   

We maintained zero fatalities across our offices and work sites in 

FY 2018 and no major non-conformity has been reported from 

the OHSAS 18001:2007 audit carried out in September 2018. We 

are firmly committed to maintain this record. 

 

OHS Objectives 

❖ Reduce 

the 

Major 

Injury 

Accident 

Frequency 

Rate 

(“AFR”) and Accident 

Severity Rate (“ASR”) 

to below 1.2 and 100 

per million man hours 

worked 

❖ Reduce 

the 

Minor 

Injury AFR and ASR to 

below 6.5 and 50 per 

million 

man 

hours 

worked. 

❖ To reduce the safety 

contravention 

of 

company 

employees 

and 

sub-contractor 

employees 

as 

a 

benchmark of previous 

year data 

 


 

 

Page 14 

 



 

GRI Context Index 

 

General Standard Disclosure  

Page Reference 

and Reasons for 

Omission, If 

Applicable 

Organisational Profile 

GRI 

102: 

General 

Disclosures 

102-1 Name of the organisation 

Cover page 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

Page 3  

102-3 Location of headquarters 

Page 3 

102-4 Location of operations 

Page 3 

102-5 Ownership and legal form 

Page 3 

102-6 Markets served 

Page 3 - 4  

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

Page 3 - 4 

102-8 Information on employees and other works 

Page 7  

102-9 Supply chain 

Page 6 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain 

Page 1 

102-11 Precautionary Principle or approach 

Page 1 

102-12 External Initiatives 

Page 11 

102-13 Membership of association 

Page 6 

Strategy 

102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker 

Page 1 

Governance 

102-18 Governance structure 

Page 10  

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

Page 7 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

The management 

has not adopted 

any collective 

bargaining 

agreement 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Page 7 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Page 7 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

Page 8 

 


 

 

Page 15 

 



 

GRI Context Index (Cont’d) 

 

 

GRI Standard  

Page Reference and 

Reasons for 

Omission, If 

Applicable 

Organisational Profile (Cont’d) 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Refer 

to 

Annual 

Report 

102-46 Defining report content and topic Boundaries 

Page 7 

102-47 List of material topics 

Page 8 

102-48 Restatements of information 

N/A 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

N/A 

102-50 Reporting period 

Page 2 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

Page 1 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

N/A  

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Page 2 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

Page 2 

102-55 GRI  content index 

Page 14 

102-56 External assurance 

N/A 

Material Topics – Anti-Corruption 

GRI 205: 

Anti-

Corruption 

205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

Page 10 

205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption 

policies and procedures 

Page 10 

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

Page 10 

Material Topics – Energy 

GRI 302: 

Energy 

302-1 Energy consumption within the organisation 

Page 11 

302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organization 

Page 11 

302-3 Energy intensity  

Page 11 

302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 

Page 11 

302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and 

services 

Page 11 

Material Topics – Water 

GRI 303: 

Water 

303-1 Water withdrawal by source 

Page 11 

303-2 Water sources significantly affected by withdrawal of 

water 

Page 11 

303-3 Water recycled and reused 

Page 11 


 

 

Page 16 

 



 

GRI Context Index (Cont’d) 

 

 

GRI Standard  

Page Reference and 

Reasons for 

Omission, If 

Applicable 

Material Topics –  Effluents and Waste 

GRI 306: 

Effluents and 

Waste 

306-1 Water discharge by quality and destination 

Page 12 

306-2 Waste by type and disposal method 

Page 12 

306-3 Significant spills 

Page 12 

306-4 Transport of hazardous waste 

Page 12 

306-5 Water bodies affected by water discharges and/or 

runoff 

Page 12 

Material Topics –  Occupational Health and Safety 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety 

403-1 Workers representation in formal joint management–

worker health and safety committees 

Page 13 

403-2 Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number of work-

related fatalities 

Page 13 

403-3 Workers with high incidence or high risk of diseases 

related to their occupation 

Page 13 

403-4 Health and safety topics 

Page 13 

