




FY2018

Sustainability Report






Table of Contents

Board Statement___1

Group Structure___2

Sustainability Governance___3 - 4

About BlackGold___5

About The Report___6

Engaging Our Stakeholders___7

Addressing Your Concerns___8

Materiality___8

Operations Processes___9

Material Factors___10

Environmental Sustainability___11

Environmental Compliance___12 - 14

Water Management___15

Waste Management___16

Energy Consumption___17

GHG Emissions___18

Our People___19

Occupational Health &amp; Safety___20

Local Communities___21

Governance: Anti-Corruption___22

GRI Index___23






Board Statement

The Board of BlackGold Natural Resources Limited is proud to present 

its second Sustainability Report since the release of our inaugural report 

on 26 December 2018. This report sets out our policies, practices and 

performance in relation to sustainability, and was prepared in accordance with 

the SGX Sustainability Reporting Guide and the Global Reporting Initiative (Core) 

Standards.

Indonesia is a nation rich in natural resources and has increasing energy demands 

to fuel the country’s continued economic growth. Driven by Indonesia’s economic 

progress, urbanisation and a growing middle class have accelerated the need for 

greater access to electricity across the archipelago. Demand for electricity is expected 

to 

rise, 

as 

the 

country’s 

political 

and 

business 

leaders 

begin 

to 

prioritise 

energy, 

infrastructure 

and 

electrification, 

of 

which 

coal 

is 

an 

integral 

part 

of, 

in 

the 

immediate 

future.

At BlackGold, we believe in building a sustainable business that not only 

delivers long-term value to our stakeholders but one which commits to 

sustainable considerations to our mining practices. To be a part of the 

future of Indonesia’s power generation, we must first protect its future.

Sustainability is at the heart of our business practices and operational 

considerations. We place health and safety as our utmost priority, ensuring that 

we are environmentally responsible in our operations and are committed to 

respecting human rights and supporting our host communities. As a 

partner in the communities in which we operate, we share stewardship 

of the environment, support local cultures and aim to make a positive 

impact, 

both 

socially 

and 

economically, 

in 

these 

communities.

BlackGold is committed to complying with the laws and regulations of the jurisdictions 

in 

which 

we 

operate. 

Where 

the 

local 

jurisdiction’s 

regulatory 

requirements are less stringent than our own, we continue to uphold 

the 

Group’s 

own 

standards 

of 

legal 

and 

regulatory 

compliance.

Group Structure

1

2



100%

BlackGold Asia 

Resources Pte. Ltd.

(Singapore)

100%

BlackGold Asia 

Energy Ltd

(Hong Kong)

100%

BlackGold Power

Pte. Ltd.

(Singapore)

99%

(2)

PT Samantaka Batubara

(PT SB Concession, 

Sumatra, Indonesia)

99%

(1)

PT BlackGold

Energy Indonesia

(Indonesia)

99%

(2)

PT BlackGold

Energy Power

(Indonesia)

99%

(2)

PT Ausindo

Prima Andalas

99%

(2)

PT Ausindo

Andalas Mandiri

Notes:

1. 

1.0% non-controlling interests held by PT Bahagia Sakti Makmur (Indonesia), 

an investment holding company incorporated in Indonesia to own 1.0% 

of PT BlackGold Energy Indonesia to comply with Indonesian laws, 

which require a minimum of 2 shareholders in a limited liability company.

2. 

1.0% non-controlling interests held by PT Serasi Duta Pratama (Indonesia), 

an investment holding company incorporated in Indonesia to own 1.0% of 

PT Samantaka Batubara, PT Ausindo Andalas Mandiri, PT Ausindo Prima 

Andalas, and PT BlackGold Energy Power to comply with Indonesian laws, 

which require a minimum of 2 shareholders in a limited liability company.






Sustainability is addressed at the highest levels at BlackGold. Our Board of Directors 

oversees the sustainability approach – assisting with governance and close 

monitoring. We believe a high standard of governance is critical to the implementation 

of our strategy, as well as the achievement of targets for long-term success.

The main duties of the Board include providing leadership on BlackGold’s overall 

strategy, taking into consideration any sustainability issues that may arise and ensure 

the adequacy of the Group’s framework for risk management and internal controls.

Our employees work closely with the Management to identify and manage 

material risks across our business activities, functions and processes through 

our internal risk management standards. This allows us to consistently apply a 

risk-based approach in our business considerations and operations. All material 

risks are assessed alongside careful consideration of the potential health, 

safety, environmental, community, reputational, legal and financial impacts. By 

incorporating risk management into all our work processes and critical business 

systems, we ensure that decisions are made based on relevant inputs and valid data.

The Audit Committee evaluates the design and effectiveness of our risk management 

processes and systems annually. These audit results are used to create detailed 

management plans to address and identify gaps. Key findings are then reported to the 

Board, which manages oversight of the Group’s systems of risk management. At the 

business unit level, economic, operational as well as health and safety issues and other 

risks are reported to, and reviewed by the Head of Mining Operations

in the Indonesia office.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Philip Rickard

Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Offcer

Jeremy Ng

Chief Financial Offcer

Hanggono Sakti

Head of Exploration

Himawan Supryadi

Head of Mining Operations

Sustainability Governance

3

4


About BlackGold

BlackGold Group (“BlackGold” or the “Group”) is an Indonesia-focused coal mining 

company targeting Indonesia’s rapidly growing power plant industry, with a specific 

focus on supplying coal to power plants located in Riau province, Sumatra, Indonesia.

The Group, through its subsidiaries in Indonesia, holds the rights to PT Samantaka 

Batubara (“PT SB”), a coal concession in Riau, a region rich in natural resources.

Capitalising on its core competencies in coal mining, the Group is able to tap 

into the regional coal demand via the strong support given by the Government 

of 

Indonesia 

for 

development 

of 

the 

country’s 

electrical 

power 

capacity.

Since 2017, the Group has been a member in the Association of Catalist Companies (“ACC”). 

In FY2018, the Group recorded net revenue of US$5,647,854, and produced approximately 92,320 

metric tonnes of coal.

The Group is listed on the Catalist board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

under the stock code 41H.

Our Vision

Our Mission

Our corporate mission is to support our shareholders, customers, 

employees and local communities in their endeavours to achieve 

economic and social prosperity; realising their goals through our 

sound business activities. A sound management style which places 

emphasis on integrity is the essence of BlackGold’s business philosophy.

This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI 

Standards: Core option. The Group has selected the Global 

Reporting Initiative (the “GRI”) framework as the primary 

guideline for our sustainability reporting aside from the 

guidelines issued by the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”). The reason for selecting the 

GRI framework is due to its internationally-recognised, well-

structured guidance and universal application which allows 

the application of the relevant guidelines to all aspects of its 

current operations and countries in which the Group operates.

The scope of this report encompasses all business operations 

within the BlackGold Group (including its subsidiaries) 

boundary definition for the period 1 January to 31 December 

2018. However, some of the matters addressed in the report 

are illustrated by developments and initiatives that have 

continued into 2019; we therefore believe that they are relevant to 

this report.

Although some indicators are applicable to all types of 

industries, the scope of this sustainability report will 

be unique to the BlackGold Group’s industry-specific 

concerns and risks. We will introduce new measurement 

indicators as they are accepted, from time to time.

For 

any 

queries 

pertaining 

to 

this 

report, 

please 

email 

us 

at 

contactus@blackgold-group.com.

About The Report

Our vision is to be the region’s leading coal and 

energy 

provider, 

creating 

superior 

customer 

and 

shareholder 

value 

through 

innovation 

and cost efficiency, with responsible focus on 

health, safety and environmental considerations.

5

6




Engaging 

Our Stakeholders

Here at BlackGold, we recognise the importance of engaging our 

stakeholders to encourage open communications and build relationships. 

Being listed on the Catalist Board of SGX-ST and having our mining 

operations based in Indonesia, we interact with a range of stakeholders 

through various effective mediums of communication across the region.

Identified key stakeholder groups significant for BlackGold are namely; 

shareholders, employees and unions, central and local government 

institutions, business associations, contractors and other business 

partners, local communities, media and non-governmental organisations. 

We conduct our communications with our stakeholders via our 

announcements, annual general meetings, corporate publications such 

as the annual report, sustainability report, our website (www.blackgold-

group.com), as well as any news releases to the market and media.

Addressing 

Your Concerns

Stakeholders

Frequency of 

Engagement

Approach

Concerns

Aspect 

Boundary

Shareholders / 

Investors

Regularly

o Announcements 

o Press Releases 

o Analyst Reports 

o Annual Reports 

o Sustainability Reporting 

o Investor Presentations 

o Website 

o Email Communications

o Environmental Compliance 

o Anti-Corruption 

o Greenhouse Gas (“GHG”) 

Emissions

Internal and 

External 

Customers

Monthly

o Announcements 

o Email Communications

o Telephone

o Anti-Corruption

o Occupational Health and 

Safety

o Local Communities

External

Regulators

Regularly

o Announcements

o Annual Reports 

o Sustainability Reporting 

o Email Communications

o Telephone

o Water Management

o Energy Consumption

o GHG Emissions

o Waste Management

o Environmental Compliance 

o Anti-Corruption

o Occupational Health and 

Safety

o Local Communities

External

Employees

Weekly

o Weekly Meetings

o Email Communications

o Telephone

o Occupational Health and 

Safety

o Local Communities

o Anti-Corruption

Internal

Materiality

Understanding materiality is the foundation of sustainability reporting. The materiality analysis and 

assessment framework allow BlackGold to develop a robust understanding of what issues are material to 

the Group’s operations, the environment and communities that act as barriers or enablers to achieving our 

business goals in the short, medium and long term. In doing so, the management team is able to prevent 

or mitigate these risks and gain access to opportunities which will allow us to successfully deliver our 

business strategy, while also meeting our shareholders’ expectations for value in our developed assets.

We have identified eight (8) key focus areas that hold high relevance to the global sustainability challenges 

that the Group faces. Determination of material aspects and priority topics for presentation in this report 

is based on a 2016 GRI publication, “Defining What Matters” as guidance to strike a balance between key  issues 

that the Group would like to highlight and areas in which stakeholders would prefer to have greater visibility of.

8

7




Operations Processes

Stage 1: Supplier Procurement

• Occupational Health and Safety

• Local Communities

• Anti-Corruption

Stage 2: Feasibility Studies

• Occupational Health and Safety

• Local Communities

• Water Management

• Energy Consumption

• GHG Emissions

• Waste Management

• Environmental Compliance

Stage 3: Land Clearing

• Occupational Health and Safety

• Local Communities

• Water Management

• Energy Consumption

• GHG Emissions

• Waste Management

• Environmental Compliance

Stage 4: Mining Operations

• Occupational Health and Safety

• Local Communities

• Water Management

• Energy Consumption

• GHG Emissions

• Waste Management

• Environmental Compliance

Stage 5: Delivery to Customers

• Occupational Health and Safety

• Local Communities

• Energy Consumption

• Waste Management

• Environmental Compliance

Stage 6: Land Rehabilitation

• Occupational Health and Safety

• Local Communities

• Water Management

• Energy Consumption

• GHG Emissions

• Waste Management

• Environmental Compliance

Material Factors

Importance to Stakeholders

Impact on Business

Water Management

Energy Consumption

Waste Management

Local Communities

Environmental Compliance

GHG Emissions

Occupational Health 

and Safety

Anti-Corruption

9

10




Environmental

Sustainability

At BlackGold, we believe in sustainable mining, and therefore we make it 

our top priority to protect the environment and minimise any impacts of 

our mining activities on the surroundings. We pay extra attention to identify 

risks to the environment at each stage of our coal mining, production, and 

distribution process flow, in order to mitigate risks in a timely manner.

Environmental

Compliance

BlackGold is committed to the improvement of environmental management and adding value 

to the maintenance of natural resources, energy conservation and community development.

In FY2018, approximately S$138,000 was set aside as provision for our continued, 

sustainable reclamation and rehabilitation of the PT SB concession, while strictly 

adhering to local and international environmental sustainability compliance regulations.

Stepping into FY2019 and beyond, the Group targets to maintain the zero non-compliance record 

and to step up on our environmental management efforts whenever and wherever possible.

The following pages show the Indonesian environmental regulations that the Group 

has complied with:

Environmental Aspect

Indonesian Environmental Compliance Regulations

Remark

Water Quality

PP No. 82 Tahun 2001 tentang Pengelolaan Kualitas Air 

Dan Pengendalian Pencemaran Air

Government Regulation No. 82 of 2001 on Management of 

Water Quality and Control of Water Pollution

In compliance

Permenlh No. 5 Tahun 2014 tentang Baku Mutu Air Limbah

Minister of Environment’s Decree No. 5 of 2014 on Waste 

Water Quality Standards

In compliance

Permenkes No. 416 Tahun 1990 Syarat-syarat dan 

Pengawasan Kualitas Air

Minister of Health’s Decree No. 416 of 1990 on Terms and 

Water Quality Monitoring

In compliance

Kepmenlh Nomor 113 Tahun 2003 tentang Baku Mutu Air 

Limbah bagi Usaha dan atau Kegiatan Pertambangan Batu 

Bara 

 

Decision of the Minister of Environmental Affairs No. 113 

of 2003 on Standard Quality of Waste Water for Coal Mining 

Business and/or Activities

In compliance

11

12

BlackGold’s environmental policy is as follows:

1. Identify, assess, and monitor all environmental impacts

2. Develop and implement an environmental system aligned to 

company regulations and all national and international regulations

3. Engagement and involvement of external vendors where necessary 

for best practice

4. Keep the size of disturbed areas to a minimum and rehabilitate the 

mined-out area to promote the reintegration of flora and fauna

5. Identify, track, manage and assess actual performance against targets 

for the continuous improvements in reducing GHG emissions, waste 

minimisation, impacts of environmental pollution and protection of 

biodiversity


Environmental Aspect

Indonesian Environmental Compliance Regulations

Remark

Environment, Environ-

mental Impact Assess-

ment, and Post-mining 

Plan

UU No. 32 Tahun 2009 tentang Perlindungan dan 

Pengelolaan Lingkungan Hidup

 

Law No. 32 of 2009 on Environmental Protection and 

Management

In compliance

PP No. 27 Tahun 2012 tentang Izin Lingkungan

Government Regulation No. 27 of 2012 on Environmental 

Permits

In compliance

Permen ESDM No. 7 Tahun 2014 tentang Pelaksanaan 

Reklamasi dan Pascatambang Pada Kegiatan Usaha 

Pertambangan Mineral dan Batubara

Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources Decree No. 7 of 

2014 on Reclamation and Post-mining in Mining, Minerals, 

and Coal

Not applicable since 3 May 

2018. On the mentioned date, 

this Decree was revoked and 

replaced by Decree No. 26 of 

2018

Permen ESDM No. 26 Tahun 2018 tentang Pelaksanaan 

Kaidah Pertambangan yang Baik dan Pengawasan 

Pertambangan Mineral dan Batubara

Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources Decree No. 26 of 

2018 on the Implementation of Good Mining Practices and 

Mining Supervision for Minerals and Coal

In compliance

Toxic and Hazardous 

Materials and Waste

Peraturan Pemerintah No. 101 Tahun 2014 tentang 

Pengelolaan Limbah Bahan Berbahaya dan Beracun

Government Regulation No. 101 of 2014 on the Management 

of Toxic and Hazardous Waste

In voluntary compliance 

– not enforced for mining 

companies.

* The regulation is enforced 

for 4 types of companies, 

namely:- (i) Waste Producers, 

Waste Transporters, Waste 

Utilizers, Waste Collectors.

Peraturan Pemerintah No. 74 Tahun 2001 tentang 

Pengelolaan Bahan Berbahaya dan Beracun

Government Regulation No. 74 of 2001 on Management of 

Toxic and Hazardous Material

In compliance

Forestry and Biodiversity

UU No. 41 Tahun 1999 tentang Kehutanan

Law No. 41 of 1999 on Forestry

In compliance

Peraturan Pemerintah Nomor 7 Tahun 1999 tentang 

Pengawetan Jenis Tumbuhan Dan Satwa

Government Regulation No. 7 of 1999 on Preservation of 

Plants and Animals

In compliance

Keppres RI No. 41 Tahun 2004 tentang Perizinan atau 

Perjanjian di bidang pertambangan yang berada di kawasan 

hutan

Presidential Decree No. 41 of 2004 on Licences or 

Agreements in the Mining Sector Located in Forest Areas

In compliance

Permenhut No P.27/Menlhk/Setjen/Kum.1/7/2018 tentang 

Pedoman Pinjam Pakai Kawasan Hutan

Minister of Forestry’s Decree No. P.27 of 2018 on Guidelines 

for Leasing of Forest Area

In compliance

This supersedes Degree No. 

P.16 of 2014.

Environmental Aspect

Indonesian Environmental Compliance Regulations

Remark

Energy

UU N. 30 Tahun 2007 tentang Energi

Law No. 30 of 2007 Concerning Energy

In compliance

PP No. 70 Tahun 2009 tentang Konservasi Energy

Government Regulation No. 70 of 2009 on Energy 

Conservation

In compliance

Permen ESDM No. 14 Tahun 2012 tentang Manajemen 

Energi

Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources’ Decree No. 14 of 

2012 on Energy Management

In compliance

Air Quality

PP no. 41 Tahun 1999 tentang Pengendalian Pencemaran 

Udara

Government Regulation No. 41 of 1999 on Control of Air 

Quality

In compliance

Perpres No. 61/2011 tentang Rencana Aksi Penurunan Gas 

Rumah Kaca (GRK)

Presidential Decree No. 61/2011 on Action Plan to Reduce 

Greenhouse Gases 

In compliance

Perpres No. 71/2011 tentang Pencatatan Inventarisasi GRK 

Nasional

Presidential Decree No. 71/2011 on National GHG Inventory 

Recording

In compliance 

Permen LH No.4/2014 tentang Baku Mutu Emisi Sumber 

Tidak Bergerak Bagi Usaha Atau Kegiatan Pertambangan 

Minister of Environment’s Decree No. 4 of 2014 on Quality 

Standard of Stationary Source Emissions in Mining Activities

In compliance

Keputusan Presiden No. 23 Tahun 1992 tentang Ratifikasi 

Konvensi Wina untuk Perlindungan Lapisan Ozon

Presidential Decree No. 23 of 1992 on Ratification of Vienna 

Convention for Protection of Ozone Layer

In compliance 

Peraturan Presiden No. 33 Tahun 2005 tentang Pengesahan 

Amendemen Beijing

Presidential Decree No. 33 of 2005 on Ratification of Beijing 

Amendment

In compliance 

Peraturan Presiden No. 46 Tahun 2005 tentang Pengesahan 

Amendemen Montreal tentang pengurangan penggunaan 

bahan-bahan yang berpotensi menipiskan lapisan ozon.

Presidential Decree No. 46 of 2005 on Ratification on 

Montreal Amendment Concerning Reduction in Use of 

Substances Potentially Causing Ozone Layer Depletion

In compliance 

13

14


Water Management

Water usage plays an essential function in our Group’s operations, 

and is a scarce and valuable resource. As such, we recognise the 

importance of managing the consumption of water at our Jakarta 

Head Office (“Jakarta HO”), as well as at the PT SB concession mine site.

In FY2018, there were no reports or complaints on incidents related to the use of 

water nor any environmental harm caused to water bodies in the vicinity of 

our mining areas.

Since the Company’s inaugural report published last year, the Jakarta 

HO has managed to install automatic shut off water faucets in the 

restrooms to minimise water usage. At the Jakarta HO and at the PT SB 

concession, water is used effectively and recycled wherever possible to 

optimise the usage of water and reduce the impact on the environment.

The Group is unable to provide a reliable estimate of its total water usage for 

FY2018 as the costs and quantity of water usage at its Jakarta HO is not separable 

from the monthly office rental costs, and therefore unable to be separately

monitored. 

At 

the 

PT 

SB 

mining 

concession, 

water 

is 

drawn 

from 

natural 

aquifer 

wells, 

therefore 

there 

is 

no 

practicable 

way of calculating how much water is used at the mine site.

Moving into FY2019, BlackGold shall continue to accelerate its search for more 

ways to minimise and conserve water usage, within our permissible boundaries.

Waste Management

Waste, whether in the form of liquids, solids or effluents, is generated in the course of our 

mining activities. The storage, transportation, and disposal of waste can potentially cause 

serious harm to human health and the surrounding environment, should such activities 

be conducted without the necessary resources to foresee, and prevent any potential damage.

As such, the Group recognises waste management as a material factor in our 

sustainability reporting and strives to improve our waste handling processes year on year.

At the PT SB concession, the Group has put in place a waste management policy 

at the mining operational area. A settling pond was constructed to eliminate 

acid water seepage from the mine and ensure proper water drainage. This 

pond is also used to neutralise the pH level in the water prior to being discharged. 

The waste from our mining areas is primarily disposed of at our own facilities.

Mineral waste, mainly consisting of overburden and waste rock, remains at the site where 

it is generated. Reusable by-products of our mining operations such as topsoil are stored 

separately and protected from erosion to be used for the rehabilitation of the mined-out area.

In FY2018, the Group began the planning for additional waste management facilities, 

the construction for which is underway now, and is targeted for completion by the 

end of 2018. Due to the nature of our operations, the additional waste management facilities will 

be primarily focused on improving the storage and disposal of sand, gravel, cement, and zinc.

The variance in the amount of waste produced in FY2017 and FY2018, as shown below, is mainly 

due to the reasonable wear and tear of our equipment that requires more regular maintenance 

and servicing, which in turn leads to more waste being produced as an unintended result.

Moving forward, the Group will spend more time on researching for ways to minimise the amount 

of waste generated, and to discover new methods to manage waste in a sustainable manner.

15

16

Breakdown of Waste Generated

Type

FY2017

FY2018

Unit of Measurement

Lubricant

5,247

6,661

Litre

Waste Fuel

2.5

2.5

Litre

Cotton Rag

-

6

Kilogram

Used Filter

660

1,282

Piece

Grease

1

1

Kilogram

Automotive Battery

11

77

Piece

Composition of Waste Contribution

• 90% from Mining Operations

• 5% from Land Clearing

• 5% from Coal Hauling


Energy Consumption

Electrical power is essential for every part of our lives, as such, we recognise the 

critical importance of using energy with careful consideration and efficiency so as to 

ensure that there will be ample energy to run our mining operations and for future 

generations to come.

Management is the driving force behind enforcing energy saving policies and practices 

set out by the Group. This stance is emphasised to the employees regularly and sessions 

to improve employees’ awareness of environmental issues are held whenever possible.

At BlackGold’s Jakarta Head Office and at the PT Samantaka Batubara mine site, 

electricity is to be switched off at 6pm, unless there is overtime work that requires the 

use of electricity.

For the earlier part of FY2018, there was an increase in operations work and 

manpower hours at the Jakarta HO which led to a spike in energy consumption.

In the 4th quarter of FY2018, the Company saw a 50% decrease in energy 

consumption as compared to the 4th quarter of FY2017. This was largely due to 

the relinquishment of unneeded office space and the cessation of renovation works 

at the Jakarta HO in order to conserve electricity to the best of our abilities, which 

we understand can be limited due to circumstances beyond the Company’s control.

Moving forward, the Company targets to produce better results, in terms of reporting 

gradually decreasing energy consumption, year on year, to the best of our ability.

GHG Emissions

As a coal mining company, BlackGold recognises the impacts its business activities 

may have on the environment, despite our best efforts to minimise the effects. 

However, despite the downside of using coal, coal will likely continue to be the most 

affordable and readily available source of energy for decades to come, and that, is 

critical for the growth and improvements in standards of living for developing nations.

Managing the effects of climate change is a priority in BlackGold’s environmental 

management strategy, the combustion of coal at the PT SB concession produces GHG 

and other emissions such as dust that may have an adverse impact on the environment 

and the local communities. At BlackGold, we are constantly exploring the use of different 

technologies in our approach to creating a clean and safe working environment 

for our employees, the local communities, as well as the biodiversity in the area.

Our open-pit mining activities emit dust during excavation and transportation. 

As part of the Group’s environmental management strategy, we have employed 

extensive use of dust suppression techniques to control the emanation of mining 

dust at the mine site. Catalytic converters are also installed in all heavy equipment 

used at the mine site to reduce the toxicity of gases released into the atmosphere.

In FY2018, the Group approached 2 separate third-party environmental consultants 

in relation to the monitoring and management of GHG Emissions. The Group is 

currently 

in 

the 

process 

of 

assessing 

and 

vetting 

the 

third-party 

environmental consultants to come to a consensus on which agency 

would be the best fit for managing such a key material factor.

As of FY2018, the Group has yet to implement any systems to measure the volume 

of GHG emitted, largely due to the high costs involved that makes a measurement 

system impracticable to be installed in the Company’s current stage of growth. 

Moving 

into 

FY2019, 

the 

Group 

targets 

to 

engage 

a 

third-party 

environmental 

consultants 

for 

the 

purpose 

of 

collecting 

and 

analysing 

data 

on 

PT 

SB 

concession’s 

GHG 

Emissions.

17

18

0

500

1,000

1,500

2,000

2,500

3,000

3,500

4,000

Energy Consumption Breakdown

FY2017

FY2018

KwH




Our People

People are the cornerstone of any business, and BlackGold is committed to growing and

developing our human resources. We believe in the importance of creating and maintaining a work culture 

that not only improves job satisfaction but also encourages employee retention and instils motivation 

in our people. BlackGold places a strong emphasis on providing safe working conditions, recognising 

and awarding outstanding performances, fostering team work and offering rewarding career growth.

BlackGold continuously strives to improve the performance of its people as the primary asset 

in running the Company’s business. We believe that our approach to employee-employer 

relationships helps attract, motivate and retain our talent. We are committed to promoting

diversity in our workforce – inspiring creativity in our business considerations and execution. 

BlackGold is an equal opportunity employer, employing and promoting people purely based on merit.

Our employees are hired on the basis of their overall qualification for the required 

job; 

we 

do 

not 

discriminate 

based 

on 

race, 

nationality, 

religion, 

gender, 

age, 

sexual 

orientation, 

gender 

identity, 

disability, 

and 

political 

(or 

other) 

opinions.

The majority of BlackGold’s employees are male, owing to the nature of our mining activities which 

naturally attracts more male workers. It is not indicative of gender discrimination at the workplace.

At BlackGold, our remuneration structures are fair and merit-based according to a person’s 

knowledge, experience and ability. We ensure a fair system across all eligible employees by conducting an 

annual performance evaluation, during which we discuss an employee’s strengths and areas for career 

development. The Group’s Remuneration Committee also reviews existing remuneration structures on an 

annual basis to ensure that the structure is fair and appropriate in accordance with updated regulations. 

BlackGold ensures that all permanent employees are covered under a fair compensation and remuneration 

scheme comprising of basic salary, annual incentive and job-specific allowances, without prejudice.

The 

Group 

invests 

in 

its 

employees 

through 

various 

professional 

development 

opportunities 

and 

training 

programmes 

for 

mining 

supervisors 

to 

develop 

their 

skillset and equip them with the necessary knowledge for further career advancement.

In addition to professional training programmes, knowledge sharing sessions (“BlackGold 

Co-learning Sessions” or “BCOS”) are held regularly. These sessions see each employee 

conduct a short lesson in their field of expertise to share their knowledge and experience 

with the team. This fosters a holistic education to each team member’s contribution to the 

work place and has proven to be an effective tool in developing a cohesive work environment.

In FY2018, the Group employed the following breakdown of employees:-

• Number of permanent employees = 41

• Number of temporary employees = 9

• Number of full-time employees = 50

• Number of part-time employees = 0



Occupational

Health and Safety

Our mining operations involve using large, heavy equipment. If not managed properly, such 

equipments may affect the safety of employees at the mine site. Mining activities also entail other 

risks such as unforeseeable emergency situations due to mine accidents and natural disasters. 

That is precisely why the implementation of sound, well-structured health and safety systems 

and emergency response protocols is critical to our accident and disaster mitigation efforts.

BlackGold regards health and safety as an integral part of its operations. We understand 

that effective safety management contributes to operational excellence. The Group takes 

a proactive and vigilant approach to protecting our employees’ health and safety, with 

a lasting commitment to maintaining an incident-free workplace. We demonstrate our 

commitment to maintaining this high standard by diligently improving the health and safety 

practices described in its Health, Safety and Environmental (“HSE”) Management System. 

The principal aspects of BlackGold’s HSE Management System include:

• Comprehensive Health Check-ups – conducted annually for all workers;

• Emergency Preparedness Plan – a comprehensive plan to guide our workers and sub-

contractors on how to react during emergencies or accidents; 

• Safety Risk Management – a guide on how to control and minimise risks in situations 

that pose a safety hazard to our employees;

• Safety, Health, and Environment Feedback Channels – there are prescribed procedures in 

place for employees to address their concerns to the Management.

At BlackGold, health check-ups are conducted annually for all workers as we believe in 

taking care of our employees beyond their safety at the workplace. Our mining concession 

is located in an area which is a distance from the city centre, as such, medical resources 

are limited at the mining concession. Therefore, it is of utmost importance to us to ensure 

the health aspects of our employees and their family members are taken care of as a 

form of social responsibility towards the local communities which we operate near to.

During FY2018, no injuries or fatalities have occurred through the course of our mining 

operations; and in line with our commitment to maintain a zero injuries and fatalities 

record, we have procured additional enhanced safety equipment for our employees at the 

mine site. Moving into the future, as the production volume increases, we shall also step up 

on our efforts to maintain a safe and healthy environment for our employees to work in.

19

20




Local Communities

While profitability is important, BlackGold believes in maintaining a balance between 

pursuing both financial and corporate social responsibility (“CSR”) objectives. Our 

success is dependent on our ability to maintain the trust and relationships with the 

communities at our concession, and we foster these relationships through various 

sponsored activities and programmes to help enhance their standards of living.

The local community is viewed as an integral part of the Group’s operations. Priority is given 

to local people in our recruitment as we believe in empowering, developing and supporting the 

local talent present in the relevant countries in which we operate. We also 

support local business owners by procuring our food supplies directly from 

them, and we sponsor the training of workers at the local community health 

centres so they can in turn provide better health services to the community.

On a monthly basis, we provide financial and non-financial assistance for the following needs:

• Training and education of basic skills

• Medical supplies

• Medical facilities and infrastructure

• Community road maintenance 

• Village development 

Aside from the monthly assistance that we provide to the local communities near our mining 

concession, BlackGold also sponsors certain special annual events. During special occasions 

such as Ramadhan, Eid Al-Adha, Hari Raya Idul Fitri, Lebaran Haji, and Christmas, the Group 

sponsored meals for the community and supported the villagers with their celebrations 

financially. 

Our PT SB concession is located in a remote and relatively underdeveloped area, where amenities 

and infrastructure are less adequate as compared to the city centres. As such, we take it upon 

ourselves to improve the lives of the community through formal employment, infrastructure 

investments, healthcare, and education. In FY2017, BlackGold improved access to clean drinking 

water for the local villagers through the drilling of a new well at a mosque in Peranap, Riau.

Education is also one of our key focuses when it comes to helping local communities. 

We believe that the only sustainable way to help improve the standards of living for 

the villagers and their future generations is through providing opportunities for 

education for keen and motivated learners, regardless of their age and proven abilities.

As our mining operations are based on the open pit mining method, BlackGold ensures 

that we have a well-planned and strategic approach to the local communities settled in the 

mining operational areas. If needed, the residents will be relocated from the designated 

operating areas and the necessary assistance will be provided for the continuance 

and betterment of their livelihoods. During FY2018, no relocation was required.



Governance: 

Anti-Corruption

The BlackGold Group is committed to the highest standards of corporate governance and 

supports the principles of transparency, integrity and accountability advocated by SGX-ST. 

The Board of Directors of the Group recognises the importance of corporate governance 

and is committed to maintaining high standards to safeguard the interests of the 

Company’s shareholders and enhance corporate value and accountability by complying 

with the corporate governance practices, principles and guidelines contained in the Code 

of Corporate Governance 2018 as well as all regulatory reporting that is required to provide 

investors with an accurate, coherent and balanced account of the Group’s performance.

BlackGold has a dedicated investor relations and corporate communications team whose 

primary function is to provide investors with timely and accurate disclosures as well as develop 

investor engagement initiatives. Those include one-on-one meetings with potential investors, investor 

roadshows as well as the regular updates of the investor relations section of the corporate website. 

The Group, through the course of its business activities and engagement with local suppliers and 

partners, is exposed to a relatively high degree of risk for corruption. Therefore, we have made it our 

top priority to identify areas where corruption could occur and put in place policies and practices to

prevent it.

We 

manage 

this 

risk 

by 

maintaining 

our 

commitment 

to 

uphold 

the 

highest 

standards 

of 

ethical 

behaviour 

and 

communicating 

to 

all 

employees 

that 

the 

Group 

has 

a 

zero-tolerance 

attitude 

to 

all 

forms 

of 

unethical 

practices.

Employees who suspect or are aware of an occurrence of unethical behaviour are strongly 

encouraged to report to the Management immediately as part of our whistleblowing policy.

During FY2018, certain key executives of the Group were called as witnesses in relation to 

a bribery case surrounding a power plant project that the Group was bidding on. As a result of 

the ongoing investigations by the authorities, certain bank accounts were held for examination.

In December 2018, the bank accounts were released from being held for examination 

as the Indonesian courts had ruled that the case was extraneous to the Group.

The 

Group 

maintains 

its 

resolve 

to 

continue 

upholding 

stringent 

standards 

towards corruption and unethical behaviour. In FY2018, there were no unethical 

behaviour or offences uncovered, and we target to report the same for FY2019.

Moving forward, into and beyond FY2019, the Group shall step up on its efforts to identify 

risks within its organisation in order to address them in a timely, and well-organised manner.

21

22


GRI Content Index

GRI Indicator

Disclosure

Page Reference

GRI 102: GENERAL DISCLOSURES 2016 - Organizational Profile

102-1

Name of the organization

Pg. 5

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

Pg. 5

102-3

Location of headquarters

Pg. 5, 15

102-4

Location of operations

Pg. 5

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Pg. 2, 5

102-6

Markets served

Pg. 5

102-7

Scale of the organization

Pg. 2, 19

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Pg. 19

102-9

Supply chain

Pg. 9

102-10

Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain

N.A.

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

Pg. 11

102-12

External initiatives

Pg. 21

102-13

Membership of associations

Pg. 5

GRI 102: GENERAL DISCLOSURES 2016 - Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Pg. 1

GRI 102: GENERAL DISCLOSURES 2016 - Ethics and Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour

Pg. 5

GRI 102: GENERAL DISCLOSURES 2016 - Governance

102-18

Governance structure

Pg. 4

GRI 102: GENERAL DISCLOSURES 2016 - Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Pg. 8

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

N.A.

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Pg. 8

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Pg. 8

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Pg. 8

GRI 102: GENERAL DISCLOSURES 2016 - Reporting Practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

Pg. 2

102-46

Defining report content and topic Boundaries

Pg. 6

102-47

List of material topics

Pg. 10

102-48

Restatements of information

N.A.

102-49

Changes in reporting

N.A.

102-50

Reporting period

Pg. 6

102-51

Date of most recent report

Pg. 1

102-52

Reporting cycle

Pg. 6

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

Pg. 6

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

Pg. 6

102-55

GRI content index

Pg. 23

102-56

External assurance

N.A.

GRI 103: MANAGEMENT APPROACH 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Pg. 11 - 22

103-2

The management approach and its components

Pg. 11 - 22

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Pg. 11 - 22

This report has been reviewed by the Company’s Sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited (the “Sponsor”).

This report has not been examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(the “SGX-ST”) and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this report including 

the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made, or reports contained in this report.

The 

contact 

person 

for 

the 

Sponsor 

is 

Ms. 

Tay 

Sim 

Yee 

(Telephone 

number: 

+65 

6232 

3210), 

at 

1 

Robinson 

Road, 

#21-00 

AIA 

Tower, 

Singapore 

048542.



23

