
 

 

1 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2019 

 

 

Blumont Group Ltd. 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2019 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore 

Company Registration Number: 199302554G 


 

 

2 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2019 

Table of Content 

About this Report 

3 

About Blumont 

4 

Message from Chief Executive Officer 

7 

Materiality Assessment 

8 

Key Stakeholders Engagement 

9 

Risk and Opportunities 

10 

Our Business 

11 

Our Environment 

12 

Our People 

13 

Our Governance 

18 

GRI Content Index 

20 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

3 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2019 

About This Report 

 

This Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (“FY2019”) is the 

third report prepared by Blumont Group Ltd. and its subsidiaries (“Blumont” or “the Company” 

and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”). Sustainability at the Group is about delivering 

values in a responsible way to meet the world’s growing needs. In this report, we highlight 

the progress of our journey towards sustainable development and how we have carried out 

initiatives to attain our Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) goals.  

This report is prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) standards - 

Core option and in reference to SGX-ST Listing Rules (711A and 711B) – Sustainability 

Reporting Guide.  We have chosen GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards for its 

comprehensive guidelines in reporting sustainability matters, and we have applied its 

principles of accuracy, balance, clarity, comparability, reliability, and timeliness to put 

together a comprehensive report. 

We will be focusing on sustainability initiatives carried out by our sterilisation business at PT. 

Rel-ion Sterilisation Services (“PT. Rel-ion”) as it remains the main contributor of our reported 

net revenue for FY2019.   

We have not sought external assurance for this reporting period and will consider it when our 

reporting matures over time. A copy of this report is available for download from the website 

of SGX-ST at www.sgx.com. We are committed to listening to our stakeholders and we look 

forward to your feedback. The contact point for questions regarding this report will be Mr. 

Lee Tak Meng, Executive Director &amp; Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of the Company.  

 

 

 


 

 

4 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2019 









To continue to re-engineer Blumont Group Ltd. (the “Company” and together with its 

subsidiaries, the “Group”) into a niche strategic investor in businesses with the global 

market in mind, that can generate opportunities, scalability and growth for the Group. 

About Blumont 

Company Profile 

Blumont Group Ltd. is listed in year 2000 on the mainboard of Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (“SGX”)  and headquartered in Singapore. Other operating subsidiaries are 

located in countries such as Indonesia and Malaysia.  

The Group is organised into three main business segments, which are: 

i. 

Investment holding - investment in transferable securities including but not limited to 

marketable shares, warrants and debentures etc. 

 

ii. 

Sterilisation - providing contract sterilisation and polymerisation services to food 

packaging, medical devices, cosmetic raw materials and consumers products. 

 

iii. 

Property - development of properties for sale, long-term holding of properties for 

rental and related income. 

 

In FY2019, sterilisation business remained to be the main revenue driver as it contributes 98% 

of revenue to the Group. Please refer to table below for FY2019 results. 

 

 

 

 

Mission Statement 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Segment 

31 December 2019 (S$) 

Sterilisation 

4,211,505 

Property 

86,909 

Investment holding 

- 


 

 

5 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2019 

Group Structure 

Singapore 

Seychelles 

Malaysia 

Indonesia 

 

 

 

 



100% 

Adroit Innovations 

Investment Pte Ltd 



100% 

Gemisuria 

Corporation Sdn. 

Bhd. 



100% 

Asphere Holdings 

Pte. Ltd. 



100% 

Solid Base Limited 



PT Rel-ion 

Sterilization Services 



100% 

Tria Holdings Pte. 

Ltd. 



100% 

Raintree Rock Sdn. 

Bhd. 



Trackplus Sdn. Bhd. 



65% 



35% 



22.29% 



77.71% 


 

 

6 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2019 

 Board of Directors 

 









Siaw Lu Howe 

- Non-Executive Chairman 

Lee Tak Meng 

- Executive Director &amp; CEO 

John Lee Yow Meng 

- Executive Director &amp; CFO 

Ng Keok Chai 

- Lead Independent Director 

Tan Gim Kang, Arran 

- Non-Executive and Independent Director 

Aris Muhammad Rizal 

- Non-Executive and Independent Director 

 


 

 

7 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2019 

Message from Chief Executive Officer  

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

 

On behalf of the Board of Directors (the “Board”), I am pleased to share our journey towards 

sustainable growth through our third Sustainability Report. This report sets out our 

sustainability principles and initiatives that have been put in place to align our operations with 

our stakeholders’ expectations in the areas of environment, social responsibilities and 

governance.  

In our aspiration to become the leading sterilisation service provider in Indonesia, we are 

consistently committed to review the business operations and strategies to better serve the 

needs of our customers and deliver value to our stakeholders. 

Blumont’s sustainable growth also begins with our people, hence, the well-being of our 

employees is of utmost importance to us. With clear policies, strategies and open 

communication in place, we continue to build a strong and motivated team. 

Through this report, we hope our stakeholders will better understand our priorities behind 

each approach and gain insights to how our business decisions contribute to sustainability in 

the long run.  

We would like to thank our stakeholders for your continued support and trust in our journey 

to sustainability. 

 

 

 

Lee Tak Meng 

Executive Director &amp; CEO 

 


 

 

8 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2019 















Corporate 

Governance

Corporate 

Values &amp;  …

Waste &amp; Resource 

Management

Occupational 

Health &amp; Safety

Training &amp; 

Education

Economic 

Performance

Blumont's Priorities

Stakeholder's Priorities

Materiality Assessment 

 

The Group assesses and reviews sustainability matters based on the Economic, Environmental, 

Social and Governance (“ESG”) impacts of our operations via what matters to our 

stakeholders. 

Based on feedback gathered from our internal and external stakeholders, we have evaluated 

and identified topics which are material and would have significant impact to the Group and 

the stakeholders. We have prioritised them as shown in the Materiality Matrix below in the 

section of: Our Business, Our Environment, Our People and Our Governance. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Based on the matrix, the material ESG topics chosen to be reported are as follows: 

• Economic Performance 

• Waste &amp; Resource Management 

• Occupational Health &amp; Safety 

• Training &amp; Education 

• Corporate Governance 

• Corporate Values &amp; Code of Conduct 

 

 

Our Business 

 

Our People 

 

Our Environment 

 

Our Governance 










 

 

9 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2019 

Key Stakeholders Engagement 

Stakeholders are important to us. We pro-actively engage them on their views of the business, 

and are responsive to their feedbacks and comments. We are also devoted to improving the 

economic and social well-being of our stakeholders by incorporating key sustainability issues 

and principles within our business operations. 

 

Stakeholder Group 

Engagement Channels 

Key Interests 















































































































































































































Customers 

 Daily interactions 

 Enquiry and feedback 

channels 

 Customer survey 

 Top notch customer 

service 

 Quality management 



























































































































































































































































Employees 

 Annual employee 

performance appraisal 

 Regular team meeting 

 Workplace safety training 

programme 

 Staff right and welfare 

 Occupational health &amp; 

safety 

 Employee skills 

enhancement 



















































































































































































































































































Investors 

 Regular investor meetings 

 Annual and interim reports 

 Circulars to shareholders 

 Profitability 

 Transparency 

 Timely reporting 



































































































































































































































Suppliers 

 Periodic supplier evaluation 

 Comparison of quotes 

 Periodic discussion 

 Compliance with terms 

and conditions of 

purchasing policies and 

procedures 

 Maintenance of ethical 

standards 

 Material quality and 

waste management 











































































































































































































































































































































Government &amp; 

Regulations 

 Annual compliance audit 

 Adherence to statutory 

disclosures and requirements 

 Participation in 

conference/seminars for 

updates 

 Compliance with rules and 

regulations 

 Timely reporting and 

resolution of issues 



































































































































































































































































































Community 

 Active participation in 

corporate volunteering 

programmes 

 Contribution to the 

community development 










































































































































































































































































































































































































 

 

10 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2019 

Risk and Opportunities 

Blumont recognises that a disconnect between sustainability and risk management can lead 

to strategic and operational risks, as well as missed opportunities for growth. We complement 

our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) through stakeholder engagement and materiality 

assessment to identify and assess ESG risks and opportunities impact on our business and 

stakeholders. 

We will continue to monitor and review the risks and mitigating controls, to reflect changes 

due to emerging global trends and the ever-evolving business landscape. 

 

Our 

Business 



Competitors entering the market offering competitive prices and products. 



Continuously engaging with our customers to provide best price without 

compromising the profit margin. 



 



Non-compliance with waste emission standards. 



Increasing environmental awareness and reduce environmental footprints for 

future generations. 



Striving to comply with local environmental regulations with continuous 

monitoring 

Our  

People 



Employees may be unfamiliar with the safety standards. 



Enhancing and upgrading of employees’ skill through training 

(internally/externally). 



On-going training to be provided to our employees and ensuring that every 

employee is keeping up-to-date on the industry’s requirement. 

 

 



Non-compliance with local laws and regulations resulting in fines, complaints, 

reputational losses.  



Updating of policies and procedures as and when required. Periodic monitoring 

of enterprise risk.  



Maintaining good corporate governance practice by establishing robust policies 

and procedures. 

 

On-going monitoring of investment opportunities in order to maximise 

shareholders’ returns. 

Our 

Environment 

Our 

Governance 


 

 

11 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2019 

Our Business 

Strategic Investment 

Strategic investment is our key priority to ensure the Group’s business sustainability and 

stakeholders’ value maximization. We are continuously monitoring and seeking new 

opportunities and collaborations to grow our businesses. 

In FY2019, we continued to engaged in strategic acquisition and divestment activities as part 

of our investment strategy. The Group is still in the midst of negotiations on the acquisition 

of Samadhi Retreats Pte Ltd. The proposed acquisition is pursuant to the Company's corporate 

strategy to expand and diversify the scope of the existing business of the Group to include 

the Hospitality Business.  

During FY2019, Raintree Rock Sdn Bhd (“Raintree”), a subsidiary of the Group, finally 

completed the divestment of its condo property held in Suasana Sentral Condominium, Kuala 

Lumpur. 

 

The Group is a member of the Singapore 

Business Federation (“SBF”), for the 

essential means of bridging between 

Singapore business community and the 

Government for corporate expansion and 

improvements.  

 




 

 

12 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2019 

Our Environment 

Waste and Resource Management 

Besides 

ensuring 

the 

shareholders’ 

profitability, 

the Group recognises the 

impact on the environment 

through 

our 

operating 

activities at PT. Rel-ion. Our 

operating activities involve 

radioactive 

materials. 

Radioactive 

material 

 

is 

subject to special regulations which govern methods of handling, transportation, storage, and 

disposal to safeguard health and safety of the people and the environment.  

We demonstrate our commitment to ensure we are operating in accordance with Indonesian 

safety standards by engaging BAPETEN Nuclear Energy Regulatory Agency, the Directorate for 

inspection of radiation facilities and radioactive substances to assess the protection and 

safety radiation program. We were awarded the Green Label 2 December 2019 for this 

inspection with no non-compliances noted from the inspection results.  

Our aim is to provide high quality and reliable gamma irradiation services using radioactive 

isotope, namely cobalt-60. In a crucial era where we need to engage in green environment, 

we have engaged our suppliers in a sustainable supply chain. We have an arrangement with 

our suppliers and return of used cobalt-60 to them for proper disposal. We measured our 

achievements against our targets set in 2018 and present our current year’s achievements in 

the table below. 

 



2018 Target: Conduct audits to ensure compliance with the global and local standards 

of 

managing 

waste. 

To 

seek 

continual 

improvements 

through 

adopting 

recommendations of radiation safety inspections conducted. 



Current Achievement: Engaged third party for radiation safety inspection with zero non-

compliances noted. 



2019 Target: Maintain zero non-compliance from subsequent inspections and to 

consider engaging service provider to conduct mandatory compliance audits whenever. 

required.         



2019 Strategy: Maintain compliance with local regulatory board on emission of gamma 

rays and managing waste through conducting annual radiation safety inspection.         




 

 

13 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2019 

Our People 

Occupational Health &amp; Safety 

Our people are valuable assets to the Group and key to our sustainable growth, especially at 

PT. Rel-ion where they perform operational duties during the sterilisation process which 

required handling of hazardous materials. As such, we believe it is important that 

occupational health and safety is stringently managed to ensure our employees are safe and 

protected from workplace injuries while performing their daily duties.  We have in place 

various measures to ensure the health and safety of our employees are free from injuries and 

that they carry out their duties in a safe manner. In FY2019, we are glad that there is no 

reported workplace injury or reported non-compliances to applicable workplace health and 

safety regulations. 

 

 

Emergency 

countermeasure 

drills twice annually 

Safety trainings for new 

employees, including 

updates of existing 

safety programme 

Annual radiation 

safety inspection 

and health checks 

Monthly preventive 

maintenance and 

safety system tests 

Safety 

Programs 


 

 

14 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2019 

Occupational Health &amp; Safety (Cont’d) 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 



Compliance 

√ Law Number 10 of 1997: Nuclear Power 

√ Government Regulation No. 29/2008 Ionizer Radiation Source Utilisation License 

√ Government Regulation No. 33/2007 Ionizer Radiation Safety and Radioactive 

Source   Security 

√ BAPETEN Chairman’s Regulation No. 7 of 2007 Radioactive Source Security 

√ BAPETEN Chairman’s Regulation No. 6 of 2010 Health Monitoring of Radiation    

Workers 

√ BAPETEN Chairman’s Regulation No. 11 Irradiator Construction and Operation 

Permit 

√ BAPETEN Chairman’s Regulation No. 16 of 2014 Working License of Ionizer 

Radiation Sources 

Continual Enhancement 

 Consistent recordkeeping for every case of workplace injury where applicable, 

identify mitigating controls to improve safety protocol 

 Engage external assurance to conduct quality assurance audits such as ISO 

9001:2015 

 

We measured our achievements against our targets set in 2018 and present our 

current year’s achievements in the table below. 



2018 Target: Engage external assurance to conduct compliance audit periodically. 

Maintain safety of environment by constantly sending employees for quality assurance 

courses. 



Current Achievement: Undergone appraisal service to assess adequacy of the safety 

programme and workplace safety coverage. 



2019 Strategy: Maintain compliance with local regulatory board on emission of gamma 

rays through conducting annual radiation safety inspection. 



2019 Target: Seek continual improvements through adopting recommendations of 

compliance audits, appraisal service and radiation safety inspections conducted. To 

maintain safety of environment by constantly sending employees for quality assurance 

courses. 


 

 

15 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2019 

Our People (Cont’d) 

Training &amp; Education 

Providing training opportunities to our employees will help level up their technical and 

personal skills to a higher level which will boost personal development, increase competence 

and enhance overall work performance. Technically skilled employees who are cognizant with 

evolving industry standards will help position the Group as a leader and strong competitor 

within the industry.  

At Blumont, we believe in ensuring that our employees are adequately trained and 

continuously kept abreast of updates of standards in the industry. Newly hired employees are 

first given the opportunity to learn on the job to familiarise themselves with our operations. 

Subsequently, we encourage and enable employees to pursue professional development 

opportunities. In FY2019, we provided an average of 2 

hours (internal) and 4 hours (external) training for our 

employees.  Employees also attended the “Penyegaran 

PPR Industri Tingkat 1” training carried out by Nuclear 

Energy Regulatory Agency. We focused on growing their 

leadership capabilities, improving their skills in areas of 

technical, safety, commercial, and specialist expertise. 

Please refer to the table below for the relevant data 

pertaining to training provided to our employees. 

 

Types of training 

Number of trainings 

Number of attendees 

Actual training 

hours 

Internal  

2 

25 

2 

External 

2 

2 

4 - 6 

 

 









training &amp; 

education 


 

 

16 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2019 

Our People (Cont’d) 

With our aim of becoming an outstanding people-centric company, we have been improving 

our organisational effectiveness and simplifying our communication channels across all levels 

and between business units. The Group has a review-and-feedback process in place, which 

has proven useful in our understanding of the employees’ concerns and addressing their 

issues.  

Blumont values talents as one of the most important factors in developing long-lasting 

benefits for the Group. We strictly adhere to all local laws and regulations to ensure gender 

equality and in employment. There have been no incidents of discrimination in FY 2019. In 

addition, we strictly comply with related labour and employment laws and regulations.  

 

Employee Profile by Gender 

Gender 

FY 2019 

FY 2018 

Male 

52 

(80%) 

56 

(78.9%) 

Female 

13 

(20%) 

15 

(21.1%) 

Total 

65 

71 

 

A strong team is more productive, 

energetic and eager to work.  Taking 

the time for team bonding is just as 

important as meeting deadlines. Team 

outings are a great opportunity for 

team leaders and employees to 

connect and learn more about each 

other. Besides spending time with the 

colleagues during working hour, the 

Group also acknowledges work life 

balance of the employees and we organise 

company outings to foster team bonding.   




 

 

17 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2019 

Our People (Cont’d) 

Blumont 

encourages 

transparency 

between 

the 

employees and their superiors. Employee performance 

reviews are two-way communication for superiors to speak 

with the employees on their performance and obtain 

feedbacks from the employees that enhance Group 

improvements. As such, the Group had established an 

annual employee performance appraisal that are 

conducted between the employee and the superior.  

 

We measured our achievements against our targets set in 

2018 and present our current year’s achievements in the 

         table below. 

 

 





2018 Target: Perform periodic assessment of the training needs of the employees and 

create training plan for continuing education. Employee empowerment through 

recognition of their efforts. 



Current Achievement: Conducted objective performance evaluations to identify 

shortfalls of employees. 



2019 Strategy: Conduct internal evaluations periodically to identify training needs and 

gaps in knowledge. 



2019 Target: Formalise a training plan to cater for all employees. To send employees for 

refreshment course and etiquette trainings to enhance their skillset. 


 

 

18 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2019 

Our Governance 

Blumont is committed to conduct its business activities in an ethical, socially and 

environmentally sustainable manner. We ensure that our business operations and processes 

are managed to protect the environment. The Group recognises the importance of ensuring 

a healthy and safe work environment for the well-being of our employees and is committed 

to do so. Employees are also expected to maintain the highest standards of integrity and trust 

in all business relationships and dealings. The Group places great emphasis on accountability, 

transparency, ethical business conduct and good corporate governance.  

Blumont is committed to ensure that the Group and all the subsidiaries meet its legal 

obligations and are strictly against corruptive behaviours. We have an established whistle-

blowing policy for whistleblowers to voluntarily come forward to report or reveal information 

on wrong-doings. All stakeholders are encouraged to report any breach or violation to the 

Audit Committee. The Group has zero tolerance for adverse behaviors.  

We are pleased to report that there were no reported irregularities and breaches received 

through our whistleblowing channel in FY 2019.   

Our Board is committed to maintain a high standard of corporate governance to ensure 

greater transparency and to protect the interests of our stakeholders. The Board also 

acknowledge the importance of sustainability in our strategic formulation. 

Our Board is responsible for the overall management of the business and corporate affairs of 

the Group. It sets goals, reviews and advises on overall strategies and directions, oversees the 

effectiveness of the management of the Company and assumes responsibilities for overall 

corporate governance of the Group to ensure the Group’s strategies are in the best interests 

of the Company and its stakeholders. The Company has also put in place various policies and 

practices that will safeguard the interests of stakeholders and enhance stakeholders’ value as 

part of our effort to maintain high standards of corporate governance. 

 

 


 

 

19 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2019 

Our Governance (Cont’d) 

Details of our Board members and respective committees during FY2019 are as follows: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We measured our achievements against our targets set in 2018 and present our current year’s 

achievements in the below table. 

 

 

 

 

 











Board of Directors



Nominating 

Committee 

(NC)



Remuneration

Committee 

(RC)



Audit Committee 

(AC)



Independent 

Auditor



2018 Target: Comply with mandatory listing requirements and board composition. 

Promote awareness to disclose wrongdoings such as misconduct, fraud or any other 

illegal acts as part of whistle-blowing policy. 



Current Achievement: Restructured board composition to include members with vast 

and extensive expertise in managing business operations for further growth and 

experience. 



2019 Strategy: Assess board composition by evaluating responsibilities, knowledge 

and independence of judgement of board members for continuous risk management 

assessment. 

Continuously assess our Standard Operating Procedures (“SOP”) to enhance our 

corporate code of conduct. 



2019 Target: Maintain compliance with mandatory listing requirements and revised 

code of corporate governance. 

To enhance our Standard Operating Procedures by engaging external assurance for 

corporate governance review. 


 

 

20 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2019 

GRI Content Index 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference 

and Reason for 

Omission, if 

applicable 

General Disclosure 

Organisational Profile 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

4 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

4 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

4 

102-4 

Location of operations 

4 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

4 

102-6 

Market served 

4 

102-7 

Scale of the organization 

16 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

16 

102-9 

Supply chain 

12 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain 

No changes 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach 

18 

102-12 

External initiatives 

No external initiatives 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

11 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

7 

Ethics and integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior 

18 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

19 

Stakeholder engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

9 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

9 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

9 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

9 

Reporting practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Adopted in FY2019 

Annual Report 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

8 

102-47 

List of material topics 

8 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

None 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None 

102-50 

Reporting period 

3 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

3 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

3 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

3 


 

 

21 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2019 

GRI Content Index (Cont’d) 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference and 

Reason for Omission, 

if applicable 

Reporting practice 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

3 

102-55 

GRI content index 

20 

102-56 

External assurance 

3 

Economic Performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

4 

201-2 

Financial implications and other risks and opportunities 

due to climate change 

10 

Environmental Compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations 

12 

Occupational Health and Safety 

403-1 

Occupational health and safety management system 

13-14 

403-2 

Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident 

investigation 

13-14 

403-3 

Occupational health services 

13-14 

403-4 

Worker participation, consultation, and communication 

on occupational health and safety 

13-14 

403-5 

Worker training on occupational health and safety 

13-14 

403-6 

Promotion of worker health 

13-14 

403-7 

Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and 

safety impacts directly linked by business relationships 

13-14 

Training and Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employee 

15 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 

assistance programs 

15 

404-3 

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance 

and career development reviews 

15 

 

 

