
 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

1 

 



 

 

 



BLUMONT GROUP LTD. 

Sustainability Report 

2017 


 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

2 

 





 

 

 

 

 

 

CONTENTS 

 

1 

Introduction 

3 

 

1.1 Chairman’s Message 

4 

 

1.2 About Us 

5 

 

1.3 Defining Material Topics 

6 

 

1.4 Key Stakeholders 

6 

 

1.5 Targets and Strategies 

7 

 

1.6 Risks &amp; Opportunities 

7 

2 

Our Business 

8 

3 

Our Environment 

9 

4 

Our People 

10 

5 

Our Governance 

12 

 

Appendix 1: Universal Standards 

13 

Appendix 2: Specific Standards 

14 


 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

3 

 





1 

Introduction 

 

Blumont Group Ltd. and its subsidiaries (“Blumont” or “the Group”) is going through a period of business 

metamorphosis after the major ownership and management renewal last year. As we rationalise our business 

model, it becomes increasing clear that sustainability is crucial to our mission to refresh and rebuild Blumont. 

The Group’s main business is in the provision of sterilisation services. Given the nature of our business, we are 

intrinsically cognisant of the environmental and social duties of a responsible corporation. Blumont aims to be a 

good corporate neighbour and is committed to the safeguard of the environment and development of our employees 

towards a sustainable future.  

We believe in integrating sustainability into our business model over a longer horizon and in aligning it with our key 

stakeholders’ interests as we seek to maximise values for our key stakeholders. With the consistent support of our 

valued stakeholders, we make every effort to mature and pitch in sound practices to be a responsible and ethical 

organisation.  

This is the Group’s first sustainability report and we have adopted a phased-in approach. As we embark on our 

sustainability reporting journey, we have identified our material Economic, Environmental, Social, and Governance 

(“ESG”) factors based on the calibration of current practices against future initiatives pertaining to non-financial 

aspects of the Group’s activities. Our current practices and future initiatives will be reviewed on an ongoing basis 

in consideration of the business objectives, environment and our key stakeholders’ concerns.  

We report with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) standards (core option) and in accordance with 

SGX-ST Listing Rules (711A and 711B) – Sustainability Reporting Guide, and is limited to operations for the period 

1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017. The GRI Content Index is provided at the end of this report for the relevant 

references.  

The contact point for questions regarding this report will be Mr. Siaw Lu Howe, the Executive Chairman and Chief 

Executive Ofﬁcer of the Group. 

The content of this report has not been externally assured by independent parties. 

 

 

 


 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

4 

 





1.1 Chairman’s Message 

 

Dear Shareholders, 

 

On behalf of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Blumont Group Ltd. (“Blumont” or the “Company” and together 

with its subsidiaries, the “Group”), I am pleased to present to you the Group’s annual sustainability report for the 

financial year ended 31 December 2017 (“FY2017”). 

 

SUSTAINABILITY AS A FOCUS 

 

The Singapore Exchange has made it mandatory for all listed companies to report their environmental, social and 

governance practices from FY2017 onwards. This move is a step towards greater transparency and focuses on 

investors’ interest on sustainability practices and corporate social responsibility. As part of the family in this network, 

we are in full support of this.  

 

Our core competency in our sterilization business has allowed us to hardwire such sustainability principles in our 

operations. Just to illustrate, as part of our responsibility towards the environment in which we operate our 

sterilization plant, we not only comply with local government and global requirements, but also continuously monitor 

the emission of gamma rays and conduct audits to assess the environmental impact to take swift, relevant remedial 

actions, if required. Our focus on sustainability reporting has allowed us to review and improve our long run 

practices. 

 

GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT 

 

While we are currently in the midst of reviewing the Group’s existing businesses, we seek to concurrently review 

our governance and management framework to steer the Group towards best governance practices and ethics 

code, review the effectiveness of our Board and committees, identify areas of significant business risks as well as 

put in place proper risk management controls in order to steer the Group towards a path that can generate 

opportunities and scalable growth for the Group. 

 

COMMUNITY COLLABORATION 

 

Our businesses are reliant on our community of stakeholders and employees. For instance, we are a statutory 

member of the Singapore Business Federation. We will collaborate with such stakeholders to tap on the latest 

trends and opportunities of sustainability as a business imperative. Also, while we emphasise on staff productivity 

and safe working conditions, we continue to educate our employees on the importance in creating a safe, healthy, 

and sustainable working environment not just for ourselves, but for the global environment at large.   

 

On behalf of the Board, I would like to extend my sincere thanks to every member of our Group, for their support 

in our sustainability journey so far, and for the years to come. 

 

Yours sincerely, 

 

Siaw Lu Howe 

Chairman &amp; Chief Executive Officer 

 

 


 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

5 

 







1.2 About Us 

Blumont Group Ltd. is listed on Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited and we are headquartered in 

Singapore.  

Our two distinct operating podiums are: 

- 

Sterilisation services – we provide gamma irradiation service for sterilisation process of medical 

equipment, pharmacy products, cosmetic products and package, and pasteurisation process for food 

products nationwide across Indonesia 

- 

Property investment – we are engaged in the development of properties for sale, as well as long-term 

holding of properties for rental and other related income. 

During the financial period ended 31 December 2017, we recorded a net revenue of S$ 3,697,557 with 97% derived 

from the sterilisation business and remaining 3% from the property business.  

Our mission is to continue to re-engineer Blumont into a niche strategic investor in businesses in the global market 

in mind that can generate opportunities, scalability and growth for the Group. The locations of our operations include 

Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore. As our sterilisation business is the existing key contributor to revenue, this 

report will mainly focus on our sterilisation business. In our subsequent years of reporting, the Group may decide 

to widen the scope to include other business segments of the entity.  

 




 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

6 

 











1.3 Defining Material Topics 

The Group considered and evaluated all factors in defining material topics affecting Blumont from the stakeholders’ 

perspectives. The list of sustainability topics was identified and drawn from various sources including GRI and 

stakeholders’ feedback. In the process of prioritising our material ESG factors, we identified a list of sustainability 

topics within the sections of: Our Business, Our Environment, Our People and Our Governance.  

The material topics that affect our business are cautiously assessed and ranked through the use of questionnaires. 

They are further carried out in dialogues with concurrence of key personnel on the identification of ESG factors.  

The ranking is based on the significance of the organisation’s ESG impacts and the substantive influence on the 

assessment and decisions of key stakeholders. 

 

1.4 Key Stakeholders 

We considered our business activities and have identified six stakeholder groups with significant influence on our 

business operations and sustainability efforts. We recognise the importance of deep engagement with our key 

stakeholders as we know securing their trust is essential for our long-term success. We have identified the following 

platforms to communicate with our key stakeholders and to recognise and understand their concerns and 

expectations:  

 




 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

7 

 

















1.5 Targets and Strategies  

We have defined our key topics with current strategies and future targets as set out below to achieve sustainable operations. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1.6 Risk &amp; Opportunities 

 

 


 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

8 

 









2 

Our Business 

 

2.1 Strategic investment  

The Group’s mission is “To continue to re-engineer Blumont Group Ltd. into a niche strategic investor in 

business with the global market in mind, that can generate opportunities, scalability and growth for the Group”. 

Strategic investment is one of the most crucial strategies in the Group’s financing decision and an important 

stimulus for the Group’s performance. Strategic investment is the identification and evaluation of various 

portfolios and making an investment decision to enhance the Group’s competitive advantage. The sterilisation 

business has shown consistent performance and we seek to boost our profits further from other areas.  

The Group had made investment decisions in the property industry, striving to maintain positive cash flow 

through fixed returns via rental income. Efficient investment is expected to contribute positively to maximise 

shareholders’ returns.  

 

 

 






 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

9 

 







3 

Our Environment 

Our aim is to provide high quality and reliable gamma irradiation services using a radioactive isotope, namely 

cobalt-60, in a sustainable environment. The Group supports the preservation of resources in meeting current 

needs, never compromising the ability to meet the needs of the future generations. 

 

Waste and Resource Management 

Geological, seismological and hydrological characteristics study of 

the site’s conditions are undertaken to assure the radiation safety, 

health of workers and the environmental protection of the 

community. With the use of technology and a closed irradiation 

chamber, the Group cautiously monitors gamma ray exposures to 

ensure that it is within the range of safety radiation. In addition to 

the automated system, every personnel carries a monitoring 

dosimeter and survey meter, both for human radiation protection 

and for the measurement of radiation, to ensure radiation exposure 

within the safe level when entering the chamber.  

 

There are various detector/sensor equipment installed to ensure the personnel’s safety in the irradiator facility. 

Safety system is used to avoid excessive radiation exposure and is set up to allow irradiator operation (run the 

conveyor and raise the source). 

 

The closed irradiation chamber is controlled with interlocking safety system, with these 3 categories: 

(1) Access control. 

A detector is installed on access control to the labyrinth (e.g. product entry/exit, maze entry/exit, 

photoelectric censor, etc.). When there is unauthorised entry detected to any of the access control, the 

source automatically shut down. 

 

(2) Radiation detection.  

To monitor radiation level in areas using cell monitor, maze monitor, pool water monitor). When radiation 

exceeds certain level condition, automatically shut down / prevent entry to the areas. 

 

(3) Environmental system.  

To monitor environmental conditions surrounding the facility (e.g. seismic sensor to detect earthquake, 

thermal detector for abnormal heat, smoke detector, pool level, etc.).  

In a crucial era where we need to save our environment from unnecessary waste, we have engaged our 

suppliers in a sustainable supply chain. We have an arrangement with our suppliers to return the cobalt-60 

beyond economic life to them for proper disposal. 

We strive to continuously adhere to environmental regulations (e.g. compliance to nuclear test) to reduce 

environmental footprints for future generations.  

 

 

 

 








 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

10 

 







4 

Our People 

4.1 Workplace Health &amp; Safety 

Contrary to popular beliefs, nuclear energy provides many benefits for the human civilisation. For more than a 

century, nuclear power has been tapped on to meet the basic needs of human beings and improve the welfare 

of society and public health.  

Our Commercial Gamma Irradiator Facility is the one and only Gamma Irradiator facility in Indonesia. We are 

licensed and registered under the following regulatory boards internationally and locally:- 

- 

License of Operational Gamma Nuclear Irradiator: Nuclear Energy Regulatory Agency 

- 

Food Irradiator Facility: The National Agency of Drug and Food Control 

- 

International Code: International Consultative Group on Food Irradiation (ICGFI) 

- 

Ministry of Health Republic of Indonesia Regulation No. 701 of 2009  

- 

The National Agency of Drug and Food Control Regulation No. 26 of 2013 

- 

ISO 9001: 2015, Quality Management Systems  

The function of the regulatory boards are to serve the public by ensuring that competent practices are adhered 

to. They are responsible for the accreditation and issuance of licenses for the business operations. As part of 

our sterilisation process, we provide gamma irradiation services ranging from medical equipment to food 

packaging. The Group’s irradiation facilities are operated by licensed and certified employees. It is a mandatory 

requirement for irradiation operators to undergo the Nuclear Energy Regulatory Agency certified training once 

every three to five years based on the validity of their operating license. Compliance audits are conducted bi-

annually to ensure compliance with all other regulations and quality assurance standards.  

However, the Group recognises that prolonged close range exposure to nuclear energy may cause health 

issues.  

The Group values the well-being of each individual employee. Due to the nature of the Group’s business 

operations, workplace health and safety is deemed to be our top priority. The Group owns a Radiation 

Protection and Safety Programme (“safety programme”) prepared in accordance with the following Regulations: 

- 

Law Number 10 of 1997: Nuclear Power 

- 

Government Regulation No. 29/2008 Ionizer Radiation Source Utilisation License 

- 

Government Regulation No. 33/2007 Ionizer Radiation Safety and Radioactive Source Security 

- 

BAPETEN Chairman’s Regulation No. 7 of 2007 Radioactive Source Security 

- 

BAPETEN Chairman’s Regulation No. 6 of 2010 Health Monitoring of Radiation Workers 

- 

BAPETEN Chairman’s Regulation No. 11 Irradiator Construction and Operation Permit 

- 

BAPETEN Chairman’s Regulation No. 16 of 2014 Working License of Ionizer Radiation Sources 

 

 

 

The safety programme covers a wide range of safety protocols and quality assurance standards for the entire 

sterilisation process. This is made available to all employees of the irradiation operation. Monthly checks and 

preventive maintenance are undertaken to ensure that all employees are supervised in compliance with safety 

standards. Supervised safety system tests are conducted monthly. The safety programme is introduced to all 

irradiator operators before the commencement of their employment. The safety manual is reviewed and 

updated annually. Revisions of the safety programme manual is communicated to all operators. We also 

conduct regular trainings and emergency countermeasure to ensure workers are familiar with the requirements 

or changes. The Group holds annual and regular health checks of all employees, for the employees’ well-being.  

 



Nuclear Energy Regulatory Agency 

(BAPETEN) 

National Agency of Drug and Food Control 

(Badan POM) 



Ministry of Health Indonesia 




 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

11 

 









4.2 Good Employment Practices 

Good employment practices create a dynamic environment for sustainable growth. Providing proper guidance 

and empowering employees allow them to perform at their full potential. Team bonding breaks down political 

and personal barriers of each individual and across groups. These vital aspects are recognised by the Group 

for future succession planning.  

 

Blumont provides an objective annual evaluation for all employees. Performance appraisals help to identify the 

shortfalls and strengths of individual employees, and function as a basis to give reward and recognition to 

employees.  

 

As part of good employment practices, the competency shortfalls in skills identified during the performance 

evaluation are addressed by providing regular accredited trainings and seminars conducted either externally or 

internally. The Group recognises that ongoing corporate trainings aid in enriching the knowledge of employees 

and enable our people to keep up with industry changes. The Group strives to formalise a comprehensive 

training plan for all employees.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 









Employee Gathering, Kampung Turis, 

Kerawang, 13 August 2018 

Irradiation Gamma Rays Seminar, 

Semarang, 10 Oct 2017 

Irradiation Gamma Rays Seminar, 

Surabaya, 22 Nov 2017 

National Nuclear Regulatory Agency Seminar, 

Indonesia 


 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

12 

 









5 

Our Governance 

Good corporate governance builds trust and ensures sustainable corporate success and economic growth. It 

maintains investor’s confidence and protects the interests of stakeholders. In Blumont, we are committed to building 

a culture of strong corporate governance and high standards of corporate conduct.  

 

We have a whistle-blowing policy for our employees that enshrines zero tolerance for dishonourable practices. The 

policy encourages employees to raise concerns of fraud or misconduct. We designed our own Standard Operating 

Procedures (“SOP”) to heighten our employees’ ability to deliver quality work and results. Coupled with our 

Employee Handbook which provides a comprehensive set of guidance and expectations of the employees, these 

measures ensure the consistency of employees’ performance and goal alignment.  

 

The expectations of stakeholders change as the business grows.  Changes in technologies and economies impact 

our business operations. We strive to continuously improve our corporate framework, and further strengthen our 

SOP through assessment of risk tolerance and management of the internal control systems, at least annually, to 

cope with the ever-changing business economic environment. 

 

5.1 Shareholders 

We believe in open communication with our shareholders. We have a specific investor relations contact as 

disclosed in our FY 2017 Annual Report and we are mindful of the importance of providing regular, effective 

communication with our shareholders. We encourage shareholders to raise questions in our Annual General 

Meetings and Extraordinary General Meetings, as we see the effectiveness of these platforms for shareholders 

to raise their concerns and interact directly with the Board and management. 

 

 

5.2 Board of Directors (“BOD”)  

The Board of Director comprises of five male Directors and one female Director. There are six Directors in total, 

comprising of three Independent Directors and three being Non-independent Directors. The Chairman and Chief 

Executive Officer of the Group has vast experience in managing diverse businesses. The two non-independent 

and three independent directors have extensive experience in the financial and mining, oil &amp; gas industry. The 

Group aims to maintain diversity in its board composition as set forth in the revised code of corporate 

governance. 

 

 





Board of 

Directors



Nominating 

Committee 

(NC)



Remuneration 

Committee 

(RC)



Audit 

Committee 

(AC)



Independent 

Auditors


 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

13 

 



APPENDIX 1: UNIVERSAL STANDARDS 

GRI No. 

Description 

Page or direct references 

GENERAL DISCLOSURES 

Organisational profile 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Blumont Group Ltd. 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Pg.5 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Apex @ Henderson 

201 Henderson Road 

#03-26/27 

Singapore 159545 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Singapore, Indonesia and Malaysia 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Pg. 5 

102-6 

Markets served 

Pg. 5 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Pg. 5 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Pg. 5 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Pg. 9 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

No significant changes 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Pg. 12 

102-12 

External initiatives 

No external initiatives 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Pg. 4 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

Pg. 4 

Ethics and integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

Pg. 12 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Pg. 12 

Stakeholder engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder Groups 

Pg. 6 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

No Collective Bargaining Agreement 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Pg. 6 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Pg. 6 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

None 

Reporting practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

This is adopted in the FY 2017 

Annual Report 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic Boundaries 

Pg. 7 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Pg. 6 to 7 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

None 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None 

102-50 

Reporting period  

January to December 2017 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

First sustainability report 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annual 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Mr. Siaw Lu Howe, the Executive 

Chairman 

and 

Chief 

Executive 

Ofﬁcer of Blumont 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

Pg. 3 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Pg. 13 

102-56 

External assurance 

None 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

14 

 



APPENDIX 2: SPECIFIC STANDARDS 

Our People 

GRI No. 

Description 

Page or direct references 

Occupational Health and Safety 

403-1 

Occupational health and safety management system 

Pg.10 

403-3 

Occupational health services 

Pg. 10 

403-5 

Worker training on occupational health and safety 

Pg. 10 

403-7 

Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly 

linked by business relationships 

Pg. 10 

Training and Education 

404-3 

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career 

development reviews 

Pg. 11 

 

