
 

 

1 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 

Blumont Group Ltd. 

 

 

Sustainability Report 

2020 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore 

Company Registration Number: 199302554G


 

 

2 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2020 



 

 

 

 

 

About This Report 

3 

About Blumont 

 Company Profile 

 Mission Statement 

4 

Group Structure 

5 

Executive Director’s Message 

6 

Materiality Assessment 

7 

Key Stakeholders Engagement 

8 

Risk and Opportunities 

9 

Our Business 

 Strategic Investment 

 Economic Performance 

10 

Our Environment 

 Waste and Resource Management 

12 

Our People 

 Occupational Health and Safety 

 Training and Education 

14 

Our Governance 

 Board of Directors 

21 

GRI Content Index 

23 


 

 

3 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2020 



Blumont Group Ltd. and its subsidiaries (“Blumont” or “the Company” and together with its 

subsidiaries, the “Group”) continue to discuss the progress of our journey towards sustainable 

development and how we have carried out initiatives against our Environmental, Social and 

Governance (“ESG”) goals through our fourth Sustainability Report. The Group is committed 

to creating sustainable and long-term business, as well as delivering values in a responsible 

way to meet the world’s growing needs. 

This report is prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) standards – 

Core option and with reference to SGX-ST Listing Rules (711A and 711B) – Sustainability 

Reporting Guide. We have chosen GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards for its 

comprehensive guidelines in reporting sustainability matters, and we have applied its 

principles of accuracy, balance, clarity, comparability, reliability, and timeliness to put 

together a comprehensive report. 

The data and information provided within this report has not been verified by an independent 

third party and we have relied on internal checks and verification for accuracy. A copy of this 

report is available for download on SGXNet at www.sgx.com.  

 

 





• This report covers 

data and information 

from 1 January 2020 

to 31 December 2020 

(“FY2020”).

• We will be focusing on 

sustainability 

initiatives carried out 

by our sterilisation 

business at PT Rel-ion 

Sterilization Services 

(“PT. Rel-ion”) as it 

remained as the main 

contributor of our 

reported net revenue 

for FY2020.





• We have applied the 

following principles 

when preparing this 

report:

• Stakeholder 

Inclusiveness 

• Sustainability 

Context

• Materiality

• Completeness





• We are committed to 

listening to our 

stakeholders and we 

look forward to your 

feedback.

• Feedback can be sent 

via our website 

http://www.blumontg

roup.com/contact/

• Contact point for 

questions regarding 

this report will be Mr. 

Alan Yu Chin, the 

Executive Director of 

the Company.


 

 

4 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2020 





Blumont Group Ltd. is listed on the mainboard of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (“SGX”) since 2000. Our headquarters is in Singapore, with operating subsidiaries in 

Indonesia and Malaysia.  

The Group’s business can be categorised into three segments: 

 

 



Investment Holding

Investment in transferable securities including but not limited to 

marketable shares, warrants and debentures etc.



Sterilisation 

Providing contract sterilisation and polymerisation services to food 

packaging, medical devices, cosmetic raw materials and consumers 

products.



Property

Development of properties for sale, long-term holding of properties 

for rental and related income.





Our mission is to continue to re-engineer Blumont Group Ltd. (the “Company” and

together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) into a niche strategic investor in businesses

with the global market in mind, that can generate opportunities, scalability and growth

for the Group.


 

 

5 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2020 



 



100%  

Tria Holdings 

Pte. Ltd. 



100% 

Asphere 

Holdings Pte. 

Ltd. 



100% 

Adroit 

Innovations 

Investment Pte 

Ltd 



100% 

Solid Base 

Limited 



Trackplus Sdn. 

Bhd. 



100% 

Raintree Rock 

Sdn. Bhd. 



100% 

Gemisuria 

Corporation 

Sdn. Bhd. 



PT Rel-ion 

Sterilization 

Services 



65% 



35% 



22.29% 



77.71% 



Singapore 



Seychelle 



Malaysia 



Indonesia 



Blumont Group Ltd. 


 

 

6 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2020 



 

Dear Stakeholders, 

On behalf of the Board of Directors (the “Board”), our Group is proud to present our fourth 

Sustainability Report. This report sets out our sustainability principles and initiatives that have 

been put in place to align our operations with our stakeholders’ expectations in the areas of 

environment, social responsibilities, and governance.  

Blumont is committed to conducting its business activities in an ethical, socially and 

environmentally sustainable manner. We make sure that our business operations and 

processes are managed in a way that minimises its impact on our environment. The Group 

recognises the importance of ensuring a healthy and safe work environment for the well-

being of our employees and is committed to do so. 

Our sterilisation business in Indonesia remained as the main revenue driver for our Group, 

despite a decrease in revenue by S$0.72 million for FY2020. The sterilisation business had 

registered a reasonable performance in FY2020 in spite of the uncertainties caused by the 

COVID-19 pandemic. Despite difficult trading conditions, the implementation of vaccines in 

Indonesia and around the world will aid in the gradual resumption of supply chains and 

international business. We believe that PT. Rel-ion will be able to recover in the later part of 

2021 as we are the provider of services to many industries. In line with our goal to become 

the leading sterilisation service provider in Indonesia, we consistently review our business 

operations and strategies to better serve the needs of our customers and deliver sustainable 

value to all our stakeholders. 

Blumont’s sustainable growth also begins with our people, hence, the well-being of our 

employees is of utmost importance to us. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have 

regular temperature taking and disinfectant procedures put in place to safeguard our 

employees’ health and safety. 

In addition, we acknowledge the importance of sustainable development and sustainability 

issues are part of our consideration in strategic formulation and our Board maintain its 

oversight role on management over the process of determining and monitoring of material 

ESG factors. We hope, with this report, stakeholders will better understand our priorities 

behind each approach and gain insights to how our business decisions contribute to 

sustainability in the long run. 

 

We would also like to thank our stakeholders for your continued support and trust in our 

journey to sustainability. 

 

Mr Alan Yu Chin 

Executive Director


 

 

7 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2020 

Corporate 

Values 

&amp; Code 

of Conduct

Coporate 

Governance

Waste &amp;

Resource

Management

Occupational

Health &amp;

Safety

Training &amp;

Education

Economic

Performance

0

1

2

3

4

5

0

1

2

3

4

5

Blumont's Priorities

Stakeholder's Priorities



With our regular stakeholder engagement and materiality assessments, we have identified 

and reviewed these material topics which shaped our sustainability strategy and helped us to 

set targets with intended outcome and impact. In this sustainability report, we continue to 

look into the various material topics that were identified and how we have improved our 

policies and procedures after understanding stakeholders’ interests and expectations, as well 

as address the economic and ESG topics that are material to our business and stakeholders. 

We have prioritised the material topics as shown in the Materiality Matrix below in the 

section of: Our Business, Our Environment, Our People and Our Governance. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Based on the matrix, the material topics covered in this report are as follows: 

 Economic Performance 

 Waste &amp; Resource Management 

 Occupational Health &amp; Safety 

 Training &amp; Education 

 Corporate Governance 

 Corporate Values &amp; Code of Conduct 

 

 

 

Our Business 

 

Our People 

 

Our Environment 

 

Our Governance 










 

 

8 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2020 



Our stakeholders play an important role in our business and we recognise the importance of 

a meaningful two-way engagement with our key stakeholders to understand their interests 

and expectations. Hence, we actively engage our stakeholders through various channels and 

continue to devote ourselves to improving the economic and social well-being of our 

stakeholders by incorporating key sustainability issues and principles within our business 

operations. 

Stakeholder Group 

Engagement Channels 

Key Interests 

Customers 

 Daily interactions 

 Enquiry and feedback 

channels 

 Customer survey 

 Top notch customer service 

 Quality management 

 

Employees 

 Annual employee 

performance appraisal 

 Regular team meeting 

 Workplace safety training 

programme 

 Staff right and welfare 

 Occupational health &amp; safety 

 Employee skills 

enhancement 

 

Investors 

 Regular investor meetings 

 Annual and interim reports 

 Circulars to shareholders 

 Profitability 

 Transparency 

 Timely reporting 

 

Suppliers 

 Periodic supplier evaluation 

 Comparison of quotes 

 Periodic discussion 

 Compliance with terms and 

conditions of purchasing 

policies and procedures 

 Maintenance of ethical 

standards 

 Material quality and waste 

management 

 

Government &amp; 

Regulations 

 Annual compliance audit 

 Adherence to statutory 

disclosures and 

requirements 

 Participation in 

conference/seminars for 

updates 

 Compliance with rules and 

regulations 

 Timely reporting and 

resolution of issues 

 

Community 

 Active participation in 

corporate volunteering 

programmes 

 Contribution to the 

community development 














 

 

9 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2020 



We developed and constantly review our sustainability strategy in view of the risks and 

opportunities we face today. We understand the need to enhance our sustainability 

performance in order to increase our competitiveness. Our sustainability strategy focuses on 

four key pillars: Our Business, Our Environment, Our People, and Our Governance. 

We have also incorporated the identification and assessment of ESG risks and opportunities 

into our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework which allowed us to engage our 

stakeholders and comprehensively review the impact of material ESG issues on our business 

and stakeholders. As a business that strives toward growth and development, we remain 

vigilant for emerging trends and developments that may present business opportunities. 



Our Business







•Risks: Competitors entering the market offering competitive prices and products.

•Opportunities: Continuously engaging with our customers to provide best price without 

compromising the profit margin.

•Approaches: On-going monitoring of investment opportunities in order to maximise shareholders’ 

returns.



Our Environment







•Risks: Non-compliance with waste emission standards.

•Opportunities: Increasing environmental awareness and reduce environmental footprints for 

future generations.

•Approaches: Striving to comply with local environmental regulations with continuous monitoring.







•Risks: Employees may be unfamiliar with the safety standards.

•Opportunities: Enhancing and upgrading of employees’ skill through training.

•Approaches: On-going training to be provided to our employees and ensuring that every 

employee is keeping up-to-date on the industry’s requirement.







•Risks: Non-compliance with local laws and regulations resulting in fines, complaints, reputational 

losses.

•Opportunities: Updating of policies and procedures as and when required. Periodic monitoring of 

enterprise risk.

•Approaches: Maintaining good corporate governance practice by establishing robust policies and 

procedures.


 

 

10 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2020 





 

To align with our mission to be a niche 

strategic investor that can generate 

opportunities, scalability and growth, 

investing strategically is important to 

ensure the Group’s sustainability through 

expansion 

and 

achieve 

technological 

competitiveness and quality products to 

fulfil 

customers’ 

needs 

and 

market 

expectations. 

We 

seek 

to 

continue 

exploring new partnerships and potential 

investment portfolios to develop our 

business further. 

The acquisition of all shares with the Asaro Federico and Baffyn International Corp. (the 

“Vendors”) for the proposed acquisition of 100 ordinary shares, representing the entire issued 

and paid-up capital of Samadhi Retreats Pte. Ltd, was still on hold in FY2020. However, we 

have made some progress and signed a conditional Sales and Purchase Agreement to do a 

partial acquisition of Labrador Hill Pte Ltd. As at 15 February 2021, the vendors and parties 

involved are still in the process of satisfying the Conditions Precedent. The Proposed 

Acquisition is pursuant to the Company's corporate strategy to expand and diversify the scope 

of the existing business of the Group to include the Hospitality Business.  

The Proposed Acquisition, if completed, will diversify the Group's current portfolio, reduce 

the Group's reliance on its existing business and provide the Company with potential 

additional revenue streams, all of which would improve the Group's future prospects for long 

term growth and enhance Shareholder value. 

 

We are a proud member of the 

Singapore Business Federation (“SBF”), 

which is an essential means of bridging 

between 

Singapore 

business 

community and the Government for 

corporate expansion and improvements.  






 

 

11 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2020 





At Blumont, we strive to deliver sustainable long-term value for our stakeholders. Sustaining 

healthy profits provides us with a competitive edge which has a direct impact on our 

stakeholders. Good economic performance generates tangible value for our employees in 

terms of better remuneration, enhanced share value for the shareholders, as well as value 

creation for the customers and society at large. 

In FY2020, sterilisation business remained 

to be the main revenue driver. Revenue 

decreased by S$0.72 million to S$3.49 

million in FY2020 (FY2019: S$4.21 million). 

The decrease in revenue was mainly due to 

decreased sterilisation services rendered 

and the recovery of previous 3 years rental 

of S$0.09 million from settlement of the 

legal action involving Raintree Rock Sdn 

Bhd in FY2019. Other gains included 

S$0.33 million for FY2020, mainly due to 

currency exchange gain, Job Support 

Scheme 

received 

from 

Singapore 

government and validation test income 

generated from sterilisation business.  

 

Raw materials and consumables used decreased by S$0.02 million to S$0.05 million in FY2020 

(FY2019: S$0.08 million), mainly due to decrease in revenue in line with lesser materials 

consumed during the year. 

Employee benefits increased by S$0.26 million to S$1.94 million in FY2020 (FY2019: S$1.68 

million), mainly due to severance payment made during the year. However, finance costs 

decreased by S$0.05 million to S$0.22 million in FY2020 (FY2019: S$0.27 million), mainly due 

to lower bank loan during the period. 

The sterilisation business had performed reasonably in FY2020 in spite of the uncertainties 

caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Whilst trading conditions remain difficult in 2021, the roll 

out of vaccines in Indonesia and around the world will result in a near-normal resumption of 

supply chains and international business. 

As a provider of services to many industries including pharmaceutical, medical, food and some 

agricultural products, PT. Rel-ion is in good position to recover in the later part of 2021. 

Moving forward, we will continue to monitor and identify ways to improve the business 

operations and profitability in FY2021. 








 

 

12 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2020 





As a result of our operating activities in PT Rel-ion, hazardous by-products such as radioactive 

waste are produced. Radioactive waste can cause potential threats to human health if not 

treated properly, as such, we recognise the impact of our operating activities on the 

environment and our Group is fully committed to ensure that these waste are treated in 

compliance with the regulations in Indonesia. 

Radioactive waste is subjected to safety regulations which include the method of handling, 

transportation, storage, and disposal of the waste in order to ensure that the health and 

safety of the people and the environment are not compromised. 

We provide high quality and reliable gamma irradiation services using a radioactive isotope 

known as cobalt-60. In line with our commitment towards ensuring proper treatment and 

disposal of waste, we engage our suppliers in a sustainable supply chain by returning used 

cobalt-60 to them for proper disposal. The disposal of cobalt-60 is carried out at the time of 

purchase of the colbalt-60 to save on transportation costs. As there was no purchase of 

cobalt-60 in FY2020, hence there was no disposal in FY2020. Disposal will be done upon the 

next purchase, therefore, despite lockdowns in Indonesia as a result of the pandemic, there 

was no impact to our waste management process. Our suppliers were also able to carry out 

their duties despite the lockdowns. 

In addition, we have engaged the BAPETEN Nuclear Energy Regulatory Agency, who has the 

tasks of implementing the surveillance of all activities of the use of nuclear energy in 

Indonesia through regulation, licensing and inspection in accordance with applicable laws and 

regulations. We have undergone inspection by BAPETEN, and we are proud to present our 

certificates certifying our operations are complied with the Indonesian safety standards. 

 

 




 

 

13 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2020 





 

We measured our past achievements and present our current year’s achievements, as shown 

below: 

 

 





TARGET FOR FY2021: 



 

We target to maintain zero radiation 

accidents and maintain zero non-compliance 

with the local regulatory board. We will also 

continue to manage waste through the 

annual radiation safety inspections. 



ACHIEVEMENT FOR FY2020: 



 

We were inspected by BAPETEN and 

received the Green Label as well as 

certification with no non-compliance 

noted. 


 

 

14 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2020 





The safety of all our employees are of utmost importance. We acknowledge that in our line 

of work, our operating activities may expose workers to several health hazards, such as 

exposure to radiation, and it is our responsibility as employers to mitigate such risks. 

Therefore, we put in place various measures to ensure the health and safety of our employees 

are free from injuries and that they carry out their duties in a safe manner.  

 

 



Safety 

Programs



Annual radiation 

safety inspection 

and health checks



Monthly 

preventive 

maintenance and 

safety system tests



Emergency 

countermeasure 

drills twice 

annually



Safety trainings 

for new 

employees, 

including updates 

of existing safety 

programme


 

 

15 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2020 





 

As a result of COVID-19 pandemic, external 

trainings were cancelled. However, we 

continue to provide internal trainings to 

our employees to educate them on the 

proper 

handling 

methods 

of 

the 

radioactive substances and the correct way 

of wearing the protective gear. We have 

also put in place temperature scanning and 

spray disinfectant at the entrance of our 

office, as well as periodic spray disinfectant 

on all rooms. 

 

Temperature taking 

 

 

Spray disinfectant 

 

 

Hand washing 








 

 

16 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2020 





Spray disinfectant of the rooms in our office 

 

 

 Fogging of office area 






 

 

17 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2020 





We have a Health and Safety Committee in place, which consists of Protection Officers and 

Irradiator Maintenance Officers, to ensure that radiation exposure conditions are safe for the 

work and surrounding environment, as well as to ensure work safety for all radiation workers 

and the public from radiation exposure hazard. We are proud to confirm that we have also 

attained the ISO 9001:2015 certification and are also in compliance with various regulations 

as shown below: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We are glad to confirm that there was no reported workplace injury nor reported non-

compliances to applicable workplace health and safety regulations in FY2020. We measured 

our past achievements and present our current year’s achievements, as shown below: 

 

 



TARGET FOR FY2021: 



 

We seek to improve continually through 

adopting recommendations of compliance 

audits, appraisal service and radiation 

safety inspections conducted.  



ACHIEVEMENT FOR FY2020: 



 

We have attained the ISO 9001:2015 

certification and maintained no reported 

workplace injury nor non-compliances to 

regulations. 



Compliance 

- Law Number 10 of 1997: Nuclear Power 

- Government Regulation No. 29/2008 Ionizer Radiation Source Utilisation License 

- Government Regulation No. 33/2007 Ionizer Radiation Safety and Radioactive Source   Security 

- BAPETEN Chairman’s Regulation No. 7 of 2007 Radioactive Source Security 

- BAPETEN Chairman’s Regulation No. 6 of 2010 Health Monitoring of Radiation    Workers 

- BAPETEN Chairman’s Regulation No. 11 Irradiator Construction and Operation Permit 

- BAPETEN Chairman’s Regulation No. 16 of 2014 Working License of Ionizer Radiation Sources 


 

 

18 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2020 





Employees are the backbone of any 

successful business. With the current rate 

of change and innovation, businesses that 

do not grow and develop their staff will be 

left behind. Hence, we make it a priority to 

ensure that our employees are adequately 

trained and continuously kept abreast of 

updates in the sterilisation industry. New 

employees 

are 

provided 

on-the-job 

training and coaching to help familiarise 

themselves with the working environment 

as well as to enhance their sense of 

belonging. In addition, we encourage all 

employees 

to 

pursue 

professional 

development opportunities by sending our 

employees for courses. In FY2020, due to 

the COVID-19 pandemic, external courses 

and trainings were cancelled. As a result, 

we have increased our internal trainings in 

FY2020 to our staff so that they are 

equipped 

with 

adequate 

technical 

knowledge and expertise, as well as 

growing their leadership capabilities. The 

average training hours clocked in by our 

employees are as follow: 

FY2020

FY2019

Average staff 

training hours

4 

2 

Refreshment trainings were conducted for all radiation workers and the following 

components were included in the trainings: 

 

 Standard 

operation 

procedure 

for 

irradiator 

 Radiation protection and safety program 

 Radioactive security program 

 Safety Radiation Procedure 

 Good Radiation Practice 

 Safety Work Program      






 

 

19 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2020 





 

In addition, our Group has established an 

annual 

employee 

performance 

appraisal 

where our employees are evaluated fairly. This 

performance 

appraisal 

provides 

our 

employees a gateway to reflect on their 

achievements accomplished during the year as 

well as their areas of improvement. Most 

importantly, it allows them to have insightful 

discussions with their superiors on their career 

development and growth opportunities to 

achieve their full potential.

 

Our employees are also at the centre of our operations and our most valuable assets. Thus, 

attracting and retaining talent are part of the Group’s strategy for ensuring sustainable 

growth for our business. We are committed towards fair and inclusive workplace that 

supports local employment in Singapore. We strongly believe that diversity within our 

workforce is a significant differentiator in our industry and do not base our hiring preferences 

on age, gender, race, marital status, nationality nor religion. There were no incidents of 

discrimination in FY2020. We strictly adhere to all local labour laws and regulations. 

 

 



Female



13



Male



51



Female

13

Male

52


 

 

20 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2020 





With our aim of becoming an outstanding people-centric company, we have been improving 

our organisational effectiveness and simplifying our communication channels across all levels 

and between business units.

Our Group encourages work-life balance 

as we believe that a strong knitted team is 

more productive, energetic, and eager to 

work. Team outings are great for fostering 

team bonding, as well as a great 

opportunity 

for 

team 

leaders 

and 

employees to connect and get to know 

more about one another. Our Group also 

has a review-and-feedback process in 

place, which has proven useful in 

understanding our employees’ concerns 

and addressing their issues. 

We report our progress and target for the next financial year as shown below: 





TARGET FOR FY2021: 



 

We target to engage external specialised 

trainer 

to 

provide 

training 

for 

our 

employees to increase their knowledge.  



ACHIEVEMENT FOR FY2020: 



 

We have increased internal trainings for our 

employees as a result of external trainings 

being cancelled. 


 

 

21 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2020 



Our Board is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance to ensure 

greater transparency and to protect the interests of our stakeholders. In addition, our Group 

emphasises ethical conduct of business and adopts a strict stance against corruption, 

dishonesty and fraud. Sound corporate governance practices are also important to the proper 

functioning of our Group and enhances the interest of all shareholders.  

As such, our Group has put in place policies and procedures that will safeguard the interests 

of stakeholders and enhance stakeholders’ value as part of our effort to maintain high 

standards of corporate governance. 



Our Company has put in place the Whistle-

Blowing Policy which provide the staff with 

well-defined and 

accessible channels 

within our Group to counter and mitigate 

any possible and/or suspected fraud. 

Proper written procedures, policies and 

guideline are in place for making such 

reports in good faith, with confidence and 

will be treated fairly and be protected from 

reprimand.  

 

We are pleased to report that there were no reported cases of fraud, misconduct, and 

breaches received through our whistleblowing channel in FY2020.  We remain committed to 

maintaining zero reported cases. 

 



 

 

Our Company has established procedures 

to ensure that all transactions with 

interested persons are reported in a timely 

manner to the AC and these interested 

persons transactions are conducted on an 

arm’s length basis and are not prejudicial 

to the interests of the shareholders. 

All reportable transactions are announced 

on SGX and through the annual report 

accordingly.






 

 

22 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2020 



Our Board is responsible for establishing the corporate strategies for the Group and setting 

strategic directions and objectives for the Management, supervising them and monitoring the 

performance of these objectives to enhance and build long term sustainable value for 

shareholders. 

Details of our Board members and respective committees during FY2020 are as follows: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We report our progress and target for the next financial year as shown below: 

 

 





Board of Directors: 

 

Siaw Lu Howe (Non-Executive Chairman) 

 

John Lee Yow Meng (Executive Director and CFO) 

 

Alan Chin Yu (Executive Director) 

 

Ng Keok Chai (Lead Independent Director) 

 

Tan Gim Kang, Arran (Non-Executive and Independent Director) 

 

Aris Muhammad Rizal (Non-Executive and Independent Director) 



Nominating 

Committee 

(NC) 



Remuneration 

Committee 

(RC) 



Audit Committee 

(AC) 



Independent 

Auditor 



TARGET FOR FY2021: 



 

We target to maintain compliance with 

mandatory listing requirements and revised 

code of corporate governance.  



ACHIEVEMENT FOR FY2020: 



 

We have engaged internal auditors to 

review our operations, internal control, and 

corporate governance. 


 

 

23 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2020 



GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference and 

Reason for Omission, 

if applicable 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

Organisational Profile 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

4 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

4 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

4 

102-4 

Location of operations 

4 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

4 

102-6 

Market served 

4 

102-7 

Scale of the organization 

19 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

19 

102-9 

Supply chain 

12 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain 

No changes 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach 

21 

102-12 

External initiatives 

No external initiatives 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

10 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

6 

Ethics and integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

4 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

21 

Stakeholder engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

8 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

8 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

8 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

7 

Reporting practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Adopted in FY2020 

Annual Report 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

3 

102-47 

List of material topics 

7 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

None 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None 

102-50 

Reporting period 

3 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

3 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

3 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

3 


 

 

24 | P a g e 

 



Sustainability Report 2020 



GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference and 

Reason for Omission, 

if applicable 

Reporting practice 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

3 

102-55 

GRI content index 

23 

102-56 

External assurance 

3 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

Economic Performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

11 

201-2 

Financial implications and other risks and opportunities 

due to climate change 

11 

Environmental Compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations 

12-13 

Occupational Health and Safety 

403-1 

Occupational health and safety management system 

14-17 

403-2 

Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident 

investigation 

14-17 

403-3 

Occupational health services 

14-17 

403-4 

Worker participation, consultation, and communication 

on occupational health and safety 

14-17 

403-5 

Worker training on occupational health and safety 

14-17 

403-6 

Promotion of worker health 

14-17 

403-7 

Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and 

safety impacts directly linked by business relationships 

14-17 

Training and Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employee 

18-20 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 

assistance programs 

18-20 

404-3 

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance 

and career development reviews 

18-20 

 

 

