
 

 





1 



BONVESTS HOLDINGS LIMITED | Sustainability Report  



BONVESTS HOLDINGS 

LIMITED 

Sustainability Report 

For the year ended 31 December 2018 

 

 

 


 





2 





2 

 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

The Board presents our second Sustainability Report. As the Board of Directors (the “Board”), 

for Bonvests Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) we recognise the importance 

of sustainable business growth to both strengthen our industry position and deliver benefits 

to our shareholders, employees and other stakeholders. The Board oversees the direction of 

sustainability within the Group as well as the management of sustainability related 

performance and development of the sustainability report.  

 

The Board has been involved in reviewing the material Environmental, Social and Governance 

(ESG) factors, selected in 2017, for the Group. These ESG factors were determined via a 

materiality assessment that was conducted last year to identify where to concentrate our 

sustainability efforts in high impact areas which support our business strategy. This year, the 

Board has agreed that these ESG factors remain material for 2018. In addition, we continued 

to oversee the management of our impacts in these areas as well as our performance and 

targets for the upcoming year. 

 

Our Sustainability Report is aligned to the sustainability reporting regulatory requirements set 

by Singapore Exchange (SGX); SGX-ST Listing Rules 711A and 711B and references the GRI 

Standards (2016). 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY AT BONVESTS HOLDINGS 

 

The hospitality sector is one that is closely entwined with numerous ESG issues. 

Environmental concerns such as energy and water use due to demands from hotel facilities 

and biodiversity concerns in locations with sensitive ecosystems as well as employee and 

guest wellbeing has long been at the top of the Group’s list of priorities. Concerns over these 

factors have been growing due to an increase in awareness from various stakeholder groups 

over the last few years. More and more hotel guests are expecting destination hotels to be 

aware of and to mitigate their negative impacts and investors are seeing the linkages between 

good sustainability management and good business governance.  

 

Our guest experience is of paramount importance to us and we believe that it is possible to 

operate responsibly, without sacrificing any guest or employee comfort. In fact we believe 

that the changing landscape allows us to leverage off sustainability efforts to create better 

experiences.  

 

In 2017, the Group worked towards formalising and standardising our approach to key 

concerns. This involved setting up a sustainability governance structure and formalizing 

reporting lines on sustainability performance. Over the last year, we have continued to 

strengthen these structures and continued with our various sustainability initiatives. We have 

a number of practices in place that help us to better manage our operational impacts and we 

invest in our diverse range of talent through training and career development. We will 

continue to look for opportunities to continue our sustainability journey in the coming years. 


 





3 





3 

 

 

WHO WE ARE  

 

The Group has been established as an experienced player in the property industry for more than 30 

years. The Group’s three core businesses are hotel ownership and management, property 

development and investment, and waste management and contract cleaning of buildings. Bonvests 

has hotel assets in Tunisia, Zanzibar, Mauritius, Maldives and Bintan, Indonesia under The Residence 

by Cenizaro brand, Sheraton Towers Singapore Hotel and Four Points by Sheraton Perth, Australia. The 

Group’s commercial real estate portfolio comprises business-related office and retail space in 

Singapore, Australia and Tunisia. We take pride in managing our diverse property portfolio to enhance 

the experience of our building tenants and visitors. With a strong foundation, the Group will remain 

committed to seeking quality projects and opportunities to develop them with innovative solutions. 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

Reporting Scope 

 

Although we practice sustainability throughout our business, the performance data in our 

sustainability report encompasses operations that are most material for the Group. The performance 

data in our sustainability report encompasses our investment property and hotels namely Liat Towers, 

Singapore and The Residence Tunis, The Residence Mauritius, The Residence Zanzibar, The Residence 

Maldives, Sheraton Towers Singapore and Four Points by Sheraton Perth. Our newly operational hotels, 

The Residence Bintan and The Residence Maldives Dhigurah will be included respectively once they 

have reached a full year of operation. 

 

Reporting Standard  

 

Our sustainability report is in line with the Singapore Exchange (SGX) sustainability reporting listing 

requirements and references the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards (2016). This report 

references the following GRI Standards and topic-specific Disclosures: 

• 

Disclosure 302-1 from GRI 302: Energy 2016 

• 

Disclosure 303-1 from GRI 303: Water 2016 

• 

Disclosure 404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career 

development reviews 

 

 

Feedback 

 

The Group welcomes all feedback to help us improve our sustainability practices. Please send your 

questions or feedback to investorrelations@bonvests.com.sg.   

 

 


 





4 





4 

 

 

ASSESSING MATERIALITY 

 

Engaging with Our Stakeholders 

 

We engage with our stakeholders through both formal and informal channels. Some of our key 

stakeholders are our customers, tenants, shareholders, business partners and employees. We engage 

in two way feedback at meetings and our annual AGM and via surveys such as customer/guest 

satisfaction surveys. This regular engagement allows us to stay abreast of stakeholders concerns and 

priorities, in order to address issues and to continue to operate a sustainable business. We are also 

able to determine some of the key areas in regards to Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) 

issues for our stakeholders from these interactions.  

 

Materiality Assessment 

 

It is important to focus our sustainability efforts in areas where we can have the most impact. This 

means that we need to identify the ESG factors that our stakeholders are most concerned about and 

those that most impact our business as well as those that are most impacted by our business. We 

carried out a materiality assessment in 2017 to identify our most material ESG factors. This year, 

management reviewed the ESG factors selected. Considering that as there have been no major 

changes in our business operations, nor any major changes in mega-trends affecting the industry, the 

decision was made that these factors remain the most material for the Group for 2018. This decision 

was endorsed by the Audit Committee. 

Our six material ESG factors are listed below. We include details on all our factors in this report, except 

for 1. Economic performance, for which you can find details in our 2018 Annual Report. 

 

Material Factors for the Group: 

Economic 

Environmental  

Social 

Governance 

1 Economic 

Performance 

 

2 Energy  

3 Water 

4 Health, Safety and 

Welfare 

5 Talent 

development  

6 Regulatory 

compliance  

 

 


 





5 





5 

 

 

ENERGY  

 

2018 Highlights 

Indicator 

2018 Performance 

2018 Target 

2019 Target(s) 

• Electricity 

consumption 

• Electricity intensity  

• 

Hotel Properties - 

Electricity intensity for the 

hotel properties 

decreased slightly -1.1% 

to 69.96 kWh/guest night. 

• 

Investment Properties - 

Electricity intensity for the 

investment properties 

decreased 38.9% to 81.46 

kWh/m2. 

 

Achieved 

- 

Maintain or 

reduce 

electricity 

intensity 

from 

the 

baseline 

2017. 

 

Maintain or reduce 

electricity intensity 

from the baseline 

2017. 

 

The hospitality industry can be one that has a high energy demand. Providing a good quality service to 

guests includes maintaining a comfortable temperature in rooms, which often requires heating or 

cooling, and provision of clean linens, which require round the clock laundry operations. Our hotels 

are in operation 24 hours a day leading to constant lighting in certain areas and facilities such as spas, 

gymnasiums and swimming pools also require an energy source to operate. However, we realise that 

these energy demands could have negative environmental consequences and that the reduction of 

GHG emissions, which are a result of the use of fossil fuels, is high on the agenda of many of the world’s 

governments. Therefore, the Group continues to look for opportunities to play a role in reducing these 

potentially negative impacts through a number of energy reduction initiatives.  

 

All our hotels make use of technology to reduce electricity use, such as through setting timers and 

using movement activated sensors. We are also striving to replace halogen spotlights to lower-demand 

LED spotlights and we set the air conditioners as standard to a comfortable temperature of around 24 

degrees Celsius. Where we can, we replace older equipment with newer, more energy efficient items 

which consume less electricity. 

 

Over the last year, a number of new initiatives have contributed to an increase in energy efficiency. 

Sheraton Towers Singapore has installed Heat Pumps to supply Guestroom’s hot water as part of the 

Green Mark initiatives to replace the use of boilers. Four Points by Sheraton Perth’s monthly energy 

consumption is monitored closely to ensure the BMS system is running at maximum efficiency. Local 

consultants test the system each month to ensure BMS system is running to the manufactures 

parameters and industry standards. In addition, The Residence Maldives has minimised usage of the 

incinerator during the year after the overhaul of general waste management in 2017. 

 

The Residence Tunis’s Tri-generation system which uses a fuel source to produce heating, cooling and 

electricity continued to operate at high level of efficiency. At The Residence Maldives, heat produced 

as a by-product of our air conditioners is continued to be used to heat water. The Residence Maldives 

has also minimise usage of incinerator during year 2018 and after the overhaul of general in end 2017. 

The Residence Maldives has also completed replacing the normal air-conditioner this year to Inverter 

type air-conditioner for low electricity usage with high efficiency. At The Residence Zanzibar and The 


 





6 





6 

Residence Maldives operations, we have a "Switch off Something" policy which is communicated to all 

staff and encourages them to switch off any electrical items or outlets not being used as they go about 

their everyday business. Our Green Mark certified hotel, Sheraton Towers Singapore also has a hotel 

consultant to test the efficiency and effectiveness of our BMS system and in Liat Towers, we have 

completed the chiller replacement to improve their operational performance. This new installation is 

part of our push to achieve Green Mark certification for Liat Towers.  

 

We encourage our guests to participate in energy reduction by leaving a “Green Card” in the rooms 

and giving them the option to not have their linens changed each day and the lighting and air 

conditioners in most of our hotels are operated by a key card, reducing the energy consumption of 

unoccupied rooms. In Mauritius we have launched a “Green Engage” initiative to engage our guests, 

staff and community. Our security teams are also asked to look out for and report any lights in 

unoccupied areas. 

 

Our electricity intensity for the hotel properties decreased slightly from 70.771 kWh/guest night to 

69.96 kWh/guest night in the same time period. At our investment properties, electricity intensity 

decreased from 133.12 kWh/m2 to 81.46 kWh/m2 as a result of our energy saving initiatives. 

 

 

 

 

 

Note: Data excludes electricity consumption in tenanted areas at our properties. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1 2017 Guest night data has been revised, therefore energy intensity for 2017 is restated. 

0.00

50.00

100.00

150.00

2017

2018

Electricity intensity -

Investment Properties

Investment properties (per square meter)

0.00

20.00

40.00

60.00

80.00

2017

2018

Electricity intensity - Hotel 

Properties

Hotel (per guest night)


 





7 





7 

WATER 

2018 Highlights 

Indicator 

2018 Performance 

2018 Target 

2019 Target(s) 

• 

Water 

consumption 

• 

Water intensity  

• 

Hotel Properties - Water 

intensity for the hotel 

properties decreased to 

1.33 m3/guest night.  

• 

Investment Properties - 

Water 

intensity 

for 

investment 

properties 

decreased 

to 

0.90 

m3/m2. 

 

Achieved 

- 

Maintain 

or 

reduce 

water 

intensity 

from 

the baseline 2017 

levels 

 

Maintain 

or 

reduce 

water 

intensity 

from 

the 

baseline 

2017 levels 

 

Water is another essential resource in regard to the hospitality sector. Water is used by our guests and 

our hotels for washing and cooking and these activities will increase as our occupancy increases. Water 

is a limited resource and can become scarce, particularly at some of our more remote locations. For 

this reason, we aim for a responsible use of water to reduce the demand from the hotels. 

 

At The Residence Tunis, the pipeline improvements works completed in FY2017 has helped to reduce 

water leakage incidents, and at The Residence Maldives maintenance work has reduced water 

pressure, and therefore consumption, with no loss of guest comfort. The Residence Maldives has also 

installed 20 meter points to monitor daily meter reading and water consumption in order to recognize 

any pipe leaks and rollout preventive maintenance programme including timely inspection to identify 

pipe leak and prevent loss of water through pipe leaks. Sheraton Towers Singapore has implemented 

a centralised dishwashing operations to reduce the water consumption. 

 

We have looked for opportunities to increase water efficiency in our fixtures and fittings with all toilet 

taps at Liat Towers being replaced with self-closing taps to meet PUB standards on water fittings. Our 

hotels either have, or are in the planning stages of installing, sewage treatment plants, from which 

reclaimed water is used in irrigations. Watering the gardens is restricted to evenings and early 

mornings to reduce water loss through evaporation. Some of our more remote hotels also make use 

of desalination technology to provide water for bathrooms and kitchens. At The Residence Maldives, 

plans are underway for a rainwater harvesting system to reduce reliance on public utilities. 

 

The advantages gained through these refurbishments are maintained through better management 

efforts where hotels monitor metre readings and check for spikes in water usage and follow up with 

investigations on why this might be. At some of our assets there are daily walkthroughs to ensure no 

water leakages from bathroom fittings and water pressure is monitored to identify irregularities that 

could indicate a leak. Staff and visitors are requested not to run taps unnecessarily. In The Residence 

Mauritius, where water is precious, we place tent cards in rooms to ask guests to be conservative with 

their water use. In addition, we have commissioned a water audit to be conducted at Four Points by 

Sheraton Perth in 2018 to identify where water consumption can be further reduced. The water audit 

finds that Four Points by Sheraton Perth’s water use was well below the industry average based on 

Litres per room night and Litres per guest night and is considered by HFM Asset Management 

(www.hfmassets.com.au)  to be industry leading in terms of water management, even more so as the 

hotel is water cooled.  It was noted that water use had reduced significantly since 2011/12 primarily 

due to extensive refurbishments of room fixtures and ongoing monitoring has maintained this optimal 

level of performance.  While Four Points by Sheraton Perth is considered industry leading, HFM Asset 

Management has identified a number of further water efficiency opportunities that may be considered.   


 





8 





8 

Water intensity also decreased from 1.452 to 1.33 m3/guest night. At investment properties, water 

intensity increased slightly from 1.17 m3/m2 to 0.90 m3/m2 in the same period. 

 

 

 

 

 

HEALTH, SAFETY AND WELFARE 

 

2018 Highlights 

Indicator 

2018 Performance 

2018 Target 

2019 Target(s) 

• Percentage 

of 

eligible 

staff 

receiving 

health 

and 

safety 

training  

• 100% of eligible 3 

staff 

receiving 

health and safety 

training 

 Achieved - 100% of 

eligible 

staff 

to 

continue to receive 

health 

and 

safety 

training 

 100% of eligible staff 

to continue to receive 

health 

and 

safety 

training 

 

Health, safety and welfare of our staff 

In the course of our work as hotel operators, there are some occasions where our employees may be 

at risk of injury. Higher risk areas include employees in the kitchens and restaurants, maintenance and 

cleaning. Although serious injuries are rare, we do all we can to ensure our employees are safe and 

remain healthy in their places of work. 

 

In order for employees to remain safe and healthy, we have a number of initiatives in place. One of 

which is our health and safety practices in place at each of our hotels. These practices cover the health 

and safety of our employees when they are on site and include rules, tips, processes and procedures 

for staying safe and reporting incidents. These practices are made available to staff in the employee 

handbooks, where relevant. In addition, posters and signage is in place in areas where staff may need 

extra reminders or warnings of hazards and concerns as well as when required by law. In some 

locations, such as Mauritius, we have Health and Safety officers who ensure our compliance with the 

OSHA Act and reports on performance are sent to the relevant government ministry. We also have a 

Health and Safety committee who meet every two months to update the teams on performance and 

review policies and practices. 

 

2 2017 Guest night data has been revised, therefore water intensity for 2017 is restated. 

3 Eligible staff range from hotel to hotel, depending on the needs of each location. 

1.39

1.33 

 -

 0.20

 0.40

 0.60

 0.80

 1.00

 1.20

 1.40

 1.60

2017

2018

Water intensity - Hotel 

Properties

Water intensity (m3/guest night)

1.17 

0.90 

 -

 0.20

 0.40

 0.60

 0.80

 1.00

 1.20

 1.40

2017

2018

Water intensity - Investment 

Properties

Water intensity (per m3/square metre)


 





9 





9 

In addition to these practices, we also implement a number of in-house awareness training briefings. 

Employees will attend a new joiner orientation where new staff are introduced to work at our various 

locations, these orientations are tailored to the location as well as the new staff’s role and will include 

instructions on how to stay safe in their role and what risks they need to look out for. For longer serving 

staff members, courses are made available where relevant. These courses include instruction on 

operating certain machinery and equipment safely, fire safety, first aid and any other courses that may 

be mandated or considered appropriate. At Sheraton Towers Singapore Hotel, an annual Table Top 

Exercise for Crisis Management under the Marriott International Standard and a security and safety 

audit from the Singapore Authority and Marriott International are held. The Sheraton Towers 

Singapore Hotel management team is also a member of the neighbourhood watchguard in 

collaboration with the Police Force. 

 

Demonstrating our commitment to the safety of our staff, we have health and safety champions at 

relevant locations. This champion is responsible for putting into place any safety precautions that 

might be necessary.  Their role also includes the collection of data and information on health and 

safety and reporting this to the general manager of the hotel.   

 

 

Guest and tenant health and safety 

With hundreds of guests and visitors passing through our hotels and properties over the year, we have 

a responsibility to safeguard their safety during their time with us. The experience of our guests and 

visitors is paramount to us and this includes allowing them to feel safe and relaxed in order to fully 

enjoy their visit.  

 

There are several aspects of our hotel operations where we specifically focus on the health and safety 

of our customers. These include food safety and general safety in the rooms, shared areas, pools, spas 

and golf courses. In the kitchens, our chefs and employees have strict systems in place which prevent 

the serving of unsafe food. Regular checks on the freshness of the food are carried out, both when 

supplies arrive at the restaurants as well as on a daily basis. Some initiatives include having dedicated 

sets of cutting boards, knives and other utensils to avoid cross contamination and labelling of food to 

track use-by-dates to prevent food becoming out of date. We purchase food items regularly and are 

careful to avoid over-ordering to avoid waste and ensure the ultimate freshness in food served. 

Kitchen staff are trained in food hygiene, either using international standards, such as Hazard Analysis 

and Critical Control Points (HACCP) or by medical and hygiene professionals. Relevant government 

departments in each location will carry out inspections as per their relevant mandatory schedules. 

Halal certification is also obtained where necessary to provide reassurance to our Muslim guests. 

 

The facilities at our hotels come under the guardianship of our general managers and security teams 

who conduct formal and informal risk assessments from the perspective of our guests. They check for 

major hazards such as elevator malfunctions to minor issues like trip hazards and we aim to address 

any issues as soon as possible. Our regular fire and emergency drills also safeguard the safety of our 

guests and at some of our more remote, beach side locations we employ and train life guards to watch 

over water-based activities and have in-house doctors or nurses. Some of our hotels are remote 

enough to warrant in house emergency teams who are trained in fire and tsunami evacuations as well 

as the use of specialist firefighting equipment, which is also provided and maintained by our staff. 

Emergency manuals are drawn up and check lists are in place for regular monitoring. We also have 

satellite communication equipment in some locations in case of emergencies. 

 

We receive audits from various authorities and agencies to address both occupational and guest safety 

where appropriate. For example, At Sheraton Towers Singapore Hotel, these include an annual audit 

from Marriott on the Hotel’s safety for guest and associates, an annual SHA/SPF/NCPC Hotel Security 


 





10 





10 

Audit, an annual SCDF Fire Safety Audit, a quarterly peer audit by sister hotels and an annual audit 

from Marriott on Food Hygiene. A Fire Safety and Security Committee Meeting sits every month. 

 

TALENT DEVELOPMENT 

2018 Highlights 

Indicator 

2018 Performance 

2018 Target 

Target(s) 

• % eligible staff 

receiving 

performance 

appraisals 

• 100% eligible staff 

received performance 

appraisals 

 

Achieved 

- 

100% 

eligible staff receive 

performance 

appraisals 

 

100% eligible staff 

receive 

performance 

appraisals 

 

Our staff are extremely important to the success of our operations. As a customer focused business, 

well trained, highly skilled staff are essential for giving our hotel guests the experience that they expect 

from us. For this reason, we invest in our staff in order for them to be equipped with the knowledge 

and skills they need as well as to retain the talent most important to us. 

 

Training and education 

We employ staff with a large range of skills and experience, from technicians, to chefs, and 

receptionists to housekeeping staff. Staff range from needing specific technical training and updates 

to straightforward in-house on-the-job training. However, wherever they may be in this range we are 

passionate about ensuring they have access to the training and development they need to do their job 

well and feel satisfied in their roles. In order to do this, all eligible staff will receive an annual 

performance appraisal that will serve to both inform them of how they are performing against 

expectations as well as identify any gaps in their knowledge or what may be needed to allow them to 

progress within the organisation. These performance appraisals will enable staff to feedback to 

management on where they may like to improve their own performance and which trainings may help 

them to do so. 

 

Training provided for our staff ranges from on the job, in house training to external leadership skills 

development. In our Maldives hotel, we bring in external trainers two or three time a year to upskill 

our leadership team and provide quality service training to our service staff and health &amp; safety staff. 

At The Residence Zanzibar, we have a dedicated training manager who organises hospitality service 

training, professional training and even English lessons to ensure that we maintain our high standards 

of service. We seek outside advice and assurance of the level of our service through the Leading 

Quality Standards (LQA). Our Mauritius team also benefits from in house training and staff are 

sponsored to attend external courses where relevant. In addition in this location, we accept trainees 

from the national hotel school for practical training. The Residence Mauritius also offer the career 

development plan for all high performers, where we accompany them in their growth during 6 to 9 

months intense training, and upon successful completion, they are promoted to next level.  At 

Sheraton Towers Singapore Hotel and Four Points by Sheraton Perth we provide Sheraton Core 

Knowledge Training for new hires and we have an HR Policy and Procedure under our Human Resource 

Development and HR Training Plan as well as an On-Job-Training Manual. We encourage associates to 

take courses such as English language, computer classes and business writing skills under the 

Singapore Workforce Skills Qualification (WSQ), for Sheraton Towers Singapore Hotel, to enhance 

capabilities and develop our staff. Across all our locations, we provide cross-department training and 

opportunities for sideways and upwards development. 

 

 

 


 





11 





11 

Diversity and equal opportunity 

We do not tolerate discrimination in our work-force and we require all staff to be treated fairly, 

regardless of age, race, gender or religion. This applies to all aspects of our human resources from 

recruitment to promotion to retirement. Our employee handbooks include our position of equal 

opportunities. The Sheraton Towers Singapore Hotel falls under the Singapore Tripartite Alliance and 

in Mauritius we align with the principles from the National Workers Union and comply with 

Employment Rights Act. 

 

 

REGULATORY COMPLIANCE 

 

2018 Highlights 

As a responsible corporate citizen, we have a zero tolerance policy towards non-compliance with 

relevant laws and regulations. We hold ourselves to high standards in this area and we have a number 

of polices in place to avoid inappropriate conduct that can lead to the loss of stakeholder trust as well 

as the loss of operating licenses.  

 

The main areas which we concentrate our governance efforts are around anti-corruption and 

marketing and labelling. 

 

Anti-corruption 

Corruption can be a concern in some of our locations of operations and in the real estate and 

hospitality industry. We are mindful of these risks and so have prepared policies and procedures to 

avoid these issues. We have a corporate anti-corruption and anti-fraud policy as well as a whistle 

blowing policy and anti-bribe policies. These policies are made known to all our staff and we conduct 

trainings and briefings to be sure staff are aware of how they are expected to behave as well as what 

activities may constitute a breach of the law. Corporate level staff are also required to make self-

declarations each year to keep management up to date and increase awareness amongst the staff.  

 

Marketing and labelling 

As a hotel owner and operator, the success of our business is heavily dependent on advertising. We 

are careful to ensure that our advertising is fair, true and transparent to avoid misleading our guests. 

This is not only to ensure compliance with relevant advertising standards and laws, but also avoid 

disappointed guests whose expectations we are eager to fulfil. In Singapore, we adhere to the relevant 

rules and regulations, such as the Singapore Advertising Standards. 

 

Corporate compliance 

Other laws and regulations that are relevant to us include SGX listing rules, MAS laws and regulations 

and personal data protection. Management keep a close eye on activities around these issues and 

policies such as our Corporate Code of Conduct mean that staff are aware of expectations upon them. 

In addition, management level staff complete an annual self-declaration that covers areas such as 

conflicts of interest and independence. 

 

We reviewed our regulatory risks as part of the management risk assessment process in 2018, 

achieving our 2018 target. We will continue to do so in the coming 12 months. 

