
 

 





1 



BONVESTS HOLDINGS LIMITED | Sustainability Report





BONVESTS HOLDINGS 

LIMITED 

Sustainability Report 

For the year ended 31 December 2020 

 

 

 


 

 





2 





2 

ABOUT THE REPORT 

This is our fourth annual sustainability report which covers the performance data and related 

information for material environmental, social, and governance (ESG) topics of Bonvests Holdings 

Limited and its subsidiaries. The report summarises the sustainability practices and initiatives for the 

period 1 January to 31 December 2020 (FY2020). 

 

Reporting Scope 

 

Although we practice sustainability throughout our business, the performance data in our 

sustainability report will encompass operations that are most material for the Group. As such, the data 

disclosed in our sustainability report covers our investment property, Liat Towers, and hotels including 

The Residence Tunis, The Residence Mauritius, The Residence Zanzibar, The Residence Maldives, The 

Residence Bintan, Sheraton Towers Singapore and Four Points by Sheraton Perth. Our new hotels, The 

Residence Maldives at Dhigurah and La Maison Arabe, Marrakech, have been included in our 

Sustainability Report, as they have reached a full year of operations. 

 

Reporting Standard  

 

Our sustainability report is in line with the Singapore Exchange (SGX) sustainability reporting listing 

requirements and references the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards (2016). The report 

references the following GRI Standards and topic-specific Disclosures: 

• 

Disclosure 205-3 from GRI 205: Anti-Corruption 2016 

• 

Disclosure 302-3 from GRI 302: Energy 2016 

• 

Disclosure 303-5 from GRI 303: Water 2018 

• 

Disclosure 404-3 from GRI 404: Training and Education 2016 

• 

Disclosure 417-3 from GRI 417: Marketing and Labelling 2016 

• 

Disclosure 419-3 from GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 2016 

 

Feedback 

 

The Group welcomes all feedback to help us improve our sustainability practices. Please send your 

questions or feedback to investorrelations@bonvests.com.sg.   

 

 


 

 





3 





3 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

The Board presents our Fourth Sustainability Report. As the Board of Directors (the “Board”), for 

Bonvests Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) we recognise the importance of 

sustainable business growth to both strengthen our industry position and deliver benefits to our 

shareholders, employees and other stakeholders. The Board oversees the direction of sustainability 

within the Group as well as the management of sustainability-related performance and development 

of the sustainability report. 

 

In light of the COVID-19 outbreak, we have taken steps to ensure that the health and well-being of our 

tenants, guests and employees are prioritised. We recognise the importance of keeping all our 

stakeholders safe. We have introduced precautionary measures in line with government guidelines 

such as regular disinfection of our premises, safe distancing, and contact tracing for all our guests, 

employees, and visitors. This will ensure that our stakeholders remain safe as we continue to deliver 

our services. 

 

The Board has been involved in reviewing the material Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) 

factors for the Group. These ESG factors were determined via a materiality assessment that was 

conducted to identify where to concentrate our sustainability efforts in high impact areas which 

support our business strategy. The Board has agreed that these ESG factors remain material for 2020 

In addition, we will continue to oversee the management of our impacts in these areas as well as our 

performance and targets for the upcoming year. 

 

Our Sustainability Report is aligned to the sustainability reporting regulatory requirements set by 

Singapore Exchange (SGX); SGX-ST Listing Rules 711A and 711B and references the GRI Standards 

(2016).  

 

 

 


 

 





4 





4 

MANAGING BUSINSS CONTINUITY IN COVID-19 

The extraordinary circumstances arising from COVID-19 has brought about substantial economic and 

social disruption across the world. Despite this, the Group continues to prioritise the health and safety 

of our stakeholders, in line with government advisories and guidelines. 

During this period, we are regularly monitoring and reviewing the overall business and risk 

environment to ensure that our operations remain robust and sustainable whilst adopting the 

necessary precautions to protect our stakeholders. 

Ensuring the safety and wellbeing of the employees in the workplace is essential. One of the 

adjustments the Group have made is to initiate or expand flexible work arrangements and other 

policies that allow associates to work remotely and safely. We will regularly communicate to align the 

government and health authorities’ latest policies to help employees remain engaged as we navigate 

through the crisis. Where telecommuting or flexible work arrangements are not possible, such as the 

Group’s hotel and resort operations where certain positions require direct contact with customers, 

the Group’s hotels and resorts will provide training on infection protection measures, safe distancing 

guidelines, hygiene and cleaning audit and certification to ensure the associates are well aware of the 

appropriate procedures and are well prepared.   

With international boarders remaining closed, businesses continue to experience significant disruption 

and shifts in consumer demand and behaviour. The Group’s hotels and resorts have actively pursued 

alternative business options such as  domestic markets for Staycations, changing the meal preparation 

and service settings in accordance to government’s safe measurement guidelines for dine in and 

banquet events, provide on-line and mobile orders for meal delivery and partnering various 

government agencies to provide accommodation to healthcare groups and homebound arrivals 

serving the Stay Home Notice (SHN).   

While we have come to terms with the impact of COVID-19 is having on our business, the crisis also 

reveals areas where we can build resilience and reshape our workforce during this challenging period.  

Tapping on government grants and skill redevelopment support, we have intensified the training 

programs to realign the hotels and resorts workforce for work redesign and organisational 

restructuring in preparation for recovery.     

Despite the challenges, the Group continues to explore new ideas to contribute to the environmental 

sustainability efforts. In certain resorts where we have larger land area, we have a program to grow 

edible vegetable gardens and installed food digesters to recycle the food waste into compost.  In 

Singapore where space is limited, a smaller scale edible vegetable garden and hydroponic system is 

being explored to promote the food sustainability.  At Sheraton Towers Singapore, the hotel will be 

completing the installation of an ecoDigester System in early 2021 to convert 350kg of food waste 

every 24 hours to recycled water for system back wash. 

 

 


 

 





5 





5 

WHO WE ARE  

 

The Group has been established as an experienced player in the property industry for more than 30 

years. The Group’s three core businesses are hotel ownership and management, property 

development and investment, and waste management and contract cleaning of buildings. Bonvests 

has hotel assets in Tunisia, Zanzibar, Mauritius, Maldives and Bintan, Indonesia under The Residence 

by Cenizaro brand, Sheraton Towers Singapore Hotel, Four Points by Sheraton Perth, Australia and La 

Maison Arabe, Marrakech in Morocco. The Group’s commercial real estate portfolio comprises 

business-related office and retail space in Singapore, Australia and Tunisia. We take pride in managing 

our diverse property portfolio to enhance the experience of our building tenants and visitors. With a 

strong foundation, the Group will remain committed to seeking quality projects and opportunities to 

develop them with innovative solutions. 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY AT BONVESTS HOLDINGS 

 

The hospitality sector is one that is closely entwined with numerous ESG issues. Environmental 

concerns such as energy and water use arising from hotel facilities, biodiversity issues in locations with 

sensitive ecosystems as well as employee and guest wellbeing has long been at the top of the Group’s 

list of priorities. Concerns over these factors have been growing due to an increase in awareness from 

various stakeholder groups over the last few years. More and more hotel guests are expecting 

destination hotels to be aware of the aforementioned issues and to mitigate their negative impacts. 

Investors are also seeing the linkages between good sustainability management and good business 

governance. 

 

Our guest experience is of paramount importance to us and we believe that it is possible to operate 

responsibly, without sacrificing any guest or employee comfort. In fact, we believe that the changing 

landscape allows us to leverage off sustainability efforts to create better experiences. 

 

In 2017, the Group worked towards formalising and standardising our approach to key concerns. This 

involved setting up a sustainability governance structure and formalising reporting lines on 

sustainability performance. Over the last year, we have continued to strengthen these structures and 

work on our various sustainability initiatives. We have a number of practices in place that help us to 

better manage our operational impacts and we invest in our diverse range of talent through training 

and career development. We will continue to look for opportunities to continue our sustainability 

journey in the coming years. 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 





6 





6 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

We engage with our stakeholders through a variety of channels. This regular engagement allows us to 

determine some of the key areas with regards to Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) issues 

for our stakeholders.  

 

Stakeholders 

Key Topics / Areas of 

Concern 

Mode of Engagement 

Frequency 

Employees 

 

Employee 

satisfaction 

 

Training and 

career 

development 

 

Health, safety, and 

well-being 

 

Performance 

appraisals 

 

Team-building 

activities 

 

Email 

 

Annual appraisals 

 

 

From time to time 

 

 

Ongoing 

Guests &amp; 

Tenants 

 

Guest satisfaction 

 

Quality of facilities 

and/or services 

 

Health, safety, and 

well-being 

 

Guest satisfaction 

surveys 

 

Two-way 

communications 

 

Email 

 

Website / feedback 

form 

 

Ongoing 

 

 

Ongoing 

 

 

Ongoing 

 

Ongoing 

Shareholders 

&amp; Business 

Partners 

 

Business strategy 

and outlook 

 

Economic 

performance 

 

ESG practices 

 

Annual General 

Meeting 

 

Release of financial 

results, 

announcements, and 

other relevant 

disclosures 

 

Management 

meetings, briefings, 

and conference calls 

 

Annually 

 

 

Quarterly 

 

 

 

 

 

Ongoing 

Regulators 

 

Regulatory 

compliance 

 

Regulatory filings 

 

Regulatory briefings 

 

Ongoing 

 

Ongoing 

 

 

 

 


 

 





7 





7 

MATERIALITY 

 

It is important to focus our sustainability efforts in areas where we can have the most impact. We need 

to identify the ESG factors that our stakeholders are most concerned about, taking into account the 

factors with the greatest impact on our business as well as those that are most impacted by our 

business. This year, management reviewed the material ESG factors selected. The material factors 

remained unchanged from 2019 as these areas are linked closely to the challenges and issues arising 

from COVID-19. The impacts of COVID-19 have been weaved into each material ESG factor.  

Our six material ESG factors are listed below. We include details on all our factors in this report, except 

for “Economic Performance”, for which you can find details in our 2020 Annual Report. 

Material Factors for the Group: 

Economic 

Environmental 

Social 

Governance 

1) Economic 

Performance 

 

2) Energy  

3) Water 

4) Health, Safety and 

Welfare 

5) Talent 

development  

6) Regulatory 

compliance  

 

 

 


 

 





8 





8 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

Energy 

 

2020 Highlights 

Indicator 

2020 Actual Performance 

2020 Target 

2021 Target(s) 

Electricity intensity  

• 

Hotel Properties - 

Electricity intensity for the 

hotel properties increased 

by 115% to 

146.27kWh/guest night. 

• 

Investment Properties - 

Electricity intensity for the 

investment properties 

decreased 2.8% to 78.63 

kWh/m2. 

 

Maintain or 

reduce 

electricity 

intensity from 

the baseline 

2017. 

 

Hotel: Not met 

 

Investment 

Properties: Met 

 

Maintain or 

reduce 

electricity 

intensity from 

the baseline 

2017.  









2017 Baseline Levels: 

Hotel Properties: 70.77 kWh/guest night 

Investment Properties: 133.12 kWh/m2 

 

The hospitality industry can be one that has a high energy demand. Providing a good quality service to 

guests include maintaining comfortable temperature in rooms, which often requires heating or cooling, 

and provision of clean linens, which require round the clock laundry operations. Our hotels are in 

operation 24 hours a day, leading to constant lighting in certain areas and facilities such as spas, 

gymnasiums and swimming pools also require an energy source to operate. However, we realise that 

these energy demands could have negative environmental consequences and that the reduction of 

GHG emissions, which are a result of the use of fossil fuels, is high on the agenda of many of the world’s 

governments. Therefore, the Group continues to look for opportunities to play a role in reducing these 

potentially negative impacts through a number of energy reduction initiatives. 

 

Key Highlights 

All our hotels utilise technology to reduce electricity use, such as through setting timers and using 

movement activated sensors. We are in the process of replacing our conventional lighting fixtures with 

new, energy efficient items which consume less electricity. The Properties also focus its attention on 

building energy-friendly habits, such as setting the air conditioners to a fixed temperature and 

switching off outlets which are not in use. 

 

Due to the lower capacity experienced as a result of the pandemic, the overall energy consumption 

was reduced by shutting down facilities that were not in use. Other measures included the revision of 

air conditioning schedules for restaurants, meeting and function rooms, setting higher temperature 

and adjust the air flow for unoccupied rooms and only running the dishwasher and laundry washer 

under full load to optimise the energy resources. 

 

To demonstrate commitment to environmental responsibility, Sheraton Towers Singapore has a Green 

Committee in place to brainstorm and implement initiatives to save energy. During the year, STS has 

installed light sensors in non-guest contact areas in to reduce energy usage.  Monthly energy 

consumption is monitored closely and is reported periodically to management. In 2020, Sheraton 


 

 





9 





9 

Towers Singapore continued to maintain the Green Mark certification by BCA and the "Platinum" 

status in its building energy efficiency.  

 

In Four Points by Sheraton Perth, hotel consultants test for energy efficiency and monitor reports to 

ensure that the Building Management System is running at maximum efficiency. The BMS is aligned to 

the manufacturer’s parameters and industry standards. Associates are continuously educated to adopt 

practices that reduce electricity use. In 2020, we have achieved a NABERS energy rating of 5 stars. 

 

At The Residence Zanzibar, Maldives and Bintan operations, we have implemented a "Switch off 

Something" policy which is communicated to all staff and encourages them to switch off any electrical 

items or outlets not being used as they go about their everyday business. 

 

In Mauritius, we have replaced the lighting fixtures in the swimming pools from halogen bulbs with 

the more energy-efficient LEDs. Furthermore, a photovoltaic solar system has been installed in late 

2020, and we expect to see a decline in diesel usage as a result in the year ahead. 

 

La Maison Arabe has introduced a number of initiatives to contribute to an increase in energy 

efficiency. For instance, housekeepers are requested during daytime to use natural light during room 

cleaning. During winter, the hotel makes use of traditional fireplaces to heat some of the areas of the 

hotel, such as the front desk area. The hotel has also started to replace high energy consumption 

spotlights to lower-demand LEDs to further improve its energy efficiency. 

 

Performance Summary 

Our electricity intensity for the investment properties decreased slightly from 80.93 kWh/m2 to 

78.63kWh/m2 as a result of our continuous energy saving efforts. However, the electricity intensity for 

hotel properties have increased from 67.90 kWh/guest night to 146.27kWh/guest night. This is due to 

the continued use of electricity and air conditioning at common facilities (e.g. hotel lobby, corridors, 

kitchens and guest rooms to prevent mildew) despite a fall in overall guest occupancy. It should be 

noted that the electrical consumption for hotel properties has fallen significantly by 25% to 22.8GWh 

despite the rise in electricity intensity. 

 

 

 

 

Note: Data excludes electricity consumption in tenanted areas at our properties. 

 

 

 

 

81.46

80.93

78.63

2018

2019

2020

Electricity Intensity | Investment Properties

69.96

67.90

146.27

2018

2019

2020

Electricity Intensity | Hotel Properties


 

 





10 





10 

Water 

2020 Highlights 

Indicator 

2020 Actual Performance 

2020 Target 

2021 Target(s) 

Water intensity  

• 

Hotel Properties - Water 

intensity for the hotel 

properties increased to 

3.23 m3/guest night*.  

• 

Investment Properties - 

Water intensity for 

investment properties 

has decreased to 0.84 

m3/m2. 

 

Maintain or 

reduce water 

intensity from 

the baseline 

2017 levels 

 

Hotel: Not met 

 

Investment 

Properties: Met 

 

Maintain or 

reduce water 

intensity from 

the baseline 

2017 levels  









2017 Baseline Levels: 

Hotel Properties: 1.33m3/guest night 

Investment Properties: 0.90m3/m2 

* The increase in water intensity is attributed to higher water consumption arising from enhancement 

works carried out by the Properties. 

Water is another essential resource in the hospitality sector. Water is used by our guests and our 

hotels for washing and cooking and these activities will increase as our occupancy increases. Water is 

a limited resource and can become scarce, particularly at some of our more remote locations. For this 

reason, we strive to use water responsibly in order to reduce the demand from the hotels. 

 

Key Highlights 

All our properties closely monitor their water consumption on a regular basis. Periodic maintenance 

is also conducted in order to identify any potential leaks or overuse as well as to ensure maximum 

performance and efficiency during operations. Management actively monitor metre readings and 

follow up with investigations for any spikes in water usage. At some of our assets, there are daily 

walkthroughs to ensure that there are no water leakages from bathroom fittings. Likewise, water 

pressure is monitored to identify irregularities that could indicate a leak. 

 

As a result of a lower guest occupancy due to COVID-19, we have sought to reduce overall water 

consumption by shutting off some facilities on our properties. Other measures include applying water 

efficient appliances in washrooms, guest bathrooms and kitchens and only running dishwashers and 

laundry washers under full load to minimise water wastage. 

 

At Sheraton Towers Singapore, a variety of methods have been introduced to reduce water usage, 

such as the provision of eco-friendly washer and dry cleaner laundry services to hotel guests. We will 

be completing the installation of an ecoDigester System in early 2021 to convert 350kg of food waste 

every 24 hours to recycled water for system back wash. 

 

Le Maison Arabe continues to take responsibility in regulating its water use in a sustainable manner. 

The hotel has recently replaced old laundry machines with newer ones which are less water-intensive. 

Watering the gardens is restricted to evenings and early mornings to reduce water loss through 

evaporation. Staff are required to perform daily checks on hotel rooms to ensure that there are no 

water leakages from bathroom fittings. Water pressure is also monitored to identify irregularities that 

may indicate a leak. 

 


 

 





11 





11 

The Residence Mauritius is currently using sewer treatment plant-processed and treated water for its 

irrigation system. Rainwater is collected in this system and is used for irrigation as well. The 

introduction of this system will enable us to reduce reliance on public utilities. Efforts are also made 

to reduce water consumption by all our stakeholders. Staff and visitors are requested not to run taps 

unnecessarily. We place tent cards in guest rooms to ask guests to be conservative with their water 

use. 

 

 

Performance Summary 

Water intensity for investment properties has decreased from 0.91m3/m2 to 0.84m3/m2 in the same 

period. However, the water intensity for hotel properties risen significantly from 1.43m3/m2 to 

3.23m3/m2 per guest night for FY2020. The increased intensity was due to additional cleaning effort to 

sanitise the checked-out guest rooms, associates’ uniform, and used bed and bath linens.  The hotels 

also conduct regular maintenance programme to wipe down the public area, restaurants and un-used 

guestrooms to prevent mildew. However, we have experienced a 21% reduction in water consumption 

for hotel properties to 503,146m3. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

0.90

0.91

0.84

2018

2019

2020

Water Intensity | Investment Properties

1.33

1.43

3.23

2018

2019

2020

Water Intensity | Hotel Properties


 

 





12 





12 

SOCIAL 

 

Health, Safety and Welfare 

 

2020 Highlights 

Indicator 

2020 Actual 

Performance 

2020 Target 

2021 Target(s) 

Percentage of eligible 

staff receiving health 

and safety training  

• 100% of eligible1 staff 

receiving health and 

safety training 

 Achieved -  

100% of eligible 

staff has received or 

is scheduled to 

complete health 

and safety training 

 100% of eligible 

staff to continue to 

receive health and 

safety training 









 

The health, safety, and welfare of both our staff, guests and tenants remain our utmost priority, 

especially during this challenging period. We have a responsibility to ensure the well-being of those 

who stay or work in our Properties in order to provide a safe and positive experience. 

 

Over the year, we have reviewed our existing processes and introduced new protocols to address the 

risks posed by the pandemic. The measures that we have rolled out are in line with best practices and 

government health guidelines.  

 

During the year, Sheraton Towers Singapore has been audited and certified as a SG Clean Hotel, a 

quality mark which demonstrates commitment to the highest level of hygiene and sanitation practices. 

Four Points Perth was identified as a Quarantine hotel for individuals entering Western Australia. 

 

Health, safety and welfare of our staff 

In the course of our work as hotel operators, there are some occasions where our employees may be 

at risk of injury. Higher risk areas include employees in the kitchens and restaurants, maintenance and 

cleaning. Although serious injuries are rare, we do all we can to ensure our employees are safe and 

remain healthy in their places of work. 

 

In addition to these practices, we also implemented a number of in-house awareness training briefings. 

Employees will attend a new joiner orientation where new staff are introduced to work at our various 

locations. These orientations are tailored to the location as well as the new staff’s role and will include 

instructions on how to stay safe in their role and the risks they need to look out for. The hotels provide 

a range of health and safety training across key topics such as usage of fire safety, hygiene, CPR and 

AED familiarity, and COVID-19 measures. These trainings are mandatory for all staff. 

 

 

 


 

 





13 





13 

During this time of pandemic, Sheraton Towers Singapore reinforces the notion that the health of our 

guests and associates are a key priority by emphasising formal guidelines towards safeguarding our 

stakeholders. Depending on the extent and/or type of interaction with guests, our associates have 

been augmented with adequate and suitable personal protective equipment (not limited to N95 

respirators, surgical masks, surgical gowns, and eye protection). Sheraton also seeks for perfection in 

sanitising and has requested a professional company to sanitise common areas such as guest transit 

locations and COVID-19 swabbing/serology testing sites in addition to the usual guestrooms. 

 

While coping with the safety guidelines and distancing measures are the upmost importance in our 

operations. We are mindful of the impact of this profound changes and disruptions in our daily 

routines affecting the emotional wellbeing of our associates.  At Sheraton Towers Singapore, we are 

regularly communicating to align our associates with current government’s policies and our business 

continuity plans to help them remain engaged as we navigate through the crisis.  Our Human Resource 

department is also continuing with staff recognition programmes to recognise associates’ good 

performance and contribution, and more training will be provided to enhance their skills to minimise 

the fear of job insecurity. 

 

In some locations, such as Mauritius, we have Health and Safety officers who ensure our compliance 

with the OSHA Act and reports on performance are sent to the relevant government ministry. We also 

have a Health and Safety committee who meet every two months to update the teams on performance 

and review policies and practices. In Tunis, we have a nurse present every day, and a work doctor who 

comes three times a week. These personnel are hired solely for the monitoring and control of staff 

health. 

 

At Sheraton Towers Singapore Hotel, an annual Table Top Exercise for Crisis Management under the 

Marriott International Standard and a security and safety audit from the Singapore Authority and 

Marriott International are held. The Sheraton Towers Singapore Hotel management team is also a 

member of the neighbourhood watch guard in collaboration with the Police Force. 

 

Demonstrating our commitment to the safety of our staff, we have health and safety champions at 

relevant locations. This champion is responsible for putting into place any safety precautions that 

might be necessary. Their role also includes the collection of data and information on health and safety 

and reporting this to the general manager of the hotel. 

 

Guests and visitors health and safety 

With thousands of guests and visitors passing through our hotels and properties over the year, we 

have a responsibility to safeguard their safety during their time with us. The experience of our guests 

and visitors is paramount to us and this includes allowing them to feel safe and relaxed in order to fully 

enjoy their visit. 

 

Since the World Health Organisation declared the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic in March 

2020,our hotels and resorts have started to implement new cleaning and sanitisation protocols with 

hospital-grade disinfectants, installed hand-sanitising stations and plexiglass barriers at our front desks, 

and encouraged guests and staff to wear face masks and adhere to social distancing measures.  

 

At Sheraton Towers Singapore, we have implemented SafeEntry QR code, Identity Card and token 

scanners with temperature readers at various entry points to track potential risk exposure faced by 

our guests or associates in order to assist in government contact tracing efforts.   

 

Other initiatives include: 


 

 





14 





14 

 

Cleaning high touch points such as remote controls, bedside control panels, telephones and 

surfaces 

 

Guests’ usage of Gym and Pool are controlled and managed according to the social distancing 

guidelines. Gym equipment are wipe down by the attendant after each use. 

 

Hosting banquet events are in line with Social Management Measures including crowd controls 

and seating limits per table. 

 

Conducting regular maintenance programme to wipe down the public area, restaurants and 

unoccupied guestrooms to prevent mildew. 

 

There are several aspects of our hotel operations where we specifically focus on the health and safety 

of our guests and visitors. These include food safety and general safety in the rooms, shared areas, 

pools, spas and golf courses. In the kitchens, our chefs and employees have strict systems in place 

which prevent the serving of unsafe food. Regular checks on the freshness of the food are carried out, 

both when supplies arrive at the restaurants as well as on a daily basis. Some initiatives include having 

dedicated sets of cutting boards, knives and other utensils to avoid cross contamination and labelling 

of food to track use-by-dates to prevent food becoming out of date. We purchase food items regularly 

and are careful to avoid over-ordering to avoid waste and ensure the ultimate freshness in food served. 

Kitchen staff are trained in food hygiene, either using international standards, such as Hazard Analysis 

and Critical Control Points (HACCP) or by medical and hygiene professionals. Relevant government 

departments in each location will carry out inspections as per their relevant mandatory schedules. 

Halal certifications are also obtained where necessary to provide reassurance to our Muslim guests. 

 

We receive audits from various authorities and agencies to address both occupational and guest safety 

where appropriate. For example, at Sheraton Towers Singapore Hotel, these include an annual audit 

from Marriott on the Hotel’s safety for guests and associates, an annual SHA/SPF/NCPC Hotel Security 

Audit, an annual SCDF Fire Safety Audit, a quarterly peer audit by sister hotels and an annual audit 

from Marriott on Food Hygiene. A Fire Safety and Security Committee Meeting sits every month. 

 

 

 

 


 

 





15 





15 

Talent Development 

2020 Highlights 

Indicator 

2020 Actual 

Performance 

2020 Target 

2021 Target(s) 

• % eligible staff 

receiving 

performance 

appraisals 

• 100% eligible staff 

received performance 

appraisals 

 

Achieved 

-  

100% eligible* staff 

receive performance 

appraisals 

 

100% eligible staff 

receive 

performance 

appraisals 









 

Our staff are imperative to the success of our operations. As a guest-centric business, it is key that our 

staff are well trained and highly skilled to meet and even surpass the expectations of our hotel guests. 

For this reason, we place heavy emphasis on our staffs’ development in knowledge and skills and 

proactively seek learning opportunities on their behalf. 

 

Training and education 

2020 posed new challenges for our staff with the onset of Covid-19. The pandemic reaffirmed our 

commitment in ensuring our staff possess the required access and opportunity in training and 

development. Staff were provided resources to upgrade their professional skills via eLearning, cross 

division On-The-Job training and additional training comprising of safe working procedures and proper 

utilisation of personal protective equipment.  

 

For hotel operations, staff with diverse skillsets and experience are a necessity, including chefs, 

technicians, receptionists, and housekeeping staff. Training are tailored for staffs’ learning progress 

which ranges from requiring specialised training in niche fields (e.g. cooking and food hygiene) to more 

general areas such as Work, Health, Safety (WHS) training and Basic Fire Awareness. Staff satisfaction 

in their career is also a key priority for us which is addressed at least annually during the performance 

appraisal which pertains to all eligible staff. Staff will be informed of their performance against 

expectations, checked with if there are gaps in their knowledge, and asked if there exist avenues that 

they wish to venture into to advance in their career. 

 

Style of training varies based on suitability of the information to be taught which can range from on-

the-job training for knowledge that requires more experiential learning to online training for more 

passive awareness.  

 

Online training has been included by our Maldives hotel to boost the level of knowledge and skills for 

employees while reducing exposure risks to the pandemic. Cross-training is also conducted for the 

purposes of upgrading skills and to improve the quality of operations. 

 

The Residence Mauritius places special emphasis on the development of high performers by 

introducing a Talent Management Programme where these individuals may receive a promotion upon 

completion 6 to 9 months of additional training. Staff from the property also benefit from a balance 

of in-house training and sponsored external courses. 

 

Four Points by Sheraton Perth and Sheraton Towers Singapore Hotel utilise an online platform, 

myLearning, via the Marriott L&amp;D portal to provide deeper insights to staff such as risk management 

training and harassment prevention practices. Sheraton Towers Singapore Hotel takes this a step 

further by encouraging associates to explore a multitude of courses under the Singapore Workforce 

Skills Qualification not limited to English mastery, computer classes and business writing skills. Cross-

department training and opportunities are also present across all locations for potential vertical and 

horizontal development. Sheraton Towers Singapore Hotel is also venturing more into career 


 

 





16 





16 

development and aims to provide opportunities to develop operation managers to succeed as 

business managers by keeping them engaged with information on business development, strategies 

and performance. With regards to Four Points Hotel, improvements have been made to their 

onboarding process which now includes monthly meetings to keep new starters on track and 

motivated. 

 

Diversity and equal opportunity 

We do not condone any discrimination in our workforce, and it is heavily emphasised that all staff be 

treated fairly, regardless of age, race, gender or religion. This applies to all aspects of our human 

resources from recruitment to promotion to retirement. Our employee handbooks include our 

position of equal opportunities. The Sheraton Towers Singapore Hotel falls under the Singapore 

Tripartite Alliance while we align with the principles from the National Workers Union and comply with 

Employment Rights Act in Mauritius. 

 

 

 

 


 

 





17 





17 

GOVERNANCE 

 

Regulatory Compliance 

 

2020 Highlights 

As a responsible corporate citizen, we strive to have a zero-tolerance policy towards any non-

compliance with relevant laws and regulations. We hold ourselves to high standards in this area and 

we have a number of polices in place to avoid inappropriate conduct that can lead to the loss of 

stakeholder trust as well as the loss of operating licenses. We constantly review our existing policies 

and frameworks to ensure that we are in compliance with the applicable regulations and standards. 

 

We are pleased to note that there were zero incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations 

relating to corruption, marketing communications, and social and economic issues that have resulted 

in significant fines or non-monetary sanctions. This includes any non-compliances to COVID-19 rules 

and guidelines. We will continue to maintain this standard for the upcoming year. 

 

The main areas which we concentrate our governance efforts are around anti-corruption and 

marketing and labelling. 

 

Anti-corruption 

Corruption can be a concern in some of our locations of operations and in the real estate and 

hospitality industry. We are mindful of these risks and thus have prepared policies and procedures to 

avoid these issues, which, but is not limited to, areas of: 

 

 

Anti-corruption; 

 

Anti-fraud; 

 

Conflict of interest; 

 

Whistle blowing; and  

 

Anti-bribery. 

 

These policies are made known to all our staff and we conduct trainings and briefings to be sure staff 

are aware of how they are expected to behave as well as what activities may constitute a breach of 

the law. Corporate level staff are also required to make self-declarations each year to keep 

management up to date and increase awareness amongst the staff.  

 

Marketing and labelling 

As a hotel owner and operator, the success of our business is heavily dependent on advertising. We 

are careful to ensure that our advertising is fair, true and transparent to avoid misleading our guests. 

Any breach of marketing and labelling standards can lead a loss of confidence from our guests. In 

Singapore, we adhere closely to the relevant rules and regulations, such as the Singapore Advertising 

Standards. We aim to continue to comply with all applicable requirements established by the relevant 

bodies. 

 

Corporate compliance 

Other laws and regulations that are relevant to us include SGX listing rules, MAS laws and regulations 

and regulations under the Personal Data Protection Act. Management keeps a close eye on activities 

around these issues and policies such as our Corporate Code of Conduct mean that staff are aware of 

expectations upon them. In addition, management level staff complete an annual self-declaration that 

covers areas such as conflicts of interest and independence. 

 


 

 





18 





18 

We reviewed our regulatory risks as part of the management risk assessment process in 2020 and 

have achieved the 2020 target. We will continue to conduct reviews in the coming 12 months. 

