
 

 





1 



 





 



BONVESTS HOLDINGS 

LIMITED 

Sustainability Report 

For the year ended 31 December 2017 

 

 

 


 





2 





2 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

The Board presents our first Sustainability Report. As the Board of Directors (the “Board”), for 

Bonvests Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) we recognise the importance of 

sustainable business growth to both strengthen our industry position and deliver benefits to 

our shareholders, employees and other stakeholders. The Board oversees the direction of 

sustainability within the Group as well as the management of sustainability related 

performance and development of the sustainability report.  

 

The Board has been involved in determining the material Environmental, Social and 

Governance (ESG) factors for the Group. These ESG factors were determined via a materiality 

assessment that was conducted to identify where to concentrate our sustainability efforts in 

high impact areas which support our business strategy. In addition, we have overseen the 

management of our impacts in these areas as well as our performance and targets for the 

upcoming year. 

 

Our Sustainability Report is aligned to the new sustainability reporting regulatory requirements 

set by Singapore Exchange (SGX); SGX-ST Listing Rules 711A and 711B and references the GRI 

Standards (2016). 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY AT BONVESTS HOLDINGS 

 

As 2017 was the International Year of Sustainable Tourism, as proclaimed by the United 

Nations, sustainability in the hospitality sector enjoyed a higher profile than usual and the 

hospitality sector is one that is closely entwined with numerous ESG issues. Environmental 

concerns such as energy and water use due to demands from hotel facilities and biodiversity 

concerns in locations with sensitive ecosystems as well as employee and guest wellbeing has 

long been at the top of the Group’s priorities. Concerns over these factors have been growing 

due to an increase in awareness from various stakeholder groups over the last few years. More 

and more hotel guests are expecting destination hotels to be aware of and to mitigate their 

negative impacts and investors are seeing the linkages between good sustainability 

management and good business governance.  

 

Our guest experience is of paramount importance to us and we believe that it is possible to 

operate responsibly, without sacrificing any guest or employee comfort. In fact we believe that 

the changing landscape allows us to leverage off sustainability efforts to create better 

experiences.  

 

Over the last year, the Group has worked towards formalising and standardising our approach 

to these key concerns through a number of new initiatives. These initiatives include 

formulating a sustainability steering committee and task force as well as conducting a 

materiality assessment that has enabled us to determine our most material ESG factors. We 

have a number of practices in place that help us to better manage our operational impacts and 

we invest in our diverse range of talent though training and career development. We look 

forward to continuing on our sustainability journey in the coming years. 

 


 





3 





3 

WHO WE ARE  

 

The Group has been established as an experienced player in the property industry for more 

than 30 years. The Group’s three core businesses are hotel ownership and management, 

property development and investment, and waste management and contract cleaning of 

buildings. Bonvests has hotel assets in Tunisia, Zanzibar, Mauritius, Maldives and Bintan, 

Indonesia under The Residence by Cenzario brand, Sheraton Towers Singapore Hotel and Four 

Points by Sheraton Perth, Australia. The Group’s commercial real estate portfolio comprises 

business-related office and retail space in Singapore, Australia and Tunisia. We take pride in 

managing our diverse property portfolio to enhance the experience of our building tenants and 

visitors. With a strong foundation, the Group will remain committed to seeking quality projects 

and opportunities to develop them with innovative solutions. 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

Reporting Scope 

 

Although we practice sustainability throughout our business, the performance data in our first 

sustainability report encompasses operations that are most material for the Group. The 

performance data in our first sustainability report encompasses our investment property and 

hotels namely Liat Towers, Singapore and The Residence Tunis, The Residence Mauritius, The 

Residence Zanzibar, The Residence Maldives, Sheraton Towers Singapore and Four Points by 

Sheraton Perth. Our newly operational Bintan hotel, The Residence Bintan will be included 

once it has reached a full year of operation. 

 

 

Reporting Standard 

 

Our sustainability report is in line with the recently introduced Singapore Exchange (SGX) 

sustainability reporting listing requirements and references the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 

standards (2016).  

 

 

Feedback 

 

The Group welcomes all feedback to help us improve our sustainability practices. Please send 

your questions or feedback to investorrelations@bonvests.com.sg.   

 

 


 





4 





4 

ASSESSING MATERIALITY 

 

Engaging with Our Stakeholders 

 

We engage with our stakeholders through both formal and informal channels. Some of our key 

stakeholders are our customers, tenants, shareholders, business partners and employees. We 

engage in two way feedback at meetings and our annual AGM and via surveys such as 

customer/guest satisfaction surveys. This regular engagement allows us to stay abreast of 

stakeholders concerns and priorities, in order to address issues and to continue to operate a 

sustainable business. We are also able to determine some of the key areas in regards to 

Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) issues for our stakeholders from these 

interactions. 

 

Materiality Assessment  

 

It is important to focus our sustainability efforts in areas where we can have the most impact. 

This means that we need to identify the ESG factors that our stakeholders are most concerned 

about and those that most impact our business as well as those that are most impacted by our 

business. We carried out a materiality assessment, with the help from an external consultant, 

for the first time in 2017, which allowed us to identify our most material ESG factors. These 

factors are the focus areas around which we have begun build a framework and formalise 

existing practices. They are also the factors covered in this report.  

The materiality assessment began with a look at recent trends in the real estate and hospitality 

sector as well as a consideration of key issues and concerns in the countries in which we 

operate. We used feedback from our stakeholders to identify a list of potentially material ESG 

factors. We then prioritised these factors in an internal stakeholder workshop, which involved 

key employees and management from across our business operations. Prioritised factors were 

validated by the Audit Committee and Board.  

Our six material ESG factors are listed below. We include details on all our factors in this report, 

except for 1. Economic performance, for which you can find details in our 2017 Annual Report. 

 

Material Factors for the Group: 

Economic 

Environmental  

Social 

Governance 

1 Economic 

Performance 

 

2 Energy  

3 Water 

4 Health, Safety 

and Welfare 

5 Talent 

development  

6 Regulatory 

compliance  

 

 


 





5 





5 

ENERGY  

 

2017 Highlights 

Indicator 

Performance 

Target(s) 

• Electricity 

consumption 

• Electricity intensity  

• 

Electricity consumption 

increased 1% to 25,377,281 

kWh.  

• 

Hotel Properties - Electricity 

intensity for the hotel 

properties decreased slightly to 

56.06 kWh/guest night.  

• 

Investment Properties - 

Electricity intensity for the 

investment properties 

decreased 12% to 133.12 

kWh/m2. 

 Maintain 

or 

reduce 

electricity 

intensity 

from 

the 

baseline 

2016. 

 

 

The hospitality industry can be one that has a high energy demand. Providing a good quality 

service to guests includes maintaining a comfortable temperature in rooms, which often 

requires heating or cooling, and provision of clean linens, which require round the clock 

laundry operations. Our hotels are in operation 24 hours a day leading to constant lighting in 

certain areas and facilities such as spas, gymnasiums and swimming pools also require an 

energy source to operate. However, we realise that these energy demands could have negative 

environmental consequences and that the reduction of GHG emissions, which are a result of 

the use of fossil fuels, is high on the agenda of many of the world’s governments. Therefore, 

the Group continues to look for opportunities to play a role in reducing these potentially 

negative impacts through a number of energy reduction initiatives.  

 

All our hotels make use of technology to reduce electricity use, such as through setting timers 

and using movement activated sensors. We are also striving to replace halogen spotlights to 

lower-demand LED spotlights and we set the air conditioners as standard to a comfortable 

temperature of around 24 degrees Celsius. Where we can, we replace older equipment with 

newer, more energy efficient items which consume less electricity. 

 

Over the last 12 month, The Residence Tunis has invested in a Tri-generation system which 

uses a fuel source to produce heating, cooling and electricity at a much higher level of 

efficiency. At The Residence Maldives, heat produced as a by-product of our air conditioners is 

used to heat water. At The Residence Zanzibar and The Residence Maldives operation, we have 

a "Switch off Something" policy which is communicated to all staff and encourages them to 

switch off any electrical items or outlets not being used as they go about their everyday 

business. We have invested in hotel consultants at our Green Mark certified Sheraton Towers 

Singapore Hotel to test the efficiency and effectiveness of our BMS system and in Liat Towers, 

we are currently undergoing a chiller replacement to improve their operational performance. 

This new installation is part of our push to achieve Green Mark certification for Liat Towers.  

 


 





6 





6 

Case Study: Sheraton Towers Singapore Hotel was awarded the Green Mark Platinum Certificate 

in 2015 

 

Sheraton Towers Singapore Hotel participated in the Green Mark project scheme initiated by 

the Singapore Government to renew its aged equipment to achieve better energy efficiency. 

The key components of this scheme in which we took part were: 

o 

Renewal of the Chiller System 

o 

Installation of LED Lights for all common area 

o 

Heat pump installation to reduce the use of the boiler for guestroom’s hot water supply 

o 

Continuous replacement of operating equipment for dishwashing, laundry and kitchen 

activities with newer, more efficient items. 

 

In addition we implemented daily electricity, gas and diesel meter recording and to detect any 

abnormalities in energy consumption. The monthly utility report is prepared and reviewed by 

the Chief Engineer to compare and contrast the consumption over time. Energy usage reports 

are also part of the quarterly profit and loss meeting to review the consumption with the key 

management personnel. Finally, an annual submission on Energy consumption is made to the 

Building Construction Authority and Marriott International. 

 

We encourage our guests to participate in energy reduction by leaving a “Green Card” in the 

rooms and giving them the option to not have their linens changed each day and the lighting 

and air conditioners in most of our hotels are operated by a key card, reducing the energy 

consumption of unoccupied rooms. In Mauritius we have launched a “Green Engage” initiative 

to engage our guests, staff and community. Our security teams are also asked to look out for 

and report any lights in unoccupied areas. 

 

We have seen a 1% increase in electricity consumption from 25,046,504 kWh in 2016 to 

25,377,281 kWh in 2017. Our electricity intensity for the hotel properties decreased slightly 

from 56.73 kWh/guest night to 56.06 kWh/guest night in the same time period. At our 

investment properties, electricity intensity decreased from 151.97 kWh/m2 to 133.12 kWh/m2 

as a result of our energy saving initiatives. 

 

 

 

 

 -

 5,000,000

 10,000,000

 15,000,000

 20,000,000

 25,000,000

 30,000,000

2016

2017

Electricity consumption (kwh)


 





7 





7 

 

 

Note: Data excludes electricity consumption in tenanted areas at our properties. 

 

WATER 

2017 Highlights 

Indicator 

Performance 

Target(s) 

• 

Water consumption 

• 

Water intensity  

• 

Water consumption decreased 

by 4% to 489,725 m3. 

• 

Hotel 

Properties 

- 

Water 

intensity 

for 

the 

hotel 

properties decreased to 1.15 

m3/guest night.  

• 

Investment Properties - Water 

intensity 

for 

investment 

properties increased slightly to 

1.17 m3/m2. 

 Maintain or reduce 

water intensity from 

the 

baseline 

2016 

levels 

 

Water is another essential resource in regard to the hospitality sector. Water is used by our 

guests and our hotels for washing and cooking and these activities will increase as our 

occupancy increases. Water is a limited resource and can become scarce, particularly at some 

of our more remote locations. For this reason, we aim for a responsible use of water to reduce 

the demand from the hotels. 

 

Improved maintenance has been a focus this year, to prevent loss of water through pipe leaks. 

At The Residence Tunis, we have made pipeline improvements over the last 12 months to 

reduce leaks and at The Residence Maldives maintenance work has reduced water pressure, 

and therefore consumption, with no loss of guest comfort.  

 

We have looked for opportunities to increase water efficiency in our fixtures and fittings with 

all toilet taps at Liat Towers being replaced with self-closing taps to meet PUB standards on 

water fittings. Our hotels either have, or are in the planning stages of installing, sewage 

treatment plants, from which reclaimed water is used in irrigations. Watering the gardens is 

restricted to evenings and early mornings to reduce water loss through evaporation. Some of 

our more remote hotels also make use of desalination technology to provide water for 

0.00

50.00

100.00

150.00

200.00

2016

2017

Investment Properties

- Electricity intensity  

(per floor area)

0.00

20.00

40.00

60.00

2016

2017

Hotel Properties

- Electricity intensity 

(per guest night)


 





8 





8 

bathrooms and kitchens. At The Residence Maldives, plans are underway for a rainwater 

harvesting system to reduce reliance on public utilities. 

 

The advantages gained through these refurbishments are maintained through better 

management efforts where hotels monitor meter readings and check for spikes in water usage 

and follow up with investigations on why this might be. At some of our assets there are daily 

walkthroughs to ensure no water leakages from bathroom fittings and water pressure is 

monitored to identify irregularities that could indicate a leak. Staff and visitors are requested 

not to run taps unnecessarily. In The Residence Mauritius, where water is precious, we place 

tent cards in rooms to ask guests to be conservative with their water use. In addition, we have 

commissioned a water audit to be conducted at Four Points by Sheraton Perth in 2018 to 

identify where water consumption can be further reduced. 

 

Water consumption decreased by 4% from 508,556 m3 in 2016 to 489,725 m3 in 2017. Water 

intensity for the hotel properties decreased from 1.25 m3/guest night to 1.15 m3/guest night. 

At investment properties, water intensity increased slightly from 1.15 m3/m2 to 1.17 m3/m2 in 

the same period. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 -

 100,000

 200,000

 300,000

 400,000

 500,000

 600,000

FY2016

FY2017

Water consumption (m3)

1.15

1.17

0.00

0.50

1.00

1.50

2016

2017

Investment Properties

- Water intensity 

(per floor area)

1.25

1.15

0.00

0.50

1.00

1.50

2016

2017

Hotel Properties

- Water intensity 

(per guest night)


 





9 





9 

Other environmental efforts 

 

Some of our hotel assets are in ecologically diverse and fragile areas and we do what we can 

to protect these areas. At The Residence Zanzibar we compost our garden and food waste in 

order to both cut down on waste being sent to landfill and incineration and to provide rich 

fertilizer for our gardens. We grow many of our own vegetables using this compost, which are 

in turn served to our guests. In addition to reducing organic waste, we are working on tackling 

plastic waste and we are working to eliminate plastics from the guest rooms and the rest of 

the hotel where possible. We ask guests not to feed the local Red Colobus and Black Monkeys 

as this can disrupt their natural feeding patterns. We recycle as much of the rest of the waste 

that we can and we close the loop by purchasing recycled paper for use in the office.  Also at 

The Residence Zanzibar, we believe in supporting the local economy and so we choose local 

and organic food suppliers, where possible. In Mauritius, we have recycling programs in place 

and left-over food is donated to local farms. These operations are also looking into a 

composting program. 

 

HEALTH, SAFETY AND WELFARE 

 

2017 Highlights 

Indicator 

Performance 

Target(s) 

• Percentage of eligible 

staff receiving health 

and safety training  

• 100% of eligible1 staff 

receiving health and safety 

training 

 100% of eligible1 staff to 

continue to receive health and 

safety training 

 

Health, safety and welfare of our staff 

In the course of our work as hotel operators, there are some occasions where our employees 

may be at risk of injury. Higher risk areas include employees in the kitchens and restaurants, 

maintenance and cleaning. Although serious injuries are rare, we do all we can to ensure our 

employees are safe and remain healthy in their places of work. 

 

In order for employees to remain safe and healthy, we have a number of initiatives in place. 

One of which is our health and safety practices in place at each of our hotels. These practices 

cover the health and safety of our employees when they are on site and include rules, tips, 

processes and procedures for staying safe and reporting incidents. These practices are made 

available to staff in the employee handbooks, where relevant. In addition, posters and signage 

is in place in areas where staff may need extra reminders or warnings of hazards and concerns 

as well as when required by law. In some locations, such as Mauritius, we have Health and 

Safety officers who ensure our compliance with the OSHA Act and reports on performance are 

sent to the relevant government ministry. We also have a Health and Safety committee who 

meet every three months to update the teams on performance and review policies and 

practices. 

 

 

1 Eligible staff range from hotel to hotel, depending on the needs of each location. 


 





10 





10 

In addition to these practices, we also implement a number of in-house awareness training 

briefings. Employees will attend a new joiner orientation where new staff are introduced to 

work at our various locations, these orientations are tailored to the location as well as the new 

staff’s role and will include instructions on how to stay safe in their role and what risks they 

need to look out for. For longer serving staff members, courses are made available where 

relevant. These courses include instruction on operating certain machinery and equipment 

safely, fire safety, first aid and any other courses that may be mandated or considered 

appropriate. At Sheraton Towers Singapore Hotel, an annual Table Top Exercise for Crisis 

Management under the Marriott International Standard and a security and safety audit from 

the Singapore Authority and Marriott International are held. The Sheraton Towers Singapore 

Hotel management team is also a member of the neighbourhood watchguard in collaboration 

with the Police Force. 

 

Demonstrating our commitment to the safety of our staff, we have health and safety 

champions at relevant locations. This champion is responsible for putting into place any safety 

precautions that might be necessary.  Their role also includes the collection of data and 

information on health and safety and reporting this to the general manager of the hotel.   

 

 

Guest and tenant health and safety 

With hundreds of guests and visitors passing through our hotels and properties over the year, 

we have a responsibility to safeguard their safety during their time with us. The experience of 

our guests and visitors is paramount to us and this includes allowing them to feel safe and 

relaxed in order to fully enjoy their visit.  

 

There are several aspects of our hotel operations where we specifically focus on the health and 

safety of our customers. These include food safety and general safety in the rooms, shared 

areas, pools, spas and golf courses. In the kitchens, our chefs and employees have strict 

systems in place which prevent the serving of unsafe food. Regular checks on the freshness of 

the food are carried out, both when supplies arrive at the restaurants as well as on a daily basis. 

Some initiatives include having dedicated sets of cutting boards, knives and other utensils to 

avoid cross contamination and labelling of food to track use-by-dates to prevent food 

becoming out of date. We purchase food items regularly and are careful to avoid over-ordering 

to avoid waste and ensure the ultimate freshness in food served. Kitchen staff are trained in 

food hygiene, either using international standards, such as Hazard Analysis and Critical Control 

Points (HACCP) or by medical and hygiene professionals. Relevant government departments in 

each location will carry out inspections as per their relevant mandatory schedules. Halal 

certification is also obtained where necessary to provide reassurance to our Muslim guests. 

 

The facilities at our hotels come under the guardianship of our general managers and security 

teams who conduct formal and informal risk assessments from the perspective of our guests. 

They check for major hazards such as elevator malfunctions through to minor issues like trip 

hazards and we aim to address any issues as soon as possible. Our regular fire and emergency 

drills also safeguard the safety of our guests and at some of our more remote, beach side 

locations we employ and train life guards to watch over water-based activities and have in-

house doctors or nurses. Some of our hotels are remote enough to warrant in house 

emergency teams who are trained in fire and tsunami evacuations as well as the use of 


 





11 





11 

specialist firefighting equipment, which is also provided and maintained by our staff. 

Emergency manuals are drawn up and check lists are in place for regular monitoring. We also 

have satellite communication equipment in some locations in case of emergencies. 

 

We receive audits from various authorities and agencies to address both occupational and 

guest safety where appropriate. For example, At Sheraton Towers Singapore Hotel, these 

include an annual audit from Marriott on the Hotel’s safety for guest and associates, an annual 

SHA/SPF/NCPC Hotel Security Audit, an annual SCDF Fire Safety Audit, a quarterly peer audit 

by sister hotels and an annual audit from Marriott on Food Hygiene. A Fire Safety and Security 

Committee Meeting sits every month. 

 

TALENT DEVELOPMENT 

2017 Highlights 

Indicator 

Performance 

Target(s) 

• % eligible staff receiving 

performance appraisals 

• 100% 

eligible 

staff 

received 

performance 

appraisals 

 100% eligible staff receive 

performance appraisals 

 

Our staff are extremely important to the success of our operations. As a customer focused 

business, well trained, highly skilled staff are essential for giving our hotel guests the 

experience that they expect from us. For this reason, we invest in our staff in order for them 

to be equipped with the knowledge and skills they need as well as to retain the talent most 

important to us. 

 

Training and education 

We employ staff with a large range of skills and experience, from technicians, to chefs, and 

receptionists to housekeeping staff. Staff range from needing specific technical training and 

updates to straightforward in-house on-the-job training. However, wherever they may be in 

this range we are passionate about ensuring they have access to the training and development 

they need to do their job well and feel satisfied in their roles. In order to do this, all eligible 

staff will receive an annual performance appraisal that will serve to both inform them of how 

they are performing against expectations as well as identify any gaps in their knowledge or 

what may be needed to allow them to progress within the organisation. These performance 

appraisals will enable staff to feedback to management on where they may like to improve 

their own performance and which trainings may help them to do so. 

 

Training provided for our staff ranges from on the job, in house training to external leadership 

skills development. In our Maldives hotel, we bring in external trainers two or three time a year 

to upskill our leadership team and provide quality service training to our service staff and at 

The Residence Zanzibar, we have a dedicated training manager who organises hospitality 

service training, professional training and even English lessons to ensure that we maintain our 

high standards of service. We seek outside advice and assurance of the level of our service 

through the Leading Quality Standards (LQA). Our Mauritius team also benefits from in house 

training and staff are sponsored to attend external courses where relevant. In addition in this 

location, we accept trainees from the national hotel school for practical training.  At Sheraton 


 





12 





12 

Towers Singapore Hotel and Four Points by Sheraton Perth we provide Sheraton Core 

Knowledge Training for new hires and we have an HR Policy and Procedure under our Human 

Resource Development and HR Training Plan as well as an On-Job-Training Manual. We 

encourage associates to take courses such as English language, computer classes and business 

writing skills under the Singapore Workforce Skills Qualification (WSQ), for Sheraton Towers 

Singapore Hotel, to enhance capabilities and develop our staff. Across all our locations, we 

provide cross-department training and opportunities for sideways and upwards development. 

 

Diversity and equal opportunity 

We do not tolerate discrimination in our work-force and we require all staff to be treated fairly, 

regardless of age, race, gender or religion. This applies to all aspects of our human resources 

from recruitment to promotion to retirement. Our employee handbooks include our position 

of equal opportunities. The Sheraton Towers Singapore Hotel falls under the Singapore 

Tripartite Alliance and in Mauritius we align with the principles from the National Workers 

Union.    

 

 

REGULATORY COMPLIANCE 

 

2017 Highlights 

As a responsible corporate citizen, we have a zero tolerance policy towards non-compliance 

with relevant laws and regulations. We hold ourselves to high standards in this area and we 

have a number of polices in place to avoid inappropriate conduct that can lead to the loss of 

stakeholder trust as well as the loss of operating licenses.  

 

The main areas which we concentrate our governance efforts are around anti-corruption and 

marketing and labelling. 

 

Anti-corruption 

 

Corruption can be a concern in some of our locations of operations and in the real estate and 

hospitality industry. We are mindful of these risks and so have prepared policies and 

procedures to avoid these issues. We have a corporate anti-corruption and anti-fraud policy as 

well as a whistle blowing policy and anti-bribe policies. These policies are made known to all 

our staff and we conduct trainings and briefings to be sure staff are aware of how they are 

expected to behave as well as what activities may constitute a breach of the law. Corporate 

level staff are also required to make self-declarations each year to keep management up to 

date and increase awareness amongst the staff.  

 

Marketing and labelling 

 

As a hotel owner and operator, the success of our business is heavily dependent on advertising. 

We are careful to ensure that our advertising is fair, true and transparent to avoid mis-leading 

our guests. This is not only to ensure compliance with relevant advertising standards and laws, 

but also avoid disappointed guests whose expectations we are eager to fulfill. In Singapore, we 

adhere to the relevant rules and regulations, such as the Singapore Advertising Standards. 

 


 





13 





13 

Corporate compliance 

 

Other laws and regulations that are relevant to us include SGX listing rules, MAS laws and 

regulations and personal data protection. Management keep a close eye on activities around 

these issues and policies such as our Corporate Code of Conduct mean that staff are aware of 

expectations upon them. In addition, management level staff complete an annual self-

declaration that covers areas such as conflicts of interest and independence. 

 

We review our regulatory risks as part of the management risk assessment process, which is 

carried out on a regular basis, and we will continue to do so in the coming 12 months. 

 

