


S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 6 1






01 

Introduction

 

01 

Board Statement

 

01  

About the Report

02 

Our Sustainability Story: “Building For Success”

 

04  Step 1: Active engagement with key stakeholders

 

 

04 

Stakeholder Groups

 

06 

Step 2: Prioritising needs for business

 

 

06 

Materiality Assessment

 

07 

Step 3: Serving the market capably

 

 

07 

Risk Management

 

 

08 

Food Safety &amp; Hygiene

 

 

09 

Procurement

 

 

10 

Quality Assurance

 

 

12 

Operations

 

 

12 

Central Kitchen

 

 

13 

Store Front

 

14 

Step 4: Dedication to service with heart &amp; professionalism

 

 

14 

Our People

 

 

16 

Business Ethics

 

 

17 

Regulatory Compliance

 

 

17 

Training Courses

 

 

18 

Customer Satisfaction

 

 

20 

Performance

 

21 

Step 5: Scaling locally and globally responsibly

 

 

21 

Our Performance in 2016

23 

GRI content index for ‘In accordance’ – Core Option

C o n t e n t s




S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 6 01









Introduction

B O A R D  S T A T E M E N T

Since 2000, we grew from a single outlet at Bugis Junction into Asia’s 

award-winning food and beverage (“F&amp;B”) group. Our sustainable growth 

strategies and practises received growing attention from our diverse 

stakeholder communities. We recognised the need to disclose our 

environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) practises and performance 

which coincides with the release of the “Comply or Explain” sustainability 

reporting framework by the Singapore Exchange.

At BreadTalk Group (“BTG”), our business priorities are focused on ensuring 

food safety and hygiene, improving customer satisfaction, and imparting 

good values and standards to our people. These endeavours are aligned 

with our material ESG issues. Together with the Board’s leadership, our 

management is committed to monitoring and managing material ESG 

issues, as we continually strive towards “Baking Better”.

A B O U T  T H E  R E P O R T

Our inaugural annual sustainability report was prepared in accordance with 

the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) G4 guidelines – Core level, and aligned 

to the GRI Food Processing Sector Supplement.

Our report focuses on BTG’s sustainability performance with regards to 

BreadTalk Singapore from 1 January to 31 December 2016. The historical 

performance for the previous year 2015 was included for comparison, where 

possible. Specific sections pertaining to "Our People", “Business Ethics”, 

and “Risk Management” cover information relating to the Group as a whole.

We intend to expand the scope of our report to include other Divisions 

and countries where BTG is present in the future. The formulation 

of sustainability targets for material ESG issues requires time and 

coordination, and we hope to share more about them in our subsequent 

reports. We have not sought external assurance for this reporting period.




02

B R E A D T A L K  G R O U P  L I M I T E D





Our sustainability story: “Building for success”

As an internationally recognised bakery brand with a legacy 

of 17 years, we promise to deliver the natural goodness 

and experience of great-tasting breads to our customers. 

Through the years, we strive to achieve increased brand 

sustainability in our value chain, ensuring the safety of 

our employees, products, responding to and satisfying our 

customers' needs and expectations, and managing business 

ethics in our workplace and with our business partners. 

The process of expanding from one outlet to 862 outlets 

across 17 different locales*, including our first outlet in 

Myanmar in March 2017, best illustrates what sustainability 

means to us and stands as a testimony to our success in 

applying the spirit of excellence to creating a sustainable 

business. The steps we take to achieve this is described in 

more detail in various sections of this report as outlined 

below.

Building For Success

Building A Sustainable 

Business

(Where addressed in specific section of 

this Sustainability Report)

Step 1

Active engagement with  

key stakeholders

•  Stakeholder Engagement

Step 2

Prioritising needs  

for business

•  Materiality Assessment

Step 3

Serving the market capably

•  Risk Management

•  Food Safety and Hygiene

Step 4

Dedication to service with 

heart &amp; professionalism

•  Our People

•  Business Ethics

•  Regulatory Compliance

•  Training Courses

•  Customer Satisfaction

Step 5

Scaling locally and  

globally responsibly

•  Our Performance in 2016

In July 2000, we opened  

our 1st BreadTalk outlet  

at Bugis Junction.

Active engagement with  

key stakeholders

We actively engage our 

internal and external key 

stakeholder groups such 

as our customers and key 

departments to identify 

market trends, needs and 

drive value. 

We aspire to deliver quality 

food and experiences that 

our customers will delight in.

Step 1

Opening

?

MARKET

DEMAND

*  

 For details, please refer to page 25 of Annual Report




S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 6 03



Prioritising needs  

for business

To consistently deliver 

quality products and 

services to our customers, 

we invest time and effort 

to prioritise key locales 

and position our outlets for 

maximum impact.

Dedication to service with 

heart &amp; professionalism

Our employees are 

important to us. We adopt 

a holistic approach towards 

employee training and 

development to ensure that 

our employees continue to 

delight our customers with 

a unique blend of concepts 

that are brought to life 

across our brands.

Scaling locally and  

globally responsibly

We expanded our local 

presence to 17 international 

locales, replicating 

more success stories 

and contributing to the 

testimony of our sustainable 

business model. 

Serving the market capably

We aspire to serve our 

customers in each market 

capably. With product 

innovation and creativity 

at the core of our business, 

Research &amp; Development 

(“R&amp;D”) constantly creates 

original and unique products. 

Our Central Kitchen (“CK”) 

will reproduce these baked 

goods in a risk-free, safe and 

hygienic manner.

Building our reach

Step 3

Step 5

Step 2

Step 4

FLOUR

YEAST









OPEN




04

B R E A D T A L K  G R O U P  L I M I T E D

Stakeholders Groups

Key interests raised by our stakeholders groups

Customers and Business Partners (Franchisee)

• Food Safety and Hygiene

• Food labeling

• Innovating to meet and surpass market demands

• Building customer brand loyalty 

Employees (Including Contract Employees)

• Remuneration, training, development, and career advancement opportunities

• Basic Food Hygiene and Workplace Safety

 • Customer Service Training

Suppliers

• Good relationship management

• Ensuring prompt payment cycles

Investors 

• Growth strategy of the business

• Outlining business performance and establishing returns

• Financial performance and capital management

Media

• Sharing of our contributions through 2 main pillars; Youth &amp; Arts / Culture via 

     media platforms

Government institutions

• Operations to meet the food safety standards set by the government (e.g. National 

Environmental Agency (“NEA”), Agri-Food and Veterinary Authority of Singapore 

(“AVA”), China Food Drugs Administration)

• Economic contributions

Communities

• Community needs and impacts

• Work-life requirements

?

MARKET

DEMAND

Active engagement with key 

stakeholders

Step 1



Our sustainability story: “Building for success”




S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 6 05

Methods of Engagement

Frequency of 

Engagement

Our Response

• Frontline interaction at stores

• Calls received via main hotline

• Email correspondence

• Train franchisees to be familiar with Standard Operating 

Procedures (“SOPs”) 

• Monthly

• Conduct internal and independent third-party checks on  food 

safety and labelling 

• Foster brand loyalty via improving customer satisfaction 

• Induction and orientation program

• Employee surveys 

• Team bonding session

• Staff appraisal

• Town halls

• Comprehensive trainings 

• Quarterly to  

Half- yearly

• All employees undergo a series of training modules, 

performance evaluations, and receive rewards for exemplary 

performances

• WSQ Certificate in F&amp;B Operations training modules to equip 

staff with the necessary knowledge, skills and attitude to 

provide good customer experience

• Supplier audit

• Corrective &amp; Preventive Actions Report (CPAR)

• Partnering with new suppliers

• Monthly

• Communicate and provide feedback  regarding their services 

and products

• Ensure that the suppliers’  business is performing and 

complying with contract terms for timely payment

• Annual General Meeting (AGM)

• Investor meetings

• Roadshows for investors

• Tele-conferences

• Corporate announcements

• Results briefing

• Ongoing

• Two-pronged strategy – increasing efficiency of the backend 

operational process, while creating new experiences to 

increase frontline customer engagement – for growth and 

returns

• Press conference

• Corporate announcement

• Marketing or product launch events

• Social media campaigns

• Advertisement and media relations

• CSR events

• Ongoing

• Provide the media with timely press release and follow-up 

with detailed analysis during combined briefing

• Media Engagement of key product launches are innovative 

retail concepts

• Raise awareness of CSR events through mainstream media

• Spot checks at the central kitchen and outlets

• Industry workshops for awareness of requirements

•  Daily

•  Quarterly

• Uphold health and safety standards by having layers of 

internal checks

• Creating direct and indirect jobs, paying taxes that contribute 

towards nation building, etc.

• Sponsorships

• Donations (e.g. bread to Food from the Heart, Abilities Beyond 

Limitations and Expectations (“ABLE”))

• Employee volunteerism (e.g. partnering with CDAC to provide 

mentorship programs for selected students)

• 1 day CSR leave for employees

•  Periodic projects

•  Daily

•  Quarterly

• Monetary and non-monetary contributions to the needy, youth 

and arts 

• Work-life enjoyment identity embedded in the BTG IHQ – 

a strong mix of our food brands, convenience and lifestyle 

services – that meet the needs of more than 300,000 office 

workers, families who visit the retail and F&amp;B Hub monthly

Key Stakeholder Engagement

We actively engage our key stakeholder groups to understand each 

individual market’s needs as the first step to creating value and delivering 

food that customers love. In the process of replicating our success from the 

first outlet in Singapore to the 17 locations today, we applied the same step 

of understanding each market’s needs  first. We value strong relationships 

with local networks, and take pride in delighting our customers with a 

blend of unique concepts that brought about new food cultures across

our outlets. The success of our business today is thus an outcome of our 

understanding towards what our key stakeholders look for and responding 

to their expectations. We hold initial discussions with our stakeholders 

across the value chain, identifying the key groups who have significant 

interest and impact on our business strategy and operations, and continue 

to engage them to understand their key concerns and interests so as to 

increase overall sustainability levels within the organisation.






06

B R E A D T A L K  G R O U P  L I M I T E D

The six material topics selected 

as a result of Step 2, were 

presented to the Board for 

validation.

Our sustainability story: “Building for success”



Prioritising needs for business

Materiality Assessment

In order to deliver our commitment to our customers, we invest efforts 

to identify the most accessible locations, and prioritise these locations 

to position our outlets for maximum impact. Similarly for our business, 

we have prioritised six material sustainability topics which reflect our 

significant economic, environmental and social impacts, and substantively 

influence the assessments and decisions of our stakeholders. Our 

materiality determination process and the resulting materiality matrix are 

detailed below.

STEP 2  

PRIORITISATION

In 2016, our sustainability 

consultant identified an 

exhaustive list of economic, 

environmental, social and 

governance topics, interviews 

with senior management 

appreciation of BTG’s 

stakeholders’ concerns and 

benchmarking of select peers.

Our senior management rated 

and prioritised these topics via 

an anonymous electronic voting 

exercise.

With their diverse roles, 

experience and interactions with 

external stakeholders, our senior 

management brings both internal 

and external perspectives to the 

entire process.

STEP 3  

VALIDATION

STEP 1  

IDENTIFICATION

STEP 4  

REVIEW

The material topics selected will undergo review in subsequent reporting 

periods to ensure their continued relevance and importance.

Importance to internal stakeholders

Importance to external stakeholders

7

1

2

3

4

5

6

Sustainability Topics

1  Food Safety &amp; Hygiene

2  Regulatory Compliance

3  Business Ethics

4  Economic Performance

5  Risk Management

6  Customer Satisfaction

7  Energy and Carbon Footprint

High

Low

High

Legend

 

Material

 

Not material but chosen for 

reporting due to its significance to 

the business environment

Step 2




S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 6 07











Our sustainability story: “Building for success”

Serving the market capably

We aspire to serve each market capably – our Master Chefs and Research 

and Development (“R&amp;D”) team – work hand-in-hand to conceptualise 

the product offerings in the store. Upon approval of the concept, 

Procurement sources key ingredients with quality and value globally. The 

Central Kitchen (“CK”) takes on the mission of production in the most 

efficient and effective manner; hence supporting the whole process while 

achieving economies of scale, and boosting the sustainability of our 

economic performance; in a risk-free, safe and hygienic environment.

Step 3

Risk Management

We believe that well-managed risks will open up hidden opportunities in our journey to create a 

sustainable business model. One example is the adoption of contactless payment platforms. 

Since we started accepting contactless payment for Toast Box in 2015 and BreadTalk in 2016, there 

has been a significant increase in the number of contactless payment transactions as it brought 

about increased convenience to our customers.

Our Group-wide risk management framework to identify, mitigate and monitor business risks are 

detailed in the table below.

POTENTIAL REPUTATION RISK

Reputation could be at risk due to:

• Franchisees’ inability to meet the 

minimum product quality and service 

level standard set by BTG

• Negative media exposure

• Food safety and hygiene incidents

Possible approaches to managing 

this risk:

• Stringent criteria for selection of new 

franchisees

• Frequent monitoring of performance 

• Meeting product quality and service 

level standards

See page 18 under “Customer Satisfaction” 

for more details

POTENTIAL FRAUD RISK

Fraud risk may arise from the following 

factors:

• Reinforcement of duties segregation

• Refreshment of frontline cash handling 

training

Possible approaches to managing 

this risk:

• Internal and external audits on the 

processes deemed riskier

• Staff training and awareness

• Cashless payment methods

See page 16 under “Business Ethics” for more details 

on our Code of Conduct and related policies

POTENTIAL FOOD SAFETY  

&amp; HYGIENE RISK

Food safety &amp; hygiene risk could arise on 

account of:

• Reinforcement of Food Safety and 

Hygiene Standards

• Reinforcement of Quality Compliance 

Checks

How this risk may be managed:

• Partnering the suppliers with good 

profiles and track records from 

regulatory and certification bodies  

(e.g. ISO certification or other or 

equivalent companies are prioritised)

• Ensure that the facilities and logistics 

used to deliver our products are well 

maintained

• Several layers of internal and 

independent checks

• Staff training and awareness

See page 08 under “Food Safety &amp; Hygiene” for more 

specific details




08

B R E A D T A L K  G R O U P  L I M I T E D

Our sustainability story: “Building for success”

Step 3: Serving the market capably





 F O O D  S A F E T Y  A N D  H Y G I E N E

Food safety and hygiene is of utmost importance in our commitment to 

deliver quality products and services to our customers. Placed at the 

highest priority at all stages across our value chain, we have teamed up 

with our partners from procurement, warehouse and logistics, quality 

assurance, and operations, in achieving our set targets. Our operations are 

certified to the ISO220001 standard, following the International Standard 

specifying requirements for our Food Safety Management System.

Our Targets

AVA grade “A” for the license to operate a food 

establishment

Zero major food safety2 incidents at Breadtalk 

and Toast box outlets

1 

ISO22000 is an international recognised Food Safety Management System that can be 

applied to any organisation in the food Chain, farm to fork. It helps organisations to identify 

and control food safety hazards.

2 

Major Food Safety Incidents is defined as Mass Food Poisoning deemed to have occurred 

when at least 5 unrelated customers are affected from consuming food items produced by 

central kitchen supplying to BreadTalk Singapore outlets.




S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 6 09



Procurement

Pre-qualification

• Our stringent pre-qualification criteria is our first protection in ensuring that our 

ingredients are sourced from suppliers who uphold high food safety and hygiene 

standards. The newly implemented criteria include, among others: 

- Prioritising local suppliers with factory grading of minimum requirement of AVA Grade 

“B”, ISO22000 certification or other equivalent. 

- Sourcing from AVA approved importers and distributors

- Sourcing from licensed overseas suppliers which conform to the requirements of their 

local regulatory authorities, and comply to the taste and quality specifications by our 

Research &amp; Development  (“R&amp;D”) department

Supplier selection

• To ensure the resilience and sustainability of our supply chain, we select our suppliers 

based on their operational locations, number of factories owned, and our audit results for 

selected suppliers. 

• We work with various suppliers, ranging from wholesalers, manufacturers, contractors 

and service providers. As at 2016, we have maintained a pool of suppliers of which about 

300 are active with regular transactions. Our supplier management system is modeled 

after the concept of Vendor Managed Inventory (“VMI”), where 90% of our suppliers 

are local. This results in high order fulfillment of almost 100% and improve inventory 

efficiency. 

Procurement practises

• To maintain the quality of ingredients used in the midst of rising prices, we have 

centralised our procurement efforts in the five regions for better management and 

control.

• Started in 2016, all new ingredients will go through the “New Ingredient Analysis 

Procedure”. 

- New ingredients are first requested from the R&amp;D

- Sourced by the procurement sourcing team

- Checked and approved by the Supply Chain Management Quality Assurance (“SCM QA”)

- Sensory profiling and application of food ingredients approved by R&amp;D

- New ingredient and supplier will be placed under approved supplier list

- Purchased by the procurement team

• To better ensure the freshness of our ingredients, we have requested for a number 

of initiatives from our suppliers such as packing the ingredients in specific unit of 

measurements. 

Warehouse And Logistics 

Our warehouse serves as the central distribution point where the majority of the ingredients are received 

and distributed to the central kitchen and store outlets. To ensure the quality of the ingredients, we practise 

proper stock rotation system – First-Expired-First-Out system – to ensure the freshest stocks are used in our 

production. Furthermore, our warehouse and third party logistics work closely to maintain the cold chain 

throughout the supply chain, so as to preserve the original condition of the ingredients. High standard of 

hygiene is required and constantly maintained in our central kitchen and outlets stores with the help of our 

selected suppliers.




10

B R E A D T A L K  G R O U P  L I M I T E D



Quality Assurance

A thermometer is critical in monitoring the right temperature of the dough during the 

baking stage. Similarly our Supply Chain Management Quality Assurance (“SCM QA”) 

team conducts checks and suggests improvements at critical points along our value 

chain. This minimises the occurrences of unintended events and further strengthens 

our commitment to food quality and safety.

1. Suppliers’ Audit and Monitoring

2. Food Audit

4. Issue Management/ Customer Feedback

3. Operational Audit

1. Suppliers’ Audit and Monitoring

• All suppliers are categorised based on the risk – high, medium and low – 

according to the ingredients that they supply3.

• We vary the monitoring of suppliers according to the level and nature of risk 

identified. 

• We take a strong stand against suppliers who underperform to our standards:

- Any complaints will be investigated and the related supplier provided with a 

Corrective &amp; Preventive Actions Report (“CPAR”).

- In the event of repeated complaints or non-compliance, the supplier may be 

disqualified or suspended.

3  

Reference was made to the Codex Alimentarius or “Food Code”, which was established by FAO and the 

World Health Organisation

Our sustainability story: “Building for success”

Step 3: Serving the market capably




S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 6 11



2. Food Audit

WHAT WE HAVE DONE

ENHANCING THE FOOD SAFETY AND HYGIENE STANDARDS

Checking the ingredient 

listing from Supplier’s 

Product Specification and 

verifying against Sale of 

Food Act under Singapore 

Food Regulation 

All our sourced ingredients are approved by AVA.

Hand swab on food 

handlers and equipment 

surface swab on  food 

contact surface

Our commitment to food safety and hygiene is demonstrated by being one 

of the local food companies to have a Microbiological Laboratory facility. 

This facility enables us to conduct internal laboratory testing to verify the 

hand washing technique of food handler and effectiveness of cleaning 

chemical &amp; program. 

Routine food product and 

water testing

Scheduled Microbiological testing on all existing and any newly developed 

food products by internal laboratory or external accredited laboratory.

Shelf-life validation 

program

Conducted at an external accredited laboratory, the test ensures that food 

are safe for consumption

3. Operational Audit

• In our line of business, operational audits on hygiene and food safety management are conducted 

regularly by the various departments (e.g. Central Kitchen (“CK”) and Operations). For an illustration of 

the full sequence of operational audits we conduct, please refer to the “Outlet store” section.

• SCM QA team was restructured to introduce a QA audit framework that strengthened our quality system 

to provide an independent perspective to our operational system.

• The SCM QA team consists of certified Food Hygiene Officers (“FHO”) and staff with Food Science &amp; 

Technology background. To qualify as FHO, the staff has to attend and pass the Singapore Workforce 

Skills Qualifications (“WSQ”) Food &amp; Beverage Hygiene Audit Course. As a continuous skill and 

improvement plan, employees from BreadTalk Singapore are scheduled to attend the course in honing 

their food hygiene skills, and enhancing the food safety and hygiene standards of our business.

4. Issue Management/ Customer Feedback

Upon receiving customer’s feedback from the customer service manager, relevant departments will 

conduct a joint investigation – walkthrough on food supply chain from raw material receipt to processing 

of finished product. We will conduct and identify the root causes, suggest appropriate corrective and 

preventive actions to avoid recurrence. 




12

B R E A D T A L K  G R O U P  L I M I T E D



Our sustainability story: “Building for success”

Step 3: Serving the market capably

4  

Time and temperature abuse occurs when the temperature of food is allowed to fall in the danger zone.

INCOMING QUALITY 

CHECK (IQC)

Conduct physical 

checks upon receiving 

the ingredients from 

the suppliers to our 

warehouse

IN-PROCESS QUALITY 

CHECK

OUTGOING QUALITY 

CHECK (OQC)

Physical checks ensure:

• 

Items are not dented

• 

No temperature abuse4 on the ingredients or food products

• 

Shelf life as per product specifications

• 

Appropriate unit of measurement

Continue to conduct 

physical checks

Equipment usage must 

be within the assigned 

temperature

Physical and 

Microbiological checks 

on the food products 

before being delivered 

to the store for further 

processing or selling

DAILY CLEANING  

INSPECTION CHECK 

MONTHLY DELIVERY TRUCK INSPECTION AUDIT

Inspections to ensure that the cold chain is  

being maintained

DAILY METAL DETECTOR VERIFICATION CHECK

Verifications to prevent physical hazard from 

metal contamination

MONTHLY PEST  

CONTROL INSPECTION

Operations

Our bread and cakes are baked in the central kitchen and the store outlets. We have continuously invested in trainings and state-of-

art facilities to ensure that our food safety and hygiene standard is being maintained at this final touch point. 

Central Kitchen

Since 2013, our state-of-art central kitchen has been operated in accordance to the Good Manufacturing Practise (“GMP”), certified 

to ISO 22000:2005 for Food Safety Management System, and awarded Grade “A” by AVA. The activities are as follows: 




S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 6 13



Store front

To ensure that our food products are safe for consumption and are within the stipulated shelf life, we:

• Conduct many layers of checks in our store

• First-Expired-First-Out system for inventory handling practises, also practised in our warehouse and 

logistics

Our store personnel conduct checks three times 

in a day in accordance to our Quality  

Standard Control (QSC) checklist

DAILY

Our Operation QA conduct checks 

on a monthly basis

MONTHLY

As conducted by our SCM QA

EVERY 6 MONTHS

NEA conducts inspections periodically

SPORADIC




14

B R E A D T A L K  G R O U P  L I M I T E D



Dedication to service with 

heart &amp; professionalism

FLOUR

YEAST

Our employees are important to us. We adopt a holistic approach towards 

employee development to ensure that our employees continue to delight 

our customers with a unique blend of concepts that are brought to life 

across our brands.

Our sustainability story: “Building for success”

Step 4

Our People

With the right people and a collaborative culture, 

a business model will continue to be sustainable 

in the long term. This is especially true for an F&amp;B 

company like us. We have built our foundation on 

a strong governance structure5 and business ethics 

that is underpinned by a sustainability working 

committee which is in turn supported by various 

departments representing our people. Together, 

we focus on driving performance and managing 

ESG risks in a sustainable manner (see “Risk 

Management” for details). 

5  

See more about our Corporate Governance on pages 33 to 52 of our Annual Report.

BTG BOARD OF DIRECTORS

BTG SUSTAINABILITY WORKING COMMITTEE

Group CEO

Group CFO

Group Head 

Corporate 

Affairs

Finance

Operations

BreadTalk 

Branding &amp; 

Marketing

Human 

Resources 

&amp; Training

"HR"

Customer 

Experience 

Department

“CED”

Supply Chain 

Management

“SCM”

Research and 

Development 

“R&amp;D”

SUPPORTING DEPARTMENTS

Information 

Technology

"IT"

Central 

Kitchen

"CK"

Business 

Development




S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 6 15



In 2016, 86% of our people were in non-executive roles, while 14% were in executive roles. Our global 

workforce comprises 7000 team members from different nationalities, age group and gender in our regional 

markets, namely Singapore (3400), China (2500), Thailand (300), Hong Kong (600), Malaysia (150) and 

Taiwan (80). Overall, we have a relatively young workforce, with a higher proportion of female employees as 

compared to male employees.

0

10%

20%

30%

40%

50%

60%

2016

39

61

PERCENTAGE OF EMPLOYEES BY GENDER

 

Male 

 

Female

PERCENTAGE OF EMPLOYEES BY COUNTRY

Singapore

47%

Malaysia

2%

FY 2015

China

36%

Hong Kong

10%

Taiwan

1%

Thailand

4%

FY 2016

2015

40

60

Singapore

48%

Malaysia

2%

China

36%

Hong Kong

8%

Taiwan

1%

Thailand

5%




16

B R E A D T A L K  G R O U P  L I M I T E D



Business Ethics

Our values and standards serve as a guide for us to make ethical business decisions. These values keep us 

grounded to our corporate mission, vision and values as we continue to expand our business over time.

01

Code of Conduct

• Defines our expectation of the 

standards of integrity and ethics 

from our people - as an individual 

and as members of our company

02

Interested Person Translation 

(“IPT”) Policy

• Ensures that all transactions with 

an interested party will be at arm’s 

length 

• Board approval is required if 

transactions with the interested 

party exceeds $100,000 (in any 

calendar year)

• Related parties transactions will be 

reviewed by the Audit Committee

03

Charitable Donations and 

Sponsorship

• Sets out the guidelines that 

donations are to be given to 

organisations listed on the 

charitable portal

• Any sponsorship to an 

organisation not listed will be 

subjected to availability of budget 

and management approval 

04

Whistle-blowing Policy

• Provides a mechanism for 

employees and external parties 

to report concerns over alleged 

wrongful acts

See more details on page 47 of 

Corporate Governance Report

05 

Management of Disciplinary Policies

• Sets the tone that wrongful acts 

are not condoned, while also 

providing a guide on what are 

considered wrongful acts and how 

to resolve these cases

• In the event of misconduct, 

the disciplinary process will 

be conducted fairly, with 

the involvement of various 

authorities, depending on the 

nature of the case

Our sustainability story: “Building for success”

Step 4: Dedication to service with heart &amp; professionalism




S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 6 17



Training Courses

WSQ BASIC FOOD HYGIENE COURSE

BTG TRAINING MODULES

• All staff (regardless of rank) have to undergo 

mandatory WSQ Basic Food Hygiene Course, 

and obtain a statement of attainment before 

commencing work.  

• We have invested in five Advanced Certificate 

in Training and Assessment (“ACTA”) qualified 

trainers – which is comparatively higher than 

our local industry peers – to conduct the 

course in-house. This reflects our dedication 

in acquiring and transferring essential F&amp;B 

skills to the rest of our business operations.

• To better suit the context of our business, 

we have customised the topics and teaching 

methodology of the WDA Basic Food Hygiene 

Course. 

• This ensures that our people possess a strong 

understanding of practicing good personal 

hygiene, and maintaining safety in food 

ingredients, food handling, food storage, and 

cleanliness of utensils. 

• Through a series of in-house training modules, 

we further equip our store personnel with 

skills for upkeeping of store hygiene, product 

knowledge and shelf life, and dispensing of 

food products.



Regulatory Compliance

As a responsible organisation, we seek to comply with laws and regulations as this would foster trust among 

our stakeholders and help enhance our corporate branding in the long term.

Our policies and practises are set out to be in compliance with the legislation of all countries we operate in. 

These would include the Company Act, the Employment Act, the Employment of Foreign Manpower Act, and 

the Food Hygiene Standards. We aim to achieve zero non-compliances across all our operations every year. 

We are committed to strengthening our internal processes to improve our compliance performance in future. 




18

B R E A D T A L K  G R O U P  L I M I T E D



Our sustainability story: “Building for success”

Step 4: Dedication to service with heart &amp; professionalism

Customer Satisfaction

We aspire to provide our customers with an enjoyable experience, satisfying them with our great-tasting food 

and services which are crafted according to their palettes and expectations. Besides the joy of serving our 

customers, this has a significant impact on our brand and the long-term viability of our business. Our aim is to 

achieve a positive trend in customer feedback about our product quality, service and cleanliness at our outlets. 

Issue Management 

To better serve our customers, we established a Customer Experience Department (“CED”) in 2016. The CED 

collects, consolidate investigation findings, and responds to feedback from various channels, categorising 

them into 6 main areas: 

1. 

Ambience

2. 

Foreign objects 

3. 

Outlet process: Payment methods and process 

4. 

Product: Quality, product innovation (includes innovation of festive products), taste, shape, size

5. 

Safety: Safety of customers in the store front

6. 

Service

Each feedback is documented and tracked from the point of receipt to the investigation, and finally to 

its resolution. Every month, we share both positive and negative learning experiences with other outlets 

managers and operations.  These learning experiences are further shared with the CEO and respective Heads 

of divisions and departments, through the CED internal portal and management reports.  

Training Sessions

While it is crucial to respond in a timely fashion to our customers’ feedbacks and concerns, we believe 

prevention is key to minimising any negative customer experiences. Therefore, we conduct robust training 

for our store personnel onsite and in the classroom on modules such as customer feedback management, 

customer enquiry, standard operating procedures to handle complaints, and cashier duties.

Rewards and Motivation

Our attitude determines our altitude. Our staff's engagement and motivation at work directly creates the value 

for our customers.  

In order to continually motivate our people to give their best, we believe in rewarding high-performing staff 

with positive behaviour traits through recognising their efforts based on the Assessment Criteria table below. 

For example, we distribute collar pins and honour our employees on social media platforms.

For under-performing staff, we take a firm but nurturing stand to guide them back to the desired behavioural 




S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 6 19



This year, we have also implemented the 3 Smiles campaign, which is further elaborated in the case study below.

C A S E  S T U D Y : 

3  S M I L E S  C A M P A I G N

In 2016, the bakery business unit – BreadTalk – introduced the 3 Smiles campaign to emphasise the 

importance of service delivery to all the managers and outlet store staff. 

Under the campaign, each service outlet is assessed by the following criteria: 

The best performing outlet and service staff gets recognised and rewarded. 

Under-performing outlets will be guided and nurtured by their supervisors to improve their overall 

performance.

1. Audit scores from  

QSC audit

2. Financial performance 

(e.g. sales/COGS/cost of 

labourlabor/turnover) of 

the outlet

3. Quality of supply chain 

(e.g. by the no. of 

customer compliments 

and complaints received)

In March 2017, Ion Bread Society was announced the winner for the 3 Smiles Campaign, 2016 

CATEGORY

AWARD

Best Service Outlet 

(Finale)

Shanghai Holiday Trip for the entire outlet 

(5D 4 N)

Best Service Staff 

(per outlet)

$50 cash &amp; Best Service Staff Certificate  

(to be displayed in the outlet)

traits.

ASSESSMENT CRITERIA 

Customer feedback based on to the following 6 main categories: 

• Ambience 

• Customer Service

• Foreign objects

• Outlet process: Payment methods and process

• Product: Quality, product innovation (includes innovation of festive products), taste, shape, size

• Safety of customers in the store

Customer Complaint (if applicable)

QSC Audit conducted periodically to access overall health of each outlet




20

B R E A D T A L K  G R O U P  L I M I T E D



Our sustainability story: “Building for success”

Step 4: Dedication to service with heart &amp; professionalism

I am very pleased with the customer service that was provided 

at Bedok Mall BreadTalk. I was being welcomed by your staff… a 

staff has kindly helped me to get the bread and cakes that I had 

chosen and ushered me to the counter. The counter staff was also 

very polite and kind.

Staff greeted me and offered to help with my decision. Being 

totally patient and having great product knowledge of the store’s 

offerings, I have to admit I was blown away by their attitude 

towards me.

Performance

We received both positive feedback and complaints from our customers. While we thank our customers for 

recognising the good work we have done, we take responsibility for the complaints received. As a result of our 

investigations and implementation of preventive measures, our customers were impressed with the prompt 

responses to address every issue. At the same time, the total number of complaints reduced sharply over 

the months. We continue to take a serious stand on improving customer satisfaction and are in the midst of 

formulating realistic customer targets in the coming year. 




S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 6 21



Our sustainability story: “Building for success”

OPEN

Scaling locally and globally 

responsibly 6

6 

Household benchmark: 2016 Median Resident Employed Households, Department of Statistics Singapore, 

http://www.tablebuilder.singstat.gov.sg/publicfacing/sortOnColumn.action

* 

 The figures also includes the full BreadTalk Singapore results

** The figures also includes group results

With the success of our initial outlet, BreadTalk 

Singapore has over the years expanded to 862 

outlets across 17 different locales, including the 

official opening of our newest outlet in Myanmar in 

March 2017 – replicating more success stories and 

contributing to the testimony of our sustainable 

business model.

Our responsible environmental practices include 

using certified biodegradable plastic bags since 

2008 and sourcing our paper cups and cake boxes 

from sustainable forest management FSC and PEFC 

Certified suppliers.

Our Performance in 2016

Step 5

T A X  C O N T R I B U T I O N

I N C O M E  F O R  S U P P L I E R S

S$7.3 million*

in incomes for suppliers supported

S$9.1 million**

R E V E N U E  G E N E R A T E D

W A G E S

S$186.7 million**

wages supporting around  

7000 employees

S$306.9 million*

revenue generated for the business

F O O D  V O L U M E 

M A N U F A C T U R E D

A W A R D E D

• Grade ‘A’ for 3 consecutive years –  

Central Kitchen

• Zero major food safety incidents

5,451 tonnes

of total food volume manufactured in 

our ISO22000-certified site




22

B R E A D T A L K  G R O U P  L I M I T E D



Our sustainability story: “Building for success”

Step 5: Scaling locally and globally responsibly

Our Performance in 2016

E N E R G Y  C O N S U M E D

0.05kWh/S$

C A R B O N  E M I S S I O N

0.02kg CO2e/S$

P U B L I S H E D  O U R

Inaugural Sustainability Report

conforming to an international framework

C O M M U N I T Y  C H E S T  A W A R D S

2 years recipient  

of the Commnity Chest Awards in recognition 

of our concerted efforts in donations &amp; rasing 

funds to help the less fortunate

P R O D U C T  P A C K A G I N G

Plastic Bags

Our plastic bags are certified biodegradable 

since 2008.

Since the introduction of checking with our 

customers at the counters if they require 

plastic bags, we achieved a reduction of 3%  

in overall plastic bag usage.

P R O D U C T  P A C K A G I N G

Paper Cups and  

Cake Boxes

Our paper cups and cake boxes are sourced  

from sustainable forest management FSC &amp;  

PEFC certified suppliers.




S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 6 23

GRI Content Index for ‘In accordance’ – Core Option 

General Standard Disclosures 

PROFILE DISCLOSURE

DESCRIPTION

CROSS-REFERENCE/DIRECT ANSWER

Strategy and analysis

G4-1

Statement from the most senior decision-maker of the organisation about the relevance of 

sustainability to the organisation and the organisation’s strategy for addressing sustainability

Board statement page 01

Organisational Profile

G4-3

Name of the organisation

Annual Report page 20-21

G4-4

Primary brands, products, and/or services

Annual Report page 23-29

G4-5

Location of organisation’s headquarters

Annual Report page 174

G4-6

Number of countries where the organisation operates, and names of countries with either 

major operations or that are specifically relevant to the sustainability issues covered in the 

report

Annual Report page 20-21

G4-7

Nature of ownership and legal form

Annual Report page 18-19

G4-8

Markets served (including geographic breakdown, sectors served and types of customers/

beneficiaries)

Annual Report page 20-21

G4-9

Scale of the reporting organisation

About The Report page 01-03

G4-10

Total workforce by employment type, gender, employment contract and region

Our People page 14-15

G4-11

Percentage of employees covered by collective bargaining agreements

Not Applicable 

G4-12

Description of the organisation’s supply chain

Food Safety and Hygiene  page 08-13

G4-13

Significant changes during the reporting period regarding the organisation’s size, 

structure, ownership, or its supply chain

Food Safety and Hygiene  page 08-13

G4-14

Explanation of whether and how the precautionary approach or principle is addressed by 

the organisation

Risk Management page 07

G4-15

Externally developed economic, environmental, and social charters, principles, or other 

initiatives to which the organisation subscribes or endorses

Not Applicable

G4-16

Memberships in associations (such as industry associations)

Not Applicable

Identified material aspects and boundaries

G4-17

Operational structure of the organisation, including main divisions, operating companies, 

subsidiaries, and joint ventures (List all entities in the consolidated financial statements)

Annual Report page 18-19

G4-18

Process for defining report content and the Aspect Boundaries and explain how the 

Reporting Principles has been implemented

Materiality Assessment page 06

G4-19

List all material Aspects identified

Materiality Assessment page 06

G4-20

The Aspect Boundary within the organisation: Whether the Aspect is material within the 

organisation; The list of entities included in G4-17 for which the Aspect is or is not material; 

Specific limitation regarding the Aspect Boundary within the organisation

Materiality Assessment page 06

G4-21

The Aspect Boundary outside the organisation: Whether the Aspect is material outside the 

organisation; The list of entities for which the Aspect is material, relate to geographical 

location; Specific limitation regarding the Aspect Boundary outside the organisation 

material, relate to geographical location; Specific limitation regarding the Aspect Boundary 

outside the organisation

Materiality Assessment page 06

G4-22

Explanation of the effect of any restatements

Not Applicable

G4-23

Significant changes from previous reporting periods in the Scope and Aspect Boundaries

Not Applicable

G4-30

Reporting cycle

About The Report page 01

G4-31

Contact point for questions regarding the report or its contents

Annual Report page 32

G4-32

a. Report the ‘in accordance’ option the organisation has chosen 

b. Report the GRI Content Index for the chosen option

About The Report page 01

G4-33

Policy and current practise with regard to seeking external assurance for the report

About The Report page 01

Strategy and analysis

G4-23

Significant changes from previous reporting periods in the Scope and Aspect Boundaries

Not Applicable

Stakeholder engagement

G4-24

List of stakeholder groups engaged by the organisation

Stakeholder Engagement page 04

G4-25

Basis for identification and selection of stakeholders with whom to engage

Stakeholder Engagement page 04

G4-26

Approaches to stakeholder engagement, including frequency of engagement by type and 

by stakeholder group

Stakeholder Engagement page 04

G4-27

Key topics and concerns that have been raised through stakeholder engagement, and how 

the organisation has responded to those key topics and concerns, including through its 

reporting; Report the stakeholder groups that raised each of the key topics and concerns

Stakeholder Engagement page 04

Report Profile

G4-28

Reporting period

About The Report page 01

G4-29

Date of most recent previous report

About The Report page 01

G4-30

Reporting cycle

About The Report page 01

G4-31

Contact point for questions regarding the report or its contents

Annual Report page 32

G4-32

a. Report the ‘in accordance’ option the organisation has chosen 

b. Report the GRI Content Index for the chosen option

About The Report page 01

G4-33

Policy and current practise with regard to seeking external assurance for the report

About The Report page 01




24

B R E A D T A L K  G R O U P  L I M I T E D

GRI Content Index for ‘In accordance’ – Core Option 

General Standard Disclosures 

PROFILE DISCLOSURE

DESCRIPTION

CROSS-REFERENCE/DIRECT ANSWER

Governance

G4-34

Report the governance structure of the organisation, including committees of the highest 

governance body. Identify any committees responsible for decision-making on economic, 

environmental and social impacts

Our People Page 14-15

Ethics and Integrity

G4-56

Describe the organisation’s values, principles, standards and norms of behaviour such as 

codes of conduct and codes of ethics

Business Ethics page 16

Specific Standard Disclosures: Disclosure on Management Approach (DMAs)

GRI ASPECT

CROSS-REFERENCE

Economic Performance

Annual Report page 02-03, Our Performance page 21

Energy

Our Performance page 21

Emissions

Our Performance page 21

Anti-corruption  

Business Ethics page 16

Regulatory Compliance

Regulatory Compliance page 17

Customer Health and Safety

Food Safety and Hygiene page 08-13

Product and Service Labeling

Customer Satisfaction page 18

Specific Standard Disclosures: Performance Indicators

INDICATORS

CROSS-REFERENCE

Category : Economic 

G4-EC1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

Annual Report page 22,  

Our Performance page 21

Category : Environmental

ASPECT: ENERGY

G4-EN3

Energy consumption within the organisation

Our Performance page 21

G4-EN5

Energy intensity

Our Performance page 21

ASPECT: EMISSIONS

G4-EN16

Energy indirect greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions (scope 2)

Our Performance page 21

G4-EN18

Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions intensity

Our Performance page 21

Category : Social

Sub Category : Society

ASPECT: ANTI-CORRUPTION

G4-SO5

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

Business Ethics page 16

ASPECT: COMPLIANCE

G4-SO8

Monetary value of significant fines and total number of non-monetary sanctions for non-

compliance with laws and regulations

Regulatory Compliance page 17

Sub Category : Product Responsibility

ASPECT: CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY

G4-FP5

Percentage of production volume manufactured in sites certified by an independent third 

party according to internationally recognised food safety management system standards

Food Safety and Hygiene page 08-13, 

Our Performance page 21

G4-PR2

Total number of incidents of non-compliance with regulations and voluntary codes 

concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services during their life cycle, 

by type of outcomes

Food Safety and Hygiene page 08-13, 

Regulatory Compliance page 17

ASPECT: PRODUCT AND SERVICE LABELING

G4-PR5

Results of surveys measuring customer satisfaction

Customer Satisfaction page 18


Designed and Produced by Rockstar Atelier










Members of BreadTalk Group Limited

B rea d Talk I H Q

3 0  T a i  S e n g  S t r e e t 

# 0 9 - 0 1

S i n g a p o r e  5 3 4 0 1 3

w w w . b r e a d t a l k . c o m 

