


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

BROADWAY INDUSTRIAL GROUP LIMITED 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

2 | P a g e 

 



CONTENTS 

 

Board Statement ..................................................................................................................................... 3 

About this Report .................................................................................................................................... 4 

Sustainability at Broadway ...................................................................................................................... 5 

Managing Business Continuity during COVID-19 ................................................................................... 6 

Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality Assessment .......................................................................... 9 

Sustainability Performance ................................................................................................................... 12 

Economic Performance ......................................................................................................................... 13 

Environmental Responsibilities ............................................................................................................. 13 

Labour Practices ................................................................................................................................... 17 

Health and Safety .................................................................................................................................. 23 

Sustainability Governance .................................................................................................................... 27 

Corporate Social Responsibility ............................................................................................................ 30 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

3 | P a g e 

 



BOARD STATEMENT 

 

The Board is pleased to present Broadway Industrial Group Limited’s (referred to as “Broadway” or the 

“Group”) Sustainability Report (“Report”) for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. The Report 

presents data and information relating to the Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) factors 

that are material to the Group, references the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) standards, and 

conforms with the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited’s (“SGX-ST”) sustainability reporting 

requirements.  

 

Through its wholly-owned subsidiary, BIGL Asia Pte. Ltd., and its subsidiaries (together with the 

Company, “BIGL”), BIGL is one of the leaders in the manufacturing of precision components and 

assemblies and a key provider of actuator arms, assemblies and other related parts mainly for the global 

hard disk drive (“HDD”) business. BIGL has its manufacturing facilities spread across 4 locations in 

China and Thailand while being headquartered in Singapore, and employs a workforce of more than 

3,500 people.  

 

Amidst the declining backdrop of the HDD industry in recent years, the Group has considered the 

longer-term prospects and financial position of the business by acquiring an equity stake in its robotic 

cleaning business and entering into arrangements for the proposed disposal of its HDD business. If the 

proposed disposal materialises, these structural changes to the Group’s business will have an impact 

on our sustainability performance and achievement of targets set in this Report. 

 

The Board is responsible for the oversight of the management of the Group’s sustainability performance 

and is supported by the management of the Company (“Management”) and the sustainability task force 

established to implement sustainability initiatives. The Board identifies material ESG topics necessary 

to ensure that sustainability is embedded in our policies and procedures and is in line with our business 

strategy. The Board is also involved in the formulation and approval of the targets for each material 

ESG topic. The Board will undertake a review of the ESG topics upon the completion of the proposed 

disposal of the Group’s HDD business. 

 

The Board aims to create positive transformation by seeking growth, yet continuing to provide oversight 

and guidance to Management in strategy implementation for the attainment of sustainability goals and 

objectives in the Group’s operations. In the past year, the COVID-19 pandemic has impacted 

companies and industries across the globe. At Broadway, we were prompt in implementing COVID-19 

related measures in accordance with the local regulations to ensure that the health and safety of our 

workforce and communities were protected. We continue to monitor changes to these regulations to 

ensure the continued safety of all our stakeholders. During this time, we continue to engage and 

contribute through various community development programmes such as the “Helping Hands 

Coronavirus (COVID-19) Campaign” while adhering to the safe distancing and protective measures. 

 

This Report showcases our continuing efforts towards providing solutions to address global sustainable 

development objective. The Board is grateful towards all the stakeholders for contributing to our journey 

of transformation towards sustainability. 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

4 | P a g e 

 



ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

Report Scope and Boundary 

 

This is our fourth Sustainability Report presenting our sustainability performance for the period from 1st 

January 2020 to 31st December 2020 (“2020”). We view reporting on non-financial parameters as an 

important means of communication with our stakeholders as it provides a glance into the Group’s 

governance, strategy, performance and prospects. The businesses covered under the reporting 

boundary are BIGL Technologies (Thailand) Co., Ltd. (“BTH”) and BIGL Technologies (Wuxi) Co., Ltd. 

(“BWX”), which are the top revenue contributors of the Group. 

 

Reporting Standards and Compliance Requirements 

 

This Report is aligned with the reporting requirements of the SGX-ST Listing Rules Practice Note 7.6 

Sustainability Reporting Guide, and is prepared with reference to the GRI Standards (2016), one of the 

global best practice guides for reporting on ESG factors.  

 

This Report references the following GRI Standards in line with the identified material topics: 

 

Material Topic 

GRI Topic 

GRI Disclosure 

Energy 

GRI 302: Energy 2016 

 

Disclosure 302-3  

Energy Intensity 

Regulatory Compliance 

GRI 307: Environmental 

Compliance 2016 

Disclosure 307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations 

Training and Education 

GRI 404: Training and 

Education 2016 

Disclosure 404-3 

Percentage of employees receiving 

regular performance and career 

development reviews 

Regulatory Compliance 

GRI 419: Socioeconomic 

Compliance 2016 

Disclosure 419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and economic 

area 

 

The data presented in this Report corresponds to the operations mentioned in the reporting boundary, 

while the financial data presented covers the Group. We publish our sustainability reports annually, with 

the last published report for the financial year ended 31 December 2019. Our sustainability reports are 

available on our corporate website1. 

 

Feedback from our concerned stakeholders is of utmost importance to us as it will enable us to 

continuously improve our policies, processes and performance. 

 

Queries may be directed to: 

Email: ir@bigl.com.sg 

Website: https://www.bw-grp.com/ 

Address: 3 Fusionopolis Way, #13-26 Symbiosis, Singapore 138633 

Phone: +65 6236 0088  

 

 

1 

https://www.bw-grp.com/investor_relations_home.htm 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

5 | P a g e 

 



SUSTAINABILITY AT BROADWAY 

 

At Broadway, we follow our five-pronged sustainability approach to expand our business and achieve 

our overarching goals. The components of our sustainability strategy include Economic Performance, 

Environmental Responsibilities, Labour Practices, Health and Safety, and Sustainability Governance. 

Through the holistic management and integration of these components, we strive to generate positive 

economic, environmental and social impacts for our stakeholders. 

 

With an increase in consumer awareness and education, the consumers are predominantly concerned 

with the environmental and social impacts of the products they purchase, particularly in the electronics 

industry where sustainability issues affect global value chains. It is therefore vital to remain sensitive to 

consumer demands and needs along our supply chain to serve our customers sustainably and continue 

to succeed in our business viably.  

 

Adhering to the robust Responsible Business Alliance (“RBA”) Code of Conduct, we uphold the same 

level of common standards that our major customer and all new suppliers also adhere to. The adoption 

of the RBA Code of Conduct as the overarching management strategy of our ESG issues allows us to 

follow a standardised framework for managing our ESG concerns and fulfil the expectations of our 

stakeholders.  

 

Broadway’s Sustainability Approach 

Economic 

Performance 

We strive to continue to deliver healthy economic performance to our 

stakeholders by adapting to changes and capitalising on opportunities.  

Environmental 

Responsibilities 

We endeavour to conserve natural resources to reduce our environmental 

impact. 

Labour Practices 

We treat our employees with dignity and respect. We also support employee 

development through training.  

Health and Safety 

We are committed to providing a safe working environment for our employees. 

Sustainability 

Governance 

We conduct our business with high levels of integrity and accountability. We 

also ensure that our major customer and all new suppliers adhere to a common 

code of conduct set by the RBA. 

 

 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

6 | P a g e 

 



MANAGING BUSINESS CONTINUITY DURING COVID-19 

 

As we navigate through the different phases of the COVID-19 pandemic and the consequent economic 

and social impacts across different geographies, our priority is always to safeguard and support our 

employees and our communities. We will continue to monitor and adapt to the COVID-19 related 

measures and review the new working protocols implemented in line with the local government 

regulations. 

 

The Board is kept informed on the Group’s performance at least quarterly, along with the potential 

impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic on our business operations. Management also updates the 

Board on timely actions undertaken to mitigate the negative impacts caused by the COVID-19 

pandemic. 

 

The COVID-19 pandemic and the aftermath of the pandemic have caused and continue to cause 

disruptions resulting in uncertainties surrounding the Group’s business, including affecting its 

relationships with its existing and future customers, suppliers and employees, and which had and may 

continue to have an adverse effect on its financial position, financial performance of operations, cash 

flows and prospects for the foreseeable future. Other entities are also evolving. These uncertainties 

gave rise to difficulties in making an accurate assessment by Management of the future financial 

impacts on the Group. Management will continue to closely monitor the further economic development 

and its impact.  

 

The business conduct was greatly impacted due to the pandemic. However, the business activities were 

conducted with due safety precautions and vigilance. The travel of our employees of both the facilities 

was hindered because of the pandemic and this was tackled by following the border control measures 

and quarantine protocols of the various countries while prioritising the safety of our employees. All non-

essential travels were discouraged, and travel declarations were to be made in compliance with the 

local government regulations. 

 

Despite the negative outlook and uncertainty, the Company was able to mitigate the impacts of the 

COVID-19 pandemic by reducing costs, streamlining processes, improving productivity and 

strengthening quality performance through the restructuring and consolidation of our HDD operations. 

As a result, there was minimal impact to our productions in China and Thailand. We did not face any 

issue of labour shortage despite the COVID-19 outbreak and we continue to meet the level of production 

and customer satisfaction. Nonetheless, the increase in global freight and transportation costs as well 

as masks and glove prices have impacted us, like many other companies.   

 

During the onset of the pandemic, we took immediate actions by setting up committees in each site, 

implementing a COVID-19 pandemic emergency preparedness and response plan, and communicating 

preventive measures to our stakeholders. To ensure business continuity, the COVID-19 prevention and 

control committee is tasked, inter alia, to implement and execute the response plan and monitor and 

update on the developments in their respective jurisdictions. Each committee comprises the emergency 

control team, recovery team, internal/external communication team, transportation team, and risk 

assessment and screening team, working together to ensure a holistic execution of the response plan. 

We take a strong view and will take strict actions against our employees for any breach of preventive 

measures. We actively communicate with our employees and ensure that they follow the preventive 

measures strictly. We will continue to monitor the situation to ensure the safety of our employees and 

to ensure business continuity in the interests of the Group and our stakeholders. 

 

 

 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

7 | P a g e 

 



The safety and well-being of our stakeholders is of paramount importance. Following the outbreak of 

the COVID-19 pandemic, we had implemented mandatory health and safety protocols issued by the 

government agencies for our employees. The precautionary guidelines were also extended to our 

visitors and suppliers. Employees, visitors and suppliers were required to wear their masks at all times 

and also had to screen and declare their temperature before entering BIGL premises. BIGL provides 

the necessary protective equipment, such as face masks and alcohol sanitisers, to our employees, and 

conducts regular training sessions to brief our employees on the best practices to help prevent COVID-

19 in the workplace. Other safety and precautionary measures include telecommuting only if necessary, 

implementing team segregation and staggered working hours, and recording information for contact 

tracing purposes. In addition, the common factory areas and employee transportation are cleaned daily 

by 70% isopropyl alcohol. 

 

 

COVID-19 Protocols 

 

In line with our COVID-19 pandemic emergency preparedness and response plan, we ensure that 

our employees follow the daily health and safety protocols strictly. 

 

 

 

 

Figure: Employees undergoing Health &amp; Safety Protocols 

 

 

 

 








 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

8 | P a g e 

 



Social Initiatives during COVID-19 Pandemic 

 

Broadway is an advocate of giving back to the community to create a happier, more inclusive society, 

and hopes that such initiatives will inculcate the gift of sharing in our employees. 

 

In May 2020, BTH held a “Helping Hands Coronavirus (COVID-19) Campaign” where our employees 

donated basic sustenance to ‘The Pantry of Sharing’ in Ayutthaya province. The campaign was well 

received by both our employees and the beneficiaries, and had instilled a caring heart in our employees 

to give and share with the community.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

Figure: Helping Hands Coronavirus Campaign2 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2 

The campaign was held during the COVID-19 pandemic, where all COVID-19 guidelines were strictly followed. The wearing 

of mask was mandatory throughout the campaign and safe distancing measures were observed. 










 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

9 | P a g e 

 



STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

We believe that through strong collaboration with our stakeholders, sustainability can be fully and 

integrated into the Group’s business operations. We identify key stakeholders as parties who are either 

significantly affected by or have the capacity to significantly influence our activities and operations. We 

constantly engaged with the various stakeholders over the course of the year in an open two-way 

dialogue to maintain lasting and mutually beneficial relationships.  

 

Our open and transparent dialogues with our stakeholders have been the greatest source of inputs for 

our development activities. By understanding the evolving needs of our stakeholders, we strive to stay 

relevant and agile in the changing market. On our journey ahead, we plan to explore deeper by 

integrating sustainability into our regular communications with stakeholders at every level, thus 

strengthening our mechanism to identify business challenges and opportunities.  

 

In line with the COVID-19 restrictions, Broadway held its first virtual Annual General Meeting in 2020 

and continued to engage with our stakeholders amidst the pandemic. 

 

Stakeholders 

What They Expect 

from Us 

Engagement 

Methods 

Frequency 

 

Employees  

 

 To work in a safe 

and inclusive 

environment 

 To be updated on 

our latest strategic 

developments and 

feel empowered 

 To develop 

professionally and 

grow expertise 

 To maintain work-

life balance 

 

 

 Safety talks 

 Safety Newsletter 

 

 Annually 

 Monthly 

 

 Employee Tea 

Party 

 Suggestion Box 

(employee feedback 

channels) 

 Diet Committee 

Meeting 

 Every 2 weeks 

 

 Throughout the year 

 

 

 Every 2 months 

 

 Training and career 

development 

programmes 

 Throughout the year 

 

 Happy Workplace 

Project 

(engagement and 

CSR activities) 

 Every 2 months 

 

 Long Service Award  

 10, 15 and 20 years for BTH 

 

 

Investors / 

Shareholders 

 

 

 

 To disseminate 

accurate and 

timely information 

on our progress 

and profitability, 

with updates on 

future plans 

 To disclose ESG 

performance 

 To operate 

business ethically 

 To keep up to date 

with customer and 

market trends 

 

 Release of financial 

results and other 

relevant disclosures 

through SGXNet 

and Broadway’s 

corporate website 

 Investors Relations 

policy published on 

Broadway’s 

corporate website 

 Annual General 

Meeting 

 

 Throughout the year 

 

 

 

 

 

 Annually 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

10 | P a g e 

 



Stakeholders 

What They Expect 

from Us 

Engagement 

Methods 

Frequency 

 

Customers 

 

 

 To be supplied 

with products of 

good quality 

 To fulfil customers’ 

ESG management 

requirements, such 

as compliance with 

the RBA Code of 

Conduct 

 

 Strategy alignment 

meeting with key 

customers 

 

 Quarterly 

 

 Quarterly Business 

Review / Quarterly 

Quality score 

Review (QQR)  

 Quarterly 

 

 

 Process 

Management Plan 

Audit 

 Quantitative Project 

Management data 

upload 

 Quarterly 

 

 

 Daily 

 

 

Suppliers  

 

 To engage in 

collaborative 

partnership for 

mutual growth 

 To streamline 

procurement 

workflows, clearly 

defining 

expectations  

 

 Quality on-site 

audits 

 

 Annually 

 

 QQR score review 

 Quarterly 

 

 Incoming Quality 

Assurance Review 

 Daily 

 

 

 

 

Local Communities 

 

 

 

 

 

 To be a 

responsible and 

caring corporate 

citizen, serving the 

local communities 

 

 CSR activities 

 

 Quarterly 

 

As a commitment to constantly improve on our quality, we meet regularly with our suppliers and send 

surveys to them to gather feedback and to implement positive changes. We also arrange plant visits for 

our suppliers and customers and conduct frequent audits to ensure quality improvements. 

 

Materiality Assessment 

 

We identify material topics that provide insight into our stakeholder concerns as well as the internal and 

external risk factors that may impact our business. The material ESG issues help us to focus on issues 

at the conjunction of our business goals and stakeholders’ expectations. An assessment of materiality 

hence allows us to identify most relevant aspects, which aids in defining our sustainability goals and 

their alignment with our business aspirations. 

 

The assessment of material topics is a steady process which helps our organisation determine the 

topics depending on the relevance to create value to our business. We determine our reporting 

boundaries based on the impacts where we have active control over as our material factors have 

impacts all along the value chain. 

 

We undertake an annual review through a structured process to prioritise the key topics material to our 

stakeholders and the Group across the economic, environmental and social bottom lines. This process 

was in line with the GRI Standards Materiality Principle and therefore the factors determined formed 

the basis of our sustainability efforts and reporting.  

 

 

 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

11 | P a g e 

 



Selection 

Assessment 

Prioritisation 

• 

Emerging global and local 

sustainability trends  

• 

Sustainability topics 

identified by our peers 

• 

Review of our impacts 

• 

Identification of topics 

based on risks and 

opportunities at an 

organisational level 

• 

Material topics were 

shortlisted based on the 

significance of their 

economic, environmental 

and social impacts and 

substantive influence on the 

assessments and decisions 

of our stakeholders 

• 

Interaction with functional 

heads and senior 

management 

representatives in the 

organisation 

• 

Inputs from internal and 

external stakeholders 

 

The Group adopts a two-pronged approach to determine the material factors by considering any 

changes in the internal business activities as well as the external local and global sustainability 

landscape. This year, the Board reviewed the 7 selected material factors and considered them against 

the backdrop of the previous years. Taking into consideration our current business operations and the 

sustainability landscape, the existing 7 ESG factors are still considered to be relevant and material to 

our business. These are shown in the following table, in alignment with our sustainability strategy: 

 

Economic 

Performance 

Environmental 

Responsibilities 

Labour 

Practices 

Health  

and Safety 

Sustainability 

Governance 

• Economic 

Performance 

• Energy 

• Waste and 

Effluents 

 

• Training and 

Education 

 

 

 

 

 

• Occupational 

Health and 

Safety 

 

 

 

 

• Regulatory 

Compliance 

• Supplier 

Environmental 

and Social 

Assessment 

 

 

 

 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

12 | P a g e 

 



SUSTAINABILITY PERFORMANCE 

 

Key Performance at Glance 

 

 

2020 

2019 

Energy 

Direct Energy (GJ) 

486.23 

553.00 

Indirect Energy (GJ) 

86,380.98 

90,840.24 

Waste and Effluents 

Hazardous Waste (MT) 

22.543 

16.28 

Non-Hazardous Waste (MT) 

567.23 

1,014.89 

Occupational Health and Safety 

Number of Workplace Fatalities  

Zero Fatalities 

Number of Workplace Injuries 

2 

4 

Regulatory Compliance 

Zero incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations 

around environment and socio-economic areas 

 

Supplier Environmental and 

Social Assessment 

100% of new suppliers to comply with the RBA Code of 

Conduct 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

3 

Please refer to the section on ‘Waste and Effluents’ in this Report for more information. 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

13 | P a g e 

 



ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

At Broadway, we strive to pursue excellent economic performance in conjunction with sustainable ESG 

performance. We continue to grow and evolve, creating value by building competitive global-scale 

businesses and delivering increased shareholder value. 

 

Further details of our 2020 financial performance can be found in BIGL’s 2020 Annual Report, which is 

available at both our corporate website at https://www.bw-grp.com/annual_reports.htm and the SGX 

website at https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements. 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITIES 

 

Our commitment to environmental sustainability focuses on reducing negative impacts on the planet 

and ensuring our long-term financial viability. Climate action and management of energy, water and 

waste are the key elements of our environmental responsibility across our business operations. In 

planning and implementing various activities, we focus on mitigating any negative impacts to the 

environment. 

 

Our efforts embrace opportunities and focus on tackling global sustainability challenges. We strive to 

achieve the highest standards of environmental compliance by ensuring that our environmental policy 

entails a systematic approach to environmental management planning to achieve continual 

performance improvement.  

 

To manage our environmental performance, we have been implementing ISO 14001: 2015 

Environment Management System Standards since October 2005. Our current certificate is the 

recertification by BSI which will expire in April 2024. We aim to ensure 100% compliance with all 

environmental regulatory requirements. Our environmental performance is reviewed quarterly by 

Management which includes the review of the progress against environmental KPIs. During the period 

covered by this Report, we did not receive any significant fines or sanctions for non-compliance with 

environmental legislations. 

 

To ensure a robust environment management system, we have defined 3 focus areas: Energy, Water 

conservation, Waste and effluents management. 

 

Energy 

 

As part of our focus on sustainability, we recognise that such efforts should be ongoing and therefore, 

we aim at minimising energy consumption to reduce carbon footprint and drive transformation towards 

efficient energy operations. Our business operations are reliant majorly on the consumption of energy, 

mainly in the form of electricity used for the operations of machines and air-conditioning. Non-renewable 

fuels like diesel are also used for backup generators, however, their use is minimal. Therefore, energy 

is a critical resource for the continued operations of our business and is hence one of our focus areas 

to mitigate environmental footprints.  

 

We have an Environmental Policy implemented by Management, articulating the Group’s commitment 

to reduce our impact and systematically help us in managing our energy performance at each of our 

sites. We also continue to follow our energy masterplan which tracks targeted KPIs along energy 

reduction initiatives. We closely monitor the status of activities planned for energy reduction and 

efficiency through daily checks and monthly analytical reports.  

 

Energy conservation plans from various departments are considered to set a goal to reduce energy 

consumption. We also provide training to our employees on guidelines for energy conservation.  

 

 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

14 | P a g e 

 



Our energy performance for the reporting year is as follows: 

 

2020 Performance 

Energy Consumption 

• 

Direct energy consumption:4  486.23 GJ 

• 

Indirect energy consumption:5  86,380.98 GJ 

Energy Intensity 

• 

Energy intensity:  0.89 MJ/unit of production 

2020 Performance against 2020 Target 

Energy Intensity 

• 

Reduce energy intensity by 10% from 2019 

levels 

 

• 

Not achieved as a result of product mix 

changes towards longer machining cycle 

time 

2021 Target 

• 

Reduce energy intensity per dollar of sales by 10% from 2020 levels  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

In terms of energy intensity per dollar value of sales, the above decrease in energy intensity translates 

to a 56% reduction, from 0.27 MJ/unit per dollar of sales in 2019 to 0.12 MJ/unit per dollar of sales in 

2020. Per unit of production, the Company achieved a 2% overall reduction in energy intensity. The 

product sales mix has evolved in 2020 as compared to 2019 with BIGL manufacturing and selling more 

products that require longer manufacturing process cycle time. These products with longer 

manufacturing process cycle time consume more electricity for machining and washing than the other 

products. We will strive towards a 10% reduction in energy intensity per dollar value of sales target for 

the forthcoming year. 

 

4 

Direct Energy: Total fuel consumption within the Group from non-renewable sources, in joules or multiples, and including 

fuel types used. 

5 

Indirect energy: Electricity purchased from vendors for operational purposes. 

0.68

0.91

0.89

0.00

0.20

0.40

0.60

0.80

1.00

2018

2019

2020

Energy Intensity 

(MJ/unit of production)

Year

Energy Intensity

0.24

0.27

0.12

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

2018

2019

2020

Energy Intensity 

(MJ/dollar of sales)

Year

Energy Intensity


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

15 | P a g e 

 



The implementation of strategic interventions to enhance energy efficiency is one of our key focus 

areas. As part of our continuous improvement, various energy efficiency initiatives were in place during 

the year including: 

 

• 

Replacement of fluorescent lamps in the factory to Light-Emitting Diode (“LED”) 

• 

Replacement of air-conditioning split type units to chilled water type 

• 

Regular maintenance of all equipment to ensure optimal performance and reduce energy 

consumption 

• 

Regular maintenance to reduce the speed of FFU to maintain some FCU &amp; OAC units for 

standby support 

 

 

BTH: Replaced the lighting from spotlight (HPS) to LED flood light at car park 

 

The replacement of the spotlight to the LED light in the car park has reduced our energy consumption. 

The spotlight type is more expensive and has higher energy consumption than the LED flood light 

type which achieves the same level of brightness while consuming less energy. It had led us to save 

THB 64,750 while reducing 18,877 Kwh of energy per year.  

 

 

Water Conservation 

 

Our Environmental Policy also focuses on reducing water wastage and seeks opportunities to 

implement water discharge system in order to reduce water consumption. We endeavour to maximise 

water efficiency in our processes by monitoring and recording raw water usage, using recycled water, 

etc. This allows us to better track our consumption and alert the team on any potential leakages in the 

piping systems. 

 

Precision manufacturing requires high-purity water for cleaning by removing ions in raw water through 

a de-ionising process. We have a sophisticated water recycling system which allows us to recycle 25% 

of inlet raw water to the factories. We have also implemented various initiatives for water conservation 

and recycling as mentioned below: 

 

• 

Installation of water-efficient fittings to recycle Deionised (DI) water 

• 

Reuse water rejects for floor cleaning purposes in the toilets 

• 

Recycle wastewater from DI water station for toilet flushing 

• 

Maintenance of piping system to ensure there is no leakage and facilitate regulated monitoring 

to record every shift for the raw water usage from each water meter in the factories 

 

 

Recycle of wastewater from Washing machine (JCS) 

 

Raw water from underground storage tank undergoes DI process at filtering contamination station. 

Then, this DI water from washing machine is processed and recycled by using sophisticated 

technology. It helps in recycling 72% DI water.  

 

 

 

 

 

 




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

16 | P a g e 

 



Waste and Effluents 

 

We are driven towards reducing waste in our daily operations as we aim to continue improving the 

efficiency of our operations. In line with our efforts on environmental sustainability, we implement waste 

minimisation initiatives through the “3R” approach, which promotes “Reduce, Reuse, and Recycle”.  

 

Waste is inevitably produced at a number of stages in the manufacturing process. We have provisioned 

for waste collection in our offices and factories to minimise the environmental impacts. The waste 

generated is constantly monitored across our business operations, with a single focus on reducing 

waste generation at the source. Before the disposal of waste, it is treated appropriately to avoid harm 

to the environment and human health.  

 

At BIGL, waste generated is broadly categorised into: 

 

• 

Recyclables including paper, carton boxes, metal scrap, plastics, electronics, pallets and 

shipping trays; 

• 

Non-recyclables including general waste and process waste; and 

• 

Hazardous waste including chemicals and heavy metals. 

 

2020 Performance 

Waste  

• 

Hazardous waste: 22.54 MT6 

• 

Non-hazardous waste: 567.2 MT 

Compliance 

• 

Zero incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations concerning waste management / 

disposal 

2020 Performance against 2020 Target 

Waste Management Compliance 

• 

Zero incidents of non-compliance with laws and 

regulations concerning waste management / 

disposal 

 

• 

Achieved  

2021 Target 

• 

Zero incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations concerning waste management / 

disposal 

 

We are guided by an internal waste management policy which allows us to standardise the definition of 

each waste category and specify the corresponding storage and disposal methods. The handling of 

each waste type is colour-coded and clearly delegated to the respective departments. Hazardous waste 

is handled with extra precaution and we are careful to follow all regulations where relevant. We also 

carry out weekly audits and perform regular checks to ensure that our policies are adhered to and the 

waste disposal is conducted through authorised agencies. In addition, we also constantly work to 

improve our environmental management system. One of the ways we reduce our waste is by improving 

our packaging designs, and we have implemented a system for packaging, particularly our pallets, for 

reuse. As a policy, we recycle 100% of our recyclable waste. 

 

We have engaged Hitech Industrial Estate, a third-party specialist, for BTH and the Environmental 

Protection Agency for BWX, in alignment with the local governments’ directives to monitor our effluents 

and ensure that our wastewater quality meets the statutory environmental requirements on an annual 

basis. Our water conservation initiatives are aimed towards reducing water requirements in our 

operations and reducing discharge of wastewater via recycling technologies. 

 

 

 

 

 

6 

Regarding the increment in hazardous waste, a new national solid waste pollution prevention and control law dated 30 

September 2020 was released. Hence, BWX reconstructed its post-assessment report guidelines based on the law 

pertaining to the environmental impact on solid waste in 2020, effectively allowing the increase in the types and quantity of 

hazardous waste. 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

17 | P a g e 

 



LABOUR PRACTICES 

 

Talent Retention 

 

We treat our employees as a vital part of the Group and so our employees are our top priority. We 

believe in providing equal opportunities and fair labour practices for all and endeavour to create an 

inclusive work environment. Diversity is key in enabling a creative and productive workforce, and we 

employ qualified candidates without discrimination of gender, age, ethnicity, religion, marital status, 

sexual orientation, trade union association or national origin. The agile, diverse and resilient workforce 

is an integral aspect of BIGL’s continued success. 

 

a) 

New Hires 

 

We recognise the importance of talent retention to ensure the quality of our productivity and reduce 

unnecessary costs of hiring new talent. As such, we strive to foster an inclusive and nurturing working 

environment and continually invest in our employees to develop employee talent. BTH implements an 

annual performance review and evaluation for employees who have worked with the company for at 

least 6 months and have displayed outstanding performance, or are highly-skilled and professional. 

BWX also provides employees with promotion opportunities after 6 months with the company.  

 

In the manufacturing industry, it is not uncommon to have more females as they are physically more 

suited to handle small component precision products, as well as a younger workforce. Nonetheless, 

BIGL endorses a diverse working environment and prohibits any form of discrimination, including 

gender discrimination.  

 

BTH and BWX hired a total of 359 new employees in 2020, with a ratio of about 56% male hires. The 

average age of our employees is 35 years old which is a good age to create a vibrant, energetic and 

dynamic working environment. BIGL bases our employee hire rate on the sales volume, production plan 

and IE function calculation. There was an increase in BIGL’s 2020 sales volume and an expansion of 

production plans, which explains the increase in new hires. To control our turnover rate, we organise 

engagement activities and two-way communication initiatives with our employees such as Human 

Resource Shift Meeting, Lunch with Management, our ‘Better Together’ Newsletter, a communication 

board and a suggestion box.  

 

Human Resource Shift Meeting is a two-way communication project to increase the communication 

channels, to share information, and training and listen to the employee feedback for improvement.  

 

 

Figure: Human Resource Shift Meeting in Progress7 

 

 

 

 

7 

The shift meetings that took place during the COVID-19 pandemic strictly adhered to all COVID-19 guidelines. The wearing 

of mask was mandatory throughout the exercise, and safe distancing measures were observed. 




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

18 | P a g e 

 



Lunch with Management is another initiative to build a happy workplace and, in turn, improve 

productivity and quality. For the successful implementation of this initiative, we had set up 3 groups for 

lunch with Management to facilitate two-way communications with employees to gather feedback and 

work towards improvement.  

 

 

Figure: Lunch with Management Initiative8 

 

As of 31st December 2020, BIGL had a total of 2,071 full-time employees in BTH and BWX. 

 

 

 

 

 

Our governance systems consider essential elements like diversity and experience. Keeping these 

factors in mind, our BIGL Board consists of 5 Directors, of whom 1 is female. 

 

Our employee compensation is aligned with the market and we provide a range of benefits to our 

employees such as medical care, paid annual leave and gifts during traditional festivals. 

 

 

8 

The initiative took place during the COVID-19 pandemic. Masks were only removed for the purpose of photo taking and all 

COVID-19 guidelines were followed. 



27%

73%

Employees - By Gender

Male

Female

28%

68%

4%

Employees - By Age

&lt; 30 years old

30 - 50 years old

&gt; 50 years old

202

157

New Employee Hires - By Gender

Male

Female

167

186

6

New Employee Hires - By Age

&lt; 30 years old

30 - 50 years old

&gt; 50 years old


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

19 | P a g e 

 



b) 

Employee Turnover  

 

A high rate of employee turnover can indicate levels of uncertainty and dissatisfaction among 

employees. Turnover results affect the human and intellectual capital of an organisation and can impact 

productivity while bearing direct cost implications. We strive to reward our employees fairly based on 

their abilities, performance, contributions and experience. In accordance with the local government 

incentives, we have implemented a “Perfect Attendance” initiative to reward employees with full 

attendance an incentive to foster and reward good behaviours. 

 

We monitor the employee turnover through monthly reports generated by the Human Resource 

Department. This helps Management to have a better understanding of the rate and reasons for 

employee turnover, thereby enabling the Group to improve or make necessary adjustments to our 

practices.  

 

Employee Well-Being 

 

The Group recognises the importance of family and goes beyond our workplace environment to 

continue fostering an inclusive and compassionate space by celebrating festivals and holidays with 

each other.  

 

On Buddhist Lent Day, we offered Buddhist Lent candles to make merit and bring good fortune for the 

year. In addition, we hosted a “Poem from Heart’ contest for Mother’s Day to show appreciation to all 

mothers.  

 

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we celebrated Songkran Festival, the Thai New Year’s national 

holiday, in 2020 differently with a social message. We continuously stress the importance of our 

employees staying responsible, safe and healthy during the COVID-19 pandemic for their loved ones. 

We encouraged employees to avoid travelling and held a contest where we invited them to capture, tag 

and share #SafeCOVID19 and #STAYHOMESTAYSAFE during the Songkran Festival. We are 

heartened that employees were able to enjoy the festival and their moods were not hampered by the 

COVID-19 restrictions. 

 

 

Figure: Songkran festival being celebrated via STAYHOMESTAYSAFE Campaign 

 

 

 




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

20 | P a g e 

 



We are proud to have employees who exhibit excellent performance and attitude. As such, we show 

our appreciation for their hard work and dedication.  

 

 

BTH: “THANK YOU” token of appreciation 

 

In December 2020, BTH rewarded a “THANK YOU” token of appreciation gift to all employees 

(including outsourced labour) for achieving the monthly target for the highest sales. Employees were 

motivated to continue their positive contributions to BIGL. 

 

 

 

Figure: Employees receiving their Token of Appreciation9 

 

 

BTH: ‘We Care’ Initiative 

 

The BTH ‘We Care’ initiative endeavors to share smile, good health and happiness with our 

employees. We visit employees to send our blessings and good wishes when they deliver to newborn 

or undergo surgery at hospital. We also send our condolences to employees during the bereavement 

of their family members. 

 

 

Figure: Initiative under BTH ‘We Care’10 

 

 

BWX also organised various events to spread happiness and build cohesion among our employees, 

including lunch with Management, the celebration of Mid-Autumn Festival, and team bonding games. 

During the year, BWX revamped the staff canteen to create and advocate a warm, clean and efficient 

work environment for our employees. To ensure the safety of our employees, BWX distributed masks, 

performed temperature monitoring and did regular disinfection of workplaces. Furthermore, emotional 

support was extended to our employees through the dissemination of training materials that included 

critical information such as relevant hotlines for the centers of disease control, and kept open 

communication channels via the company’s official social network accounts to successfully mitigate the 

crisis.  

 

 

 

9 

The tokens of appreciation and gifts under the BTH “We Care” Initiative were handed out during the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Masks were only removed for the purpose of photo taking and all COVID-19 guidelines were followed. 








 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

21 | P a g e 

 



Training and Education 

 

Training and education of our employees is crucial to helping them stay relevant in the dynamic market. 

It also helps in upskilling themselves for making advancements of their personal career goals. Training 

thus keeps the workforce equipped for meeting the ever-changing demands of the market. It is both a 

responsibility and an opportunity for our business to provide our employees with internal and external 

training supports that will bolster our growth and their career progression.  

 

2020 Performance 

Employee Performance Reviews 

• 

100% of eligible employees received regular performance reviews 

2020 Performance against 2020 Targets 

Employee Performance Reviews 

• 

100% of eligible employees receiving regular performance 

reviews 

• 

Achieve an average of 6 training hours per year for each 

employee 

 

• Achieved 

 

• Achieved 

2021 Targets 

• 

100% of eligible employees receiving regular performance reviews 

• 

Achieve an average of 6 training hours per year for each employee  

 

We provide a variety of learning and development programmes to cater to the dynamic learning needs 

of our employees. These training programmes cover broad range of topics such as management and 

leadership expertise, professional skills training, software and languages. In 2020, our employees 

received an average of 6 training hours per employee. The trainings conducted at both BTH and BWX 

were in accordance with BIGL’s 2020 Yearly Training Plan. Hence, they were in compliance with the 

safety law, ISO requirements, and BIGL’s group policies. To ensure utmost quality, there were both 

internal and external trainers to conduct these training sessions. 

 

The various trainings that were conducted for employees at both facilities include:  

 

Employee Training 

Sexual harassment 

prevention and 

workplace bullying 

To prevent sexual harassment and bullying in workplace, 18 supervisors 

attended the sexual harassment prevention and workplace bullying training 

in September 2020. 

First Aid Training 

The first aid team and 15 supervisors attended the training in October 

2020. The objective was to facilitate the understanding of the basic 

concepts of first aid. 

Forklift Training 

Forklift training was conducted for employees to be well equipped with the 

safety laws and the know-how to operate forklifts safely. The Ministry of 

Labour has announced that forklifts must only be operated by trained forklift 

drivers. 

Chemical Spill 

Training 

In October 2020, a total of 18 employees attended Chemical Spill training 

class. Employees who used chemicals were required to attend and 

complete the training. 

Fire Training 

Three courses on fire training were held in 2020, with a total participation 

of 108 employees. The purpose of the training was to increase employees’ 

skills, knowledge and know-how to use a fire extinguisher and follow the 

fire evacuation plan. 

Advance Excel 

Training 

In November 2020, 17 employees attended a class on Advanced Pivot 

Table and Chart Excel 2016 and learnt about pivot tables and charts as 

tools to aid them in their work. 

 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

22 | P a g e 

 



 

 

Figure10: 

(Left) Sexual Harassment Prevention and Workplace Bullying Training 

(Right) First Aid Training 

 

 

Figure: 

(Left) Chemical Spill Training 

(Right) Basic Fire Fighting Training 

 

To further support the professional career development of our employees, annual performance reviews 

are conducted to communicate employees’ performance and career goals. In 2020, 100% of our 

employees received feedback on their performance with suggestions for improvement from their 

supervisors. 

 

 

BTH: Employee Training 

 

An employee training on ‘Quality Awareness’ and BIGL Values, Code of Conduct, Workplace 

Harassment was conducted in September 2020 to ensure that our employees are regularly updated 

on the Group’s various policies. 

 

 

 

Figure: ‘Quality Awareness’ Employee Training 

 

 

 

 

10 

The employee trainings depicted in the figures were held during the COVID-19 pandemic. All COVID-19 guidelines were 

followed. Employees maintained safe distancing and the wearing of mask was mandatory throughout the trainings. 














 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

23 | P a g e 

 



HEALTH AND SAFETY 

 

Occupational health and safety (“OHS”) is an integral topic for the smooth functioning of our business 

operations. Due to the nature of our business in electronic manufacturing, we recognise that our 

employees may be exposed to a certain degree of health and safety risks and as a responsible 

employer, we are committed to ensuring that these risks are mitigated and managed. Awareness of the 

potential safety hazards is the first step towards preventing them and it is only through knowledge that 

we can address and implement ways of prevention. We strive to provide a safe, healthy and conducive 

work environment for all our employees and aim to minimise all work-related injuries. The manufacturing 

locations of BIGL adhere to the OHS Manual which is based on OHSAS 18001 standards as well as 

the national safety standards of the respective operating locations. In addition, each site has a Safety 

Committee.  

 

The following flow chart outlines our management process about OHS. While OHS responsibilities are 

shared among all departments, the manual specifies the responsibilities of each department for specific 

OHS issues, thus bringing about transparency and accountability. We have also taken initiatives such 

as integrating OHS training in onboarding programmes and encouraging all employees to take 

ownership of their health and safety and take actions to improve the OHS management system.  

 

Since 2020 was an uncertain year, our Group also came up with a COVID-19 response plan to mitigate 

health risks which includes the following steps: 

 

• 

Pandemic emergency response team organisation 

• 

Role &amp; responsibility of epidemic emergency response team 

• 

Prevention plan before the emergency 

• 

Emergency response and suspension plan   

• 

Recovery plan after emergency 

• 

Communication 

 

 

 

 

 




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

24 | P a g e 

 



Each Safety Committee has specific responsibilities to prioritise the health and safety of our employees 

by ensuring policies and procedures are implemented effectively. Each Safety Committee comprises 

the General Manager, the OHS Management Representative, the Management Committee, the ISO 

45001 Steering Committee, supervisors and operators. All parties are responsible for the aspects of the 

OHS management system that they have control over and ensure our operations are in accordance 

with the OHS policies, objectives and programme. This includes hazard identification, risk assessment 

and control, and compliance of OHS legal and other requirements.  

 

Our Safety Committees also consistently monitor the effectiveness of the OHS system and conduct 

regular internal audits. All non-conformities and incidents are reported to Management, and corrective 

and preventive actions are taken by the relevant parties immediately.   

 

2020 Performance 

Occupational Health and Safety 

• 

Zero workplace injuries resulting in a fatality or permanent injury 

2020 Performance against 2020 Target 

Occupational Health and Safety 

• 

Zero workplace injuries resulting in a fatality or 

permanent injury  

 

• 

Achieved 

2021 Target 

• 

Zero workplace injuries resulting in a fatality or permanent injury 

 

We are proud to report that in 2020, there were no workplace fatalities, and we continue to commit to 

maintaining this in 2021.  

 

 

2020 

2019 

Number of Workplace Fatalities  

Number of workplace deaths  

– 

– 

Accident Frequency Rate (AFR)11 

Number of lost-time injuries per million man-hours worked  

0.34 

0.66 

Accident Severity Rate (ASR)12 

Number of lost days per million man-hours worked  

10.38 

10.22 

Absentee Rate13 

Number of absentee days per employee per year  

2.6114 

2.18 

 

We conduct regular internal audits and reviews from Management related to the OHS management 

system to ensure that it is constantly upgraded, efficiently maintained and properly executed. Relevant 

reviews and feedback are then communicated to our employees and other relevant interested parties. 

We also conduct various safety initiatives to create awareness amongst our employees like safety 

slogan activities and safe driving campaigns. 

 

 

 

 

11 



12 


× 1,000,000. A lost day is a day of medical leave as a result of a lost-time injury.   

13 


An absentee day is a day of medical leave because of incapacity of any kind, not just as the result of work-related injury or 

disease, excluding permitted leave absences such as holidays, study, maternity or paternity leave, and compassionate 

leave.   

14 

There was an increase in absentee rate as BWX was required to operate in compliance with the local government’s epidemic 

control response to COVID-19 during festive periods to mitigate potential outbreaks.  


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

25 | P a g e 

 



The identification of risks is a key step in the process of cultivating a safe and healthy work environment. 

Regular checks are conducted around the workplace to identify the areas of potential risks. Based on 

experience and regular site visits, we have categorised occupational hazards into 5 different risk levels 

based on a matrix of:  

 

• 

Possibility of occurrence;  

• 

Frequency of exposure for employees; and  

• 

Severity of consequence. 

 

Once risks are identified, we strengthen our preparedness by conducting regular checks and arranging 

contingency plans. For example, for all chemicals, we obtain a Material Safety Data Sheet from our 

suppliers, which documents the potential hazards (health, fire, reactivity and environmental) of each 

chemical product and how to work with the products safely. Moreover, labelling of chemicals and its 

subsequent dangers are signposted to manage any potential hazards. All relevant employees are 

trained to understand how to handle the chemicals and the standard safety procedures in chemical 

storage, transportation and utilisation.  

 

We conduct annual fire drills and perform monthly safety patrols in our factories. Any practices that 

raise possible concerns are recorded and follow-up remediation is monitored and tracked to minimise 

hazards and control risks. We also regularly upgrade our equipment to provide our employees with all 

the necessary safety equipment required to perform their job functions safely. Additionally, we also 

educate our employees on the potential health risks and safety hazards in the work environment to 

spread awareness and reduce any potential risks. We conduct annual first aid trainings, including 

classroom demonstrations, for our employees. All these were done by undertaking preventive 

measures and following the health and safety protocols like wearing of masks and sanitisation. 

 

 

 

 

 

Figure: BWX Annual Fire Safety Training and Emergency Drill15 

 

With the onsite of COVID-19, BIGL continued to focus on our employees’ training and education. All 

trainings held during the pandemic adhered to stringent rules that were in line with the local 

governments’ protocols. The wearing of mask was mandatory for all participants and safe distancing 

measures were observed.  

 

 

 

 

15 

The training as depicted in the photo was held in September 2020. All COVID-19 guidelines were followed. 






 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

26 | P a g e 

 



All risks categorised as “Highly Dangerous” and above will need to be registered and approved by 

Management. Targeted action plans are also tailored to mitigate those risks, as illustrated in the 

Hierarchy of Controls chart below: 

 

 

Should an incident or non-conformity occur, we evaluate the need for corrective actions to eliminate the 

root cause and preventive actions to mitigate the further incidents. Further action is taken to assess any 

new or changed hazards and review the effectiveness of the corrective actions.  

 

We also consider the protection of contractors who work in our premises but are not under our direct 

employment. We work with our business partners to increase the safety of the contractors and their 

workers by defining and applying the OHS criteria and ensuring the requirements of their respective 

OHS management systems are met.  

 

 

 




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

27 | P a g e 

 



SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE 

 

Our sustainability governance model provides a foundation to integrate our sustainability priorities with 

the corporate agenda. To ensure oversight by Management of our material ESG topics, sustainability 

governance is integrated into various corporate governance structures throughout the Group – from 

Board-level committees to management-level group functions and business units. 

 

The Sustainability Steering Committee (the “Committee”) oversees our positions and practices on 

sustainability issues, principally in relation to social, environmental and ethical matters that affect 

shareholders and other key stakeholders. Chaired by the CEO of the Company, Mr. Tan Choon Hoong, 

the Committee has oversight of our sustainability performance. The Sustainability Working Committee 

includes management heads from the Human Resource, Facility, Quality, and Finance departments of 

BTH and BWX, as well as other shared services and data owners. The Committee meets at least once 

every half a year. 

 

 

Board of Directors  

Oversight of sustainability topics and approve Sustainability Report 

 

 

Sustainability Steering Committee 

Responsible for oversight of practices and policies in relation to business and sustainability topics  

 

 

Sustainability Task Force (BTH) 

Working committee from all the departments 

 

 

Sustainability Task Force (BWX) 

Working committee from all the departments 

 

 

All Employees 

 

 

The Committee’s primary responsibilities include: 

 

• 

Reviewing and reporting to the Board on Broadway’s sustainability approach, standards, 

priorities and goals, and overseeing Group-level policies and practices on sustainability matters 

to attain those standards and goals; 

• 

Overseeing, reviewing and evaluating sustainability performance against the material topics 

prioritised; 

• 

Reviewing and advising the Board on Broadway’s public reporting about the Group’s 

performance on sustainability matters; and 

• 

Presenting the Sustainability Report for the Board’s approval. 

 

 

 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

28 | P a g e 

 



Regulatory Compliance 

 

We believe that compliance with regulatory laws has become a catalyst for corporate governance, and 

a robust statutory compliance system is vital for the effective conduct of our business operations. We 

ensure that the appropriate business processes and adequate tools are in place for adherence with all 

statutory obligations.  

 

Any corruption cases that are linked to us will cause reputational damage and break the trust of our 

stakeholders. Therefore, we have our Code of Conduct which defines our commitment to conducting 

business with integrity. The prevention of corruption is managed through the set-up of anti-corruption 

policies, covering topics such as the employment of relatives, receipt of gifts and entertainment, as well 

as conflicts of interest. The employees are made aware of these policies though employee orientation, 

and such content is included in the Employee Handbook. All employees need to declare any conflicts 

of interest or activities pertaining to fraud annually. Our Whistleblowing Policy also protects our 

employees if they were to report any improprieties in good faith. There were no reported cases of 

corruption in 2020. 

 

2020 Performance 

Anti-Corruption 

• 

Zero incidents of corruption  

Compliance with Laws and Regulations 

• 

Zero incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations around environment and socio-

economic areas  

2020 Performance against 2020 Targets 

Anti-Corruption 

• 

Zero incidents of corruption 

Compliance with Laws and Regulations 

• 

Zero incidents of non-compliance with laws and 

regulations around environment and socio-

economic areas 

 

• 

Achieved 

 

• 

Achieved  

2021 Targets 

• 

Zero incidents of corruption 

• 

Zero incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations with laws and regulations around 

environment and socio-economic areas 

 

It is our constant endeavour to ensure compliance with regulatory norms. As with our other business 

risks, we include regulatory risks into the framework of risks that we assess, monitor and manage. We 

adhere to relevant environmental and socio-economic laws, which govern a range of issues like effluent 

discharge, labour practices, health and safety, as well as intellectual property and privacy. A robust 

ESG management system helps us to reinforce ESG policies and monitor compliance. As a further 

commitment to ensuring compliance, BTH and BWX each have a dedicated environmental, health and 

safety engineer responsible for monitoring legal compliance quarterly. In the event a gap or risk is 

observed, corrective actions will be taken immediately.  

 

There were no cases of significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the environmental and socio-economic aspects in 2020. 

 

 

 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

29 | P a g e 

 



Supplier Environmental and Social Assessment  

 

2020 Performance 

Percentage of new suppliers that were screened using environmental and social criteria  

• 

100% of new suppliers to comply with the RBA Code of Conduct  

2020 Performance against 2020 Target 

Percentage of new suppliers that were screened 

using environmental and social criteria  

• 

100% of new suppliers to comply with the RBA 

Code of Conduct    

 

 

• 

Achieved  

2021 Target 

• 

100% of key suppliers to comply with the RBA Code of Conduct 

 

We strive to grow our business and, at the same time, drive environmental and social progress beyond 

the boundaries of our Group and add sustainability to the supply chain of the various materials. As we 

engage with various suppliers for our material needs, we will have to ensure that the materials obtained 

are of high quality. In order to manage both quality and ESG impacts, we require that suppliers meet 

certain standards such as the RBA Code of Conduct.  

 

With higher expectations placed on corporate responsibility by consumers, almost all our key customers 

have joined the RBA’s network to push the sustainability agenda within the electronics industry. As a 

Tier 1 supplier of electronic parts, we are expected to be held accountable to the common code of 

conduct of RBA. In turn, we have exercised similar due diligence processes on our suppliers. We also 

ensure that our suppliers meet other standards like “Electronic Industry Citizenship Coalition Code of 

Conduct (EICC)” which aptly caters to the needs of our customers’ requirements.  

 

This supplier assessment is integral to our risk management. We have a set of policies and procedures 

in place to screen our suppliers and support them in adopting the RBA Code of Conduct. In 2020, 4 

suppliers were assessed as per the ISO and RBA requirements. This assessment criteria are reviewed 

on a yearly basis. We also keep a track record on the changes of our suppliers to facilitate due diligence 

and meet our customers’ expectations.  

 

Prior to formal engagements, we will socialise RBA-related expectations with our suppliers by 

conducting training programmes and communicating the code requirements. An RBA Code of Conduct 

Checklist will have to be completed, and a Letter of Commitment will have to be signed. For assurance 

purposes, we conduct random on-site visits and audits for the shortlisted suppliers for RBA compliance. 

Moreover, we strengthen monitoring of key suppliers by mandating the RBA Validated Assessment 

Process, which is completed by third-party independent auditors. We also conduct a background check 

of our suppliers for relevant qualifications. In 2020, we have screened 100% of our new suppliers using 

environmental and social criteria. 

 

 

 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

30 | P a g e 

 



CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 

 

The physical and mental well-being of our employees is important and cannot be compromised as it is 

crucial for the long-term success of the organisation. Their well-being requires corporate attention and 

we strive to provide our employees with a positive, united and friendly team atmosphere. Not only do 

we host an annual team meeting to thank our employees, we also celebrate employee birthdays and 

hold parties for frontline production employees. These activities promote employee communication and 

increase teamwork spirit and corporate cohesion in a relaxed environment.  

 

Annual Party 

 

 

Figure: Annual Party held in Thailand16 

 

We are dedicated to our role in bringing positive impact to the society in which we operate and create 

shared value. We encourage an environment of volunteerism and ensure that our employees participate 

in various initiatives as a part of our corporate social responsibility. Focused on building sustainable 

business practices, we firmly believe that our continued success depends on our communities and 

partners, and we are committed to invest in and engage them. In 2020, we have undertaken various 

interventions to promote inclusivity and reached out to communities where we live and operate in. Some 

of our initiatives are described below. 

 

Blood Donation 

 

We understand the significance of contribution of each member to the community. We collaborate with 

the Sena Hospital to arrange for a Blood Donation Drive on a quarterly basis. Blood donations by 

employees are voluntary. In 2020, around 120 of our employees participated in the blood donation, 

contributing approximately 27,900 cc of blood to those in need. We are thankful that our employees 

continue to spread love and kindness during the COVID-19 pandemic. 

 

 

 

 

Figure: Blood Donation Drive  

 

 

 

16 

The annual party as depicted in the photos was held in January 2020, prior to the COVID-19 pandemic that hit Thailand. 










 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

31 | P a g e 

 



Charity Market 

 

We organised the annual Charity Market in October 2020. 10 teams came together setting up food, 

secondhand clothes and games stalls. All preventive measures were strictly followed before attending 

the event. The safety protocols included were temperature checks and hand cleaning with sanitiser 

before and after the event. During the event, masks were mandatory and social distancing was 

maintained. More than 450 employees participated in the Charity Market. The entire proceeds of THB 

140,200 were donated to the Employee Aid Project to help needy employees and to fund CSR activities. 

This has also fostered cohesion between employees. 

 

 

Figure: Charity Market organized to help those in need17 

 

Charity Event on Christmas Eve 

 

We organised a charity event on Christmas eve as it marked the third day after the winter solstice. Our 

BWX team, including the General Manager, visited 40 of our special needs friends to send warmth and 

greeting during the festive season. Using the donations collected from the auction organised by BWX, 

our employees purchased gifts for our friends according to their wish lists. Some of the items on their 

wish lists include quilts, gloves and radio. 

 

Figure: Charity Event on Christmas Eve to help those in need 

 

While the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic restricts our ability to organise events with large crowds, we 

will continue to place corporate social responsibility within our organisational agenda and contribute to 

our communities in other ways that we can in the forthcoming year. 

 

17 

The Charity Market was held in October 2020 during the COVID-19 pandemic. Masks were only removed for the purpose 

of photo taking and all COVID-19 guidelines were followed.  





