
ABOUT THIS REPORT  

This report is set out on a “comply or explain” basis in accordance with Rule 711B and Practice 

Note 7.6 of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (SGX-ST) Listing Manual on 

Continuing Listing Obligations. Corresponding to G4’s emphasis on materiality, this report 

covers the key areas of sustainability, namely environmental, social and governance-related 

initiatives carried out throughout the 12-month period, from 1 January 2017 to 31 December 

2017. 

 

The key material environmental, social and governance factors for Brook Crompton have been 

identified and reviewed by the Chairman and the CEO. The Board of Directors (“Board”) 

oversees the management and monitoring of these factors and takes them into consideration 

in the determination of the Group’s strategic direction and policies. Sustainability is a part of 

Company’s wider strategy to create long term value for all its stakeholders. 

 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this 

enables us to improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and 

suggestions to mgt@brookcromptonholdings.com.  

 

ORGANIZATIONAL PROFILE 

Brook Crompton Holdings Ltd. is an established electric motors company. Our trademark Brook 

Crompton brand has been at the forefront of major technological breakthroughs in this arena, 

and is active in the supply of high-efficiency electric motors that also fulfil client needs for 

reliability and cost-effectiveness. 

 

Through our commitment to quality and service, the Group has forged long-standing 

relationships with leading customers around the world. Always ready to devise solutions that 

satisfy the unique requirements of every client, we offer robust and versatile products that are 

widely deployed in sectors ranging from marine, mining and oil &amp; gas to HVAC (heating, 

ventilation, air conditioning).  

 

 


To bolster our position in key regions and facilitate our expansion to new markets we have 

taken decisive steps to strengthen our supply chain and distribution channel.  

 

Our expanded sales and marketing teams are moving rapidly to widen our client base across the 

continents. Under the flagship of Brook Crompton, Brook Crompton UK Limited covers the 

markets in the United Kingdom, the Middle East, North Africa and Continental Europe; Brook 

Crompton USA, Inc and Brook Crompton Limited (Canada) covers the North American market 

and Brook Crompton Asia Pacific Pte Ltd covers the Asia Pacific market. 

 

 

 

 




SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING PROCESS 

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant aspects. Relevant aspects 

are then prioritised as a material factors which are then validated. The end result of this process 

is a list of material factors disclosed in the sustainability report. Inter-relations of which are as 

shown below: 

IDENTIFICATION

PRIORITISATION

VALIDATION

REVIEW

Prioritization of the 

material factors and 

identifies key 

sustainability factors to 

be reported upon 

Validation of the completeness 

of key sustainability factors 

identified to finalize the 

sustainability report content 

Review focuses on the 

material factors in 

previous reporting 

period and also 

considers 

stakeholder’s 

feedback, changing 

business landscape and 

emerging trends 

Identification of the 

material factors that 

are of relevance to the 

Group’s activities 


STAKEHOLDERS AND MATERIALITY 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT  

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and 

material aspects relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders 

are also taken into account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders 

include, but are not limited to, customers, suppliers, employees, investors, and regulators. We 

adopt both formal and informal channels of communication to understand the needs of key 

stakeholders, and incorporate these into our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial 

relationships. 

 

The table below sets out our engagement with our stakeholders: 

Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Employees  

Townhall sessions  

Open dialogues among teams  

Intranet portal  

Customers and Consumers 

Hotline  

Email queries  

Customer visit 

Suppliers and Service Providers 

Face-to-face meetings  

Annual review and feedback sessions  

Investors/Shareholders  

Group Annual Report  

Annual General Meeting  

Informal discussion  

 

 

MATERIAL ASPECTS ASSESSMENT  

We conducted a materiality assessment during the year with the help of an external consultant. 

Going forward, materiality review will be conducted every year, incorporating inputs from the 

stakeholder engagements. 

 

 

 

 

 


To determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment and society and the influence on the stakeholders.  Senior management took part 

along with our consultant. Aspects were identified and prioritised through internal workshops, 

peer reviews and social impact assessments at site level.  Applying the guidance from GRI, we 

have identified the following material aspects: 

 

Economic 

 

Economic performance 

Market presence 

Environmental 

Energy consumption 

Supplier environmental assessment 

Social 

Diversity &amp; fair employment practice  

Work place safety 

Training and education 

Compliance 

Governance 

Enterprise risk management 

 

ECONOMIC 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

Here at Brook Crompton, the original innovator in electric motor development, we pride 

ourselves as a leading provider of energy efficient electric motors. With over a century’s 

technical &amp; design expertise Brook Crompton delivers consistently reliable electric motors to a 

global market. 

 

Trusted to power limitless industrial activities across diverse market sectors, the robust design 

of Brook Crompton’s electric motors drives fans, pumps, compressors, conveyors and more, 

every second, of every day, of every year. 

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our Annual Report 2017: 

• Financial Highlights, page 2; and 

• Financial Statements, page 43 – 98. 

 

Brook Crompton is focused on supplying high efficiency drive solutions for the industry, lower 

the costs of ownership throughout the motor lifespan and reduce the impact on the 

environment, thereby promoting greater sustainability. 


MARKET PRESENCE 

Brook Crompton has a long-standing reputation for efficient customer care, supporting 

customers worldwide through its global network. Brook Crompton Motor Centres operate 

alongside approved Product Distributors throughout the UK, Mainland Europe, Middle East, 

Canada, USA &amp; Asia Pacific. 

 

The Group comprises operations in the UK (www.brookcrompton.com), North America 

(www.brookcromptonna.com) and Asia Pacific regions. Under the restructuring program in 

2010, the business of the company had been streamlined to focus on the core business of 

distribution of electric motors, leveraging on the long established, industry acclaimed, Brook 

Crompton brand.  

 

 

 

For detailed information on our product and our performance, please refer to our Annual 

Report, pages 2, 3, 10 and 11.  

 

 




ENVIRONMENT  

We focus on business and environment to create value through our offering of products and 

services that contribute to a reduced environmental impacts, whilst also engaging in efforts to 

reduce our environmental footprint.  

 

Brook Crompton, as a group, is committed to energy efficiency. To this end, the company has 

started enhancing its product range with high efficiency motors that performed optimally even 

in the most challenging environments. 

 

Our direct environmental impact is limited, but we always strive to avoid unnecessary impact 

on the environment and to further reduce environmental impact. 

 

ENERGY CONSUMPTION  

Our offices uses electricity. In order to manage energy effectively, we have adopted the 

following measures: 

1. Installed LED energy saving bulbs; 

2. All staff turn off the lights when not in use; and  

3. Printing of paper is minimised, electronic mail is used. 

 

SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT 

Our sourcing activities can also have a positive influence on the local economy. We engage local 

suppliers whenever possible. We procure from partners who provide us with the highest quality 

equipment, systems and solutions, in order to achieve the highest quality in our products and 

services. It is important to us to procure from suppliers with sound social and environmental 

practices. In the manufacturing stage, human rights issues and forced or child labour practices 

have potential negative impacts, together with the use of contentious materials such as rare 

earth metals in the production of the equipment. Brook Crompton can indirectly influence our 

supply chain positively, through our supplier selection process.  

 

Brook Crompton has regularly conducted annual audits of key suppliers. Many of our customers 

now demand that we comply with anti-child labour laws and refrain from the use of conflict 

materials which we will in due course pass on to our suppliers. 

 


In addition to questions about child labour and the use of conflict materials, for 2018 Brook 

Crompton will ask suppliers on their policies on monitoring and managing their supply chain in 

regard to environmental issues, their policies that promote efficient use of resources, ethics, 

training and any cases of non-compliance on environmental or safety issues. 

 

Going forward for 2018, Brook Crompton has completed a draft group code of conduct in Q3 

and has been put to the board for approval. 

 

SOCIAL  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 








DIVERSITY AND FAIR EMPLOYMENT 

We embrace diversity, and at the same time expect employees to be aligned with group’s vision 

and strategic initiatives. Whilst we expect our employees to constantly challenge and improve 

themselves, we also require them to treat others equally, honestly and with respect. We will 

never discriminate against its employees on grounds of race, religion, gender, marital status or 

age.  

 

Brook Crompton’s recruitment is committed to recruit staff is based solely on merit. We give 

preference to the hiring of local talent. We are committed to providing competitive 

remuneration and benefits to our employees.  

 

Staff retention is deemed high given majority of staff work for more than 5 years.  

 

WORK PLACE SAFETY 

The working environment at Brook Crompton is safe and conducive. We are also committed to 

safeguarding our employees’ health and safety against any potential workplace hazards. There 

has been no work place incidents for YA2017. 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

We conduct training for our UK employees. We intend to develop technical training for our staff 

in North America in 2018. 

 

COMPLIANCE 

Most of our customers already require us to comply with sustainable practices such as a ban on 

child labour and conflict materials. Some of our clients have embarked on their own far-

reaching sustainability programmes and as such need to fully evaluate their supply chain in far 

greater detail than before. One client in particular has reached out to its suppliers, including 

Brook Crompton, asking for thoughts on how we can work towards achieving these goals 

together. 

 

We have to audit our suppliers to ensure that all strict guidelines and customer specifications 

are adhered to. We conduct audits on our suppliers to ensure there is no child labour used, no 

conflicting materials used.  As indicated above, we intend to perform a supplier evaluation in 

2018. 


Stringent quality procedures are observed from first design to finished product in accordance 

with the ISO9001 quality systems. All of our factories have been assessed to meet these 

requirements, a further assurance that only the highest standards of quality are accepted.  

 

PRODUCT QUALITY 

Driven by technology and innovation, Brook Crompton offers a complete range of low, medium 

&amp; high voltage motors including the premium Brook Crompton "W", the Series 10 and motors 

suitable for operation in hazardous atmospheres and hostile environments. Given Brook 

Crompton’s extensive knowledge and experience, stock can be modified to suit specific 

customer needs, with technical support from the company’s knowledgeable team readily 

available to ensure the correct selection of motors for any application. For bespoke situations 

and complete flexibility, Brook Crompton will design and manufacture to meet detailed 

individual customer specifications. Brook Crompton is on the forefront of constant innovation. 

 

Shaping the future of electric motors, Brook Crompton is focused on the development of new 

products that improve energy efficiency, offer lower cost of ownership throughout the motor 

lifetime and reduce environmental impact. 

 

CONTRIBUTION TO SOCIETY 

We purchase corporate gifts from charities as a form of help charities advertise and also to fund 

charities. 

 

GOVERNANCE 

In 2017, we complied with the Code of Corporate Governance. Please refer to the Annual Report 

pages 13 to 29 for our Code of Corporate Governance Report. 

 

In our dealings with our customers we get our employees to strictly uphold company policy on 

anti-corruption/bribery clauses. We may also ask our suppliers through a supplier questionnaire 

on whether they have anti-corruption/bribery clause with their upstream suppliers. 

 

 

 


ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT (ERM) 

ERM is an integral part of good corporate governance as well as resource management. A 

thorough and comprehensive ERM framework enables Brook Crompton to identify, communicate 

and manage its risks and exposures in an integrated, systematic and consistent manner. For 

detailed disclosure on ERM, please refer to our Annual Report, pages 24 to 25. 

 

 

