




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018








This report covers the calendar years of 2017 and 2018, as well as historical 

benchmark data as available. Data includes all our operations as of 31 December 

2018, unless otherwise noted. The report does not include detailed information 

on our office-based operations in Jakarta and Singapore. In addition to impacts 

within our own organisational boundaries, the report covers material aspects for all 

plasma smallholders but limited information on independent suppliers, including 

smallholders. Due to the rapid development of our sustainability performance and 

plans, the report contains updated information on some 2019 events, notably 

with regard to planned programmes and complaints resolutions, as we consider 

these to be of material importance to our stakeholders.

SCOPE OF THIS 

REPORT





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018








01

CONTENTS

02

CHAIRMAN 

WELCOME

48

BASE 

DATA

52

GRI STANDARDS 

INDEX

62

ABOUT 

THE REPORT

63

GLOSSARY

IBC CONTACT 

04

REPORT REVIEW: 

ERIC WAKKER

43

ETHICS AND 

MARKETPLACE

43

ANTI-CORRUPTION &amp; 

ETHICAL POLICIES

46

CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE AND 

SHAREHOLDINGS

44

GRIEVANCE 

MECHANISM

06

OBJECTIVES AND 

TARGETS

18

BIODIVERSITY 

PROTECTION

23

FIRE MONITORING  

AND PREVENTION 

26

GREENHOUSE GAS 

ACCOUNTABILITY

28

INTEGRATED PEST 

MANAGEMENT AND 

CHEMICALS

30

PROTECTING LOCAL 

WATER SOURCES 

18

ENVIRONMENT

35

RIGHTS OF 

WORKERS

40

SMALLHOLDERS AND 

OUTGROWERS

31

COMMUNITY 

LAND RIGHTS AND 

PARTNERSHIPS

31

PEOPLE

12

OUR APPROACH TO 

SUSTAINABILITY

12

SUSTAINABILITY 

POLICY 

IMPLEMENTATION

15

CERTIFICATION 

AND 

ENGAGEMENT

08

ABOUT 

BUMITAMA

08

08

10

OUR BUSINESS 

IN BRIEF

FINANCIAL 

INFORMATION 

AND OWNERSHIP 

STRUCTURE

OPERATIONS

10

11

SUPPLIERS AND 

TRACEABILITY TO 

PLANTATION

CUSTOMERS

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018


02

CHAIRMAN 

WELCOME

I am grateful for this opportunity to present our sustainability 

report covering the financial years 2017 and 2018. The past 

two years have been eventful, and I feel that we have made 

tremendous progress in many areas close to my heart.

Financially we have gone from strength to strength – as our 

planted areas have matured, as our yields have increased 

even though Crude Palm Oil prices had been lower in 2018 

compared to 2017. This continued growth provides a solid 

foundation for sustaining our work over the long term, and I 

am pleased to report that our investments in good agricultural 

practices and outgrower support are yielding positive results.

Our work on sustainability continues to progress on the 

path set out in our 2015 NDPE Policy, and in line with the 

guidance provided by the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil 

(RSPO). Six of our 14 mills and just over 31% of our planted 

area are now certified, and 70.4% of our external fresh fruit 

bunch purchases are fully traceable. These achievements 

are bringing greater transparency while we work to identify 

further opportunities for improvement on the ground.

In light of our activities, I feel that we are well equipped to 

meet the continuous calls for improvement and change, 

and to be open and responsive to the concerns of all our 

stakeholder groups. We have been an active participant in 

the RSPO Principles &amp; Criteria review, and our operations are 

fully prepared for the significant changes to the standard. 

I am concerned, however, that other industry players may 

feel that the bar has been set too high. Small operators in 

particular may decide that the rewards are too small to warrant 

the expense and complexity of sustainability certification and 

traceability systems. I am also troubled by the increasing 

polarisation between some sections of the NGO community 

and plantation companies as a whole. While we continue 

to seek partnerships, and work hard to be responsive and 

inclusive, we often feel at a loss as to how to build bridges with 

these important stakeholders. In my view, such partnerships 

are essential for building effective and long-term solutions to 

global and local challenges.

With this in mind, we have continued strengthening and 

deepening our efforts with a special focus on partnerships 

and community engagement. Our biggest achievements to 

date have been the development of wildlife corridors through 

the Bumitama Biodiversity and Community Project (BBCP) in 

West Kalimantan, and our reforestation programme in Central 

Kalimantan. Both projects have evolved in close collaboration 

with our civil society partners and local and provincial 

governments, as well as with the ongoing engagement and 

input of our local communities.

 

As a mid-sized palm oil company, we cannot drive major industry 

change alone. However, we are willing to take the lead where we 

are strategically positioned to make a positive difference. With our 

biodiversity projects in Kalimantan, we have been able to leverage 

our land holdings and our good relations with plantation companies, 

government bodies and civil society partners to achieve something 

truly unique.

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018


03



Linking these initiatives to community livelihoods, particularly 

through the development of non-timber forest products, 

benefits both ecosystems and people in the region. Projects 

of this type are only effective if they are scaled up to a regional 

level, so we are very pleased to see both other companies 

and local government bodies coming on board and offering 

support. The BBCP has also been recognised as part of the 

West Kalimantan Governor’s Green Growth Plan. 

As a mid-sized palm oil company, we cannot drive major 

industry change alone. However, we are willing to take the 

lead where we are strategically positioned to make a positive 

difference. With our biodiversity projects in Kalimantan,  

we have been able to leverage our land holdings and our good 

relations with plantation companies, government bodies and 

civil society partners to achieve something truly unique.

We are making good progress across a range of other 

sustainability measures, including fire prevention, internal 

training programmes, support programmes for women 

employees and children’s education. Key aspects of our 

governance system have been strengthened following the 

publication of our expanded anti-corruption and anti-bribery 

policies. We have also ramped up our external engagements 

through multistakeholder initiatives, including the High 

Carbon Stock (HCS) Approach Steering Group and the 

PONGO alliance.

While our progress has been significant throughout this 

reporting period, we still have so much work to do. Based on 

feedback from external stakeholders, we have strengthened 

our governance procedures through the introduction of a new 

anti-corruption policy, and an update to our land acquisition 

policy, to ensure that for example issues around family links 

within our business are disclosed and addressed.

Within our operations, we will continue to focus on improving 

workers’ accommodation and benefits, and we are investing 

heavily to reduce accident rates and eliminate workplace 

fatalities. Our path towards long-term sustainable business 

will continue for decades to come, so I would like to extend a 

warm thanks to our employees, our civil society partners and 

our industry peers for contributing support and inspiration as 

we keep working towards a better common future.

GUNAWAN H. LIM

Executive Chairman and

Chief Executive Officer

Gunawan H. Lim

Executive Chairman and

Chief Executive Officer

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018


04

REPORT REVIEW: 

ERIC WAKKER

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

It is a pleasure to review Bumitama Agri’s sustainability report, 

its third since the Group adopted its Sustainability Policy in 

August 2015.

Bumitama’s sustainability journey progresses, dynamic as 

ever. As noted by the Chairman, expectations placed on the 

industry’s sustainability deliverables still rise. The company 

is continuously challenged to catch up, having to meet the 

latest sustainability standards, and to lead in showing proof 

of concept for novel approaches. It is making good progress 

in both fields. Such progress would be relatively easier to 

deliver when a company’s land bank was fully consolidated, 

but Bumitama Agri does so whilst it continues to add new 

plantations to its land bank.

As mentioned in my review in 2015, the company previously 

had gaps in the “chain-of-command” that resulted in 

situations on the ground that were contrary to published 

management statements. Since then, land development had 

been made conditional to approval from the Sustainability 

Team. This helped prevent non-compliant development 

but in the past year, there has been some backsliding 

in this good practice. It resulted in some non-compliant 

development that was externally detected and required the 

company to issue and publish a corrective Stop Work Order.  

Since non-compliance can have major consequences for the 

Group’s sales, I underscore the need for management to 

regularly reaffirm the Sustainability Team’s mandate.

Ever since its public listing, Bumitama has been subject to 

intense scrutiny by campaigning NGOs, and 2018 was no 

exception. Concerns were raised about the manner in which 

the Group acquired and disposed of land bank, suggesting 

that management had attempted to circumvent the Group’s 

conservation liability, an area in the order of 11,000 hectares. 

In this light, Bumitama’s deliverables are to be appreciated. 

Between 2014 and 2018, the Group added 26,000 hectares of 

forest and peat to its conservation set asides, thereby tripling 

the total area set aside for conservation to nearly 40,000 

hectares. The Group’s contributions to forest protection and 

restoration will not stop there either, as I will lay out further 

below.

It is regrettable that the impressive progress made with 

conservation is overshadowed by questions about the Group’s 

land bank and how plantation companies are acquired.  

But such questions are understandable in the light of the 

suboptimal transparency in the sector as a whole. As an RSPO 

member, Bumitama has caught up to comply with the RSPO 

New Planting Procedure. It has submitted its concession 

maps to RSPO to enable monitoring. My organisation 

recommends growers to publish their concession maps on 

their website in a common effort to restore public trust in the 

industry’s commitment to sustainable development. Although 

the format leaves room for improvement, Bumitama will  

now/soon release maps of its land bank.

Bumitama’s sustainability journey progresses, dynamic as ever. 

As noted by the Chairman, expectations placed on the industry’s 

sustainability deliverables still rise. The company is continuously 

challenged to catch up, having to meet the latest sustainability 

standards, and to lead in showing proof of concept for novel 

approaches.


05

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018



Furthermore, I am informed that the company’s board had 

in recent months agreed to modify investment procedures 

to include due diligence on the seller and land contractors, 

to determine whether they are related to any substantial 

shareholders or (former) staff, and to review the risk impact 

of purchase besides legality, cost and benefits and investment 

returns. This is a welcomed decision and I recommend that its 

enforcement is reported on under the Ethics and Marketplace 

section of the next sustainability report.

I mentioned above that Bumitama’s conservation deliverables 

do not stop short with forest protection within the company’s 

own land bank boundaries. In 2015, the Group committed to 

partnership approaches to landscapes within and around its 

boundaries. I consider Bumitama Agri currently an absolute 

forerunner in this field. Through partnerships, the company 

will be working to close co-management agreements with 

three villages in Ketapang district. These villages’ applications 

for social forestry cover a total area of over 8,700 hectares 

of forestland that have already been approved. Located 

in the vicinity of its plantations, the company’s Corporate 

Social Responsibility (CSR) team will assist the villages 

in developing sustainable forest restoration and forest 

use for years to come. This is exactly how companies 

should fulfill their responsibility as corporate citizens,  

by helping to restore diversity in landscapes that have become 

overly dominated by oil palm.

With such approaches, the integration of the Group’s 

sustainability agenda with its CSR programme, is almost 

inevitable. As this report shows, such integration has not yet 

been realised and both are still largely separate streams of 

work. Integration of work at headquarters and in the field 

is encouraged to enable local development in ever more 

comprehensive and consistent ways.

With its broad scope, this sustainability report is as material 

as can be reasonably expected. It is inevitably limited in 

terms of completeness and responsiveness. It is best read in 

combination with other information sources. As mentioned 

in my previous review, the company’s revamped website was 

a welcome improvement. Responses to NGOs’ allegations, 

complaints and other issues of concern are posted in the 

“Latest Sustainability Updates” section. A further ‘upgrade’ is 

expected with the launch of Bumitama’s own sustainability 

‘dashboard’ which will complement the valuable overview 

data presented in this report.

My organisation looks forward to continue our collaboration 

with Bumitama Agri, to help guide it through immediate 

sustainability challenges and to help it deliver longer-term 

sustainable development on the ground, not merely within its 

own concession boundaries but especially also in the larger 

physical and social landscapes in which Bumitama’s plantation 

companies operate.

 

ERIC WAKKER

18 April 2019

About The Reviewer

Eric Wakker is Co-Founder 

and Director of Corporate 

Sustainability at Aidenvironment 

Asia. He and his team partnered 

up with Bumitama Agri in May 

2014 at the invitation of  

Mr. Lim Gunawan Hariyanto. 

This assurance statement thus 

represents a second party point 

of view.


06

OBJECTIVES  

AND TARGETS 

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

What we want  

to achieve

Target*

Status

SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND LABOUR

Expansion with Free, Prior 

and Informed Consent from 

local communities*

For new planting, 

documentation evidencing 

FPIC during agreement making 

process when legal, customary 

or user rights to land are 

negotiated 

No complaints relating to 

existing planting are received

Ongoing progress: 

Checklist for 2018 P&amp;C will be used as a part of land 

release and NPP process

 

Conducted review on execution of SIA plans for three 

certified units; areas for improvement identified 

by reviewer will be analysed and programmes 

implemented. Will continue with other certified units

Currently in a facilitated process to resolve an RSPO 

complaint related to allocation of plasma

Reduction in accident rates 

40 % reduction

Zero Fatalities

Not achieved 

Not achieved

Special Task Force appointed to address accidents  

root causes

Performance score of Regional Heads and Area 

Controllers linked to accidents

Breast feeding facilities 

available to all employees

2020

2023

Ongoing progress:

Introduced at two pilot sites in March 2019

In all certified units

Company wide

Bumitama schools to be 

teaching and promoting 

Adiwiyata green education 

introduced by Indonesia 

in 2006 in support of the 

United Nations 

 

2018

2022

Two schools recognised at district level and three at 

provincial level. (One school recognised at national 

level in 2019)

a) Twelve of Bumitama schools at district level; and 

b) Three external schools at district level

Independent smallholders 

programme*

Every certified mill with 3rd 

party supply has a group of 

smallholders in productivity 

improvement and certification 

programme

Ongoing progress:

One certified mill in Central Kalimantan have one 

smallholder group achieved certification in 2018

Two groups smallholders undergoing productivity 

improvement in 2nd mill in Central Kalimantan in 

2019 and certification by 2020; and 150 smallholders 

undergoing productivity improvement in two mills in 

West Kalimantan in 2019

To identify another two groups of smallholders for  

two mills; one for Central Kalimantan and one for  

Riau for 2020 


07

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

These objectives and targets are based on the Sustainability Policy.

* 

Some targets have been revised for greater clarity.

** 

These commitments are ongoing. We will report on compliance in future sustainability reports.

What we want  

to achieve

Target*

Status

ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

Reduce use of rodenticides. 

60% of total planted areas 

to be rodenticide-free

2020

42% of all planted areas rodenticide free in 2018

Protect and increase 

Kalimantan's orangutan 

population

Continue expanding 

partnerships with reputable 

orangutan conservation 

organisations

Continuing partnership with Yayasan IAR Indonesia 

(YIARI) on the Bumitama Biodiversity and Community 

Project (BBCP) 

New collaboration with Orangutan Foundation UK on 

reforestation in Central Kalimantan

Partnership in PONGO Alliance

Reduction of Greenhouse 

gases

Measure and publish our 

carbon footprint and develop a 

reduction strategy by 2019

Complete construction of two 

methane capture facilities by 

2021

Trials for alternative GHG 

emissions reduction through 

composting and solid 

separation by 2020

In progress, target revised from 2017

Construction in progress for one facility 

Three mills completed testing and operational

New developments with 

HCV and HCS Approach 

assessments**

New RSPO P&amp;C 2018 requires 

integrated HCV and HCSA

Review execution and 

effectiveness of SIA for 

certified units

Review execution and 

effectiveness of HCV, HCS and 

peat management for all units

HCS/HCV/SEIA/peat delineation assessments 

conducted for all units purchased from 2015 to 2018 

Integrated HCV &amp; HCS assessment will be conducted 

for all existing PTs whose HCV had not been ALS 

review and which have not completed planting 

Conducted review of Social Impact Assessment (SIA) 

for 33 villages spread across three PTs in 2018 

GOVERNANCE AND ACCOUNTABILITY

Business Ethics Policy 

to guide business and 

employees

Completed 2018

Business Ethics Policy available in Bahasa &amp; English on 

our website

New Anti-corruption &amp; Anti-bribery policy published 

and available in Bahasa and English on our website

Land Acquisition policy 

update

Completed 2018

Land acquisition policy expanded beyond Interested 

Person Transactions (IPT) definition of relevant 

regulations and quality review of contractors as means 

of improving corporate governance

 

Complete traceability of FFB 

supplied by independent 

smallholders (external)

2019

In progress: 

70.4% of external FFB mapped

Developed risk map to help manage the risk of 

traceability gap


08

ABOUT 

BUMITAMA

OUR BUSINESS IN BRIEF

Bumitama Agri Ltd. (Bumitama) is a leading producer of 

crude palm oil (CPO) and palm kernel (PK). Supported by 

more than 32,000 employees, our oil palm operations cover 

a total planted area of 185,165 hectares, with 9,434 hectares 

FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

AND OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE

Our 2018 revenue increased for the fourth year running: 

growing 3.1% from IDR 8,131 billion in FY2017,  

to IDR 8,381 billion at the end of the current reporting 

period. This performance was driven by our increased 

production of CPO and PK, despite the lower selling price 

compared to 2017. We meanwhile saw a slight reduction in 

pre-tax profits of 10% to IDR 1,705 billion (IDR 1,894 billion 

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

of infrastructure, across the Indonesian provinces of Central 

Kalimantan, West Kalimantan and Riau. Around 28% of our 

total planted area is set aside for smallholders under our 

plasma programme. We also own and operate 14 CPO mills 

with a combined processing capacity of 5.67 million tonnes 

of fresh fruit bunches (FFB) per year. 

in FY2017), as a result of weakening of commodity prices of 

the industry, especially during the last quarter. 

Bumitama is listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange 

under the stock symbol SGX:P8Z. As at year-end 2018,  

51.92% of Bumitama shares are held by companies controlled 

by the Lim family. A further 32.00% are controlled by IOI 

Corporation and its majority shareholders, the Lee family. 

For a full overview of Bumitama’s company structure, please 

see our Annual Report pages 84-86.

PLANTED AREA (HA)

 Nucleus planted area

 Plasma planted area

132,431

52,734

115,463

37,805

119,679

128,966

46,277

131,421

51,254

2018

2017

2016

2015

2014

44,498

FINANCIAL OVERVIEW (IDR BILLION)

 Revenue

 Profit before tax

 EBITDA

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

5,757

1,805 2,145

5,542

1,002

1,531

6,630

1,551 1,925

8,131

1,894

2,427

8,381

1,705

2,395

TOTAL NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES

32,610

31,846

27,168

31,786

2018

2017

2016

2015

2014

27,347


09

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

Office

Plantation

CPO Mill

Pontianak

Ketapang

RIAU 

AROUND 2,000 

HA PLANTED OIL 

PALM, 1 MILL

WEST 

KALIMANTAN 

AROUND 

77,000 HA 

PLANTED OIL 

PALM, 5 MILLS

CENTRAL 

KALIMANTAN 

AROUND 

105,000 HA 

PLANTED OIL 

PALM, 8 MILLS

1

3

2

KALIMANTAN

SINGAPORE

Pangkalan Bun

Palangkaraya

JAVA

JAKARTA

Special Region 

of Yogyakarta

Surabaya

Bali

SUMATRA

Dumai

Duri

Riau




10

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

ABOUT 

BUMITAMA

OPERATIONS

Bumitama has a total land bank of 234,000 hectares located 

across the Indonesian provinces of Central Kalimantan, 

West Kalimantan and Riau. Our nine plantation operations – 

comprising 132,431 hectares of nucleus estates and 52,734 

hectares of plasma area – produced more than 3.3 million 

metric tonnes of FFB in 2018, which were then processed by 

our 14 mills. Just over 71% of the FFB processed at our mills in 

2018 was cultivated in our plantations and plasma schemes, 

while approximately 29% was sourced from independent 

outgrowers and smallholders. 

At Bumitama we continue to explore new opportunities to grow 

our land bank, but acknowledge that our options are limited. 

Suitable land is a finite resource, and we are steadfast in our 

commitment to avoid development on peat or in High Carbon 

Stock (HCS) or High Conservation Value (HCV) landscapes. 

We have therefore made it a priority to boost the productivity 

of our existing land to drive continual and sustainable growth 

for our business. Bumitama agronomists are collaborating with 

our Research, Quality Control and Engineering Department to 

develop new ways to increase yields, oil content and FFB weight. 

These methods include using high-yielding seed varieties to 

boost production, and we are in the process of finalising a tissue 

culture centre in Palangkaraya, which will be operational by  

year-end 2019. Bumitama does not use genetically modified 

planting material. 

SUPPLIERS AND TRACEABILITY TO 

PLANTATION

Securing greater transparency in our supply chain has 

remained a key focus throughout the reporting period, as we 

continue working to ensure that the FFB we source is both 

legal and traceable back to the plantation. Achieving full 

traceability is complicated, however, as FFB is sourced from 

different types and levels of supplier.

Besides processing our own fruits (48.3%) , Bumitama mills also 

engage with three main FFB sources: associated smallholders 

operating under a plasma scheme (22.5% of FFB processed 

in 2018), larger outgrowers that do not have their own mill  

(11.2% FFB), and independent smallholders (defined as 

growers with less than 50 hectares of planted area – 18% 

FFB). Most externally sourced FFB is delivered directly to our 

mills by smallholders and outgrowers. A smaller proportion of 

our fruit supply is sourced from FFB traders.

To increase transparency within this complex supplier 

ecosystem, we set a target date of December 2017 for all FFB 

processed by our mills to be traceable to our own estates and 

associated plasma schemes. We also committed to documenting 

and verifying that all external FFB purchased by Bumitama is 

sourced from legal and responsible suppliers. Achieving this 

important milestone will create greater transparency in our supply 

chain and, in the process, minimise the risk that our operations 

and products contribute to deforestation and exploitation. 

CPO YIELD PER MATURE HECTARE

4.5

4.3

3.3

3.7

2018

2017

2016

2015

2014

4.1

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

23.2

22.9

22.7

22.7

22.1

18.4

17.8

14.6

16.4

20.4

PRODUCTIVITY

 Extraction rate (%) - crude palm oil

 FFB yield per mature hectare

FFB PROCESSED (MT)

 Nucleus FFB

 Plasma FFB

 External FFB

2,276,866

1,061,368

1,374,879

1,401,040

657,350

603,729

1,578,815

1,513,422

672,018

901,492

1,784,729

817,495

1,007,978

2018

2017

2016

2015

2014

960,035

711,374


11

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

FFB TRACEABILITY

91.4%

2018

78.5%

2017

70.5%

2015

2016

77.2%

 FFB traceable to plantation

This exercise has proven more complex than initially 

anticipated and much effort is required to trace all FFB to 

plantations. We have experienced high turnover among our 

external suppliers over the last year, and a considerable number 

of previously-mapped suppliers have changed. Consequently, 

we have had to recognise that 100% traceability will not be 

achievable, but we expect to be close to 95% at all times.  

By the end of 2018 we have been able to trace 91.4% of all 

FFB processed in our mills, and expect to close the remaining 

gaps in 2019. We are working closely with our commercial 

team on a new process which will make identification of 

suppliers more effective, and have put new documentation in 

place for a more systematic collection of information. 

To address the risk involved in the 5% traceability gap,  

as well as assessing new suppliers, we have created a risk 

map that harvests publicly available information on current 

palm oil concessions overlaid with various land zoning data.  

This helps us to classify smallholder plantations into different 

risk grades. When suppliers fill in the coordinates of their 

house or plantation, we can evaluate the risk of the particular 

supplier and engage in an appropriate programme. 

We have been piloting and testing the use of this map. Once 

completed, we will update our stakeholders on the practicality 

of this method. 

During the first phase of this traceability initiative, which was 

launched in 2016, we used purchase documents to map the 

supplier base of each of our own CPO mills. Since then, we 

have collected comprehensive information about our third-

party suppliers. This is providing us with more accurate and 

detailed data for analysing and verifying FFB traceability 

among our supply chain partners.

We have also created a specialised team to socialise 

our Sustainability Policy among FFB suppliers. The team 

proactively engages independent outgrowers and traders to 

help them understand how the traceability process works, and 

what they can do to ensure their fruit meets our standards.

Smallholders continue to respond positively to the initial 

socialisation of our Sustainability Policy. There is a growing 

awareness about the importance of ensuring traceability 

and legality, while interested smallholders have combined 

into groups and collectives to undertake projects relating to 

productivity enhancement, legality and certification.

CUSTOMERS

All palm oil produced by our mills is sold domestically 

to refineries. Refineries then convert CPO into a broad 

variety of refined products that are used in foods, oleo-

chemicals and biofuels. As our mills are not equipped with 

kernel crushers, we sell our palm kernels to local crushing 

plants that process them into palm kernel oil (PKO). PKO 

is primarily used in the manufacture of personal care, 

household and confectionary products. We currently trade 

our Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO)-certified 

palm oil through the RSPO certificate trading system, but we 

are also certified for trade under the Mass Balance system.  

As the proportion of our RSPO-certified CPO increases, we 

will consider setting up segregated mills.

As we expect more mills to be certified under the RSPO 

Principles and Criteria (P&amp;C) scheme, we will look into setting 

up segregation of certified material for buyers in our supply 

chain, and segregated mills in 2019. Discussion is underway 

with the commercial teams to conduct feasibility studies 

for mills that have been certified. However, Bumitama may 

find it challenging to meet its timetable as per the Annual 

Communications of Progress (ACOP), owing to the need for 

additional processes to accommodate the new RSPO P&amp;C 

2018 requirements. This will likely impact the certification 

timebound plan, especially if review by the HCV Assessor 

Licensing Scheme (ALS) is necessary. 




12

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

OUR APPROACH TO 

SUSTAINABILITY

With changes to the RSPO P&amp;C, ongoing NGO campaigns and 

an ever-changing regulatory environment, we are reviewing 

our approach to sustainability on an ongoing basis. A member 

of the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) since 2007, 

Bumitama1 is currently a member of the No Deforestation 

Task Force (NDTF), the Peatlands Working Group, the Human 

Rights Working Group and Biodiversity High Conservation 

Value Working Group. Bumitama also sits on the RSPO 

Complaints Panel. We are supported by our implementation 

partner, Aidenvironment, to ensure that our policies and 

programmes are aligned to current stakeholder expectations.

SUSTAINABILITY POLICY IMPLEMENTATION

Our vision is to be a world leading palm oil producer through 

both continuous improvement and our focus on product 

quality, cost efficiency, sustainability and growth. Our mission 

is to share the value we create across all our stakeholder 

groups: increasing returns for our shareholders, enhancing 

benefits and quality of life for our employees, and improving 

the welfare of our local communities and the environment.

As one of Indonesia's leading palm oil producers,  

we acknowledge that our industry needs to do more to 

address legitimate concerns about the links between the 

cultivation of oil palm and deforestation, climate change and 

social injustice.

Our Sustainability Policy sets out our overall principles and 

commitments to produce palm oil sustainably and responsibly, 

and has been developed in line with our core focus on People, 

Planet and Prosperity. 

OUR SUSTAINABILITY POLICY COVERS:

No peat; protection of 

High Conservation Values 

(HCV) and High Carbon 

Stock (HCS) landscapes; 

reduction of chemical 

fertiliser and pesticide 

usage; elimination of 

paraquat; and prevention 

of fire.

Recognition of Free, Prior 

and Informed Consent 

(FPIC); efforts towards 

sustainable economic 

development models; 

and fair, transparent and 

accountable partnerships 

with plasma smallholders.

Recognition of 

International Labour 

Organization (ILO) core 

conventions and the 

United Nations (UN) 

Universal Declaration on 

Human Rights – including 

a ban on forced and child 

labour, elimination of 

discrimination, provision 

of fair wages and working 

hours, and respect for 

freedom of association; 

the provision of a 

healthy and safe working 

environment; and ethical 

conduct, including efforts 

to eliminate corruption.

Tracking and monitoring 

land development in 

sensitive areas; ensuring 

that all FFB processed 

is traceable to our 

own estates, plasma 

smallholders, local 

traders and independent 

smallholders; and ensuring 

that FFB is purchased 

from legal and responsible 

sources.

Forest 

conservation 

and sustainable 

land use

Respect for 

local community 

rights

Respect for 

human rights in 

the workplace

Traceability 

and responsible 

sourcing

1 Our subsidiary Bumitama Gunajaya Agro held the membership until 2013.


13

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

While our Sustainability Policy remains unchanged, our ongoing 

impact assessments guide our priorities. In past years, we have 

placed extra emphasis on the children of our employees and 

the facilities we provide, ensuring these are kept at least in 

compliance with government-prescribed standards. We also 

look into the latest developments in palm oil (as in P&amp;C 2018) 

in the field of labour and human rights, such as gender equality 

and breastfeeding programmes for our employees as well as 

taking a closer look at the social impact assessments (SIA) 

management and reviewing its impact to the community and 

workers. We conducted a SIA review end of last year for three 

PTs and 33 villages and the initial report showed overall good 

effort and results on SIA management.

There remain gaps, however, and our commitment to address 

these will guide our Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) and 

workers’ programme for the next three years. We are putting 

forward mitigation plans on gaps for phased implementation 

into the PTs concerned and continue to conduct such 

exercises for other PTs that are undergoing certification. We 

are also tracing all our HCV and HCS areas and will share 

information on HCVs outside of our operation permits (Hak 

Guna Usaha (HGU)) and the state of these HCVs and our 

plans going forward.

Our senior management team retains oversight of our 

Sustainability Policy and continues to guide its implementation. 

Our CEO and Chairman is deeply involved in our internal and 

external engagements. Since the November incident at PT 

KML, and also in response to the changes introduced by the 

new RSPO P&amp;C 2018, our operations have been reminded to 

check with the Sustainability Department prior to any land 

clearing activities. This non-compliance was due to movement 

in the management and also due the more advisory role 

undertaken by the Sustainability department since middle of 

2017 as part of decentralisation within the whole Company.

BUMITAMA SUSTAINABILITY TEAM STRUCTURE

Board of Directors

Corporate 

Sustainability &amp; 

CSR

Human Capital

Partnership

Legal

Corporate 

Secretary

Director of Human Capital,

Sustainability &amp; Compliance

Chief Operating Officer

Chief Strategy Officer

Chief Financial Officer

Chief Executive Officer

Gunawan H. Lim


14









Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

OUR APPROACH TO 

SUSTAINABILITY

BUILDING BLOCKS OF SUSTAINABILITY POLICY IMPLEMENTATION

“NO DEFORESTATION, NO PEAT, NO EXPLOITATION”

• Stakeholders mapping

• Data, permits and documentation for HGU, location 

permit and operational plantation permits (Ijin Usaha 

Perkebunan (IUP))

• GIS mapping &amp; groundtruthing

Socialisation, Mapping, Baselines and Monitoring Framework

• Identification of HCV, HCS, peat, and  

SIA management plan

• Socialisation of initial data and plans

• Sustainability management plan and key performance 

indicator (KPI) scorecard, monitoring &amp; reporting system

• Assess, monitor and maintain HCV, HCS, peat and 

conservation areas

• FPIC &amp; community consultation

• Supply chain review for plasma and smallholders

• GHG reduction programme

Sustainability Performance Enhancement

• Stakeholder engagement &amp; capacity building

• Economic development &amp; alternative livelihood for 

communities

• Complaints handling &amp; whistle blowing

•  RSPO

•  ISPO

•  ISCC

• ISO

System Development &amp; Certification

•  OSHA

•  GMP

•  KELAS KEBUN

•  BMP

•  Forest conservation &amp; sustainable land use

•  GHG/Emissions reduction

•  Biodiversity study &amp; conservation

•  Community Livelihood &amp; CSR programme

Innovation &amp; Continuous Improvement

•  Traceability &amp; responsible sourcing

•  Yield enhancement through special agronomy 

programme

•  New geographic information system (GIS) technology 

for mapping

• SMART monitoring &amp; reporting

•  Proper

•  RKL/RPL

•  UKL/UPL


15

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

SUSTAINABILITY POLICY SOCIALISATION 

Parties

Objectives

Method

Completion target

Employees and Workers

Additional socialisation of our Policy

Morning briefing, in-house magazine and 

classroom training

Ongoing

Plasma smallholders

Traceability/Certification

Mill records to include source of FFB; 

training of cooperatives &amp; staff.

YE 2017/2024

Outgrowers, 

independent 

smallholders &amp; traders

Legal sourcing

Purchase documents and mill records 

(including location, names of farmers, 

collectors and traders, legal status of 

land/size and length of tenure); educate 

on deforestation and peat; no purchase 

from areas opened with the two above 

conditions after target date.

YE 2017 for certified 

mills

Complete 95% by YE 

2019 for others and 

usage of risk assessment 

maps

Contractors

Work within policy

Contract and briefing.

Ongoing

Consultants, bankers &amp; 

other stakeholders

Doing business sustainably

Share policy during first meeting or policy 

and report provided.

Ongoing

Buyers

Ensure conformity with buyers’ policy

Periodic meetings and communication.

Ongoing 

1 Our subsidiary Bumitama Gunajaya Agro held the membership until 2013.

CERTIFICATION AND ENGAGEMENT

To raise our sustainability performance to a world-class level, 

we have adopted a comprehensive certification programme 

that combines international and local Indonesian standards. 

This keeps our sustainability objectives aligned across the 

organisation and ensures that our efforts are both meaningful 

and ambitious. With the introduction of the new RSPO P&amp;C, 

adopted in late 2018, we will be raising the bar even further, 

and ensuring that we remain responsive to the expectations 

of our stakeholders. Among other areas, the new standard 

includes a stronger commitment to no deforestation through 

the adoption of the High Carbon Stock Approach, higher 

standards for labour rights, and better transparency and 

accountability. This is well-aligned with our own Sustainability 

and No Deforestation, No Peat, No Exploitation (NDPE) policy.

ROUNDTABLE ON SUSTAINABLE PALM OIL

Certification against the RSPO Principles &amp; Criteria was 

completed for our first two mills in 2014. Subject to obtaining 

HGUs, we remain on track to complete certification for all 

our older mills in 2020, our newest mill in Bukit Belaban by 

2021 and all independent and plasma smallholders by 2024. 

As at 31 December 2018, four of our mills have achieved 

certification and 31.7% of our total planted area is RSPO 

certified.

Four mills have been certified in 2018. We planned to certify 

five, but a change in the RSPO Supply Chain Certification 

System caused one of our mills to lose eligibility for certification 

as an independent mill. We will conduct an audit following the 

RSPO P&amp;C certification to get this mill certified again. The 

certified area and volume rose to 41,970 hectares and 167,284 

Metric Tonnes (MT) respectively. In early 2019 we received 

two certificates, one for our only mill in Sumatra, and one for a 

mill in West Kalimantan, bringing our total number of certified 

mills to six. With the two new certificates, 1,899 hectares (HA) 

of plasma smallholders land was also RSPO certified.

RSPO CERTIFIED AREA (HA)

41,970

26,622

41,594

41,594

2018

2017

2016

2015

2014

41,550

RSPO CERTIFIED AREA (%) 

31.7%

2018

31.6%

2017

23.1%

2014

34.7%

2015

2016

32.3%


16

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

OUR APPROACH TO 

SUSTAINABILITY

ANNUAL CERTIFICATION PLAN

Management unit 

Mill

Supply base

Location

Timebound plan

PT. Windu Nabatindo 

Lestari (WNL)

Pundu Nabatindo 

Mill

PT Windu Nabatindo Lestari (WNL)

Central Kalimantan

2014

Koperasi Harapan Abadi

2019

Independent Smallholders (Kelompok Tani Tenera)

2018

PT Fajar Bumi Nabati (FBI)

2019

PT Gemilang Subur Maju (GSM)

stage 1

PT Windu Nabatindo 

Lestari (WNL)

Katari Agro Mill

PT Windu Nabatindo Lestari (WNL)

Central Kalimantan

2016

PT Karya Makmur 

Bahagia (KMB)

Gunung Makmur 

Mill

PT Karya Makmur Bahagia (KMB)

Central Kalimantan

2014

Koperasi Unit Desa Mekar Jaya (KMB)

2019

Koperasi Unit Desa Sekar Tani (KMB)

Koperasi Unit Desa Lestari (KMB)

Koperasi Usaha Bersama (KMB)

Koperasi Makarti Jaya (KMB)

Koperasi Marga Rahayu (KMB)

Koperasi Tani Santoso (KMB)

PT Tanah Tani Lestari (TTL)

2020

Koperasi Hapakat (TTL)

Koperasi Rika Bersatu (TTL)

Koperasi Usaha Bersama (TTL)

Koperasi Eka Kaharap (TTL)

Koperasi Berkat Usaha Bersama (TTL)

Koperasi Bina Tani (TTL)

Independent Smallholders (Kelompok Tani Karya Bersama)

2019

PT Karya Makmur 

Bahagia (KMB)

Bukit Makmur Mill

PT Karya Makmur Bahagia (KMB)

Central Kalimantan

2019

PT Langgeng Makmur Sejahtera (LMS)

2020

 

Koperasi Telawang Bersatu

Koperasi Hinje Ate

Koperasi Eka Kaharap

PT Windu Nabatindo 

Abadi (WNA)

Sungai Cempaga 

Mill

PT Windu Nabatindo Abadi (WNA)

Central Kalimantan

2019

PT Nabatindo Karya Utama (NKU)

KSU Sehati Pundu

Koperasi Koling Hapakat

PT Windu Nabatindo 

Abadi (WNA)

Selucing Agro Mill

PT Windu Nabatindo Sejahtera (WNS)

Central Kalimantan

2020

PT Bumitama 

Gunajaya Abadi (BGB)

Kotawaringin Mill

PT Bumitama Gunajaya Abadi (BGB)

Central Kalimantan

2020

PT Bumitama 

Gunajaya Abadi (BGB)

Lamandau Mill

PT Bumitama Gunajaya Abadi (BGB)

Central Kalimantan

2020

PT Andalan Sukses Makmur (ASMR)

PT Investa Karya Bakti (IKB)

PT Gunajaya Karya 

Gemilang (GKG)

Kendawangan Mill

PT Gunajaya Karya Gemilang (GKG)

West Kalimantan

2016

PT Gunajaya Ketapang Sentosa (GKS)

Koperasi Serba Usaha Bersama

2019

Koperasi Serba Usaha Karya Bersama

Koperasi Binasari

Koperasi Perkebunan Fajar Mandiri

Koperasi Rimba Sari

PT Agro Sejahtera 

Mandiri (ASM)

Pembangunan Raya 

Mill

PT Agro Sejahtera Mandiri

West Kalimantan

2019

PT Gunajaya Harapan Lestari

2020

PT. Karya Bakti Agro 

Sejahtera (KBAS)

Sungai Rasau Mill

PT Karya Bakti Agro Sejahtera (KBAS)

West Kalimantan

2019

PT Agriplus

2021

PT Ladang Sawit Mas

(LSM)

Bukit Tunggal Jaya 

Mill

PT Ladang Sawit Mas (LSM)

West Kalimantan

2020

PT Lestari Gemilang Intisawit (LGI)

PT Agro Manunggal Sawitindo (AMS)

PT Karya Makmur Langgeng (KML)

PT Sejahtera Sawit Lestari (SSL)

PT Nabati Agro Subur (NAS)

PT Gemilang Makmur Subur (GMS)

2021 or One year after 

getting the HGU

PT Damai Agro Sejahtera (DAS)

PT Rohul Sawit 

Industri (RSI)

Suka Damai Mill

PT Masuba Citra Mandiri (MCM)

Riau

2019

Koperasi Karya Melayu Sejati

PT Inti Sawit Lestari 

(ISL)

Bukit Belaban Mill

PT Sentosa Prima Agro (SPA)

West Kalimantan

2021

PT Raya Sawit Manunggal (RSM)

PT Wahana Hijau Indah (WHI)

PT Hungarindo Persada (HPE)

2022 or One year after 

getting the HGU

Note: We will proceed with the certification of FFB suppliers in stages, and alongside the socialisation process described in the section on smallholders.


17

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

ISPO, ISO AND ISCC

The Indonesian Sustainable Palm Oil (ISPO) certification 

scheme was launched as a mandatory requirement for 

Indonesian oil palm growers in 2012. As at the end of 2018, we 

have three PTs certified under ISPO. The chart above shows 

the progress of the various PTs for ISPO certification. 

We are training teams in preparation for certification against the 

International Sustainability &amp; Carbon Certification (ISCC). ISCC 

allows CPO producers to export CPO to the European market 

for use in biofuels under the Renewable Energy Directives 

(RED) scheme. We will proceed to certification in accordance 

with the RED criteria. These include a requirement that biogas 

methane capture facilities are installed to achieve prescribed 

greenhouse gas (GHG) reduction levels. We currently have 

one biogas methane capture facility in development and 

will proceed to certification, depending on the status of the 

proposed EU ban on the import of CPO for biodiesel. 

We certified our PT RSI mill in 2018, and are also working 

towards ISO 14001 certification for two further mills. 

Program Kinerja Pengelolaan Lingkungan Perusahaan (PROPER), 

or the Health, Safety and Environmental Aspect Assessment, 

is the Indonesian Government’s programme for rating 

corporate performance related to environmental and social 

sustainability management. PROPER is conducted on a 

yearly basis by the Indonesian Environmental Agency, or 

Kementerian Lingkungan Hidup dan Kehutanan (KLHK). It 

ISPO CERTIFICATION STATUS

Audit ISPO

PT KMB, 

PT. GKG

PT. GKS

PT. ASM

PT. WNL

PT RSI &amp; 

MCM

PT LSM, 

PT LGI,

PT NAS, 

PT ISL

PT. BGB

PT. WNA,

PT. NKU,

 PT KBAS

Other PTs

Stage

Certified

Stage 2

Pending 

release by 

the ISPO 

commission

Stage 2

Will proceed 

to certification 

upon 

rectifying 

audit gaps

Stage 2

Will continue 

certification 

together 

with RSPO 

certification 

according 

to the 

timebound 

plan

Stage 2

Preparing for 

re-audit

Stage 1

Will continue 

certification 

together 

with RSPO 

certification 

according 

to the 

timebound 

plan

–

Will enter 

Stage 1 when 

required 

criteria have 

been secured

asseses companies' performance through a transparency 

mechanism and public disclosure process, including how 

they manage environmental and biodiversity issues, 

community development, hazardous waste disposal and 

energy utilisation. PROPER performance is then classified 

into five categories: Black as the lowest, followed by Red, 

Green, Blue and Gold as the highest category. At the end 

of 2018, Bumitama has three PTs in the Blue certification 

category, with other PTs awaiting notification of their 

KLHK assessments.

Bumitama is aiming to achieve RSPO certification for all of its 

HGU-licensed plantation companies by 2021. Concessions 

that have not yet been planted, or that have not secured the 

HGU land title, will be certified one year after obtaining HGU, 

or at latest by the end of 2024.

We may need to reconsider our targets, however, as the new 

P&amp;C require PTs that have not yet been certified to undergo 



an HCV ALS review. We are waiting for additional information 

from the NDTF – but considering the added requirement for 

certification in the new RSPO 2018 P&amp;C, our estimation is that 

certification for 2019 may be delayed by at least another year. 

This will mean additional time and cost for certification, as 

well as the need to tackle the Remediation and Compensation 

Procedure (RaCP) issue, which now has a very long processing 

time and has been made more complex under the new P&amp;C.


18

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

ENVIRONMENT

BIODIVERSITY PROTECTION

We develop our land in accordance with international and 

industry best practices to avoid impacting existing ecosystems. 

New developments must adhere to the RSPO New Plantings 

Procedure (NPP) and undergo High Conservation Value (HCV) 

assessments, Social Impact Assessments (SIA) and High Carbon 

Stock (HCS) Approach assessments. Peat delineation tests and 

land cover, land use and land use change analyses must also 

be completed to identify locations with HCV, HCS and peat. 

These assessments and analyses guide the development of 

planting plans for our new concessions to ensure that HCV, 

HCS and peat land areas are not planted with oil palm.

CONSERVATION SET-ASIDE AREAS 

Year/Ha

HCV

HCS

Peat

Total 

Total Area

2014*

4,689 

(2.9%)

8,459 

(4.3%)

2,682** 

(1.9%)

12,758 

(6.4%)

199,000

(100%)

2016

18,745

(8.3%)

9,238

(4.1%)

4,113*** 

(1.8%)

29,415 

(13.1%)

225,000

(100%)

2018

23,780

(10.2%)

11,599

(5.0%)

6,115***

(2.6%)

39,380

(16.8%)

234,000

(100%)

* 

Area of 5 PTs only

** 

Overlaps with the HCS

*** 2,682 hectares overlap with HCS

CONSERVATION AREA SET-ASIDE (HA, %) 

(HCV/HCS/PEAT) 

16.8%

39,380

6.4%

12,758

15.7%

36,561

2018

2017

2016

2015

2014

16,088

 % of total area set-aside

 HA set-aside for conservation

7.8%

13.1%

29,415



NPPs are posted for stakeholder consultation on the 

RSPO website, and our HCV assessments are undertaken 

in compliance with the HCV Resource Network Assessor 

Licensing Scheme. We are also committed to following the 

HCS Approach peer review process. Our first assessment of 

PT Gemilang Makmur Subur (GMS), West Kalimantan, was 

reviewed and approved in February of 2017. The assessment 

covered 5,216 hectares, of which the assessors recommended 

that 1,434 hectares (27.5%) be set aside for conservation due 

to the presence of peat or HCVs, and/or an HCS classification.

The HCSA peer review and HCV Assessor Licensing Scheme 

were merged in 2018. Going forward, we will use the integrated 

assessment manual and the combined quality control system 

employed by the two organisations.


19

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

CONSERVATION INITIATIVES

Our operations are located within, or adjacent to some of 

the richest and most biologically diverse ecosystems on the 

planet. Our NDPE commitment recognises the vital role 

Bumitama has to play in protecting and – where possible – 

enhancing these landscapes. 

We do not and will not operate within nationally or 

internationally recognised protected areas or national 

parks, and we seek to protect and enhance the population 

of species identified as endangered or vulnerable under the 

national laws of Indonesia and the International Union for 

Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List. 

Hunting is banned in all Bumitama concessions, and we 

engage with local communities to prevent the hunting of 

vulnerable species in surrounding areas. Bumitama also 

proactively engages with local communities, consulting with 

them and inviting their participation in all our landscape 

planning processes. Their invaluable input enables us to 

better identify and safeguard critical ecosystem services, 

cultural HCVs and local biodiversity.





* Photos on page 19 - 20 by Joshua Mathews.




20

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

ENVIRONMENT

ENDANGERED SPECIES IN REGIONS WHERE WE OPERATE 

IUCN status

West 

Kalimantan 

and Riau

Central 

Kalimantan

Critically endangered 

Pongo pygmaeus (Bornean Orangutan)

*

Manis javanica (Sunda Pangolin)

Endangered

Hylobates agilis (Agile Gibbon)

Nasalis larvatus (Proboscis Monkey)

Ciconia stormi (Storm’s Stork)

Tomistoma schlegelii (False Gharial)

Vulnerable

Acridotheres javanicus (Javan Myna)

Aonyx cinerea (Asian Small-clawed Otter)

Cervus timorensis (Javan Rusa)

Cervus unicolor (Sambar Deer)

Chloropsis sonnerati (Greater Green Leafbird)

Cuora amboinensis (Amboina box turtle)

Ducula pickeringii (Grey Imperial Pigeon)

Helarctos malayanus (Sun Bear)

Leptoptilos javanicus (Lesser Adjudant)

Lutra perspicillata (Smooth-coated Otter)

Macaca nemestrina (Southern Pig-tailed Macaque)

Neofelis nebulosa (Clouded Leopard)

Numenius arquata (Eurasian Curlew)

Nycticebus coucang/ Nycticebus brachycephalus 

(Sunda Slow Loris)

Nycticebus menagensis (Philippine Slow Loris)

Ophiophagus Hannah (King Cobra)

Pardofelis marmorata (Marbled Cat)

Presbytis cristata (Silvered Leaf-monkey)

Presbytis frontata (White-fronted Surili)

Presbytis hosei (Hose’s Langur)

Prionailurus bengalensis/Felis bengalensis 

(Leopard Cat)

Pycnonotus zeylanicus (Strawheaded Bulbul)

Rheithrosciurus macrotis (Tufted Ground Squirrel)

Setornis criniger (Hook-billed Bulbul)

Siebenrockiella crassicollis (Black Marsh Turtle)

Sus barbatus (Bornean Bearded Pig)

Tarsius bancanus (Horsfield’s Tarsier)

Tomistoma schlegelii (False Gharial)

Treron capellei (Large Green Pigeon)

* 

Pongo pygmaeus (Bornean Orangutan) is not found in Sumatra - Riau


21

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

Building a wildlife corridor in West Kalimantan

Bumitama's PT Gemilang Makmur Subur (PT GMS) and PT 

Damai Agro Sejahtera (PT DAS) plantations are located in 

the Ketapang district of West Kalimantan, an area in which 

rapid development of agriculture and extraction concessions 

has led to fragmented forest patches that threaten both 

landscapes and local animal species. These include an 

estimated population of 900–1,200 Bornean orangutans.

To address this challenge, the Bumitama Biodiversity and 

Community Project (BBCP) – co-founded in 2016 with IDH, 

The Sustainable Trade Initiative – has been exploring ways 

in which wildlife protection can co-exist with sustainable 

production as part of a collaborative and landscape-based 

approach to land use. 

The primary objective of the project has been to secure 

the rehabilitation and management of a wildlife corridor for 

orangutans and other species. The projected corridor will 

include approximately 1,100 hectares belonging to our PT 

GMS concession. Following our acquisition of neighbouring 

PT DAS we have been offered an additional 6,500 hectares 

for potential conservation. 

To support this project, we have partnered with Yayasan 

International Animal Rescue Indonesia (YIARI), which provides 

the BBCP with on-the-ground technical expertise in wildlife 

conservation. This resulted in a series of jointly-undertaken 

assessments in 2017 to understand the ecological context 

and level of ecological degradation in the area, and provided 

a starting point to plan the corridor. By connecting our 

existing HCV/HCS areas, the corridor will play a critical role 

in our ongoing orangutan conservation efforts and, we hope, 

encourage expansion in the population of both orangutans 

and other species dependent on the area. 

Bumitama has engaged extensively with local communities to 

protect the corridor area from encroachment, risk of fires, and 

illegal logging, mining or hunting. The regular patrolling of the 

area is done by a trained team of forest rangers, consisting 

of two leaders and five rangers from the neighbouring 

villages. The team have been specially trained for patrolling 

and monitoring activities in collaboration with YIARI. Training 

sessions were conducted throughout 2018 focused on the 

following areas:

• Consultation and training on human-orangutan conflict. 

To safely handle any potential conflicts with orangutans, 

our plantation staff and the ranger team were trained 

by professionals from YIARI to safely manage any 

such situations. This often involved making hand-held 

firecracker cannons (manufactured from bamboo and 

tin, using calcium carbide to produce a loud noise when 

detonated), to steer orangutans back into the forest or 

away from humans and/or farms.





• Spatial 

Monitoring 

and 

Reporting 

Tools 

(SMART) 

software training to help with 

managing conservation areas, 

conducting patrols, identifying 

threats and monitoring animals. 

This tool provides the ranger 

team with a platform to quickly 

and easily record and analyse 

data, 

producing 

maps 

and 

reports 

from 

the 

patrolling 

inspections. Collecting precise 

data while patrolling is crucial 

for monitoring of the project 

activities and provides inputs 

for implementation of new ones.


22

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

ENVIRONMENT

• Training in the use and installation of camera traps. Camera 

traps are one of most effective ways of conducting wildlife 

surveys or behavioural studies, providing information 

on the presence or absence of a wide variety of wildlife. 

We hope the use of camera traps will provide baseline 

biodiversity data for the conservation area, enable regular 

monitoring of biodiversity status, and supply necessary 

information for improving our conservation management 

activities. We will share our preliminary findings by the 

middle of 2019.

To preserve the last track of a possible corridor between Sungai 

Putri and Gunung Tarak with connections to the National Park 

of Gunung Palung, it is essential to achieve understanding 

amongst all stakeholders that share the landscape. This has 

been especially relevant to a neigbouring industrial plantation 

forest (Hutan Tanaman Industri (HTI)) company PT Mohairson 

Pawan Khatulistiwa which holds permits to most of the 

Sungai Putri forest and a bauxite mining company called PT 

Laman Mining, whose permits overlap with the permit of 

PT GMS, including the conservation areas identified as the 

wildlife corridor. Recognising the potential risks, we have 

intensified our engagement with the governmental institutions 

on protection of the corridor and the main instrument for 

legalisation of these areas has been the Essential Ecosystem 

Area (Kawasan Ekosistem Esensial (KEE)) concept, which we 

have received the ‘surat kuasa’ from the previous governor 

of West Kalimantan. Apparently the lack of implementation 

instruction from the Provincial Government had this matter 

on pending mode. The absence of legal protection has been 

exploited in July 2018, when a mining road was cleared across 

the PT GMS conservation areas. 

To prevent any further clearing we have engaged with and 

mobilised the local community, governmental institutions, other 

companies sharing the same landscape, as well as fellow NGOs. 

This has brought the representatives of PT Laman Mining to the 

table, who pledged to maintain and protect the existence of the 

KEE areas and to build a crossing for the wildlife to be able to 

safely navigate to the other side of the road, when migrating 

across the landscape, to and from the Sungai Putri forest.

Reforestation in Central Kalimantan

Over the past years, we have seen good progress in our forest 

rehabilitation programme in Central Kalimantan. We work 

with local communities to restore set-aside areas that have 

been degraded or burned. Due to strong community interest, 

we have been able to link to additional projects, especially 

in harvesting of non-timber forest products (see page 32), 

planting of mangroves to prevent coastal erosion, and support 

for the Lamandau Wildlife Reserve in partnership with the 

Orangutan Foundation UK and with the help of children from 

our schools.

While the programme has been a great success overall, 

illegal clearing remains a significant challenge. In 2018, our 

monitoring efforts identified land clearing in the buffer zone 

of Tanjung Puting National Park (TNTP), just outside PT 

ASMR. Our team approached the owner, a local entrepreneur, 

together with the village head and National Park management. 

We have engaged with him and made him aware that opening 

the buffer zone of national park is a legal violation, and 

that Bumitama’s policy would bar any fruit purchase from 

developments that cleared forest or peat. The issue has yet 

to be resolved, but we continue engagement to persuade the 

landowner to stop any planting and rehabilitate the land.

SAFEGUARDING THE LEGAL STATUS OF PROTECTED 

AREAS THROUGH THE WEST KALIMANTAN GREEN 

GROWTH PLAN

The West Kalimantan Governor put forward a plan in 2017 to 

protect the state’s rainforest under the title “Green Growth 

Plan based on Production, Protection and Inclusion”. The plan 

outlines how a sustainable solution can be reached through a 

consensus-based process that engages all local stakeholders, 

including NGOs, the private sector, communities, local 

government and financial institutions. The purpose is to 

facilitate sustainable growth that eliminates poverty in rural 

regions, while improving biodiversity, social inclusion, and 

efficient use of natural resources through landscape planning. 

The Green Growth Plan has officially recognised the BBCP as 

one of the initiatives that are being implemented in the West 

Kalimantan, awarding it with a status of KEE by the decision 

of the West Kalimantan Governor. 

Under the Green Growth Plan, the protection of conservation 

areas (including HCS, HCV and peat) would be driven by a 

landscape approach, while a jurisdictional approach would 

be developed to facilitate the appropriate planning of 

production areas. Through implementation of green growth 

strategies, forests are allowed to be set aside for conservation 

while an enabling legal framework and law enforcement is 

put into place. The provincial government is currently drafting 

regulations that would provide it with a more robust legal 

process in the future, ensuring that large set-aside areas do 

not become classified as abandoned land and thereby risk 

repossession by regional government for future development.






23

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

FIRE MONITORING AND PREVENTION

Fires are a major threat to our productivity, our biodiversity 

conservation efforts, as well as to the health and safety of our 

employees and surrounding communities. We enforce a strict 

zero-fire policy within all our operations. Fires can also cause 

and contribute to the severe haze issues experienced across 

the Southeast-Asia region as smoke is carried by the wind.

There has thankfully been no reoccurrence of the type of 

violent fires seen in 2014–15, which struck both Kalimantan 

and Sumatra. However, we recorded an increased number of 

fires in 2018 compared to previous years. These were all minor 

incidents and were rapidly addressed, with the exception of the 

fire detailed below.

HECTARES BURNT

 Planted ha burnt

 Unplanted ha burnt

315

35

1,554

300

1,024

3

10

79

22

2018

2017

2016

2015

2014

8

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

Total Number of fires

181

204

5

13

35

2018

Total fire occurrences / ha

Fire occurrences in planted 

area / ha

Fire occurrences outside 

of our area / ha

All PTs

35 / 350 ha

22 / 315 ha

13 / 35 ha

PT SSL 11-18 August

1 / 262ha

1 / 262 ha

-

Without SSL

34 / 88 ha

21/ 53 ha

13 / 35 ha


24

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

ENVIRONMENT

The most severe fire occurred on 11 August 2018 in our 

subsidiary PT SSL. The fire was extinguished later that day, 

but our patrols identified hotspots in three other locations. 

We attempted to tackle the outbreak with the assistance of 

village fire-fighting teams and local government and military 

teams. Unfortunately, a combination of dry vegetation, 

peat soils and strong winds caused the fire to take hold and 

spread to the western parts of our concession. Water from 

a nearby stream was used to flood the entire area, which 

finally extinguished the fire. The fire damaged approximately 

260 hectares of land. 

We recorded 12 small fires outside of our concessions. 

Most were insignificant and quickly extinguished, and were 

discovered by our hotspot monitoring system. This has been 

happening due to the shifting cultivation by local communities. 

According to Indonesian regulations in some Indonesian 

constituencies, the use of fire to clear areas smaller than 

two hectares is still permitted, as long as the village and local 

police receive prior notification. To eliminate this practice 

we have attempted to engage directly with the village where 

fires appeared in the previous year, offering both training and 

alternative land clearing methods to the community. In 2018, 

we partnered with 40 villages across our operations under the 

Desa Bebas Api programme, to encourage their communities 

to refrain from using fire. The 35 villages that were successful 

throughout the year 2018 in adopting alternative land 

clearing measures and achieving no burning in their land were 

honoured with in-kind rewards, such as firefighting equipment 

and portable agricultural machinery.

We have also established precautionary measures that 

enable us to give special attention to fire-prone areas. Such 

measures include the mapping of concession areas based on 

the level of potential fire risk posed by their respective land 

cover types (peat or mineral, clear or scrub, boundary areas, 

forest conservation areas and water sources).

Bumitama has an established command and control centre to 

ensure efficient communication in the event of fire-related 

emergencies, and we regularly conduct patrols of at-risk 

areas. We have also improved accessibility to water sources 

throughout our operations. We have improved our water 

management by building water collection ponds, by planting 

bamboo to promote water retention in ponds, and by ensuring 

plentiful water reserves in anticipation of dry spells and 

firefighting emergencies. 

To mitigate the impact and minimise the risk of fires in the 

future, we will improve our current fire prevention processes 

by:

• Advancing 

emergency 

fire 

response 

teams. 

Each 

plantation unit has to conduct training exercises and 

firefighting simulations, with relevant institutions such as 

Manggala Agni, at least two times a year.

• Conducting fire patrols and utilising our Early Warning 

System (EWS) to predict potential fires. The EWS will 

provide us with pre-warning for mobilisation of equipment 

before fires happen. This is conducted through analysis of 

weather data, monitoring regional water reservoirs’ status, 

and studying trends in hotspots and community land 

clearing activities. We analyse NASA’s Fire Information 

for Resource Management System (FIRMS) for hotspot 

occurrence and work with an expert organisation on 

analysis of near-real time satellite imagery. Resulting 

information is reported to our on-site team that are 

dispatched to the location, using drones for ground-

checking of any fire hazards.

• Testing of fire-fighting equipment. To make sure necessary 

equipment is always ready to be used in fire-fighting, 

regular inspections and assessments are needed to repair 

or replace unsuitable equipment.

• Collaborating with the local communities and government 

institutions and agencies to ensure that the land in the 

area of our operations is safe from forest and plantation 

fires.

Our firefighting capacity has been strengthened through our 

partnership with Manggala Agni, a Ministry of Forestry fire 

unit that specialises in forest fire prevention and control. 

In 16 separate training sessions conducted across our 

operations in 2018, a total of 885 of Bumitama employees 

and 252 people from the local community were trained on 

fire management.

Bumitama continues to take an integrated and inclusive 

approach to fire risk and prevention through a range of 

CSR programmes. We lend tractors to local communities so 

they can clear land without resorting to burning. Acting on 

recommendations developed through our discussions with 

regional government experts, we have also provided villages 

with manual clearing tools. 


Coordination on putting out fire

25

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

Reported Fire Location  

from Stakeholders*

* (Patrolling team, security, 

witnesses, villagers)

Using all means and types of

firefighting and its equipment

Task Force, Patrolling Team,

Security Collaboration

Community Engagement

Investigation (if necessary)

Review &amp; Update

of Action Plan

Within Bumitama Estate

Priority setting

Fire insulation;

embers extinguished

Consolidated burnt areas

Monitoring current burnt areas

Reporting

Socialisation &amp;

stage implementation

Monitoring &amp; progress update

• Documented Evidences

• Fact Finding Summary

• Cause &amp; Effect Analysis

Surrounding

Bumitama Estate

If the distance of fire location:

•  In between 200-1,000m the 

patrol team report to the Head 

Village while keep monitoring

• Less than 200m the patrol 

team monitor directly &amp; 

prevent the possibility of fire 

entering the estate

Guiding Principles of

Fire Prevention through

Community Engagement

• Proactive

• Awareness

• Discipline

• Identify potential water 

sources

• Identify and map all fire-prone 

areas

• Install fire hazard signboards 

&amp; construct watchtower in 

strategic location

• Fire training and socialisation 

programmes

• Readiness of fire fighting 

equipment

• To encourage active 

participation of Desa Bebas Api 

programme

• Compliance to Law &amp; 

Regulations

• Importance to Company

• Importance to affected 

Stakeholders

• Clarity of problems

• Controllability

BUMITAMA FIRE MANAGEMENT FLOW CHART

Fire location identified


26

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

ENVIRONMENT

GREENHOUSE GAS ACCOUNTABILITY

We recognise that climate change, accompanied by fluctuating 

weather patterns, poses a major risk to the livelihoods and 

safety of communities, to fragile ecosystems and to agricultural 

supply chains. Being part of the solution and mitigating the 

impact of this major challenge is central to our sustainability 

strategy. We remain committed to progressively reducing our 

greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.

To establish a baseline, we used the RSPO PalmGHG 

methodology to estimate our 2016 GHG emissions at our 

certified plantations. In 2018, we estimated an emissions 

intensity of 1.56 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent per tonne 

of CPO produced, which we believe to be comparable to peers 

in Indonesia, based on publicly available disclosures. We will 

try to expand the scope of our GHG assessment, providing 

more complete information by assessing the GHG emissions 

of the units preparing for certification, before completing the 

assessment of whole of our operations.

Bumitama’s long-term plan to reduce GHG emissions consists 

of the following steps:

• The first stage and the most effective carbon emissions 

reduction strategy is not to deforest and not to open peat. 

This strategy had already been implemented with the 

implementation of NDPE.

• The second stage of carbon emissions reduction is via the 

reduction of methane emissions in the factories through 

either methane capture facilities or through composting, 

belt press and other methods of extracting the solids from 

the ponds in the mills.

• The third stage will be looking at alternative energy source 

like solar panel as replacement for generator sets or using 

biodiesel to motor the generator sets.

LAND USE CHANGE ANALYSIS TO MINIMISE FUTURE 

EMISSIONS

Around 29% of emissions from our four certified units derive 

from previous land clearances. This is low relative to many 

of our peers, as much of the certified area was planted on 

scrub and grassland. As we proceed to certify some newer 

developments, especially those planted after the release of 

our 2015 Sustainability Policy, we would expect this figure to 

decrease. Newer plantations were planted in accordance with 

the preceding Land Use Change Analysis (LUCA) assessment, 

conducted as a part of the RSPO New Planting Procedure, and 

are often carbon negative. Since 2015 this process resulted in 

carbon savings of more than 22,000 MT CO2 across 4 of our 

concessions. In these plantations the sequestration from oil 

palm will be higher than that of the site’s vegetation prior to 

planting.

METHANE CAPTURE OF POME EMISSIONS

35% of our emissions are methane from palm oil mill 

effluent (POME). We are looking to reduce or eliminate 

POME emissions through biogas facilities that convert 

methane into electricity that can be channelled back into 

the local electricity grid. We have partnered with waste 

treatment and integrated power solution providers to 

develop a biogas plant Riau – Sumatra, which we expect 

to be completed by the end of 2019. We estimate that 

the facility will be able to reduce emissions from POME 

by 90% when fully operational. Similar facilities will 

progressively be developed at other mills, depending 

on viability of turning the resulted biogas methane to 

electricity to be fed to the grid and operating the facilities 

in partnership with expert organisations. Where not 

appropriate, we will install other devices to treat our 

wastewater and to reduce the emanating GHG. Bumitama 

currently operates three composting sites, with plans to 

install another seven during 2019. In 2020 we will trial 

solid separation technology that will help us to further 

decrease GHG emissions further. 

MAPPING AND RESTORATION OF PEAT AREAS

22% our emissions derive from peat oxidation from 

existing plantings. We stand by our clear commitment to 

stop new plantation developments taking place on peat, 

to restore peatland where possible, and to apply best 

management practices in existing plantings. We have 

made considerable headway in reviewing our land maps 

and soil classifications in the past year. A review of our 

four certified concessions identified 4,725 hectares of 

planted areas as peat, or roughly 9% of the total surveyed 

area. In addition, we have identified 1,431 hectares 

of peat as part of our NPPs, which will be set aside for 

conservation. This represents approximately 8 % of the 

land assessed under NPP. We will continue these mapping 

exercises to complete an overview of peat areas within 

our concessions over the coming years.

We are also reviewing options for restoring peatland in PT DAS 

as part of the Bumitama Biodiversity and Community Project. 

We are currently reviewing partnership options with an NGO 

that specialises in peat management. Our aim is to develop a 

holistic water management, vegetation restoration and set-

aside conservation plan that focuses on the area of PT DAS as 

a part of the wider landscape of around 150,000 hectares of 

peat-swam forests, protected forest and national parklands. 

We will begin with revision of current water management 

practices to prevent excessive draining or flooding in certain 

areas, while allowing for natural rehabilitation to occur. 

Progress updates will be shared regularly through our website.

We are also seeking to reduce emissions from the use and 

transport of fertilisers by using the by-products of CPO 

production as both an alternative fertiliser and ground cover. 


27

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

EMISSIONS SOURCES AND SINKS (MT CO2e/YEAR)

214,331

Land Conversion

Crop Sequestration

CO2 Emissions 

from Fertiliser

N2O Emissions

Fuel Consumption 

(field)

Peat Oxidation

POME

Fuel Consumption 

(mill)

Sale of PKS, EFB &amp; 

Electricity

Emissions Total

Sequestration in 

Conservation Area

54,808

8,933

164,733

-2,463

258,826

2,255

-6,094

454,752

31,139

-271,713

500,000

400,000

300,000

200,000

100,000

0

-100,000

-200,000

-300,000

 

 

%

 POME  

35.2

 Fuel Consumption (mill) 

0.3

 Grid Utilisation 

0.0

 Land Conversion 

29.2

 CO2 Emissions from Fertiliser 

4.2

 N2O Emissions 

7.5

 Fuel Consumption (field) 

1.2

 Peat Oxidation 

22.4

GROSS EMISSIONS BY TYPE

 

 

%

 Field Emissions (Own Crop) 

39.9

 Field Emissions (Group) 

2.2

 Field Emissions (3rd Party) 

32.4

 Mill Emissions 

26.5

EMISSIONS BY SOURCE


28

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

ENVIRONMENT

INTEGRATED PEST MANAGEMENT  

AND CHEMICALS

Bumitama is fully committed to minimising and mitigating 

the impact of chemical pesticides on the environment. Our 

integrated pest management strategy prioritises the use 

of natural and mechanical pest reduction solutions. These 

include introducing biological controls, such as beneficial 

plants, pathogens and bacteria, as well as conserving healthy 

populations of natural predators. We also use manual 

techniques and mechanical traps. 

We only use synthetic pesticides as a last resort, and only 

under the strictest conditions. For instance, we may use 

small volumes of rodenticide, insecticide or fungicide to 

contain a particularly aggressive outbreak.

Bumitama has also made a commitment to eliminate all 

highly toxic, bio-accumulative and/or persistent pesticides 

across all operations. We have already eliminated the use of 

paraquat, a herbicide flagged for concern by our stakeholders 

due to its high toxicity levels and links to potential risks 

associated with mishandling or lack of protective equipment. 

Our phase-out of paraquat was completed in 2016.

Every Bumitama worker that handles hazardous chemicals 

is required to undergo extensive and continuing safety 

training. We provide all workers with personal protective 

equipment (PPE), and showering is compulsory at the end of 

each shift. All hazardous chemicals are kept in locked storage 

facilities in accordance with the RSPO P&amp;C. We also ensure 

that women who are pregnant or nursing do not work in or 

near areas where pesticides are used or stored.

To better understand our chemical footprint, we now 

monitor herbicide-derived toxicity levels per planted area. 

Toxicity levels tend to fluctuate widely due to the cyclical 

nature of plantings, as young plantings require greater 

amounts of herbicide, sporadic outbreak, overly wet areas 

and so on, so measuring toxicity in this way enables us to 

more accurately monitor the impact of the chemicals we do 

use over the long term. 

We have also adopted a zero-waste management policy 

for CPO production to reduce our reliance on inorganic 

fertiliser. Empty Fruit Bunch (EFB) are recycled as ground 

cover material and organic fertiliser, and are also used 

alongside POME for composting in plantations. As with 

pesticides, fertiliser usage is highly dependent on the age 

profile of plantations – with maturing plantings requiring 

increased nutrient input up to its fifth year.

TOXICITY UNITS PER PLANTED HECTARE 

(LD50/HA)

2017

218

2018

188

175*

2014

194

2015

2016

140

INORGANIC FERTILISER USAGE (MT/HA)

1.05

1.16

0.89

1.01

2018

2017

2016

2015

2014

0.90

Herbicides currently used in Bumitama’s operations 

(including plasma area)

Dimethylamine 2-4 D

Glufosinate-ammonium

Indaziflam

Glyphosate

Metsulfuron methyl

Triclopyr butotyl

Alkylaril poliglikol eter

2-sodium amine

* 2014 data are based on an estimate




29

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

BUMITAMA OWL PROGRAMME

To minimise the use of rodenticides, we have introduced 

an owl programme across our plantations. This is an 

ecologically sound method, and is also much more 

economical, with costs around 30% of conventional means 

of crop protection. In the last two years, the amount of 

birdhouses installed has increased from 400 to nearly 

1,000, recording 245 adult owls and 136 chicks in 2018. 

When the rodent population drops, the owls will migrate, 

so our team have to monitor closely to ensure that the 

houses are moved accordingly. We always prepare more 

houses to encourage owls to come and move the growing 

chicks into the new houses of their own and to take into 

account the migration.

This programme has resulted in considerable reduction in 

areas using rodenticides. In 2017 74% of our operations 

applied chemicals to prevent rodent damage, almost half 

of our planted areas are now rodenticide-free. We hope to 

to reduce use of these chemicals by 60% across all of our 

plantations by 2020. 


30

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

ENVIRONMENT

PROTECTING LOCAL WATER SOURCES

We recognise that clean, accessible water is a precious 

and increasingly scarce natural resource. It sustains the 

wellbeing of communities, wildlife and aquatic ecosystems. 

It is also vital for our palm oil mill operations and the health 

of our employees. Minimising the risk of surface water or 

ground water contamination, either through fertiliser misuse 

or other field practices, is therefore a priority area in our 

Sustainability Policy.

We do not have enough detailed data on water risks in and 

around our concessions. We were scheduled to develop 

plans to document and monitor the impact of our activities 

on surface and ground water quality and availability, as well 

as to identify mitigation strategies. We are currently trying 

to partner up with expert organisations and to potentially 

secure funding. This would allow us to better understand 

the existing water risks and develop long-term management 

plans that would benefit stakeholders inside and beyond the 

boundaries of our operations.

Mill and plantation operations account for the majority of 

our water consumption. River water is extracted for use 

in processing mills, while rainwater is harvested to supply 

housing areas, communities and other operational activities. 

Rainwater for firefighting and other contingencies is stored 

in ponds constructed near our plantations. Our continuing 

effort to raise awareness about water conservation has 

resulted in a 22% reduction in consumption at our mills over 

the past five years. We believe this puts our consumption in 

line with our industry peers and best practices. 



MILLS WATER USAGE (M3/MT FFB)

1.28

1.59

1.25

1.26

2018

2017

2016

2015

2014

1.30

BIOLOGICAL OXYGEN DEMAND LEVELS (PPM)

5000

4000

3000

2000

1000

0

 BOD - high

 BOD - low

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

158

573

204

1,715

400

324

310

2,275

1,653

4,593

Note: BOD levels measured at the environmental impact point

POME from our mills is collected in ponds, where it is treated 

to reach the levels required by local regulations. It is then 

applied to land as a fertiliser. We monitor POME quality 

at the environmental impact point based on the following 

parameters: Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD), Biological 

Oxygen Demand (BOD), ammoniacal nitrogen content, 

nitrate content, pH, total dissolved solids (TDS) and total 

suspended solids (TSS).

We are currently undertaking research into the optimal 

use of POME for land application so that we can reduce 

our reliance on inorganic fertiliser. Experimental trials 

conducted at two of our mills resulted in increased BOD 

levels in 2016, although the BOD levels of all POME used 

for land application were within regulatory limits.




31

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

PEOPLE

COMMUNITY LAND RIGHTS  

AND PARTNERSHIPS

Our license to operate depends on good community relations 

and strong partnerships. In accordance with the RSPO P&amp;C, 

we have implemented a detailed Free, Prior and Informed 

Consent (FPIC) process that mandates participatory mapping 

and social impact assessments prior to all new developments. 

A management and mitigation plan is developed with all 

relevant stakeholders to ensure that land rights holders and their 

representatives are appropriately identified, and that adequate 

information is provided on both benefits and negative impacts. 

These measures ensure that informed consent can be given or 

withheld in accordance with the wishes of the community. 

At the heart of our FPIC process is a CSR programme designed 

to ensure that communities gain tangible and long-term 

benefits from partnering with us. The programme is integral to 

our Bumitama Biodiversity and Community Project (see page 

21), as it provides incentives for communities to support and 

engage in the protection, restoration and co-management of 

our conservation areas.

Our CSR programme currently focuses on a range of 

community support services, including:

- 

Medical care

- 

Daycare centres and kindergartens, primary and secondary 

schools, and junior colleges

- 

The Bumitama Academy for specialised training

- 

Religious activities

- 

Sports and competitions

- 

Women’s group activities

Bumitama also supports a range of livelihood and food 

security programmes for local communities, such as small-

scale poultry farming and the cultivation of rice and maize.

 

 

%

 Schools and childcare 

75.0

 Social and cultural activities 

16.4

 Infrastructure 

3.9

 Health (including company clinics) 

1.4

 Synergic community relations  

1.9 

 

(Projects undertaken in collaboration  

 

with local authorities, law enforcement etc) 

 Local business development 

0.9

 Others 

0.5

CSR EXPENDITURE 2018  

(Total IDR 21.49 Billion)


32

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

PEOPLE

To provide communities with clear alternatives to forest 

encroachment, we have invested significantly in the 

development of non-timber forest businesses. These include 

successful trials of edible bird nest cultivation, cultivation 

of honey from stingless bees, support for ecotourism 

infrastructure and training, and the exploration of local forest 

resources for which there is an apparent market demand.

Such businesses are also a potential solution for issues that 

arise when we decide to protect HCS areas. In PT Karya 

Makmur Langgeng, one of our newer developments in West 

Kalimantan, conservation set-aside resulted in a reduction 

of total area for smallholders, despite plasma allocation 

remaining at 20%. To offset this, we work with smallholders 

to identify alternative income streams based on the 

development of forest products, such as baskets, mats, food 

products and fragrance from bamboo, honey, rattan and 

other local forest species.

Besides NTFP, identifying further income streams is a critical 

part of our strategy to protect our conservation areas while 

providing sustainable livelihood alternatives to communities 

that are affected by the need to avoid deforestation.

POTENTIAL NON-TIMBER FOREST PRODUCTS IDENTIFIED BY VILLAGERS IN SEKONYER  

(PT ASMR)

Local/Market Name

English Name

Scientific Name

Uses

Gaharu

Agarwood, Aloewood, 

Eaglewood, Lign-aloes

Aquilaria spp.

Resin

Sarang burung Pudang, 

Pekakak, Jalak Suren, Kucer, 

Cucak Hijau or Kutilang

Edible birds nest

Collocalia spp.

Bird nest as food commodity

Jernang

Jernang rattan, dragon's 

blood

Daemonorops draco

Highly valuable resin is extracted for red 

dye material. Emerging market in China as 

a cure-all medicine

Pasak bumi

Tongkat Ali root

Eurycoma longifolia

Tree roots and barks. Mostly marketed as 

male libido enhancement

Seluang Belong/ Saluang Balum

Saluang Balum

Lavanga sarmentosa

Tengkawang

Borneo tallow nut, lllipe 

nut, red seraya

Shorea sp.

Tree fruits where the oil/fat can be 

extracted

Nipah

Nypa palm

Nypa fruticans

Leaves, leave bone, stems, tree trunks are 

processed into palm sugar.

Sagu/Rumbia

Sago

Metroxylon sagu

Rotan

Rattan

Calamus sp.

Tree trunks and leaves are usually made 

into handicrafts

Pandan Duri/Pandan Pudak

Pandan

Pandanus tectorius

Kelakai/Pakis Lemidi

Lemidi

Stenochlaena palustris

Leaves and stems are made into local dish

Nyatu

Gutta-percha

Pallaquium sp.

Resin for dentistry needs

-

Glowing mushroom

Mycena illuminans

Tourist attraction

Manggis hutan/Buah Kirasa

-

Garcinia bancana

Fruits, leaves, barks, twigs

Jelutung/Pantung

Jelutong

Dyrea polyphylla

Gum, resin for organic chewing gum








33

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

FOCUS ON CHILDREN

Operating in areas of Indonesia where the availability and 

quality of education is limited, children’s education has 

become a major focus of our CSR programme. We now 

operate 37 schools and 125 childcare centres, with nearly 

5,000 students in schools and over 2,400 children in childcare 

centres enrolled.

Six of our schools have been recognised under the Adiwiyata 

Green School system for teaching and promoting green 

and sustainable education, in a programme introduced 

by Indonesia in 2006 in support of the United Nation’s 

Framework for Education for Sustainable Development. This 

goal of the Adiwiyata programme is to manifest a cultured 

environmental awareness at the school, one that the children 

will take into their life as they mature. In 2018, we had two 

of our schools recognised at district level and another three 

at provincial level. One additional school was recognised at 

national level in early 2019. In the next few years we plan to 

have 12 of the Bumitama schools recognised at the district 

and provincial level, and three of the external schools that we 

partner with will be recognised at district level.

We want to strengthen this environmental focus throughout 

our schools. We have met with the representatives of 

the Directorate General for Elementary and High School 

Education of the Ministry of Education, and this has led to 

several recommendations for improving our performance 

in the Adiwiyata School ranking. It has also led to new 

training programmes, in which our schools have focused on 

developing innovative educational curricula and identifying 

local potential.

Students from our school in Pundu ranked well in the 2017 

National Science Olympics (KUARK), scoring one second-

place prize and one third-place prize at level 1. In the 

following year of the National Science Olympics, two of our 

Kendawangan School students qualified for the final.

In 2017, we started a project looking at assessing and 

improving children rights and protection through the 

Children’s Rights and Business Principles CRBP programme 

focused on children living in oil palm plantations. This 

programme is created under the auspices of Indonesia’s 

Ministry of Women’s Empowerment and Children’s Protection, 

the RSPO, and a global organisation that promotes the rights 

of children. The programme was conducted in two of our 

concessions, one in Central and one in West Kalimantan. The 

differences in their characteristics should well represent the 

whole spectrum of conditions and cases existing across our 

operations. Assessment of the conditions of children growing 

up in our areas was conducted in April – May 2018 and the 

results were delivered in September 2018.


34

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

PEOPLE

Good practices identified:

Nutrition and Health Services:

- 

Health services organised by professional medical 

personnel; coverage of health care costs and 

provision of ambulance cars fleet.

Maternity and Breastfeeding Rights:

- 

Regular mapping of pregnant women to facilitate 

implementation of appropriate health services.

Access to Education:

- 

Organising educational services by professional 

teachers in facilities that support optimal learning 

activities.

Some challenges identified:

- 

External (outside of plantation) healthcare facilities 

are far away and hard to reach.

- 

Adoption of exclusive breastfeeding by mothers is 

still low.

- 

Supervision of nutrition in food should be provided.

- 

Distance of school facilities and truancy issues.

- 

Issues in administration of children (birth certificate, 

etc.) due to distance of government offices from the 

site.

As a follow-up on the CRBP program, Bumitama has 

introduced breastfeeding facilities into PT KMB and PT 

GKS. We are also expanding the programme to provide 

support and advice for mothers on breastfeeding, and are 

training midwifes and nurses to provide special training as 

a breastfeeding counsellor. We are planning to roll these 

programmes out across all of our RSPO certified units 

by 2020 and groupwide by 2023 and to start education 

programmes for the communities together with various 

health organisation.

FOOD SOURCE PROGRAMME 

To provide fresh and healthy food for our workers, we have 

developed food source areas in our operations in West and 

Central Kalimantan. The areas in West Kalimantan cover 

around 20 hectares and have been operating as a part of 

the Bumitama Biodiversity and Community Project (BBCP). 

Besides growing organic produce, the areas function as 

demonstration pilots and training facilities for our staff and 

surrounding communities. They receive interactive training 

on how to develop small-scale agriculture, and learn about 

integrated natural farming methods as a form of alternative 

livelihood. 

A similar area that employs the principles of “show and 

replicate” has been set up in Central Kalimantan. The 

centre is available for our communities and workers alike. 

It combines a variety of specialised landscape components: 

part forest for NTFP, part farmland, and part vegetable/fruit 

plantation. We also encourage the local people and our staff 

to plant directly in front of their own homes. We provide 

them with seeds and training, not only to grow both fruits 

and vegetables, but also to grow protein sources like fish 

and poultry.






35

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

RIGHTS OF WORKERS

A productive, healthy and satisfied local workforce is integral 

to the success of our operations, and we provide fair and 

competitive conditions for all Bumitama employees. 

We respect workers’ rights as set out in the International 

Labour Organization (ILO) core conventions and are 

committed to the principles of the Universal Declaration 

of Human Rights. Our Sustainability Policy explicitly covers 

our own employees, as well as contract, temporary and 

migrant workers. The Policy also requires our suppliers and 

subcontractors to uphold the same standards.

WAGES AND TRANSPARENCY

All Bumitama workers are paid above the local minimum 

wage and all have detailed contracts. Piece-rate work 

completed by harvesters, for example, is clearly identified 

on payslips.

In addition to wages, our permanent workers receive 

benefits including free accommodation, clean water, rice, 

electricity, healthcare, free education and holiday bonuses. 

These are contractual benefits and form part of their terms 

of employment.

Reducing the proportion of workers on temporary contracts 

has been one of our long-term workforce strategies. We 

believe permanent contracts make for a more stable and 

productive workforce and ensure that all employees receive 

appropriate benefits and training. Since 2014, we have been 

making great progress towards this objective. Today, only 

5% of our employees are on temporary contracts, compared 

to 45% five years ago. 

MINIMUM WAGE 

(RATIO EXCEEDING MANDATORY WAGE IN BRACKETS) 

 Bumitama minimum wage

 Provincial government minimum wage

Central Kalimantan 

(1.09)

West Kalimantan 

(1.25)

Riau 

(1.06)

While we will continue utilising temporary contracts for 

some seasonal tasks, workers on these contracts will receive 

some health insurance benefits (BPJS – government covered 

insurance), such as the Work Accident Insurance and Fatality 

Insurance, and access to our health facilities. Workers will 

also receive annual leave and maternity leave in accordance 

with the valid Indonesian regulations. 

The minimum wage rate is based on the Governor’s decree as 

a result of a tripartite (Government – Workers Association – 

Business Association) discussion and agreement. Contracts 

are provided in Indonesian and workers must sign these 

before commencing employment to indicate they fully 

understand their rights.

WORKERS BY CONTRACT TYPE

 Workers (Permanent)

 Workers (Temporary) 

30,959

1,651

16,811

13,784

16,861

18,061

7,984

28,696

3,090

2018

2017

2016

2015

2014

9,254



2,628,416

2,421,305

2,562,000

2,046,900

2,617,500

2,464,154


36

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

PEOPLE

HEALTH AND SAFETY

The safety of our employees is our primary concern, and 

improvements in workplace safety have been at the forefront 

of our worker engagement activities over the past two years. 

We are developing new standard operating procedures across 

all plantations and mills, and have started the implementation 

of OHSAS 18001 across our operations.

ACTIONS PLANNED FOR 2017-19

Programmes

2017

2018

2019

Programme

Update

Programme

Standards and 

Procedures

Review, evaluate 

and update standard 

operating procedures 

(SOPs)

Integrated ISO 14001: 

2015 and OHSAS 18001 

implementation in all 

Management Units

ISO 14001 successfully 

certified one mill, while 

two are in progress

SOP review and update, 

check on compliance 

with new regulations 

and standards

System

- 

Internal and external 

audit of OHSAS 

18001

- 

Implement 5R in 

mills and traction

- 

Internal and external 

audit of OHSAS 

18001

- 

Implement 5R in 

plantation

- 

Implementation of 

5R successful in 

some of our mills

- 

Continue to fully 

implement 5R in mills 

and plantations

Training Health &amp; 

Safety (H&amp;S)

- 

Health &amp; Safety 

expert in-house 

training for Health 

&amp; Safety Committee 

secretary as required 

by regulation

- 

Annual Fire 

management training 

in cooperation with 

Manggala Agni 

(Forestry Dept) for 

all of our 13 areas, 

conducted on a 

rotational basis

- 

Evaluation of HSE 

permit for operator 

(Boiler, Electricity, 

Heavy Vehicle and 

Transportation) and 

Health &amp; Safety 

expert

- 

Training/certification 

for operator (Surat 

Ijin Operator) if 

needed

- 

HSE refreshment 

training for quality 

control (QC)

- 

Evaluation of HSE 

permit for operator 

(Boiler, Electricity, 

Heavy Vehicle and 

Transportation, 

Medical Practitioner, 

Certified First Aider 

and Health &amp; Safety 

expert

- 

Training/ certification 

for operators (Surat 

Ijin Operator)

- 

HSE Training for HSE 

Officers

– Evaluation of HSE 

permit for operator 

(Boiler, Electricity, 

Heavy Vehicle and 

Transportation, 

Medical Practitioner, 

Certified First Aider 

and Health &amp; Safety 

expert

- 

Training/certification 

for operators (Surat 

Ijin Operator)

- 

HSE Training for HSE 

Officer

- 

Annual Fire 

management training

Review and 

Monitoring 

implementation

Evaluation and audit 

by QC Department 

to ensure the 

implementation is on 

track

Conduct HSE joint 

internal audit (CCM, QC, 

H&amp;S Officer Area) to 

improve HSE Maturity 

level

Workplace health 

&amp; safety audit has 

been done by QC 

(plantation an mill), 

while Sustainability 

department will conduct 

H&amp;S audit integrated 

with RSPO &amp; ISPO 

certification, regularly 

inspected by a H&amp;S 

Officer

Workplace health 

&amp; safety audit has 

been done by QC 

(plantation an mill), 

while Sustainability 

department will conduct 

H&amp;S audit integrated 

with RSPO &amp; ISPO 

certification, regularly 

inspected by a H&amp;S 

Officer

Infrastructure of 

Health &amp; Safety

Review and evaluation 

of existing equipment to 

ensure the equipment 

fulfil the regulation &amp; 

procedure standards

Integrated procedures 

ISO 14001:2015 

and OHSAS 18001 

implementation in all 

Unit Management

Availability and 

readiness of emergency 

tools at each unit

Availability and 

readiness of safety 

tools at each unit safety 

(such as poisonous gas 

measurement unit) 

In 2018, Bumitama conducted new types of trainings with the 

aim of reducing accident rates across our operations. Each of our 

ten areas had one person trained to become an “Occupational 

Health and Safety expert”. In addition, 17 Bumitama employees 

became designated first-aiders, trained to provide emergency 

assistance to people injured at work in plantations and mills. 

Meanwhile 17 nurses and midwives in our healthcare facilities 

became “Corporate Hygiene and Occupational Health Officers”, 

following training that complies with the standard for doctors 

and medical practitioners in Indonesia.




37

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

We are also working with suppliers and subcontractors to 

raise health and safety standards throughout our sector. We 

provide safety briefings and incorporate required health and 

safety standards into all contracts. 

Despite these efforts, we saw increasing accident rates in 

2017–2018. This increase is attributed to more accurate 

and vigorous reporting, but we recognise that we still have 

significant work to do in this area.

With great sadness and concern we recorded five work-

related fatalities in 2017-2018: three of which resulted 

from traffic accidents, one from a mill incident and one 

from a fall. 

2

1

1

FATALITIES

 Traffic accident

 Mill machinery accident

 Insect bite

 Fall

 Others

1

2

1

1

2

2018

2017

2016

2015

2014

ACCIDENTS

 Severity rate (average number of days lost per 1,000,000 working hours)

 Lost time incident rate (recordable injuries*1,000,000/working hours)

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

21.6

7.1

8.9

15.0

9.7

21.3

25.2

45.0

45.6

17.4

We are now analysing the data we have collected on these 

types of accidents. Focusing first on the most common 

circumstances, we will develop a dynamic and transformative 

strategy to tackle the current high accident rate. Beyond 

regular training, we are creating a dedicated task force to 

reduce the number of workplace accidents and completely 

eradicate fatalities. One of the many safety measures 

identified and implemented was to ensure the availability of 

sleeves for harvesting knives and building a secured shelter 

near to estates to house all harvesting tools, as it is unsafe 

to carry the tools to and from home. Safety measures will be 

incorporated as KPIs for our estate managers and designated 

environmental health and safety (EHS) officers will bear 

responsibility for safety performance in each estate.


38

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

PEOPLE

FREEDOM OF ASSOCIATION

We respect the right of all our employees to join and 

form associations of their choice and to engage in 

collective bargaining. Workers' unions are present in all 

of our operations and union representatives meet with 

management on a quarterly basis. Unions are internal in 

most cases, but some workers have opted for external 

representation. Bumitama does not interfere in the 

workings or structure of either.

BONDED LABOUR AND MIGRANT WORKERS

We have not identified bonded or forced labour as a risk 

to our operations, as we do not employ foreign or migrant 

workers. We do not withhold personal documents or any 

other form of collateral that enables the free movement of 

workers. 

CHILD LABOUR

We enforce a strict ban on hiring employees below the 

age of 18, whether in permanent or temporary positions. 

However, we recognise the risk that local employees may 

bring children to the field to help during high crop seasons. 

We expressly prohibit this practice and continue raising 

awareness about the associated risks.

We provide our employees' children with good quality day-

care and schooling during working hours, and we monitor 

attendance and investigate if children are absent. While 

we focus on primary schooling, we also offer initiatives 

including vocational schools for older children.

In 2017 we started work on a programme aimed at assessing 

and improving the rights of children and women on two of 

our pilot sites. These pilots are used to create a benchmark 

to compare practices across our other plantations and 

with other players in the industry. This programme has 

been created under the auspices of Indonesia's Ministry 

of Women's Empowerment and Children’s Protection, 

RSPO, and a global organisation that promotes the rights 

of children.

NON-DISCRIMINATION

We have a zero-tolerance policy towards gender 

discrimination and sexual harassment. Bumitama operates 

an anonymous sexual harassment reporting mechanism 

and investigates every report received. 

The palm oil industry is traditionally male-dominated. 

However, we wish to provide more opportunities for 

women in our company, and we are exploring ways to 

achieve a more gender-balanced workforce. In 2017 and 

2018, just under 30% of our workers were women, a slight 

decrease from previous years, but still very high level 

compared to the vast majority of peers in our industry, and 

we were pleased to maintain such a high level. 

EMPLOYEE DEVELOPMENT AND RETENTION

As the palm oil sector experiences growth across the 

region, it is critical for our business that Bumitama is 

seen as an attractive and preferred employer. In 2018, 

Bumitama experienced unusually high employee turnover 

rate, particularly among harvesters. From an internal 

GENDER DISTRIBUTION

 2014

 2015

 2016

 2017

 2018

Female workers

31.8%

30.0%

27.3%

27.2%

27.4%

Female staff

13.0%

11.4%

12.1%

10.5%

10.5%

Female management

6.3%

4.8%

4.8%

5.3%

5.0%


39

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

EMPLOYEE TURNOVER  

(PERMANENT EMPLOYEES AND WORKERS)

34.1%

25.3%

17.1%

13.3%

2018

2017

2016

2015

2014

23.0%

review, we found that this was partially due to a change 

in the use of harvesting tools (age and height of palms), 

from dodos (axe-like tool) to egrek (knife-like tool), but 

also due to very strong competition from other plantation 

companies in the region. To reduce turnover in the future, 

we plan to improve our recruitment process through 

both stricter selection and a focus on enhancing services 

provided to employees, such as housing amenities or more 

easily-accessible educational and healthcare facilities.

Despite the increase in employee turnover, Bumitama 

continues to focus on its employee growth by strengthened 

training and development programmes. 

Our employees are offered three levels of training:

• A basic programme for all employees that aims 

to increase competencies (including performance 

coaching).

• Specific development programmes that aim to fill 

competency gaps in accordance with an individual's 

specialisation.

• Workshops and meetings to keep staff up to speed on 

key developments.

We have continued to socialise our revised Corporate 

Culture Values among our employees throughout the 

current reporting period. Our new employee orientation 

programme is now fully operational, and we continue to 

drive strong employee engagement with team-building 

activities that include both staff and management. 

In 2004, we established training centres that concentrate 

on building employees’ proficiency in agronomy, mill 

operation, as well as administration. This training is in line 

with the company’s identity and with the emerging Best 

Management Practices and Standard Operation Practices. 

The training has been broadened by cultivation of the 

company values, attitudes, and competencies, and is now 

promulgated via our Bumitama Learning Centres. 

Another transformation happened in 2014, when Bumitama 

Academy was formed to enhance our recruitment 

processes, advance competence development, and elevate 

leadership development at all organisational levels. The 

Academy set up a partnership programme with the Institute 

of Agricultural Stiper Yogyakarta (INSTIPER) to strengthen 

managerial and leadership capacity among our future unit 

leaders. We have also continued to run tailored training 

sessions for different employee groups at our specialised 

Learning Centres. We opened our first Learning Centre in 

Pundu in 2007, which has been ISO 9001:2008 certified 

since 2011, and an additional Learning Centre in the 

Kendawangan region in 2013. In the meantime, the ISO 

certification has been upgraded to ISO 9001:2015. To date 

more than 850 employees have benefited from education 

received at these venues. 

To build up a continuous scheme of training modules the 

Bumitama Academy was remodelled in 2018 into the 

Bumitama Corporate University. The Corporate University 

identifies talent and potential of employees for specific 

roles in the company, then provides tailor-made advanced 

learning programmes for developing the knowledge and 

skills necessary to become experts in their particular areas 

of specialisation. 

The Corporate University also furnishes mandatory 

certification programmes for specific positions in health 

&amp; safety, heavy machinery operation, and various specific 

aspects related to the operation of the mill.

The latest element of the Corporate University is our 

e-learning platform. The platform offers a flexible learning 

structure and access to supplementary training material, 

which increases both the reach and efficiency of our 

training programmes. To date, more than 1,100 employees 

have used this platform to access online courses (with over 

30 currently available modules), online assessments, and 

online questionnaires. Our human resources department is 

constantly adding new modules and evaluating the results 

of the programme against regular training programmes 

in our learning centres. We also use the e-learning 

programmes provided by RSPO in coaching our staff on the 

latest sustainability practices.


40

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

PEOPLE

SMALLHOLDERS AND OUTGROWERS

Smallholders continue to play an increasingly prominent 

role in the global palm oil industry. More than half of all FFB 

processed at Bumitama mills is sourced from smallholders, 

with plasma scheme members and independent farmers 

contributing around 22% and 29% respectively. 

While the growth in small-scale farming brings many 

economic and social benefits to rural communities, 

smallholder farmers can find it difficult to adopt sustainable 

best practices. This is why we continue to engage and 

support smallholders in our supply chain to ensure that all 

FFB originates from legal and responsible sources. 

Mapping smallholder activities is central to this process, and 

we regularly monitor sensitive areas in the vicinity of our 

mills to ensure we are alerted to potential risks in our FFB 

supply chain. For example, by superimposing Geographic 

Information Systems (GIS) data of new plantings over the 

map of no-go areas, we can avoid sourcing FFB from illegally 

planted areas, HCV areas or peatland plantings.

PLASMA SCHEMES

As of year end 2018, we have allocated and developed 

28.3% of our total planted area – 52,734 hectares – for 

smallholder schemes in Kalimantan and Riau. The provision 

of such schemes – commonly known as 'plasma' schemes – 

is mandated by the Indonesian Government, which stipulates 

that at least 20% of a concession's planted area is reserved 

for this purpose.

To set up a plasma scheme, we enter into cooperation 

agreements with plasma members through their chosen 

representative, and we help to develop the land and manage 

the plantations. The development costs of the plasma 

plantations are funded by bank loans. Plasma members 

enjoy a share in the profits of the plasma plantations – after 

the deduction of interest and loan instalments, plantation 

costs and a management fee. 

In the financial year 2018, Bumitama distributed  

IDR 346 billion (around USD 24 million) in dividends to 

its plasma smallholders. Our current arrangement under 

the Plasma Programme lasts for 25 years, or until the 

end of the current planting cycle, depending on which 

occurs first. We intend to renew the arrangement in the 

next replanting phase. As at 2018, Bumitama has over  

28,000 associated plasma scheme smallholders. 




Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

41

Since we provide direct agricultural assistance to plasma 

smallholders, and have agreed to exclusive access to their 

FFB, we are able to guide their implementation of our 

policies. We are also able to support them in securing RSPO 

certification and its associated benefits. Our current target 

to achieve RSPO certification for all plasma schemes is 

2024. We completed certification of the first groups in early 

2019 in PT MCM and PT ASM (1,899 HA), and expect more 

plasma certificates to be issued before the end of the year.

Action plan for smallholders

As well as increasing certification, our smallholder 

schemes continue to play an important role in driving 

social development and economic growth. We have been 

working to accelerate this progress by introducing plasma 

cooperatives to an alternative livelihood programme known 

as the Plasma Advantage Programme, which has been 

running successfully at the village/community level since the 

end of 2016 (see section on local economic empowerment). 

INDEPENDENT SMALLHOLDERS AND OUTGROWERS

Most of the FFB we source from independent smallholders 

and outgrowers is purchased through third-party traders. 

This makes traceability complex, as the origin of the FFB 

changes daily, and we have been concerned in some cases 

about the legality of FFB when we suspect plantings may 

have encroached upon conservation areas or areas without 

appropriate environmental permits. 

Therefore, our priority has been to map independent 

smallholders, starting with those directly supplying our 

certified mills. After expanding the process to all of our 

mills, by year-end 2018 we had achieved traceability of 

70.4% of the fruit supplied by independent (external) 

smallholders. This means that 91.4% of the total FFB 

processed by our mills is traceable, when combined with 

the 100% traceable FFB produced internally and by our 

plasma smallholders. 

This result comes as a setback, considering our target to 

achieve full traceability of all FFB processed by 2017. Data 

analysis shows that all but one of the mills that process 

external fruit reached traceability above 90%. This single  

mill, which runs almost exclusively on external fruit, has 

experienced changes in supplier base that resulted in 

a drop in the amount of traceable FFB. We are analysing 

the feedback obtained during the socialisation events that 

supported the programme, and are preparing appropriate 

steps to achieve above 95% traceability of all external 

sources of FFB by the end of 2019.




42

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

PEOPLE

Programme recipients

Programme activities 

Target

External suppliers to three RSPO certified 

mills with 3rd party supply

 = 19.4% of total 3rd party FFB

Socialisation on the Bumitama Sustainability Policy &amp; legal 

requirements.

Successfully certified one Smallholder group - Tenera

Will be extending the programme to other smallholders via 

Tenera and others in 2019

Done

External suppliers to five mills preparing 

for RSPO certification 

= 62.8% of total 3rd party FFB

Conducting socialisation on the Bumitama Sustainability Policy 

&amp; legal requirements with the remaining suppliers

Certification programme for two groups of more than 200 

smallholders in Central Kalimantan

Certification programme for around 150 smallholders in West 

Kalimantan

YE of 

2020

External suppliers to the remaining mills 

= 17.8%, including the 5,000 smallholders 

under the BBCP - ISLA project

Grouping smallholders together, facilitation of land 

certification legal permit

Further specific programmes with the formed smallholder 

groups focused on their productivity, legality and certification.

2019 

onwards

In 2018, we expanded our activities around the independent 

smallholders and outgrower programme. We conducted 

socialisation and training on the best practices of oil palm 

plantations to our external suppliers. This includes the 

appropriate methods of fertiliser application, weed handling 

and harvesting. This approach aims to improve the quality 

and minimise harvesting of immature FFB, which should 

increase the income of the smallholders from the FFB 

sold. From this, the second step is to assist independent 

smallholders in RSPO certification. 

To further develop our 'supply shed' approach to traceability 

we have initiated a pilot project to trace FFB supply all 

the way from mill to smallholder at our certified Pundu 

Nabatindo Mill (PNBM) in Central Kalimantan. We have 

also worked with local smallholders to both encourage and 

equip them to embrace sustainable land use, legality, best 

management practices and RSPO certification. 

In 2016, we met with an independent smallholder group 

called The Tenera Farmers Group. The Tenera members 

responded positively to the RSPO certification proposal 

and became RSPO members in March 2018.

Tenera, which has an internal supply base of 970 hectares 

and an external supply base of 1,170 hectares, supplies 

between 50,000 and 60,000 metric tonnes of FFB to 

PNBM and other mills in the area annually.

This smallholders’ group agreed to assist interested and 

committed smallholders and smallholder groups with 

legality, best management practices and certification. The 

programme will be split into three phases:

(1) Phase 1 will cover the farmers in Tenera who have 

already secured or are close to securing legal permit for 

their land (230.5 hectares).

(2) Phase 2 will cover farmers (Tenera and others) who 

are engaged in the process of applying/securing legal 

permit for their land (around 300-450 hectares).

(3) Phase 3 will cover farmers (Tenera and others) whose 

land is still in the mapping stage of legal permit 

application (around 350 to 450 hectares).

In October 2018, the first group of Tenera farmers were 

awarded RSPO smallholder certificates, covering an 

area of 223 hectares of oil palm owned by a collective of 

35 independent farmers. We are pleased to report that 

this achievement continues creating ripple effects and 

driving even stronger interest in certification among other 

community members.

In addition to Tenera, we have been working with two 

groups with a combined 200 independent smallholders 

in Central Kalimantan and around 150 farmers in West 

Kalimantan, which represents an area of nearly 2,000 

ha. We are optimistic that the two groups in Central 

Kalimantan can pass an RSPO certification audit in 2019, 

while we will aim to see smallholders in West Kalimantan 

certified in 2020.

INDEPENDENT SMALLHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 


Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

ETHICS AND 

MARKETPLACE

ANTI-CORRUPTION &amp; ETHICAL POLICIES

Integrity is the foundation on which we build our success. 

Only by upholding the highest ethical standards, and 

ensuring that our dealings at all levels are free from bribery 

and corruption, can we expect to secure the respect of our 

stakeholders and support from our communities.

The Bumitama Code of Conduct is designed to guide us in 

our dealings with business partners and regulatory bodies. 

The Code of Conduct covers all Bumitama employees, as 

well as the Board of Directors and other individuals working 

on behalf of the company. In overview, it deals with:

• Legality and the imperative to ensure legal compliance 

in all dealings with stakeholders, including regulatory 

bodies, business partners and colleagues.

• A complete ban on corrupt and unethical practices, such 

as bribery, cronyism and nepotism.

• A ban on political contributions and activity on behalf of 

the company (but allowing for personal political activity 

outside of the workplace).

• Transparency and record keeping.

• Detailed guidance on the giving and receiving of gifts.

• Guidance on behaviour toward stakeholders, including 

sexual harassment and complaint mechanisms. 

43

The Code of Conduct is socialised with employees and 

contractors on an ongoing basis. All employees and 

contractors are required to sign a confirmation that they 

will adhere to the Code. Bumitama calls for all stakeholders 

to use existing whistleblowing and grievance procedures 

to report any instances where bribery and corruption in 

relation to our operations has occurred. These incidents 

will be investigated and dealt with using the highest degree 

of seriousness.

The Code of Conduct, as well as the new Anti-corruption 

and Anti-bribery policies published in 2018, are available 

in Bahasa Indonesia and English language on our website.

UPDATED LAND ACQUISITION POLICY

In 2018 Bumitama’s Board of Directors updated the 

company’s Land Acquisition Policy, based on the feedback 

we received from third parties. The feedback indicated the 

need for a greater degree of corporate governance that 

would surpass the requirements of relevant authorities.

The pre-qualification check, prior to submission to the 

Investment Board is conducted by a specialised committee 

and covers:

- 

Relationship (family, employees)

- 

Quality of supply

- 

Service standard

- 

Risk matrix including recommendations from a lawyer on 

the Board’s policy and procedures






44

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

ETHICS AND 

MARKETPLACE

GRIEVANCE MECHANISM

Establishing a systematic and legitimate means by which 

our stakeholders can raise grievances and complaints is 

critical for the success of our sustainability efforts. In 

2015, we introduced an enhanced grievance procedure to 

ensure a structured group-wide approach to complaints 

handling. The system is available to all employees, 

at estate and Head Office level, offering anonymous 

and convenient ways of reporting grievances. Special 

attention is paid to all forms of sexual harassment or any 

other inappropriate and abusive behaviour. We observe 

and protect the reproductive rights of all, and especially 

of women.

BUMITAMA GRIEVANCE FLOW CHART

No

Quick Response Services (QRS)

Complaint Resolution for Employee

021-27838200 (ext.1234)

0812-8986-9402

Qrs_hc@bumitama.com

Yes

Receipt &amp; Acknowledgement1

Clarify to Complainant

Initial Review

Categorise

Preliminary Fact Finding

• Compile Evidence / Proof

• Validation

Complaint and Evidence from

employees &amp; stakeholders*

*(Local Community, Kepala Desa,

Team Desa, NGOs, Cooperative,

Whistle Blowers, Contractors,

Suppliers, Customers)

Records keeping

Priority Setting

Remedial Action Plan

Investigation (if necessary)

Review &amp; Update

of Action Plan

Communications

Socialisation &amp; Stage

Implementation

Monitoring &amp; Progress Update

Guiding Principles of Complaint 

Resolution through Stakeholder 

Engagement

•  Objective

•  Fair &amp; Equitable

•  Integrity

•  Balanced Interest

•  Constructive engagement

 

(win-win approach)

•  No intimidation or instigation

 

of violence by all parties

 

involved

• Compliance to Law &amp;

 

Regulations

•  Documented Evidences

•  Fact Finding Summary

•  Cause &amp; Effect analysis

Interviews

Resolution / Settlement

To Proceed?

• Importance to Company

• Importance to affected

 

Stakeholders

• Clarity of problems

• Controllability

• Low hanging fruits

•  Time-bound action plan

•  By stages (1,2,3)

Complaint Flow Chart

Complaint Resolution through 

Stakeholder Engagement

Fact Finding

Stakeholder Engagement

Meeting with Stakeholders*

1 Special Team (Cross-functional)

•  Corporate Affairs

•  Corporate Sustainability

•  Operation: GM/Assistant GM

Ad Hoc Investigation Team

•  Corporate Sustainability

 

o Sustainability System

 

 

Development &amp; Mitigation

 

o Sustainability Officer

•  CSR (for social conflicts)

• Operations: Assistant GM/Manager

•  Direct engagement and

 

consultation with stakeholders

Case 

Closed

Case 

Closed




Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

45

Grievances and complaints are either raised internally 

through our grievance procedures at site-level, or via the 

RSPO complaints process. No new complaints relating 

to our own operations or those of our subsidiaries were 

registered in 2017 or 2018, though two complaints are 

pending. 

A complaint raised in 2015 relating to our subsidiary PT 

Bumitama Gunajaya Abadi is still ongoing with the RSPO 

Complaints Panel. As outlined in our last sustainability 

report, the case involves a community in Central Kalimantan 

where the terms of land surrender for a plasma scheme 

were under dispute. The case was raised with RSPO by 

Sawit Watch, Friends of the Earth International and Walhi 

on behalf of fifteen community members, and involved 

disputes surrounding a plasma scheme and cooperative 

issues. We have engaged with both RSPO and the 

complainants and have undertaken a participatory mapping 

process. The case remains outstanding at the time of 

reporting and we continue to engage with the community 

and the Complaints Panel2.

PT HATIPRIMA AGRO (HPA) /  

PT LANGGENG MAKMUR SEJAHTERA (LMS)

On the second pending complaint, we are continuing to 

engage stakeholders on the allegations from international 

NGOs concerning the legality and process surrounding the 

acquisition of PT LMS in Central Kalimantan. The allegation 

implied that Bumitama had sought to circumvent relevant 

legal permit requirements and RSPO requirements by 

means of a sale through Bumitama-linked intermediaries 

(who cleared the land), and a subsequent reacquisition by 

Bumitama for restoration. A detailed overview of the case 

and our substantive response can be found in our 2016 

Sustainability Report, and we provide ongoing updates on 

2 See detail on the case here https://askrspo.force.com/Complaint/s/case/50090000028Es11AAC/detail 

our website. There have been no substantial developments 

in the on-going RSPO Complaint case, but we continue to 

seek to document and demonstrate that there has been 

no wrongdoing on our part related to this land acquisition. 

Please refer to the RSPO case tracker for further updates.

In addition to the formal RSPO complaints process we also 

monitor issues raised via other channels, including social 

media or NGO reports, using an in-house grievance tracker. 

Our policy is to engage proactively with stakeholders 

raising issues through the public domain. For details about 

our response to these grievances, please turn to the report 

sections on legality (page 43), communities and indigenous 

peoples (page 31), and biodiversity and wildlife protection 

(page 18).

WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY

Our whistle-blowing policy enables any stakeholder –  

be it an employee, customer, supplier, contractor or local 

community member – to raise concerns about improprieties 

in financial reporting, unethical practices or other matters. 

The policy guarantees confidential reporting without fear 

of reprisals. Anonymous disclosures are also accepted and 

anonymity is honoured. The whistle-blowing policy and the 

procedures put in place to implement it have been reviewed 

and approved by our Board’s Audit Committee.

RSPO CASE TRACKER

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

Total Number 

of Cases

4

5

6

6

6

Active

1

1

1

2

2

Closed

3

4

5

4

4


46

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND 

SHAREHOLDINGS 

Bumitama and its subsidiaries recognise the importance of 

attaining high standards of corporate governance, business 

integrity and professionalism in all business activities and 

operations. The Board provides oversight of management 

and leads the development of corporate strategies. The 

Board is also responsible for ensuring that our company’s 

corporate governance practices are aligned with the 

Singapore Code of Corporate Governance.

The Board consists of six members. Three independent 

directors, one non-executive and two executive directors. 

The Board's composition is consistent with the geographical 

distribution of our operations, including three Singaporean, 

two Indonesian and one Malaysian member. It also reflects 

the diverse professional and educational backgrounds 

required to ensure that all aspects of our operations are 

adequately represented. There is currently one female Board 

member. 

The Chairman of the Board, Mr. Lim Gunawan Hariyanto, is 

also our CEO. To ensure adequate oversight, the company 

has appointed an independent lead director, and all Board 

committees are chaired by an independent Board member.

The Board is deeply involved in the company’s sustainability 

policy strategy and disclosures. Sustainability performance, 

emergent issues and progress against targets are reviewed 

at each Board meeting.

In 2018, Board members participated in a range of 

sustainability-related training sessions, including the ACRE 

Seminar–Blue-Green Summit II and Sustainability Summit 

Asia; as well as the SID Board Risk Committee Chairmen's 

Conversation–Business Transformation Risk Management. 

Bumitama received awards from the Asiamoney Corporate 

Governance Poll 2018 for Singapore under the categories 

of Overall Most Outstanding Company in Singapore, 

Most Outstanding Company in Singapore – Small Cap and 

Customer Staples. The Edge Billion Dollar Club has also 

awarded Bumitama its Most Profitable Company (Agriculture 

Sector) award.

For more detail on Bumitama’s corporate governance 

processes, please see our 2018 Corporate Governance 

Report on page 25-41 of our Annual Report 2018.

ETHICS AND 

MARKETPLACE






Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

47


48

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

BASE DATA

Category/Indicator

Measurement unit

FY2018

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

ECONOMIC

Revenue

IDR billion

 8,381 

 8,131 

6,630

5,542

5,757

Profit before tax

IDR billion

 1,705 

 1,894 

1,551

1,002

1,805

EBITDA

IDR billion

 2,395 

 2,427 

1,925

1,531

2,145

Basic earnings

IDR per share

 627 

 682 

572

406

656

LAND AND PLANTATION

Total land area

HA

 234,000 

233,000

225,000

207,000

199,000

Oil palm planted area 

HA

185,165

182,675

175,243

164,177

153,268

Old and Mature

162,815

158,083

147,513

126,283

105,869 

Immature

22,350

24,592

27,730

37,894

47,399

Nucleus planted area 

 

 

HA

132,431

131,421

128,966

119,679

115,463

Old and Mature

113,238

110,699

104,970

89,211

77,177 

Immature

19,193

20,722

23,996

30,468

38,286

Plasma planted area 

 

 

HA

52,734

51,254

46,277

44,498

37,805

Old and Mature

49,577

47,384

42,543

37,072

28,692

Immature

3,157

3,870

3,734

7,426

9,113

Average age

Years

8.9

8.3

7.9

7.3

6.0

Trend &amp; Ratios 

(Plasma Planted)

% by HA

28.5%

28.1%

26.4%

27.1%

24.7%

Production volume

Fresh fruit bunches (FFB) - 

Nucleus

MT

2,276,866

1,784,729

1,513,422

1,578,815

1,401,040

FFB - Plasma

MT

1,061,368

817,495

672,018

711,374

603,729

FFB Total (Nucleus and 

Plasma)

MT

3,338,234

2,602,224

2,185,440

2,290,189

2,004,769

FFB purchased 3rd parties

MT

1,374,879

1,007,978

901,492

960,035

657,350

Crude palm oil (CPO)

MT

1,043,045

818,835

701,304

742,842

618,665

Palm kernel (PK)

MT

208,311

166,224

138,175

141,589

115,431

Productivity 

FFB yield per mature hectare

MT/HA

20.4

16.4

14.6

17.8

18.4

CPO yield per mature hectare

MT/HA

4.5

3.7

3.3

4.1

4.3

Indonesian Industry

MT/HA

3.9

3.6

3.6 

3.8 

3.8

Extraction rate - CPO

%

22.1%

22.7%

22.7%

22.9%

23.2%

Extraction rate - PK

%

4.4%

4.6%

4.5%

4.4%

4.3%


Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

49

Category/Indicator

Measurement unit

FY2018

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

EMPLOYEES

Total number of employees

Persons

32,610

31,786

27,168

27,347

31,846

By contract type

Permanent

 30,959 

 28,696 

18,061

16,861

16,811

 

Temporary

 1,651 

 3,090 

7,984

9,254

13,784

By category (Permanent)

Management

200

188

167

166

160

 

Staff

1078

1,068

956

1,066

1,091

 

Workers

31,332

30,530

26,045

26,115

30,595

By gender

Management

Male

190

178

159

158

150

 

Female

10

10

8

8

10

Staff

Male

965

956

840

944

949

 

Female

113

112

116

122

142

Workers

Male

22,736

22,235

18,928

18,285

20,854

 

Female

8,596

8,295

7,117

7,830

9,741

Total 

Male

23,891

23,369

19,927

19,387

21,953

 

Female

8,719

8,417

7,241

7,960

9,893

Employee turnover 

(Permanent staff &amp; workers)

%

34.1%

13.3%

17.1%

23.0%

25.3%

Employee turnover (incl 

permanent &amp; casual staff &amp; 

workers)

%

39.0%

32.8%

28.1%

35.4%

36.1%

LABOUR CONDITIONS

Minimum starting wage

Group 

IDR per month

 2,600,426 

 2,441,994 

2,202,443

2,055,755

1,812,000

Central Kalimantan

IDR per month

 2,628,416 

 2,407,552 

2,289,868

2,107,260

1,908,528

West Kalimantan

IDR per month

 2,562,000 

 2,480,000 

2,110,000

1,980,000

1,812,000

Riau

IDR per month

 2,617,500 

 2,516,812 

2,325,000

2,125,500

1,755,000

Minimum Wage: National Requirements by Province

Central Kalimantan

IDR per month

2,421,305

2,227,307

2,057,558

1,896,000

1,723,970

West Kalimantan

IDR per month

2,046,900

1,882,900

1,739,400

1,560,000

1,380,000

Riau

IDR per month

2,464,154

2,266,722

2,095,000

1,878,000

1,700,000

Minimum wage ratio: Company vs. National Requirements by Province

Central Kalimantan

Ratio by IDR

1.09

1.08

1.11

1.11

1.11

West Kalimantan

Ratio by IDR

1.25

1.32

1.21

1.27

1.31

Riau

Ratio by IDR

1.06

1.11

1.11

1.13

1.03


50

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

BASE DATA

Category/Indicator

Measurement unit

FY2018

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

HEALTH AND SAFETY

Lost time incident rate (LTA)

Incidents per 

1,000,000 working 

hours

25.2

21.3

9.73

8.93

21.6

Severity rate 

Average number of 

lost time per incident

45.0

45.6

17.4

15.0

7.1

Fatalities

Number of accidents

1

4

2

0

4

COMMUNITY AND CSR

No. of Cooperative Members

Number (estimate)

 28,000 

 26,000 

25,000

25,000

19,000

Total

IDR in billion

21.49

18.80

9.95

10.5

8.70

- Schools and childcare

%

75.0%

69%

61%

20%

14%

- Social &amp; Culture activities

%

16.4%

13%

9%

13%

16%

- Infrastructure

%

4.0%

9%

3%

6%

32%

- Health (including company 

clinics)

%

1.4%

2%

2%

11%

6%

- Synergic community 

relations (Projects undertaken 

in collaboration with local 

authorities, law enforcement 

etc.)

%

1.9%

4%

10%

10%

11%

- Local business development 

%

0.9%

2%

4%

23%

8%

- Others

%

0.5%

1%

11%

17%

13%

No. of Schools

Units

 37 

 36 

36

36

35

No. of Teachers

Persons

 298 

 275 

298

267

256

No. of Students

Persons

 4,984 

 4,746 

4,486

4,375

4,067

Childcare centre

Units

 125 

 119 

126

108

78

No. of Children 

Persons

 2,423 

 2,373 

2,192

2,225

1,483

No. of Central Clinics 

Units

 12 

 10 

7

6

5

No. of Branch Clinics 

Units

 41 

 38 

42

37

41

No. of Ambulance

Units

 13 

 13 

11

10

14

No. of Doctors

Persons

 4 

 5 

4

5

5

No. of Paramedics

Persons

 100 

 105 

89

90

101

3 Restated


Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

51

Category/Indicator

Measurement unit

FY2018

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

ENVIRONMENT

Emissions

Emissions

CO2-eq/ MT FFB

0.34

0.34

0.37

0.328

0.547

Methane from POME

CO2-eq MT

64,707

 46,168 

60,7914

45,859

69,943

Fertiliser usage 

MT/HA

1.05

1.01

0.89

0.90

1.16

Herbicide usage 

litres/HA

2.52

1.86

1.40

1.98

1.75

Water usage - by mill 

m³/MT FFB

1.28

1.26

1.25

1.30

1.59

Biological oxygen demand - 

New mill

PPM

310 - 2,275

324 - 1,653

400 - 4,593

204 - 1,715

158 – 573

Toxicity

Toxicity units per 

planted hectare

218

188

140

194

175

CERTIFICATION

RSPO certified area

ha

 41,970 

41,594

41,594

41,550

26,622

RSPO

Certificate

4

5

4

3

2

ISPO

Certificate

3

3

1

1

1

NPP Notification

Notification

0

1

3

0

7

eTrace License

License

4

5

4

2

2

Total no. of cases

Cases

6

6

6

5

4

Active

Cases

2

2

1

1

1

Closed for monitoring

Cases

0

1

1

1

3

Closed 

Cases

4

3

4

3

0

Certified Sustainable Palm 

Oil (CSPO) &amp; Certified 

Sustainable Palm Kernel 

(CSPK)

MT

 167,284 

158,106

166,638

152,829

117,815

4 Restated


52

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

GRI STANDARDS INDEX

GRI CONTENT INDEX

Disclosure

Section

Page

GRI 102: General Disclosures

Organisational Profile

102-1 

Name of Organisation

About Bumitama

8

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

About Bumitama

Annual Report

8 

2

102-3

Location of headquarters

Contact

65

102-4

Location of operations

About Bumitama

Operations

Annual Report

9

10

2-3

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Financial Information and ownership structure

8

102-6

Markets served

About Bumitama

Operations

Customers

8

10

11

102-7

Scale of the organisation

About Bumitama

Operations

Annual Report

8

10

2-3, 8

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

About Bumitama

Rights of workers

8

35

102-9

Supply chain

Suppliers and traceability to plantations

Smallholders and outgrowers

10

40

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain

No major changes in the reporting period

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

Approach to sustainability

Biodiversity protection

Fire monitoring and prevention

Note: RSPO requires a precautionary approach

12-13

18

23

102-12

External initiatives

Approach to sustainability

Certification and engagement

Biodiversity protection

Fire monitoring and prevention

12

15

21-22

23

102-13

Membership of associations

Approach to sustainability

12

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Chairman Welcome

2

102-15

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

Targets and objectives

Approach to sustainability

6-7

12,14

The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) is a multi-stakeholder 

standard for sustainability reporting, providing guidance on 

determining report content and indicators. GRI is the first 

and most widely adopted global standard for sustainability 

reporting and has been designed to enhance the global 

comparability and quality of information on environmental 

and social impacts, thereby enabling greater transparency 

and accountability of organisations. Sustainability reporting 

based on the GRI Standards should provide a balanced and 

reasonable representation of an organisation’s positive 

and negative contributions towards the goal of sustainable 

development. We report in accordance with the latest 

version of the GRI Standards, which are the 2016 disclosures 

except for disclosures 303 and 403, which were updated in 

2018.

There are two options for preparing a report in accordance 

with the GRI Standards: Core and Comprehensive. This 

report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI 

Standards: Core option.


Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

53

Disclosure

Section

Page

GRI 102: General Disclosures

Ethics and integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour

Approach to sustainability

Anti-corruption and ethical policies

12

43

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about 

ethics

Grievance mechanism

44

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

Bumitama sustainability team structure

Corporate governance and shareholdings

Annual Report

13

46

25

102-19

Delegating authority

Bumitama sustainability team structure

Corporate governance and shareholdings

13

46

102-20

Executive-level responsibility for economic, 

environmental, and social topics

Corporate governance and shareholdings

46

102-21

Consulting stakeholders on economic, 

environmental, and social topics

Approach to sustainability

12-14

102-22

Composition of the highest governance body 

and its committees

Bumitama sustainability team structure

Corporate governance and shareholdings

Annual Report

13

46

26

102-23

Chair of the highest governance body

Corporate governance and shareholdings

46

102-24

Nominating and selecting the highest 

governance body

Annual Report

28

102-25

Conflicts of interest

Annual Report

40

102-26

Role of highest governance body in setting 

purpose, values, and strategy

Corporate governance and shareholdings

Annual Report

46

25

102-27

Collective knowledge of highest governance 

body

Corporate governance and shareholdings

Annual Report

46

27

102-28

Evaluating the highest governance body’s 

performance

Annual Report

31

102-29

Identifying and managing economic, 

environmental, and social impacts

Approach to sustainability

About the report

12-14

62

102-30

Effectiveness of risk management processes

Annual Report

35

102-31

Review of economic, environmental, and 

social topics

Corporate governance and shareholdings

46

102-32

Highest governance body’s role in 

sustainability reporting

The Board approves all sustainability reports

102-33

Communicating critical concerns

Grievance mechanisms

44

102-34

Nature and total number of critical concerns

Grievance mechanisms

45

102-35

Remuneration policies

Annual Report

32

102-36

Process for determining remuneration

Annual Report

32


54

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

GRI STANDARDS INDEX

Disclosure

Section

Page

GRI 102: General Disclosures

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Approach to sustainability

Certification and engagement

12-15

15

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Freedom of association

Note: No data on percentage of total employees 

covered by collective bargaining agreements.

38

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Suppliers and traceability to plantation

Approach to sustainability

Smallholders and outgrowers

10

12

40

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Approach to sustainability

Fire monitoring and prevention

Community land rights and partnerships

Smallholders and outgrowers

Grievance mechanism

12

23

31

40

45

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Suppliers and traceability to plantations

Fire monitoring and prevention

Smallholders and Outgrowers

Grievance mechanisms

10

23

40

45

Reporting Practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements

Annual Report

57

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

About the report

62

102-47

List of material topics

Materiality matrix

62

102-48

Restatements of information

About the report

62

102-49

Changes in reporting

About the report

62

102-50

Reporting period

About the report

62

102-51

Date of most recent report

The last produced report was the Sustainability 

Report 2016

102-52

Reporting cycle

About the report

62

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report

Contact

65

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards

GRI Index

52

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Index

52

102-56

External assurance

About the report

62


Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

55

Material Topics

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section

Page

ECONOMIC

Economic Performance

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

 About Bumitama

Annual Report

8-11

5

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

 About Bumitama

Annual Report

8-11

5

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

 About Bumitama

Annual Report

8-11

5

GRI 201: 

Economic 

Performance

201-1

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed

About Bumitama

Annual Report

8-11

5

201-2

Financial implications and other risks 

and opportunities due to climate change

Our approach to sustainability

Greenhouse gas accountability

12

26

Market Presence

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Rights of workers

35

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Rights of workers

35

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Rights of workers

35

GRI 202: 

Market Presence

202-1

Ratios of standard entry level wage by 

gender compared to local minimum 

wage

Rights of workers

35

Indirect Economic Impacts

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Approach to sustainability

Community land rights and 

partnerships

Focus on children

Food source programme

Smallholders and outgrowers

12

31

33

34

40

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Approach to sustainability

Community land rights and 

partnerships

Focus on children

Food source programme

Smallholders and outgrowers

12

31

33

34

40

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Approach to sustainability

Community land rights and 

partnerships

Focus on children

Food source programme

Smallholders and outgrowers

12

31

33

34

40

GRI 203: 

Indirect 

Economic 

Impacts

203-1

Infrastructure investments and services 

supported

Suppliers and traceability to plantation

Biodiversity protection

Fire and monitoring prevention

Community land rights and 

partnerships

Focus on children

Food source programme

Smallholders and outgrowers

10

21

24

31

33

34

40

203-2

Significant indirect economic impacts

Community land rights and 

partnerships

Smallholders and outgrowers

31

40


56

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

GRI STANDARDS INDEX

Material Topics

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section

Page

ECONOMIC

Procurement Practices

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Suppliers and traceability to plantation

Smallholders and outgrowers

10

40

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Suppliers and traceability to plantation

Approach to sustainability

Smallholders and outgrowers

10

12

40

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Suppliers and traceability to plantation

Smallholders and outgrowers

10

40

GRI 204: 

Procurement 

Practices

204-1

Proportion of spending on local 

suppliers

Smallholders and outgrowers

40

Anti-corruption

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Approach to sustainability

Anti-corruption and ethical policies

12

43

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Approach to sustainability

Anti-corruption and ethical policies

Grievance mechanism

12

43

44

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Anti-corruption and ethical policies

43

GRI 205: 

Anti-corruption

205-2

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures

Anti-corruption and ethical policies

43

ENVIRONMENTAL

Materials

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Operations

10

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Operations

10

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Operations

10

GRI 301: 

Materials

301-1

Materials used by weight or volume

Operations

10

Water and Effluents (See also GRI306)

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Protecting local water sources

30

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Protecting local water sources

Fire monitoring and prevention

30

24

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Protecting local water sources

30

GRI 303: 

Water and 

Effluents

303-1

Interactions with water as a shared 

resource

Protecting local water sources

30

303-2

Management of water discharge-related 

impacts

Integrated pest management and 

chemicals

Protecting local water sources

28

30


Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

57

Material Topics

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section

Page

ENVIRONMENTAL

Biodiversity

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Biodiversity protection

Fire monitoring and prevention

18

23

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Biodiversity protection

18

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Biodiversity protection

18

GRI 304: 

Biodiversity

304-1

Operational sites owned, leased, 

managed in, or adjacent to, protected 

areas and areas of high biodiversity 

value outside protected areas

Biodiversity protection

Community land rights and 

partnerships

18

31

304-2

Significant impacts of activities, 

products, and services on biodiversity

Biodiversity protection

18

304-3

Habitats protected or restored

Biodiversity protection

18

304-4

IUCN Red List species and national 

conservation list species with habitats in 

areas affected by operations

Biodiversity protection

20

Emissions

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Greenhouse gas accountability

26

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Greenhouse gas accountability

26

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Greenhouse gas accountability

26

GRI 305: 

Emissions

305-4

GHG emissions intensity

Greenhouse gas accountability

27

305-5

Reduction of GHG emissions

Greenhouse gas accountability

26

Effluents and Waste

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Protecting local water sources

30

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Protecting local water sources

Integrated pest management and 

chemicals

30

28

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Protecting local water sources

30

GRI 306: 

Effluents and 

Waste 

306-1

Water discharge by quality and 

destination

Protecting local water sources

30

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

Greenhouse gas accountability

Integrated pest management and 

chemicals

Protecting local water sources

26

28

30

306-3

Significant spills

No significant spills recorded


58

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

GRI STANDARDS INDEX

Material Topics

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section

Page

ENVIRONMENTAL

Environmental Compliance

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Approach to sustainability

Certification and engagement

Environment

Grievance mechanisms

12

15

18

44

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Customers

Approach to sustainability

Certification and engagement

Environment

Grievance mechanisms

11

12

15

18

44

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Approach to sustainability

Certification and engagement

Environment

Grievance mechanisms

12

15

18

44

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations

Grievance mechanisms

44

Supplier Environmental Assessment

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Suppliers and traceability to plantation

Approach to sustainability

Smallholders and outgrowers

10

12

40

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Suppliers and traceability to plantation

Approach to sustainability

Smallholders and outgrowers

10

12

40

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Suppliers and traceability to plantation

Approach to sustainability

Smallholders and outgrowers

10

12

40

GRI 308: 

Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment 

308-1

New suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria

Suppliers and traceability to plantation

Smallholders and outgrowers

10

40

308-2

Negative environmental impacts in the 

supply chain and actions taken

Suppliers and traceability to plantation

Smallholders and outgrowers

10

40

GRI 400 SOCIAL

Employment

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

About Bumitama

Rights of workers

8

35

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Approach to sustainability

Rights of workers

12

35

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Rights of workers

35

GRI 401: 

Employment

401-1

New employee hires and employee 

turnover

Employee development and retention

38

401-2

Benefits provided to full-time 

employees that are not provided to 

temporary or part-time employees

Rights of workers

35

401-3

Parental leave

Wages and transparency

35


Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

59

Material Topics

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section

Page

GRI 400 SOCIAL

Labour/Management Relations 

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Approach to sustainability

Rights of workers

12

35

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Approach to sustainability

Rights of workers

12

35

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Rights of workers

35

Occupational Health and Safety

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Approach to sustainability

Fire monitoring and prevention

Protecting local water sources

Integrated pest management and 

chemicals

Rights of workers

Health and safety

12

23

30

28

35

36

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Approach to sustainability

Fire monitoring and prevention

Integrated pest management and 

chemicals

Protecting local water sources

Rights of workers

Health and safety

12

23

28

30

35

36

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Approach to sustainability

Fire monitoring and prevention

Integrated pest management and 

chemicals

Protecting local water sources

Rights of workers

Health and safety

12

23

28

30

35

36

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety

403-1

Organisational health and safety 

management system

Health and safety

36

403-2

Hazard identification, risk assessment, 

and incident investigation

Integrated pest management and 

chemicals

Health and safety

28

36

403-3

Occupational health services

Integrated pest management and 

chemicals

Health and safety

28

36

403-4

Worker participation, consultation, and 

communication on occupational health 

and safety

Health and safety

36

403-5

Worker training on occupational health 

and safety

Health and safety

36

403-6

Promotion of worker health

Food source programme

34

403-8

Workers covered by an occupational 

health and safety management system

Wages and transparency

Health and safety

35

36

403-9

Work-related injuries

Health and safety

36

403-10

Work-related ill health

Integrated pest management and 

chemicals

28


60

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

GRI STANDARDS INDEX

Material Topics

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section

Page

GRI 400 SOCIAL

Training and Education

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Employee development and retention

38

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Employee development and retention

38

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Employee development and retention

38

GRI 404: 

Training and 

Education

404-2

Programs for upgrading employee skills 

and transition assistance programs

Employee development and retention

38

Non-discrimination

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Non-discrimination

38

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Non-discrimination

38

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Non-discrimination

38

Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Approach to sustainability

Freedom of association

12

38

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Freedom of association

38

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Freedom of association

38

Child Labour

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Approach to sustainability

Child labour

12

38

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Child labour

38

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Child labour

38

GRI 408: 

Child Labour 

408-1

Operations and suppliers at significant 

risk for incidents of child labour

Child labour

38

Forced or Compulsory Labour

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Approach to sustainability

Bonded labour and migrant workers

12

38

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Bonded labour and migrant workers

38

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Bonded labour and migrant workers

38


Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

61

Material Topics

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section

Page

GRI 400 SOCIAL

Rights of Indigenous Peoples

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Approach to sustainability

Community land rights and 

partnerships

12

31

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Community land rights and 

partnerships Grievance mechanism

31

44

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Community land rights and 

partnerships Grievance mechanism

31

44

Human Rights Assessment

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Approach to sustainability

Rights of workers

12

35

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Approach to sustainability

Rights of workers

Grievance mechanism

12

35

44

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Approach to sustainability

Rights of workers

12

35

Local Communities

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Approach to sustainability

Community land rights and 

partnerships

12

31

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Community land rights and 

partnerships Grievance mechanism

31

44

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Community land rights and 

partnerships

31

GRI 413: 

Local 

Communities

413-1

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, and 

development programs

Suppliers and traceability to plantations

Community land rights and 

partnerships

Environment

Smallholders and outgrowers

10

31

18

40

Supplier Social Assessment

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Suppliers and traceability to plantation

Approach to sustainability

Rights of workers

Smallholders and outgrowers

10

12

35

40

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Suppliers and traceability to plantation

Approach to sustainability

Smallholders and outgrowers

10

12

40

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Suppliers and traceability to plantation

Approach to sustainability

Smallholders and outgrowers

10

12

40

GRI 414: 

Supplier Social 

Assessment

414-1

New suppliers that were screened using 

social criteria

Suppliers and traceability to plantation

Smallholders and outgrowers

10

40

414-2

Negative social impacts in the supply 

chain and actions taken

Suppliers and traceability to plantation

Smallholders and outgrowers

10

40


62

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

ABOUT THE REPORT

REPORT CYCLE AND APPROACH  

TO ASSURANCE

We report on a two-year cycle, and this is our third sustainability 

report. In addition to this report, we also include a detailed 

sustainability update included in our annual report every 

year. In addition, we provide ongoing updates on material 

issues on our website, and our stakeholders can also review 

our progress annually via our RSPO annual communications 

of progress published each year in Q3 and accessible from  

www.rspo.org/members/2551/BUMITAMA-AGRI-LTD.

We have not engaged third-party assurance, as we believe that 

our multiple certification audit provides adequate assurance 

on our performance to our stakeholders at this stage. The 

majority of content is documented in our RSPO audit reports, 

which are prepared by PT Mutuagung Lestari and which can be 

downloaded from www.rspo.org/en/principles_and_ criteria_

assessment_progress.

However, we will collate feedback from stakeholders on 

whether third-party assurance is a priority area.

MATERIALITY, STAKEHOLDER INCLUSIVENESS 

AND SUSTAINABILITY CONTEXT

Report content has been determined based on ongoing 

stakeholder dialogue and a review of issues that are critical to 

Bumitama. 

In developing our report content, we have worked with 

Helikonia, a consultancy with extensive experience in palm 

oil disclosure. Together, we have reviewed NGO and investor 

reports, as well as social media coverage. We have also 

engaged with our implementation partner Aidenvironment, a 

sustainability consultancy with close links to civil society, to 

help identify critical issues and expectations of Bumitama. We 

have also benchmarked our report content against disclosure 

platforms such as the Zoological Society of London’s (ZSL) 

Sustainable Palm Oil Transparency Initiative (SPOTT), the Green 

Cats index and the CERES Reporting Guidance for Responsible 

Palm as we see these as a proxy to understand the indicators 

expected by a broad range of stakeholders. Finally, we have 

reviewed disclosures by peers in the industry to ensure that 

our report content meets best practice and is comparable to 

the sector leaders.

Based on this analysis, as well as internal discussions with 

management teams in Bumitama, we have reviewed our 

materiality matrix to reflect the changes in stakeholder 

expectations over the last two years. 

With the exception of smallholders, boundaries were 

considered to be Bumitama’s organisational boundaries.

Throughout the report we seek to provide an appropriate 

context for our performance, particularly in relation to the 

unique social and environmental landscapes in Kalimantan and 

Riau, Indonesia.

BUMITAMA’S MATERIALITY MATRIX 2018

High

Low

Importance to Bumitama's business

High

Low

Importance to stakeholders

 

 

Legal/ 

regulatory compliance

Pesticides &amp; 

chemical usage

Water 

impact

GHG 

Emissions

Orangutans &amp; 

wildlife

Productivity

Labour 

conditions

Health &amp; 

Safety

Revenues

Transparency &amp; 

accountability

Sustainability 

Certification

Smallholder 

inclusiveness/CSR

HCS/deforestation/

peat

Land  

complaints/FPIC

Fire &amp; 

haze

Traceability &amp; supply

chain monitoring

Share value

Anti-

corruption  

&amp; ethics


Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

63

GLOSSARY

Biodiversity

The diversity (number and variety of species) of plant and 

animal life.

Biological Oxygen Demand (BOD)

The amount of oxygen used when organic matter undergoes 

decomposition by micro-organisms. Testing for BOD is done 

to assess the amount of organic matter in water.

CO2 Equivalents

Carbon dioxide equivalents (CO2eq) provide a universal 

standard of measurement against which the impacts of 

releasing (or avoiding the release of) different greenhouse 

gases can be evaluated.

Effluents

Water discharged from one source into a separate body of 

water, such as mill process water.

Extraction rate

The amount of oil extracted from oil palm fruit at a mill. 

Crude palm oil (CPO) is extracted from the flesh; palm kernel 

oil (PKO) from the nut.

Free, Prior and Informed Consent (FPIC)

FPIC is the principle that a community has the right to give 

or withhold its consent to proposed projects that may affect 

the lands they customarily own, occupy or otherwise use.

Fresh fruit bunch (FFB)

Bunch harvested from the oil palm tree. The weight of the 

fruit bunch ranges between 10 kg to 40 kg, depends on the 

size and age.

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)

A multi-stakeholder standard for sustainability reporting, 

providing guidance on determining report content and 

indicators.

High Conservation Values (HCVs)

HCVs are biological, ecological, social or cultural values 

that are considered outstandingly significant or critically 

important, at the national, regional or global level.

High Carbon Stock (HCS) Approach 

The HCS Approach is a methodology to avoid deforestation 

in land development, initially developed in a partnership 

between Greenpeace, TFT and Golden Agri-Resources. 

The approach stratifies the vegetation on an area of land 

into different classes using analyses of satellite images and 

field plot measurements. Each vegetation class is validated 

through calibrating it with carbon stock estimates in the 

above-ground tree biomass.

Independent Director

According to the Listing Manual of SGX, an independent 

director is one who has no relationship with the company, its 

related corporations (i.e. a corporation that is the company’s 

holding company, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary), its 10% 

shareholders or its officers that could interfere, or be 

reasonably perceived to interfere, with the exercise of the 

director's independent business judgement with a view to 

the best interests of the company.

Independent smallholder

Small growers with less than 50 hectares, which are self-

financed, managed, and equipped and are not bound to any 

one mill. They may deal directly with local mill operators of 

their choice or process their own palm oil using personal 

or community manual palm oil presses (more common in 

Africa).

Integrated Pest Management (IPM)

IPM is the careful consideration of all available pest control 

techniques and subsequent integration of appropriate 

measures that discourage the development of pest 

populations and keep pesticides and other interventions to 

levels that are economically justified and reduce or minimise 

risks to human health and the environment. IPM emphasises 

the growth of a healthy crop with the least possible 

disruption to agro-ecosystems and encourages natural pest 

control mechanisms.

International Labour Organization (ILO)

Is a tripartite world body representative of labour, 

management and government, and is an agency of the 

United Nations. It disseminates labour information and sets 

minimum international labour standards called “conventions”, 

offered to member nations for adoption.


64

Bumitama Agri Ltd. Sustainability Report 2018

GLOSSARY

Indonesian Sustainable Palm Oil (ISPO)

The Indonesian Sustainable Palm Oil scheme is a mandatory 

certification scheme regulated by the Indonesian Ministry 

of Agriculture that aim to improve Indonesian palm oil 

competitiveness in the global market align with objective 

set by the President of Indonesia to reduce greenhouse 

gas emissions from Indonesian oil palm plantations and 

operations.

IUCN Red List

Based 

in 

Switzerland, 

the 

International 

Union 

for 

Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources (also known 

as The World Conservation Union) is an organisation 

involved in the preservation of natural resources. IUCN 

publishes the Red Data Book, which lists the endangered 

species of every nation.

Mass Balance

The Mass Balance system allows for mixing of RSPO 

certified and non-certified palm oil at any stage in the 

supply chain provided that overall company quantities are 

controlled. The mass balance model is constructed in such 

a way that volumes of RSPO certified product shipped will 

never exceed volumes received by the end-user.

Non-executive director

A board director who does not currently hold other 

employment with the company. Unlike an independent 

director, a non-executive can have significant financial 

interests or close personal ties to the company.

Non-governmental organisation (NGO)

Is used in this report to refer to grassroots and campaigning 

organisations focused on environmental or social issues.

Palm oil mill effluent (POME)

By-product of processed fresh fruit bunch (FFB).

Peat and Peatland

Peat is an accumulation of partially decayed vegetation 

matter. Peat forms in wetlands or peatlands, variously called 

bogs, moors, muskegs, pocosins, mires, and peat swamp 

forests. Land with soil having more than 65% organic matter 

is considered peatland. 

Plasma schemes

A programme initiated by the Indonesian government to 

encourage the development of smallholders’ plantations 

with the assistance and cooperation of plantation companies 

(the nucleus) which assist and support the surrounding 

community plantations (the plasma).

Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO)

A multi-stakeholder organisation based in Kuala Lumpur, 

Malaysia. The organisation has developed a certification 

scheme for sustainable palm oil.

Segregation

The Segregation supply chain model assures that RSPO-

certified palm oil and its derivatives delivered to the end-

user come only from RSPO certified sources. It permits the 

mixing of RSPO-certified palm oil from a variety of sources.

Stakeholders

Any group or individual who are affected by or can affect a 

company’s operations.

Sustainability

A term expressing a long-term balance between social, 

economic and environmental objectives. Often linked to 

sustainable development, which is defined as “development 

that meets the need of current generations without 

compromising the needs of future generations”.


CONTACT

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders. 

Questions or comments on this report and our 

performance can be sent to:

Bumitama Agri Ltd.

Jl. Melawai Raya No. 10

Kebayoran Baru

Jakarta 12160

Indonesia

Tel : +62 21 278 38200

Fax : +62 21 727 98665

Att.: Lim Sian Choo, 

Head of Corporate Secretarial Services and CSR

lim.sian.choo@bumitama.com




REGISTERED OFFICE

10 Anson Road 

#11-19 International Plaza

Singapore 079903

Tel: (65) 6222 1332 

Fax: (65) 6222 1336

INDONESIA OFFICE

Jl. Melawai Raya No. 10 

Kebayoran Baru

Jakarta 12160 

Indonesia

www.bumitama-agri.com



