
































Sustainability 

Report 

20

20


























REPORT CYCLE

Welcome to Bumitama Agri Ltd.’s fourth biennial Sustainability Report covering the 

calendar years 2019 and 2020. We also include a detailed sustainability update in 

our annual reports and publish ongoing updates on material issues on our website. 

Our stakeholders can review our progress via the annual communication of progress 

accessible on the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) page. 

SCOPE

This report covers all Bumitama operations in Central Kalimantan, West Kalimantan 

and Riau, Indonesia. Data is representative up to 31 December 2020 unless otherwise 

stated, and historical benchmark data is provided as available. Besides impacts within 

our organisational boundaries, the report also covers material aspects for all plasma 

smallholders and some limited information on our suppliers, including independent 

smallholders. 

ASSURANCE

We have not engaged in third-party assurance as we believe that our multiple 

certification audits provide adequate assurance on our performance for our 

stakeholders. However, as in previous reports, we have engaged Eric Wakker, Senior 

Adviser to Earthqualizer and an expert in palm oil sustainability practices, to provide a 

review of the report. Most of our content is also included in our RSPO audit reports. 

MATERIALITY AND ENGAGEMENT

We have sought to provide an appropriate context for our performance throughout this 

report, particularly of the unique social and environmental landscapes in Kalimantan 

and Riau, Indonesia. In determining the most material topics, we collaborated with 

Helikonia, a consultancy with extensive palm oil disclosure experience. Formal 

stakeholder consultation took place with two programme implementation partners 

and independent smallholder groups. Internally, we also engaged our department 

heads and operational teams at a local and site level. We have also benchmarked our 

report content against disclosure platforms such as the Zoological Society of London’s 

(ZSL), Sustainable Palm Oil Transparency Initiative (SPOTT), and CERES Reporting 

Guidance for Responsible Palm.

Based on this analysis and our internal discussions we have reviewed our Materiality 

Matrix to reflect the changes in stakeholder expectations over the last two years.  

This can be found on page 55.

ABOUT THIS REPORT



BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

B


 

 

About this Report

02  

Chairman’s Welcome

04 

Statement from Lead 

Independent Director

05  

Report Review:  

Eric Wakker

07 

Objectives and Targets

10 

2019 – 2020 Highlights

12 

About  Bumitama

12  

Business in Brief

13  Financial Overview and 

Ownership Structure

14  

Operations

14  

Our Customers

15 

Our Approach  

to Sustainability

16  

Supply Chain Traceability 

and Responsible Sourcing

18  

Governance and 

Management

20  

Certification and 

Engagement

20  

Stakeholder Engagement

22  

Environment

22  

Biodiversity Protection 

and Conversation

26  

Stepping Up Our Fire 

Prevention Measures

30  

Greenhouse Gas 

Accountability

32  

Integrated Pest 

Management and 

Chemicals

34  Water Usage and Quality

CONTENTS







36 

People

36  

Responsible Business 

Practices during 

COVID-19

36  

Community Land Rights 

and Partnerships

44  

Our Employees

50  

Smallholders 

Partnerships

54 

Stakeholder Engagement 

Table

56 

Appendices

59 

Base Data

63  

GRI Content Index

74 

Glossary

76  

Contact

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

01




It is with great pride and gratitude that I present our latest 

Sustainability Report, covering the period from 2019 to 2020. 

We are publishing this report amid a once-in-a-century health 

crisis: the COVID-19 pandemic. It is a time when communities, 

families and businesses are having to adapt to new ways of 

living and working. Bumitama is no exception: many of our 

employees have been unable to travel to our sites, and we have 

had to make significant changes to our standard operating 

procedures. Nevertheless, I am pleased to note that the 

pandemic has had a limited impact on our operations and our 

sustainability efforts have continued mostly unimpeded.

Our concerted efforts to gain complete Roundtable on 

Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) certification continues apace. 

We have now achieved certification for eight mills and 56,433 

hectares (ha) – 42.5% of our planted area. I am particularly 

proud of our first two groups of plasma smallholders that are 

now certified, adding another 1,899 ha to our total certified 

area. While the 2018 RSPO P&amp;C has brought about some 

changes and introduced new challenges, we believe that we 

are well positioned and will continue to meet the enhanced 

requirements.

In a year where COVID-19 has claimed upwards of two million 

lives worldwide, we have directed much of our effort to fighting 

the pandemic. In addition to our requirements on strict hygiene, 

Personal Protective Equipment, and social distancing, we have 

introduced anti-gen testing to allow for essential travel and limit 

the spread of the virus within our teams. We are now exploring 

the potential roll-out of a vaccine for our employees and our 

neighbouring rural communities. The pandemic has also 

highlighted the importance of our ongoing efforts to safeguard 

food security. Together with our employees, we are operating 

food gardens and assisting local communities in setting up fish 

farms, alongside similar initiatives.

Despite these immediate concerns, we have not abandoned 

our quest to continue combating deforestation and the ongoing 

challenge of fire and haze, each with potential significant 

impacts on human health and regional ecosystems. Bumitama 

has made steady progress in both areas. We have reorganised 

and strengthened our fire management team; adding an expert 

fire manager, while investing heavily in additional fire prevention 

and alertness infrastructure, including modern technology that 

provides us with near real-time information on the existing fire 

dangers. Partnering with other companies and local authorities 

in the region, we have expanded our outreach to smallholders 

Chairman’s 

Welcome

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

02






and villages through the Fire Free Village programme. This effort 

closely aligns with our conservation programme, supported by 

a new dedicated department responsible for protecting and 

conserving our set-aside areas, led by a conservation manager. 

Both departments report directly to our Chief Operating Officer 

and coordinate their activities with the Sustainability and 

Corporate Social Responsibility department.

Bumitama has always strived to improve the livelihoods of 

those within the landscapes surrounding our operations. We 

continue to increase our capacity to ensure that we have the 

skills and manpower to deliver on our commitments, while 

exploring new partnerships to engage with our communities and 

employees. This has enabled us to improve schools, provide 

better sanitation, and offer new development opportunities, not 

just within our operations but also within the local community. 

Shaped by the commitments of our Sustainability Policy and 

the journey of its implementation, it has become our aspiration 

to make a difference, not just in the present, but for many 

generations to come. I want Bumitama to be a force for good 

and help build strong livelihoods for the people who live in and 

around our operations while protecting the unique forests and 

ecosystems that are so crucial to our planet. 

During this journey, we have realised that while one-off donations 

and projects can yield benefits, robust change requires a long-

term commitment spanning decades. Consequently, the Board 

of Bumitama, together with the local villages and partnering 

organisations, will allocate resources and funding for a period 

of 25-35 years to build a social forestry partnership programme 

designed to bring long-term benefits to the area. This is a 

new and exciting venture for us and demonstrates our care 

and commitment for the betterment of our local communities 

around us and I look forward to sharing more details with you 

as the project unfolds.

I would like to conclude by offering my best wishes and 

heartfelt thanks to our employees, as well as our commercial, 

civil society and community partners. You have all had to work 

under difficult circumstances this past year, but have continued 

undeterred to make solid progress despite the many challenges. 

As we look forward to the coming year and a hopeful easing 

of the pandemic-related conditions, I would like to take this 

opportunity to wish you all a safe and healthy 2021.

Gunawan H. Lim

Executive Chairman and 

Chief Executive Officer

Shaped by the commitments of our Sustainability Policy 

and the journey of its implementation, it has become 

our aspiration to make a difference, not just in the 

present, but for many generations to come.  

I want Bumitama to be a force for good and help build 

strong livelihoods for the people who live in and around 

our operations while protecting the unique forests and 

ecosystems that are so crucial to our planet.

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

03




Statement from Lead Independent Director

It is our pleasure to present Bumitama’s 2019–2020 

Sustainability Report. As a Board, we welcome Bumitama’s 

level of accountability and transparency. It is the cornerstone for 

building strong relationships with our commercial and financial 

partners, as well as regulators and civil society. 

Sustainability has been at the top of the company’s agenda for 

a long time. Over the past few years, it has become increasingly 

apparent that only companies that set – and meet – high 

standards for their environmental, social and governance (ESG) 

performance will prosper. This is particularly true in the palm oil 

sector, which is subject to extraordinary scrutiny in the global 

marketplace.

As a company operating in the agricultural sector of a developing 

country with rich biodiversity, it is paramount that we support 

local social development and biodiversity protection, while also 

addressing broader issues such as global climate change. 

In partnership with local communities, our commitment to 

supporting long-term social forestry projects is an example of 

our dedication to these goals. Indeed, we pledge to make our 

operations carbon neutral by 2030. 

We are also mindful of the clear link between what happens 

on the ground and how this can impact the wider regional or 

global context. For example, we have witnessed how a small 

fire in Kalimantan can rapidly blanket the entire region in a thick 

haze. Consequently, we have invested heavily in fire prevention 

and educating smallholders without whose help, this would not 

be possible. 

We are also facing the challenge of a lifetime: a pandemic that 

is continuing to wreak havoc on livelihoods and human health 

across the planet. Bumitama is continuously exploring how 

we can help limit the spread and protect our employees while 

sharing our practices with other stakeholders.

For most global sustainability challenges, Bumitama needs 

collaboration to effect real change, and we are always seeking 

multi-stakeholder initiatives to leverage our contribution. 

Partners such as the RSPO, the Fire Free Alliance, and the 

PONGO Alliance are critical for our ability to tackle larger issues, 

not to mention our strong relationships with local and global 

NGOs, communities, and all levels of government.

Sustainability is also becoming an imperative from a business 

perspective as regulators, and financial services demand more 

stringent ESG performance. As listing requirements raise 

the bar for non-financial disclosure, banks and investors are 

adopting rigorous ESG frameworks, making it a critical factor 

in our access to finance. We welcome and encourage such 

scrutiny, and the potential opportunities to develop financial 

instruments such as green bonds.

As sustainability is increasingly linked to regulatory compliance 

and access to finance, the Board must ensure adequate 

oversight by demanding robust accountability and compliance 

frameworks. A significant development during the last year has 

been the elevation of our Enterprise Risk Management function. 

It has rapidly grown from a small team to a full department with 

direct reporting to the Board and Audit Committee. We have 

broadened the team’s remit to encompass a broader set of 

issues, such as health and safety compliance, fire protection, 

and other areas essential for our sustainability policies.

Our Board members remain very engaged and participate 

in regular site visits. These are tremendously beneficial for 

understanding how the company operates and assessing 

employee housing and conditions, and the social and 

environmental landscape. These insights make us more 

effective and create better accountability between the Board 

and the company’s operations.

Creating sustainable jobs and livelihoods and respecting the 

rights of local communities while battling deforestation and fire 

prevention is no easy endeavour. However, we are confident that 

Bumitama’s robust policies, combined with strong operational 

capacity and accountability, can make a real difference, now 

and in the years to come.

Lee Lap Wah George

Lead Independent Director



BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

04


Bumitama Agri’s Sustainability Report 2020 offers excellent 

insight 

into 

the 

group’s 

sustainability 

risk 

exposure, 

implementation of ‘No Deforestation, No Peat, No Exploitation’  

(NDPE) policy and RSPO standards and on-the-ground 

outcomes.

Anybody working in the field of oil palm sustainability should 

take note of Bumitama’s remarkable sustainability deliverables. 

Bumitama’s slight shortfall in terms of total certified land bank 

is generously made up by the company’s novel approaches 

to development and conservation in the landscapes where its 

subsidiaries operate. 

Having been at significant risk of supply chain exclusion merely 

seven years ago, Bumitama has come a long way. It has sorted 

out a range of compliance issues with plantation development, 

conservation and land conflict handling. It has become a key 

contributor to RSPO’s grievance handling, and having to answer 

buyers’ information requests about product traceability and 

other issues, Bumitama developed excellent understanding of 

sustainability risks. It is also among the industry’s top performers 

in terms of sustainability reporting. 

The company reorganised its RSPO membership in 2013 and 

it launched its own comprehensive NDPE policy in 2015. The 

sustainability team was continuously challenged to uphold 

these commitments. Company management continued to 

acquire land whilst the outside world is still on a roll: re-entry of 

old grievances, changeable government policies, episodes of 

extended drought and most recently, COVID-19. 

Yet, this fourth sustainability report shows that Bumitama 

progresses with meaningful on-the-ground sustainability 

deliverables. These go well beyond the basics of aforementioned 

policies. The company is evolving into a true driver of rural 

sustainability. It proactively works to generously settle its 

conservation liabilities, and it does so in close partnership with 

local communities, many of whom foremost expect to see 

basic economic development in their villages, just like most 

government agencies look upon the private sector to deliver 

just that. As such, Bumitama’s approach to conservation must 

be comprehensive, consultative and collaborative. 

With a conservation area of almost 40,000 ha, Bumitama 

outranks several major trader-refiners is terms of conservation 

delivery. The company will be helping to care for an even 

larger area, through its Co-Management Agreements with 

local communities in support of social forestry. Having entered 

into two separate Co-Management Agreements for long-term 

support for 7,700 ha of village forests in West Kalimantan so 

far, consultations for additional agreements – also in Central 

Kalimantan – are ongoing. 

This is not to suggest that all conservation areas are fully 

secure, thick tropical rainforests. Illegal logging, hunting and 

mining and fire outbreak have degraded considerable portions 

of these areas. But rather than to fence off conservation areas, 

the company’s integrated approach commands that it closely 

collaborates with local communities to address these risks. 

Meanwhile, to recreate healthy forest habitats, Bumitama has 

embarked in an interesting reforestation trial, FlyForest.

The company performed remarkably well during the reporting 

period (2019-2020). Nonetheless, some realities do not bend 

easily to best effort and intent. Of course, the COVID-19 

outbreak in 2020 inevitably slowed down the sustainability 

team. Furthermore, the company has seen a worrisome rise 

in workforce accident rates, and it faced an unprecedented 

spike in fire outbreak in 2019. This report identifies such 

non-compliance risks, and it outlines in adequately broad 

strokes how the company is addressing them, such as the 

hiring of a full-time fire management coordinator. A second 

position filled in Bumitama’s sustainability team is a full-time 

conservation manager. 

Report Review: 

Eric Wakker

Eric Wakker represents MY Transform SB in Malaysia.  

He is also a senior advisor to Earth Equalizer Foundation  

in Indonesia. Eric has reviewed and commented on earlier 

drafts of this Sustainability Report before issuing his  

final commentary. 

About the Reviewer



BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

05


I have always encouraged Bumitama to integrate its previous 

existing CSR programme with its Sustainability Policy. Many 

companies continue to split or confuse these fields of interest. 

This is a shame because in Indonesia, one cannot succeed 

without the other. I acknowledge that it is easier to call for 

integration than that it is to realise it. Bumitama’s sustainability 

reports give stakeholders – myself included – increasingly rich 

insights in the contributions that oil palm companies play in 

delivering sustainable development in remote, rural areas. 

Plantation companies walk the fine line between being 

expected to fill the gaps in formal governance on the one 

hand, whilst on the other being held to account for failures 

in development and sustainability, often without regard for 

the role of other actors. It is impressive how a company like 

Bumitama understands and accepts this precarious role. 

It wisely took the initiative to commission a review of earlier 

Social Impact Assessments. Having identified no less than 

112 villages in the immediate landscape of the company’s 

operations, in this sustainability report, Bumitama reports initial 

progress against Indonesia’s Village Development Index (VDI) 

which is structured along five dimensions: Basic Services, 

Infrastructure Condition, Transportation, Public Services and 

Village Government Functioning. Rightly acknowledging that 

attribution is not exclusive to the company’s credit, reporting 

against the VDI is – in the end – highly material nonetheless. 

Importantly, it complements the more one-dimensional 

indicators for conservation, planted areas and profit. It means, 

that if VDI rankings were to drop some time in future, the 

company would care. 

And it already does. Besides several food security initiatives 

described in previous reports, a good example of an upscaled 

initiative is briefly presented in this report, wherein one 

Bumitama’s subsidiary in Central Kalimantan partnered up 

with local government agencies, a specialised entrepreneur 

and smallholder communities. Like many plantation workers, 

the latter had become overly dependent on cash income from 

the now dominant commodity in their region: oil palm. When 

FFB prices were previously depressed, these communities 

no longer had a buffer to absorb impact. Bumitama realised 

the importance of retaining and restoring diversity in their 

surroundings. Not only through conservation areas, but through 

economic diversification. This report describes the fish farming 

SME project for the first time, addressing some potential 

concerns over sustainability. I recommend that the company 

provides more insight in the distribution of costs and benefits 

of the project. 

In the previous reporting period, the industry was under 

considerable NGO pressure to publish their land bank maps 

and conservation liabilities. Since then, this pressure has 

largely dissipated. Bumitama has not been able to take up the 

industry’s sole lead in these areas, as previously suggested. 

Instead, the company looks to the RSPO as the appropriate 

platform for pushing the rules and sharing information in 

appropriate detail. It has made updated maps available to 

RSPO and this report presents an update on the review status 

of Bumitama’s conservation plans, as RSPO last updated its 

data in November 2019. 

With regards to strengthened due diligence of land acquisition 

through potentially related land agents, the revised policy 

of 2018 approved by the Board of Directors in 2019 is still 

being incorporated in the company’s Standard Operating 

Procedures. I recommend that the company publishes the 

essential content of its new policy as it may offer potential for 

adoption elsewhere. Meanwhile, the policy itself has not been 

material for the reporting period because no new entities with 

land bank were acquired. 

Instead, the sustainability team has put more effort into third-

party supplier monitoring. Whilst this is already common 

practice among trader-refiners, Bumitama’s efforts are 

to be appreciated because very few – if any – other pure 

growers have commenced supplier monitoring in line with 

their NDPE policy. NGOs will appreciate that even though 

most of Bumitama’s third-party suppliers are independent 

smallholders, persistent non-compliance will trigger supply 

chain exclusion. The baseline approach, however, is to identify 

non-compliance risk and to assist suppliers to comply. Traders 

will appreciate how Bumitama’s efforts have led to very high 

levels of traceability to plantation. 

Finally, it is interesting to see the evolution of reference 

frameworks that guide Bumitama’s respective sustainability 

reports. Whereas initially it referenced against the generic 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards, the current report 

is more concerned with sector specific scorecards. Bumitama’s 

previous sustainability report has received high rankings against 

ZSL’s SPOTT and this report is likely to retain that status. It 

is important to note that these scorecards primarily measure 

quality of reporting. I recommend Bumitama’s sustainability 

team to familiarise itself with the Accountability Framework 

initiative (AFi) whose guidance documents offer a wealth of 

inputs for the upcoming Sustainability Policy review. I expect 

that reporting scorecards will later be aligned with AFi, which is 

not a reporting framework in itself. 

Report Review: 

Eric Wakker

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

06


Objectives 

and Targets

Objective

Target

Target 

Year

Progress and status as of December 2020, 

unless otherwise stated

Forest Conservation and Sustainable Land Use

Reduce rodenticide 

use

60% of total planted areas to be 

rodenticide-free

2020

Achieved. New target of 85% by 2022.

81.4% of total planted area free from 

rodenticide 

Protect and increase 

Kalimantan’s 

orangutan 

population

Continue expanding partnerships 

with reputable orangutan 

conservation organisations

Ongoing

On Track

Continuation of existing partnerships, exploring 

an alternative approach to orangutan habitat 

management with PONGO Alliance 

Reduction of 

greenhouse gases

New Target:

30% 

reduction in GHG intensity 

using 2016 as a baseline

2030

On Track

In 2020, our GHG emissions intensity was 

1.56 MT CO2e/MT CPO, 4% lower than 2016 

baseline

Trials for alternative GHG 

emissions reductions through 

composting and solid separation

2019

Partially achieved. Target revised to 2021.

11 composting facilities contributed to 

reduction of emissions from POME 

1 solid separation facility scheduled for 

construction in 2021

Revised Target:

Complete construction of 3 

methane capture facilities 

2023

On Track (target revised from 2 facilities)

Commercial operation of 1 biogas facility  

by Q2 2021. Ground breaking of 2 additional 

facilities by 2022

Water efficiency 

and protecting local 

water sources

New Target:

Water usage intensity from mill 

production decreased to  

1.2 m3/MT FFB

2022

On Track

Water usage intensity was 1.26 m3/MT FFB

Conserve, protect 

and rehabilitate all 

forests

New Target:

Annual deforestation in set-aside 

areas &lt; 0.1%; Forest cover 

increase by 10%

2025

On Track

Throughout 2020 we have identified vegetation 

gain of 2,091 ha, while across all areas less 

than 42 ha of forest was lost

New Target: 

ZERO 

Fires inside concession areas

2023

On Track

Reorganised fire management approach and 

introduced Triple Zero Target Programme 

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

07


Objective

Target

Target 

Year

Progress and status as of December 2020, 

unless otherwise stated

Respect for Human Rights in the Workplace

Reduction in 

accident rates

Revised Target: 1

75% reduction against our 2020 

baseline with annual stepwise 

targets

2025

2020 Analysis of Rising Accident Rates

- 

Identified root causes of high frequency 

and severity rates

- 

Introduced TZTP to build a culture 

of health and safety awareness and 

competence

- 

Established dedicated road safety training 

programme 

- 

Peer harvester training programme to 

address accident rates

Zero fatalities

Ongoing

Not Achieved

4 fatalities in 2019 and 3 fatalities in 2020

Promoting and 

protecting the rights 

of women and 

children

Breastfeeding facilities available at 

all RSPO certified units

2020

Partially Achieved

19 sites over 5 certified management units and 

our Jakarta head office have breastfeeding 

facilities available 

Breastfeeding facilities available 

company-wide

2023

On Track

Promote Adiwiyata green 

education at 12 Bumitama schools 

and 3 external schools at district-

level or higher

2022

On Track

In 2020, 2 schools were recognised at national-

level, 6 at provincial-level, and 5 at district-level

Traceability and Responsible Sourcing

New developments 

with HCV and 

HCS approach 

assessments

Integrate HCV and HCS 

assessments in line with RSPO 

P&amp;C 2018 requirements

Ongoing

Achieved for 2019–2020

4 HCV-HCSA assessments conducted

Review execution and 

effectiveness of SIA for certified 

units

Ongoing

On Track

2019–2020 social impact re-assessment (SIA) 

covered 50 of the 87 SIA assessed in 2010–

2013 to help us understand our impact on the 

community beyond the FPIC process

Review execution and 

effectiveness of HCV, HCS and 

peat management for all units

2020

Achieved

Conducted assessment of the state of HCV 

and HCSA areas to help design plans for 

interventions, protecting conservation areas 

and improving forest cover

Maintain clear 

sustainability policies 

and commitments

New Target:

Review 

Sustainability Policy

2021-

2022

On Track

New Target:

Review Bumitama’s social 

commitments and measures

2022

On Track

In 2017 we piloted programme to assess and 

improve the rights of children and women at 

two sites. Continued in 2020 with scoping and 

reviewing our social-related policies, before 

launching a new policy or integrating within our 

revised Sustainability Policy in 2022

Objectives 

and Targets

1  Target previously reported as 40% against our 2017 baseline. This has been revised, now with a target year.

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

08


Objective

Target

Target 

Year

Progress and status as of December 2020, 

unless otherwise stated

Traceability and Responsible Sourcing

Ensure our FFB 

is traceable and 

purchased from legal 

and responsible 

sources

95% traceability of FFB supplied 

by smallholders and external 

suppliers

2019 &amp; 

beyond

Achieved, Continuous Target

98.8% of all FFB and 

95.4% of external FFB are mapped and 

traceable to plantation. We will continue tracing 

new external FFB suppliers.

Ensure operations 

are certified as 

required by law or 

leading sustainability 

standards

Achieve RSPO certification for all 

mills and estates

2022

On Track. Target 2022 or 1 Year After 

Obtaining HGU

Targets adjusted due to pandemic-related 

restrictions

Subject to land title, achieve RSPO 

certification for all plasma and 

external smallholders

2024

On Track

Two plasma smallholder groups and  

one independent smallholder group certified

Every certified mill with third-party 

supply has a group of smallholders 

in productivity improvement and 

certification programme 

2022

On Track

9 smallholder groups in the programme.

In 2020, COVID-19 disrupted our plans.  

We plan to work with 6 independent 

smallholder groups and certify 2 for 2021.  

Establish RSPO segregated mills

2021-

2022

On Track

Conducted a feasibility study for establishing 

segregated mills; further planning required

Achieve ISO 14001 for 3 mills

2021

On Track

1 certified to date

Achieve ISO 14001 for all mills

2023

Respect for Local Community Rights

Free, Prior and 

Informed Consent 

(FPIC)

For new planting, documentation 

evidencing that negotiations have 

complied with FPIC on legal, 

customary or user land rights 

2020

Completed for all new plantings

FPIC carried out for new planting at  

PT Hungarindo Persada

New Target: 

Ensure FPIC is followed at existing, 

locally acquired plantations

2025

On Track

Developing procedures and conducting 

assessments. Any identified non-compliance 

registered as an internal grievance

No complaints received relating to 

existing planting

Ongoing

Achieved in 2019 and 2020

No new RSPO complaints received. Since 

2018, 2 have been closed, and 1 is still 

ongoing. One of the closed RSPO cases 

is being addressed under the Bumitama 

grievance procedure

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

09




2019 – 2020 

Highlights

FOREST CONSERVATION AND 

SUSTAINABLE LAND USE

• Managing 39,310 ha of conservation areas: 

16.8% of total land bank

• Began two 35-year social forestry programmes 

with communities in West Kalimantan

• BBCP protecting and managing biodiversity, a 

particular highlight is a new-born baby orangutan

• Ketapang Production, Protection, Inclusion 

Compact signed: restoring up to 20,000 ha of 

rainforest

• FlyForest drone reforestation programme 

introduced

• New dedicated conservation and fire departments

RESPECT FOR HUMAN RIGHTS 

IN THE WORKPLACE

• COVID-19 business continuity plan and protocols 

established across the Group

• Developed Triple Zero Target Programme (TZTP) 

to address workplace accidents, fires and 

environmental grievances

• Conducted tracking Bumitama’s wages and 

benefits for decent living wage benchmarking 

• Reviewed social policies to improve employee 

rights, with a focus on gender and children

• Increased provision of training through the 

Bumitama Corporate University

TRACEABILITY AND 

RESPONSIBLE SOURCING

• 4 additional mills RSPO certified (total 8);  

our certified area is now 43.4% of total certifiable 

area

• 42% increase in RSPO certified volume since 2018

• 4th mill ISPO certified

• 98.8% of all FFB traceable to plantation

• Increased effort to guide suppliers in meeting 

Bumitama sustainability commitments

• Constant monitoring of land cover change within 

suppliers’ boundaries

• Improved fire prevention and management 

programme

• Developing an alternative approach to orangutan 

habitat management under PONGO Alliance

• Avoided 10% of total POME GHG emissions 

through a co-composting programme 

• 81.4% of total planted area is free from rodenticide, 

up from 42.3% in 2018

• Ranked 7th out of 350 companies from 6 commodity 

sectors in the 2020 Global Canopy Forest 500 

assessment

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

10




RESPECT FOR LOCAL 

COMMUNITY RIGHTS

• 38 Bumitama schools – bringing education to almost 

5,300 enrolled students

• 124 childcare centres caring for over 2,000 children

• Improved the nutritional intake of local children 

• To date, 9 Bumitama schools have been recognised at 

provincial level and 3 at national under the Adiwiyata 

programme for green and sustainable education

• Almost 30% of our planted area is for plasma 

smallholders – 10% over mandatory level

• First two groups of plasma smallholders RSPO certified 

in 2019, spanning 1,899 ha

• Established a fish farming SME to support  

Mitra Bahaum plasma programme cooperative

• 1st independent smallholder group was RSPO-certified 

with Bumitama’s support in 2018

• Working with 9 other smallholder groups to gain 

certification, targeting 2 to pass in 2021

• Since 2016, 10 out of the 112 villages surrounding our 

operations have been classified as ‘independent’ on the 

government’s Village Development Index 

• Piloted a fire-free land clearing and fertiliser programme 

that uses wood vinegar

• Promoted community farming initiatives for non-timber 

forest products (NTFP)

43.4%

of certifiable area 

RSPO certified,  

4 additional mills

39,310 ha

conservation 

area

98.8%

of all FFB traceable

5,300

enrolled students acrossed 

38 schools managed by 

Bumitama Foundation

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

11






BUSINESS IN BRIEF

Bumitama Agri Ltd (Bumitama or the Group) is a leading producer of Crude Palm Oil (CPO) and Palm Kernel (PK).

About 

Bumitama

187,917 ha

14 CPO mills

total planted area

mills owned and operated with a 

processing capacity of 6.03 million tonnes 

of Fresh Fruit Bunches (FFB) annually. 

employees (approx.)

31,400

29.3%

of our total planted area is dedicated 

to smallholders

● Office

● Plantation

● CPO Mill





SUMATRA

KALIMANTAN

JAVA

SINGAPORE

JAKARTA

RIAU

AROUND 2,000 HA 

PLANTED OIL PALM,  

1 MILL

WEST KALIMANTAN

AROUND 80,000 HA 

PLANTED OIL PALM,  

5 MILLS

CENTRAL KALIMANTAN

AROUND 105,000 HA 

PLANTED OIL PALM,  

8 MILLS

1

2

3

Pontianak

Ketapang

Pangkalan Bun

Palangkaraya

Special Region of Yogyakarta

Surabaya

Bali

Dumai

Duri

Riau

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

12






46,277

51,254

52,734

54,924

55,101

131,421

182,675

132,431

185,165

132,643

187,567

132,816

187,917

128,966

175,243

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

PLANTED AREA 2016-2020 (ha)

PLANTED AREA BY REGION 2020 (ha, %)

 Nucleus planted area 

 Plasma planted area

 Kalimantan

 Riau

185,608, 99%

2,309, 1%

 Total: 

187,917 ha

FINANCIAL OVERVIEW AND OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE

In 2019, our revenue decreased by 8.2% from the previous 

year. This was primarily caused by weaker palm oil prices from 

industry oversupply in the first half of the year. However, in 

2020 our revenue increased by 18.3% to IDR 9.1 trillion - our 

highest recorded. This can be attributed to higher CPO prices 

and tightened industry supply. Although, we have experienced 

the limitations brought by the COVID-19 pandemic, we 

have managed to maintain strong operational and financial 

management.

Bumitama is listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange under 

the stock symbol SGX: P8Z. As of year-end 2020, 52.28% of 

Bumitama shares are held by companies controlled by the Lim 

family. A further 32.1% are controlled by IOI Corporation and 

its majority shareholders, the Lee family. For a full overview of 

Bumitama’s company structure, please see our Annual Report. 

234,000 ha

total landbank

132,816 ha

of nucleus estates and 

55,101 ha of plasma area

27%

of the FFB sourced in 2020 

came from third-party suppliers



BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

13

Note: Revenue for FY2018 has been reclassified.

6,630

1,551

1,925

8,131

1,894

2,427

8,377

1,705

2,395

7,691

1,193

1,694

9,102

1,931

2,575

FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 2016-2020 (IDR Billion)

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

 Revenue 

 Profit before tax 

 EBITDA


OUR CUSTOMERS

Processing FFB from own and third party oil palm plantations, 

Bumitama produces CPO and PK that is sold to our customers 

further downstream.

Our FFB yield and CPO extraction rates have remained relatively 

stable since 2018, but we are investing heavily in research 

and development to enhance productivity in both areas. Our 

Research, Quality Control and Engineering department and 

agronomists are continually exploring ways to increase yield, oil 

content and FFB weight. 

We are in the process of commissioning a tissue culture centre 

in Palangkaraya. This centre will identify the most productive 

and suitable seeds for our replanting programme from 2021 

onwards. These seeds are developed from a tissue culture that 

combines the genome of different plants to provide us with high 

yielding trees that are potentially less susceptible to the effects 

of climate change. 

FFB PRODUCTION BY SOURCE 2016-2020 (MT)

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

1,513,422

672,018

901,492

3,086,932

1,784,729

817,495

1,007,978

3,610,202

2,276,866

1,061,368

1,374,879

4,713,113

2,231,353

1,035,130

1,293,612

4,560,095

2,270,745

1,043,383

1,219,944

4,534,072

PRODUCTIVITY 2016-2020

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

22.7

14.6

22.7

16.4

22.1

20.4

22.7

19.1

22.6

19.0

OPERATIONS

There have been no new acquisitions since our last report. In 

2019, we submitted a new 3,700 ha development plan through 

the RSPO New Planting Procedure (NPP) for PT Hungarindo 

Persada at West Kalimantan. During the last two years, we have 

planted 2,752 ha of new plantings in our Kalimantan estates.

AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTIVITY

Our key focus for growth is on increasing productivity on our 

existing land, rather than acquisitions and new plantings. This is 

essential given the limited opportunities for land bank expansion 

in light of our commitment to avoid development on peat, high 

carbon stock (HCS) or high conservation value (HCV) areas. 

About 

Bumitama

CPO

Bumitama

Food Products 

Oleochemicals

Biofuels

PK

Traders  

Processors

Refineries

Personal Care Products

Household Items

Confectionary

to establish segregated mills in 2019, this was postponed 

to 2021 to allow us to gather information, develop logistical 

capability and capacity, and make additional infrastructure 

investments, such as land and storage tanks.

CPO YIELD PER MATURE HECTARE 2016-2020 (MT/ha)

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

3.3

3.7

4.5

4.3

4.3

CPO certified to RSPO standards is sold through the RSPO 

certification trading system for trade under the mass balance 

system. In 2020, Bumitama began a feasibility study for 

establishing segregated mills to offer segregated RSPO certified 

oil to the marketplace. Although Bumitama had initially planned 

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

14

 Nucleus FFB

 CPO extraction rate (%)

 Plasma FFB

 FFB yield per mature hectare (MT/ha)

 External FFB


Our Approach  

to Sustainability

KEY PILLARS OF OUR SUSTAINABILITY POLICY

Forest conservation and  

sustainable land use

No peat; protection of HCV and HCS landscapes; 

reduction of chemical fertiliser and pesticide usage; 

elimination of paraquat; and prevention of fire.

Respect for local community rights

Recognition of FPIC; efforts towards sustainable economic 

development models; and fair, transparent and accountable 

partnerships with plasma smallholders.

Respect for human rights  

in the workplace

Recognition of ILO core conventions and 

the UN Universal Declaration on Human 

Rights – including a ban on forced and 

child labour, elimination of discrimination, 

provision of fair wages and working hours, and respect for 

freedom of association; the provision of a healthy and safe 

working environment; and ethical conduct, including efforts to 

eliminate corruption.

Traceability and  

responsible sourcing

Tracking and monitoring land 

development in sensitive areas; 

ensuring that all FFB processed 

is traceable to our own estates, 

plasma smallholders, local traders and 

independent smallholders, and ensuring 

that FFB is purchased from legal and 

responsible sources.

Bumitama understands that sustainable practices, engagement 

and accountability are critical for us and the industry to succeed.

The basis for our sustainability efforts is strict legal compliance 

and adherence to RSPO standards, and civil society monitoring 

and engagement. We also recognise that, as a leading palm 

oil producer in Indonesia, we must set an example by going 

beyond what is required and addressing legitimate on-the-

ground needs. Since the outbreak of COVID-19, it has become 

even more crucial to safeguard our workforce’s wellbeing 

and ensure business continuity – but never at the expense of 

environmental protection. The current circumstances demand 

a need to be resilient and agile by implementing a business 

continuity plan and a set of operational protocols.

Our Sustainability Policy outlines our principles and commitments 

to produce palm oil sustainably and responsibly. We developed 

the Policy with our core focus on People, Planet and Prosperity 

and its provisions apply across our operations, subsidiaries, 

associates, and those that we manage. Although reference to 

external suppliers may not be explicit, they fall under the scope 

of our associates. Therefore, all our suppliers must adhere to 

the provisions within this Policy. 

Although our Policy remains unchanged, our priorities are 

guided by enhanced sustainability requirements, impact 

assessments, and stakeholder engagement. We use a 

landscape approach that goes beyond our boundaries, and 

we work with stakeholders within these areas to protect the 

environment, address socio-economic challenges, and boost 

community livelihoods. Our programmes are dedicated and 

designed to engage our local communities, such as our social 

forestry support programme in West Kalimantan. We are 

continuously improving our internal capacity to monitor, support 

and ensure supplier compliance with our Policy commitments.

Sustainability is a continually evolving practice. We plan to 

review and update our Sustainability Policy in 2021 – 2022 to 

ensure it demonstrates how our programmes have developed 

since the Policy was first implemented five years ago. We also 

plan to explore the UN’s SDG’s further and discover where 

Bumitama can develop and advance. We will work to ensure 

the Policy reflects developments in palm oil sustainability and 

buyer expectations. 

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

15


95.4%

of third party 

FFB traceable to 

plantation

SUPPLY CHAIN TRACEABILITY AND RESPONSIBLE 

SOURCING

ASSESSING THE RISK OF SUPPLIERS

As we know the origin of our supply we are able to focus on 

addressing problematic areas with higher environmental and 

social risks. Our pre-screening process maps all existing and 

new suppliers using publicly available data and information 

disclosed by our suppliers. We compare these maps to a 

specially developed risk map covering a 50-kilometre radius 

from our mills. This identifies and evaluates key suppliers and 

sites that require our support on issues such as land legality, 

productivity, deforestation, fires, and community grievances. 

Using our supply chain categorisation (see Appendix 1), we 

establish whether we can conduct business with the supplier. 

Those deemed High Risk are automatically excluded and 

become ineligible to become Bumitama suppliers. However, 

this approach relies primarily on self-declaration and we have 

found instances where the provided information was incorrect 

or limited. This has been especially apparent with FFB traders 

or agents who are direct purchasers of the FFB. We aim to 

address this in our traceability-based smallholder engagement 

programme and will regularly report on our progress.

 

In 2021, we will expand our zoning approach for FFB purchased 

from second or third tier suppliers.

WORKING WITH SUPPLIERS TO MEET SUSTAINABILITY 

COMMITMENTS

Currently, 29 outgrowers and 69 independent smallholder 

groups have their performance verified with a questionnaire 

based on Bumitama’s Sustainability Policy. To ensure the 

sourced FFB complies with regulations and originates from 

an official, legal supplier, we implement checks and conduct 

follow-up inspections to confirm the date of planting, analyse 

FFB samples, and substantiate plantation coordinates. We 

also have dedicated teams to educate FFB suppliers on 

implementing our Policy.

Bumitama holds its suppliers accountable whenever we find 

their performance contravenes their sustainability commitment. 

For those suppliers found in non-compliance with regulations on 

spatial planning, forestry zones, and peat areas, we encourage 

them to work with us so that they can comply with our policy 

commitments. We terminate contracts of suppliers who do not 

take remedial action or refuse to comply with our policy.

Our Approach  

to Sustainability

27%

total supply from 

external parties

2021, we will

From

98.8%

of all FFB 

mapped and 

traceable

Develop a policy 

commitment checklist 

and carry out random 

assessments of our 

suppliers.

Develop guidance for corrective 

action for those suppliers who 

are non-compliant with our 

commitments but are keen to 

address the issues to avoid 

contract termination.

Conduct training and knowledge  

sessions on:

– Agronomy training and counselling.

– Land legality

– RSPO certification

– FPIC, legality, and sustainability management 

and compatibility.

– Bumitama Sustainability policy commitments







BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

16


MONITORING LAND COVER CHANGE

One of our key supplier commitments is no land clearing before 

HCV &amp; HCS assessment, as per the RSPO New Planting 

Procedure. We have developed a satellite monitoring system to 

assess land cover changes in our suppliers’ areas. The system 

uses GIS remote sensing via the Google Earth Engine, a code-

based programme to detect any changes.







Time period 1

NDOAI period 1

Remote sensing 

process

Satellite Image (Modis, 

Landsat and Sentinel)

Land cover change 

detected

Time period 2

NDOAI period 2

Remote sensing 

process

Google Earth 

Engine Application

Subtract NDOAI  

period 1 &amp; 2

Supplier 

boundary

Any detected changes are verified and addressed with the 

supplier. If confirmed, we request that corrective action and 

restoration of non-compliant deforestation or land conversion is 

undertaken. No interest to do so or inaction will result in ceasing 

of business relations.

LAND USE CHANGE ANALYSIS FLOW DIAGRAM AND PROCESS ILLUSTRATION 

How Does it Work?

Within the Google Earth Engine, the dark shaded area represents the boundary based on the supplier’s permit, overlaid with 

satellite images of time periods one and two. A remote sensing process produces an index value of vegetation loss, NDOAI. 

From the results, changes in land cover are confirmed and highlighted in red. This shows where the vegetation was cleared 

in the period between the specified dates.

Land Cover Change 

Detection

Satellite Image 1

Satellite Image 2

Supplier Boundary









BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

17




GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT

Corporate Governance and Sustainability Management

Bumitama upholds high standards of corporate governance, 

integrity and professionalism across all our activities and 

operations. The Board provides management oversight 

and leads the development of corporate strategies while 

being responsible for ensuring that our company’s corporate 

governance practices are aligned with the Singapore Code of 

Corporate Governance.

Our Board comprises six members: three independent 

directors, one non-executive and two executive directors. 

It includes three Singaporeans, two Indonesians, and one 

Malaysian member and reflects the diverse professional and 

educational backgrounds required to ensure that all aspects of 

our operations are adequately represented. There is currently 

one female board member. Mr Lim Gunawan Hariyanto is our 

CEO and chairman of the Board. To ensure sufficient oversight, 

the company has appointed an independent lead director, and 

a separate Board member who chairs all Board committees.

The Board oversees the company’s Sustainability Policy 

strategy, and our CEO champions our sustainability principles. 

Sustainability performance, emerging issues, critical concerns 

and progress against targets is reviewed at each meeting – 

which is now on a quarterly basis. Our senior management team 

handles oversight and the implementation of our Sustainability 

Policy and oversees all stakeholder consultation on sustainability 

matters. All annual and biennial sustainability statements and 

reports are reviewed and approved by the Board. 

As part of our ongoing efforts to remain responsive to ever-

evolving issues we have implemented some organisational 

changes. In 2020, we expanded the group to include a new 

department responsible for our conservation areas, led by a 

dedicated conservation manager. We have also reorganised the 

fire management team and introduced a group fire manager. 

Both personnel report directly to our Chief Operating Officer and 

coordinate their activities with the Sustainability and CSR team.

We have also recently launched a holistic programme for 2021–

2025 called the Triple Zero Target Programme. You can check 

out our step-wise targets below.

STEP-WISE TARGETS FOR TRIPLE ZERO TARGET PROGRAMME: 2021–2025

Year

Accident

frequency and 

severity rates (y-o-y)

Fire

Environmental incidents

2021

5% reduction

Zero fires in planted areas

Quality uniformity of environmental 

management monitoring 

(100% related documents available and 

monitored by head office)

2022

10% reduction

Zero fires in planted and 

conservation areas

Environmental management reporting to 

the government on time and following the 

provisions

2023

15% reduction

Zero fires inside concessions

No environmental incidents leading to charges 

against the company 

2024

20% reduction

Zero fires inside concessions

No environmental incidents leading to charges 

against the company

2025

25% reduction

Zero fires inside concessions

No environmental incidents leading to charges 

against the company

Our Approach  

to Sustainability

Ethics and Integrity

Integrity remains the cornerstone of our business. It is only by 

conducting our business to the highest ethical standards we 

can ensure business continuity, stakeholder respect and local 

community support. The Bumitama Code of Conduct guides 

us when dealings with our business partners, regulatory 

bodies, and employees. The Code applies to all Bumitama 

employees, the Board of Directors, and other individuals 

working on behalf of the company. The Code of Conduct can 

be found on our website.

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

18




SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE 2020

 

Chief 

Operating 

Officer

Chief 

Financial 

Officer

Chief 

Sustainability 

Officer

Corporate Social 

Responsibility 

Department

System Development 

&amp; Mitigation 

Department

Certification &amp; 

Safety Compliance 

Department

Fire Fighting 

Manager

Corporate Sustainability &amp; CSR Department

Board of Directors

Grievances and Whistleblowing

Our grievance procedure is a structured Group-wide approach 

for handling complaints. The system is available to all estate 

employees and each head office and protects the complainant’s 

anonymity. The grievance procedure also addresses third-party 

compliance issues and land conflicts. Although it is open for 

internal complaints, grievances can also be raised through 

external platforms, such as the RSPO complaints process. 

Since 2018, two complaints registered through the RSPO 

have been closed. As detailed in our last Sustainability Report, 

the first of the two cases involved a community in Central 

Kalimantan and the disputed terms of land surrender for a 

Plasma scheme with our subsidiary, PT Bumitama Gunajaya 

Abadi (BGB). After the stakeholders’ clarification, supported by 

a series of alternative livelihood programmes for the community 

involved, the complaint was closed in June 2020 after it 

was concluded that the matter should be resolved internally 

between the cooperative management and the communities. 

PT BGB remains in contact with both parties to facilitate an 

amicable settlement of any outstanding issues. 

The second case was raised in January 2019 through 

the RSPO complaints process involving our subsidiary in 

Ketapang, PT Agriplus. This included concerns over plasma 

scheme arrangements, the land acquisition process and 

conservation of traditional community food-source areas. The 

case was withdrawn in July 2019 as both Bumitama, and 

Link-AR Borneo agreed to resolve the disagreements through 

Bumitama’s internal grievance procedure. We continue to work 

with local communities to develop the identified areas as a 

potential source of income from non-timber forest products.

A case against our subsidiary, PT Hatiprima Agro, was reopened 

in 2017 after initially being closed in 2015. This case concerned 

the legality and processes surrounding the acquisition of  

PT LMS in Central Kalimantan. The allegations implied 

Bumitama had sought to circumvent relevant legal permit and 

RSPO requirements. We provided a detailed overview of the 

case and our substantive response in the 2016 Sustainability 

Report, and the RSPO Complaints Panel has ordered a legal 

review of the documentation. We will continue to provide 

ongoing updates of this, and any other raised grievances on 

our website.

Besides the formal RSPO complaints process, we also monitor 

issues raised through other channels, such as social media, 

NGO reports or buyer enquiries. These are recorded using our 

in-house grievance tracker and logged on our website. Our 

policy is to engage proactively with interested stakeholders and 

address any raised issues through the public domain.

We have a well-established whistleblowing policy and 

associated procedures approved by our Board’s Audit 

Committee. This enables our employees, customers, suppliers, 

contractors or local community members to raise concerns. 

The policy guarantees confidential reporting without fear of 

reprisal; anonymous disclosures are accepted, and anonymity 

is preserved. 

Conservation 

Manager

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

19


CERTIFICATION AND ENGAGEMENT

RSPO

In 2014, we obtained our first certification against the RSPO 

Principles and Criteria (P&amp;C). Over the last two years, we have 

achieved certification for four additional mills: Bukit Makmur Mill, 

Pembangunan Raya Mill, Suka Damai Mill, and Bukit Tunggal 

Jaya Mill. Now we have a total of eight mills certified. With their 

supply base, this brings our certified area to 56,433 ha, up 

from 41,970 ha – a 34.5% increase. This comprises 43.4% of 

total certifiable area. With the new certification, we are proud 

to announce that our first two groups of plasma smallholders 

became certified, adding another 1,899 ha of certified planted 

areas, just over 3% of total certified area. Our total certified 

volume rose to 236,962 tonnes – 42% more than in 2018.

Pandemic-related 

travel 

restrictions 

have 

delayed 

our 

certification programme and put on hold all our audits for new 

certificates planned in 2020. Consequently, we have amended 

our targets to complete certification of all our mills by 2022 or 

one year after obtaining HGUs, and all plasma smallholders by 

2024 (See Appendix 3 for Timebound Plan).

ISPO, ISO, AND ISCC

In 2019, our fourth plantation subsidiary, PT Agro Sejahtera 

Manunggal, was certified under the Indonesian Sustainable 

Palm Oil (ISPO), launched in 2012 as a mandatory requirement 

for Indonesian oil palm growers. For details of our ISPO 

certification plan see Appendix 4.

Our mill in Riau, PT Rohul Sawit Industri, is certified against 

ISO 14001 for its environmental management system. We had 

intended to certify two additional mills against ISO 14001 by 

2020 but have revised our target to certify three mills by the 

end of 2021. We aim to achieve certification for all remaining 

mills by 2023, while planning to proceed with the International 

Sustainability and Carbon Certification (ISCC) in 2022, after 

conducting the necessary training and readiness assessments.

 

PROPER

Program Kinerja Pengelolaan Lingkungan Perusahaan 

(PROPER), or the Health, Safety and Environmental Aspect 

Assessment, is the Indonesian Government’s programme 

for rating corporate environmental and social sustainability 

performance management. PROPER is conducted annually 

by the Ministry of Environment and Forestry (KLHK) by 

assessing companies’ performance through a transparency 

mechanism and public disclosure process. This includes how 

we manage environmental and biodiversity issues, community 

development, hazardous waste disposal and energy utilisation. 

PROPER performance is then classified into five categories: 

Black is the lowest, followed by Red, Green, and Blue. Gold 

is the highest category. At the end of 2020, two of Bumitama’s 

management units were classified under the blue and red 

certification categories.

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Bumitama understands that effective stakeholder engagement 

is crucial for building long-term solutions to industry-wide 

challenges. We are always seeking alternative ways of 

strengthening our stakeholder engagement efforts – focusing 

particularly on partnerships and community engagement.  

Our stakeholders include investors, customers, employees, 

non-governmental organisations, industry groups, and 

government agencies.

RSPO-CERTIFIED AREA 2016-2020 (ha)

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

41,594

41,594

41,594

41,594

41,970

41,970

48,815

50,714

1,899

54,534

1,899

56,433



Our Approach  

to Sustainability

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

20

 Nucleus

 Plasma




Forest 500 assesses companies at parent-level and includes its subsidiaries’ commitments in its scope of review. 

Notable partnerships/affiliations in 2019 – 2020:

•  

Member of the RSPO since 2007 and co-chair of 

the RSPO Complaints Panel

•  

Member of the RSPO No Deforestation Task Force, 

the Peatlands Working Group, the Human Rights 

and Social Compliance Working Group, Shared 

Responsibility Working Group, Jurisdiction 

Working Group, Decent Living Wage Subgroup, 

Biodiversity High Conservation Value Working 

Group, and Standard Standing Committee

•  

Partnering with PONGO Alliance as a steering 

committee member to enhance biodiversity protection 

and develop a fresh approach to management 

of orangutan habitats in fragmented landscapes  

(see page 25)

•  

Engaging with IDH – The Sustainable Trade 

Initiative under the landscape-based collaborative 

Bumitama Biodiversity and Community Project 

(BBCP) (see page 25)

•  

Partnership 

in 

the 

Ketapang 

Production, 

Protection, Inclusion (PPI) Compact to protect one 

million hectares of forest (see page 24)

•  

Partnership with Earthqualizer in community 

alternative livelihood development programmes under 

the social forestry platform (see page 39)

•  

Partnership with the Institute of Agricultural 

Stiper 

Yogyakarta 

(INSTIPER), 

capacity 

building programmes to develop future unit leaders  

(see page 49)

•  

Partnership with the National Development 

Planning Agency (Bappenas) and the Ministry 

of Fisheries and Maritime Affairs in a fish farming 

project with the plasma cooperative (see page 50)

For more details, please refer to our stakeholder engagement 

table on page 54. 













2020 Global Canopy Forest 500

63%

score 

7th⁄350

firms in six 

commodity sectors



68.3%

score 

25th⁄100

2020 SPOTT assessment

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

21


We are committed to conserving natural resources and 

protecting and enhancing the existing natural environment and 

its biodiversity. Our No Deforestation, No Peat, No Exploitation 

(NDPE) commitments cement our role in protecting the 

landscapes where we operate through partnerships with local 

stakeholders and invited experts.

BIODIVERSITY PROTECTION AND CONSERVATION

To appropriately understand the area allocated to us under a 

permit, we undertake a series of assessments and analysis 

prior to any development. These assessments include:  

High Conservation Value (HCV) and High Carbon Stock (HCS), 

peat, land use and land-use change, and social impact. We 

work in line with the RSPO New Planting Procedure (NPP), 

and our assessments guide our responsible planting approach 

throughout our operations. 

During 2019 and 2020, we conducted four integrated HCV-HCS 

assessments that identified 2,024 ha that would be set-aside 

for conservation2. As of 2020, the total of our conservation area 

is 39,310 ha. This amounts to 16.8% of our total land bank. 

CONSERVATION AREA SET-ASIDE 2016-2020

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

13.1%

29,415

15.7%

36,561

16.8%

39,380

39,380

39,310

16.8%

16.8%

CONSERVATION AREA BY TYPE 2020 (ha, %)

25,885, 66%

11,517, 29%

1,540, 4%

368, 1%

 HCV

 Peat (non-HCV/HCS)

 HCS

 Others

Approximately 66% of this land is HCV area, 29% is identified 

as HCS, and 4% is peat. The remaining 1% are other conserved 

areas, not identified by HCV or HCSA assessments. 

By applying remote sensing technology, we have identified 

that approximately 48% of our conservation areas is forested. 

Analysing the land cover change during 2020, we have 

calculated a vegetation gain of 2,091 ha, while less than 42 ha 

of forest were lost across all areas. We will identify the causes 

and rehabilitate wherever possible. Our target is to increase 

forest cover in conservation areas by 10% by 2025, while 

keeping annual forest loss below 0.1%. We will work with local 

villages to identify programmes that provide communities with 

income opportunities and prevent further deforestation. 

LAND COVER AT SET-ASIDE AREAS 2020 (%)

29%

17%

12%

0%

9%

10%

23%

 Secondary forest

 Old shrub

 Agroforest

 Shrub

 Water bodies

 Roads &amp; housing

 Community farms &amp; padi fields

 Open land

 Oil palm



2 

 

 The HCV area increased by 2,105 ha and HCS decreased by 82 ha as it was classified as non-HCS area after assessment.

Environment

Notes: 

1.  

‘Others’ includes areas important for preserving HCV and HCS areas 

such as potential wildlife corridors or buffer zones, not identified by the 

assessments as conservation areas.

2.  

The total peat area conserved is 6,115 ha, however some are classified 

under HCV and HCS areas. To avoid double-counting, the conserved peat 

shown are neither HCS nor HCV.

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

22

 Total set-aside area (ha)

 Area set-aside of total area (%)


Bumitama recognises that there was a gap in our adherence with 

the RSPO Principles and Criteria (P&amp;C) prior to the publication 

of our Sustainability Policy in 2015. We commit to working with 

the RSPO and industry experts and have significantly improved 

our compliance. We also work with the RSPO on assessing and 

addressing our outstanding RaCP liabilities through suitable 

compensation programmes that fulfil the criteria. At the end 

of 2020 we had six units undergoing the Land Use Change 

Analysis (LUCA) review process, with 28 already approved by 

the RSPO.   

Managing Conservation Areas

Across our operations, we have dedicated and specialised 

teams to manage our conservation work and we have recently 

increased their capacity through the appointment of a committed 

manager to oversee our initiatives and progress at Group 

level. Our experts have been trained in biodiversity monitoring 

using spatial monitoring and reporting tools (SMART), human–

orangutan conflict mitigation, and camera trap development 

for future results analysis. The teams regularly conduct 

conservation patrols for wildlife and indigenous species, while 

recording the progress of restoration activities, monitoring any 

endangered or vulnerable species3 and looking for any signs 

of illegal activity. It has become increasingly common for our 

forest rangers to encounter loggers and hunters in our West 

Kalimantan conservation areas. This has become more prevalent 

in the areas managed under the Bumitama Biodiversity and 

Community Project (BBCP) and the wider forested landscape 

since the 2018 opening of a mining road crossing through our 

forested areas. We have since implemented robust security 

enhancement measures and are now closely collaborating 

with local law enforcement to stop any illegal deforestation and 

protect the local biodiversity from the risks of illegal hunting 

and forest fires. Although, the legal status of this set-aside area 

makes the availability of enforcement avenues and protection 

very challenging.

We are delighted to report that in early 2020 a baby orangutan 

was born in our Ketapang operations conservation area. Given 

that the IUCN Red List has seen a decline of critically endangered 

orangutan populations, the birth of this baby orangutan in our 

conservation area is a sign of our progress. A small victory for 

our team who have put their heart into this programme. 

Conservation Through Landscape Approaches

Although the pandemic has brought much of the world to a 

standstill, our conservation efforts are still ongoing. About 

37% of our conservation area falls under our dedicated BBCP 

area in Ketapang, West Kalimantan, while other conservation 

programmes and initiatives cover the remaining 63%. We 

regularly monitor wildlife such as sun bears, monkeys, forest 

cats, and various endemic species of birds.

3 

 

The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List species identified in Bumitama’s regions of operation can be found on page 58.



BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

23


Environment

BBCP and the PT DAS Wildlife Migration Corridor

The BBCP is a collaborative programme between Bumitama 

and IDH – the Sustainable Trade Initiative. The programme was 

established in 2016 to conserve areas in one of our subsidiaries, 

the strategically located PT Gemilang Makmur Subur (GMS). 

Bornean orangutans thrive amongst many other iconic species 

in this landscape and it has been our aim to use our conservation 

areas to create a wildlife biodiversity migration corridor between 

the Sungai Putri peat swamp forest and the protected Gunung 

Tarak forest that directly links Gunung Palung National Park. 

Areas on both sides of the route are home to endemic, rare 

and endangered species of flora and fauna. The unique 

biodiversity and its carbon-rich peat swamp forests were at risk 

of deforestation due to plantation development. We acquired 

PT Damai Agro Sejahtera (PT DAS) and immediately released 

a stop work order to prevent further destructive land clearing. 

Assessments were conducted with the help and support of 

expert organisations and these confirmed the existence of 

habitats of high-conservation species and carbon stocks. These 

were set-aside to be managed under the BBCP, enhancing and 

protecting the landscape’s biodiversity. 

Local communities are essential in our conservation work, both 

to leverage their role as the original stewards of the forest, and 

to mitigate the potential threat of deforestation from community 

plantation development, illegal logging, and frequent fires. We 

involve them in restoration initiatives using tree species yielding 

non-timber forest products (NTFP), offering communities an 

alternative to deforestation. Those familiar with the forest are 

invited to become members of our forest ranger teams or to join 

courses on natural integrated farming methods at our Brajang 

training centre. 

Part of the programme also focuses on smallholders and 

farmers. We deliver efficient production training and introduce 

best practices for palm oil management. This programme 

contributes to an assessment conducted for Nebraska 

University and Bentang Kalimantan on a sample of 200 of our 

independent smallholders.

The Ketapang Landscape PPI Compact

In 2017, Bumitama’s work in the Sungai Putri landscape was 

recognised by the Governor of West Kalimantan when our 

set-aside areas were declared an essential ecosystem zone, 

or Kawasan Ekosistem Esensial (KEE). This aligned with 

the province’s Green Growth Plan, an ambitious yet crucial 







BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

24




strategy to create sustainable regional solutions through 

multi-stakeholder coordination and cooperation. In 2019, a 

memorandum of understanding was signed for the Production, 

Protection, Inclusion (PPI) Compact. This Compact is designed 

by IDH in partnership with the Ketapang District Government to 

collaborate with key stakeholders in protecting one million ha 

of forest cover, including 90,000 ha of HCV/HCS areas within 

agricultural land. By 2022, the Compact aims to restore up to 

20,000 ha of forest and peatland, develop sustainable palm oil 

production, and increase smallholders’ livelihoods. 

Bumitama is a PPI Compact pioneer and one of the first 

signatories. The initiative was driven by the landscape 

collaboration compacts developed and implemented under 

the BBCP and the South Ketapang Cagar Alam landscape 

programmes.  

Between 250 and 300 orangutans can be found in at 

least 22 small forest patches in the protected areas of 

Bumitama’s and neighbouring Austindo Nusantara Jaya’s 

(ANJ) oil palm estates. They are located between two large 

orangutan populations in the Gunung Palung National Park 

and Sungai Putri peat swamp forest. 

It has been standard industry practice to relocate 

orangutans in multifunctional landscapes. However, we 

have realised there can be a more practical and planned 

approach to support and manage their livelihoods. 

Bumitama is working with PONGO Alliance to explore a new 

concept of orangutan habitat management in our Ketapang 

conservation areas. Once fully developed, our plan will 

support the future management of remaining habitats and 

corridors, providing guidelines for companies managing 

fragmented landscaped in conservation planning. 



Stakeholder commentary by Fitrian Ardiansyah, Country Director and Executive Chairman | Aris Wanjaya 

Programme Manager, Landscapes and Commodities (IDH)

Based on our experience in West Kalimantan, Bumitama’s commitments go beyond their concessions. A key component of 

their success is an openness to working with other stakeholders, including competitors at adjacent plantations, to achieve 

a common goal. The BBCP is an example of how companies should lead their conservation efforts. Bumitama understands 

that although it has a past, the organisation is willing to make positive changes backed by concrete actions. 

It is positive to see the work Bumitama is doing with the BBCP and now partnering with stakeholders, including governments, 

for the Production Protection Inclusion Compact. We are keen to see how Bumitama can replicate the successes from West 

Kalimantan for their other sites. It is imperative that their Ketapang work is not seen in isolation but can reflect a Group-level 

ambition to be a transformational force in Indonesia.

Bumitama’s top-level commitments are also seen on the ground in West Kalimantan. These need to be ensured for the long 

run. The company is an excellent communicator, and there is unity across all levels of management. However, there is scope 

to build on its field-level employee capacity to integrate their big-picture sustainability perspective into their business-as-

usual practice. It would also help Bumitama’s commercial teams directly connect their buyers and potential partners with 

their field-level sustainability departments.

About: 

IDH works in the West Kalimantan landscape. They aim to transform critical landscapes, sourcing areas to 

improve productivity for concessions and smallholders, strengthening environmental protection, and facilitate 

smallholder inclusion. IDH and Bumitama have ongoing projects in two of Bumitama’s West Kalimantan 

concessions. 

Fitrian oversees IDH programmes in Indonesia and Malaysia and handles high-level engagement. Aris is the 

technical liaison who connects Bumitama’s senior managers and implements units and other partners on the 

ground, including local government representatives.

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

25




Forest Rehabilitation and Restoration

Since our Sustainability Policy launch in 2015, we have 

committed to restoring all non-compliant deforestation or 

conversion across our sites. This has developed into various 

programmes that have been implemented throughout our 

operations.

Our forest rehabilitation programme comprises several stages,  

from identifying rehabilitation areas to preparing and planning 

implementation on the ground. We use various techniques 

matched to different restoration areas. From natural rehabilitation 

through assisted manual reforestation to drone seeding under 

our FlyForest programme.

In Desa Teluk Pulai, Central Kalimantan, Bumitama supported 

local communities in mitigating coastal erosion by rehabilitating 

40 ha of mangrove. In July 2019, the programme resumed 

when we invited local schoolchildren to learn about mangroves 

and their role in a balanced ecosystem. The youngsters also 

planted 500 seedlings for nursery cultivation.

STEPPING UP OUR FIRE PREVENTION MEASURES

Fires pose a significant threat to biodiversity conservation 

efforts, oil palm productivity, the surrounding communities and 

our employees’ health and safety. We focus on early detection, 

quick response and prevention. 

FlyForest: Disseminating Seeds from Above

The manual planting of seedlings is a useful but time-consuming approach to rehabilitation, especially given the size of some 

areas. In December 2020, we began trialling a new technique using remote-controlled drones to disseminate seeds in the 

re-forestation of approximately 800 ha in PT DAS as part of the BBCP programme. This approach allows the rehabilitation 

of inaccessible areas, such as swamp terrains or unsafe areas for humans.

This method combines different types of seeds from local tree species to imitate natural forest cover. It comprises unique 

species that will initially provide a canopy for other trees, food for wildlife, and non-timber forest products (NTFP) for local 

communities. If drone seeding for forest rehabilitation is a success, it will result in a drastic decrease in labour costs in terms 

of time, money and physical labour compared to manual reforestation. 

This large-scale project is the first of its kind in the palm oil industry. We are monitoring its progress, and will share our 

findings with our peers as guidelines for conservation area rehabilitation.

Despite proactive measures, our concessions witnessed 314 

fires in 2019 alone. Most of these fires were caused by extreme 

weather events and our employees and firefighters worked 

tirelessly to bring them under control.

The increase in fires is no longer limited to an El Niño cycle 

and they present reoccurring disastrous effects that require 

a long-term solution. We undertook an extensive study of 

their causation at three of our most impacted concessions: 

PT Gunajaya Karya Gemilang (GKG), PT Damai Agro 

Sejahtera (DAS) and PT Agro Sejahtera Manunggal (ASM). We 

discovered that most were caused by arid vegetation in fire-

prone land or by community land-preparation activities that 

were propelled by winds. The fires consumed vegetation far 

beyond the owner’s land. 



Environment

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

26




Traditional community land-clearing methods persisted in 2020. 

Through our hotspot monitoring and verification system, we 

identified 99 hotspots within and around our concessions, of 

which 95 were within concessions. There were 76 fire incidents 

confirmed inside our concession areas, resulting in 47.8 ha 

of burned land. These were were easier to control due to 

wet weather and none of our plantation area was affected as 

burning was limited to community-owned land, enclaved inside 

our permits. We are working closely with these communities to 

minimise any fire use for land clearing. As part of our new Triple 

Zero Target Programme, we have set targets for zero fires within 

our concessions by 2023.



TOTAL FIRES AND AREA BURNT WITHIN 

CONCESSIONS 2016-2020

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

5

3.3

10.0

13

78.6

314.6

22.0

35.5

35

779.0

47.8

969.5

314

76

In 2020, we took further steps by identifying gaps in our 

processes and implement changes through a holistic fire 

prevention and fire management programme. We have 

reorganised our fire management operational structure and 

appointed a dedicated fire prevention specialist. We are also:

•  

Positioning firefighting teams at estate and central 

command-level to improve agility and response times

•  

Sharing information and conducting patrols with local 

offices to identify potential anomalies

•  

Improving water availability by constructing ponds, wells, 

and water gates

•  

Training new and existing employees on fire management 

with specialists from Manggala Agni, a Ministry of 

Forestry fire unit that specialises in forest fire prevention 

and control

In 2021, we will explore the use of innovative technology to 

assist with fire prevention. Initiatives such as intelligent weather 

stations that provide advanced fire risk analysis, real-time 

hotspot monitoring, and drone surveillance, will enable our 

teams to receive real-time updates of emerging fire risks. This 

advanced readiness will help facilitate quick response times 

and minimise the risk of fires spreading out of control.



BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

27

 Planted area burnt (ha)

 Unplanted area burnt (ha)

 Total fires (no.)


Internal

Internal

Internal

Internal

External

External

External

External

Internal team training 

with Manggala Agni, 

awareness building

Preparedness 

assessment, budgeting

Updating fire 

management structure 

periodically

Research in the field of 

control

Local and regional estate 

management

Estate core-team (small 

fires)

Assistance team from 

estate (moderate fires 

0.5-5ha)

Regional and Regional 

Reserves Teams (5-10ha)

All teams

Security team, fire 

prevention staff, drone 

team

Using andriod 

applications

Covers All estates and 

unplanted areas

PREVENTION

Awareness

Infrastructure 

development

Human resource 

development, equipment 

and funding

Application of science 

and technology

EARLY DETECTION

Patrolling on land, air, 

water

Hotspot monitoring

Fire Danger Rating 

System

FIRE EXTINGUISHING

Pre-extinguishing 

preparedness

Initial extinguishing

Continued extinguishing

Tiered extinguishing

Finishing and controlling

POST-FIRE HANDLING

Rehabilitation

Investigation and 

reporting

Regional management, 

sustainability, invited 

experts and community

Investigation, corrective 

and preventive action

Collaboration with 

Manggala Agni for 

prevention and training

Fire Free Village &amp; 

Masyarakat Peduli Api 

Programme (MPA)

Establishment of MPA 

and Kelompok Tani 

Peduli Api (KTPA)

Research and trial of 

land clearing without 

burning (PLTB)

Contacting MPA and 

local stakeholders 

(Manggala Agni, BPBD, 

Muspika)

Incident reports and 

handling

Assistance from MPA

Assistance from Muspika 

and Manggala Agni

All teams

MPA, info stakeholders

Coordination with village 

leaders (Muspika)

Collaboration with 

companies in the 

landscape

Forest timber seed 

assistance, PLTB

External reporting and 

coordination

DEVELOPMENT 

STAGE

RECOVERY

READINESS 

II-III

READINESS 

I

READINESS 

II

READINESS 

IIII

RESPONSE 

STAGE

PREPAREDNESS 

STAGE

Environment

BUMITAMA FIRE MANAGEMENT FLOW CHART

Partnering with Local Communities to Manage Fire Risks

Local community activities, include traditional burning methods 

to prepare land for planting. This has been identified as the most 

prevalent cause of fires inside and around our concessions.

To encourage systemic change, there is a necessity for 

companies and communities to support each other in 

developing practical alternatives. We engage communities in 

our Fire Free Village programme, continuously consulting and 

educating on the risks of using fire. We reward villages that 

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

28




Pilot Project: Using Wood Vinegar as an Alternative to Fire 

In 2020, we launched a small vegetable farm in the village of Cegolak, West Kalimantan. It was chosen due to the high 

occurrence of hotspots from community land clearing techniques. On this half-hectare plot of land, Bumitama is working 

with The Nature Conservation Agency (Balai Konservasi Sumber Daya Alam [BKSDA]), to show the local community the 

positive aspects of manual land clearing techniques that do not require burning. 

Twigs and branches from the land are distilled in wood vinegar, which is used as a natural fertiliser, substituting the beneficial 

nutrients generated from burning. This showcase area teaches communities the benefits of using alternatives to fire and how 

they can help improve yields. 

Bumitama plans to expand community training with Manggala Agni, a fire unit that specialises in forest fire prevention and 

control. The project will encourage the production of wood vinegar for local and commercial purposes. Simultaneously, 

the manually cleared land will be a training area for best management practices for the growing and harvesting of rice and 

vegetables. We aim for this pilot project to generate local community interest and decrease fires over the coming years. The 

programme will be replicated into other fire-prone areas to encourage more communities to shift away from the use of fire 

in land clearing. 

remain fire-free with in-kind incentives, such as firefighting 

equipment and portable agricultural machinery. We also train 

community members in fire mitigation and seek their help  

in firefighting. 

Recent 2020 provincial regulations in West and Central 

Kalimantan have resulted in a potential setback to our initiative. 

The regulation explicitly endorses the community’s entitlement 

to use fire for land preparation under specific circumstances. 

Regulators continue to limit large-scale forest fires through 

approval processes but do allow burning relating to the 

cultural needs of Indigenous Peoples. While we are respectful 

of the rights of indigenous communities, we have found that 

many communities are usually unaware of the very specific 

dispensations of this law. Under our existing fire programmes, 

Desa Bebas Api and Masyarakat Peduli Api, we have increased 

our partnerships with community leaders, regularly conducting 

joint community outreach sessions and helping to clarify the 

new regulations. Our approach involves informing neighbouring 

landowners of planned fire use, forming fire-breaks, or mobilising 

standby fire extinguishers. While encouraging compliance with 

these regulations, we continue to promote alternative land 

clearing techniques.



BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

29


GREENHOUSE GAS ACCOUNTABILITY

Climate change and fluctuating weather patterns pose a 

significant risk to the livelihoods and safety of communities, 

fragile ecosystems, and agricultural supply chains. Bumitama 

is firmly committed to progressively reducing our greenhouse 

gas (GHG) emissions. 

Our primary source of emissions is land-use change, making up 

35.9% of total, followed by emissions released from palm oil mill 

effluent (POME) at 30.1%. In 2020, our overall net emissions 

from all mills amounted to 1,600,411 tonnes of carbon dioxide 

equivalent (MT CO2e/year).

Our total GHG emissions intensity calculated for all our mills 

was 1.56 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent per tonne of 

crude palm oil produced (MT CO2e/MT CPO). The increase 

from previously reported data can be attributed to the scope 

of our calculation. This has now doubled, to include all of 

our mills and plantation land, inclusive of smallholder supply. 

Implementing our holistic GHG reduction strategy, we have set 

a 30% reduction target in GHG emissions intensity by 2030 

from our 2016 baseline of 1.63 MT CO2e/MT CPO. The 2016 

baseline uses Version 3.0.1 of the PalmGHG calculator, making 

data comparable. 

We currently use Version 4.0 of the RSPO PalmGHG calculator 

to track the progress of all of our mills.

Our long-term plan for reducing GHG emissions comprises:

•  

Avoiding deforestation and any development on peat 

(imbedded in 2015 Sustainability Policy)

•  

Reduction of methane emissions in mills through methane 

capture facilities, composting, belt press and other 

methods of extracting the solids from the mill ponds

•  

Exploration of alternative energy sources such as solar 

panels as a replacement for generator sets or biodiesel

Environment



GHG EMISSIONS INTENSITY 2016-2020 

(MT CO2e/MT CPO)

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

1.63

1.49

1.38

1.56

1.56

GROSS EMISSIONS BY TYPE 2020 (%)

 POME 

30.1%

 Field fuel use 

1.5%

 Land conversion 

35.9%

 CO2 from fertiliser 

6.0%

 N2O from fertiliser 

3.2%

 Mill fuel use  

0.3%

 Peat oxidation 

12.4%

 N2O from peat 

1.7%

 Third party emissions 

9.0%

Note: 2016 to 2019 data is calculated intensity for RSPO-certified mills only, while 2020 is for all 14 mills.

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

30


PEAT AREA PLANTED AND CONSERVED 2018-2020 (ha)

2018

2019

2020

8,089 

3,433

8,089

3,433

8,089

1,540

 Planted

 Conserved

Methane Capture of Palm Oil Mill Effluent (POME) 

Emissions

About 30.1% of our emissions are methane from POME. 

Bumitama aims to reduce these emissions through improving 

waste management at our mills. We have started with the 

construction of biogas facilities that convert methane emanating 

from POME into electricity, which can then be channelled back 

into the local electricity grid. We are on track to complete 

construction of one methane capture facility in Riau for 

commercial operations by 2021 and begin with the construction 

of two in Central Kalimantan in 2022. Similar facilities will 

progressively be developed at our other mills, depending on 

the viability of converting the resulted biogas methane into 

electricity. Bumitama will partner with expert organisations to 

channel the electricity to the grid and operate our facilities. 

Where this is not viable, we will install other devices to treat our 

wastewater, such as belt press solid separation. 

Additional reduction of GHG emissions comes from our 

composting facilities that feed an aerobic process to reduce 

and prevent methane release during organic matter breakdown. 

Bumitama operates 11 composting sites, with another three in 

late stages of construction. In 2020, 10% of our total POME 

produced was fed into these facilities, to produce compost for 

land application. This helped us achieve further reductions in 

GHG due to a decrease in demand for use of chemical fertilisers. 

We are currently assessing the total reduction and will report on 

our progress separately.

Conserving Peat Areas

Bumitama recognises that peat oxidation in existing plantings 

is the source of 13.5% of our emissions. Consequently, we 

are committed to no new planting on peat, to restore peatland 

wherever possible, and to apply best management practices in 

existing plantings. We have 9,629 ha of peat across our land 

bank, of which 8,089 ha is existing plantings (4.3% of our total 

panted area). We have recorded a decrease in conserved peat 

areas, due to a reclassification of existing planted areas to HCV 

category in a recent joint HCV/HCS assessment. 





Note: decrease in conserved peat areas is due to reclassification as HCV, not a 

result of planting activities

As part of the BBCP, we conducted an assessment for 

restoring peatland at PT DAS with the Malaysian NGO Global 

Environment Centre. As part of our strategy to develop a holistic 

water management strategy, Bumitama installed water gates 

that block the existing canals and raise the water levels. We are 

continuously analysing the results over an extended period. In 

the same year, we also reported zero hotspots in PT DAS, an 

area that has been historically prone to fires. 

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

31


INTEGRATED PEST MANAGEMENT AND CHEMICALS

We remain committed to minimising and mitigating the 

environmental impact of chemical pesticides. Bumitama uses 

synthetic pesticides only as a last resort and under the strictest 

of conditions. This may include the use of small amounts of 

rodenticide, insecticide or fungicide to contain a particularly 

aggressive outbreak of pests. We aim to eliminate all highly 

toxic, bioaccumulative and/or persistent pesticides across 

our operations. 

Our Integrated Pest Management Strategy

Our integrated pest management (IPM) strategy prioritises 

the use of natural and mechanical pest reduction solutions 

and encourages biological controls such as beneficial plants, 

pathogens and bacteria. This approach is better for the 

environment and maintains healthy populations of natural 

predators. We also employ manual techniques and mechanical 

traps. To date, our R&amp;D department has successfully developed 

and applied the following solutions to some of our problems:

Environment

Bumitama grows the Trichoderma fungus to mitigate Ganoderma. This is applied to the 

affected plant and surrounding healthy plants to inhibit the development of the disease. 

Trichoderma production uses palm oil fibre waste. In 2020, 3.7 tonnes were produced and 

distributed across all Bumitama plantations.

Bumitama also produces Arbuscular mycorrhizae, which is applied to oil palm plants 

during the seedling phase to increase immunity against Ganoderma. In 2020, 4.1 tonnes 

were produced and distributed across all our plantations

Bumitama routinely plants flora to attract predators and parasitoid natural enemies, as an 

alternative to oil palms. These include eight o’clock flowers (Turnera subulata), bridal tear 

flowers (Antigonon leptopus), and Chinese ketepeng (Cassia cobanensis).

Bumitama has also developed a means of biological control, using Cordyceps militaris. 

This is an entomopathogenic fungus that is the natural enemy of the caterpillar pupa. By 

2020, application of this fungus has helped us control caterpillar pests over 356 ha, thus 

substituting the chemical pesticide.

Bumitama uses barn owls (Tyto alba) to help curb rodent infestation. To help increase the 

owl population, we have built shelters and artificial nests (gupon) across our plantation 

areas. By the end of 2020, we recorded 879 adults, 341 chicks and 297 eggs across our 

operations. 

Consequently, total rodenticide use has decreased drastically since 2018. As of December 

2020, 81.4% of our total planted area is free from rodenticide, increasing from 42.3% from 

2018. Our revised goal is for 85% of our total planted area to be rodenticide-free by 2022.



STRATEGY

ISSUE

Stem rot disease from 

Ganoderma fungus 

Oil palm leaf-eating 

caterpillars causing 

defoliation

Rats attacking oil 

palm plants

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

32


To suppress specific weeds, we are also currently trialling the 

use of Fluroxypyr, a selective herbicide that does not harm 

young palm trees during application.

Monitoring Toxicity and Inorganic Fertiliser

To better understand our chemical footprint, we monitor toxicity 

levels from applied herbicides per planted area. Toxicity levels 

fluctuate due to the cyclical nature of plantings. This occurs 

due to young plants requiring greater amounts of herbicide, 

the sporadic outbreaks of pests, or overly wet conditions from 

precipitation. This method of measuring toxicity enables us to 

monitor the impact of long-term chemical use more accurately. 

Our toxicity use per hectare has increased year-on-year 

since 2016, mostly due to an improvement of recording data 

on usage. Despite this, our toxicity levels fall well within the 

accepted range for the industry. We will conduct an in-depth 

study to assess the recorded increase and implement further 

programmes, such as the application of premium products, to 

minimise chemical use in our operations.

To reduce our reliance on inorganic fertiliser, we have also 

adopted a zero-waste management policy for CPO production. 

Empty Fruit Bunches (EFB) are recycled as ground cover 

material and organic fertiliser, when combined with POME in 

the process of co-composting.

Every Bumitama employee 

that 

handles 

hazardous 

chemicals is given extensive 

safety training. We equip 

each worker with personal 

protective equipment (PPE) 

and 

mandate 

showering 

at the end of each shift. All 

hazardous chemicals are kept 

in locked storage facilities per 

requirements set out by the Indonesian Government and the 

RSPO P&amp;C requirements. We also ensure that pregnant or 

nursing women do not work in or near areas where pesticides 

are used or stored.

81.4%

of total planted 

area is free from 

rodenticide





TOXICITY UNIT PER PLANTED HECTARE 2016-2020 

(toxicity/ha)

INORGANIC FERTILISER USAGE 2016-2020  

(MT/ha)

2016

140

2016

0.89

2017

188

2017

1.01

2018

218

2018

1.05

2019

242

2019

0.94

2020

333

2020

1.00

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

33






WATER USAGE AND QUALITY

Clean and safe water is vital for our employee and local 

community health, wildlife, aquatic ecosystems, and our palm 

oil mills. Therefore, minimising the risk of surface water or 

groundwater contamination from fertiliser misuse or other field 

practices is an absolute priority.

We are exploring ways to determine water risks in and around 

our concessions. Bumitama is currently reviewing our internal 

processes and facilities to determine local river conditions. 

We aim to document and monitor the impact of our activities 

on surface and groundwater quality and availability. The study 

will help identify mitigation strategies and establish long-term 

management plans to benefit stakeholders within and beyond 

our operational boundaries. 

Mill and plantation operations account for most of our water 

usage. River water is extracted for use in processing mills, while 

rainwater is harvested to supply housing areas, communities and 

other operational activities. Rainwater reserved for firefighting 

and other contingencies is stored in ponds constructed near 

our plantations. In 2019, there was a slight increase in mill 

water usage intensity before decreasing to 1.26 cubic meters 

of water for each tonne of FFB processed (m3/MT FFB) in 

2020. This is in line with our peers and industry best practice.  

We will progressively implement programmes to reduce 

our water usage levels in production to 1.2 m3 of water for 

each tonne of FFB processed by 2022. We will also explore 

comprehensive water usage assessments and develop plans 

for its reduction, including at estate housing and offices.

Environment



In 2019, there was a slight increase 

in mill water usage intensity before 

decreasing to 1.26 m3 of water for each 

tonne of FFB processed  

(m3/MT FFB) in 2020. 

“

“

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

34


MILL WATER USAGE INTENSITY 2016-2020 (m3/MT FFB)

BIOLOGICAL OXYGEN DEMANDS LEVEL 2016-2020 (ppm)

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

400

324

310

349

637

4,593

1,653

2,275

1,882

3,899

2016

1.25

2017

1.26

2018

1.28

2019

1.35

2020

1.26

 BOD - low

 BOD - high

Note: The legal threshold is 5,000 ppm.



POME from our mills is collected in ponds where it is treated 

before being applied to land as fertiliser. All nutrients are recycled 

back into the plantation as POME is rich in organic matter.  We 

monitor POME quality considering: chemical oxygen demand 

(COD), biological oxygen demand (BOD), ammoniac nitrogen 

content, nitrate content, pH, total dissolved solids and total 

suspended solids. BOD levels are strictly managed and kept 

below regulatory thresholds of 5,000 parts per million (PPM) on 

outlets to land application. 

We have an ongoing programme to research the optimal 

use of POME for land application to reduce our reliance on 

inorganic fertiliser. Based on the available knowledge, the 

BOD-rich POME has the potential to replace between 50% to 

75% of inorganic urea in our planted areas. Besides applying 

treated POME to our palms, 10% of our total untreated 

POME is directly diverted to co-composting sites where it is 

mixed together with the EFB. This reduces total emissions 

by replacing more than 50% of the required application of 

potassium chloride and urea and is a natural fertiliser that 

improves soil quality as well as increases yield.

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

35


People

Bumitama would not be the company we are without the 

people who live and work in and around our operations.  

We always strive to ensure we meet the needs of our 

employees, their families and seek to improve the livelihoods  

of the local communities.

RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS PRACTICE DURING COVID-19

In early 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic rapidly spread 

worldwide, threatening human health, local livelihoods and the 

global economy. Although urban areas in Indonesia were initially 

hit the hardest because of high mobility and greater population 

density, rural communities are increasingly vulnerable with 

limited healthcare provision and a general lack of awareness of 

appropriate prevention protocols. 

As a responsible employer and active partner of the local 

communities, Bumitama has taken proactive steps ahead 

of the government to protect the health and safety of our 

employees. In early March 2020, we launched the Bumitama 

Business Continuity and Crisis Management Plan. Intended 

to prevent the virus from spreading around our estates 

while ensuring minimal disruption to day-to-day business 

operations, the plan set out emergency policies, established 

crisis management centres, and prevention measures for our 

operations and surrounding areas. 

As the pandemic developed, we realised that it is not a one-off 

threat, but a long-term challenge where preparedness is vital. 

Consequently, our protocols will remain in place to allow us to 

remain prepared and adaptive. Bumitama will be cognisant of 

the possibility of future pandemics and will act accordingly to 

increase education and knowledge sharing. 

COMMUNITY LAND RIGHTS AND PARTNERSHIPS

Integrating our operations through partnerships with local 

communities is crucial to the way we operate. With 112 

villages surrounding our operations, we build on the principles 

of inclusion and adopt a participatory approach in managing 

land and natural resources. In our engagements, we are 

guided by the principles of Free, Prior and Informed Consent 

(FPIC) and conduct social impact assessments before all new 

developments. We are committed to respecting and upholding 

the rights of all Indigenous and local communities, including 

their legal and customary land tenure rights.4 Our commitment 

extends beyond FPIC principles.

During 2019 and 2020, we re-assessed the social impact of our 

operations on 50 surrounding villages. This comes after the first 

social impact assessment which took place from 2011 to 2013 

for 87 villages. We aim to understand the impact of our policies, 

programmes and partnerships on community and employee 

livelihoods beyond the outcomes from the FPIC processes. 

Recommendations collected from the re-assessments help 

us improve our social-related policies and allow us to develop 

tailored programmes to address the identified issues. 







4  In accordance with the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples and International Labour Organization Conventions, specifically no. 169.

We will apply our findings to our current operations and will 

specifically address the dust from our operations. We are also 

always researching new methods to enhance our efficiency, 

to ensure our productivity is not limited to the availability of 

farm land.

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

36


MAIN FINDINGS FROM THE SOCIAL IMPACT RE-ASSESSMENT

POSITIVE IMPACTS

NEGATIVE IMPACTS

Economic development and productivity initiatives

•  

Improved local trade opportunities 

•  

Increased advantageous opportunities for local businesses and 

contractors

•  

Higher-income from land acquisition

•  

Greater local employment opportunities

•  

Steady income for smallholders under the plasma programme

•  

Improved smallholder plantation yields

•  

Overall community welfare improvement 

•  

Communities are becoming over 

dependent on Bumitama’s operations 

to support their livelihoods 

•  

Communities experience dust from 

Bumitama operations

•  

A decrease in the availability of 

farming land

CSR programmes and infrastructure development

•  

New and improved infrastructure, health facilities and other public 

facilities

•  

Increased access and availability of educational facilities 

Bumitama is committed to providing business and work 

opportunities for local communities by employing workers 

from areas surrounding our operations. About 50% of mill and 

estate employees are local to the regions in which we operate, 

while the remaining are migrant employees from other areas 

of Indonesia.

We strive to provide the local communities with tangible and 

long-term benefits from our partnerships. As of 2020, 24 

communities participate in 40 ongoing community development 

programmes. Our programmes support a range of services 

including: medical care, childcare, education, food security 

programmes, religious activities, sports competitions, and 

group activities. We also provide incentives for communities 

to support and engage in the protection, restoration, and co-

management of our conservation areas. 

Our community programmes align with our conservation 

work by engaging local communities in alternative livelihood 

programmes that do not result in forest encroachment and/or 

fires. We actively support economic development from initiatives 

such as non-timber forest products (NTFP) or eco-tourism. 

Examples of NTFP include successful trials of edible bird nest 

cultivation, honey from stingless bees, and an exploration of 

local forest resources with apparent market demand. Constant 

engagement and an inclusive approach to land-use planning 

reduces the risk of conflict and ensures that communities are 

given an opportunity to influence decisions.

CSR EXPENDITURE 2020 (%)

 Schools and childcare 

78.8%

 Social &amp; cultural activities 

8.7%

 Infrastructure 

2.8%

 Health (including company clinics) 3.8%

 Synergic community relations 

0.2%

 Local business development  

4.3%

 Other 

1.4%

Total: 

IDR 24.14 billion



Note: Synergic community relations refers to projects undertaken in collaboration 

with local authorities, law enforcement, etc.

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

37






Through participative village-level land-use planning (VLLP), initially conducted in 2017, we have explored conservation area 

connectivity throughout the Region of Ketapang. Working with our partners and communities, we identified potential livelihood 

improvements from sustainable land use and forest rehabilitation programmes.

This collaborative spatial land-use assessment identified several issues of concern. Due to government land-zoning allocation, 

the availability of non-forest land in the village is insufficient – leaving only small areas for livelihoods or food sources. Traditional 

land-use practices exacerbated this situation through dangerous and ineffective burning for land preparation, poor quality 

seeds, cultivation shifts and unsuitable management practices that result in low yields and an insufficient food source. 

This programme would connect our BBCP programme, the Governors’ Green Growth plan and the Ketapang’s Regent PPI 

Compact. The aim is to reduce deforestation and fire occurrences while promoting sustainable livelihoods and the diversification 

of income by generating marketable products sourced from the NTFP in the protected area.

Intensive engagement with our partners and relevant stakeholders has culminated in two 35-year social forestry licences being 

awarded by the Ministry of Environment and Forestry to the villages of Sungai Melayu and Simpang Tiga Sembelangaan (STS). 

Communities set up the village forest management units to develop and execute their forest management plans, applying 

shared responsibility and commitment under the Company-Community Co-Management agreements.

People





LONG-TERM SOLUTIONS FOR LONG-TERM CHALLENGES: 35-YEAR SOCIAL FORESTRY PROGRAMMES 





BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

38






In 2020, the first year of our programme, several business units 

were established to create benefits from the social forest areas, 

such as drinking water, freshwater fish farms, chilli pepper 

and forest fruit cultivation, candlenuts, and bean products. 

The programme will be further strengthened by restoration 

groups planting indigenous tree species in designated forest 

rehabilitation areas.

To help the communities enforce the social forestry permit 

requirements on community-managed state-owned forest land, 

Bumitama will support participating communities through:

•  

Setting up management governance and providing 

administrative guidance to ensure smooth operations

•  

Training in the application of business models and an 

introduction to credit and funding facilities

•  

Fire prevention equipment, training, and outreach

•  

Product market access and contracts with off-takers

•  

Equipment and seedlings for the rehabilitation of forest 

areas

•  

Capacity building and mentoring to achieve independence 

after the fifteenth year of the programme



The social forestry partnerships with our communities present 

the next chapter of our operations management, establishing 

a closer connection with the surrounding landscapes and its 

stakeholders. Through these long-term partnerships we will 

develop stronger relationships with our communities, better 

plan socio-economic development for contribution to alleviating poverty and social injustice, and develop sustainable 

forest management practices. In conjunction with our existing independent smallholder programme, the social forestry 

collaboration has the potential to reduce deforestation rates in the wider region and increase production yields of existing 

smallholder plantations. 

Social forestry programmes promote regional multilevel, multi-stakeholder and cross-sector collaboration and deliver solutions 

to address more significant issues and provide expanded benefits to the involved parties. We are optimistic that the principles 

of our co-management partnerships will be adopted to build scalable solutions that could be used to address many future 

challenges in developing a sustainable jurisdiction on PPI Compact principles.

Addressing Carbon and Biodiversity Through Social Forestry

In 2019, Earthqualizer conducted a carbon assessment and biodiversity identification in five villages with social forestry potential 

around Bumitama concessions, including the villages of Simpang Tiga Sembelangaan and Sungai Melayu. The forest area in 

these villages is home to various flora and fauna species, some of which the IUCN Red List categorises as rare, threatened and 

endangered species. Through our co-management agreements, we are working with local communities to protect and improve 

these habitats, specifically through programmes that focus on limiting deforestation and fires. The amount of carbon stored 

in the existing forests will be used as a baseline. Linking it with the current deforestation trends, it will allow us to calculate the 

estimated carbon emissions from avoided deforestation and forest restoration over the next 35 years. The resulted carbon 

offsets have the potential to be monetised for additional funding for programme and encourage the communities to protect the 

forests from deforestation and fires.



BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

39


Stakeholder commentary by Adriani Zakaria, Chairman | Devis Rachmawan, Landscape Project Manager |  

Eka Kurnia, Senior Landuse Mapping Officer, Earthqualizer (EQ)

Working with the biggest concession holder in Ketapang, Earthqualizer’s partnership with Bumitama is strategic in bringing 

the most benefits to communities. The social forestry programme is a clear example of how important it is for companies 

and communities to work together and co-manage areas through village land-use plans. The co-management is also about 

knowledge sharing between the community and company. Through this potential partnership, we can achieve some of our 

objectives to promote equality of forests and land tenure by legalising access to state forests in social forestry schemes. 

Bumitama’s social forestry support programme aligns with RSPO guidelines for NDPE recovery plans and implementation 

in line with the RSPO guiding principle on long-lasting additionality. However, we find it also adds a locality aspect through 

the dedicated approach with the surrounding communities.

Moving forward, there is a need to develop a recovery plan to support the long-term co-management agreement with these 

villages. This is especially important when recovery efforts are replicated or used as a model for other companies. It is also 

imperative that employers have adequate capacity to focus on the recovery commitments. This will accelerate innovation 

for the future transformation of Bumitama’s role in the palm oil industry.

We believe that Bumitama is a sustainability champion. There is a strong commitment to sustainability at the senior level, 

and at site level Bumitama employees have demonstrated serious resolve in the programmes they implemented. However, 

to ensure the success of this support programme, there could be greater communication efforts for understanding the 

group’s sustainability commitments and transforming the capabilities and capacity of their on-the-ground employees to see 

them through. The social forestry work provides a unique opportunity for Bumitama’s people to expand their horizons and 

understand what it means to go beyond conservation and bring something more meaningful to communities by helping to 

legalise their land.

We commend Bumitama’s social forestry approach as this is unique to the industry and can be regarded as a breakthrough 

in the absence of clarity in what it means to transform the palm oil industry. This is a commitment to a CSR programme that 

is more advanced than ever, by balancing biodiversity protection and community economic improvement while supporting 

the targets of the central government for legalising access through social forestry schemes. The programme will address 

issues related to alternative incomes for communities and also ensure the involvement of women. Bumitama remains a 

company that focuses on transforming the sustainability of the palm oil industry, both now and in the future.

About:

Bumitama is Earthqualizer’s trusted partner in the Ketapang landscape (formerly through Aidenvironment). 

The parties work together to implement recovery plans within the area, focusing on conservation, sustainable 

production, and working with different commodities in different communities. Working with the local 

communities, Bumitama and EQ engage in long-term co-management programmes of village forest areas 

under the social forestry scheme. 





People

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

40


Social Resilience Index

Education

Health

Social capital

Settlement

Economic Resilience Index

Diversity of community production

Access to trade centres and market

Access to logistics

Access to banking and credit

Regional openess

Ecological/Environmental Resilience 

Index

Environment quality

Natural disasters

Disaster response

Overview of the IDM Assessment Indicators:

Status of Bumitama’s 112 Ring Villages

We analysed the ranking of 112 villages directly adjacent to 

our operations, referred to as our ‘first ring’, comparing their 

scores in 2020 to 2016. Only one of the villages was considered 

advanced (rank 4) in 2016, and none were categorised as 

independent (rank 5). Today, ten villages have been classified 

as independent, with 15 as advanced and 54 as developing 

(rank 3). We are exploring ways to engage with the remaining 

33 to help them become more self-reliant.

To internally measure their progress, we used an average of 

the ranking numerical score. In 2016, our villages scored an 

average of 1.72. In 2020, the same villages improved by 70% to 

2.94. Most notable is the progress in West Kalimantan, where 

the average score rose from 1.66 to 3.30. Although our support 

cannot be seen in isolation compared to village stakeholder 

initiatives, this method helps demonstrate the positive impact 

our programmes have on local communities.

AVERAGE SCORES FOR EACH REGION 2016 VS 2020

Region

No. of 

villages

2016

2020

West Kalimantan

53

1.66

3.30

Central Kalimantan

52

1.69

2.54

Riau

7

2.43

3.14

Total

112

1.72

2.94

Note: A score of 1–5 is awarded for each tier, with 1 for tertinggal and 5 for mandiri 

villages. An average is then calculated. 

IDM RANKING OF BUMITAMA RING VILLAGES 

2016 VS 2020 (no.)

Mandiri – 

Independent

Maju – 

Advanced

Berkembang – 

Developing

Tertinggal – 

Lagging

Sangat 

Tertinggal – 

Undeveloped 

10

54

0

11

15

24

56

9

44

1

 2020

 2016

The village of Sungai Melayu in Ketapang is an excellent 

example of growth. The local community’s receptive attitude 

towards our programmes, combined with the tenacity of village 

government officials, has propelled their score from lagging (2) 

to independent (5) in just four years. We are also planning to 

support other villages across the different development levels 

to raise their environmental, social and economic wellbeing and 

achieve a higher score in the process.

IMPROVING THE DEVELOPMENT STATUS OF 

SURROUNDING VILLAGES

While we seek to benefit our surrounding communities, we 

must ensure they do not become overly dependent on our 

company and resources. This was an issue identified in our SIA 

re-assessment. As our operations mature, we need to ensure 

that the local communities evolve into thriving, independent 

villages. In 2016, the Indonesian Government developed the 

Indeks Desa Membangun (IDM) (the Village Development 

Index). These indicators measure the economic, social and 

environmental development of communities across Indonesia. 

The yearly ranking allows us to understand how the villages 

respond to our programmes and how we can design plans to 

counteract identified shortcomings 

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

41




CHILDREN’S RIGHTS AND EDUCATION

A key priority for Bumitama is to support children in our 

community. 78.8% of our CSR budget is allocated to ensure 

high levels of care and education.

The Bumitama Foundation operates 38 Bumitama schools 

and provides education to almost 5,300 enrolled students. 

We also have 124 childcare centres caring for over 2,000 pre-

school age children. About 60% of students are children of 

Bumitama employees, while the remaining are children from 

the surrounding communities. Our teachers are trained to 

understand and accommodate the requirements of all students, 

including those with disabilities. In 2019, there were four children 

with disabilities attending our schooling programmes. While two 

students are still in secondary school, the eldest of the four has 

enrolled in a Bumitama apprenticeship programme and intends 

to be a future employee.

Bumitama participate in the Adiwiyata Initiative, a programme 

introduced by the Indonesian Education and Environment 

ministries in 2006. The programme’s aim is to develop 

environmental consciousness through school that will carry 

through to adulthood. In 2020, five of our schools teaching 

green and sustainable education were recognised at district 

level, while another six were awarded at provincial level, and two 

at the national level. A total of 13 Bumitama schools received 

this accolade. This puts us in an excellent position to reach 

our goal of recognition for twelve Bumitama schools and three 

external schools we partner with at district-level. In the longer 

outlook of 2025, we aim to have 50% of our schools recognised 

at the national level.

We have also been focused on supporting high-achieving 

students. In 2020, one of Bumitama’s schools, SMPN1 

Sungai Melayu Rayak, won first place for a scientific writing 

competition organised by the regional government’s research 

and development agency (Balitbangda). 

Maintaining Access to Education during COVID-19

School closures caused by the pandemic have negatively impacted children’s education and social and physical development. 

To minimise these effects, Bumitama has adopted alternative options for students to ensure that children continue their 

development. 

Replacement measures and facilities have been rolled out to allow students to continue their studies from home. Our teachers 

have used online platforms, such as WhatsApp, Google Hangouts or Zoom, to provide material, monitor attendance, and 

track homework submission.

For those without Internet access, school employees physically visit students’ homes to provide and collect classwork 

material, while ensuring that proper COVID-19 protocols are observed. This has also been a way of supporting parents in 

keeping their children on track.

During 2020, our schools enrolled 1,566 children, ranging from kindergarten to junior-high level. We have adapted our 

enrolment systems in three ways to maximise admissions:

•  

A parallel system: upon graduation, principals help with registration for the next school

•  

An online system: telephone and mobile messaging for those with Internet access

•  

An offline system: through our estate offices, which then forward the child’s application to the relevant school

Strict measures were also adhered to during student graduations. Out of 38 Bumitama Foundation schools, all 1,192 

students successfully graduated despite not being physically present at school during their final year. Online graduation 

ceremonies were conducted for those with Internet access. For those remaining students, teachers and Bumitama school 

administrators delivered certificates to the children’s homes.

Recognising the trust our schools have earned from the local communities, we will continue to adapt and implement 

measures to prioritise access to education for all children in and around our operations.

People

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

42




Providing Nutritious Food for Children in the Community

Our doctors, clinics and CSR teams work with the Indonesian 

Family Welfare Movement (Pemberdayaan Kesejahteraan 

Keluarga) to ensure that pre-school and young children are 

provided sufficient nutrition and balanced diets. We help 

supplement their diet with vitamins, wheat snacks and locally-

sourced whole foods such as honey, green bean porridge  

and eggs.

In 2020, the Bumitama Foundation began working with regional 

doctors on a programme designed to monitor and support 

child development. From April to August 2020, 13 children were 

monitored and provided with a balanced and nutritious diet. As 

of September 2020, 11 of these children were no longer at risk 

of hindered development from their diet, while the remaining 

two are receiving special assistance to address the problem 

further. We aim for our programme to allow these, and in the 

future many more children to benefit from a healthy lifestyle.

FOOD SECURITY AND COMMUNITY FARMING

To provide fresh and healthy food for our workers, we have 

developed food source areas in our West and Central Kalimantan 

operations. As the pandemic has disrupted fresh produce 

supply chains, Bumitama has sequestered idle company land 

and converted inactive estate nurseries into vegetable, poultry, 

and fish farms. We have allocated 58 ha for vegetable farming, 

and helped build - 256 ponds for fish, so that our employees will 

have access to fresh and nutritious food during the pandemic. 

This covers employees in 76 farming groups across all areas of 

operation. This has been an important source of nutrition for our 

employees – particularly during the pandemic. The CSR team 

distributed the harvested crops, fresh meat and eggs to our 

employees to ensure their diet is well balanced and supports a 

healthy immune system.

Under our regular programme, Bumitama supports a range 

of local community livelihood and food security programmes. 

At our Central Kalimantan operations, we have a centre that 

employs a ‘show and replicate’ system for communities and 

workers for programmes such as small-scale poultry farming or 

rice and maize cultivation. A similar site around 20 ha has been 

established as part of the Bumitama Biodiversity Conservation 

Programme. In addition to growing fruit trees and organic 

produce, the areas function as demonstration pilots and training 

facilities for our employees and the surrounding communities. 

The participants can manage land, and harvest produce in 

interactive training on alternative livelihoods such as developing 

small-scale agriculture and integrated natural farming methods. 

Poultry Farming as an Alternative Source of Income

Bumitama continuously seeks ways of helping our communities 

to generate sustainable income streams. Many of their 

livelihoods depend on a single commodity such as rubber or 

palm that are at risk of volatile prices. One such initiative was 

undertaken by PT Karya Makmur Bahagia where they partnered 

with the nearby village of Rantau Tampang to establish poultry 

farms that raise organic chickens for sale and consumption. 

Our Mentaya Region partner organic chicken cultivation group 

has been operating since November 2017, raising natural 

chicken without the use of synthetic chemicals. Their feed 

comes from organic vegetables, and the bran is from organic 

rice grains. Apart from providing additional sources of income, 

we hope that the chicken cultivation developed with the 

Rantau Tampang villagers can be an economic empowerment 

initiative that will increase local food security and be replicated 

by other villages.





Under our regular programme, 

Bumitama supports a range 

of local community livelihood 

and food security programmes. 

At our Central Kalimantan 

operations, we have a centre that 

employs a ‘show and replicate’ 

system for communities and 

workers for programmes such as 

small-scale poultry farming or 

rice and maize cultivation.

“

“

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

43


OUR EMPLOYEES

Bumitama employs more than 31,000 people across Central 

Kalimantan, West Kalimantan and Riau. Their safety, job 

satisfaction, and productivity is our utmost priority. We are 

guided by the employment rights set out in local laws and 

regulations, while we adhere to the International Labour 

Organization (ILO) core conventions and principles of the 

Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Our Human Resource 

management team understands that fair and competitive 

conditions for all our employees create a positive relationship 

between employers and employees. This also leads to higher 

motivation and employee engagement. 

WAGES AND BENEFITS

All Bumitama workers receive employment contracts and are 

paid above the local minimum wage. Our permanent employees 

are provided additional benefits such as free accommodation, 

clean running water, rice, electricity, healthcare, education, 

and holiday bonuses. These are contractual benefits and 

form part of their terms of employment. Piece-rate work 

completed by harvesters, for example, is clearly identified on  

individual payslips. 

Despite the economic challenges faced by many due to 

the ongoing pandemic, salaries and wages for Bumitama 

employees and workers were maintained, and additional  

in-kind compensation continued to be provided.

EMPLOYEES BY CATEGORY 2020 (no., %)

 Management 

 Staff 

 Workers 

1,164, 4%

227, 1%

WORKERS BY REGION AND GENDER 2020 (no.)

Central Kalimantan

West Kalimantan

Riau

12,538

5,041

17,579

11,793

660

8,412

3,381

536

124

 Male

 Female





People

30,032, 95%

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

44




EMPLOYEES BY CONTRACT TYPE 2016-2020 (no.)

 Permanent

 Temporary

WAGES AND BONUSES FOR A DECENT LIVING OF OUR EMPLOYEES

In 2020, we carried out sample gap analyses between Bumitama’s minimum wage in three provinces and in-kind benefits 

against the RSPO Guidance for Implementing a Decent Living Wage (DLW) released in June 2019. The aim was to benchmark 

the wages and in-kind benefits paid and provided to our workers and their families. 

DLW vs Bumitama wages and in-kind benefits for workers with families 2020 (IDR) 

Riau

Central Kalimantan

West Kalimantan

Provincial minimum wage

2,888,563

2,890,093

2,399,698

Calculated DLW

(food cost + housing cost + NFNH cost)

2,838,685

2,614,623

2,981,450

Total employees’ wages and  

value of benefits  

(including rice allowances)

3,321,875

3,254,071

3,127,625

Difference (IDR)

(+) 483,190

(+) 639,448

(+) 146,175

Difference (%)

(+) 17%

(+) 24%

(+) 5%

Note: DLW covers all costs related to food, housing, and non-food non-housing (NFNH) such as clothing, transportation, education, healthcare and personal hygiene

From the gap analyses it was established that our employees with families receive salaries that meet the minimum legal 

requirements and are considered to fulfil the decent living wage requirements. Even when the 2.5% average inflation rate 

for Indonesia (across 2019 and 2020) is taken into consideration, our salaries were still above the legal requirements.  

The same was calculated for employees without families, which also satisfied the DLW terms. 

It has been a long-term objective for Bumitama to reduce the 

proportion of workers on temporary contracts. We believe 

permanent employees form a more productive workforce 

and provide job security to our employees. Since 2014, we 

have made significant progress: currently, only 3.1% of our 

employees are on temporary contracts for seasonal tasks, 

compared to 29.4% in 2016. These temporary workers are 

entitled to some health insurance benefits (BPJS – government 

covered insurance), such as work accident insurance and 

healthcare centre access. 

Workers also enjoy annual leave and maternity leave provisions 

per Indonesian government regulations. The minimum wage 

rate is based on the governor’s decree resulting from a tripartite 

(government–workers 

association–business 

association) 

discussion and agreement. Contracts are provided in Bahasa 

Indonesia, employees must sign and indicate they fully 

understand their rights before beginning employment. 

Over the past two years, we invested in the rebuilding and 

upgrading of our plantation workers’ housing facilities. It is 

one of our priorities to continue improving employee living 

standards, while providing them with skills training and career 

development opportunities to increase their earning potential.

MINIMUM WAGE BY REGION 2020 (million IDR)

(and ratio exceeding mandatory wage)

2.890

2.400

2.889

3.012

2.897

3.041

 Provincial government mandated minimum wage

 Bumitama minimum wage

Central Kalimantan (1.04)

West Kalimantan (1.21)

Riau (1.05)

2016

19,184

7,984

27,168

2017

28,696

3,090

31,786

2018

1,651

32,610

30,959

2019

1,338

32,111

30,773

2020

981

31,423

30,442

Note: 2016 data for permanent employees restated.

Note: IDR rounded to nearest thousand

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

45


People

HEALTH AND SAFETY

The health and safety of all Bumitama’s employees has always 

been a major priority across our operations – especially 

during the current pandemic. We have remained vigilant and 

implemented measures to keep our employees safe and 

minimise the risk of infection. 

Bumitama operates 12 central clinics and 40 branch clinics spread 

across our operations. These centres are conveniently located 

for all our workers, dependents and community members. 

Throughout 2019 and 2020, we have continued our focus on 

improving safety. To do so, we have:

•  

Conducted 

training 

and 

increased 

competency 

for specialised, high-risk jobs that require special 

government licences. Examples of such roles include; 

welders, pressure vessel operators at steriliser and boiler 

facilities, heavy equipment and lift operators, medical 

personnel, general environmental health and safety 

(EHS) experts, and civil engineers for infrastructure and  

construction work

•  

Periodically monitored and evaluated EHS targets

•  

Coordinated virtual meetings between head office 

and operational sites to get direct feedback from local 

management and updates on accident rates, health 

and safety programmes, and the implementation 

of programmes 

Reducing LTIR and Frequency Rates Through Dedicated 

Programmes

In 2020, we recorded 47.7 injuries per one million working hours 

(lost time incident rate [LTIR]), and an average of 75.6 days lost 

due to injuries per one million working hours (severity rate) –  

a concerning increase over previous years. However, 

discussions with teams on the ground, suggest that the 

increase may be due to increased employee awareness of how 

accidents are recorded. Comprehensive data has given us a 

deeper understanding of the type of conditions where accidents 

are likely to happen, and the most common accident types. 

Results have shown that harvesters have the most frequent 

accidents – amounting to 70–75% of all accidents. To address 

this, we have created a peer-model training programme. We 

pair highly productive harvesters with harvest trainers with high 

levels of safety accountability. Consequently, checks on PPE 

usage and the reporting of unsafe acts and conditions through 

a smartphone application have increased. 

We also note of high lost time incident rate from road accidents 

occuring in our plantations. We have collaborated with external 

vendors, such as Mitsubishi, to conduct training on safe driving. 

Due to the pandemic, training is currently taking place online, 

instead of in-person.

Our analysis shows that we have effective policies but need 

to develop compliance. Therefore, we have prepared a 

holistic programme for 2021–2025 called Triple Zero Target 

Programme, with annual stepwise reduction targets towards 

zero fatalities, zero environmental incidents and zero fires. We 

aim for this initiative to reduce lost time incident and frequency 

rates by 75% by 2025. 

See page 18 for the Triple Zero Target Programme stepwise 

targets.

Fatalities

We are saddened to report the following fatalities in 2019 and 

2020: there were two from traffic accidents; one from drowning 

at our plantation; one as a result of being hit by debris from 

a refuse vehicle; one from an accident while pruning palm 

fronds; one from a fall at one of our mills; and one during  

car maintenance.

ACCIDENTS 2016-2020

17.4

9.7

45.6

21.3

45.0

25.2

39.9

30.9

75.6

47.7

 Severity rate

 Lost time incident rate

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

FATALITIES 2016-2020 (no.)

 Mill accidents - fall from heights

 Mill accidents - machinery

 Traffic accidents

 Others

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

1

1

1

1

1

4

2

2

2

4

2

3

2

2

Notes:

• 

Lost time incident rate: recordable injuries x 1,000,000 / total working hours

• 

Severity rate: total days lost x 1,000,000 / total working hours

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

46


We take every fatality seriously. The causes of each incident 

are determined, our facilities are thoroughly checked for any 

malfunctions, and corrective actions are taken to minimise the 

likelihood of future occurrences.

Promoting Health and Safety Reporting Through a Public 

Awareness Programme 

Bumitama has introduced a smartphone application to 

more efficiently report on health and safety conditions at 

the workplace. The application aims to increase awareness 

and address employee concerns regarding any dangerous 

conditions our employees might encounter, whether at the 

workplace, at home or on the road.





Programme

Action Plan

Progress

Standards and 

Procedures

SOP review and update. Check compliance with new regulations and 

standards

Ongoing with the help of an 

external consultant

System

Continue to fully implement 5R in mills and plantations  

(following the Japanese 5S approach of sort, set in order, shine, 

standardise and sustain)

Ongoing

Training Health and 

Safety

Evaluation of environment, health and safety (EHS) operator permits 

(boiler, electricity, heavy vehicle and transportation, medical practitioner, 

certified first aider, and health and safety expert)

Ongoing

Training and certification for operators (Surat Ijin Operator)

Ongoing

EHS training for EHS officer

Completed in 2020

Annual fire management training

Completed in 2020

Review and 

Monitoring 

Implementation

A workplace health and safety audit has been completed by quality 

control (plantation and mill). The sustainability department will conduct 

a H&amp;S audit integrated with RSPO and ISPO certification, regularly 

inspected by a H&amp;S officer

Ongoing, in collaboration 

with internal audit 

department providing 

assurance

Health and Safety 

Infrastructure

Availability and readiness of safety tools at each unit safety (such as a 

poisonous gas measurement unit)

Implemented at all mills: gas 

detectors, thermal gun, lux 

meter, sound level meter

The platform made it easy for employees to provide constructive 

feedback, thereby improving workplace safety. Bumitama 

received a significant number of enthusiastic reports from 

participants, including some from areas outside of smartphone 

signal availability. We received 85 reports within the first ten 

days – 54% related to unsafe conditions and 46% associated 

with dangerous acts carried out by employees, contractors or 

road users. Management promptly addressed the complaints 

and followed up with reprimands, danger warnings and, on 

some occasions, direct repairs at mills, plantations or housing 

units. We hope to roll out this programme permanently and on 

a broader scale, to be available to all our employees. 

ACTION PLAN PROGRESS 

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

47


FREEDOM OF ASSOCIATION

Bumitama respects the right of all our employees to join and 

form associations of their choice and to engage in collective 

bargaining. Approximately 1,800 employees are members 

of trade unions, while others are part of bipartite cooperation 

institutions (LKS Bipartite). LKS Bipartite representation is 

available at each Bumitama unit. Through union and bipartite 

representatives, forums and meetings are held to communicate 

and consult on matters such as wages, benefits and leave. 

Workers’ unions and LKS bipartite forums are accessible 

across all our operations, and union representatives meet with 

management regularly. We do not interfere in the workings 

or structure of either. Over the past two years, we have not 

experienced labour disputes or industrial actions.

BONDED LABOUR AND MIGRANT WORKERS

It is our core belief that workers must be entitled to freedom of 

employment and movement. Work must be voluntary, and all 

forms of bonded, indentured or prison labour are prohibited. 

We have not identified such forms of labour as a risk to our 

operations. We do not employ foreign or migrant workers. A 

local workforce is hired directly by our operations, but in some 

instances, we use external agencies to recruit employees from 

other regions in Indonesia. All agents commit to our stated 

prohibitions through signed contracts. We do not withhold 

personal documents or any other form of collateral that inhibits 

the free movement of workers. 

CHILD LABOUR

Child labour has long been recognised as a major industry 

concern, and the Government of Indonesia has established a 

robust legal and policy framework to mitigate this. In addition 

to complying with national regulations, Bumitama enforces a 

strict ban on hiring employees below 18 years of age whether 

in permanent or temporary positions. We explicitly prohibit 

employees from bringing children to the field and continue 

raising awareness about the associated risks, especially 

during high crop seasons. We provide our employees’ 

children with quality daycare and schooling during working 

hours, and we monitor attendance and investigate if children 

are routinely absent. 

In 2017 we began work on a programme to assess and 

improve the rights of children and women at two of our pilot 

sites. These pilots are being used to establish a benchmark to 

compare practices across our other plantations and with other 

industry players. This programme has been created under the 

auspices of Indonesia’s Ministry of Women’s Empowerment 

and Children’s Protection, RSPO, and a global organisation 

that promotes children’s rights. In 2020, we began scoping and 

reviewing our social policies and will include outcomes based 

on these findings. We aim to launch a new policy or integrate 

this within our revised Sustainability Policy in 2021 or 2022.

NON-DISCRIMINATION

Bumitama has a zero-tolerance policy on gender discrimination 

and sexual harassment. We operate an anonymous sexual 

harassment reporting mechanism and scrutinise every report 

received. Although we recognise that the oil palm industry is 

traditionally male-dominated, we strive to promote gender 

equality. We support the inclusion of women across all our 

operations and are exploring ways to achieve a more gender-

balanced workforce. As of December 2020, women make up 

27.6% of our workforce. Of the total 8,663 women employed, 

13 hold managerial positions. Since June 2017, we have had 

one female member on our Board of Directors, who is also our 

department head for investor relations. All women are paid 

the same as their male counterparts, according to their level 

of employment.

Dedicated gender committees have been organised for each 

of our estates. These bodies champion head office and on-site 

gender-related initiatives. Part of their role is to ensure fair and 

equitable treatment of women, while observing and protecting 

reproductive rights.

In March 2019, we established two pilot sites with breastfeeding 

facilities and introduced eight more facilities later that year. As 

of December 2020, we have 19 facilities at five certified units 

across our Group and our head office in Jakarta. We aim for the 

facilities to be companywide by 2023. 

People

GENDER DISTRIBUTION 2016-2020 (%)

27.3%

12.1%

27.2%

10.5%

5.3%

4.8%

27.4%

10.5%

5.0%

27.7%

10.5%

5.3%

5.7%

28.5%

8.9%

 Female workers

 Female staff

 Female management

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020



BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

48


EMPLOYEE DEVELOPMENT AND RETENTION

As the palm oil sector continues to grow throughout the 

region, it is crucial that Bumitama is well regarded in the 

industry. There has been a decrease in turnover from 2018 

levels, from 34.1% to 31.8%, thanks to our workplace benefits 

and employee programmes. 

 

TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT 

Bumitama continues to focus on employee growth through 

training and development programmes. We offer our employees 

three levels of training:

•  

An introductory programme for all employees that aims to 

increase competencies (including performance coaching)

•  

Specific development programmes that aim to fill 

competency gaps within an individual specialisation

•  

Workshops and meetings to keep employees abreast of 

crucial developments

Our training centres build on employees’ proficiency in 

agronomy, mill operation, and administration. Our training 

aligns with the company’s corporate identity, emerging best 

management practices, and standard operational practices. 

The training modules also cover company values, attitudes, 

and competencies, and is now publicised through our learning 

centres. We have continued to run tailored training sessions for 

different employee groups, with over 2,600 employees having 

benefitted to date.

Bumitama Corporate University

In 2018, the Bumitama Academy was remodelled into the 

Bumitama Corporate University. The University’s purpose is to 

ensure a continuous scheme of training modules to enhance 

our recruitment processes, advance competence development, 

and elevate leadership development at all organisational levels. 

Partnering with the Institute of Agricultural Stiper Yogyakarta 

(INSTIPER), we established programmes to strengthen 

managerial and leadership capacity among our future unit 

leaders. The University first identifies talent and employee 

potential for specific roles within the company. It then provides 

tailor-made advanced learning programmes for developing the 

knowledge and skills to become experts in their specialised 

area. The University also offers mandatory certification 

programmes for specific health and safety positions, heavy 

machinery operation, and specialised aspects of mill operation. 

The e-learning platform has increased our training programmes 

reach and efficiency by offering a flexible learning structure and 

access to supplementary training material. In the last two years, 

1,300 employees have used this platform to access online 

courses with 69 currently available modules. 

In 2020, the training exercises were conducted through webinars 

that focused on specific topics including fire management and 

monitoring, HCV &amp; HCS monitoring management, health and 

safety, and waste management. We also engage the local 

community with our University for training on a variety of areas, 

including; hydroponic farming, welding, and servicing motorbike 

or electronic equipment. Our Human Resource department 

regularly updates the platform with new modules and evaluates 

the programme results against regular training programmes at 

our physical learning centres. 



EMPLOYEE TURNOVER 2016-2020 (%)

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

17.1%

13.3%

34.1%

36.2%

31.8%

Permanent staff and workers

Couples’ programme and employee retention programmes 

In 2016, we launched an inter-regional labour force programme, 

Tenaga Kerja – Antar Kerja Antar Daerah (TK AKAD). The 

initiative is dedicated to lowering the turnover rates among our 

employees by providing job opportunities for couples who wish 

to work together. In addition, we improved 93 housing units and 

13 public facilities, including sports and child daycare centres, 

provided regular benefits such as subsidised basic goods 

(sembilan bahan pokok (sembako)), and provided motorised 

vehicle facilities for our workers and their spouses. Our plans 

for 2021 include incentivising the best harvesters in all regions 

with a paid-for pilgrimage (Umroh).

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

49




SMALLHOLDER PARTNERSHIPS

Smallholders play an integral role in the global palm oil industry 

and the Indonesian landscape. Of all the FFB processed at 

Bumitama mills, almost 50% is sourced from smallholders: 23% 

from smallholders from Bumitama plasma schemes and 26.9% 

from independent smallholders and outgrowers near our mills.

While the growth in small-scale farming brings many economic 

and social benefits to rural communities, smallholder farmers 

face challenges in adopting sustainable best practices. 

Therefore, we continue to support smallholders throughout our 

supply chain to ensure that all FFB originates from legal and 

responsible sources. We do so by mapping smallholder activity 

and monitoring high-risk areas. 

PLASMA SCHEMES

We have allocated and developed 29.3% of our total planted 

area, 55,101 ha for smallholder schemes in Kalimantan and Riau. 

This is an increase from 52,734 ha in 2018, or 4.5%. The total 

smallholder planted area is almost 10% more than Indonesia’s 

20% regulatory requirement. Plasma members enjoy their share 

in the plasma plantation profits – after deduction of interest and 

loan instalments, plantation costs and a management fee.

Under our management, Bumitama supports the plasma 

smallholders towards RSPO certification. The first group was 

officially certified in early 2019, covering 1,899 ha at our PT 

Masuba Citra Mandiri (Riau) and PT Agro Sejahtera Manunggal 

(West Kalimantan) operations – 3.4% of total plasma planted 

area. We aim to achieve RSPO certification for all plasma 

schemes by 2024. 

We have additional Plasma Advantage Programmes to develop 

engagement with specific smallholder groups on alternative 

livelihood programmes. Despite 2020 travel restrictions caused 

by the pandemic, we have continued our focus on plasma-level 

projects. 

FIRST SME PLASMA PROGRAMME: FISH FARMING IN CENTRAL KALIMANTAN

As part of our Plasma Advantage Programme, Bumitama is bringing alternative livelihood opportunities to a local community 

in Central Kalimantan under the Mitra Bahaum cooperative. The silver catfish farming project will provide complementary 

revenue to the oil palm planting business for plasma members associated with our PT Bumitama Gunajaya Abadi (BGB).  

The programme is in partnership with the National Development Planning Agency (Bappenas) and the Ministry of Fisheries 

and Maritime Affairs. The programme is a several-year, multi-faceted project modelled as a small-medium enterprise business. 

Instead of providing handouts, it will enable the villagers to generate their own income and support their livelihoods. It is 

crucial to support income diversification for these villages to counter the negative impacts they are susceptible to oil palm 

and rubber market.

Six ponds have been set up, with two additional under construction. We train locally hired staff and members of the plasma 

cooperative to become project managers in the fish farming business, which requires understanding matters of production, 

human resources, marketing, finance and legal issues. In the next phase, six additional ponds will be set up to train and build 

local capacity on fish breeding. When the project reaches full maturity, we expect five tonnes of silver catfish to be produced 

monthly under the cooperatives management. 

This programme benefits from a combination of modern fishery techniques and traditional local knowledge, whilst also 

supporting a circular waste management process. We have since adapted the process, using naturally fermented waste 

from palm oil production combined with locally produced maggots and larvae to feed the fish. Once the catfish reach an 

optimal weight of 300-500 grams for consumption, they can then be harvested. 

While the prospect of sustainable income from regular harvests is attractive, it has not been without issues. In 2020,  

the ponds were affected by severe floods, allowing most of the fish to escape through rivers and other waterways. We are 

now marketing the product to both national companies and local buyers in the West Kotawaringin Regency. The SME is 

also marketing the catfish directly to end-users, such as employee cooperatives within the region, restaurants and hotels. 

People

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

50




INDEPENDENT SMALLHOLDERS AND OUTGROWERS

Independent smallholders are critical in making sustainable palm 

oil a reality. Unlike plasma schemes, they are not contracted 

by a mill and have less access to resources for becoming 

sustainable producers. As part of our social responsibility efforts, 

we emphasise independent smallholder capacity building by 

actively engaging and guiding them to obtain sustainability 

certifications such as the RSPO. 

Since 2018, we have expanded our independent smallholder 

and outgrower programmes. We engage external suppliers in 

programmes and training on best oil palm plantation practices, 

including appropriate fertiliser application, weed management, 

and harvesting. Our approach aims to improve the quality and 

minimise the harvesting of immature FFB. The next step is to 

assist independent smallholders in becoming RSPO certified. 

To further develop our ‘supply shed’ approach to traceability, 

we started a pilot project to trace FFB supply from mill to 

smallholder at our certified Pundu Nabatindo Mill (PNBM) in 

Central Kalimantan. We have also supported independent 

smallholder groups in West Kalimantan and Riau in the 

replanting process, assisting with BPDP funding for a portion of 

the cost (40%), and acting as the guarantor in their bank loan 

for the balance. 

RSPO CERTIFICATION PROGRAMME FOR 2021

All independent smallholders will adopt the new independent 

smallholder RSPO certification guidance. We have dedicated 

certification programmes available to our 98 external suppliers, 

of which nine groups or cooperatives are currently enrolled. 

These have a combined supply base of about 123,000 tonnes 

of FFB, or 10% of our total external FFB received in 2020. This 

will be in addition to the supply we receive from Kelompok Tani 

Tenera – the first independent smallholder that we assisted to 

become RSPO certified in 2018. 

Our previous independent smallholder certification plans were 

disrupted because of the pandemic. We could not proceed 

with the physical training as scheduled. Online sessions were 

challenging because of technology illiteracy and restricted 

internet access among local farmer groups. However, we will 

continue our engagement through training sessions with our 

smallholders on our revised RSPO certification programmes. 

In 2021, five of the nine independent smallholders enrolled in 

the certification programme are on track for certification, while 

another is due to begin training for certification. 

Our target is for every certified mill with third-party supply to 

include a group of smallholders in productivity improvement 

and certification programmes by 2022 – leading to smallholder 

certification by 2024.

Targeted Smallholders

Programme Activities

Target

Kelompok Tani Tenera 

Surveillance Audit

2021

Kelompok Tani Karya Bersama

Certification Audit

Koperasi Unit Desa Bangkit Usaha Makmur

Training and support in certification audit

Rio Gunung Panjang

Training and preparation for certification

Kalimas Mandiri

Training and preparation for certification

CERTIFICATION PROGRAMME PLANS FOR INDEPENDENT SMALLHOLDERS IN 2021





BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

51


PARTNERSHIP WITH KOPERASI UNIT DESA (KUD) 

BANGKIT USAHA MAKMUR

In June 2018, Bumitama partnered with Bangkit Usaha Makmur, 

a group of smallholders that form the cooperative of the Bencah 

Kesuma village in Riau. There are around 400 smallholders in 

this group with about 900 ha of land. Bangkit Usaha Makmur 

was previously a plasma holder within the state-owned  

STAKEHOLDER COMMENTARY: PAK SUGIYARNO, HEAD OF FARMERS | KELOMPOK TANI TENERA

After receiving RSPO certification in 2018, we have benefited from a more structured administration system, improved 

yields and enhanced environmental requirements compliance. The certification, and our partnership with Bumitama, also 

guarantee that all our FFB will be purchased regardless of crop season. 

We have been working with Bumitama since 2016, primarily towards the preparation process for RSPO certification and 

the RSPO audit process. Bumitama has always been helpful, not only during training and consultation sessions but in 

helping guide us during post-certification in any matters related to RSPO or sustainable agriculture. After the first year of 

certification, and following consultation with Bumitama and their approval, we decided to be independent through the Book 

and Claim supply chain model.

About: 

In March 2018, the Tenera Farmers Group (Kelompok Tani Tenera) was the first independent smallholder group 

to receive RSPO certification with Bumitama’s support. Tenera, which has an internal supply base of 970 

hectares and an external supply base of 1,170 hectares, supplies between 50,000 and 60,000 tonnes of FFB to 

PNBM and other mills in the area annually.

People



PT Perkebunan Nusantara (PTPN), a plantation that became 

independent after their contract expired. Our partnership with 

them is primarily to assist in financing their replanting programme 

and to guide them in their RSPO certification journey. 

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

52


STAKEHOLDER COMMENTARY: KHOIRUM – HEAD OF THE VILLAGE COOPERATIVE | KOPERASI UNIT DESA 

(KUD) BANGKIT USAHA MAKMUR

As an independent smallholder, we faced some initial hurdles to our replanting programme when the Palm Oil Plantation 

Fund Management Agency (BPDPKS) and financial institutions required a buyer guarantor to facilitate our loan application. 

We partnered with Bumitama to be our guarantor. This sped up our replanting strategy and subsequent loan approval.

Apart from financial and technical help, our Bumitama partnership has impacted our operational sustainability as we are 

required to comply with the traceability aspect of Bumitama’s Sustainability Policy. Bumitama also helps coordinate our 

ISPO certification – a BPDPKS requirement, alongside with the voluntary RSPO certification that will be done concurrently. 

Besides a stable increase in revenue from FFB sales, the certification process will improve organisational and agronomy 

understanding, and adherence to legality requirements. It has also enhanced independent farmers’ welfare and provided 

an opportunity for farmer groups to move towards sustainable palm oil cultivation and guaranteed year-round purchase 

of FFB. We are currently preparing for certification in mid-2021 and hope to continue receiving Bumitama’s guidance for 

financial management skills and business development.

About: 

Bangkit Usaha Makmur were previously plasma of a state-owned company that became independent after 

their contract expired. They are now working with Bumitama to achieve RSPO certification in 2021. 

SMALLHOLDER PRODUCTIVITY RESEARCH 

PROGRAMME

Bumitama is currently supporting a four-year research 

programme on the productivity levels of independent 

smallholders operating on mineral soil that supply our Ketapang 

mill in West Kalimantan. 



The programme, first initiated in 2018, will help over 200 

independent smallholders with fertiliser intervention, new 

planting materials, and estimate potential increases in 

productivity. The programme is being implemented by IDH and 

funded by NICFI through Nebraska University. 

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

53


Stakeholder group 

Objectives

Method of engagement

Frequency 

Industry 

associations 

and certification 

bodies

• Engagement as part of formal audits 

and verification assessments

• Compliance with sustainability 

standards

• Improvement of sustainability standards 

• Working groups &amp; task forces 

• Multi-stakeholder forums

• One-on-one meetings

• Formal audits and verification assessments

• Ad hoc/quarterly

• Ad hoc/monthly

• Quarterly

• Monthly

Local 

communities

• Safeguard community lands’ ownership 

and observe FPIC principles

• Provide communities with improved 

livelihoods and minimise any negative 

impacts of Bumitama’s operations on 

the local communities

• Design programmes to address 

identified issues

• Collaborate in co-management of 

conservation areas and fire prevention

• Participatory company-community land 

ownership assessment and grievance 

reporting

• Community programmes 

• SIA re-assessments

• Focus Group Discussions (FGD) and 

dialogues with community representatives

• Social Forestry, BBCP, conservation and 

rehabilitation programmes

• Desa Bebas Api, Masyarakat Peduli Api, 

PLTB programme

• Continuous process

• Continuous process

• Once every 3 years

• As required/at least 

twice a year

• Continuous process

• Monthly/ continuous 

process

Customers and 

buyers

• Communicate on policies and 

implementation progress

• Respond and address potential 

grievances 

• Engage in landscape partnerships

• Multi-stakeholder forums

• Direct meetings and engagement

• Annual and sustainability reporting

• News releases and Bumitama website

• Regional projects and partnerships 

• Ad hoc/quarterly

• Ad hoc/monthly

• Annually

• Monthly

• Continuous process

Employees and 

workers

• Build awareness on company policies

• Develop employee skills and knowledge 

through training and conduct 

performance and feedback review

• Improve health and safety measures 

and workplace conditions

• Support livelihoods and welfare

• Training programmes, Bumitama Corporate 

University, E-learning

• Website, company media updates, social 

media

• Assessments and improvements to 

workplace conditions, collaboration with 

experts

• Company events and cultural/religious 

celebrations

• Trade union and in-house workers groups 

meeting

• Continuous process

• Monthly

• Continuous process

• Throughout the year

• Ad hoc/monthly

Financial 

institutions

• Communicating on Sustainability Policy 

and implementation progress

• Addressing Environmental, Social and 

Corporate Governance (ESG)-related 

enquiries

• Regular meetings with analysts, bankers and 

investors

• Direct queries 

• Annual and sustainability reporting

• SGX updates and Bumitama website

• Quarterly

• Ad hoc/monthly

• Annually

• Monthly

Government and 

regulatory bodies

• Building mutual understanding of 

requirements and alignment of policies 

• Establishing strong relationships with 

government and regulatory bodies 

• Direct meetings 

• Multi-stakeholder forums

• Ad hoc/monthly

• Ad hoc/quarterly

NGOs &amp; CSOs

• Address industry-related sustainability 

concerns, market standards and issues 

• Collaborations on conservation and 

social programmes

• Conservation projects and partnerships 

• Multi-stakeholder forums

• Working groups &amp; task forces

• Direct meetings and constant engagement

• Annual and sustainability reporting

• News releases and Bumitama website

• Continuous process

• Ad hoc/quarterly

• Ad hoc/monthly

• Ad hoc/annually

• Annually

• Monthly

Independent 

and plasma 

smallholders

• Compliance with Bumitama sourcing 

requirements and policies

• Smallholder programme, training and 

support in certification

• Training programmes for schemed and 

independent smallholders, productivity, 

RSPO certification

• Fruit traceability and mapping, training

• Assistance in land certification process

• Fire management and training

• Throughout the 

year/ Continuous 

process

• Throughout the 

year/annually

Stakeholder Engagement Table

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

54


No.

Topics

1

Legal/regulatory compliance

2

COVID-19 and business continuity

3

Deforestation/HCS/HCV/peat 

4

Traceability and supply chain monitoring 

5

Fire and haze 

6

Community development and CSR

7

Smallholder inclusiveness 

8

Labour conditions 

9

Health and safety 

10

Land complaints/FPIC

11

Sustainability certification

12

Transparency and accountability 

13

Employee capacity and resources 

14

Wildlife and biodiversity conservation

15

Greenhouse gas emissions

16

Children’s rights and education

17

Gender and equal opportunities

18

Productivity and operational efficiency

19

Share value

20

Anti-corruption and ethics

21

Pesticides and chemical usage

22

Water impacts

Materiality Matrix

Moderate

22

21

20

19

18

17

16

15

14

12

13

11

10

15

6

9

5

4

3

2

1

8

7

Moderate

Significant

Importance to Bumitama’s business

Importance to stakeholders

Significant

High

High

Since the previous report, some topics have increased in 

importance: fire and haze, labour conditions, health and safety, 

sustainability certification, greenhouse gas emissions, and anti-

corruption and ethics. We have new indicators, or updated 

indicator names, specifically around: COVID-19 and business 

continuity, community development, employee capacity and 

resources, children’s rights and education, and gender and 

equal opportunities. Also, our productivity and operational 

efficiency indicator now covers two previous standalone topics, 

namely, operational efficiency and revenue.

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

55


Appendix 1

Determining Supply Chain Risks Based on Zoning

Our suppliers are grouped in the following categories:

•  

Low Risk

–  

Suppliers with plantations in areal penggunaan 

lain (APL) areas only, without supply from forested 

areas.

•  

Potential Risk

–  

Suppliers with plantations where cultivation is 

allowed, but may be in forested areas those 

identified as peat (KHG – Budidaya, based on 

government maps).

•  

High Risk

–  

Suppliers with plantations partially in KHG – Lindung, 

protected forests, natural reserves, national park 

areas.

FFB TRACEABILITY 2016-2020 (%)

2016

77.2%

2017

79.9%

2018

91.4%

2019

98.2%

2020

98.8%

 FFB traceable to plantation

Appendix 2

Progress in FFB Traceability to Plantation

Appendices

EMISSIONS SOURCES AND SINKS 2020 (MT CO2e/year)

Net 

Emissions

Mill Credit 

(Sale of 

PKS, 

EFB &amp; 

electricity)

Grid 

Electricity 

Utilization

3rd party 

Emissions

Sale of PKS

Land 

Conversion

1,059,966

CO2 

Emissions 

Fertiliser

176,143

N2O 

Emissions

93,734

N2O 

Emissions 

from peat

50,407

Fuel 

Consumption 

Field

44,197

Peat 

Oxidation

367,297

Sequestration

Conservation 

Area

(6,314)

POME

888,491

Fuel 

Consumption 

Mill 

8,759

(9,191)

0

265,096

(79,757)

Crop

Sequestration

(1,258,415)

1,600,411

Appendix 4 

ISPO Certification Plan

Plantation

ISPO audit status

Comment

Target year

PT KMB, PT GKG, PT GKS

Certified in 2018

-

PT ASM

Certified in 2019

-

PT WNL, PT RSI, PT MCM, 

PT LSM

Stage 2

Will proceed to certification after rectifying audit gaps 

2021

PT LGI, PT NAS

Stage 2

Will continue certification together with RSPO 

certification according to the timebound plan 

2021

PT BGB

Stage 2

Preparing for re-audit

PT WNA, PT NKU,  

PT KBAS, PT ISL

Stage 1

Will continue certification together with RSPO 

certification according to the timebound plan

2022

Other PTs

-

Will enter Stage 1 when we required criteria are met

Appendix 5 

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

56


Appendix 3

RSPO Certification Time Bound Plan

Region

Mill

Supply base

Timebound plan/status 

Central 

Kalimantan

Pundu Nabatindo Mill

PT Windu Nabatindo Lestari (WNL)

2014 (certified) 

Independent smallholders (Kelompok Tani Tenera)

2018 (certified)

Koperasi Harapan Abadi

2021 (revised target)

PT Fajar Bumi Nabati (FBI)

2022 (revised target)

PT Gemilang Subur Maju (GSM)

Katari Agro Mill

PT Windu Nabatindo Lestari (WNL)

2016 (certified)

Gunung Makmur Mill

PT Karya Makmur Bahagia (KMB)

2014 (certified)

Plasma PT KMB

2021 (revised target)

Independent smallholders (Kelompok Tani Karya 

Bersama)

2021 (revised target)

PT Tanah Tani Lestari (TTL)

2022 (revised target)

Plasma PT TTL

Bukit Makmur Mill

PT Karya Makmur Bahagia (KMB)

2019 (certified)

PT Langgeng Makmur Sejahtera (LMS)

2022 (revised target)

Plasma PT KMB

2021 (revised target)

Sungai Cempaga Mill

PT Windu Nabatindo Abadi (WNA)

2022 (revised target)

PT Nabatindo Karya Utama (NKU)

Selucing Mill

PT Windu Nabatindo Sejahtera (WNS)

2022 (revised target)

Kotawaringin Mill

PT Bumitama Gunajaya Abadi (BGB)

2022 (revised target)

Lamandau Mill

PT Bumitama Gunajaya Abadi (BGB)

2022 (revised target)

PT Andalan Sukses Makmur (ASMR)

PT Investa Karya Bakti (IKB)

West 

Kalimantan

Kendawangan Mill

PT Gunajaya Karya Gemilang (GKG)

2016 (certified)

PT Gunajaya Ketapang Sentosa (GKS)

Plasma PT GKG

2021 (revised target)

Pembangunan Raya Mill

PT Agro Sejahtera Manunggal (ASM)

2019 (certified)

Plasma ASM

2019 (certified)

PT Gunajaya Harapan Lestari (GHL)

2021 (revised target)

Sungai Rasau Mill

PT Karya Bakti Agro Sejahtera (KBAS)

2021 (revised target)

PT Agriplus (AGP)

2022 (revised target)

Bukit Tunggal Jaya Mill

PT Ladang Sawit Mas (LSM)

2020 (certified)

PT Lestari Gemilang Intisawit (LGI)

2021 (revised target)

PT Agro Manunggal Sawitindo (AMS)

PT Gemilang Makmur Subur (GMS)

PT Sejahtera Sawit Lestari (SSL)

PT Nabati Agro Subur (NAS)

PT Karya Makmur Langgeng (KML)

2022 or one year after obtaining 

HGU

PT Damai Agro Sejahtera (DAS)

Bukit Belaban Mill

PT Sentosa Prima Agro (SPA)

2021

PT Raya Sawit Manunggal (RSM)

PT Wahana Hijau Indah (WHI)

PT Hungarindo Persada (HPE)

2022 or one year after obtaining 

HGU

Riau

Suka Damai Mill

PT Masuba Citra Mandiri (MCM)

2019 (certified)

Plasma PT MCM

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

57


Appendix 6 

IUCN RED LIST OF THREATENED SPECIES IDENTIFIED IN BUMITAMA’S REGIONS OF OPERATION 

Based on HCV assessments and re-assessments conducted.

IUCN Status

Common and binomial names

West Kalimantan 

and Riau

Central 

Kalimantan

Critically 

endangered 

Pongo pygmaeus (Bornean orangutan)5

√

√

Manis javanica (Sunda pangolin)

√

√

Endangered

Hylobates albibarbis (agile gibbon)6

√

Nasalis larvatus (proboscis monkey)5

√

√

Ciconia stormi (Storm’s stork)

√

Vulnerable

Acridotheres javanicus (Javan myna)

√

Aonyx cinerea (Asian small-clawed otter)

√

Rusa timorensis (Javan rusa)

√

Rusa unicolor (Sambar deer)

√

√

Chloropsis sonnerati (Greater green leafbird)

√

Cuora amboinensis (Amboina box turtle)

√

√

Ducula pickeringii (Grey imperial pigeon)

√

√

Helarctos malayanus (Sun bear)

√

√

Leptoptilos javanicus (Lesser adjutant)

√

√

Lutra perspicillata (Smooth-coated otter)

√

Macaca nemestrina (Southern pig-tailed macaque)

√

Neofelis nebulosa (Clouded leopard)

√

Numenius arquata (Eurasian curlew)

√

Nycticebus coucang/Nycticebus brachycephalus 

(Sunda slow loris)

√

Nycticebus menagensis (Philippine slow loris)

√

Ophiophagus Hannah (King cobra)

√

√

Trachypitheus cristatus (Silvery lutung)

√

√

Presbytis frontata (White-fronted surili)5

√

√

Prionailurus bengalensis/Felis bengalensis (Leopard cat)

√

Pycnonotus zeylanicus (Straw-headed bulbul)

√

√

Rheithrosciurus macrotis (Tufted ground squirrel)

√

Setornis criniger (Hook-billed bulbul)

√

Siebenrockiella crassicollis (Black marsh turtle)

√

√

Sus barbatus (Bornean bearded pig)

√

√

Cephalopachus bancanus (Horsfield’s tarsier)

√

√

Tomistoma schlegelii (False gharial)

√

Treron capellei (Large green pigeon)

√

√

5  Not found in Sumatra - Riau

6  Not found in Kalimantan

Appendices

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

58


Base Data

Category/Indicator

Measurement unit

2020

2019

2018

2017

2016

ECONOMIC

Revenue

IDR billion

9,102

7,691

 8,3777 

 8,131 

6,630

Profit before tax

IDR billion

1,931

1,193

 1,705 

 1,894 

1,551

EBITDA

IDR billion

2,575

1,694

 2,395 

 2,427 

1,925

Basic earnings per share

IDR per share

645

392

 627 

 682 

572

LAND AND PLANTATION

Total land area

ha

234,000 

234,000 

 234,000 

233,000

225,000

Oil palm planted area

Total (ha)

187,917

187,567

185,165

182,675

175,243

Old and mature (ha)

173,464

170,053

162,815

158,083

147,513

Immature (ha)

14,453

17,514

22,350

24,592

27,730

Kalimantan (ha)

185,608

Riau (ha)

2,309

Nucleus planted area

Total (ha)

132,816

132,643

132,431

131,421

128,966

Old and mature (ha)

120,643

117,590

113,238

110,699

104,970

Immature (ha)

12,173

15,053

19,193

20,722

23,996

Plasma planted area

Total (ha)

55,101

54,924

52,734

51,254

46,277

Old and Mature (ha)

52,821

52,463

49,577

47,384

42,543

Immature (ha)

2,280

2,461

3,157

3,870

3,734

Average age

Years

10.6

9.8

8.9

8.7

8.0

Trend &amp; ratios (Plasma Planted)

% by ha

29.3%

29.3%

28.5%

28.1%

26.4%

Production volume 

Fresh fruit bunches (FFB) - nucleus

MT

2,270,745

2,231,353

2,276,866

1,784,729

1,513,422

FFB - plasma

MT

1,043,383

1,035,130

1,061,368

817,495

672,018

FFB total - nucleus and plasma

MT

3,314,128

3,266,483

3,338,234

2,602,224

2,185,440

FFB purchased from third parties

MT

1,219,944

1,293,612

1,374,879

1,007,978

901,492

Crude palm oil (CPO)

MT

1,024,548

1,035,201

1,043,045

818,835

701,304

Palm kernel (PK)

MT

215,691

213,065

208,311

166,224

138,175

Productivity 

FFB yield per mature hectare

MT/ha

19.0

19.1

20.4

16.4

14.6

CPO yield per mature hectare

MT/ha

4.3

4.3

4.5

3.7

3.3

Indonesian Industry

MT/ha

4.0

3.9

3.9

3.6

3.6 

CPO extraction rate

%

22.6%

22.7%

22.1%

22.7%

22.7%

PK extraction rate

%

4.8%

4.7%

4.4%

4.6%

4.5%

7  Reclassified.

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

59


Category/Indicator

Measurement unit

2020

2019

2018

2017

2016

EMPLOYEES

Total number of employees

No.

31,423

32,111

32,610

31,786

27,168

By contract type

Permanent (no.)

30,442

30,773

 30,959 

 28,696 

19,184

Temporary (no.)

981

1,338

 1,651 

 3,090 

7,984

By category (Permanent)

Management (no.)

227

206

200

188

167

Staff (no.)

1,164

1,088

1,078

1,068

956

Workers (no.)

30,032

30,817

31,332

30,530

26,045

By region (workers only)

Kalimantan

29,372

Riau

660

By gender

Total 

Male (no.)

22,760

23,437

23,891

23,369

19,927

Female (no.)

8,663

8,674

8,719

8,417

7,241

Management

Male (no.)

214

195

190

178

159

Female (no.)

13

11

10

10

8

Staff

Male (no.)

1,060

974

965

956

840

Female (no.)

104

114

113

112

116

Workers

Male (no.)

21,486

22,268

22,736

22,235

18,928

Female (no.)

8,546

8,549

8,596

8,295

7,117

Employee turnover - Permanent 

staff &amp; workers only

%

31.8%

36.2%

34.1%

13.3%

17.1%

Employee turnover - permanent 

staff &amp; workers, incl. casual 

workers

%

35.4%

38.5%

39.0%

32.8%

28.1%

Minimum starting wage by Group and Province

Group 

IDR/month

3,006,662

2,531,403

2,600,426 

2,441,994 

2,202,443

Central Kalimantan

IDR/month

3,012,385 

2,617,205

2,628,416 

2,407,552 

2,289,868

West Kalimantan

IDR/month

2,897,352 

2,395,050

2,562,000 

2,480,000 

2,110,000

Riau

IDR/month

3,041,068 

2,686,757

2,617,500 

2,516,812 

2,325,000

Minimum Wage: National Requirements by Province 

Central Kalimantan

IDR/month

2,890,093

2,615,735

2,421,305

2,227,307

2,057,558

West Kalimantan

IDR/month

2,399,698

2,211,266

2,046,900

1,882,900

1,739,400

Riau

IDR/month

2,888,563

2,662,025

2,464,154

2,266,722

2,095,000

Minimum wage ratio: Company vs National Requirements by Province 

Central Kalimantan

Ratio by IDR

1.04

1.00

1.09

1.08

1.11

West Kalimantan

Ratio by IDR

1.21

1.08

1.25

1.32

1.21

Riau

Ratio by IDR

1.05

1.01

1.06

1.11

1.11

Base Data

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

60


Category/Indicator

Measurement unit

2020

2019

2018

2017

2016

HEALTH AND SAFETY

Lost time incident rate (LTIR)

Incidents per 1,000,000 

working hours

47.7

30.9

25.2

21.3

9.78

Severity rate 

Average no. of lost time 

per incident

75.6

39.9

45.0

45.6

17.4

Fatalities

No. of accidents

3

4

1

4

2

COMMUNITY AND CSR

Total CSR expenditure

IDR billion

 24.14 

 23.45 

21.49

18.80

9.95

– Schools and childcare

%

78.8%

77.9%

75.0%

69%

61%

– Social &amp; cultural activities

%

8.7%

10.6%

16.4%

13%

9%

– Infrastructure

%

2.8%

6.1%

4.0%

9%

3%

– Health (including company clinics)

%

3.8%

1.7%

1.4%

2%

2%

– Synergic community relations 

(projects undertaken in 

collaboration with local authorities, 

law enforcement etc.)

%

0.2%

0.2%

1.9%

4%

10%

– Local business development 

%

4.3%

2.3%

0.9%

2%

4%

– Others

%

1.4%

1.2%

0.5%

1%

11%

Schools

Units No.

38

38

 37 

 36 

36

Teachers

Persons No.

300

315

 298 

 275 

298

Students

Persons No.

5,281

 5,167 

 4,984 

 4,746 

4,486

Childcare centres

Units No.

124

 124 

 125 

 119 

126

Children 

Persons No.

2,067

 2,053 

 2,423 

 2,373 

2,192

Central clinics 

Units No.

12

 11 

 12 

 10 

7

Branch clinics 

Units No.

40

 43 

 41 

 38 

42

Ambulances

Units No.

14

 14 

 13 

 13 

11

Doctors

Persons No.

6

 4 

 4 

 5 

4

Paramedics

Persons No.

113

 105 

 100 

 105 

89

ENVIRONMENT

Emissions intensity9

MT CO2e/MT CPO

1.56

1.38

1.56

1.49

1.63

Fertiliser usage per hectare 

MT/ha

1.00

0.94

1.05

1.01

0.89

Herbicide usage per hectare

litres/ha

3.16

2.84

2.52

1.86

1.40

Toxicity units per planted hectare

Toxicity/ha

333

242

218

188

140

Water usage - by mill 

m³/MT FFB

1.26

1.35

1.28

1.26

1.25

Biological oxygen demand - New 

mill

PPM (range)

637 - 3,899

349 - 1,882

310 - 2,275

324 - 1,653

400 - 4,593

8  Restated.

9  2016 to 2019 data is calculated intensity for RSPO-certified mills only, while 2020 is for all 14 mills.

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

61


10  Total peat area conserved is 6,115 ha, however some area is now classified under HCV and HCS areas. The data shown is kept separate to avoid double-counting.

Category/Indicator

Measurement unit

2020

2019

2018

2017

2016

Conservation area

Total conservation area

ha

39,310

39,380

39,380

36,561

29,415

HCV

ha

25,885

HCS

ha

11,517

Peat (non-HCV/HCS)10

ha

1,540

Others

ha

368

Fires within concessions

No.

76

314

35

13

5

Planted area burnt

ha

0

779.0

314.6

78.6

3.3

Unplanted area burnt

ha

47.8

969.5

35.5

22.0

10.0

CERTIFICATION

RSPO certified area

ha

 56,433 

 50,714 

 41,970 

41,594

41,594

RSPO certificates

No.

8

7

4

5

4

Certified Sustainable Palm Oil 

(CSPO) &amp; Certified Sustainable 

Palm Kernel (CSPK)

MT

 236,962 

 223,986 

 167,284 

158,106

166,638

ISPO certificates

No.

4

4

3

3

1

NPP notifications

Notification

0

1

0

1

3

eTrace License

No.

8

7

4

5

4

RSPO complaint cases

No.

7

7

6

6

6

Active cases

No.

1

2

2

2

1

Closed cases for monitoring

No.

0

0

0

1

1

Closed cases

No.

6

5

4

3

4

Suppliers and traceability

FFB traceability

%

98.8

98.2

91.4

79.9

77.2

External suppliers

No.

98

Base Data

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

62


GRI Content Index

The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) is a multi-stakeholder standard for sustainability reporting that provides companies guidance on 

content and potential indicators. GRI is the first and most widely adopted global standard for sustainability reporting and has been 

designed to enhance global comparability and the quality of information on environmental and social impacts. Reports based on the 

GRI Standards should provide a balanced and reasonable representation of an organisation’s positive and negative contributions 

towards the goal of sustainable development. 

There are two options for preparing a report in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core and Comprehensive. This report has been 

prepared in accordance with the Core option.

GRI CONTENT INDEX

Disclosure

Section, page or reason for omission

GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016

Organisational Profile

102-1 

Name of Organisation

About Bumitama, 12

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

About Bumitama, 12

Annual Report, 2

102-3

Location of headquarters

About Bumitama, 12

102-4

Location of operations

About Bumitama, 12

Operations, 13

Annual Report, 2-3

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Financial overview and ownership structure, 13

102-6

Markets served

About Bumitama, 12

Operations, 13

Our customers, 14

102-7

Scale of the organisation

About Bumitama, 12-14

Operations, 13

Annual Report, 2-3, 8

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

About Bumitama, 12

Our employees, 44-45

102-9

Supply chain

Supply chain traceability and responsible sourcing, 16-18

Smallholder partnerships, 50-53

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain

No major changes in the reporting period

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

Our approach to sustainability, 15

Biodiversity protection and conservation, 22-23

Stepping up our fire prevention measures, 26-29

Note: RSPO requires a precautionary approach

102-12

External initiatives

Our approach to sustainability, 15

Certification and engagement, 20

Stakeholder engagement table, 54

Biodiversity Protection and Conversation, 22 

102-13

Membership of associations

Stakeholder engagement, 20-21

Stepping up our fire prevention measures, 26

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Chairman welcome, 2

Statement from Lead Independent Director, 4

102-15

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

Objectives and targets, 7

Our approach to sustainability, 15

Corporate governance and sustainability management, 18

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

63


GRI CONTENT INDEX

Disclosure

Section, page or reason for omission

Ethics and integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour

Our approach to sustainability, 15

Governance and management, 18-19

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics

Ethics and integrity, 18

Grievances and whistleblowing, 19

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

Corporate governance and sustainability management, 

18-19

Annual Report, 25

102-19

Delegating authority

Corporate governance and sustainability management, 

18-19

102-20

Executive-level responsibility for economic, 

environmental, and social topics

Corporate governance and sustainability management, 

18-19

102-21

Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, 

and social topics

About this Report, page B

Our approach to sustainability, 15

Corporate governance and sustainability management, 

18-19

102-22

Composition of the highest governance body  

and its committees

Corporate governance and sustainability management, 

18-19

Annual Report, 26

102-23

Chair of the highest governance body

Corporate governance and sustainability management, 19

102-24

Nominating and selecting the highest governance body

Annual Report, 28

102-25

Conflicts of interest

Annual Report, 40

102-26

Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, 

values, and strategy

Corporate governance and sustainability management, 

18-19

Annual Report, 25

102-27

Collective knowledge of highest governance body

Corporate governance and sustainability management, 

18-19

Annual Report, 27

102-28

Evaluating the highest governance body’s performance

Annual Report, 31

102-29

Identifying and managing economic, environmental, 

and social impacts

About this Report, page B

Our approach to sustainability, 15

Corporate governance and sustainability management, 

18-19

102-30

Effectiveness of risk management processes

Annual Report, 34

102-31

Review of economic, environmental, and social topics

Corporate governance and sustainability management, 

18-19

102-32

Highest governance body’s role in sustainability 

reporting

Corporate governance and sustainability management, 

18-19

102-33

Communicating critical concerns

Corporate governance and sustainability management, 

18-19

102-34

Nature and total number of critical concerns

Grievances and whistleblowing, 19

102-35

Remuneration policies

Annual Report, 32

102-36

Process for determining remuneration

Annual Report, 32

GRI Content Index

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

64


GRI CONTENT INDEX

Disclosure

Section, page or reason for omission

Stakeholder engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder engagement, 20-21

Stakeholder engagement table, 54

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Freedom of association, 48

5.83% of employees are part of trade unions. The 

remaining are represented by LKS Bipartite institutions 

available at each Bumitama unit. The number of 

representatives is not collected at this point in time.

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

About this Report, page B

Our approach to sustainability, 18-19

Supply chain traceability and responsible sourcing, 16

Stakeholder engagement, 20-21

Community land rights and partnerships, 36

Smallholder partnerships, 50

Stakeholder engagement table, 54

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

About this Report, page B

Our approach to sustainability, 18-19

Supply chain traceability and responsible sourcing, 16

Stakeholder engagement, 20-21

Community land rights and partnerships, 36

Smallholder partnerships, 50

Stakeholder engagement table, 54

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

About this Report, page B

Community land rights and partnerships, 36

Stakeholder engagement table, 54

Reporting practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements

Annual Report, 62

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

About this Report, page B

102-47

List of material topics

About this Report, page B

102-48

Restatements of information

Restatements provided as footnotes and notes to data 

where applicable

102-49

Changes in reporting

About this Report, page B

102-50

Reporting period

About this Report, page B

102-51

Date of most recent report

The last produced report was the Sustainability Report 

2018

102-52

Reporting cycle

About this Report, page B

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

Contact, 76

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards

GRI Content Index, 63

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index, 63

102-56

External assurance

About this Report, page B

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

65


Material Topics

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section, page or reason for omissions

ECONOMIC

Economic Performance 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

 Financial overview and ownership structure, 13

Annual Report, 4

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

 Financial overview and ownership structure, 13

Annual Report, 4

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

 Financial overview and ownership structure, 13

Annual Report, 4

GRI 201:  

Economic 

Performance

201-1

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed

Financial overview and ownership structure, 13

Community land rights and partnerships, 36

Responsible business practice during COVID-19, 36

Base data, 59

Annual Report, 4

201-2

Financial implications and other risks and 

opportunities due to climate change

Greenhouse gas accountability, 30-31

Market Presence

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Our employees, 44-45

Community land rights and partnerships, 36

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Our employees, 44-45

Community land rights and partnerships, 36

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Our employees, 44-45

GRI 202:  

Market Presence

202-1

Ratios of standard entry level wage by 

gender compared to local minimum 

wage

Wages and benefits, 44-45

Non-discrimination, 48

Indirect Economic Impacts

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Our approach to sustainability, 18-19

Community land rights and partnerships, 36

Food security and community farming, 43

Smallholder partnerships, 50

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Our approach to sustainability, 18-19

Community land rights and partnerships, 36

Food security and community farming, 43

Smallholder partnerships, 50

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Our approach to sustainability, 18-19

Community land rights and partnerships, 36

Food security and community farming, 43

Smallholder partnerships, 50

GRI Content Index

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

66


Material Topics

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section, page or reason for omissions

GRI 203:  

Indirect Economic 

Impacts

203-1

Infrastructure investments and services 

supported

About Bumitama, 12

Our approach to sustainability, 18

Biodiversity protection and conservation, 22-26

Stepping up our fire prevention measures, 26-29

Community land rights and partnerships, 36-37

Children’s rights and education, 42-43

Food security and community farming, 43

Smallholder partnerships, 50-53

203-2

Significant indirect economic impacts

Community land rights and partnerships, 36-37

Smallholder partnerships, 50-53

 Procurement Practices

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Our approach to sustainability, 15

Supply chain traceability and responsible sourcing, 

16-18

Smallholder partnerships, 50-53

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Our approach to sustainability, 15

Supply chain traceability and responsible sourcing, 

16-18

Smallholder partnerships, 50-53

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Supply chain traceability and responsible sourcing, 

16-18

Smallholder partnerships, 50-53

GRI 204: 

Procurement 

Practices

204-1

Proportion of spending on local suppliers

Smallholder partnerships, 50-53

Anti-corruption 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Ethics and integrity, 18

Bumitama Code of Conduct, https://bit.ly/3x9hrDd

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Our approach to sustainability, 15

Ethics and integrity, 18

Grievances and whistleblowing, 19

Bumitama Code of Conduct, https://bit.ly/3x9hrDd

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Ethics and integrity, 18

Bumitama Code of Conduct, https://bit.ly/3x9hrDd

GRI 205:  

Anti-corruption

205-2

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures

Ethics and integrity, 18

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

67


Material Topics

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section, page or reason for omissions

Productivity and operational efficiency

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Agricultural productivity, 14

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Agricultural productivity, 14

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Agricultural productivity, 14

ENVIRONMENT

Water and Effluents 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Water usage and quality, 34-35

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Water usage and quality, 34-35

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Water usage and quality, 34-35

GRI 303:  

Water and 

Effluents

303-1

Interactions with water as a shared 

resource

Water usage and quality, 34-35

303-2

Management of water discharge-related 

impacts

Monitoring toxicity and inorganic fertiliser, 33

Water usage and quality, 34-35

303-3

Water withdrawal

Water usage and quality, 34-35

Biodiversity 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Environment, 22

Biodiversity protection and conservation, 22-26

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Biodiversity protection and conservation, 22-26

Stepping up our fire prevention measures, 26-29

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Biodiversity protection and conservation, 22-26

Stepping up our fire prevention measures, 26-29

GRI 304:  

Biodiversity

304-1

Operational sites owned, leased, 

managed in, or adjacent to, protected 

areas and areas of high biodiversity value 

outside protected areas

Biodiversity protection and conservation, 22-26

Community land rights and partnerships, 36-37

304-2

Significant impacts of activities, 

products, and services on biodiversity

Biodiversity protection and conservation, 22-26

Stepping up our fire prevention measures, 26-29

304-3

Habitats protected or restored

Biodiversity protection and conservation, 22-26

304-4

IUCN Red List species and national 

conservation list species with habitats in 

areas affected by operations

IUCN Red List of Threatened Species identified in 

Bumitama’s regions of operation, 58

Emissions 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Greenhouse gas accountability, 30-31

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Greenhouse gas accountability, 30-31

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Greenhouse gas accountability, 30-31

GRI 305:  

Emissions

305-4

GHG emissions intensity

Greenhouse gas accountability, 30-31

305-5

Reduction of GHG emissions

Greenhouse gas accountability, 30-31

GRI Content Index

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

68


Material Topics

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section, page or reason for omissions

Environmental Compliance

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Our approach to sustainability, 15

Grievance and whistleblowing, 19

Certification and engagement, 20-21

Environment, 22

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Our customers, 14

Our approach to sustainability, 15

Corporate governance and sustainability 

management, 19-20

Grievance and whistleblowing, 19

Certification and engagement, 20-21

Environment, 22

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Our customers, 14

Our approach to sustainability, 15

Corporate governance and sustainability 

management, 18-19

Grievance and whistleblowing, 19

Certification and engagement, 20-21

Environment, 22

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations

Grievance and whistleblowing, 19

No non-compliances raised in 2019-2020

Supplier Environmental Assessment 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Our approach to sustainability, 15

Supply chain traceability and responsible sourcing, 

16-17

Smallholder partnerships, 50-53

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Our approach to sustainability, 15

Supply chain traceability and responsible sourcing, 

16-17

Smallholder partnerships, 50-53

Stakeholder engagement table, 54

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Our approach to sustainability, 15

Supply chain traceability and responsible sourcing, 

16-17

Smallholder partnerships, 50-53

GRI 308:  

Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment 

308-1

New suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria

Our approach to sustainability, 15

Supply chain traceability and responsible sourcing, 

16-17

308-2

Negative environmental impacts in the 

supply chain and actions taken

Supply chain traceability and responsible sourcing, 

16-17

Fire and haze

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Stepping up our fire prevention measures, 26-29

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Stepping up our fire prevention measures, 26-29

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Stepping up our fire prevention measures, 26-29

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

69


Material Topics

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section, page or reason for omissions

Pesticides and chemical usage

GRI 103:

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Integrated pest management and chemicals, 32-33

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Integrated pest management and chemicals, 32-33

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Integrated pest management and chemicals, 32-33

GRI 400 SOCIAL

Employment

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

About Bumitama, 12

Our employees, 44-45

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

About Bumitama, 12

Our employees, 44-45

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Our employees, 44-45

Employee development and retention, 49

GRI 401:  

Employment

401-1

New employee hires and employee 

turnover

Employee development and retention, 49

Base Data, 59-62

401-2

Benefits provided to full-time employees 

that are not provided to temporary or 

part-time employees

Wages and benefits, 44-45

Occupational Health and Safety 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Our approach to sustainability, 15-16

Stepping up our fire prevention measures, 26-29 

Water usage and quality, 34-35

Integrated pest management and chemicals, 32-33

Health and safety, 46-47

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Our approach to sustainability, 15-16

Stepping up our fire prevention measures, 26-29 

Water usage and quality, 34-35

Responsible business practice during COVID-19, 36

Integrated pest management and chemicals, 32-33

Health and safety, 46-47

Stakeholder engagement table, 54

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Our approach to sustainability, 15-16

Stepping up our fire prevention measures, 26-29 

Water usage and quality, 34-35

Responsible business practice during COVID-19, 36

Integrated pest management and chemicals, 32-33

Health and safety, 46-47

Stakeholder engagement table, 54

GRI Content Index

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

70


Material Topics

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section, page or reason for omissions

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and Safety

403-1

Organisational health and safety 

management system

Health and safety, 46-47

403-2

Hazard identification, risk assessment, 

and incident investigation

Health and safety, 46-47

403-3

Occupational health services

Stepping up our fire prevention measures, 26-29 

Water usage and quality, 34-35

Integrated pest management and chemicals, 32-33

Health and safety, 46-47

403-4

Worker participation, consultation, and 

communication on occupational health 

and safety

Health and safety, 46-47

Employee development and retention, 49

Stakeholder engagement table, 54

403-5

Worker training on occupational health 

and safety

Health and safety, 46-47

Employee development and retention, 49

Stakeholder engagement table, 54

403-6

Promotion of worker health

Responsible business practice during COVID-19, 36

Food security and community farming, 43

403-9

Work-related injuries

Health and safety, 46-47

Training and Education

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Employee development and retention, 49

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Employee development and retention, 49

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Employee development and retention, 49

GRI 404: Training 

and Education

404-2

Programmes for upgrading employee 

skills and transition assistance 

programmes

Employee development and retention, 49

Stakeholder engagement table, 54

Non-discrimination 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Non-discrimination, 48

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Non-discrimination, 48

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Non-discrimination, 48

GRI 406:

Non- 

Discrimination

406-1

Incidents of discrimination and corrective 

actions taken

No incidents of discrimination raised in 2019-2020

Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Our approach to sustainability, 15

Freedom of association, 48

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Freedom of association, 48

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Freedom of association, 48

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

71


Material Topics

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section, page or reason for omissions

GRI 407:

Freedom of

Association and

Collective 

Bargaining

407-1

Operations and suppliers in which the 

right to freedom of association and 

collective bargaining may be at risk

Freedom of association, 48

Child Labour 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Our approach to sustainability, 15-16

Child labour, 48

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Child labour, 48

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Child labour, 48

GRI 408:  

Child Labour 

408-1

Operations and suppliers at significant 

risk for incidents of child labour

Child labour, 48

Forced or Compulsory Labour 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Our approach to sustainability, 15-16

Bonded labour and migrant workers, 48

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Bonded labour and migrant workers, 48

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Bonded labour and migrant workers, 48

GRI 409:

Forced or 

Compulsory labour

409-1

Operations and suppliers at significant 

risk for incidents of forced or compulsory 

labour

Bonded labour and migrant workers, 48

Rights of Indigenous Peoples 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Our approach to sustainability, 15-16

Community land rights and partnerships, 36-37

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Community land rights and partnerships, 36-37 

Grievances and whistleblowing, 19

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Community land rights and partnerships, 36-37 

Grievances and whistleblowing, 19

GRI 411:

Rights of 

Indigenous 

Peoples

411-1

Incidents of violations involving rights of 

indigenous peoples

Grievances and whistleblowing, 19

Local Communities 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Our approach to sustainability, 15-16

Community land rights and partnerships, 36-37

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Our approach to sustainability, 15-16

Community land rights and partnerships, 36-37

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Our approach to sustainability, 15-16

Community land rights and partnerships, 36-37

GRI Content Index

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

72


Material Topics

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section, page or reason for omissions

GRI 413:  

Local 

Communities

413-1

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, and 

development programmes

Supply chain traceability and responsible sourcing, 

16-17

Environment, 22-35

Community land rights and partnership, 36-37

Smallholder partnerships, 50-53

Stakeholder engagement table, 54

Supplier Social Assessment 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Our approach to sustainability, 15-16

Supply chain traceability and responsible sourcing, 

16-17

Smallholder partnerships, 50-53

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Our approach to sustainability, 15-16

Supply chain traceability and responsible sourcing, 

16-17

Smallholder partnerships, 50-53

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Our approach to sustainability, 15-16

Supply chain traceability and responsible sourcing, 

16-17

Smallholder partnerships, 50-53

GRI 414:  

Supplier Social 

Assessment

414-1

New suppliers that were screened using 

social criteria

Our approach to sustainability, 15-16

Supply chain traceability and responsible sourcing, 

16-17

Smallholder partnerships, 50-53

414-2

Negative social impacts in the supply 

chain and actions taken

Our approach to sustainability, 15-16

Supply chain traceability and responsible sourcing, 

16-17

Smallholder partnerships, 50-53

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

73


Glossary

Biodiversity The diversity (number and variety of species) of plant and animal life.

Biological Oxygen Demand (BOD) The amount of oxygen used when organic matter undergoes decomposition by micro-

organisms. Testing for BOD is done to assess the amount of organic matter in water.

Bumitama Biodiversity and Community Project (BBCP) A collaborative programme co-founded by Bumitama and IDH – the 

Sustainable Trade Initiative to explore how wildlife protection can co-exist with sustainable production as part of a collaborative and 

landscape-based approach to land use. 

Carbon Dioxide Equivalents (CO2e) A universal standard of measurement against which the impacts of releasing (or avoiding the 

release of) different greenhouse gases can be evaluated.

Effluent Water discharged from one source into a separate body of water, such as mill process water.

Extraction Rate The amount of oil extracted from oil palm fruit at a mill. Crude palm oil (CPO) is extracted from the flesh; palm 

kernel oil (PKO) from the nut.

Free, Prior and Informed Consent (FPIC) The principle that a community has the right to give or withhold its consent to proposed 

projects that may affect the lands they customarily own, occupy or otherwise use.

Fresh Fruit Bunch (FFB) Bunches harvested from the oil palm tree. The weight of the fruit bunch ranges between 10 kg to 40 kg 

depends on the size and age.

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) A multi-stakeholder standard for sustainability reporting, providing guidance on determining 

report content and indicators.

Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Gases in the atmosphere that absorb and emit radiation within the thermal infrared range. The primary 

greenhouse gases in the Earth’s atmosphere are water vapour, carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, and ozone. 

High Conservation Values (HCVs) Areas with HCVs are natural habitats which are of outstanding significance or critical importance 

due to their high biological, ecological, social or cultural values. These areas need to be appropriately managed in order to maintain 

or enhance those identified values. There are six possible HCVs that can be identified, covering environmental and social aspects 

of a natural forest. 

High Carbon Stock Approach (HCSA) The HCSA is a global methodology used in agricultural land development planning that 

is currently applied in fragmented tropical landscapes on mineral soils in the humid tropics. The methodology distinguishes HCS 

forest areas for protection from degraded lands with low carbon and biodiversity values that may be considered for development.

Independent Director According to the Listing Manual of SGX, an independent director is one who has no relationship with 

the company, its related corporations (i.e. a corporation that is the company’s holding company, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary), 

its 10% shareholders or its officers that could interfere, or be reasonably perceived to interfere, with the exercise of the director’s 

independent business judgement with a view to the best interests of the company.

Independent Smallholder Small growers with less than 50 hectares, which are self-financed, managed, and equipped and are not 

bound to any one mill. They may deal directly with local mill operators of their choice or process their own palm oil using personal 

or community manual palm oil presses.

Integrated Pest Management (IPM) The careful consideration of all available pest control techniques and subsequent integration 

of appropriate measures that discourage the development of pest populations and keep pesticides and other interventions to levels 

that are economically justified and reduce or minimise risks to human health and the environment. IPM emphasises the growth of a 

healthy crop with the least possible disruption to agro-ecosystems and encourages natural pest control mechanisms.

International Labour Organization (ILO) A tripartite world body representative of labour, management and government, and 

is an agency of the United Nations. It disseminates labour information and sets minimum international labour standards called 

“conventions”, offered to member nations for adoption.

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

74


Indonesian Sustainable Palm Oil (ISPO) A mandatory certification scheme regulated by the Indonesian Ministry of Agriculture 

that aim to improve Indonesian palm oil competitiveness in the global market align with objective set by the President of Indonesia 

to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from Indonesian oil palm plantations and operations.

IUCN Red List Based in Switzerland, the International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources (also known as The 

World Conservation Union) is an organisation involved in the preservation of natural resources. IUCN publishes the Red Data Book, 

which lists the endangered species of every nation.

Mass Balance The RSPO system which allows for mixing of RSPO-certified and non-certified palm oil at any stage in the supply 

chain provided that overall company quantities are controlled. The mass balance model is constructed in such a way that volumes 

of RSPO certified product shipped will never exceed volumes received by the end-user. 

New Planting Procedure (NPP) The RSPO NPP consists of a set of assessments and verification activities to be conducted by 

RSPO grower members and certification bodies prior to a new oil palm development, in order to help guide responsible planting and 

ensure that social and environmental requirements have been met. The NPP report goes through a 30-day public consultation and 

planting and associated development can only begin once the NPP is complete and RSPO approval is granted.

Non-Executive Director A board director who does not currently hold other employment with the company. Unlike an independent 

director, a non-executive can have significant financial interests or close personal ties to the company.

Non-Governmental Organisation (NGO) Is used in this report to refer to grassroots and campaigning organisations focused on 

environmental or social issues.

Outgrowers Farmers, where the sale of FFB is exclusively contracted to the unit of certification. Outgrowers may be smallholders.

PalmGHG Calculator The RSPO PalmGHG calculator is a tool that calculates the emissions generated and sequestrated from 

activities and processes engaged during agricultural and mill stages. Refer to detailed scope and boundaries here. 

Palm Oil Mill Effluent (POME) A by-product of processed FFB.

Peat An accumulation of partially decayed vegetation matter. Peat forms in wetlands or peat lands, variously called bogs, moors, 

muskegs, pocosins, mires, and peat swamp forests. Land with soil having more than 65% organic matter is considered peatland. 

Plasma Schemes A programme initiated by the Indonesian government to encourage the development of smallholders’ plantations 

with the assistance and cooperation of plantation companies (the nucleus) which assist and support the surrounding community 

plantations (the plasma).

Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) A multi-stakeholder organisation based in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, that has 

developed a certification scheme for sustainable palm oil. All RSPO members must comply with the RSPO Principles and Criteria 

(P&amp;C), a set of stringent standards for the production of sustainable palm oil.

Segregated The segregated supply-chain model assures that RSPO-certified palm oil and its derivatives delivered to the end-user 

come only from RSPO-certified sources. It permits the mixing of RSPO-certified palm oil from a variety of sources.

Stakeholders Any group or individual who are affected by or can affect a company’s operations.

Social Forestry The management of forests for the benefits of local communities. It includes aspects such as forest management, 

forest protection, and afforestation of deforested lands with the objective of improving the rural, environmental, and social 

development.

Sustainability A term expressing a long-term balance between social, economic and environmental objectives. Often linked to 

sustainable development, which is defined as “development that meets the need of current generations without compromising the 

needs of future generations”.

Toxicity A measure of the degree to which a substance is harmful to living organisms. Toxicity in agricultural chemicals is measured 

using the LD50 methodology, i.e. the toxicity units corresponding to a lethal dose for 50% of a population of rats.

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

75


Contact

REGISTERED OFFICE

10 Anson Road

#11–19 International Plaza

Singapore 079903

Tel: (65) 6222 1332

Fax: (65) 6222 1336

www.bumitama-agri.com 

BUMITAMA AGRI LTD.

Sustainability Report 2020

76



























































REGISTERED OFFICE

10 Anson Road 

#11-19 International Plaza 

Singapore 079903

Tel:  (65) 6222 1332

Fax: (65) 6222 1336

www.bumitama-agri.com

























