






Refresh, 

Renew, 

Redefine

Sustainability Report











































































































LEED  

PLATINUM

2020 WINNER











































































































WESTIN 

AWARDS

2020 WINNER

THE NEW

BUND CENTER

THE WESTIN

BUND CENTER

The Heart Of The Bund

World-class Luxury Hotel  

Offering Premium Services






OUR CORE VALUE

• Positive Attitude

• Integrity

• Commitment

• Continuous Improvement

• Innovation

• Loyalty




CONTENTS

20

Environmental 

Responsibility

11

Our Stakeholders

12

Our Business

34

Corporate  

Social Responsibility

37

GRI Content Index

26

People &amp; Culture

02

Message from  

the Chairman and CEO

04

About Us

05

Board of Directors 

Statement

09

Sustainability 

Governance

10

Materiality

06

Our Sustainability 

Approach





The Bund Center – Tree of Life






Translated as “Love Warms One’s Heart”



“In response to the COVID-19 outbreak,  

Bund Center Investment Ltd has proactively 

provided crucial RMB 20 million donations 

as well as emergency supplies of 200,000 

face masks and other supports to Shanghai 

Public Welfare to timely help those  

front-line healthcare workers who are carrying 

out their rescue mission in China which was 

a matter of life and death ensuring that 

they have adequate protection in terms of 

medical protective supplies, consumable  

and 

disposable 

medical 

devices, 

pharmaceuticals, disinfection and cleaning 

supplies to Shanghai and other cities affected, 

including our employees, hotel guests and 

office tenants”.

MESSAGE FROM  

THE CHAIRMAN AND CEO





DEAR STAKEHOLDERS,

This year, in our fourth Sustainability Report, 

we have continue our Sustainability Framework 

with four pillars on which our strategies, targets 

and programs for sustainability are built. Since 

Bund Center Investment Ltd started monitoring 

and measuring our performance indicators for 

our material issues, we have gradually been 

evolving into an organisation whose operations 

are sustainably anchored on the United Nations 

Sustainable Development Goals. Our Bund Center, 

Shanghai comprised our Office Tower and Westin 

Bund Center, has regularly been assessing and 

mitigating environmental risks, while continuing 

investments to minimise negative environmental 

impacts, including reduction of greenhouse gas 

emissions.

It should also be noted that through a combination 

of 

infrastructure 

improvements, 

monitoring 

methods and reduction in business activities as a 

result of COVID-19, The Bund Center, Shanghai 

has recorded a 23.9% improvement in energy 

intensity and a 35.6% reduction in water intensity 

by GFA as compared to 2019. 

02

B U N D  C E N T E R  I N V E S T M E N T  LT D




MESSAGE FROM  

THE CHAIRMAN AND CEO

We believe that safety is a top priority that cannot be 

compromised. Across all entities within the Group, safety 

culture that is in place, conforms to the basics and principles 

of safety. We are also driven to positively contributing to 

the communities where we live and work and continuing 

our activities for local community development and social 

contribution, in particular, our support for youth educational 

programs in the hospitality industry. Lastly, we are bolstering 

ethics and compliance management to nurture a transparent 

and sound corporate culture. 

While our improvement efforts are constant and ongoing, 

the Sustainability Report is an opportunity to take stock, 

assess our position and share with all our stakeholders what 

has been achieved so far – as well as define new targets and 

objectives ahead. 

The COVID-19 global crisis has been disruptive worldwide 

and ensuring our business sustainability has become more 

important than ever. In line with our goal to build a sustainable 

and resilient business, we continue to make progress on our 

sustainability efforts to improve our business practices to 

reduce our impact on the environment and deliver greater 

social benefit. 

The publication of this Sustainability Report comes at a 

time when the world is facing enormous economic, health, 

and social challenges brought about by the COVID-19 

pandemic. Bund Center Investment Ltd is doing everything 

it can to support its employees and reaching out to help 

frontline healthcare workers and affected communities. 

Notwithstanding the challenges the world and our country 

are facing today, we remain optimistic of the long-term 

prospects as we continue to create value for our stakeholders 

while delivering sustainable growth. 

Our contributions to the United Nations Sustainability 

Development Goals are detailed in this Sustainability Report 

which is also published on the corporate website. To conserve 

the environment, no hard copies of this report will be printed.

And to all of you, to our customers, to our shareholders, our 

communities, we would like to thank you for your support and 

trust. 



Frankle (Djafar) Widjaja

Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Letter of Appreciation from the Shanghai Huangpu District Government

03

S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 0




ABOUT US

Bund Center Investment Ltd (“BCI” or “the Company”) and its 

subsidiaries (collectively “the Group”), listed on the Singapore 

Exchange and headquartered in Singapore, is principally 

involved in the investment holding property businesses in 

People’s Republic of China (“PRC”). Currently, it is engaged 

in the ownership of the Westin Bund Center Shanghai a five–

star hotel that is currently managed by Marriott International; 

and the ownership and management of commercial and retail 

properties, namely the Bund Center Office Tower in Shanghai 

and the Golden Center, a six-storey retail complex in Ningbo, 

Zhejiang Province, PRC. BCI, through its subsidiary, Shanghai 

Golden Bund Real Estates Co., owns the acclaimed brand, 

namely Westin Bund Center. 

Our unwavering commitment to architectural and quality 

excellence is reflected in our development, winning us 

prestigious prizes such as the FIABCI Prix d’Excellence Award 

and Top Ten Best Office Building in PRC. Our hotel, currently 

the only flagship Westin hotel in Shanghai, has won many 

accolades and established itself as a world class luxury hotel, 

having received the Star Diamond Award from The American 

Academy of Hospitality Sciences and Top 500 hotels in the 

world by Travel + Leisure magazine.

In 2020, we have also accelerated and completed an extensive 

refurbishment to the Office Tower public areas including a 

refreshed lobby design and an addition of facilities such as 

new Office Tower entrances and automated facial recognition 

and gating systems. 

We have also remarkably achieved the certification of 

Leadership in Energy and Environment Design (LEED) 

Platinum awarded by the U.S Green Building Council for our 

Office Tower. The LEED Platinum certification under the v4.1 

Operations &amp; Maintenance: Existing Buildings is a verification 

of our  building’s resource-efficiency, performance, and ability 

to create maximum green benefits for the environment and 

the tenants.  LEED certification recognises Bund Center as 

a showcase example of sustainability and demonstrates the 

leadership in transforming the commercial real estate industry. 

BCI achieved a commendable operating performance with a 

total profit of S$9.6 million and recorded a revenue of S$68.8 

million with an EBITDA of S$32.9 million for FY2020.

Please refer to our Annual Report 2020 for additional details 

on our corporate structure and our financial results.



Bund Center Investment Ltd (“BCI” or “the 

Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively 

“the Group”), listed on the Singapore Exchange 

and headquartered in Singapore, is principally 

involved in the investment holding property 

businesses in People’s Republic of China 

(“PRC”).

04

B U N D  C E N T E R  I N V E S T M E N T  LT D




BOARD OF DIRECTORS  

STATEMENT

We are pleased to present BCI’s forth sustainability report 

for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (“FY 2020”), 

which has been prepared with a reference to the Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards and aligned to the SGX 

Sustainability Reporting Guidelines. This Report covers the 

sustainable performance from the hotel, Westin Bund Center 

Shanghai and the office, Bund Center Office Tower. 

This Sustainability Report, approved by the Board of Directors 

(“Board”), presents BCI’s material environmental, social, and 

governance (“ESG”) issues, and our continuing approach 

in managing these issues. The COVID-19 pandemic has 

raised global awareness of the importance of ESG, as major 

disruptions to business can come from anywhere, including 

the environment. We are reviewing BCI’s sustainability 

strategy with a view to setting a more ambitious sustainability 

roadmap to better future-proof our business operation. The 

Board is supported by the Audit Committee as well as the 

Enterprise Risk Management Committee in managing the 

Group’s sustainability initiatives and programs.

The Board, together with the Management, is committed to 

managing relevant ESG risks and opportunities across our 

different assets, while extending our support through this 

COVID-19 turbulent times and contributing positively to 

the environment and society. The Board had considered the 

material ESG factors as part of its strategic formulation, and 

determined the material ESG factors as well as overseen the 

management and monitoring of the material ESG factors.

In FY2020, we continued to report on our sustainability 

performance and focused on these four sustainability pillar 

areas.

Despite the COVID-19 disruption to our business, BCI 

has remained committed to attaining good sustainability 

performance and we will remain vigilant and steadfast in 

our commitments to sustainability efforts for the sustainable 

growth and development of the community and environment 

of which we are a part.

We recommend reading this report together with our Annual 

Report 2020, which provides key information on our financial 

performances as well as additional details on our corporate 

governance and risk management. Both reports are critical 

communication pieces in the ongoing and transparent 

engagement of our stakeholders.

BCI’s sustainability report will be published on an annual basis 

and also made available on our corporate website. 

Should the reader have any comment and feedback regarding 

this sustainability report, please contact John Woo, Chief 

Risk Officer, Bund Center Investment Ltd at john.woo@

bundcenter.com



05

S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 0








OUR ENVIRONMENT

City in Nature - We help 

contribute to a green, liveable 

and sustainable home for people.

OUR SUSTAINABILITY  

APPROACH

06

B U N D  C E N T E R  I N V E S T M E N T  LT D






IMPACT OF THE GLOBAL 

COVID-19 PANDEMIC

This global crisis has highlighted the importance of our role 

in advancing the United Nations Sustainable Development 

Goals (SDGs). Out of crisis comes opportunity: to rethink 

hospitality, mitigate impacts on lives and economies, and 

rebuild, access reskilling training and an internal learning 

promoting resilience, self-awareness and self-care. 

The material topics presented in this report are prioritised 

via a stakeholder-inclusive process to focus our efforts, scale 

up positive impact, and support long-term sustainability 

and resilience. This report summarises the challenges and 

successes during this difficult period of our journey, as well as 

our challenging future ambitions.



OUR SUSTAINABILITY  

APPROACH

“COVID-19 is a journey that enhances our 

knowledge and understanding of people, 

cultures and the use of technology. We 

unlearn past practices that must be 

discarded to support a more sustainable 

and resilient future to bring out the best in 

people and build a better environment “.







At BCI, the pursuit of sustainability guides our approach to 

doing business. We recognise that sustainable development 

is fundamental to our long-term success and growth.

Each material topic is aligned with the United Nations 

Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). We continually work 

to integrate sustainability into all aspects of our operations 

and set aligned our efforts with the UN Sustainable 

Development Goals (SDGs). While we prioritise the interests 

of all our stakeholders, we also create long-term value for 

our shareholders, with the goal to creating a positive social 

economic and environmental impact for the local communities 

and the wider societies in which we operate.

As we change and grow, the beliefs that are most important to 

us stay the same—putting people first, pursuing excellence, 

embracing change, acting with integrity and serving our 

world. Being part of our Group means being part of a proud 

history and a thriving international culture.

The global pandemic has fundamentally changed society, with 

many unforeseen and unpredictable impacts. Consequently, 

our proposed revision of our material topic assessment 

shall be delayed until post-pandemic period to ensure that 

we capture stakeholder sentiments, identify new priorities, 

set align ambitious targets and establish processes for our 

journey to align with the SDGs. 

The Goals are integrated within how the Group approaches 

its daily operations, taking into consideration its impact on 

people who are part of those daily operations and society at 

large in the respective sections.

ALIGNMENT WITH SDGS*

International cultures performance at Westin Bund Center Sunday Brunch

07

S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 0




OUR SUSTAINABILITY  

APPROACH

COMMERCIAL LEASING

We develop and operate malls, offices, and hotels in China, represented by our flagship Bund 

Center Office Tower, Westin Bund Center and The Golden Center Mall.

140,000 sq m of office gross floor area 

200,000 sq m of mall gross floor area 

570 hotel rooms 

CLIMATE ACTION

We recognise the need to mitigate climate change and are committed to continuously monitoring 

our energy and water consumption usage. 

In line with our energy efficiency initiatives and partially attributed  to reduction in business activities 

as a result of COVID-19, we recorded a reduction of 23.7% in our GHG emissions intensity per 

square meter of GFA between 2019 and 2020. 

Building water intensity by GFA occupied decreased from 3.03m3/m2 in 2019 to 1.95 m3/m2 in 

2020. 

SUSTAINABLE COMMUNITIES 

A total of 548 employees employed at Bund Center Office Tower and Westin Bund Center. 

As of 31 December 2020, each employee has achieved an average of 56.8 hours of training with an 

overall turnover rate of 16.2%.

HOW WE CONTRIBUTE TO THE 

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS















08

B U N D  C E N T E R  I N V E S T M E N T  LT D






SUSTAINABILITY  

GOVERNANCE

The Company’s Enterprise Risk Management 

Committee (“ERMC”) oversees the sustainability 

initiatives and directions of the Company, making 

sure that they are complied with an aim of creating 

value for the Company and its stakeholders, 

which is central to the Company’s strategic effort 

in building a sustainability culture. The ERMC 

champions the sustainability principles, initiatives, 

and programs during the year and helps to 

establish departmental sustainability objectives 

and performance indicators and is instrumental 

in the production of the annual sustainability 

report. The ERMC comprises representatives from 

the company’s business units, bringing together 

to collectively work on driving the value of 

sustainability across the Company.

Our sustainability structure consists of senior 

management, middle management and employees 

from various functions. The senior management 

of various operation departments is responsible 

for guiding each department to work towards 

achieving common sustainability goals and targets.

Audit Committee  

(AC)

Board of  

Directors

Enterprise Risk 

Management Committee 

(ERMC)

Provide oversight on 

significant environmental, 

social and governance issues 

that might impact BCI’s long 

term business objective

Review and recommend the 

board statement required 

to be included in the annual 

sustainability report prior to 

its issuance

Review BCI sustainability 

program and reports 

and ensure full company 

support towards sustainable 

development

Our senior management from various operation departments

09

S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 0


MATERIALITY

Our material topics were identified in 2017 when we 

conducted our first materiality assessment. The materiality 

matrix below maps out the economic, environmental and 

social topics that are material to BCI after an internal review 

in 2019. The material topics identified in 2019, were internally 

reviewed and continued to remain significant to the business 

in 2020. BCI is taking a phased approach to gradually include 

additional GRI disclosure as reporting and data collection 

matures. 

The criteria for BCI’s material analysis were explored and 

selected based on industry international standards, peer 

benchmarking based on companies with similar operations, 

media 

analysis, 

internal 

responses 

and 

management 

awareness. The 17 United Nations Sustainable Development 

Goals (SDGs) were also considered when identifying these 

material topics.

We have identified the following four Sustainability Pillars for BCI and grouped the prioritised material topics to be reported 

under each Pillar.

SUSTAINABILITY PILLAR

MATERIAL TOPICS

RELEVANT GRI STANDARD 

(where applicable)

Our Business

Governance (G)

GRI 205 Anti-Corruption

GRI 419 Socioeconomic Compliance

GRI 418 Customer Privacy

Responsible Procurement (RP)

Services Quality, Customer Well-Being (SC)

Environmental Responsibility

Energy Management (EM)

GRI 302 &amp; 305 Energy and Emissions

Water Management (Water)

GRI 303 Water

Waste Management (WM)

GRI 306 Effluents and Waste

People and Culture

Employee Welfare (EW)

GRI 401 Employment

Fair Employment Practices (FEP)

GRI 405 Equal Employment Opportunity

GRI 406 Non-Discrimination

Talent Development (TD)

GRI 404 Training and Education

Workplace Health &amp; Safety (WHS)

GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety

Community

Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)

1

1

2

2

3

3

4

4

5

5

Significance of economic, environmental, &amp; social impacts

Influence on stakeholder assessment &amp; decisions

WHS

SC

FEP

TD

EW

WM

W

EM

G

CSR

RP

10

B U N D  C E N T E R  I N V E S T M E N T  LT D


OUR STAKEHOLDERS

BCI uses a broad range of communication channels to communicate with each of our stakeholder groups. Stakeholder 

requirements collected through these channels are addressed in a timely manner through collaboration with related business 

unit heads. 

In 2020, face-to-face meetings were difficult or impractical. A monthly e-bulletin was also implemented to summarise key efforts 

towards our broader sustainability goals and objectives carried out at our properties to help meet the needed health and 

hygiene challenges necessary for recovery.

Our stakeholders identified include office tenants, hotel guests, employees, investors, regulators and the local community. 

These stakeholder groups are defined by the various businesses we engage in, and the people that we interact with and are 

accountable to. The engagement with various stakeholders is summarised below. 

Stakeholder Group

Frequency of Engagement

Mode of Engagement

Office tenants

Continuous

Emails 

Annual satisfaction surveys

Marketing surveys

Potential tenants and hotel guests

Continuous

Marketing surveys

Employees

Continuous

Face-to-face feedback with supervisors

Annual employee satisfaction surveys

Investors

Continuous

Quarterly announcements on Stock Exchange

Emails

Face-to-face discussions

Regulators

Continuous

Quarterly meetings

Face-to-Face discussions

Other members of the public

Annual

Annual corporate brand awareness survey

Local Community

Continuous

Corporate social responsibility programs



Our Bund Center Shanghai is a timeless symbol and powerful reminder of our connections to everything around us  along the Mother River of Huangpu. 

11

S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 0




We are committed to upholding the highest standards of 

governance in our business operations. To guide us in our 

commitment, we exercise integrity and honesty in all aspects 

of our operations. Compliance to regulatory requirements is 

the primary basis of good governance.

ANTI-CORRUPTION (GRI 205-3)

We established policies to guide us in ensuring that our 

business practices are ethically conducted with a firm stance 

against corruption. We adopted a zero-tolerance policy 

towards fraud, corruption and unethical actions. Our Code of 

Conduct provides our employees direction on the standards 

of ethical behaviour required of them. In addition, our whistle 

blowing policy ensures all our internal or external stakeholders 

to report any suspected breach of conduct, bribery, 

corruption, fraud or any other misconduct through any of our 

whistleblowing channels without fear of repercussion. 

For the Westin Bund Center, our anti-corruption policy aligns 

with operator Marriott International. The anti-corruption 

policy1 of Marriott International complies with the U.S. Foreign 

Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”) and the UK Bribery act. All 

new employees are required to attend mandatory awareness 

training on the company’s policies. 

In 2020, there were no legal cases regarding corruption which 

were brought against the Group, or its subsidiaries during the 

year under review. We aim to have zero incident of corruption 

in 2021. We are also continuing a Global Anti-Corruption 

training for our employees in 2020.

1 

Any person acting on behalf of Marriott International or any of its 

affiliates (“Marriott”) must engage in honest competition and observe 

applicable anti-corruption and anti-bribery directives set forth in the 

Marriott Corporate Policy Manual [Ethical Conduct , Global Anti-

Corruption (Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and U.K. Bribery Act), 

Enterprise Records Management  and Centralized Procurement Services 

, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and related U.S. laws, and, outside 

the United States, the anti-corruption/anti-bribery laws established by 

any country in which we are conducting business.



A 

robust 

governance 

and 

risk 

management framework guides BCI 

in conducting our business fairly and 

ethically with a zero-tolerance approach 

towards corruption. Compliance to 

relevant laws and regulations as well 

as standards and policies remains the 

foundation of our business practices. 

We are committed to ensuring that 

our supply chain continues to practice 

responsibility and accountability in 

their procurement process.

“We Are One”

OUR BUSINESS

GOVERNANCE

Our Dedicated Team

12

B U N D  C E N T E R  I N V E S T M E N T  LT D


OUR BUSINESS

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE (GRI 419-1)

Compliance is not only a legal obligation but also an ethical 

and moral requirement. We continue to pursue this as our top 

priority, ensuring that our business practices are conducted 

in accordance with local and international laws as well as to 

standards and policies. Employees receive regular training to 

keep up to date with any changes to relevant laws, regulations 

and policies. We have implemented the “Risk Management: 

Security is Everyone’s Responsibility” training for our 

employees to assess the potential risks that can materialize. 





Fighting The COVID-19 pandemic

In 2020, there were no fines arising from a non-compliance 

with any laws, regulations, codes, standards and policies. We 

aim to maintain a clean record with no incident of regulatory 

non-compliance in 2021. 

To raise health and safety awareness among our tenants, we 

have included safety signage in public spaces and constantly 

engaged our tenants through talks, activities and fire drills. In 

2020, there were 9 injuries involving members of the public. 

Most of the reported incidents were due to human error 

caused by visitors. After each incident, a detailed investigation 

is carried out and results of the investigation will clearly spell 

out the cause and repercussions, as well as the corrective 

action taken to prevent recurrence of similar incidents. These 

reports are subsequently presented and discussed at the 

Monthly Operations Meeting.

CUSTOMER PRIVACY (GRI 418-1)

Our customers’ data is treated with strict confidentiality at 

BCI. With the ever-changing technological advances and 

increasing data security threats, we have put in place robust 

system controls to safeguard our customers’ information. 

We comply with the requirements in the Chinese Standard 

on Personal Information Security Specification, which covers 

the collection, storage, use, sharing, transfer, and disclosure 

of personal information, so as to  reduce the risks of data 

breach and exposure.  in 2020, we will also be introducing 

the Information Security and Protection Training (ISPT) for 

our employees to understand the protocols of dealing with 

sensitive information.



Security Face Recognition Turnstile with facial recognition system  

to verify the identity of tenants and visitors entering the Office Tower



All the personal information is stored in the local server in 

our IT room with 24 hours monitoring and security. As per 

the security control system of Bund Center, we ensure that 

the staff will not have any free-access to personal information 

(e.g., facial recognition information) of tenants and visitors.

13

S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 0


SERVICES QUALITY, 

CUSTOMER WELL-BEING

We pride ourselves in providing a quality and secure 

experience for our customers. We are also committed 

to providing each guest with an exceptional level 

of customer service experiences, and value the 

opportunity to receive feedback from our guests 

through different feedback channels. This allows us 

to better meet the requirements and expectations of 

our guests and in turn, achieve an exceptional level of 

customer service experiences. 

Through various interactive community activities, we 

enhance the working relationship with our customers 

and tenants. Looking after the safety and well-being 

of our customers is of utmost importance, in creating 

a sense of security and comfort to navigate their daily 

lives. We continue to review and benchmark our safety 

standards against the industry best practices and strive 

to continue improving our safety measures in our 

buildings. 

OUR BUSINESS















Share Your Smiles Marriott Campaign



Chinese  New Year greetings and visit to  Nowergian Consulate



Our Appreciation Visit to UBS



Our Appreciation visit to CMA CGM



Tenant Appreciation Visit

14

B U N D  C E N T E R  I N V E S T M E N T  LT D


CUSTOMER SATISFACTION 

We 

prioritize 

our 

strong 

relationships with our guests and 

customers by continually striving 

to improve our service standards 

and making our guests and 

tenants feel completely at home. 

Our senior management team 

members are fully committed 

to reading every feedback form 

submitted by our customers and 

will take the necessary follow-

up action. Through a system 

of guest/tenant feedback and 

other 

forms 

of 

stakeholder 

engagement, 

we 

formulate 

policies 

and 

best 

practices 

for a positive and enriching 

experience 

and 

environment 

for our stakeholders and local 

communities. 

The 

ability 

to 

retain existing customers and the 

ability to attract new customers 

are critical to our business 

sustainability. 

OUR BUSINESS











Customer Appreciation Week







Tenants Survey on Amenities in Bund Center



15

S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 0


WE OFFER YOU 

CLEANER AIR.

All our guest rooms are equipped with an upgraded air conditioning 

filtration that will reduce 75% of PM2.5 particles and allergens from the 

outdoors entering rooms. As per China national code standards, indoor 

PM2.5 below 35 μg/m³ can be classified as “Excellent” level. 

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION

Our frontline staff, managers of the hotels, guides from our experiential 

travel services strive to get to know our customers personally – their 

likes and dislikes, suggestions and concerns. Customer feedback 

through feedback forms and online platforms is constantly analysed by 

management and team members in order to identify improvement points 

as well as to provide a curated experience that meets our customers’ 

needs. This helps in resolving issues quickly for our customers and builds 

our ongoing relationships with them. By letting them know that we 

care, we also aim to build strong bonds with our customers and create 

customer loyalty for our hotel, experiences and services. The strong 

commitment of all team members ensures a consistently high level of 

guest satisfaction. 

We were listed in the TripAdvisor’s 2020 Traveller’s Choice Awards, with 

average rating scores of 9 and above.

In light of the current COVID-19 situation, monitoring the satisfaction of 

our customers are an utmost important task for us in order to continuously 

provide strategies which meet our guests and tenants’ needs, satisfaction 

and preferences. We plan to focus on training our frontline employees 

in FY2021 on the new normal Guest Experience with an emphasis on 

Service Excellence Standards. 

OUR BUSINESS













Greeting Little Guests



Westin Family Cooking Class



Kids activity at Treats



16

B U N D  C E N T E R  I N V E S T M E N T  LT D






CUSTOMER WELL-BEING 

Safety and crisis management

Since the initial cases of Covid-19 were announced in 

Shanghai in February 2020, BCI has taken all the necessary 

preventive measures to ensure the safety and well-being 

of our customers and staff. When the Westin Bund Center 

re-opened in May 2020, we had implemented a thorough 

process of cleaning and disinfection to safeguard our hotels 

and guest experiences, as well as services provided to our 

honourable guests.

On arrival at our offices and launch sites, our staff conduct 

temperature screening for all guests. Guests are also informed 

of giving due respect to the social distancing requirements of 

at least one meter away from other guests whenever possible, 

and to stay in designated areas and not to visit other groups 

to minimise co-mingling among guests.

These safe distancing requirements, cleaning and disinfection 

practices and training, and relevant health and safety standard 

operating procedures (SOPs) for our staff is to ensure that 

local and international guidelines and best practices are 

properly adhered to within the premises of our hotel and 

office. Where our frontline staffs are required to be at work, 

they are provided with twice a day temperature screening and 

personal protective equipment (PPE) such as face mask, face 

shield, hair nets and gloves.

Standing hand-in-hand with tenants

2020 is an extraordinary year for all of us. We weathered the 

COVID-19 pandemic together, supported each other and 

fought against the crisis. Standing hand-in-hand with tenants 

to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic and to keep the virus 

at bay.

OUR BUSINESS

Our focus on safety is not only 

embedded in our policies, 

procedures and trainings, but 

also reflected by our response 

to the COVID-19 pandemic.





We were listed in the TripAdvisor’s 2020 Travelers’ Choice Awards and we were in the top 10% of hotels worldwide.



Mask distribution to Norwegian Consulate and South African Consulate. 





17

S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 0






RESPONSIBLE 

PROCUREMENT

We acknowledge that the broad impact of our 

everyday activities can have on our operating 

ecosystem and we are committed to ensuring that 

our supply chain serves us in a responsible and 

sustainable manner. At BCI, our operations are 

dependent on building a reliable supply chain that 

includes food suppliers, building equipment, hotel 

suppliers.

Westin Bund Center is committed to upholding 

the responsible business practices as laid out by 

our managing operator, Marriott International. We 

follow the Global Procurement Supplier Conduct 

Guidelines2 as guidance and expect our vendors 

and suppliers to operate with the same high 

standards of compliance and ethics, delivering a 

sustainable sourcing approach across our supply 

chain.

2 

Marriott’s 

Global 

Procurement 

Supplier 

Conduct 

Guidelines (“Supplier Guidelines”) set forth the principles, 

standards and guidelines that we expect our suppliers to 

uphold and that are applicable to all Marriott officers, 

managers and employees in Marriott’s global operations.

OUR BUSINESS



LIVE FRESH LOBSTERS at Prego | Level 2





Sustainable food use is more than just what we eat, 

but where it is sourced and how it is produced.

18

B U N D  C E N T E R  I N V E S T M E N T  LT D


We ensure that human rights are respected throughout 

the supply chain without any form of forced or exploitative 

labour. In our commitment to fight against human trafficking, 

we became a signatory of the ECPAT3 Code of Conduct and 

made human trafficking awareness training a requirement.  

3 

The Tourism Child-Protection Code of Conduct (The Code) is the 

world’s first and only voluntary set of business principles travel and tour 

companies can implement to prevent sexual exploitation and trafficking 

of children. The Code provides awareness, tools, and support to the 

travel and hospitality industry. The Code is a joint venture between the 

tourism private sector and ECPAT. Companies that endorse The Code 

are supported by ECPAT-USA

OUR BUSINESS



In Westin Bund Center, we adhere strictly to 

regulated food safety standards to ensure the 

highest levels of food safety.



Our chefs checking organically grown vegetables used  

in our Organic Teppanyaki @ The Stage | Lobby Level.



Participation at the Yao Foundation on Eat Well menu









In 2020, Westin Bund Center worked closely with our suppliers 

to improve our environmental and social image by launching 

an internal education and awareness campaign on responsible 

seafood at our dining facilities. 

19

S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 0




ENVIRONMENTAL  

RESPONSIBILITY

At BCI, we understand the significant impacts of climate change and thus 

our responsibility to protect and conserve our environmental ecosystem. 

We recognize that our activities could potentially have an adverse impact 

on the environment if we fail to have this realisation and recognition; 

therefore we are fully committed to reducing our energy and water 

usage as well as managing our waste more responsibly.

We have a clear ambition to enhancing our operational and financial 

performance while continuously reducing our environmental impact. 

As part of the environmental compliance and ongoing operational 

permit, BCI abides by stringent health, safety and environmental (“HSE”) 

regulations such as liquid waste management, fire safety certification and 

equipment licenses. Audits are conducted on our operational feasibility 

and permit certificates issued upon compliance with these requirements.

ENERGY MANAGEMENT

ENERGY &amp; EMISSIONS (GRI 302-1, GRI 305-1)

Nature serves as an inspiration in our design process and as a commitment 

to minimizing our footprint, and so our buildings are designed with green 

architectural features to conserve energy, and water. With maximum 

sunlight penetration, our buildings reduce solar heat thus boosting 

energy efficiencies and optimize air circulation. The sun also provides 

natural light to our buildings and outdoor common walkways, thus 

reducing the use of lighting energy consumption.







We understand the significant impacts of climate 

change and thus our responsibility to protect and 

conserve our environmental ecosystem.



Our Green City



Our Bund Center in Autumn

20

B U N D  C E N T E R  I N V E S T M E N T  LT D


In 2020, Bund Center Office Tower and Westin Bund Center 

continued switching to energy saving and sensor-activated 

LED lightings in common areas, guest rooms, carpark, 

basements, IT rooms and back of house. This together with 

the reduction of business activities as a result of COVID-19 

resulted in a 23.7% decrease in energy usage and carbon 

footprint. We continued with several other initiatives to 

reduce consumption of energy across our buildings such as 

an electrical switchboards replacement project made during 

the year, and other gradual implementation of control timing 

function for our air-conditioning systems. 

Every little act goes a long way, even the simple acts of 

switching off lights during the lunch period reduces energy 

wastage. Looking ahead beyond 2020, BCI is looking towards 

increasing energy efficiency by implementing LED lightings 

system on a level-to-level basis.



All figures in this section are based on the two buildings, Bund 

Center Office Tower and Westin Bund Center. Our current 

system of data collection does not provide for separate 

reporting of our electricity and water consumption for Bund 

Center Office Tower and Westin Bund Center. Hence, the 

reported total energy consumption includes consumption of  

both buildings.

The Westin Bund Center and Bund Center Office Tower will 

continually seek opportunities to reduce our GHG emissions, 

and are using the low nitrogen emission burner for our 

boilers, which will maximise our energy efficiency and reduce 

our carbon footprint. 

TOTAL ENERGY CONSUMPTION

for Bund Center Office Tower and Westin Bund Center



2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

20,000

25,000

30,000

35,000

mWh

31,162

31,880

30,716

30,292

30,012

22,912

The total energy consumption has decreased from 30,012 mWh in 2019 to 

22,912 mWh in 2020.



ENVIRONMENTAL  

RESPONSIBILITY





Environmental contribution: Natural light from the atrium’s glass ceiling set against a cantilevered glass staircase.



Natural lights ventilation on top of Heavenlies Lounge

21

S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 0


ENVIRONMENTAL  

RESPONSIBILITY

TOTAL GHG EMISSIONS 

for Bund Center Office Tower and Westin Bund Center

20,000

25,000

30,000

35,000



2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

31,069

31,784

30,624

30,202

29,922

22,843

Tonnes Co2e

Our total GHG emissions decreased by 23.7% between 2019 and 2020.

TOTAL GHG EMISSIONS INTENSITY BY GFA

for Bund Center Office Tower and Westin Bund Center

150

200

250



2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

Kg Co2e/m2

209.9

214.7

206.9

204.0

202.8

154.3

GHG emissions intensity per GFA occupied improved by 23.9%, from 202.8 Kg 

Co2e/m2 in 2019 to 154.3 Kg Co2e/m2 in 2020.



Indicators 

Scope

Target 

Performance in 2020

Total Energy Consumption

Bund Center Office Tower and 

Westin Bund Center

1% reduction of energy 

intensity by GFA  

(Base year: 2018)

Achieved 23.9% improvement 

in energy intensity  



We continually seek opportunities to reduce our GHG emissions. 

22

B U N D  C E N T E R  I N V E S T M E N T  LT D


WATER MANAGEMENT

WATER (GRI 303-1)

Water is a valuable resource. We recognize that our business 

operations have an impact on water consumption. The 

constraints on the quality and quantity of water available will 

limit our ability to operate effectively. 

Our efforts of reducing water consumption included a 

number of initiatives. We installed water tap fittings with 

sensors to reduce overflowing losses. Our water consumption 

for cooling tower was managed through water recirculation. 

Rainwater was collected and recycled to water plants and 

wash common areas.

In 2020, Bund Center Office Tower and Westin Bund Center 

recorded a total water consumption of 289,000m3. Our 

buildings recorded a reduction of 35.6% in water consumption 

as compared to 2019. This is due to the upgrading project 

on water saving devices in our office towers and at the same 

time, due to the COVID-19 situation, the average occupancy 

rates also dropped which pulled down the water consumption 

figures. 

We continue to monitor our water consumption to minimise 

water wastages and are planning to implement regiment of 

water usage monitoring to detect abnormal usage patterns 

by the respective business unit on a weekly basis. We also 

plan to install new air-con cooling water system to split the 

IT room and chiller on a level-to-level basis, and target to 

upgrade our water saving device in order to reduce the water 

intensity by 1% in 2021. 



ENVIRONMENTAL  

RESPONSIBILITY

BUILDINGS WATER CONSUMPTION

for Bund Center Office Tower and Westin Bund Center



200

300

400

500

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

Thousand m3

426

460

487

461

449

289

Total buildings water consumption has reduced by 35.6% in 2020 compared 

to 2019.

BUILDINGS WATER INTENSITY BY GFA

for Bund Center Office Tower and Westin Bund Center



1.5

2.5

2.0

3.5

3.0

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

m3/m2

2.88

3.11

3.29

3.11

3.03

1.95

Building water Intensity by GFA occupied recorded a decrease of 35.6% in 

2020 as compared to 2019.

Indicators 

Scope

Target 

Performance  

in 2020

Water 

Intensity

Bund Center 

Office Tower 

and Westin 

Bund Center

1% reduction 

of water 

intensity by 

GFA (Base 

year:2018)

Achieved 35.6% 

reduction in water 

intensity by GFA

* 

All water consumed is municipal water (third party water). 

Water is a valuable resource. We recognize 

that our business operations have an 

impact on water consumption.





23

S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 0


WASTE MANAGEMENT

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE (GRI 306-2)

Proper waste disposal methods are necessary to prevent any 

contamination in our water systems. We practice waste segregation in 

our buildings and ensure that no hazardous wastes are sent to the landfill. 

Examples of hazardous waste generated on site include batteries from 

lamps and dry-cleaning slag, which are disposed by authorized, licensed 

waste disposal contractors. 

Responsible consumption and disposal of resources reduces climate 

change impacts and supports healthy environments and communities. 

BCI reduces consumption rates through improved efficiency, adoption of 

new practices and technology, and awareness programmes to encourage 

behavioural change and best practice. The principles of reducing, 

reusing and recycling have been implemented at all properties. Our key 

priorities for waste management mainly comprise of managing our waste 

properly, implementing the concept of a circular economy – reducing, 

reusing, recycling and replacing throughout our business operations, and 

eliminating single-use plastics,where possible.

ENVIRONMENTAL  

RESPONSIBILITY



REDUCE IMPACT OF OPERATIONS ON ENVIRONMENT,  

REDUCE USE OF PLASTICS / INTRODUCING AND INCREASING RECYCLING EFFORTS

Since 1st July 2019, Shanghai Municipal Government had issued a regulation that toothbrushes, combs, shaving razors, nail 

files, bath brushes and shoeshine brushes were no longer allowed by law to be pre-set up in guest rooms unless requested by 

the guests.



We continue to expand our waste reduction strategy through our single-use plastics reduction initiatives. The issue of single-use 

plastics is a concern and one that clearly requires global commitment and collaborative action. We have reduced plastic waste 

through initiatives such as use of that of wood combs, paper container and glass bottles or to avoid the use of plastic straws 

with a more environmentally friendly product. 





24

B U N D  C E N T E R  I N V E S T M E N T  LT D


ENVIRONMENTAL  

RESPONSIBILITY

FOOD WASTE PREVENTION 

To improve the recycling initiatives in our buildings, we had rolled out a food waste monitoring system – Winnow, in our 

restaurants in late 2019. This system helped us monitor the type and amount of food waste generated, and also to better 

understand where and how we can reduce the amount of food waste generated in our restaurants. 

In 2020, we recorded 362 tonnes of waste disposed of in our hospitality business, with 50 tonnes of waste recycled. The amount 

of non-hazardous waste generated in 2020 was reduced by 51.3%, from 743 tonnes in 2019 to 362 tonnes in 2020. The lower 

occupancy rates of our hotels and higher volume of recycled items from guest rooms contributed to the reduced figure.

Indicators 

Scope

Target 

Performance in 2020

Waste 

Management

Westin Bund 

Center

Reduce the food waste, the usage of plastic bags and 

plastic straw, disposable plastic amenity bottles in a 

hotel’s bathroom, restyling the florals, and manage the 

food waste solutions. 

13.8% of waste generated in 

2020 was recycled.

Waste 

Management 

Bund Center 

Office Tower

Reduce the usage of plastic bags and paper, and 

renovation waste recycling 







Food waste prevention



Our Pastry Chef trying out the Winnow system



Responsible consumption is crucial in a resource limited world. Across BCI’s operations,  

we actively manage our food waste and water impacts to ensure that we minimise excessive resource 

use and waste creation. Beyond impacts from our direct operations, we also contribute actively to 

programs and initiatives that support responsible consumption.

25

S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 0




PUTTING PEOPLE FIRST

People are our most important assets. Our “People First” culture drives our efforts to care for both our employees and 

customers. We pride ourselves in providing an inclusive working environment with equal employment opportunities based only 

on objective factors. Any form of discrimination based on color, race, religion or any other type of distinguishing characteristic 

is not tolerated. 

PEOPLE &amp; CULTURE

CARING FOR PEOPLE, 

DEVELOPING OUR HUMAN CAPITAL

We continually strive to building our internal pipeline of talent, helping 

associates develop the knowledge and skills they need to progress within 

our company. In addition to maintaining fair employment principles, we also 

support associates wellbeing through our culture.

Our people culture is based on cultivating a relationship of understanding 

and mutual respect. At BCI, we work hard to ensure that we have the right 

people who share our values and are passionate to do the right thing in the 

organization. We strive towards creating a working environment where our 

employees take pride in their work and are equipped with the right tools 

to perform their tasks and provided opportunities for skills development. 

Keeping our workers engaged is critical for a continued sustainable growth 

of our business. 

We encourage a diversified workforce and hire people from different age 

groups, including the re-employment of persons aged above 50. The 

relatively higher ratio of male to female employees is mainly due to the 

nature of our business of real estate and property management and the 

supply of manpower available to us on internship. As an equal opportunity 

employer, a balanced gender composition of our workforce is reflected in 

middle management and higher.

In 2020, BCI employed a total of 548 employees in our operations in 

Shanghai, of whom 57% are males and 43% are females. Overall, a total 

of 94% are hired on a permanent basis and 6% of our employees are hired 

on a temporary basis, with the gender breakdown between permanent 

and temporary employees illustrated in the charts on the following pages. 

Temporary employees typically have a term of 6 months. 





We work hard to ensure that we have the right people who 

share our values and are passionate to do the right thing 

in our organization.



Celebrating Women Day



Above : Kiki Zhang, our Assistant Sales Manager and  

Below: Angel Zeng, our Pastry Chef 

26

B U N D  C E N T E R  I N V E S T M E N T  LT D


PEOPLE &amp; CULTURE

EMPLOYEE WELFARE

EMPLOYMENT (GRI-401-1, GRI 401-2, GRI 401-3)

We recognize that it is our responsibility as an employer 

to provide a conducive and inclusive workplace for our 

employees’ development, well-being and satisfaction, in 

turn, boosting employee morale. Employees retention is 

crucial to maintaining a continuous success at BCI.  Through 

our engagement activities, we observe significant levels 

of satisfaction among our employees. BCI recorded a total 

voluntary turnover of 89 with an overall turnover rate of 16.2% 

in 2020 which was lower than the national average. This serves 

as a testament to our initiatives in improving employees’ well-

being and satisfaction.

BCI prioritises employees’ welfare. We believe in providing a 

competitive remuneration package guided by legal standards 

and based on their experience, position, and competence. 

Other benefits including insurance coverage, healthcare 

benefits, parental leave, subsidy for marriage and grievance, 

and retirement provisions are provided for all our employees. 

As of 31 December 2020, all female employees and male 

employees took their parental benefits returned to work at the 

end of their maternity leave and paternity leave respectively. 

Therefore, we recorded a return-to-work rate of 100% for 

both our female and male employees.

OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFITS:

1. Work Injury 

All workers’ compensation is made in accordance with China 

Labour Law.

2. Social Insurance &amp; Housing Fund 

All permanent employees are entitled to the individual 

social insurance according to the Social Insurance Law of 

the People’s Republic of China. BCI also bear the individual 

housing fund for all entitled permanent employees according 

to the Regulations of Shanghai Housing Provident Fund. 

3. Retirement 

All permanent employees’ retirement schemes are accorded 

in accordance with the People’s Republic of China’s retirement 

ordinance.

We are guided by the PRC Government’s regulation which 

allows trade unions to represent our employees for collective 

bargaining, providing our employees with an avenue to seek 

redress for disputes. All permanent employees from the Bund 

Center Office Tower and Westin Bund Center are covered by 

collective bargaining agreements  

We have implemented various initiatives to promote a healthy 

lifestyle for the well-being of our employees: 

• 

Discounted gym memberships for permanent employees 

• 

Employees’ Running Club 

• 

After work sports activities (basketball, futsal, badminton, 

volleyball, etc.)









Our employees particiapting at Rise to Run Healthy Lifestyle Campaign. 

27

S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 0














37%

PEOPLE &amp; CULTURE

PERMANENT EMPLOYEES

NEW HIRES BY AGE GROUP

WORKFORCE BY GENDER IN YEAR 2020

TEMPORARY EMPLOYEES

NEW HIRES BY GENDER

Bund Center Office Tower  

and Westin Bund Center

Westin Bund Center

Bund Center Office Tower

57%

43%

44%

63%

Male

Female

Male

Female

Male

Female

&lt;30 Years

Male

&gt;50 Years

Female

30-50 Years

120

57%

20%

5%

0%

9%

15%

9%

3%

16%

36%

70

60%

35%

50%

25%

40%

40%

30%

30%

20%

20%

15%

10%

10%

5%

0%

0%

100

60

90

80

50

80

60

40

40

30

20

20

-

10

No. of New Hires

No. of New Hires

No. of New Hires

No. of New Hires

Rate of new hires (Denominator : total number of employees)

Rate of new hires (Denominator : total number of employees)

Rate of new hires (Denominator : no. of employees in Gender group)

Rate of new hires (Denominator :no. of employees in age group)

56%

41%

213

59%

303

63%

20

37%

12

107

25

2

51

83

28

B U N D  C E N T E R  I N V E S T M E N T  LT D


NO. OF EMPLOYEES ENTITLED TO PARENTAL LEAVE





PEOPLE &amp; CULTURE





TURNOVER BY GENDER

9%

7%

16%

17%

60

18%

16%

14%

12%

10%

8%

4%

6%

2%

0%

50

40

30

20

10

-

No. of Turnover

No. of voluntary turnover

Rate of voluntary (Denominator : total number of employees)

Rate of new hires (Denominator :no. of employees in Gender group)

50

39







TURNOVER BY AGE GROUP

&lt;30 Years

&gt;50 Years

30-50 Years

10%

5%

1%

30%

10%

7%

60

35%

30%

25%

20%

15%

10%

5%

0%

50

40

30

20

10

-

No. of Turnover

No. of voluntary turnover

Rate of voluntary (Denominator : total number of employees)

Rate of voluntary turnover (Denominator :no. of employees in age group)

56

27

6

Male

Female













600

500

400

300

200

100

0

2017

2018

2019

2020

Female

Male

352

332

216

236

318

207

303

213

588

548

516

525

29

S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 0




FAIR EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES 

A diverse working environment encourages an exchange of perspectives, driving innovation and delivers better results. We seek 

to create an inclusive, open work environment that fosters collaboration and cohesiveness based on mutual respect.

EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY (GRI 405-1, GRI 405-2)

Our hiring process is based only on merit and objective factors. We encouraged diversity and equal opportunity in our offices 

regardless of age, gender, nationality, qualification, culture and industry knowledge. With years of experiences and a wealth of 

knowledge, mature workers continue to be a valuable addition to our workforce. In 2020, about 14.8% of our employees were 

above the age of 50. Women made up approximately 42.5% of our workforce in 2020. 10 different nationalities and 4 disabled 

employees were represented in our workforce in 2020. 







 

 

 

    Chef Mark Chen 

 

 

 

 

  Chef Federico Parravicini 

Chef Sammi Shen with her secret recipe XiaoLong crab

Cultural Understanding. Through our inclusive guest experiences, we continue to grow cultural competence and deliver tailored, 

inclusive experiences for the diverse populations of guests that we serve. 

PEOPLE &amp; CULTURE

NON-DISCRIMINATION (GRI 406-1)

A fair working environment should be one that is 

free of discrimination, harassment, bullying and 

victimisation. Our commitment to having fair labour 

practices is emphasised in our employee handbook 

and employment practices. Our equal opportunity 

policy on employment does not tolerate any form of 

discrimination and all employees should be treated 

fairly and with equal respect. There were no incidents 

of discrimination in 2020.

.



Chef Yam Bahadur Sahani, our Indian cuisine guru



30

B U N D  C E N T E R  I N V E S T M E N T  LT D


TALENT MANAGEMENT

PEOPLE &amp; CULTURE





EMPLOYEE SKILLS TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT  

(GRI 404-1, GRI 404-2)

We provide all of our people with ongoing support and 

training; new staff benefit from a comprehensive induction 

programme. We encourage all our employees to set personal 

development goals as part of their yearly performance 

management plan, which is then tracked by their manager 

and Human Resources. Our front-line staff, in particular, 

those that interact with our customers, are provided with 

English language classes and customer service skills to 

facilitate communication with our customers who speak 

predominantly English or other European languages. Training 

in Management Skills, Project Management, Basic Fire 

Fighting Skills and First Aid Skills are examples of the training 

provided to our employees

TRAINING &amp; DEVELOPMENT (GRI 404-1, GRI 404-2) 

Talent management and succession planning are vital 

components of our human resource strategy. It is therefore 

imperative for us to better manage our people and maintain 

our talent pool. We are committed to investing in our 

talent and allocating an annual training budget. Our skills 

development program is developed to support their career 

growth and align the career aspirations of our employees. 

We believe that equipping our employees with the skills they 

require will ensure a continued growth of our business and 

will also allow our employees in their personal development. 

All employees are required to undergo training as part of 

their annual skills enhancement that is related to their job 

function. In 2020, each employee had benefitted from an 

average of 56.8 hours of training. We also provide other 

on-the-job training opportunities and sponsor qualified 

employees for relevant professional courses. Our skills 

development programs cover three core areas: developing 

core competence to ensure we are an effective and efficient 

organisation; providing opportunities for skill development 

to support career development; and line management and 

leadership development to create a talent pipeline.

PERFORMANCE APPRAISAL

We 

conduct 

semi-annual 

performance 

and 

career 

development review on our employees. This KPI-based formal 

review is an important milestone in our employees’ career 

as their performances, strengths and areas of improvement 

are evaluated objectively, and used as the criteria for our 

employees’ promotion.



Cooking Skills Training 



Our Front-line Skills Training and Development 

31

S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 0




Indicators 

Scope

Target 

Performance 

in 2020

Service 

Quality 

and Talent 

Attraction, 

and Retention, 

through 

People 

Development

Bund Center 

Office Tower 

and Westin 

Bund Center 

Average 

training 

hours per 

employee: 

45 hours per 

year 2019 

(Base year: 

2018)

Average training 

hours of 56.8 

hours per 

employee

PEOPLE &amp; CULTURE

WORKFORCE BY EMPLOYMENT  

CATEGORY BY AGE GROUP

AVERAGE TRAINING  

HOURS PER EMPLOYEE

WORKFORCE BY EMPLOYMENT  

CATEGORY BY GENDER

Senior  

Management

Senior  

Management

Executive

Executive

Non-Executive

Non-Executive

0%

0%

100%

100%

10%

10%

20%

20%

30%

30%

40%

40%

50%

50%

60%

60%

70%

70%

80%

80%

90%

90%

30-50 Years

Male

&gt;50 Years

Female

&lt;30 Years

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

60.0

70.0

50.0

40.0

30.0

20.0

10.0

-

32.5

52.4

42.3

61.7

47.6

56.8



















Health and safety are important for both our customers,  

tenants and our staff. Our operations are equipped with lifesaving  

training with all necessary safety equipment with instructions provided.



Our employees attending training on etiquette  

and customer management services 

71%

71%

3%

49%

57%

60%

59%

38%

29%

26%

13%

43%

40%

41%

32

B U N D  C E N T E R  I N V E S T M E N T  LT D


In addition, we send our employees for training in workplace 

safety and first aid in the event of a medical emergency. They 

are also trained in handling fire hazards at the workplace and 

participate regularly in fire drills and evacuation exercises.

Our OHS initiatives include safety checks to ensure compliance 

by our employees and contractors; and the annual OHS 

equipment certification for compliance with the fire safety 

standards of the Shanghai Fire Control Bureau. We have 

implemented the following important layers of occupational 

health and safety checks to ensure the occupational health 

and safety compliance at our premises:

1. 

Increased frequency of checking by the project 

Environmental Health and Safety team on daily and 

weekly basis. 

2. 

Regular quality assurance, assessment on risk and 

control on OHS and environment by Cushman and 

Wakefield.

 

There were no fatalities or instances of occupational diseases 

in our Hospitality and Asset Management divisions in FY2020. 

However, we had a total of 480 lost days due to nine workplace-

related accidents, with more than half of them taking place in 

our hotel kitchens. We are committed to continuing accessing 

and improving our internal controls to reduce the occurrence 

of accidents, injuries and illnesses at our workplaces. 

2020

Accident Frequency Rate (AFR)

No. of workplace accidents per million-man 

hours worked

7.9

Accident Severity Rate (ASR)

No. of man days lost per million-man  

hours worked

419.5





PEOPLE &amp; CULTURE



First aid, fire safety and emergency evacuation training are provided to appropriate 

team members in-charge of the relevant activities and any incidents of injury or 

illness are thoroughly investigated, with procedural changes put in place to prevent 

recurrence.



Appreciation award from the Shanghai Fire Control Bureau for our safety, fire and 

hazards prevention efforts.

WORKPLACE  

HEALTH &amp; SAFETY 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY (GRI 403-2)

We constantly emphasize on the importance of occupational 

health and safety (OHS) and well-being of our employees in 

the workplace and instil a culture of responsible, safe work 

practices that are in line with the Government’s regulations. 

We continue to recommend, monitor and review safety 

procedures while identifying red-flagging potential risks. In 

ensuring that our practices are in line with the best practices 

of the industry, we have put in place reporting procedures for 

all accidents and injuries at the workplace. Frequent quality 

checks are carried out on our equipment for replacement 

when necessary.

We take OHS incidents very seriously. All incidents are 

reported to the Safety Department, and included in the 

Monthly Operation Report to be submitted to the Division 

Heads. For some categories of incidences, such as breakdown 

of equipment, and near misses due to negligence, an 

investigation report with follow-up actions will also be 

submitted to the Division Heads.





33

S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 0




We recognise our roles and responsibilities to enhance the well-being 

and livelihood of local communities, contributing to China’s economic 

prosperity. For us at BCI, good relationships and partnerships with our 

community and stakeholders at large are a key foundation for the 

sustainable growth of our business. 

BCI is committed to integrating our responsibilities towards the surrounding 

local communities as part of our Group’s business strategy. By improving 

the socio-cultural environment within our operations’ communities 

through various initiatives, we aim to create significant benefits for local 

communities on the basis of common shared value and understanding. 

Due to the on-going COVID-19 pandemic, many of our community 

activities and programmes scheduled in 2020 were cancelled or 

postponed, However, in response to the current Covid-19 outbreak, BCI 

has significantly provided donations as well as other supports, to help 

those impacted. We donated medical protective supplies, consumable 

and disposable medical devices, pharmaceuticals, disinfection supplies 

and cleaning supplies to Wuhan and other affected cities. With the help 

and effort of overseas staff and assistance from local district government 

for customs clearance, 200,000 surgical masks were handed over to 

Huangpu district government in February 2020. We also made financial 

contributions to help purchase masks, protection suits and sanitizer for 

frontline healthcare workers in China.



Renji Hospital visit.



On 20 February 2020, the Bund Center and The Westin Bund Center 

Shanghai (Shanghai Golden Bund Real Estate Co., Ltd,) donated 200,000 

masks and RMB 20 million to aid Huangpu District in its battle against 

the spread of COVID-19. During the ceremony, the senior management 

bestowed the masks and monetary donation to the District Government 

and the Huangpu Representative Office of Shanghai Charity Foundation. 

Ms. Zuo Yimei, vice mayor of the District Government and the Huangpu 

Representative Office of Shanghai Charity Foundation, the District 

Committee of Commerce and other relevant departments participated in 

the ceremony.

CORPORATE 

SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY



China is a Divine Land. Under 

the wise leadership of the 

Party, the strong and intelligent 

Chinese people will obtain the 

“beforehand victory, definite 

victory and complete victory” in 

fighting against Covid-19 global 

epidemic 

              — Frankle (Djafar) Widjaja





Translated as “Love Warms One’s Heart”



“中国是神州大地，在党的英明

领导下，坚强智 慧的中国人民在

这场战疫中一定会先胜，必 胜，

全胜”

 

 

        ——黄柏年先生

34

B U N D  C E N T E R  I N V E S T M E N T  LT D


CLIMATE AWARENESS

BCI believes that how we do business is as important as the business that we do. Our staff are committed to doing good and 

making a meaningful impact in the communities where we do business through our global charitable giving and engagement 

programs.  

EMPOWERING EDUCATION

Our efforts support education through vocational training and internships, as well as educational support in the community 

Internships provide valuable learning experiences to develop future hospitality professionals, predominantly as part of tertiary 

education requirement.

We support apprenticeship programs that prepare youths for jobs in our hotel industry in China through training conducted in 

13 institutions including colleges and universities. 

CORPORATE 

SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY







Westin Bund Center with our internship students in Shanghai. 131 interns from 

18 colleges/schools were trained at BCI in 2020, and 14 interns were  

offered job opportunities after they had completed their internship. 



Westin Bund Center visited various colleges and schools in 2020  

to provide career planning courses and provide hospitality  

related courses to hotel management students. 



Global Running Day and Run to Give 2020 on healthy, wellness and clean lifestyle campaign.





35

S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 0


CORPORATE 

SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT -  

SPIRIT TO SERVE  

OUR COMMUNITIES DAY

We believe protecting and enhancing the ecosystems in which our 

properties are located supports the sustainability and increase the 

resiliency of the communities where we do business, ensuring that they 

remain vibrant destinations.

On October 11, 2020, BCI staff participated at public welfare activities 

of the “Science and Technology Capital Cup” Foreign Executives and 

International Friends Health Run held by Huangpu District, Shanghai, 

raising awareness public awareness on the important of conserving the 

environment. 











Embrace Diversity and Preserve Our Heritage through our Sunday Brunch events that promotes our food and culture 

36

B U N D  C E N T E R  I N V E S T M E N T  LT D


Disclosure 

Disclosure 

Page No.

Omission

GRI 102: GENERAL DISCLOSURES 

102-1

Name of the organization

4

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

4

102-3

Location of headquarters

4

102-4

Location of operations

4

102-5

Ownership and legal form

4

102-6

Markets served

4

102-7

Scale of the organization

4

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

26-33

102-9

Supply chain

18-19

102-10

Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain

18-19

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

AR 2020, 6-8 

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

2-3, 5

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

9

102-18

Governance structure 

AR 2020, 6-9

102-40

List of stakeholder groups 

11

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

18

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

11

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

11

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

7-8

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

AR 2020, 4

102-46

Defining report content and topic Boundaries 

5

102-47

List of material topics 

10

102-48

Restatements of information

None

102-49

Changes in reporting 

None

102-50

Reporting period 

5

102-51

Date of most recent report 

31 Dec 2020

102-52

Reporting cycle

5

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

5

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

5

102-55

GRI content index

37

102-56

External assurance 

None

GRI CONTENT INDEX

37

S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 0


GRI CONTENT INDEX

Disclosure 

Disclosure 

Page No.

Omission

GRI 103: Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

10

103-2

The management approach and its components

10

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

10

GRI 205: Anti-Corruption 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

12

103-2

The management approach and its components

12

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

12

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

12

GRI 302: Energy 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

20-22

103-2

The management approach and its components

20-22

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

20-22

302-1

Energy consumption within the organization

20-22

GRI 303: Water 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

23

103-2

The management approach and its components

23

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

23

303-1

Water consumption within the organization

23

GRI 305: Emissions 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

20-22

103-2

The management approach and its components

20-22

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

22

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 

22

GRI 306: Effluents and Waste 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

24-25

103-2

The management approach and its components

24-25

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

24-25

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

24-25

GRI 401: Employment 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

26-33

103-2

The management approach and its components

26-33

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

26-33

401-1

New employee hires and employee turnover

26-33

 

401-2

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to 

temporary or part-time employees

26-33

401-3

Parental leave

26-33

38

B U N D  C E N T E R  I N V E S T M E N T  LT D


Disclosure 

Disclosure 

Page No.

Omission

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

33

103-2

The management approach and its components

33

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

33

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of work-related fatalities

33

GRI 404: Training and Education 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

31-33

103-2

The management approach and its components

31-33

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

31-33

404-1

Average hours of training per employee

31-33

404-2

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs 

31-33

GRI 405: Equal Employment Opportunity 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

30

103-2

The management approach and its components

30

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

30

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

30

405-2

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men 

30

GRI 406: Non-Discrimination 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

30

103-2

The management approach and its components

30

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

30

406-1

Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken

30

GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

13

103-2

The management approach and its components

13

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

13

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and 

losses of customer data 

13

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

13

103-2

The management approach and its components

13

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

13

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area 

13

GRI CONTENT INDEX

39

S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 0




Bund Center Investment Ltd

c/o 3 Shenton Way 

#17-07 Shenton House

Singapore 068805

Tel: (65) 6220 0162 

Fax: (65) 6220 0269

www.bundcenter.com

The Bund Center – Tree of Life

