
 

Camsing Healthcare Limited | Sustainability Report FY 2018 

 

   1 

 

 

 











 

SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 2018 




 

Camsing Healthcare Limited | Sustainability Report FY 2018 

 

   2 

 

 

Contents 

 

 

 

 

About this Report 

3 

Sustainability Board Statement 

4 

About Camsing Healthcare Limited 

5 

Sustainability at  Camsing Healthcare Limited 

6 

Awards and Recognition 

9 

Corporate Social Responsibility 

10 

Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality Assessment 

11 

Economic  

 

 Economic Performance 

 

 

 

13 

 

Environment 

 

 Supplier Environmental Assessment 

 

 

 

14 

Social 

 

 Training and Education 

 

 Occupational Health and Safety 

 

16 

 

18 

GRI Content Index 

19 


 

Camsing Healthcare Limited | Sustainability Report FY 2018 

 

   3 

 

 





 

 

 

 

Camsing Healthcare Limited (“Camsing Healthcare”) is delighted to present our inaugural annual Sustainability Report 

for the Financial Year 2018. We have prepared the report in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative Standards 

– Core option (“GRI Standards”). The GRI Standards was selected, as they are the first global standards for sustainability 

reporting. The GRI Content Index on pages 17-18 indicate the full list of GRI references and disclosures used in this 

report.  

 

The report is also aligned to the SGX Sustainability Reporting Guide set out in Practice Note 7.7 of the Mainboard 

Listing Rules of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”). 

 

Report content and topic boundaries 

 

The report details our environmental, social and governance performance over the past financial year (February 2017 

to January 2018) and covers all business divisions of Nature’s Farm. The scope and content boundaries of the report 

were defined based on the four GRI Principles – stakeholder inclusiveness, sustainability context, materiality, and 

completeness.  

 

Contact 

 

We are fully committed to listening to our stakeholders and welcome any feedback on our sustainability performance 

or any aspect of our report. Please write to: 

 

Penny Sena 

pennysena@naturesfarm.com 

 

About this Report 

GRI 102-1|102-46 | 102-50 | 102-52 | 102-53 | 102-54 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 










 

 

Camsing Healthcare Limited | Sustainability Report FY 2018 

 

4 

 

Sustainability Board Statement  

 

GRI 102-14 

 

 

 

Dear Shareholders,  

 

As we embark on our sustainability journey, we are proud to 

affirm our commitment to sustainability with the publication 

of our inaugural sustainability report. 

 

Nature’s Farm Private Limited with 36 years of unrivalled 

passion and commitment in the specialty health supplement 

industry will continue to spread its wings as one of the 

leading health supplement brands in Singapore. The 

company Board of Directors and Officers are committed to 

continue the safeguarding of shareholder values and 

interests through a high standard of corporate governance. 

 

Armed with a clear strategic direction to expand our brand 

into bigger markets, the team is now pursuing opportunities 

to diversify and grow into a larger and broader business. 

Backed with the support from its majority shareholder, the 

company's expansion will not be limited to organic growth, 

but also growth from acquisitions.  

 

Our strategy to sustainability is to expand business while 

capitalising on our role to the general public and reducing 

our impact on the environment. For more than three 

decades, Nature’s Farm has provided consumers with the 

finest health products backed with the best service in the 

industry. This is one of the main reasons for our sustained 

position in the market. As a yardstick of consumer's trust in 

the brand, Nature’s Farm's leading product “Pycnogenol®” 

continues to enjoy robust sales and is proof of the long-

standing support from our beloved customers. This serves as 

an inspiration to our team to constantly innovate and seek to 

incorporate new technology in our products to keep our 

customers satisfied. Our company’s team of Nutritionists are 

also devoted to ensuring only products with excellent quality 

are put into the market.  

 

As measures to reduce the environmental burden of using 

plastic carrier bags, Nature’s Farm has been using woven 

carrier bags for more a decade now and will continue to use 

it as part of our campaign to support ecology.  

 

We are committed to maintaining our company's social 

responsibility by continuously creating a better environment 

to live and work. We strive to conduct our business at the 

highest ethical standards and at the same time support the 

values of our community. This can be seen in our support for 

all initiatives put in place for the good of the community, 

natural environment and the promotion of human rights. 

 

We always believe that the real fuel and energy behind the 

company's growth and success comes from its people. We 

reciprocate to their efforts by developing their abilities and 

skills, providing an excellent working environment and 

providing equal opportunity in a diverse workforce. 

 

The challenging part now is how we can further contribute to 

environmental awareness such as climate change and 

accessibility to healthcare in order to improve the health of 

people worldwide. We will remain committed to improving 

our environmental performance, and continue to seek ways 

to enhance our collection of data so as to bring our 

subsequent sustainability report to the next level. 

 

Thank you for giving us the chance to highlight our 

challenges and approaches, and I hope that this helps you to 

understand our business perspective.  

 

We appreciate your continued support as we strive to bring 

a positive impact to our business, society and the 

environment.   

 

Lo Ching (Ms),  

Director and Chairman of CAMSING Healthcare  




 

Camsing Healthcare Limited | Sustainability Report FY 2018 

 

   5 

 

 

About Camsing Healthcare 

GRI 102-2 | 102-3 | 102-4 | 102-5 | 102-6 | 102-7 | 102-8 

 

Camsing Healthcare Limited is listed on the Mainboard of the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited. We also 

conduct investment activities in healthcare businesses.  

 

Headquartered in Singapore, the principal activities of the 

Group include the distribution and retailing of health 

supplements in Singapore, Southeast Asia, and China. 

Nature’s Farm is the exclusive distributor for Haddrell’s of 

Cambridge®, NOW® Foods, Pycnogenol®, Wakunaga®, 

Norwegian Fish Oil®, Senseiro®, and Bluebonnet®. 

 

 

Nature’s Farm® was incorporated in 1982 and has 

established itself as a reputable brand in imported health 

supplements, honey, and health foods. Today we operate 18 

retail stores across major shopping centres in Singapore. We 

have also made our products available to our customers 24/7 

through our e-store and other e-commerce platforms such 

as Redmart, Lazada, and Qoo10. We have also expanded our 

supplement and health food business to China, by providing 

our products through two of China’s biggest e-commerce 

websites. 

 

 

 

 

 

1 Note: All our Full-time employees are under Permanent contract and Part-

time employees are under Temporary contract.  

Scale of our organisation 

 

Total Operations 

18 

 

Net Revenue 

 S$ 15 million 

 

Total Capitalisation: 

 S$ 11 million 

 

Stock Keeping Units 

450 

 

Total Employees1 

74  

 

Male: 14  

Permanent: 14 

Temporary: 0 

 

 

Female: 60 

Permanent: 58 

Temporary: 2 

 

 






 

Camsing Healthcare Limited | Sustainability Report FY 2018 

 

   6 

 

 

Sustainability at Camsing Healthcare 

GRI 102-9 | 102-11 |102-12 | 102-13 | 102-16 | 102-18 

 

Camsing Healthcare firmly believes sustainability is integral 

to achieving lasting commercial success. As we embark on 

our sustainability journey, we commit to conducting our 

business in a responsible manner. We acknowledge our role 

in minimising the environmental and social impact from our 

business operations, by supporting the precautionary 

principles. 

 

Sustainability governance  

 

At Camsing Healthcare, we are committed to maintaining 

high standards of corporate governance across all functions 

of our organisation. We strive to put in place a robust 

governance framework to maintain integrity, accountability, 

and transparency in our operations. 

 

Sustainability is ingrained at various levels in our 

organisation. We have set up a committee responsible for 

overseeing our sustainability targets. This committee is led 

by our Chief Operating Officer and consists of a Finance and 

Administration Manager, HR &amp; Administration Executive, 

Sales and Product Senior Manager, and Assistant Purchasing 

Manager as its members. They ensure the alignment of our 

business objectives with our sustainability targets and 

further hold the responsibility to communicate our 

sustainability progress to the Board. 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

External Initiatives 

 

 

Good Distribution Practice for Medical 

 Devices (GMPMDS) 

 

Memberships of Associations 

 

 

Health Sciences Authority (HSA) 

 

Health Supplements Industry Association Singapore 

(HSIAS) 

 

Singapore Business Federation (SBF) 

 

Singapore Retailers Association 

 

Singapore Chinese Chamber of Commerce 

 

China Enterprises Association (Singapore) 

 

Singapore China Business Association  

 

Children's Cancer Foundation  

(Appreciation Award 2007) 

 

Lions Recycle for Sight  

(Appreciation Award 2012) 








 

Camsing Healthcare Limited | Sustainability Report FY 2018 

 

   7 

 

 

Supply Chain 

 

Sustainability is a business strategy to help us conduct 

business the right way. Therefore, we endeavor to embed 

sustainability across our value chain including the 

communities and societies where we operate as well as 

where we sell our products. 

 

In FY2018, we have a pool of 62 active suppliers covering 13 

geographical locations namely Singapore, USA, New 

Zealand, China, Taiwan, Japan, Germany, Norway, France, 

Italy, Canada, Sweden, and Korea. In the future, we aim to 

embed sustainability measures into our value chain and 

integrate environmental factors wherever possible. 

 

We have a simple supply chain structure consisting  

of three parties as shown below: 

 

 






 

Camsing Healthcare Limited | Sustainability Report FY 2018 

 

   8 

 

 

 

Vision and Mission 

 

Our Core Values: 

 

Quality with Value 

To be a modern health supplement and health food 

brand, catering to a large consumer market with our 

reasonable prices, yet never compromising on the quality 

delivered. 

 

Passion &amp; Commitment 

To have a fiery passion in health and wellness, our heart 

lies in delighting customers with quality products and 

services to help them achieve optimum health for 

themselves and their loved ones. 

 

Integrity &amp; Respect 

To always make it a point to treat each and every 

individual, both within and outside the organisation, with 

utmost respect and dignity. 

 

Lasting Relationships 

To take our relationships with our consumers and 

business associates one step further, establishing mutual 

trust, understanding and a familiarity that keeps us close 

at heart – for now and the future.                                                                          

 

 

Mission:    

 

It is our mission at Nature’s Farm to deliver only the 

highest quality dietary health supplements and health 

foods at the best value to our customers. We will remain 

committed in our focus as specialty health supplements 

and health foods retailer, distributor, and wholesaler by 

bridging 

lasting 

customer 

relationships 

with 

commendable customer service and by providing 

superiorly safe products.  

 

As we continue growing across the region, we make it a 

point to remain loyal and true to the core values that have 

built us the foundation of where we stand today. Along 

our journey, our goal has been to inculcate a set of firm 

values that will act as guiding principles in the way we 

operate, communicate and build relationships.  

 

At Nature’s Farm, we take pride in what we do, and that 

is precisely why our customers continue patronising us. 

 

 




 

Camsing Healthcare Limited | Sustainability Report FY 2018 

 

   9 

 

 



Awards and Recognition 

 

 

Most trusted brand award 2017 

 

Superbrands® status 2018 

 

 

 

Certificate of Appreciation for the 

kind donation of Nature’s Farm® 

products Sian Chay Medical 

Institution 

 

 

 

 






 

Camsing Healthcare Limited | Sustainability Report FY 2018 

 

   10 

 

 

Corporate Social Responsibility 

 

We work closely with the local charity organisation for products 

sponsorship. An example of our charitable outreach is the                         S3 

(Stroke Support Station®), where health supplements were donated to 

people with special needs to help them maintain their overall well-

being. We firmly believe it is our responsibility to help those in need 

whenever we can. 

 

 

 

 




 

Camsing Healthcare Limited | Sustainability Report FY 2018 

 

   11 

 

 

Stakeholder Engagement                                          

GRI 102-40 | 102-42 | 102-43 | 102-44 

 

At Camsing Healthcare, we consider stakeholder engagement 

essential to understand the impact of our business. We are 

committed to identify the issues most important to our 

stakeholders and address their concerns while formulating our 

business strategies and policies.  

 

We identified and selected our key stakeholders based on 

importance, representation, responsibility, dependency, and 

proximity to our business. The table below showcases our 

stakeholder engagement mechanisms.  

 

We continuously seek to improve stakeholder engagement by 

enhancing our communication channels and embedding their 

valuable feedback into our strategy. 

 

Stakeholder 

Mode of Engagement 

Frequency of Engagement 

Key Topic Raised 

Investors 

 

Direct engagement between the 

company and its investors. To 

promote transparency of 

information  regarding the 

company's performances and 

operations 

 

Ad-hoc meetings and Annual General 

Meeting (AGM) &amp; Extraordinary General 

Meeting (EGM)  

 

Economic 

Performance 

 

 

Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment 

 

 

Occupational 

Health and Safety  

 

 

Training and 

Education 

Suppliers  

 

Email/Teleconference call follow-

up on order-related 

queries/issues, new products and 

reduce product quality issues 

 

Purchase Order Submission (monthly)                        

 

Request for Quotation (as required) 

 

Product Enquiry (as required)                         

 

Product Feedback/Complaint (as required)                                                                                     

 

Yearly Supplier Evaluation (Annual) 

Customers 

 

Front line team members 

 

Customer Feedback Forms (In-

store) 

 

Customer Service Hotline/Email  

to improve the customer 

shopping experience 

 

We will revert to the customers within 24 

hours either by phone or email 











Regulators 

 

Enquiry forms (to HAS for product 

classification before sale) 

 

Application forms/Renewal of 

license(wholesaler and 

importer)/Declaration letter/other 

relevant documents required by 

regulators                                                         

 

Email Communications                                               

 

Phone Conversation via call 

centre/hotline, HAS &amp; AVA 

Officer (for issues such as product 

recall) 

 

HAS Routine Audit (to ensure 

Non-Conformance matters have 

been resolved) 

 

For new applications, as and when the new 

requirements arise or initiated by 

Management 

 

For renewal (annual), email notification will 

be sending out by relevant authority 2 

months before the license expired 

 

For other enquiries/ad-hoc matters, direct 

emails/ phone calls will be made whenever 

necessary 











Management 

 

Open-minded and approachable 

management 

 

Monthly Management Meeting.                                     

 

Ad hoc meetings requested by particular 

department heads to address urgent 

matters/issues. 











Employees 

 

Direct communication between 

employees and management to 

provide feedback related to any 

particular issue/situation 

 

Weekly Area Managers meetings 

 

Monthly meeting of all Shop In-Charge                     

 

Regular staff meeting in the shop with 

designated Area Manager  

 

Company Team Building, Karaoke with 

employees, Christmas and Lunar New Year 

buffet with employees 














 

Camsing Healthcare Limited | Sustainability Report FY 2018 

 

   12 

 

 

Materiality 

Assessment 

GRI 102-46 | 102-47 | 103-1

 

 

The content of our Sustainability Report has been shaped by 

the key material issues identified in our materiality 

assessment process. To determine our material issues, we 

undertook a process of identification, prioritisation, and 

validation with our senior management. 

 

We first conducted a thorough peer benchmarking exercise 

to list the sustainability topics reported by them in their 

sustainability reports. We further prioritised the key material 

topics by their importance to our stakeholders and the 

environment, social and governance impact created by our 

business. The selected topics were then endorsed by the 

senior management and the Board. 

 

 

Material Topics and Indicators Identified 

 

  

Categories 

Material Topics 

List of Indicators 

Aspect Boundary2 

Economic 

Economic Performance 

 

GRI 201-1: Direct economic value 

generated and distributed 

 

Within organisation 

Environment 

Supplier Environmental 

Assessment 

 

GRI 308-1: New suppliers that 

were screened using 

environmental criteria 

 

Within organisation  

Social 

Training and Education 

GRI 404-1: Average hours of 

training per year per employee 

Within organisation 

Occupational Health and Safety 

 

GRI 403-2: Types of injury and 

rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of 

work-related fatalities 

 

Within organisation 

 

2 Aspect Boundary is a description of where the impacts occur for a material topic and the organisation’s involvement with those impacts. Organisations might be 

involved with impacts either through their own activities or as a result of their business relationships with other entities.  

 





Supplier Environmental 

Assessment 



Occupational Health and 

Safety 



Economic Performance 



Training and Education 

 


 

Camsing Healthcare Limited | Sustainability Report FY 2018 

 

   13 

 

 

Economic 

Economic Performance 

GRI 103-1| 103-2 | 103-3 | 201-1

 

 

 

Why is this a material issue? 

 

Measuring our economic and financial performance is 

important to evaluate our business and ensure we are on 

track to achieve our financial goals. We strive to 

continuously enhance our financial performance and 

create long-term value for our investors and stakeholders.  

 

Our approach to managing  

 

Despite a challenging market environment and disruptions 

in the global economic landscape, we have sustained 

profitability in the previous financial year. 

 

As our primary business is retail and distribution, therefore 

initiatives focused on increasing our sales are very 

important for our business strategy. In order to boost our 

sales, we organised several marketing and promotional 

activities. We also conducted themed initiatives, which 

were aligned with the health awareness initiatives 

organised by the Health Promotion Board. In addition, we 

held exclusive members only events to better engage our 

loyal customers. Such initiatives helped boost our sales and 

increased visibility of our products among the targeted 

customer base. 

  

Through these initiatives coupled with our prudent 

business strategy, we aim to maintain our strong financials 

to achieve long-term growth and profitability. The table 

below highlights our financial performance in 2018. 

 

More information on our financial performance is disclosed 

in Camsing Healthcare’s Annual Report 2018 available 

online.  

 

FY18 performance  

 

Singapore 

China 

Direct Economic Value 

Generated 

(S$’000) 

11.1 

3.8 

Economic Value 

Distributed 

(S$’000) 

 

9.1 

0.0 

Economic Value 

Retained 

(S$’000) 

2.0 

3.8 






 

Camsing Healthcare Limited | Sustainability Report FY 2018 

 

   14 

 

 

Environment 

Supplier Environmental Assessment 

GRI 103-1| 103-2 | 103-3 | 308-1

 

 

Why is this a material issue? 

 

As a local healthcare retailer, which specialises in dietary 

supplements, Camsing Healthcare recognises that we can 

minimise environmental impacts that occur during each stage 

of our health product's life cycle. To do so, we ensure the 

products we sell are sourced from GMP certified 

manufacturing plants and comply with the local regulatory 

requirements. 

 

Product quality and purity are our biggest concern, hence we 

review all our new suppliers and work closely with them to 

establish or bring in the products that can meet the criteria 

of environmentally friendly materials such as Organic, Non-

GMO, vegetarian-friendly, gluten-free etc. Currently, most of 

our products are free of preservatives and artificial 

components to safeguard our consumer's health and safety. 

 

Our approach to managing 

 

We have adopted the industry standards for health products, 

which include GDP (Good Distribution Practice) and GDPMDS 

(Good Distribution Practice for Medical Devices). The 

stringent audit procedures ensure that we comply with all the 

processes from purchasing, transportation, goods handling, 

and storage to disposal. We also engage an accredited 

company in assisting the working procedures for disposal of 

recyclables.  

 

As the health products come with a recommended shelf life, 

we adopt First-In and First-Out (FIFO) practice to minimise 

product write-off and wastage. 

 

While working with suppliers, we conduct regular "Vendor 

Evaluation". We also follow-up with them for necessary 

changes to ensure better product management and workflow 

in the future.  

 

Over the years, Nature's Farm has maintained our 

commitment to invest in practical solutions to mitigate and 

prevent adverse environmental impacts. From progressive 

recycling programs to community-based activities, we will 

continue to do our part to promote a higher level of social 

responsibility. 

 

Nature's Farm has been awarded the Superbrands® for the 

year 2018 by Singapore's choice. This recognition helps to 

strengthen our brand position, adds prestige, and reassures 

our consumers and suppliers that they are buying the best 

brand in its category. 

 

 

 

 

FY18 performance and targets 

 




 

Camsing Healthcare Limited | Sustainability Report FY 2018 

 

   15 

 

 

 

 

 

FY18 Performance 

FY19 Targets 

Number of new supplier for FY17/18 

16 

12 

Number of new suppliers screened using 

environmental criteria 

5 

5 

Percentage of new suppliers screened 

using environmental criteria 

31% 

41% 

The environmental criteria used for screening new suppliers is given below:

Environmental Criteria 

Description 

Corporate Social Responsibility 

Partnership with a non-profit organisation dedicated to take 

commitment to society and community. 

Environmental Design 

Use of environmental friendly technology and materials (e.g. green 

packaging, etc.), design capability for reduced consumption of 

material/energy, reuse, recycle of material, the design of products to 

avoid or reduce the use of harmful materials. 

Environment Management Systems 

Environmental related certificates such as ISO 14001, environmental 

policies, checking and control of environmental processes. 

Environment Competencies 

Clean technology availability, pollution reduction capabilities, etc. 


 

Camsing Healthcare Limited | Sustainability Report FY 2018 

 

   16 

 

 





Social 

Training and Education 

GRI 103-1 |103-2 | 103-3 | 404-1

 

 

 

 

Why is this a material issue? 

 

We recognise that our employees are instrumental in the 

success and growth of our Group. We, therefore, invest in 

providing training and development opportunities to 

enable them to provide the highest quality service to our 

customers. Nature's Farm will continue to help our 

employees to be more competitive towards productivity 

and sales. 

 

As one of the leading providers of nutrition and health 

supplements, it is our responsibility to help our customers 

or potential customers receive proper as well as accurate 

information. We, therefore, train our employees on how to 

advise customers about their supplementary requirements 

according to their body needs. We want to transform our 

sales staff into nutrition advisor. By helping them learn 

about the product content and origin, we want them to 

develop a deeper understanding of the products. Our goal 

is to complement the products we sell with advice from 

well-equipped and trained retail nutrition advisors. 

 

Our approach to managing 

 

We conduct in-house training of our products to all retail 

employees from frontlines to Area Managers. This training 

is conducted by our qualified Nutritionists in English or 

Mandarin depending on the type of audience.  It aims to 

help new employees fully understand the purpose, usage 

and health benefits of our products.  

 

All our new employees are required to attend a three day 

product skills and knowledge workshop. We have set a 

minimum standard of understanding that all employees 

need to achieve for completing the workshop. 

 

We also provide training to existing employees in the form 

of refresher courses once each month. This provides a good 

opportunity for discussion between Nutritionists and Area 

managers. In the event of introduction of a new product, 

suppliers, and Nutritionists, join forces to conduct new 

products skills training to all retail employees. In addition to 

these, public health talks are also provided by our team in 

collaboration with our suppliers. 

 

After these training sessions, our Nutritionists team 

allocates time each morning to ensure new employees 

practice correct pronunciation of the products. They also 

conduct shops visits to check on the performance of our 

new employees. Performance feedback and review from 

Shop Manager or Area Manager are also key to monitoring 

our employee performance. 

 

FY18 performance and targets 

 

FY18 Performance 

                     FY19 Target 


 

Camsing Healthcare Limited | Sustainability Report FY 2018 

 

   17 

 

 

Average hour of training per employee3: 7.7 

Average hour of training per employee: 12.0 

 

 

 

3 The above numbers are exclusive of office employees. 

14

4.2

10

Average training hours by employee category

Area Manager

Shop In-charge

Sales personnel

14

7.1

Average training hours by gender

Male

Female


 

Camsing Healthcare Limited | Sustainability Report FY 2018 

 

   18 

 

 

Social 

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

GRI 103-1 |103-2 | 103-3 | 403-2 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Why is this a material issue? 

 

At Camsing Healthcare, the well-being and safety of our 

employees is one of our top concerns. We are committed to 

providing them with a safe and healthy work environment. 

Our management team consistently educates our employees 

about proper workplace safety procedures, practices, and 

behavior to prevent any potential injuries and illness. 

 

Our approach to managing 

 

We ensure that all our employees across different operations 

are aware of the Workplace Safety and Health Act and we aim 

to continue to educate our employees about it. 

 

In our warehouses, the Warehouse Assistant Supervisor 

regularly conducts simple briefing about road safety, loading, 

and unloading safety procedures to our drivers. He also 

conducts sessions for our warehouse personnel regarding 

safety practices while handling of stocks, lifting, and 

transferring products. 

 

New employees are required to attend a one-week 

onboarding training conducted by the Shop Manager. The 

onboarding training includes a Safety and Health module. 

Once an employee is assigned to a particular shop, the 

respective Shop Managers conducts briefing on the daily retail 

operations. Our Marketing and Operations personnel, who are 

often traveling to support our sales team, are also aware of 

the safety measures to be adopted while working outside 

office premises. 

 

We are proud to report that in the past three years, no serious 

work-related injuries have been recorded.  

 

All employees are covered with insurance benefits such as 

Group Hospitalisation, Work Injury Compensation Act, 

Personal 

Accident 

and 

Personal 

Accident 

with 

Reimbursement. As part of management initiative, non- job-

related accidents are also covered under PA 

with 

reimbursement, irrespective of the location of the incident. 

 

Health products are given to employees at almost no cost to 

help them improve their health and job performance.  

As part of company initiative, employees with zero sick leave 

receive a quarterly monetary incentive, and for zero annual 

leave receive additional monetary incentive. 

 

FY18 Performance 

                     FY19 Target 

Injury Rate: 1,282 per 100,000 employees.  

(One case of workplace injury for the reporting period) 

 

To be able to achieve a zero injury rate and maintain 

zero Occupational Disease Rate, Lost Day Rate, 

Absentee Rate, and number of Work-related Fatalities 

 




 

Camsing Healthcare Limited | Sustainability Report FY 2018 

 

   19 

 

 

 GRI Content Index 

 

General Disclosures  

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Chapter, Page Reference, 

Performance and/or 

Explanation for Omissions 

 

 

 

 

 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Page 3 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Page 5 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Page 5 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Page 5 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

 

Page 5 

Please refer to Annual 

Report for more 

information. 

 

102-6 

Markets served 

Page 5 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Page 5 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Page 5 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Page 6 

102-10 

Significant changes to organisation and its supply chain 

Not Applicable as this is our 

inaugural report. 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Page 6 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Page 6 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Page 6 

STRATEGY  

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

Page 4 

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

Page 8 

GOVERNANCE 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Page 6 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Page 11 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

Not Applicable  

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Page 11 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Page 11 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised  

Page 11 

REPORTING PRACTICE 


 

Camsing Healthcare Limited | Sustainability Report FY 2018 

 

   20 

 

 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Please refer to Annual 

Report. 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic Boundaries 

Page 3 and 12 

102-47 

List all material topics 

Page 12 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

Not Applicable as this is our 

inaugural report 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not Applicable as this is our 

inaugural report. 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Page 3 

102-51 

Date of the most recent report 

Not Applicable as this is our 

inaugural report. 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Page 3 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding this report 

Page 3 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

Page 3 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Page 19 

102-56 

External assurance 

We have not sought external 

assurance for this reporting 

period. 

Material Topics 

ECONOMIC 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 

Page 12 and 13 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 201: Economic 

Performance 2016 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Page 13 

ENVIRONMENT 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 

Page 12, 14 and 15 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 308 Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment 2016 

308-1 

New suppliers that were screened using environmental 

criteria 

Page 14 and 15 

SOCIAL 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 

Page 12, 16 and 17 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 404: Training and 

Education 2016 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employee 

Page 16 and 17 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 

Page 12 and 18 


 

Camsing Healthcare Limited | Sustainability Report FY 2018 

 

   21 

 

 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 403: 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 2016 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost 

days, and absenteeism, and number of work-related fatalities 

Page 18 

 

The Occupational Disease 

Rate, Lost Day Rate, Absentee 

Rate, and number of Work-

related Fatalities were zero for 

the reporting period. 

 

