
i

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018



WE SEE A

FUTURE

SUSTAINABLE

CAPITALAND LIMITED

Global Sustainability Report 2018 

– an Integrated Report


































































































Introduction 

1

President &amp; Group CEO’s Message 

15

Financial Capital 

17

Organisational Capital 

18

Environmental Capital 

23

Human Capital 

37

Social and Relationship Capital 

49

Material Topics &amp; Boundaries 

58

GRI Content Index 

59

United Nations Global Compact 

66

ISO 26000 Guidance on Social Responsibility 

67

Independent Assurance Statement 

68

CONTENTS


1

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

CORPORATE PROFILE

CapitaLand Limited (CapitaLand) is one of Asia’s largest real estate companies. Headquartered and listed in 

Singapore, it is an owner and manager of a global portfolio worth over S$100 billion as at 31 December 2018, 

comprising integrated developments, shopping malls, lodging, offices, homes, real estate investment trusts (REITs) 

and funds. CapitaLand’s market capitalisation is approximately S$13 billion as at 31 December 2018. Present across 

more than 180 cities in over 30 countries, the Group focuses on Singapore and China as core markets, while it 

continues to expand in markets such as Vietnam, Europe and the U.S.

CapitaLand’s competitive advantage is its significant asset base and extensive market network. Coupled with 

strong design, development and operational capabilities, the Group develops and manages high-quality real estate 

products and services. It also has one of the largest investment management businesses in Asia and a stable of five 

REITs listed in Singapore and Malaysia – CapitaLand Mall Trust, CapitaLand Commercial Trust, Ascott Residence 

Trust, CapitaLand Retail China Trust and CapitaLand Malaysia Mall Trust.

VISION

To be a leading global enterprise that enriches people 

and communities through high-quality real estate 

products and services.

MISSION

Customers: We create great customer value and 

experiences through high-quality products and services.

People: We develop high-performing people and teams 

through rewarding opportunities.

Investors: We deliver sustainable shareholder returns 

and build a strong global network of capital partners.

Communities: We care for and contribute to the 

economic, environmental and social development  

of communities.

CORE VALUES

Respect: We believe in mutual trust and respect at 

all levels. This is fundamental to a high-performance 

culture that embraces diversity and teamwork as  

One CapitaLand.

Integrity: We embrace the highest standards of 

integrity. We have the courage to do what is right,  

and earn the trust of all our stakeholders.

Creativity: We constantly innovate to enhance value 

and stay ahead.

Excellence: We pursue excellence and persevere  

in everything we do.

INTRODUCTION


2

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

Net Tangible  

Assets per Share

S$4.40

Return  

on Equity

9.3%

Dividend  

per Share

12

cents

Profit Attributable 

to Shareholders

S$1,762.5

million

Climate  

Change

29.8%

reduction in carbon 

emissions intensity

since 2008

Operational  

Efficiency

S$170 million  

in utilities cost 

avoidance  

since 2009

First sustainability-

linked loan in Asia 

for real estate 

S$300 

million

Workplace  

Injury Rate

1.8 

(number of work-related 

injuries per million  

hours worked)

Training  

Hours

Over 50 

hours per staff

Waste  

Management

6,000  

tonnes of recyclable 

waste diverted  

from landfill

New CapitaLand Silver  

Empowerment Fund  

S$2 million to assist 

vulnerable elderly in 

Singapore

FY 2018 HIGHLIGHTS

Diversity 

About 31%  

of senior management  

were women

INTRODUCTION

Energy and Water 

Management

17.6% and 

20.9% energy and 

water reduction (per m2 

from base year 2008) 

respectively 


3

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

ABOUT THIS GLOBAL REPORT 

CapitaLand reiterates its commitment to sustainability with the publication of its 10th Global 

Sustainability Report. 

The report outlines CapitaLand’s approach in integrating sustainability into its policies, structure, management  

and operations, the Group’s sustainability journey and provides insights into its strategies. It also highlights the 

economic, environmental and social aspects of the Group’s global developments and operations. Through this report,  

CapitaLand hopes to share its sustainability commitment with its various stakeholders, including staff, investors, 

customers, business partners, suppliers and contractors, the community, and government and national agencies.

International Standards and Guidelines 

CapitaLand was one of the first companies in Singapore to voluntarily publish its annual Sustainability Report and 

adopt the internationally recognised Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) reporting framework. This report has been 

prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option. For the Materiality Disclosures Service, GRI Services 

reviewed that the GRI content index is clearly presented and the references for Disclosures 102-40 to 102-49 align 

with appropriate sections in the body of the report.

It will continue to apply the Guiding Principles of the International Integrated Reporting Framework, ISO 26000:2010 

Guidance on Social Responsibility, and reference the United Nations (UN) Sustainable Development Goals. 

CapitaLand is a signatory to the UN Global Compact and committed to the 10 Principles. This report serves as its 

Communication on Progress (COP), which will be made available at www.unglobalcompact.org.

CapitaLand participates in the annual Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) Climate Change Programme and its 

footprint is calculated in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol1. It is taking steps to integrate the 

recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) in its reporting.

Reporting Scope and Period*

This report covers CapitaLand’s global portfolio and staff in over 20 countries, including its listed real estate 

investment trusts CapitaLand Mall Trust, CapitaLand Commercial Trust, Ascott Residence Trust, CapitaLand Retail 

China Trust and CapitaLand Malaysia Mall Trust, from 1 January to 31 December 2018 unless otherwise indicated. 

The reporting period aligns with the Group’s financial year. This report is to be read in conjunction with the Group’s 

Annual Report 2018 and other sustainability related disclosures which can be found at www.capitaland.com.

In line with CapitaLand’s continued commitment to environmental sustainability, no hard copies have been printed. 

This report and previous editions are available online at:  

https://www.capitaland.com/international/en/about-capitaland/sustainability.html

* GRI 102-45

INTRODUCTION

1 This is developed by the World Resources Institute (WRI) and World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD), which sets the 

global standard on how to measure, manage and report greenhouse gas emissions.


4

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

Independent Assurance 

CapitaLand appointed an independent third party, a consulting company specialising in business sustainability,  

to provide independent assurance for this report. The assurance encompassed the entire report and focused on all 

figures, statements and claims related to sustainability during the reporting period January 2018 to December 2018. 

The accuracy and reliability of the report’s statements and figures are also validated.

The assurance engagement was conducted in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance 

Engagements 3000 (ISAE 3000). The assurance included the evaluation of the Group’s sustainability behaviour and 

performance, based on the latest AA1000 Assurance Standard 2018. All underlying systems and processes that 

support the Group’s sustainability framework were reviewed, in adherence to the AA1000 AccountAbility Principles 

of inclusivity, materiality, responsiveness and impact. The assurance also covered the report’s overall compliance 

to the Singapore Exchange’s principles and rules on sustainability reporting. The independent assurance 

statement provides a summary of the audit report findings.

Feedback

Feedback from CapitaLand’s stakeholders is welcome as it enables continual improvement in the Group’s 

sustainability policies, processes and performance. Please send your comments and suggestions to  

ask-us@capitaland.com.

CapitaLand Limited

168 Robinson Road

#30-01 Capital Tower

Singapore 068912

Tel +65 6713 2888

Fax +65 6713 2999

www.capitaland.com

(Reg No. 198900036)

INTRODUCTION


5

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

MANAGING SUSTAINABILITY

Sustainability Commitment 

CapitaLand’s sustainability strategy is aligned with its credo of ‘Building People. Building Communities.’. 

CapitaLand is committed to improving the economic and social well-being of its stakeholders through the execution 

of development projects and management of its operations. In a rapidly changing business landscape, it actively 

embraces innovation to ensure commercial viability without compromising the environment for future generations.

CapitaLand upholds high standards of corporate governance and transparency to safeguard shareholders’ interests. 

It has in place an adequate and effective Enterprise Risk Management framework to enhance its business resilience 

and agility. CapitaLand’s proactive approach towards environmental, health and safety (EHS) management, which 

incorporates universal design into its developments, ensures that its properties are future-proof and sustainable. 

Policies and guidelines are put in place to ensure the efficient use of energy, water and other resources.

CapitaLand’s integrated human capital strategy aims to recruit, develop and motivate employees to drive growth  

for the Group. Community development is an important component of CapitaLand’s commitment to sustainability.  

It focuses on providing support to enhance the lives of underprivileged children, and the vulnerable elderly through 

corporate philanthropy and staff volunteerism.

CapitaLand was one of the first companies in Singapore to voluntarily publish its annual Sustainability Report and 

externally assure the entire report. Benchmarking against an international standard and framework that is externally 

validated helps CapitaLand to overcome the challenges in sustainability reporting that arise from its diversified asset 

types and geographical presence.

For its efforts, CapitaLand is listed in RobecoSAM’s The Sustainability Yearbook, Global 100 Most Sustainable 

Corporations, Dow Jones Sustainability World Index and Asia Pacific Index, Global Real Estate Sustainability 

Benchmark (5 Star), FTSE4Good Index Series, MSCI Global Sustainability Indexes, Euronext VigeoEiris Indices 

World 120 and STOXX® Global ESG Leaders Indices.

Some of the awards and accolades obtained by CapitaLand Group and its properties are listed on page 78-81 of the 

CapitaLand Annual Report 2018.

Board Statement

CapitaLand is committed to sustainability and incorporates the key principles of environment, social and governance 

(ESG) in setting its business strategies and operations. 

The CapitaLand Board sets the Group’s risk appetite, which determines the nature and extent of material risks that 

the Group is willing to take to achieve its strategic and business objectives. The risk appetite incorporates ESG 

factors such as fraud, corruption, bribery, environment, health and safety. 

The Board also approves the executive compensation framework based on the principle of linking pay to 

performance. The Group’s business plans are translated to both quantitative and qualitative performance targets 

including sustainable corporate practices and are cascaded throughout the organisation.

INTRODUCTION


6

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

Top Management Commitment and Staff Involvement

CapitaLand’s sustainability management comes under the purview of its Sustainability Council, comprising 

CapitaLand’s top management. It is supported by a Sustainability Steering Committee which oversees various work 

teams to ensure the Group’s continued progress and improvement in the areas of ESG. The Sustainability Steering 

Committee comprises the CEOs of the business units and Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) and the work 

teams comprise representatives from all business units. The CapitaLand’s Board of Directors is updated regularly 

through the Risk Committee and Audit Committee on matters relating to sustainability risks and business malpractice 

incidents. The Board is also updated on the sustainability management performance of the Group, key material 

issues identified by stakeholders and the planned follow up measures.

Sustainability  

Management Structure

CapitaDNA

(Vision, Mission, Credo and Core Values)

Board of Directors

Sustainability Council

Sustainability Steering Committee

All Staff

Various sustainability work teams 

covering environment, health and 

safety, corporate governance, 

enterprise risk management,  

human capital, investor relations, 

and corporate marketing and 

communications

Respect at all levels

Pursue Excellence

Integrity at all levels

Creativity to enhance value

People

(staff)

Develop a high

performance culture

that embraces diversity

and teamwork

Investors  

(including business

partners)

Deliver sustainable

shareholder returns

Customers

(tenants, shoppers,

home owners,

residents)

Create great customer

value and experiences

through high-quality

products and services

Communities

(suppliers/contractors,

government agencies/

NGOs, environment,

community)

Contribute positively

to the economic,

environmental and

social development  

of communities

INTRODUCTION


7

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

CapitaLand identifies and reviews material issues that are most relevant and significant to the Group and its 

stakeholders. These are prioritised based on the likelihood and potential impact of issues affecting business 

continuity and development. For external stakeholders, priority is given to issues important to the society and 

applicable to CapitaLand. This report covers CapitaLand’s international portfolio in over 20 countries unless 

otherwise indicated. For more information on stakeholder engagement, please refer to the Social and Relationship 

Capital, Human Capital and Environmental Capital chapters.

Environment 

Social/Labour Practices

Governance

Critical

• Energy efficiency

• Climate change and emissions 

reduction

• Water management

• Occupational health &amp; safety

• Employment

• Stakeholder engagement

• Supply chain management

• Compliance

• Business ethics

• Product and services^

Moderate and emerging

• Building materials

• Construction and operational waste

• Biodiversity

• Diversity

• Human rights

Prioritisation of ESG Material Issues

INTRODUCTION

Stakeholder Interest**

Stakeholders are groups that CapitaLand’s business has a significant impact on and those with a vested interest 

in our operations. Key stakeholders include staff, customers, business associates, builders and suppliers, and the 

local community. Other groups include regulators and key government agencies, non-governmental organisations 

(NGOs), representatives of the capital market and the media. They are mapped into groups based on their impact 

on CapitaLand. Through the various engagement channels, CapitaLand seeks to understand its stakeholders’ views, 

communicate effectively with them and respond to their concerns.

Materiality*

CapitaLand has a regular review, assessment and feedback process in relation to ESG topics. Key to this is 

an annual Group-wide Risk and Control Self-Assessment exercise which entails the identification, assessment 

and documentation of material risks and corresponding internal controls. Such material risks include fraud and 

corruption, environmental, health and safety, and human capital risks which are ESG-relevant. Other existing 

channels for feedback to ensure relevance of issues include:

Environment

• Regular dialogue/feedback sessions with government agencies (e.g. Building and 

Construction Authority (BCA), National Environment Agency)

• Active participation in Singapore Green Building Council

• Participate in engagement sessions with key sustainability indices

Social

• Regular dialogue with government agencies and unions

• Active participation in Singapore Workplace Safety and Health Council

• Regular employee engagement survey

• Participate in engagement sessions with key sustainability indices

Governance

• Engagement with Securities Investors Association (Singapore) (SIAS) periodically and for its 

annual Corporate Governance Conference

• Engagement where appropriate with Singapore Exchange and Monetary Authority of Singapore

• Participate in engagement sessions with key sustainability indices

* GRI 102-46, 102-47

** GRI 102-40, 102-42, 102-43, 102-44

^ This includes customer health and safety.


8

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

Stakeholder

Engagement Channel

Issues

Sustainability Report

Customers - 

homebuyers, 

residents, tenants  

and shoppers 

• Homebuyers: welcome parties, 

welcome kits

• Tenants: survey, green fit-out guide, 

enrichment events such as Biz+ 

events

• CapitaLand’s social media channels

• Workmanship, 

 design

• Facilities 

 management

• Customer experience

Social and

Relationship Capital,

Environmental Capital

Investors, Analysts

and Media

• Annual general meetings

• Quarterly financial results 

announcements

• Media releases and interviews

• Annual reports and sustainability 

reports

• Company website

• Regular analyst and investor meetings

• Responses to sustainability surveys

• Operational 

efficiency, monetary 

savings, cost 

avoidance

• Return on equity, 

earnings, business 

strategy, market 

outlook

• ESG risks and 

opportunities

Financial Capital,

Social and

Relationship Capital

Staff

• Regular dialogue sessions with senior 

management

• Regular staff engagement surveys

• Volunteer programmes

• Recreation club activities

• Work-life balance

• Remuneration and 

benefits

• Staff welfare

Human Capital,

Social and

Relationship

Capital

Supply Chain – main 

contractors, vendors, 

suppliers

• CapitaLand’s Supply Chain Code  

of Conduct

• EHS management system 

• Quarterly EHS monitoring, vendor 

evaluation, events, meetings and 

trainings

• Design and quality

• Occupational health 

and safety practices

• Workers’ welfare and 

well-being

• Environmental 

compliance

Human Capital,

Social and Relationship

Capital, Environmental

Capital

Government/ national 

agencies/ Community 

and NGOs 

• Senior management representation 

on boards of various industry bodies 

and sustainability-related public 

discussions

• Regulatory readiness to support the 

Singapore Government’s commitment 

to manage carbon emissions

• Longstanding partner to various 

national programmes

• Public communications plan for 

residents within a 100 m radius of our 

new developments

• Sustainability reports

• Participation in external conferences/

forums

• Corporate advertisements

• Consultation and sharing with 

academics, NGOs and business 

associations

• Sustainable building 

developments

• Stakeholder 

programmes to 

advocate sustainable 

tenant/resident/

customer behaviours

• Advocating best 

practices

Social and Relationship

Capital

** GRI 102-40, 102-42, 102-43, 102-44

INTRODUCTION


9

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

Capitals

What we do

(SDGs Supported)

2018 Value Created

Sustainability  

Report

Financial

• Earnings

• Equity

• Investments

• Assets

• Combination of operating income 

from investment properties and 

trading properties, disciplined 

capital recycling and growth of  

fee income

• Calibrated balance across product 

platforms and geographies

• Earnings before Interest and Tax 

S$4,145 million

• Return on Equity 9.3%

• Net Tangible Assets per Share 

S$4.40 

• Dividend of 12 cents per share

Financial Capital

Organisational

• Leadership &amp; 

culture

• Corporate 

governance

• Risk 

management

• CapitaLand adopts a strong stance 

against bribery and corruption

• All staff are required to make 

an annual declaration to uphold 

CapitaLand’s core values and not  

to engage in any corrupt or unethical 

practices

• Requires certain of its agreements 

with third-party service providers 

and vendors to incorporate 

anti-bribery and anti-corruption 

provisions

• Requires main contractor to ensure 

no child labour and forced labour  

at CapitaLand project sites

• Supply Chain Code of Conduct to 

influence its supply chain to operate 

responsibly in the areas of anti-

corruption, human rights, health 

and safety, as well as environmental 

management

• CapitaLand is a signatory to the  

UN Global Compact

(SDG 16)

• Refer to Corporate Governance, 

CapitaLand Annual Report 2018

• No reported incident relating to 

discrimination, child labour or 

forced labour in CapitaLand

Organisational 

Capital

CREATING VALUE AND ALIGNMENT TO  

UN SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS (SDGS2)

The Guiding Principles of the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) Framework were referenced in 

this report, and the material ESG issues are grouped into six Capitals – Financial, Organisational, Manufactured, 

Environmental, Human, and Social and Relationship. This is also mapped against some of CapitaLand’s key efforts 

and programmes in relation to the key UN SDGs.

2 The UN SDGs call on companies everywhere to advance sustainable development through the investments they make, the solutions they 

develop, and the business practices they adopt. In doing so, the goals encourage companies to reduce their negative impacts while enhancing 

their positive contribution to the sustainable development agenda.

INTRODUCTION


10

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

Capitals

What we do

(SDGs Supported)

2018 Value Created

Sustainability  

Report

Manufactured

• Environmentally 

sustainable, 

healthy, safe 

and accessible 

quality buildings 

• Innovative and 

sustainable 

construction 

methods and 

technologies

Environmental

• Carbon 

emissions

• Energy 

management

• Water 

stewardship

• Waste and 

resource 

management

CapitaLand is committed to:

• Reduce water consumption, reuse 

water and prevent water pollution, 

especially in countries where the 

availability of clean water and 

sanitation are of concern

• Reduce energy consumption through 

energy efficiency and encourage 

renewable energy sources

• Green its global operational portfolio  

by 2030

• Actively embrace innovation to 

ensure commercial viability without 

compromising the environment for 

future generations

• Future-proof its developments by 

addressing the risks of climate 

change right from the design stage

• Preserve the biodiversity of its sites 

as well as the wider area where 

possible

• Build safe, accessible, vibrant and 

quality real estate developments to 

enhance the lives of its shoppers, 

tenants, serviced residence guests, 

homeowners and members of the 

community

Occupational health and safety is of 

utmost importance to CapitaLand, 

including all its staff, tenants, 

contractors, suppliers and the 

communities who use its properties.

(SDG 3, 6, 7, 9, 11, 13, 15) 

• Achieved 21 green building 

ratings for its new development 

projects and existing buildings 

• S$170 million in utilities cost 

avoidance since 2009, arising 

from 17.6% and 20.9% energy 

and water reduction (per m2 from 

base year 2008) respectively 

• 29.8% reduction in carbon 

emissions intensity since 2008

• Achieved two BCA Universal 

Design Mark Awards for its 

projects in Singapore

• Two main contractors appointed 

for new development projects 

were both ISO 14001 and OHSAS 

18001 certified

Environmental 

Capital, Human 

Capital, 

Social and 

Relationship

Capital

INTRODUCTION


11

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

Capitals

What we do

(SDGs Supported)

2018 Value Created

Sustainability  

Report

Human

• Health and 

safety

• Job creation 

and security

• Learning and 

development

• Benefits and 

remuneration

CapitaLand believes that regardless 

of ethnicity, age or gender, staff 

can make a significant contribution 

based on their talent, expertise and 

experience. We adopt consistent, 

equitable, and fair labour policies 

and practices in rewarding as well as 

developing staff under the direct hire 

of CapitaLand.

CapitaLand is a signatory to the  

UN Global Compact.

CapitaLand aims to provide a 

work environment that is safe and 

contributes to the general  

well-being of its staff.

(SDG 3, 8, 10) 

• Global workforce 

 o more than 80 nationalities  

 

working within the Group

 o almost equal proportion of  

 

males and females, at a ratio  

 

of 47:53

 o 67% of CapitaLand’s global  

 

workforce was aged between  

 

30 and 50

• About 31% of senior 

management were women

• Over 50 training hours per staff

• Zero staff fatality or permanent 

disability

Human Capital

Social and 

relationship

• Stakeholder 

relations

• Social license  

to operate

• Community 

development

CapitaLand is committed to 

activities that are aligned with its 

focus on community investment, 

raising awareness and stakeholder 

engagement in the areas of 

philanthropy, environment, health and 

safety.

CapitaLand Hope Foundation 

(CHF), CapitaLand’s philanthropic 

arm, believes in investing in the 

fundamental needs of education, 

healthcare and shelter of 

underprivileged children to relieve 

them of hardship and help them to 

eventually break the poverty cycle3.

(SDG 1, 2, 4)

• More than 280 CapitaLand’s 

properties worldwide participated 

in the WWF Earth Hour initiative 

by turning off the façade and 

non-essential lights through  

the night

• Invested more than  

S$2.2 million through CHF  

to benefit underprivileged 

children and vulnerable elderly, 

and over S$0.5 million in other 

community development 

initiatives

• Staff volunteered for over  

10,700 hours

• Launched S$2 million CapitaLand 

Silver Empowerment Fund

Social and 

Relationship 

Capital

3 SDG1 No Poverty includes targets such as ensuring equal rights to economic resources. SDG2 Zero Hunger includes targets such as ending all 

forms of malnutrition. Both targets are in line with CHF’s work to provide education, healthcare and shelter for underprivileged children.

INTRODUCTION


12

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES (TCFD)

CapitaLand understands the impact that climate change can have on its portfolio and has been reporting on 

climate-related risks in its Sustainability Report. CapitaLand has pledged its support for the recommendations  

and has voluntarily disclosed some of our climate-related financial disclosures in four key areas as recommended  

by the TCFD4.

4 The Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) was created by the Financial Stability Board (FSB), an international body set up by 

the G20 to monitor risks to the financial system. It recommended a framework to give investors, lenders and underwriters greater clarity on how 

future-proof a company is in a world that is getting worryingly warmer and is an attempt to move climate-related issues into the mainstream of 

financial filings.

Key Area

Recommended Disclosure

Governing

Climate-Related

Risks and

Strategy

The CapitaLand Board sets the Group’s risk appetite, which determines the nature and 

extent of material risks that the Group is willing to take to achieve its strategic and business 

objectives. The risk appetite incorporates ESG factors such as Environment (including 

climate change).

CapitaLand’s sustainability management comes under the purview of its Sustainability 

Council, comprising members of CapitaLand’s top management. It is supported by a 

Sustainability Steering Committee which oversees various work teams to ensure the Group’s 

continued progress and improvement in the areas of ESG.

Strategy

and Risk

Management

Physical Risks

Climate change brings about different effects in different geographies including rising sea 

levels, violent storms, long intense heat waves, flash floods and fresh water depletion.  

2018 was the fourth hottest year on record according to NASA (National Aeronautics and 

Space Administration) data, and was the hottest year without the short-term warming 

influence of an El Niño-related event. The ways in which CapitaLand’s portfolio could be 

impacted by such physical risks are diverse, complex and uncertain.

Transitional Risks

The challenge for each nation is to strengthen its resilience against climate change risks, 

manage its GHG emissions and achieve economic growth in a sustainable manner.  

More stringent regulations may be expected and companies may be faced with increased 

expectations from stakeholders.

The Singapore government increased water prices by 30% in 2018, and announced facilities 

producing 25,000 tonnes or more of GHG in a year will have to pay a carbon tax from 2020 

at S$5 per tonne of GHG. The government will review the carbon tax rate by 2023, with plans 

to increase it to between S$10 and S$15 per tonne of emissions by 2030. Such measures will 

also impact inefficient end users with increased operational costs.

The China government has enacted two new environmental protection laws on 1 January 

2018. The first will formalise the tax collected from industrial polluters under a uniform set of 

national rules at a levy of between 1.2 yuan and 12 yuan for every 0.95 kg of nitrogen oxide 

or sulphur dioxide released. The other law will help combat water pollution more effectively  

in the country.

INTRODUCTION


13

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

Key Area

Recommended Disclosure

Response

Climate-related risks and opportunities are identified and mitigated through CapitaLand’s 

Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework, and its externally certified ISO14001 

Environmental Management System (EMS).

CapitaLand has been reducing energy and water consumption and encouraging the use 

of renewable sources in its operational properties. It aims to future-proof its developments 

by addressing the risks of climate change right from the design stage through the 

implementation of its CapitaLand Sustainable Building Guidelines (SBG). SBG aims to 

address issues of adaptation and mitigation. The local context of each project will be 

studied in detail, and appropriate measures will be taken in consideration of climate change. 

SBG also sets guidelines for buildings to be more energy efficient, e.g. setting green 

rating targets above legal requirements, and also encourage the use of renewable energy 

whenever possible.

CapitaLand is looking into conducting climate-related scenario analysis consistent with the 

recommendations, wherever possible, using commonly agreed sector/subsector scenarios 

and time horizons. This will include setting an internal price of carbon, to better anticipate 

and manage climate risks, as well as identify climate-related opportunities.

CapitaLand is positioned to face such challenges as it has in place a target to achieve  

green certification of its existing properties in its global portfolio by 2030. It is ISO 14001 

certified for its EMS in 15 countries. It recognises the importance of innovation in managing 

its environmental footprint and differentiating the company from its peers. It encourages the 

use of innovative green features in its developments.

Metrics and

Targets

Operational

CapitaLand has tracked and reduced its operational carbon emissions since 2008, and has 

disclosed related metrics in its annual Global Sustainability Report. Since 2010, CapitaLand 

has been disclosing Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG of CapitaLand global portfolio. 

It has a long-term carbon emissions target to reduce its carbon emissions intensity by 30% 

by 2030 from its 2008 baseline. It is also reviewing its target to set a science-based carbon 

reduction target and an internal carbon price.

Green Building Investment

CapitaLand aims to future-proof its developments by addressing the risks of climate change 

right from the design stage.

• Green rating target for all new developments

• Green certification of its existing properties in its global portfolio by 2030 

For more details, please refer to Environmental Capital Chapter.

INTRODUCTION


14

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

TRENDS- RISKS, CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES

Demographic Shifts (Ageing and Rise of Millennials)

As people lead longer lives, countries will increasingly encounter challenges of ageing populations in their urban 

spaces. The pace of the world population ageing is accelerating. By 2030, many middle-income countries would 

have aged considerably. By 2050, those aged 60 years or over are projected to account for 35% of the population 

of Europe, 28% of Northern America, 26% of Latin America and the Caribbean, 24% of Asia, 23% of Oceania, and 

9% of Africa5. 

In this regard, CapitaLand has taken the lead in implementing social integration designs into its Sustainable Building  

Guidelines. For its new projects in Singapore, a target has been set to achieve Universal Design Gold as assessed by 

Singapore’s BCA. In response to the ageing population, CapitaLand has also established a S$2-million CapitaLand 

Silver Empowerment Fund (CSEF), to improve the quality of life for the vulnerable elderly in Singapore through 

healthcare, deeper social integration and better living conditions. Since its establishment in 2005, this marks the first 

time that CapitaLand Hope Foundation, CapitaLand’s philanthropic arm, has expanded its mandate, from supporting 

underprivileged children to also include caring for the vulnerable elderly in Singapore.

For more information, please refer to Social and Relationship Capital Chapter.

Industry Transformation

As the pace of technological advancement within and outside of the real estate sector accelerates, consumer 

spending and the culture of work will change.

CapitaLand recognises the importance of innovation in managing its environmental footprint, improving the resilience 

of the properties and differentiating the company from its peers. It encourages innovative green features in its 

developments6. For more information, please refer to Environmental Capital Chapter.

INTRODUCTION

In anticipation of the technological change and its impact on the skillsets of its staff, CapitaLand has a series of 

programmes to upskill its staff to ensure they remain relevant and contribute to the company. For more information, 

please refer to Human Capital Chapter.

5 World Population Ageing 2017 report, United Nations, Department of Economic and Social Affairs, Population Division (2017).

6 More than S$540,000 was invested in innovative features for three of its projects

Leveraging Technology

Six CapitaLand malls in Singapore piloted an automatic surveillance monitoring project that uses artificial 

intelligence to identify abnormalities by analysing security information, funded by Infocomm Media Development 

Authority and Vi Dimensions. 

Three CapitaLand malls in Singapore embarked on a smarter generation pest control approach through the 

deployment of rodent sensors at strategic locations to monitor and narrow down the source of any rodent activity 

quickly. This minimised onsite manpower reliance to carry out periodic checks and ad-hoc flushing.

Such technology adoption in the security and pest control sector helps address manpower shortage issues as 

well as skills enhancement in these supply chain sectors.


15

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

PRESIDENT &amp; GROUP CEO’S MESSAGE

Dear Stakeholders

At CapitaLand, we recognise that the long-term success of our business is closely intertwined with the health and 

prosperity of the communities we operate in. We firmly believe in doing good and doing right, as we do well, and will 

continue to place sustainability as an integral part of CapitaLand’s global business.

As a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact’s (UNGC1) commitment, we adopt UNGC’s universal principles 

on human rights, labour, the environment and anti-corruption, to create a positive impact aligned with the United 

Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDG).

A decade ago, CapitaLand was one of the first companies in Singapore to voluntarily publish its Global Sustainability 

Report. This dedication to transparency and rigour continues to guide us in our sustainability journey today. 

CapitaLand is a supporter of the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) and recently the Taskforce on Climate-Related 

Financial Disclosure (TCFD).

Over the 10 years, CapitaLand has transformed into one of the leaders in sustainability within the real estate industry 

in the world. Our sustainability efforts have been consistently recognised globally. CapitaLand was ranked 33rd in the 

Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations in the World 2019. We remain the only Singapore real estate company to 

receive the “Bronze Class” distinction in The Sustainability Yearbook 2019 by RobecoSAM, an investment specialist 

focused on sustainability investing.

We are encouraged by the recognition worldwide and inspired to do better. We remain a purpose-driven company 

to enrich people and communities as we seek to transform city living globally.

Championing Green Buildings

As part of our strategy to reduce CapitaLand’s environmental footprint, we focus on improving our operational 

efficiency and reducing our energy, water and carbon emission intensity. In 2018, we achieved utilities cost 

avoidance in excess of S$170 million for the Group since 2009 by reducing our energy intensity (per m2) and water 

intensity (per m2) by 17.6% and 20.9% respectively for our operational properties. We have also reduced our carbon 

emission intensity by 29.8% since 2008, exceeding our 2020 target of 23%.

CapitaLand has endeavoured to obtain green certifications for our global portfolio of owned and managed properties 

by 2030, and at the end of 2018, we achieved green certifications for 70% (by m2) of our properties.

To accelerate the greening of our portfolio, we collaborated with International Finance Corporation (IFC), a member 

of the World Bank Group, to pioneer the first green certification for the serviced residence industry under its EDGE 

(Excellence in Design for Greater Efficiencies) framework. Ascott Makati in Manila is the first serviced residence in 

the world to be certified under this new category.

Integrating Sustainability With Corporate Financing

Beyond greening our properties, we integrated sustainability into our corporate financing activities. Last year, 

CapitaLand inked Asia’s first and largest real estate sustainability-linked loan with DBS and was the first to 

collaborate with RobecoSAM, an investment specialist focused on sustainability investing. Pegging interest rates to 

our sustainability efforts, the loan is a testament of our strong, holistic and long-term commitment to sustainability.

1 UNGC is the largest corporate sustainability initiative in the world with more than 9,500 companies and 3,000 non-business signatories based in over 

160 countries, and 70 Local Networks. https://www.unglobalcompact.org/about.


16

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

PRESIDENT &amp; GROUP CEO’S MESSAGE

Extending Our Social Investment Impact

In 2018, CapitaLand invested more than S$2.2 million through our philanthropic arm, CapitaLand Hope Foundation 

(CHF) to support more than 18,000 children beneficiaries and over 42,000 vulnerable elderly. CHF expanded  

its mandate last year to support the vulnerable elderly in Singapore and improve their quality of life. Notably,  

CHF established a S$2 million CapitaLand Silver Empowerment Fund in partnership with Community Chest 

Singapore. Programmes such as the CapitaLand-NUHKids Nutrition Fund continued to support underprivileged 

children undergoing medical treatment, while the CapitaLand-Yellow Ribbon Fund Children supported the 

development of cognitive and socio-emotional skills for children of offenders aged between 3 and 12 years old.

Driving Sustainability As One Of Asia’s Largest Real Estate Companies

In FY 2018, CapitaLand achieved a 12% increase in PATMI at S$1.8 billion, the highest net profit recorded since 

2008. Our return on equity grew to 9.3% from 8.6% in FY 2017. In the coming year, CapitaLand will acquire all the 

issued shares of each of Ascendas Pte Ltd and Singbridge Pte. Ltd2 upon legal completion by end June 2019, 

creating one of Asia’s largest diversified real estate groups with over S$123 billion of assets under management.  

As we strive towards delivering sustainable returns to our shareholders, we are elevating our sustainability efforts 

across our enlarged group:

• Extend our zero-tolerance policy on corruption and bribery for our expanded organisation to maintain a high 

standard of integrity when conducting our business.  

• Recalibrate upwards our Group’s energy, water consumption and carbon emission targets, and aim to have our 

carbon emission targets approved by the Science-Based Targets Initiative3. This includes a target of at least 20% 

energy consumption from renewable energy for the enlarged Group by 2025, and 100% green certifications for  

our properties in our enlarged global portfolio by 2030.

• Further tackle the issue of resource consumption within our operations, focusing on single-use plastics and paper 

consumption, and expect to see significant reductions from 2020. 

• Seek more sustainability-linked and green financial instruments to further twin our sustainability and fundraising efforts.

We thank our employees for their dedication as well as our customers, shareholders, and partners for their continued 

support. Together, we can create a greater impact on improving the economic, environmental and social well-being 

of the communities we operate in.

LEE CHEE KOON

President &amp; Group Chief Executive Officer

CapitaLand Group

2 Ascendas Pte Ltd (APL) and Singbridge Pte. Ltd. (SB), are the holding companies of the business of Ascendas-Singbridge. APL holds business space 

and industrial development platforms and fund management platforms; and SB holds the joint ventures for large scale urban development projects.

3 This is to align with the 2015 Paris Agreement commitment to limit global warming up to 1.5°C.

Mr Lee Chee Koon at the CapitaLand  

My Schoolbag Programme 2018 event 

which saw over 170 staff volunteers guiding 

and caring for more than 180 beneficiaries 

including students from the Movement for  

the Intellectually Disabled of Singapore 

(MINDS) and the Association for Persons  

with Special Needs (APSN).




17

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

FINANCIAL CAPITAL

CapitaLand achieved a third consecutive year of growth in profit, registering a PATMI of S$1.8 billion and ROE of 9.3% 

for FY 2018. PATMI grew by S$192.9 million year-on-year on account of higher gains realised from assets recycling 

and revaluation of its investment properties. It is the company’s highest net profit recorded since 2008.

Sound risk management coupled with good corporate governance policies and practices are vital in driving the 

Group’s long-term sustainable growth and shareholder value. 

The Group maintains a prudent capital structure and actively reviews its cashflows, debt maturity profile and overall 

liquidity position on an ongoing basis. The main sources of the Group’s operating cashflows are derived from 

residential sales, fees and rental income from its commercial and integrated developments, shopping malls and 

serviced residence business. To support its funding requirements, investment needs and growth plans, the Group 

actively diversifies its funding sources through a combination of bank facilities and capital market issuances. 

As at 31 December 2018, the Group’s gross debt stood at S$23.6 billion. With a cash balance of S$5.1 billion, 

the net debt as at 31 December 2018 was S$18.6 billion. The Group’s net gearing as at end 2018 was higher at 

0.56 times as compared to 0.49 times as at end 2017, mainly due to additional loans taken to fund the Group’s 

investments and ongoing development expenditure for projects under construction. CapitaLand prudently staggered 

its debt maturity profile which stretches from 2019 to 2027 and beyond, and also avoided debt towers. For 2019,  

the on balance sheet debt due is at a manageable 13.5%. It extended its debt maturity to 3.6 years in 2018 from  

3.4 years in 2017 and the average cost of borrowings remained low, at 3.2% per annum.

The Group continued to explore new ways to improve its financial flexibility and resilience. In October 2018,  

the Group secured a general corporate purpose S$300 million sustainability-linked five-year multi-currency facility.  

The interest rate on this facility may be adjusted downwards, pegged to the Group’s performance against 

Environment, Sustainability and Governance (ESG) indicators. The sustainability-linked loan was the first and largest 

in Asia’s real estate sector. 

For a detailed breakdown of its 2018 financial results, five-year financial summary, economic value-added statement 

and value-added statement, please refer to the following sections in the CapitaLand Limited Annual Report 2018:

• 2018 Highlights, page 8

• 5-Year Financial Summary, page 10

• Performance Overview, page 90-96

• Economic Value-Added Statement, page 289

• Value Added Statement, page 290

Year

2018

2017

2016

2015

2014

Revenue (S$ million)

5,602.4 

4,618.2 

5,252.3 

4,761.9 

3,924.6

Earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) (S$ million)

4,145.0

3,302.2

2,359.5 

2,316.0 

2,436.9

Profit attributable to shareholders (PATMI) (S$ million)

1,762.5

1,569.6 

1,190.3

1,065.7

1,160.8

Operating PATMI (S$ million)

872.2

927.2

865.3 

823.6

705.3 

Earnings per share (cents)

42.1

37.0

28.0

25.0 

27.3 

Net Tangible Assets per Share (S$)

4.40

4.20

4.05

4.11

3.83

Return on Equity (ROE) (%)

9.3

8.6

6.6

6.1

7.1

Ordinary dividend per share (cents)

12.0

12.0

10.0

9.0

9.0


18

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

ORGANISATIONAL CAPITAL

CapitaLand strived, where applicable, to align its policies and practices to regional and international standards, 

surveys or indices including:

• ISO 14001 – Environmental Management

• OHSAS 18001 – Occupational Health and Safety Management

• ISO 26000 – Guidance on Social Responsibility

• Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI)

• Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark (GRESB)

• Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP)

• FTSE4Good Index Series

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CapitaLand (including its subsidiaries) embraces the tenets of good corporate governance including accountability, 

transparency and sustainability. It is committed to enhancing long-term shareholder value and has the appropriate 

people, processes and structure to direct and manage the business and affairs of the company. The policies and 

practices it has developed to meet the specific business needs of the Group provide a firm foundation for a trusted 

and respected business enterprise. The Company remains focused on complying with the substance and spirit of 

the principles of the Code of Corporate Governance 2012 while achieving operational excellence and delivering the 

Group’s long-term strategic objectives. The Board of Directors (Board) is responsible for the Company’s corporate 

governance standards and policies, underscoring their importance to the Group.

To demonstrate its commitment in upholding the highest standards of corporate governance, CapitaLand and its 

Singapore listed REITs joined the Securities Investors Association (Singapore) (SIAS) and its partners in making the 

following public Statement of Support:

“As an Organisation, we are committed to upholding high standards of corporate governance to enhance 

shareholder value. We believe practising good corporate governance is central to the health and stability  

of our financial markets and economy.”

CapitaLand was the Platinum Sponsor at the eighth Singapore Corporate Governance Week (organised by the SIAS) 

in September 2018 where business leaders, academics and policy makers shared corporate governance perspectives 

and experiences.

CapitaLand continued to receive accolades from the investment community for excellence in corporate governance.  

It was accorded the Most Transparent Company Award (Properties) for the Singapore Corporate Governance Award  

at the SIAS 19th Investors’ Choice Awards. 

CapitaLand was ranked 3rd out of 589 listed companies in the Singapore Governance and Transparency Index 2018. 

This annual study was conducted by the National University of Singapore Business School’s Centre for Governance, 

Institutions and Organisations.

For detailed disclosure on the application of its corporate governance practices with reference to the Code, please 

refer to the Corporate Governance Report on page 37-69 in the CapitaLand Limited Annual Report 2018. Where there 

are deviations from any of the guidelines of the Code, an explanation has been provided within the Annual Report.  

In addition, the company has included its answers to the questions in the Disclosure Guide provided by the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (SGX-ST) on page 63-69 of the Annual Report.

Board Independence, Diversity and Performance

All Board committees are chaired by independent non-executive Directors. The Audit Committee, Executive Resource 

and Compensation Committee, Nominating Committee and Risk Committee comprise only independent non-executive 

Directors. For more information, please refer to the CapitaLand Limited Annual Report 2018, page 40-42.

Female representation is also considered an important aspect of diversity. The current Board comprises  

11 members who are corporate and business leaders, and are professionals with varied background, expertise 

and experience in industries including finance, banking, real estate, legal, accounting, general management 

and technology. The current Board has two female members. It has adopted the Board Diversity Policy which 

provides for the Board to comprise talented and dedicated Directors with a diverse mix of expertise, experience, 


19

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

ORGANISATIONAL CAPITAL

1 (a) Fraud is the use of deception with the intention of obtaining an advantage, or avoiding an obligation or causing loss to another party.  

Fraud can be perpetuated by employees, third parties or a collusion between employees and third parties.

 

(b) Bribery and corruption is the offering, promising, giving, accepting or soliciting of an undue advantage of any value (which could be financial 

or non-financial), directly or indirectly, and irrespective of location, in violation of applicable law. These are usually made as an inducement or 

reward for a person acting or refraining from acting in relation to the performance of that person’s duties.

perspectives, skills and backgrounds, with due consideration to diversity, including but not limited to, diversity in 

business or professional experience, age and gender. For more information, please refer to CapitaLand Limited 

Annual Report 2018, page 22-29 and 58. 

Each year, the Nominating Committee (NC) undertakes a process to evaluate the effectiveness of the Board as a 

whole and the various Board Committees. An external consultant was engaged to facilitate the evaluation process  

for the Board’s performance in FY 2018. The consultant is independent of and is not related to the company or any 

of its Directors. As part of the process, questionnaires are sent by the consultant to the Directors and management, 

and interviews were conducted where required. The objective of the interviews is to seek clarifications to the 

feedback obtained from the responses in the questionnaires, during which broader questions might also be raised  

to help validate certain survey findings.

The evaluation categories covered in the questionnaire include Board composition, information management,  

Board processes, corporate integrity and social responsibility, managing company performance, strategy review, 

Board Committee effectiveness, President &amp; Group CEO (P&amp;GCEO) performance and succession planning,  

Director development and management, and managing risk and adversity. The findings and the recommendations 

of the consultant which include benchmarking information and best practices of other boards, are considered by  

the Board and follow up action is taken where necessary.

In respect of individual Directors, a formal evaluation is carried out by the NC as and when a Director is due for 

retirement by rotation and is seeking reelection.

The Board has adopted a Board Code of Business Conduct &amp; Ethics which provides for every Director to, among 

other things, adhere to the highest standards of ethical conduct, which includes not allowing himself/herself to be  

in a situation where there is a conflict between his/her duty to the Company and his/her own interests.

Fraud, Bribery and Corruption (FBC) Risk Management Framework

CapitaLand adopts a zero-tolerance stance against any FBC1 in the conduct of its business activities and expects  

all its staff to be committed to the highest standards of integrity in their work and business dealings.

In 2018, CapitaLand carried out a comprehensive review of its existing anti-fraud and corruption programme which 

resulted in the Company consolidating, streamlining and adopting a FBC Risk Management Policy, approved by 

the Audit Committee and endorsed by the Board. The FBC Risk Management framework has been set in place to 

manage FBC risks in an integrated, systematic and consistent manner.

Prevention

Detection &amp; Monitoring

Response

• Process-specific Controls

• Risk Assessment

• Know &amp; Manage Third Party

• Managing Conflicts of Interest

• Hiring

• Detecting of Irregularities

• Monitoring of Fraud Risk Profile

• Independent Review &amp; Audit

• Report Fraud Incident

• Investigation

• Insurance &amp; Recovery

• Protocol to observe when 

contacted by Authorities

• Disclose to Authorities &amp; Media

• Disciplinary Actions

• Review of Controls

Risk-Aware Culture

FBC Risk Management Strategy

Board Oversight &amp; Senior Management Involvement

FBC Risk Management Framework


20

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

ORGANISATIONAL CAPITAL

Together with various CapitaLand’s policies and procedures, the FBC Risk Management Policy is published on 

the Group’s intranet and accessible by staff. The policies CapitaLand has implemented aim to help detect and 

prevent FBC by:

• offering fair compensation packages based on practices of pay-for-performance and promotion based on 

merit, to its staff; and providing various healthcare subsidies and financial assistance schemes to alleviate the 

common financial pressures faced by its staff.

• documenting policies and work procedures which incorporate internal controls to ensure that adequate 

checks and balances are in place. Periodic audits are also conducted to evaluate the efficacy of these 

internal controls.

• building and maintaining the right organisational culture through its core values, educating its staff on good 

business conduct and ethical values.

In addition, these various policies and guidelines call upon the staff to observe ethical principles in the conduct 

of business activities which include:

• Abiding by CapitaLand’s Ethics and Code of Business Conduct Policies which deal with matters such as 

confidentiality, conduct and work discipline, corporate gifts and concessionary offers. Clear policies and 

guidelines on how to handle workplace harassment and grievances are also in place2.

• Acting professionally and with integrity; 

• Practising fair competition;

• Honouring contractual commitments made;

• Not making inaccurate or misleading statements;

• Making decisions or representations only when duly authorised;

• Ensuring appropriateness of frequency and venue when conducting business activities;

• Maintaining security and confidentiality of data and information; and

• Not manipulating business relationships for personal gains or interests.

CapitaLand’s zero-tolerance policy on FBC extends to its business dealings with third parties (including 

contractors, subcontractors, consultants, agents, representatives and others performing work or services for or 

on behalf of CapitaLand). Pursuant to this policy, it requires that certain agreements of the Group incorporate 

anti-corruption provisions.

2 This includes the Securities Dealing Policy. It sets out prohibitions against dealings in the company’s securities (i) while in possession of 

material unpublished price-sensitive information, (ii) during the two weeks immediately preceding, and up to the time of the announcement 

of the company’s results for each of the first three quarters of its financial year and, (iii) during the one month preceding, and up to the time 

of announcement of the company’s results for the full financial year. Directors and/or staff are also prohibited from dealing in securities of the 

company and other relevant listed entities in the Group if they are in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information of the company 

and other listed entities by virtue of their status as Directors and/or staff. As and when appropriate, they would be issued an advisory to refrain 

from dealing in the relevant securities. Under the policy, Directors and staff are also discouraged from trading on short-term or speculative 

considerations. They are also prohibited from using any information with respect to other companies or entities obtained in the course of their 

employment, in connection with securities transactions of such companies or entities.

3 Progressively rolled out from end 2017.

Staff

Supply Chain/ Partners

Communication/

Signing of Code

of Conduct

• FBC Risk Management Policy

• Annual declaration through the 

‘CapitaLand Pledge’ to uphold 

CapitaLand’s core values, and not 

to engage in any corrupt practices

• Relevant training

• FBC Risk Management Policy

• CapitaLand Supply Chain Code 

of Conduct3, and anti-corruption 

clause in key contracts

Feedback channels

• Whistle-blowing reporting

• Whistle-blowing reporting


21

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

ORGANISATIONAL CAPITAL

A whistle-blowing policy and other procedures are in place to provide the Group’s staff and external parties who 

have dealings with the Group, with a well-defined, accessible and trusted channel to report suspected FBC, 

dishonest practices or other improprieties in the workplace. It also allows for the independent investigation of any 

reported incidents and appropriate actions for follow up. The objective of the whistle-blowing policy is to encourage 

the reporting of such matters – that staff or external parties making any report in good faith will be able to do so with 

confidence, that they will be treated fairly, and to the furthest extent possible, be protected from reprisal if any.

Substantiated cases are reported quarterly to the CapitaLand Audit Committee and shared with the risk champions 

regularly. Actions taken can include the termination of staff’s contract, and/or reporting to the appropriate external 

authorities. In 2018, 12 such cases were substantiated4. Staff involved in 10 of these cases were either terminated 

and/or reported to appropriate external authorities. Some had resigned on their own accord. There were no cases 

involving anti-competitive or money laundering behaviour.

CapitaLand made no payment/donations to politicians or political parties as it expects its projects to be judged on 

their merits.

Other Ethical Management Issues

CapitaLand is committed to best practices and complies with the relevant legislations and requirements.

CapitaLand supports the ethical marketing of its products and services, including the marketing of its residential, 

commercial and serviced residence projects. CapitaLand adheres to the Singapore Code of Advertising Practice 

(SCAP) and any other rules and regulations that apply. The SCAP was formulated against the background of 

Singapore’s national law, international law and practice, including the International Code of Advertising Practice 

published by the International Chamber of Commerce. CapitaLand’s communications/ marketing Code of Conduct 

is made available on its intranet. CapitaLand ensures that timely and accurate information is disseminated in the 

markets that it operates. This is particularly important in its residential developments where marketing collaterals and 

showflat presentations are done as accurately as possible to avoid misleading potential homebuyers. In Singapore, 

CapitaLand adheres to the Urban Redevelopment Authority’s Housing Developers Rules.

Marketing activities relating to shopping malls and office spaces, such as advertisements and promotions (A&amp;P), 

are generally guided by external A&amp;P consultants, and are in compliance with local marketing requirements as 

stipulated by CapitaLand. In 2018, a sales brochure was found to be in breach of the Advertising Act in China.  

This breach was not in relation to the property but about the description of the company. Learning points were 

shared to prevent similar incidents from recurring. 

Training

CapitaLand implemented initiatives to ensure that all staff understand the Group’s core values and principles 

that shape the way the Group works and functions. This is a compulsory module in the CapitaLand Immersion 

Programme (CIP) for new staff from various countries. For existing staff, there are dedicated training courses in 

Singapore such as “CapitaDNA: Strengthening Core Values”, where specific examples and applications of the 

company’s core values in the workplace are shared. As the majority of CapitaLand staff are based in China,  

this training module is also offered there. In 2018, more than 230 new staff from Singapore, China and other 

countries participated in the CIP. More than 3,260 staff have attended the CapitaDNA courses in Singapore,  

China, and other countries. In addition, over 3,180 staff clocked in over 8,900 hours of training pertaining to ethics 

and code of conduct, such as preventing and detecting money laundering, profiling and investigation techniques. 

Over 1,170 staff clocked close to 2,000 hours of training relating to enterprise risk management. This has a 

component on sharing of FBC incidents as well as CapitaLand’s FBC Policy and Framework. 

4 These cases are reported regardless of the financial amount. 


22

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

ORGANISATIONAL CAPITAL

Enterprise Risk Management (ERM)

Risk management is an integral part of CapitaLand’s business at both the strategic and operational levels.  

Its objective is not risk minimisation, but rather the optimisation of opportunities within the known and agreed risk 

appetite levels set by the Board. In short, CapitaLand takes measured risks in a prudent manner for justifiable 

business reasons. Its Board of Directors is responsible for the governance of risks across the Group.

CapitaLand’s ERM Framework is adapted from the ISO 31000 International Risk Management Standards. It is also 

guided by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) Internal Control-

Integrated Framework and other relevant best practices and guidelines. It sets out the required environmental and 

organisational components which enable the Group to manage risks in an integrated, systematic and consistent 

manner. The ERM Framework and related risk management policies are reviewed annually.

A robust internal control system and an independent review and audit process are the twin pillars that underpin 

the Group’s ERM Framework. While the line management is responsible for the design and implementation of 

effective internal controls using a risk-based approach, the Internal Audit function reviews such design and 

implementation to provide reasonable assurance to the Audit Committee on the adequacy and effectiveness  

of the internal control system.

Annually, the Risk Assessment Group (RAG) facilitates and coordinates the Group-wide Risk and Control Self-

Assessment exercise that requires business and corporate executive leaders to proactively identify, assess and 

document material risks as well as the corresponding key controls and mitigating measures needed to address 

them. Material risks and their associated controls are consolidated and reviewed at the Group level before they  

are presented to the Risk Committee, Audit Committee and the CapitaLand Board.

Awareness and preparedness for potential risks affecting its business continuity help CapitaLand minimise the 

impact of disruption to its business operations. CapitaLand has a Business Continuity Management Policy to guide 

the business units in the implementation of business continuity plans. Periodic exercises have been conducted with 

its results recorded for continual improvements to be made. 

With increased reliance on digital capabilities as a business enabler, CapitaLand has in place Group-wide policies 

and procedures which set out the governance and controls of IT risks, including cyber risks. It sharpened its 

focus on cyber resilience by increasing efforts to strengthen its internal cyber security ecosystem. Appropriate 

measures are in place to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of CapitaLand’s IT assets. This includes 

implementing access controls, building up data security, raising staff’s IT security awareness through activities such 

as anti-phishing campaigns, and conducting an annual IT disaster recovery exercise to ensure business recovery 

objectives are met.

CapitaLand believes that having the right risk culture and people with the right attitude, values and knowledge 

are fundamental to the Group’s success. Therefore, the RAG continues to proactively enhance risk management 

knowledge by conducting regular workshops targeted at different management levels and functions, and to promote 

a culture of risk awareness which embeds risk management principles in decision making and business processes. 

Sustainability risks identified include fraud, bribery and corruption risk, environmental risk, health and safety risk as 

well as regulatory and compliance risk.

For more information regarding Enterprise Risk Assessment, please refer to the CapitaLand Limited Annual Report 

2018, page 68-71.


23

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

* GRI 102-40, 102-42, 102-43, 102-44

FRAMEWORK*

Material Issues,

Context and

Business Case

Climate Change  

and Energy

Water

Waste

Biodiversity

• Global Greenhouse 

gas (GHG) emissions 

at unsustainable level

• Rising demands for 

energy, compounded 

by finite resources

• Water scarcity, 

accessibility and 

security

• Waste generation at 

unsustainable rates

• Land scarcity for waste 

disposal

• Cost pressure from 

resource scarcity

• Interdependence 

between ecosystems 

and the well-being of 

the community

The efficient use of environmental resources such as energy and water contributes to the operational efficiency 

and long-term sustainability of the company, mitigates risks such as compliance and climate change, 

and presents new opportunities in differentiating the company in the markets that it has a presence in.

Policy and

Objectives

• Identify opportunities in managing its property portfolio to deliver long-term benefits

• Identify and respond to climate change risks

• Reduce energy consumption and encourage renewable energy sources

• Reduce water consumption and encourage the use of treated/recycled water and rainwater harvesting

• Manage waste through construction efficiency and encourage recycling

• Manage biodiversity to contribute positively to the natural environment

• Engage stakeholders to play their part

Accountability

• CEOs are Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) Champions

• ISO 14001 certified Environmental Management System (EMS) ensures accountability to relevant 

managers and all staff

• Set key performance indicators (KPIs) linked to remuneration for all staff; track performance via an 

Environmental Tracking System (ETS)

Method/

Action Plan

Environmental Management System (EMS)

• Legal compliance

• Identify environment aspects and manage impact

• Sustainable Building Guidelines - including Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) and stakeholder 

consultation

• Appoint ISO 14001 certified main contractors or conduct EMS legal compliance on-site

• Green operations – EMS SOPs

KPIs

• Green rating target for new buildings and major refurbishments

• Green existing property portfolio

• Eco-efficiency targets: improve performance through tracking of energy and water usage,  

waste generation and carbon emissions

• Stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder

Engagement

• Be part of national policy-making

• Collaborate with non-governmental organisations (NGOs)

• Require and indicate preference for ISO 14001 main contractors/vendors

• Share CapitaLand EHS policy with suppliers and service providers

• Share and encourage end users, including tenants, shoppers, residents and the general community, 

to adopt environmentally sustainable habits

CapitaLand is committed to minimising its environmental impact as a real estate owner, developer and manager.  

It believes that lowering the environmental footprint of its buildings through innovation creates value for its stakeholders.

It incorporates environmental sustainability in its life cycle management, in all stages of a project, from feasibility, 

design, procurement, construction, operation to redevelopment. Monitoring environmental impacts is integral to its 

business operations, as the efficient use of environmental resources such as energy and water contributes to the 

operational efficiency and long-term sustainability of the company.

The following elements are CapitaLand’s material environmental aspects of its business functions including 

investment, property development, property management as well as corporate office management.

ENVIRONMENTAL CAPITAL


24

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

ENVIRONMENTAL CAPITAL

Mitigating Climate Change Risks and Identifying Opportunities 

Climate change risks and opportunities are identified and mitigated through CapitaLand’s Enterprise Risk 

Management (ERM) framework and the externally certified ISO14001 Environmental Management System. 

CapitaLand is positioned to face such challenges as it has in place a target to achieve green certification of  

existing properties worldwide by 2030. It is also ISO 14001 certified for its Environmental Management System  

in 15 countries. On the alignment to the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD1) reporting, 

please refer to the Introduction Chapter.

TOP MANAGEMENT COMMITMENT AND STAFF INVOLVEMENT

CapitaLand’s Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS) Committee maintains the Group’s EHS Management System. 

Each Strategic Business Unit (SBU) also has its own EHS Committee to drive initiatives in countries where they 

operate with support from various departments. The CapitaLand EHS Committee doubles up as the CapitaLand 

Environment Sustainability Working Team and supports the work of CapitaLand’s Sustainability Steering Committee. 

Please refer to the Introduction Chapter for details of the Sustainability Management Structure.

All staff are involved in reducing CapitaLand’s environmental footprint. They are encouraged to be forthcoming and 

to report all incidences of environmental-related issues and complaints, as well as incidences of non-compliances 

and non-conformities.

CapitaLand Environmental, Health and Safety Management Structure

1 This taskforce was created by the Financial Stability Board (FSB), an international body set up by the G20 to monitor risks to the financial system. 

It recommended a framework to give investors, lenders and underwriters greater clarity on how future-proofed a company is in a world that 

is getting worryingly warmer, and is an attempt to move climate-related issues into the mainstream of financial filings. The financial risks from 

climate change, outlined in this report, range from abrupt changes in energy costs and hiked insurance premiums, to property damage from 

floods and storms and the upfront cost of low-emissions technology.

All Staff

Sustainability Council

Sustainability 

Steering Committee

Environment  

Sustainability Work Team /  

EHS Committee

Other 

sustainability 

work teams

CEOs

EHS Champions

(Accountable for SBU EHS Performance)

SBU EHS Committees

(Accountable for EHS  

implementation in their operating 

platforms, and countries  

where it has presence)

SBU 

representatives  

in EHS  

Committee


25

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

ENVIRONMENTAL CAPITAL

Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) Tied to Remuneration

To measure its performance, CapitaLand has incorporated KPIs, most of which are linked to remuneration for its staff 

including top management.

2 Iconic projects refer to Raffles City developments, Grade A offices and projects involving a world-renowned architect.

3 Green Building Evaluation Label (GBEL) administered by China’s Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development.

4 This is computed from 43 completed projects and projects under construction, based on their submissions for Singapore’s Building and 

Construction Authority (BCA) Green Mark and LEED green rating.

5 This is based on computation of data from 126, 142, 148, 164, 161, 172, 174, 178, 192 and 175 properties for the period from 2009 to 2018 respectively. 

Excluded properties undergoing asset enhancement initiatives and newly operational properties. Cost avoidance is computed by multiplying the 

absolute energy (kWh) and water (m3) savings against the annual average tariff rate for Singapore on a business-as-usual (BAU) basis.

2018 Key Performance Indicators

Targets

Performance

Environmental 

Management 

System (EMS)

ISO 14001 certification for its EMS in 

all markets with investment properties 

managed by CapitaLand

Manage risks of environmental impact

Retained ISO 14001 certification in 15 countries covering all 

markets with investment properties managed by CapitaLand

EMS is audited annually, providing assurance to top management 

and external investors on the company’s compliance and 

alignment to best practices

Supply Chain 

Management

All main contractors appointed are to be 

ISO 14001 certified or, to comply fully with 

local environmental laws and regulations, 

and audited annually by an independent 

accredited assessor

Two main contractors appointed in 2018 are ISO 14001 certified

Resource 

Consumption 

Management

All new development projects to meet 

minimum green rating target set

• Singapore – Green Mark GoldPLUS award

• Overseas – certification by a green 

rating system administered by a national 

government ministry/agency or a 

World Green Building Council (WGBC) 

recognised Green Building Council. 

Green rating for iconic projects2 to be 

one level higher than certification

All existing buildings to achieve a minimum 

green rating

• Singapore – by 2020

• Overseas – by 2030

Achieved 4 LEED, 11 Green Mark, 3 Green Building Evaluation 

Label3, 2 GREENSHIP and 1 EDGE

Total of 179 green ratings achieved for new development projects 

and existing buildings

Estimated energy and water reduction exceeding S$35 million 

(over 165 MWh/year and 1.4 million m3/year) from these projects4, 

while estimated carbon emission reduction is about 89 million 

kgCO2e/year

Four projects under development have been designed to harvest 

renewable energy on-site

94% of CapitaLand’s existing buildings in Singapore (by m2) has  

at least a Green Mark Gold rating 

64% of CapitaLand’s existing buildings overseas (by m2) has 

achieved a green rating

Operational  

Efficiency 

0.3% energy reduction and 0.3% water 

reduction per m2 (vs. 2017 for like-for-like 

set of properties)

Reduce carbon emissions intensity by 23% 

by 2020, and 30% by 2030

Reduce energy intensity by 20% by 2020, 

and 25% by 2030

Reduce water intensity by 20% by 2020, 

and 30% by 2030

(using 2008 as the base year)

1.5% and 0.6% reduction in energy and water consumption per m2 

(vs. 2017 like-for-like set of properties)

Reduced 7.7% carbon emissions intensity (vs. 2017 like-for-like set 

of properties)

Achieved 29.8% carbon emissions reduction, 17.6% energy 

reduction and 20.9% water reduction per m2 (using 2008 as the 

base year)

Achieved cost avoidance in excess of S$170 million5 from utilities 

savings since 2009 for its operational properties

Energy and water saving initiatives implemented in 2018 may lead 

to an estimated reduction of 16,000 MWh (7,800 tonnes CO2e) and 

200,000 m3 of potable water per year.

Stakeholder 

Engagement

Organise environmental outreach activities 

to encourage an environmental mindset 

among staff and stakeholders

Over 280 CapitaLand properties participated in WWF Earth 

Hour, pledging to go beyond the hour with year-long sustainable 

initiatives


26

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

ENVIRONMENTAL CAPITAL

MANAGING OUR ENVIRONMENTAL FOOTPRINT

CapitaLand’s Environmental Management System (EMS) is a key tool in managing the Group’s environmental 

footprint across its global and diverse portfolio, with more than 12,100 staff. This EMS, together with CapitaLand’s 

Occupational, Health and Safety Management System (OHSMS) are integrated as CapitaLand’s Environmental, 

Health and Safety Management System (EHSMS). CapitaLand’s EHSMS is audited by a third-party accredited 

certification body to ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 standards. ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 are internationally 

recognised standards for the environmental management of businesses and occupational health and safety 

management of businesses respectively.

CapitaLand’s EHS Committee and the SBUs’ EHS Committees are responsible for driving the EHSMS.

CapitaLand Environmental, Health and Safety Policy6

As an international corporate social citizen, CapitaLand is committed to protecting the environment and upholding 

the occupational health and safety of everyone in the workplace*, and will

• Carry out exemplary Environmental, Health and Safety practices to minimise pollution and health and safety risks

• Seek continual improvement on its Environmental, Health and Safety performance

• Comply with pertinent legislations and other requirements

• Implement the CapitaLand Sustainable Building Guidelines and Occupational Health and Safety programmes

We make this policy readily available to all staff, suppliers, service providers and partners.

*This includes implementing an EHS Management System.

Since 2012, the Group achieved ISO 14001 certification for its EMS in 15 countries7 – Singapore, Australia, Belgium, 

China, France, Germany, India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Philippines, Spain, Thailand, United Kingdom (UK) and 

Vietnam – covering all markets with investment properties managed by CapitaLand. This encompasses all business 

functions including property development, property management as well as corporate management and operations.

Risk Management of Environmental Aspects and Impact

As part of the certified EMS, new or updated legal requirements are reviewed quarterly and compliance is evaluated 

annually. In 2018, CapitaLand complied with the environmental laws and regulations in Singapore, Australia, 

Belgium, France, Germany, India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Philippines, Spain, Thailand, UK and Vietnam. 

Despite all efforts to ensure compliance, there was an incident in China where the noise level of a property’s kitchen 

exhaust outlet exceeded the stipulated standards. Investigations were conducted and necessary follow-up action 

immediately undertaken. Lessons learnt from the incident were shared across business units, and the Group’s 

commitment to environmental sustainability was reinforced.

CapitaLand’s EMS provides a systematic process to manage the Group’s environmental impact and to continuously 

improve its environmental performance. A key element is to identify and manage significant environmental aspects 

of its business operations that can potentially have a negative impact on the environment. The significance level of 

each environmental aspect and impact is assessed using a risk assessment technique based on factors comprising 

the likelihood of occurrence, severity of the impact and control measures to be implemented.

CapitaLand strives to minimise impacts such as resource depletion, carbon emissions and waste generation. This is 

done by setting environmental targets such as green building rating targets, carbon emissions, energy, water and 

paper usage reduction targets, stakeholder engagement activities, and implementing various measures to achieve 

them. The targets are linked to the remuneration for staff including top management. For more details, please refer  

to the table “2018 Key Performance Indicators” above.

6 This EHS Policy was developed for the understanding and implementation by all staff in CapitaLand.

7 This excludes countries where CapitaLand does not have any investment projects.


27

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

ENVIRONMENTAL CAPITAL

Training

To facilitate effective implementation of CapitaLand’s EHSMS, training and awareness programmes are planned  

and conducted for all staff. New staff are inducted to the EHSMS, as well as CapitaLand’s EHS policy and briefed 

on the roles they play. For the implementation of CapitaLand’s EHSMS, Heads of Departments in administration, 

operations, and project development, including heads of operating properties, design managers and project 

managers, undergo more detailed training. In 2018, more than 7,640 CapitaLand staff attended at least one  

EHS-related training amounting to more than 118,700 training hours.

To overcome the challenge of its extensive international portfolio, CapitaLand has a “Train the Trainer” method for its 

“EHS Implementor Training Programme”. This ensures that there are trainers based in countries where CapitaLand 

operates to minimise travelling by trainees. An e-learning module on “Introduction to EHS” was launched in 2016.

Global Internal and External Audits 

CapitaLand has in place an internal audit system to ensure the conformance and effective implementation of its  

EMS to ISO 14001 international standards. Internal audits are conducted at least once a year in the 15 markets 

where it has investment properties, covering at least 50% of the sites in each country. External audits are conducted 

annually by a third-party accredited certification body.

HIGH PERFORMANCE SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENTS AND ASSETS

Green building ratings and certifications help assure and demonstrate the quality of CapitaLand projects and 

portfolio. These ratings serve as an external validation that key environmental aspects have been considered in the 

Group’s project design, development and operations.

Green Building Rating

Green building rating targets are determined at the outset of CapitaLand projects8. This aids in resource 

management as green rated buildings are more resource efficient to construct and operate.

The target for Singapore projects is minimum Green Mark GoldPLUS, two levels above the legal requirement of  

Green Mark Certification, administered by the Building and Construction Authority (BCA) in Singapore. The target for 

projects outside Singapore is certification by a green rating system administered by a national government ministry/ 

agency or a World Green Building Council (WGBC) recognised Green Building Council. The green rating target for 

iconic projects outside Singapore is set at one level above certification.

Greening Existing Buildings 

In Singapore, CapitaLand is committed to achieving minimum Green Mark certification for its existing stock of 

properties by 2020, in support of the Singapore government’s Green Building Master Plan. It has also set a target 

to green all its existing properties outside Singapore by 2030 with each achieving minimum certification level by a 

green rating system administered by a national government ministry/agency or a WGBC recognised Green Building 

Council. As at end 2018, it has already achieved green certification for 70% (by m2) of its global portfolio9.

8 This is for new projects or development projects with gross floor area of at least 2,000 m2.

9 Refers to its owned and managed properties.

10 To qualify for EDGE certification, a building must achieve a 20% reduction in energy, water, and embodied energy in materials compared 

to a conventional building. EDGE works for a variety of residential and commercial buildings in nearly 100 countries, including homes and 

apartments, hotels and resorts, office buildings, health care facilities, and retail establishments. EDGE online assessment tool provides country-

specific advice and can be utilised by competent building professional.

Developing Local Capabilities for Serviced Residences Green Building Certification

Ascott Makati, Philippines – first EDGE certified building under serviced residence category

Excellence in Design for Greater Efficiencies (EDGE)10 is a green building certification system for emerging 

markets created by International Finance Corporation (IFC), a member of the World Bank Group. In 2018, 

The Ascott Limited (Ascott) signed an MOU with IFC to pioneer green certification for the serviced residence 

industry, as part of the IFC’s EDGE programme. Ascott Makati in the Philippines was the first project to receive 

certification under the newly created serviced residence category in EDGE.

Ascott Makati is a 20-floor serviced residence with 362 apartments ranging from studios to three-bedrooms. 


28

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

ENVIRONMENTAL CAPITAL

Life Cycle Management: CapitaLand Sustainable Building Guidelines

CapitaLand’s Sustainable Building Guidelines (SBG) is an in-house guide developed since 2007 to ensure environmental 

considerations are factored in at all stages of a project, from feasibility, design, procurement, construction, operation 

to redevelopment. It covers developments and refurbishments, and joint venture developments where CapitaLand has 

management control and the largest stake. The SBG is regularly reviewed to ensure continuous improvement, with a 

focus on four key objectives of minimising carbon footprint and energy consumption, water management, generation  

of waste, and promoting biodiversity in the life cycles of its developments. Originally titled Green Buildings Guidelines, 

it was renamed in 2014 to reinforce the company’s holistic approach towards sustainability.

Mitigating Climate Change Risks And Identifying Opportunities Through Design

Climate change brings about different effects in different geographies such as rising sea levels, violent storms,  

long intense heat waves, flash floods and fresh water depletion. As countries rally for action to mitigate climate 

change, more stringent regulations may be expected and companies will face increased expectations from 

stakeholders. By adopting the SBG, CapitaLand aims to future-proof its developments by addressing the risks  

of climate change right from the design stage. The localised context of each project is to be studied in detail,  

and appropriate measures taken in consideration of climate change. SBG also sets guidelines for buildings to 

be less energy reliant, e.g. setting green rating targets above legal requirements, and also encourage the use of 

renewable energy whenever possible. CapitaLand developments that are future-proofed against changing climatic 

conditions and of higher operating efficiency would likely be more valued by stakeholders.

Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA)

A key component of the SBG is the mandatory Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA). An EIA is carried out during 

the feasibility stage of any development project. The significant findings of the EIA and their cost implications, if any, 

are incorporated in the investment paper submitted to the Board of Directors for approval.

The EIA focuses on identifying any environmental threats or opportunities related to the project site and its 

surroundings, covering areas such as floods, biodiversity, air quality, noise, connectivity, heritage and resources.

Biodiversity

CapitaLand is committed to preserving the biodiversity of its sites as well as the wider area wherever possible.  

This is done by addressing any distinctive ecological features of the site, taking into consideration nature reserves 

on or near the site, protecting plant and animal species on the site and removing invasive plant species on or near 

the site. External experts will be engaged to provide advice where appropriate.

With its focus on gateway cities in Asia, most CapitaLand projects and properties are located in urban and built-up  

areas. There are no sites located within protected areas and no material biodiversity risk identified. Instead, 

CapitaLand encourages greenery within its projects as it enhances the wellness of its end-users and the vitality 

of the surrounding communities over the long term. SBG encourages the use of certified wood and other more 

sustainable wood materials and products, such as composite wood, engineered wood and bamboo. In China,  

a number of CapitaLand residential projects feature composite wood or engineered wood for their interior finishings.

Some possible concerns to biodiversity include the flow out of waste or toxic materials from construction sites and 

properties. With CapitaLand’s EMS, this flow out (e.g. waste water), if any, is monitored and minimised.

The serviced residence was retrofitted to improve its operational efficiency. Energy conservation measures 

include the installation of an energy efficient central air-conditioning system, heat pumps for hot water,  

and energy-efficient lightings including LED lighting. Other features like low-flow showerheads and faucets,  

dual flush water closets, and water-efficient dishwashers also help to conserve water. 

These measures are estimated to reduce energy and water consumption by 26% (1,290 MWh/year) and 34% 

(12,500 m3/year) respectively, as compared to the base case in the EDGE assessment tool. The annual utility 

savings is estimated to be 12.6 million PhP (S$320,000). Incremental cost of these environmental features is 

estimated to be about 30.9 million PhP (S$800,000) and the payback period is about 2.4 years.

Ascott aims to obtain green building certification for all its owned properties and explore EDGE certification 

opportunities in countries like China, India, Vietnam, and Indonesia. Lessons learnt will be applied to serviced 

residence projects in other countries. Ascott will also share the business case and recommend green 

certification for its third-party owned properties managed by Ascott.


29

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

9 This is for new projects or development projects with gross floor area of at least 2,000 m2.

ENVIRONMENTAL CAPITAL

Life Cycle Management

OBJECTIVES

Minimise Carbon Footprint and Energy  

Consumption

• Understand and minimise the amount of 

embodied carbon

• Use energy-efficient equipment

• Reduce direct and indirect carbon 

emissions (through consumption of fuelled 

energy) from construction and operation 

activities

• Use renewable energy

Minimise Resource Depletion

• Reuse grey water and harvest rainwater

• Use water-efficient fittings

Enhance Biodiversity

• Create, enhance and conserve habitat for  

flora and fauna, particularly protected 

species, both on-site and in the wider area

• Consult experts, local authorities and 

communities

• Eliminate or minimise environmental impact  

to site through control measures

• Use more sustainable materials like certified  

wood and bamboo

Minimise Generation of Waste

• Adopt Building Information Modelling (BIM)

• Implement reduce, reuse and recycle waste  

hierarchy for building components and 

materials

FEASIBILITY

• Conduct environmental  

impact assessment

• Identify opportunities  

for innovation

• Set targets

DESIGN

• Embed environmental targets

• Meet green building rating target

• Use more sustainable material

• Adopt BIM

REDEVELOPMENT

• Carry out feasibility 

study

PROCUREMENT

• Appoint ISO 14001  

certified main 

contractors

• Procure more 

sustainable material

OPERATIONS 

• Evaluate green features

• Track performance

• Ensure sustainable operations

CONSTRUCTION

• Monitor environmental 

indicators

TRAINING OF STAFF

STAKEHOLDER AND COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT

INNOVATION

R

E

D

E

V

E

L

O

P

M

E

N

T

  

  

  

  

  

F

E

A

S

I

B

I

L

IT

Y

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

D

E

S

I

G

N

  

  

 

  

  

  

  

 

  

  

 

P

R

O

C

U

R

E

M

E

N

T

O

P

E

R

A

T

I

O

N

S

  

  

  

  

  

  

 

C

O

N

S

T

R

U

C

T

I

O

N


30

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

ENVIRONMENTAL CAPITAL

RAFFLES CITY CHANGNING, SHANGHAI, CHINA

Gold and Silver Level Certification

LEED-CS (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design Core &amp; Shell)

US Green Building Council

 

Raffles City Changning is an integrated development that comprises a shopping mall, three Grade A office towers 

and five blocks of heritage buildings that were part of the historic St Mary’s Hall, a school for local girls. The heritage 

buildings were conserved and revitalised, offering an attractive lifestyle destination with heritage charm. 

 

Sustainable Building Material and Construction Waste Management

Regionally sourced materials accounted for about 92% of total material cost. This included materials and products 

such as concrete, glass, window frames and reinforcements. Materials with recycled content constituted more than 

54% of total materials cost used during construction. Low-emitting volatile organic compound materials (such as 

paint, adhesives and sealants) have been used to improve the indoor environmental quality.

 

During the construction period, the contractors diverted more than 82% of construction waste from landfill disposal 

or incineration, for reuse on-site or for recycling. 

 

Connectivity and Green Transport

Raffles City Changning is centrally located at the Zhongshan Park commercial area in Shanghai and is directly 

connected to Zhongshan Subway Station via three subway lines (Line 2, 3 and 4). More than 1,700 secure bicycle 

lots, as well as changing and shower facilities, are provided to encourage green transportation. It sets aside 65  

(more than 5%) preferred parking spaces for low-emissions and fuel-efficient vehicles, located near carpark elevators. 

 

Energy Efficiency

Wind and sunlight simulation and analysis were conducted to maximise natural ventilation and daylight, to minimise 

heat loss in the development, as well as to improve thermal comfort. It installed an intelligent lighting system 

augmented by light and occupancy sensors. High efficiency mechanical equipment have been installed, such 

as energy efficient air-conditioning system with variable speed drives for pumps and heat recovery. Other energy 

saving features include carbon monoxide (CO) sensors at underground carpark for demand controlled ventilation, 

daylight control and occupancy sensors.

 

Total operational energy usage reduction is estimated to exceed 10%11, or 5,850 MWh/year. This will help mitigate 

more than 3,600 tonnes of carbon emissions per year.

 

Water Conservation 

The selection of native and climate-tolerant plants for its landscaping is estimated to reduce irrigation water 

requirements by 50%. Through the use of water-efficient fixtures, condensate water recycling and rainwater 

harvesting for landscape irrigation and toilet flushing, it is estimated that potable water consumption will be 

reduced by more than 40%12 (about 33,000 m3/year). 

Overall, the estimated annual utility savings is RMB 5.6 million (S$1.2 million).

 

Heritage Conservation 

The heritage buildings including the former science laboratory, chapel, dormitories and dining hall of St Mary’s 

have been restored and revitalised as an ideal venue for runway fashion shows, exclusive product launches, 

private parties, as well as restaurants. 

 

Greenery and Stakeholder Engagement 

40% of the plot area was set aside for landscaping and greenery. This includes the conservation of a 100-year-old 

ginkgo tree and restoration of St Mary Park, providing a rest area for shoppers and the surrounding community. 

Sunlight analysis was conducted to inform the selection of suitable plants for each part of the development.  

Tenant fit-out guides were also made available to tenants to encourage environmentally sustainable practices.

11 This is compared with the minimum energy efficiency standard, or base requirements for buildings designed to reduce energy consumption,  

set by the American Society of Heating, Refrigerating, and Air-Conditioning Engineers (ASHRAE).

12 This is compared with the fixture performance requirements set in the US Energy Policy Act-1992.


31

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

ENVIRONMENTAL CAPITAL

TRACKING OUR ENVIRONMENTAL RESULTS

13 This will be based on the Science Base Target Initiative (SBTi). SBTi is a collaboration between CDP, World Resources Institute, World Wide Fund 

for Nature (WWF) and the United Nations Global Compact. The initiative recognises organisations aligned with the COP21 Paris Agreement to 

keep the rise in global temperature to below 2°C.

14 “Buildings for Our Future”, GBPN in partnership with KPMG, 2013.

15 This is computed mostly from purchased electricity consumption under Scope 2, and some direct energy consumption under Scope 1 as defined 

by the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol (operational control approach) and using individual country CO2 emission factors retrieved from the 

International Energy Agency (IEA) Statistics – CO2 emission factors from fuel combustion 2018 edition. Scope 3 emissions are computed from 

staff business travel by air.

16 The Group’s portfolio of operational properties increased from 142 in 2008 to 167 in 2009, 182 in 2010, 195 in 2011, 210 in 2012, 199 in 2013, 

204 in 2014, 228 in 2015, 244 in 2016, 263 in 2017 and 257 in 2018. Despite a drop in the number of properties, its portfolio size by floor area 

increased in 2018 when compared to 2017.

17 This computation includes emissions from CapitaLand staff air travel (scope 3 emissions).

CapitaLand Environmental Tracking System

CapitaLand developed an in-house online Environmental Tracking System (ETS) to better track energy and water 

usage, waste generation and carbon emissions of its managed and owned operational properties. These include 

CapitaLand’s office buildings, shopping malls, serviced residences and integrated developments worldwide.

The management team of each property submits monthly data and uploads supporting documentation online. 

The consolidated data is analysed at the SBU and Group levels against reduction targets. This facilitates a better 

understanding of consumption patterns and identification of areas for eco-efficiency improvements. Since 2012, 

ETS includes the tracking of energy and water usage of CapitaLand development sites as well as energy and 

paper consumption of CapitaLand’s corporate offices in Singapore and overseas.

Regular desktop audits are conducted to minimise data entry inaccuracies.

CapitaLand will migrate its ETS to a new cloud-based platform by end 2019 to further improve data analytics on 

consumption patterns, facilitate benchmarking and identify opportunities for further operational efficiency improvements.

CapitaLand Eco-efficiency Commitments

CapitaLand established long-term and annual targets for the reduction of carbon emissions, energy and water 

usage per m2 in its properties worldwide. It is still reviewing its carbon emissions intensity to set a science-based 

carbon reduction target13.

Long-term targets (using 2008 as base year):

• Reduce carbon emissions intensity by 23% by 2020, and 30% by 2030

• Reduce energy intensity by 20% by 2020, and 25% by 2030

• Reduce water intensity by 20% by 2020, and 30% by 2030

Carbon Emissions

CapitaLand is committed to address climate change risks through 

the reduction of its energy consumption and carbon emissions in its 

business operations. Typically, the building sector accounts for around 

30% to 40% of global energy use and more than 30% of global CO2 

emissions14. Improving energy efficiency represents the largest and 

most cost-effective way to mitigate those emissions. CapitaLand is also 

working towards setting an internal carbon price for its global portfolio.

CapitaLand’s total carbon emissions15 (Scope 1, 2 and 3) in 2018 was 

635,048 tonnes CO2. Operational properties16 account for the largest 

proportion of CapitaLand’s Scope 1 and 2 emissions and remain 

the focus of CapitaLand’s energy efficiency initiatives. CapitaLand’s 

corporate offices account for about 0.5% of total carbon emissions17.

Total Carbon Emissions  

Scope 1, 2 and 3 

(%)

Scope 3

0.2%

Scope 1

4.5%

Scope 2

95.3%


32

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

2009

2008

2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018

14

12

10

8

6

4

2

0

20 

18 

16 

14 

12 

10 

8 

6

Singapore

China (Including Hong Kong)

Other Asia (excluding Singapore &amp; China)

Europe &amp; Others

CapitaLand Group Average 

Integrated Developments 

Shopping Malls 

Commercial 

Serviced Residences

29.8% reduction since 2008

0.22

0.18

0.14

0.10

0.06

0.02

2009

2008

2010

338,932

318,932

2011

410,908

2012

445,106

2013

465,616

2014

474,587

2015

489,418

2016

522,529

2017

557,633

2018

656,158

635,048

700,000

600,000

500,000

400,000

300,000

200,000

100,000

0

2018

2018

10.9

11.3

12.0

10.0

8.0

6.0

4.0

2.0

0.0

2017

2017

2016

2016

2015

2015

2014

2014

2013

2013

2012

2012

2011

2011

2010

2010

2009

2009

2008

2008

2009

2009

2008

2008

2010

2010

571,918

2011

2011

572

2012

2012

681

2013

2013

724

2014

2014

816

2015

2015

847

2016

2016

894

2017

2017

951

2018

2018

1,062

1,230

1,282

1,400

1,200

1,000

800

600

400

200

0

10.5

9.6

8.8

8.2

8.1

7.5

6.9

6.0

5.8

541

ENVIRONMENTAL CAPITAL

Carbon Intensity

(kgCO2e/m2/month)

Water Intensity

(m3/m2/month)

Total Carbon Emissions 

(tonnes CO2e)

Water Usage 

(million m3)

Energy Usage 

(GWh)

Energy Intensity 

(kWh/m2/month)

20.9% reduction since 2008

17.6% reduction since 2008


33

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

ENVIRONMENTAL CAPITAL

Operational Properties Carbon Emissions Intensity (kgCO2e/m2)

CapitaLand reduced its carbon emissions intensity18 to 5.03 kg CO2e/m2/month, a 29.8% reduction compared 

to 2008 baseline intensity levels. Compared to baseline intensity levels, an estimated 165,000 tonnes of carbon 

emissions was avoided in 2018.

Embodied Carbon – Development Projects

The carbon emissions from direct and indirect energy consumption at 23 construction projects was approximately 

18,290 tonnes in 2018. 

CapitaLand has been reporting on its embodied carbon emissions since 2013. It aims to minimise its carbon 

footprint not only through reducing carbon emissions arising from the consumption of fuelled energy from its 

construction and operation activities but also from the embodied carbon in the production and distribution of 

building materials. For eight projects in Singapore and China that were completed in 2018, embodied carbon 

emissions arising from materials usage at these projects was about 804,000 tonnes19 or 790 kg/m2. The data  

collated is based on the entire construction period.

Energy

In 2018, the Group’s operational properties’ and corporate offices’ total energy consumption was 1,282,354 MWh  

(4.62 million GJ). Indirect energy consumption accounted for about 88% (4.06 million GJ) and total fuel 

consumption accounted for about 12% (0.55 million GJ20) of total energy consumption.

CapitaLand’s corporate offices in 13 countries accounted for 0.3% of the Group’s total energy consumption in 2018. 

The offices consumed 2,967 MWh of electricity, a 30% improvement in the electricity consumption per m2 compared 

to 2009. 

23 CapitaLand projects under construction in Singapore, China, Indonesia and Vietnam consumed about  

35,060 MWh of energy.

Operating Properties’ Energy Intensity (kWh/m2)

CapitaLand reduced its energy intensity21 measured in kWh per m2 by 17.6% from base year 2008. Using a 

‘Business as Usual’ (BAU22) methodology, it is estimated that more than 710,000 MWh of energy consumption was 

avoided, resulting in an estimated cost avoidance of S$160 million since 2009.

The reduction in energy intensity or energy usage per m2 is computed at the property and SBU level. The reduction 

targets are KPIs for the property managers and the SBU CEOs.

The Group continues to implement various energy conservation measures, some of which are listed below. It also 

focuses on innovation to reduce energy consumption.

18 Computation of carbon emissions intensity excludes new properties which have been in operation for less than 12 months, properties undergoing 

asset enhancement initiatives and corporate offices. The number of properties are 127, 145, 152, 174, 189, 175, 191, 174, 178, 192 and 175 for 

the period from 2008 to 2018 respectively.

19 The materials are concrete, cement, sand and aggregate, steel, bricks, aluminum, glass, paint, ceramic tiles and granite. Densities and 

coefficients used for computation of the embodied carbon emissions of these materials are obtained from the Inventory of Carbon &amp; Energy (ICE) 

Version 2.0.

20 Direct energy consumption from gas, diesel and other fuels (gasoline) are approximately 527,903 GJ, 14,064 GJ and 11,876 GJ respectively.

21 Computation of energy intensity excludes new properties which have been in operation for less than 12 months, properties undergoing asset 

enhancement initiatives (AEI) and corporate offices. The number of properties are 127, 145, 152, 174, 189, 175, 191, 174, 178, 192 and 175 for 

the period from 2008 to 2018 respectively.

22 The assumption is that energy consumption in subsequent years will continue at 2008 levels (base year) unless energy improvement measures 

are adopted.


34

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

ENVIRONMENTAL CAPITAL

Renewable Energy

While energy efficiency is the most cost-effective and material way for CapitaLand to reduce carbon emissions,  

the use of renewable sources to avoid emissions is also encouraged. However, this remains challenging due to 

limited rooftop space where renewable sources of energy such as solar energy could be optimally installed.  

In 2018, 0.5% (about 6,900 MWh) of the Group’s total energy use was from renewable energy sources, which helps 

to mitigate about 3,670 tonnes of carbon emissions. Five properties in Singapore and China had on-site renewable 

energy systems, and 29 properties in Belgium, France and India, and one corporate office in Singapore purchased 

partial or full green power (component of electricity generated from renewable sources).

Water

A strategic approach to water management and quality enhances the efficiency, resilience and long-term value of 

the Group’s portfolio. CapitaLand is committed to reducing water consumption, reusing water and preventing water 

pollution, especially in countries where the availability of clean water and sanitation are of concern. A regular survey 

was conducted to better understand water source and discharge for each property. Almost all of CapitaLand’s 

operational properties’ water consumption is derived from municipal supplies23. It is testbedding a global water 

risk mapping tool developed by World Resources Institute, to understand water risks and opportunities of its global 

portfolio and impact of climate change on water resources.

In 2018, the Group’s operating properties’ total water consumption was about 11.3 million m3. The increase in water 

consumption is largely attributed to the expansion of the Group’s property portfolio. This includes the use of 0.9 

million m3 of recycled water24 and collected rainwater, accounting for 8% of its total consumption.

CapitaLand recognises the importance of effectively managing water consumption and the quality of water  

run-off leaving its project sites. It requires its main contractors appointed to be ISO 14001 certified and monitors  

the waste water discharge into watercourse or sewer. 23 CapitaLand projects under construction in Singapore, 

China and Vietnam consumed about 536,330 m3 of water. At its Singapore development sites, waste water is 

generally recycled and reused for vehicular washing.

23 Three properties extract groundwater for use with the appropriate treatment system in place. Meters are installed to monitor water usage.  

This usage accounts for about 0.6% of CapitaLand’s total water usage.

24 Mostly NEWater, treated waste water produced by PUB, the national water agency of Singapore, which has been further purified using advanced 

membrane technologies and ultraviolet disinfection.

25 Computation of water intensity excludes new properties which have been in operation for less than 12 months, properties undergoing asset 

enhancement initiatives and corporate offices. The numbers of properties are 123, 141, 148, 169, 186, 172, 188,171, 175, 189 and 172 for the 

period from 2008 to 2018 respectively.

Focus

Initiatives

Consumption 

Reduction

• Natural ventilation to reduce air-conditioning demands

• Sun shading, cool paints to reduce heat gain

• Use of daylight, sun pipes/light shelves to reduce the need for artificial lighting

Energy Efficiency

• Upgrade to more efficient air-conditioning equipment

• Use more efficient lighting such as T5 with electronic ballast, LED (light-emitting diode)

• Conduct energy audits at properties to improve energy efficiency

Control, Metering

and Monitoring

• Testbed a centralised Intelligent Building Platform (IBP) with analytical capabilities

• Dimmers/ occupancy sensors/ daylight sensors, sub-metering systems to provide detailed 

energy, Building Management Systems

Renewable Energy

• Encourage use of renewable energy and purchase of green power

Operating Properties’ Water Intensity (m3/m2)

CapitaLand reduced its water intensity25 measured in m3/m2 by 20.9% from baseline year 2008. The reduction in 

water usage per m2 is computed at the property and SBU level. This forms a critical part of the KPI for the property 

managers and the SBUs.

CapitaLand continues to implement the following initiatives to ensure efficient operations and minimise water wastage.


35

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

Waste Management

Waste Recycled

CapitaLand aims to manage waste at its properties responsibly. As waste generated at its operational properties 

is mostly from its tenants, residents and the general public, CapitaLand engages its stakeholders through various 

means to reduce and recycle waste. Recycling bins are made available at its properties for its tenants, shoppers 

and serviced residence guests.

CapitaLand implements waste management strategies as part of its EMS. However, data in certain countries  

and properties is not readily available or cannot be consolidated due to local supply chain challenges. In 2018,  

more than 6,000 tonnes of recyclable waste26 was collected from 95 properties in 15 countries.

The Global E-Waste Monitor 201727 highlighted increasing levels of e-waste and that improper and unsafe 

treatment and disposal could pose considerable environmental and health risks. The amount of e-waste is 

expected to increase a further 17% to 52.2 million tonnes by 2021, especially with the proliferation of electrical 

devices and newer models being launched regularly.

In 2016, CapitaLand had already launched an e-waste recycling initiative at seven of its office buildings and  

10 of its malls in Singapore to make e-waste recycling more accessible to its tenants and shoppers, and ensure 

proper disposal and recycling through the appointment of certified e-waste vendors28.

In 2018, the total amount of e-waste collected at these 17 properties was 30,540 kg.

Its serviced residences in Australia and Europe also offer similar e-waste recycling programmes where the 

collected e-waste is sent to appointed vendors or local collection points for proper processing.

26 Whilst recycling facilities are made available at CapitaLand properties, not all public waste collectors are able to furnish the recycled waste collected 

in weight as requested for reporting purposes. In 2018, about 78,600 tonnes of non-recyclable waste was generated at 140 properties in Singapore, 

China, rest of Asia and Europe. These included integrated developments, shopping malls, serviced residences, and office buildings.

27 This report by International Telecommunication Union (ITU), the UN University (UNU) and the International Solid Waste Association (ISWA) 

provides a comprehensive overview of global e-waste statistics.

28 The shopping malls partner StarHub in its REcycling Nation’s Electronic Waste (RENEW) programme.

ENVIRONMENTAL CAPITAL

Focus

Initiatives

Consumption 

Reduction

• Flow regulators; self-closing delayed action faucets/motion-activated faucets; dual flush/

low flush toilets

• Choice of local plant species and drought resistance plants; irrigate plants in the morning 

or late afternoon to minimise evaporation loss

Control, Metering 

and Monitoring

• Water audit; sub-metering to track consumption and early leak detection

Recycling

• Rainwater harvesting; condensate recovery; grey water recycling

Paper Conservation in CapitaLand Corporate Offices

CapitaLand reduced its paper usage by 60% per staff compared to 2009. These savings are attributed to the 

conscious effort by every staff to reduce paper usage. 

Paper accounts for the most of the waste generated from CapitaLand corporate offices. To reduce paper usage, 

CapitaLand has established a systematic paper management and recycling programme. Work processes have  

been made online to avoid paper consumption. Corporate offices in Singapore implemented “Follow-me” printing to 

better track paper usage and minimise wastage. Recycling bins (including secured bins) are conveniently located  

at corporate offices to encourage staff to recycle used paper.


36

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

CapitaLand actively promotes the use of environmentally-friendly paper. Since 2011, letterheads and name cards 

have been printed on recycled paper in Singapore. Print collaterals such as the Annual Reports of the CapitaLand 

Limited and the Group’s listed real estate investment trusts (REIT), calendars and Chinese red packets are printed 

on Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) paper. There is no printing of the CapitaLand Global Sustainability Report 

which is available on CapitaLand’s website. 

Resource Management at Development Projects

CapitaLand requires its main contractors to implement proper waste management procedures to minimise 

construction waste, and to properly manage and dispose the waste generated. An estimated 505 tonnes of 

construction waste was recorded for its development projects in Singapore and Indonesia in 2018. For its China 

development projects targeting LEED certification, the projects have set a target of at least 75% of construction 

waste to be diverted from landfill. 

CapitaLand continues to leverage Building Information Modelling (BIM) technology to improve the design and 

construction process through a more integrated project coordination. BIM can perform clash detection before 

construction and identify situations where mechanical and electrical pipes will clash with structural members.  

This detection saves time, cost of remedial work and minimises material wastage. BIM is implemented in six projects 

under development in Singapore and China.

ENVIRONMENTAL CAPITAL

Green Demolition and Construction Innovations at CapitaSpring, Singapore

The former Golden Shoe Car Park is being redeveloped as CapitaSpring, an integrated development with 

Grade A office space, a serviced residence and ancillary retail space. A systematic process was undertaken to 

facilitate and maximise resource recovery of demolition materials for beneficial reuse and recycling prior to and 

during demolition. More than 70% of the total waste disposed during demolition were recycled.

In line with CapitaLand’s commitment to adopt the latest building technologies for improved productivity,  

new systems and programmes were introduced to the construction process of CapitaSpring. CapitaSpring will  

adopt the use of prefabricated modular mechanical and electrical (M&amp;E) services, including vertical risers and 

horizontal services. The M&amp;E service modules will be fabricated at an off-site factory and transported on site for 

assembly, thereby achieving significant site productivity improvement through better coordination, workmanship  

and safety. Other programmes such as digital construction technology and integrated digital delivery, from BIM 

to virtual design and construction and 3D printing, have been employed for improved collaboration. Drones have 

been used to monitor construction progress and virtual reality simulations will allow for more efficient design 

review, reducing the need for physical mockups and material wastage.

Green Transport

The transport sector accounts for 23% of global energy related greenhouse gas emissions and is the main 

cause of air pollution in cities. Decarbonising transport is therefore instrumental for countries to achieve their 

commitments set out in the Paris Agreement.

As of end 2018, CapitaLand almost doubled its electric vehicle (EV) charging stations to over 160 in  

25 CapitaLand managed properties in Singapore, China, Belgium and Japan. The total electricity charged  

at these stations exceeded 280 MWh (estimated travel distance of more than 1,300,000 km29) in 2018.

Over 90% of CapitaLand properties30 worldwide are conveniently located in close proximity to public transport 

hubs such as bus stops and train/subway stations. This allows easy access to our properties, without the use  

of privately-owned vehicles. Free shuttle bus services to these public transport hubs are also made available  

at some of its shopping malls. More than 11,200 bicycle parking facilities are available at more than 80 of  

its properties.

29 This is computed using “2018 Tesla Model S” efficiency of 4.87 km/kWh (FuelEconomy.gov).

30 CapitaLand owned and managed properties only.


37

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

COMMITMENT TO A SAFE AND HEALTHY WORKPLACE

Occupational health and safety (OHS) of CapitaLand’s staff, tenants, contractors, suppliers and the communities who use 

its properties, is of utmost importance to CapitaLand. Effective OHS management is part of risk management and deemed 

to enhance staff productivity and morale.

CapitaLand’s OHS framework includes identifying material issues, setting policies, ensuring accountability within the 

company, developing action plans and engaging stakeholders.

FRAMEWORK

Material Issues  

and Business 

Case

Safety of its properties for 

stakeholders including staff, 

residents, shoppers, tenants  

and the public

Effective OHS management is part of risk management and deemed to enhance staff productivity  

and morale.

Policy

• Reduce occupational injury rates to achieve zero harm

• Provide a robust OHS Management System

• Meet and exceed OHS legal requirements

• Promote a culture of individual ownership and responsibility for OHS management

• Seek proactive support and participation from CapitaLand’s stakeholders including top management, 

staff, contractors, suppliers and tenants

• Drive continuous improvement in OHS performance

Accountability

• CEOs are accountable

• OHSAS 18001 certified OHS Management System ensures accountability to relevant managers  

and all staff

• Key performance indicators (KPIs) linked to remuneration of all staff

Method/

Action Plan

OHS Management System

• Legal compliance

• Identification of hazards and risk assessment

• Sustainable Building Guidelines – Design for Safety (DfS)

• Safe operations – OHS Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs)

• Training and awareness

KPIs

• OHS performance of staff

• Stakeholder engagement

• Appoint OHSAS 18001 certified 

main contracts or carry out OHS 

legal compliance audit on-site

• Give preference to OHSAS 

18001 certified vendors/

suppliers; in Singapore, 

non-OHSAS 18001 certified 

vendors/ suppliers encouraged 

to achieve bizSAFE Level 3  

and above.

Stakeholder

Engagement

• Be part of national policy making

• Educate end-users, including tenants, shoppers, residents and the wider community

Workplace 

health and 

safety of staff

Supply chain

management

HUMAN CAPITAL


38

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

HUMAN CAPITAL

TOP MANAGEMENT COMMITMENT AND STAFF INVOLVEMENT 

CapitaLand champions OHS with commitment from the top management and staff participation through an 

integrated Environmental Health and Safety Management System (EHSMS) and stakeholder engagement activities. 

CEOs are accountable for the OHS performance of their strategic business units (SBUs). Please refer to the 

management structure and EHSMS in the Environmental Capital chapter of this report. All staff assume personal 

responsibility towards OHS and are encouraged to be forthcoming in reporting all OHS related incidents, including 

non-compliances and non-conformities to the relevant business unit management representatives. This list is 

updated in the CapitaLand intranet. 

Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) Tied to Remuneration 

CapitaLand incorporates OHS KPIs which are linked to remuneration of all staff, including top management. 

ROBUST OHS MANAGEMENT SYSTEM 

CapitaLand’s approach to health and safety is guided by its OHS Management System. Established in Singapore 

since 2009, it has extended to Australia, Belgium, China, France, Germany, India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, 

Philippines, Spain, Thailand, Vietnam and the United Kingdom (UK). CapitaLand’s EHS policy outlines the 

company’s commitment to manage OHS issues. Please refer to the EHS policy outlined in the Environmental Capital 

chapter of this report.

Certified to International Standards 

The OHS Management System has been externally audited by a third-party accredited certification body to OHSAS 

18001 standards, a recognised international standard for OHS Management Systems since 2009. Since 2012, 

the Group achieved the OHSAS 18001 certification for its OHS Management System in 15 countries – covering all 

markets with investment properties managed by CapitaLand1. This coverage encompasses all business functions: 

property management, property development, corporate management and operations. 

Global Internal And External Audits 

CapitaLand has put in place an internal audit system to ensure that the conformance and effective implementation 

of its OHS Management System which is aligned with the OHSAS 18001 standards. Internal audits are conducted in 

the 15 countries where CapitaLand has investment properties at least once a year, covering at least 50% of the sites 

in each country. In addition, external audits are conducted annually by an accredited third-party certification body. 

An annual audit of the OHS Management System provides assurance to top management and external investors of 

CapitaLand’s management system, legal compliance requirements and commitment to best practices. 

In 2018, ISO introduced a new international standard, ISO45001 for occupational health and safety, which will 

replace OHSAS 18001 by March 2021. CapitaLand has commenced migration of its OHSAS 18001 certified 

management system to the ISO 45001 standard.

1 CapitaLand staff located in these 15 countries account for 99.7% of total staff strength.


39

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

HUMAN CAPITAL

Compliance 

Legal requirements are reviewed on a quarterly basis, and compliance to these requirements are evaluated 

annually. Despite all efforts to ensure compliance, its operations in China incurred four non-compliant incidents 

relating to fire safety. Thorough investigations were conducted and all necessary follow-up actions were immediately 

undertaken. Lessons learnt from the incident were shared across business units, and the Group’s commitment to 

strengthen its safety standards was reinforced.

Risk Management of OHS Hazards 

Identifying OHS hazards and assessing their risks are key components in CapitaLand’s OHS Management 

System. CapitaLand strives to eliminate or minimise such hazards and risks though various measures. Hazards 

Identification and Risk Assessments (HIRA) are reviewed annually or when appropriate, for example, following a 

change in processes. OHS hazards are identified for the administration, development and operational functions of 

CapitaLand’s businesses and their risks are assessed. Examples of hazards include poor ergonomics, falling from 

height, falling objects and working in an enclosed space. The SBUs have put in place various standard operating 

procedures (SOPs) to minimise the occurrence of such hazards. 

Training and Awareness 

To facilitate the effective implementation of its OHS Management System, training and awareness programmes 

are planned for all staff. Please refer to the Environmental Capital chapter of this report for more details on EHS 

training programmes. In addition, staff are briefed on how to respond to OHS incidents at the workplace. As part 

of CapitaLand’s staff well-being initiatives, it organises lunchtime talks relating to health and related issues like 

parenting to help CapitaLand’s staff to manage stress. It also organises financial resilience talks such as financial 

planning where over 180 staff were in attendance. Some of the abridged material are made available on the 

CapitaLand intranet for staff to access in their own time. 

Measures to Mitigate Risks of Serious Diseases 

CapitaLand responds to the threat of serious diseases in a timely manner by putting in place appropriate measures 

to mitigate risks. When necessary, the human resource department disseminates medical and travel advisories to all 

staff. Information on pandemic planning is also made readily available for all staff on the intranet.

Since 2016, CapitaLand’s wholly owned lodging business unit, The Ascott Limited implemented third-party 

lift audits for its managed properties to ensure the safety and performance of its lifts. In 2018, third-party lift 

audits were conducted for more than 90% of the properties, and the scope included inspections of equipment 

condition and standard of maintenance, recommendation of rectification works, and identification of potential 

safety hazards associated with the equipment, equipment room, lift car/ wells and pits.


40

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

HUMAN CAPITAL

2 Victoria Park Villas, Singapore obtained the RoSPA Gold Award for workplace safety performance. RoSPA Award recognises organisations with 

strong and ongoing commitment to raising health and safety standards.

3 This is based on work-related incidents that resulted in more than three days of medical leave or more than 24 hours of hospitalisation.

4 In 2018, injury rate was 1.2 and 2.4 per million hours worked for male and female staff respectively.

5 A fatal injury is equivalent to a loss of 6,000 man-days, as defined by the U.S. National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health. This is also 

adopted by the Singapore Ministry of Manpower. This resulted in the spike in lost date rate in 2017.

6 Absentee rate is based on medical leave taken by staff, regardless of whether it is a work-related illness or not. In 2018, absentee rate was 3.1 

and 4.8 days per staff for male and female staff respectively.

CapitaLand’s performance monitoring includes all staff (both full-time and part-time) involved in the daily operations 

and project management of its development sites. 

In 2018, there were 47 work-related injuries3. Most of the staff were from the operations teams. Thorough investigations 

were conducted, and all necessary follow-up action have been undertaken. As part of its occupational health and 

safety management system, CapitaLand will continue to monitor the performance, reinforce safety standards and 

fine-tune its SOPs for improvement.

MEASURING OUR SAFETY PERFORMANCE

2018 Occupational Health and Safety Targets and Performance

Targets

Performance

OHSAS 18001 certification for its OHS Management 

System in all markets with investment properties

• Maintained OHSAS 18001 certification in 15 countries, 

covering all markets with investment properties 

managed by CapitaLand

Zero incident resulting in staff permanent disability or 

fatality

• Zero staff work-related fatality

• Zero staff work-related permanent disability

All main contractors appointed to be OHSAS 18001 

certified (or to comply fully with local OHS laws and 

regulations, annually audited by an independent 

accredited assessor)

• Two main contractors appointed in 2018 for new 

development projects. 

• 1 RoSPA (The Royal Society for the Prevention of 

Accidents, UK) Gold award2

2018

2017*

2016

CapitaLand Staff 

Singapore

China

Rest of 

the world

Group 

Overall

Group 

Overall

Group 

Overall

Number of work-related injuries

2

13

32

47

57

51

Work-related fatalities/permanent 

disabilities

0

0

0

0

1

0

Injury rate4 (number of work-related 

injuries per million hours worked)

0.5

1.1

3.4

1.8

2.1

1.9

Lost day rate (number of lost man-

days per million hours worked)

39.3

33.5

61.6

44.7

315.45 

44.0

Absentee rate6 (days per staff  

per year)

6.4

2.6

4.8

4.0

4.0

3.5

*GRI 102-48


41

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

HUMAN CAPITAL

Staff Wellness

CapitaLand aims to provide a work environment that is safe and contributes to the general well-being of its  

staff. In Singapore, CapitaLand implemented a Total Well-Being Programme to promote staff health and  

well-being. It included an annual free on-site health screening (optional screening packages were included  

to provide more comprehensive coverage). Staff health screening results were benchmarked against national 

statistics and trended. High total cholesterol indicator worsened compared to the year before but remains better 

than the national average, whilst weight management remains an area of concern. Regular exercise sessions,  

e.g. yoga classes, continue to be organised to promote an active lifestyle. Tips on healthy living and exercise  

were also updated on the CapitaLand intranet.

OHS STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT*

CapitaLand understands the important role that end-users of its buildings and its supply chain play. It actively 

involves its staff, tenants, contractors, suppliers as well as the wider community to promote total well-being,  

health and safety.

National Policy Making

CapitaLand participates actively in national efforts towards workplace health and safety. In Singapore, this includes 

being a member of the Workplace Safety and Health (WSH) Council (Construction and Landscape) Committee and 

Tripartite Oversight Committee on Workplace Safety and Health.

Tenants and Community

As part of CapitaLand’s OHS Management System, emergency response procedures are in place to address 

potential OHS risks. Periodic briefings and annual evacuation drills are conducted to ensure that tenants are familiar 

with the response plan.

In China, CapitaLand collaborated with more than 90 local fire departments, government agencies and associations 

to organise fire drills at 38 malls to raise safety awareness among more than 17,730 participants including tenants 

and shoppers. This included a live fire extinguishing session, involvement of local fire departments, simulation of fire 

and evacuation. This was well-received by the local authorities.

CapitaLand also conducted service quality survey at 37 China malls with 94% participation rate. Through these 

surveys, CapitaLand garnered feedback on matters in the areas of cleanliness, security, lift and escalator safety,  

car parking, thermal comfort, ambience, lightings, as well as the features and facilities provided. On average,  

90% of the respondents in China were satisfied with the services rendered.

*GRI 102-40, 102-42, 102-43, 102-44

CapitaLand Commercial Trust (CCT) launched a wellness week, an office tenant engagement programme 

comprising a variety of activities designed to bring fun to the workplace, while promoting total well-being.

CCT partnered with various stakeholders such as Singapore’s Health Promotion Board and tenants to promote 

healthy living through activities such as talks and seminar on workplace ergonomics, health risks of modern 

world, hands-on workshops on making a bento lunch box, art mediation as well as trampoline workouts and 

yoga sessions. These activities attracted over 400 tenant participants.


42

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

HUMAN CAPITAL

Supply Chain Management 

CapitaLand works closely with its contractors and suppliers who are committed to high quality, environmental,  

health and safety standards. Contractors are only appointed for its projects upon meeting the Group’s stringent 

selection criteria, including safety requirements.

CapitaLand implemented the CapitaLand Supply Chain Code of Conduct to influence its supply chain to operate 

responsibly in the areas of anti-corruption, human rights, health and safety, as well as environmental management.

Vendors And Service Providers 

For building operations, CapitaLand’s contractor management guidelines require all contractors to comply with 

local government and other legal requirements. Contractors and service providers in Singapore and overseas are 

required to submit a copy of their risk assessments in cases where their activities may affect the occupational health 

and safety of CapitaLand staff or visitors. 

Vendors and service providers are sent a copy of CapitaLand’s EHS Policy. They have to ensure that their staff 

are sufficiently trained or briefed on environmental, health and safety measures. Contractor house rules stipulate 

requirements such as deploying personal protective equipment, reporting of accidents and proper disposal of 

debris and toxic waste.

Since 2012, CapitaLand properties in Singapore only appoint bizSAFE7 Level 3 and above certified vendors and 

service providers when signing new contracts or renewing existing contracts. Where possible, CapitaLand intends 

to stipulate similar requirements for its overseas offices. In 2018, about 96% of its Singapore corporate offices’ and 

operating properties’ vendors and service providers8 were bizSAFE Level 3 and above certified.

Main Contractors

CapitaLand requires main contractors appointed for its development projects to be OHSAS 18001 certified or to 

engage an independent accredited assessor to conduct OHS legal compliance audits on-site. Two main contractors 

appointed in 2018 fulfilled these requirements.

CapitaLand also tracked the health and safety performance of its main contractors at its worksites in Singapore and 

overseas.

CapitaLand undertook various initiatives to improve the Accident Frequency Rate (AFR) and Accident Severity Rate 

(ASR)9 of its main contractors at its sites. In 2018, there were no injuries at its Singapore construction sites10. 

Despite best efforts to ensure site safety, there was one workplace injury involving CapitaLand’s contractor staff in 

China and investigation by the authorities is in progress. Detailed investigations were undertaken, and it ensured that 

the contractor quickly completed all necessary follow-up action. Lessons learnt from the incident were shared across 

business units, and the Group’s commitment to strengthen its safety standards was reinforced. 

CapitaLand strongly encourages its main contractors in Singapore to apply for the WSH Safety and Health  

Award Recognition for Projects (SHARP)11 awards and for overseas main contractors to apply for accredited local 

safety awards.

7 The bizSAFE programme is advocated by the WSH Council in Singapore to promote workplace safety and health in small and medium 

enterprises. There are five levels.

8 This refers to term contractors/service providers where their work is on-site at CapitaLand properties or offices.

9 AFR and ASR are terms used in Singapore by the WSH Council. AFR measures how often workplace incidents occurred per million man-hours 

worked. ASR measures number of man-days lost to workplace accidents per million man-hours worked.

10 As there were no contractor injuries at the development sites in Singapore, its AFR and ASR was zero, which were below Singapore’s national 

average of 1.5 for AFR and 115 for ASR for the construction sector.

11 Safety and Health Award Recognition for Projects (SHARP) Award recognises projects or worksites that have good safety and health 

performance, and workplace safety and health management systems.

*GRI 102-40, 102-42, 102-43, 102-44 


43

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

HUMAN RIGHTS

CapitaLand has an integrated human capital strategy to recruit, develop and motivate staff. Key performance 

indicators (KPI), both for the business as well as for people development, are in place to ensure that staff’s 

performance goals are aligned with the Group’s business objectives. Staff are provided with appropriate 

development opportunities to perform well in their job. In 2018, CapitaLand was the only real estate company to 

receive the SkillsFuture Employer Award in Singapore. It honours exemplary organisations which led the way in 

championing employees’ skills development and building a culture of lifelong learning in their workplace. 

Anti-Child Labour and Anti-Forced Labour

With a global workforce of more than 12,100 staff, CapitaLand is committed to be a workplace of choice for its staff. 

CapitaLand is a signatory of the United Nations Global Compact and is committed to the 10 principles in the areas 

of human rights, labour, environment and anti-corruption. In Singapore, CapitaLand signed the Employers Pledge for 

Fair Employment Practices with The Tripartite Alliance for Fair and Progressive Employment Practices (TAFEP12) and 

commited to the five key principles of fair employment13.

In 2018, there was no reported incident relating to discrimination, child labour or forced labour in CapitaLand,  

and the company had no staff below the age of 1614.

Diversity and Inclusion

As an international company, CapitaLand embraces diversity and inclusivity regardless of gender, race, nationality 

and family status. CapitaLand believes that staff can make a significant contribution based on their talent, expertise 

and experience. There are more than 80 nationalities working within the Group.

CapitaLand adopts a localisation strategy for its overseas operations where reasonable and practical. This ensures 

that the teams on the ground have a good grasp of the local socio-political and cultural sensitivities to help deliver 

targeted business outcomes for the Group. In 2018, locals accounted for about 82% of the staff based in Singapore 

and 97% of staff based in China. Of these locals, 42% held managerial and senior management positions in 

Singapore and 15% in China.

CapitaLand identifies talent internally and externally to build bench strength as well as talent pipeline for leadership 

succession planning. CapitaLand recruits talent through a network of local and overseas universities, and also 

attracts young talent at an early stage through its graduate development programme. Apart from fresh graduates, 

CapitaLand also employs experienced and mid-career professionals as well as industry veterans. New hires 

represented 29% of the total headcount in 201815.

CapitaLand’s vibrant, motivated and qualified workforce has given the Group a competitive edge. About 67%  

of CapitaLand’s global workforce is aged 30 to 50. About 85% of new hires in 2018 were born from 1978  

onwards. Over 75% of CapitaLand’s staff hold tertiary qualifications and above (this includes holders of diploma,  

and bachelor’s and master’s degree qualifications).

12 The Tripartite Alliance for Fair and Progressive Employment Practices (TAFEP) was formed in May 2006 to promote non-discriminatory 

employment practices and to shift mindset among employers, staff and the general public towards fair and progressive employment practices  

for all workers in Singapore. Members include employer representatives, union leaders and government officials.

13 The five key principles of fair employment are:

 

• Recruit and select staff based on merit, such as skills, experience and ability, regardless of age, race, gender, religion or family status. 

 

• Treat staff fairly and with respect and implement progressive human resource management systems. 

 

• Provide staff with equal opportunities for training and development based on their strengths and needs, to help them achieve their full potential.

 

• Reward staff fairly based on their ability, performance, contribution and experience. 

 

• Abide by labour laws and adopt Tripartite Guidelines which promote fair employment practices.

14 In 2017 and 2016, CapitaLand had no reported incident relating to discrimination, child labour or forced labour. In Singapore, the Ministry of 

Manpower stipulates specific forms of work which are unsuitable for children below the age of 16.

15 Singapore and China account for about 10% and 45% of the total number of new hires respectively.

HUMAN CAPITAL


44

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

CapitaLand’s global workforce comprises an almost equal proportion of males and females, at a ratio of 47:53  

(In Singapore, the proportion of male to female staff is 40:60; in China, the ratio is 46:54). The company’s female staff 

are represented at the middle and senior management level. In the past three years, about 53% of the managerial staff 

were female. In 2018, about 31% of senior management were female with four of them holding C-suite appointments 

within the Group. Over the past three years, females comprised between 30%-35% of the senior management.

Based on a simple computation, the average gender pay gap16 for staff up to middle management levels ranges 

between 1% (in favour of females) for non-executives, 0% for executives, and 7% (in favour of males) for managers.  

At the senior management levels with female representation17, the average gender pay gap ranges between 7%  

(in favour of females) and 38% (in favour of males). An analysis of comparable roles shows that CapitaLand rewards 

men and women fairly for similar work and that the gap reflects the lower representation of women at the more senior 

levels of the organisation.

Re-Employment Opportunities

The Singapore government implemented the retirement and re-employment legislation in 2012 to enable more 

people to work beyond the current statutory retirement age of 62, up to 67 years old. Before the legislation, 

CapitaLand already had a re-employment policy of extending employment to staff who have reached the mandatory 

retirement age but are still able and willing to continue contributing to CapitaLand. This policy is applicable to all 

staff globally with a total of 121 staff above retirement age18 in 2018. They will continue to receive their last drawn 

salary if upon re-employment, their work scope and responsibilities remain unchanged.

Respect For Freedom of Association

CapitaLand respects its staff’s right to freedom of association and be members of trade unions. In Singapore, 

CapitaLand is guided by the Industrial Relations Act that allows representation of staff by trade unions for collective 

bargaining, thus providing them with an avenue to seek redress for any industrial disputes. CapitaLand and the 

unions enjoy a cordial working relationship, promoting positive working conditions and improving productivity for 

the mutual benefit of staff and the company. Currently, 38% of the bargainable workforce and junior executives 

in Singapore are union members. 100% of the bargainable workforce in Singapore are covered by collective 

agreements. Globally, 19% of its workforce is covered by collective agreements*.

16 This comparison is for base salary and other cash incentives.

17 There are 2 levels with no female representation.

18 This is based on the retirement age in the respective countries.

HUMAN CAPITAL

*GRI 102-41

CapitaLand’s wholly owned business unit, Ascott was nominated by the Food, Drinks and Allied Workers Union 

(FDAWU) in Singapore to receive the May Day Plaque of Commendation in 2018 for its collaboration with the union.

Since 1995, Ascott and the FDAWU have maintained a healthy and harmonious relationship. Ascott raised its 

staff membership in FDAWU by more than 180% between 2016-2017 by facilitating sharing sessions across 

seven Ascott properties with FDAWU.

Ascott also implemented an automated workflow system with funding from Singapore Tourism Board and NTUC’s 

(National Trades Union Congress) ei2 (Employment and Employability Institute). This system channeled Ascott 

guests’ feedback directly to the respective departments for follow up actions, which allowed Ascott’s housekeeping 

coordinators to be re-deployed for more customer-facing activities, instead of allocating, updating and tracking 

jobs manually.

Ascott partnered with the Singapore Institute of Technology to offer a 3-year Ascott SkillsFuture Work Study 

Degree Programme, to attract locals into the hospitality industry and enhance understanding of the industry 

through hands-on learning experience. Ascott employed three local students from this programme in 2018. 

To encourage a culture of learning and upskilling, the various Head of Departments at Ascott take every 

opportunity, especially during the morning roll-call, to share more about training and e-learning opportunities  

to encourage rank-and-file staff to upskill themselves.


45

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

Talent Management 

CapitaLand seeks innovative, dynamic and talented staff to take the company into its next phase of growth and 

adopts a multi-pronged approach to manpower planning, i.e. developing internal talent and hiring young talent, 

mid-career and industry veterans. CapitaLand continuously builds its management bench strength through the 

identification of high potential talent as part of its regular succession planning process. 

The Board’s Executive Resource and Compensation Committee (ERCC) regularly reviews the succession plans 

for the key positions in the company including President &amp; Group CEO and other key management personnel in 

CapitaLand.

On an annual basis, CapitaLand identifies and reviews suitably qualified candidates from both within and outside of 

the Group who could be considered for key positions when the need arises in the immediate, medium, or long term.

Positive Work Environment 

CapitaLand recognises that a positive work environment is essential to attract, motivate and retain talent. Its total 

well-being programme promotes personal development, health and work-life harmony. Initiatives include a flexible 

medical and benefits plan, flexible work arrangements, staff engagement initiatives and subsidised rates for 

staff staying at Ascott’s serviced residences. Part-time staff are entitled to the same benefits on a pro-rata basis. 

CapitaLand advocates a pay-for-performance philosophy to drive ownership of collective goals, leading to a  

high-performance culture which creates long-term shareholder value. Its robust performance management system 

ensures that all staff receive regular performance and career development reviews. 

All staff are entitled to parental leave. In 2018, 367 female staff went on maternity leave and 28719 returned to work. 

CapitaLand also provides paid paternity leave to all male staff in Singapore and countries where practicable.  

In 2018, 175 male staff took paternity leave. 

In Singapore, the Central Provident Fund (CPF) is a comprehensive social security savings plan introduced by the 

Singapore government to enforce savings by salaried workers for a more secure retirement. Under the CPF scheme, 

CapitaLand and its staff make monthly contributions to the staff’s CPF account in accordance with the prevailing 

regulations. Apart from complying with Singapore’s statutory requirements on making monthly contributions to staff’s 

CPF accounts, the Group also adheres to the respective social security contribution or pension plan obligations of 

the countries it operates in.

Fair Remuneration

All staff sign employment contracts with the key employment terms and conditions clearly spelt out, so that staff fully 

understand the terms and conditions. This allows staff to understand both their rights and obligations, as well as 

those of the company, thus minimising potential employment disputes in the future. Key employment terms specified 

in the employment contract include the job title and description, duration of employment, working hours, salary and 

allowances, and (statutory) contributions/deductions, leave entitlements, probation and notice periods, and key 

insurance and medical benefits, etc. 

To ensure that CapitaLand remains competitive and continues to attract and retain the right talent, the Group 

engages external independent remuneration consultants to benchmark the company’s compensation packages 

against the relevant talent markets. Salaries are reviewed taking into consideration these benchmarks as well as  

the specific job scope and responsibilities of each staff. 

All regular full-time staff undergo an annual performance review where there is an open discussion on the staff’s 

performance, areas for improvement, developmental needs and career plans. 

HUMAN CAPITAL

19 Excludes staff whose paternity/maternity leave cross over to 2019 and hence have not returned to work in 2018.


46

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

HUMAN CAPITAL

The Group rewards and motivates staff with a comprehensive and competitive compensation package and benefit 

programmes. The Group observes a pay-for-performance philosophy that rewards for superior performance,  

which aligns staff and shareholder interests to deliver business results. The Group’s overall annual variable bonus 

pool is determined based on the Group’s achievement against a holistic set of financial and non-financial targets in 

the balanced scorecard dimensions of Financials, Execution, Future Growth and Sustainability. The amount of bonus 

awarded to staff are further based on their relative contributions and individual performance. Staff at managerial 

grades are also eligible to receive performance-based long-term share awards. The share awards will vest over 

three years subject to the achievement of pre-determined Group profitability and shareholder return targets.

The performance and remuneration of key management executives are based on both quantitative and qualitative 

targets within the balanced scorecard framework, including their efforts in building management bench strength  

and talent.

CapitaLand monitors the movement of its workforce closely. In 2018, the staff turnover20 was 17.0%. In Singapore,  

the turnover was 13.5%, which was better than the national average of 21.6%21. In China, the turnover was 18.2%, 

which was better than the national average of 20.6%22. Given CapitaLand’s business in the labour-intensive 

hospitality industry and the large number of non-executive staff, the staff movement is deemed be normal.

More 42% of staff globally have been with the Group for five years or longer. The company also interviews resigning 

staff as part of its continuing efforts to improve its retention policies and initiatives.

Job Security 

CapitaLand is committed to talent mobility where staff are given opportunities to rotate to different job functions, 

subject to skills/competency requirements and business needs. CapitaLand is committed to providing meaningful 

jobs for its staff. This is in line with the revised Tripartite Guidelines on Managing Excess Manpower and Responsible 

Retrenchment issued by the Singapore Ministry of Manpower (MOM) together with its tripartite partners, Singapore 

National Employers Federation (SNEF) and the National Trades Union Congress (NTUC). 

These guidelines also suggest various arrangements such upskilling staff and redesigning jobs, as well as providing 

company retraining programmes for workers, redeployment of workers to alternative areas of work, implementing 

flexible work arrangements, and managing wage costs through a flexible wage system. 

In the event of termination or staff resignation, there is a minimum notice period of one to three months, depending 

on the staff’s job grade. Due to operational requirements, senior management staff are required to serve a notice 

period of three to six months. 

In 2018, other than the reconfiguration of certain functions, there was no major reorganisation in CapitaLand.  

There were no layoffs arising from these changes.

Learning And Development

Staff are provided with appropriate training to be better equipped to contribute at optimal levels and contribute 

effectively to the Group’s performance. Full-time staff are allowed up to 10 days of examination leave per calendar 

year. In 2018, about 95% of the workforce attended at least one learning event23, and the average number of training 

hours completed by each staff for the year was more than 51 hours.

20 This refers to voluntary turnover and does not include figures attributable to internal transfers from one entity to another entity, non-renewal of 

contracts, etc.

21 Data by Ministry of Manpower, Singapore.

22 Data by a human capital and management company. 

23 The number includes third-party staff at CapitaLand properties.


47

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

HUMAN CAPITAL

Upskilling The Workforce For The Future

In anticipation of technological changes and its impact on the skillsets of its staff, CapitaLand organised a series of 

sessions where industry experts were invited to share insights on topics and trends related to its business, such as 

building retail of the future. More than 400 staff attended the foundational Digital Literacy programme in Singapore 

and Vietnam. By organising these activities, the company hopes to inculcate a spirit of lifelong learning and help 

equip staff with the knowhow to navigate a constantly changing world. Over 3,000 staff invested over 15,680 hours 

attending sessions on analytics and innovation in 2018. More than 980 staff spent over 5,860 hours participating in 

change management and diversity-related training.

STAFF ENGAGEMENT*

CapitaLand actively engages its staff through various avenues, including regular communication sessions held by 

senior management for effective flow of information and alignment of business goals and objectives across all levels 

of the workforce. 

Quarterly staff communication sessions by the President &amp; Group Chief Executive Officer allow the Group’s senior 

management team to communicate and interact with staff. These sessions are webcast live to CapitaLand offices 

in Singapore and overseas. During these staff communication sessions, information on the Group’s results and key 

business focus are shared with staff. At the question and answer session staff can pose questions via an online 

platform, via email, or in person. 

CapitaLand practises an open-door policy, allowing all staff to obtain a fair review and a prompt response to 

problems or concerns relating to any aspect of their employment with the Group. This includes harassment, 

grievance handling and whistle-blowing policies applicable to all staff. Staff can also raise their concerns to a higher 

level of management or to the Human Resource (HR) department. 

Information such as employment terms, benefits and practices, Ethics and Code of Business Conduct, Fraud, 

Bribery and Corruption Risk Management Framework are made available to all staff through CapitaLand’s intranet 

portal, iHub.

2018 Employee Engagement Pulse Survey (EEPS)

85% of CapitaLand Group’s staff in over 20 countries participated in the Employee Engagement Pulse Survey 

(EEPS) administered by an independent third-party vendor. The EEPS comprised 17 closed-ended and five 

open-ended questions, to assess five key engagement drivers: Core Values and Ethics, Leadership, Growth and 

Development, Teamwork and Empowerment and Future-Readiness. Open-ended questions allowed staff to share 

on areas for improvement, and for the company to analyse staff sentiments beyond numeric scores through text 

analytics. Each open-ended question received at least 3,500 staff responses. CapitaLand employee engagement 

score was 79%, which exceeded the High-Performance World Norm, as well as Real Estate Norm (77% and  

78% respectively)24.

Following the survey, the HR Business Partners will be working with the respective CEOs to address the key issues 

within the respective business units. On the Group level, initiatives will be rolled out to address concerns in the areas 

of teamwork, empowerment and future-readiness.

24 In 2015, 93% of the Group’s staff in over 20 countries participated in the Group’s third Employee Engagement Survey (EES). Employee engagement 

score increased from 80 points in 2012 to 87 points in 2015 which exceeded the global real estate, property and asset management norm.  

An independent consultancy firm was appointed to administer the survey and to ensure confidentiality in soliciting honest responses from the staff.

*GRI 102-40, 102-43, 102-44


48

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

China

Singapore

Malaysia

Vietnam

France

Japan

Thailand

Others

14000

12000

10000

8000

6000

4000

2000

0

2016

2017

2018

Male

Female

100%

80%

60%

40%

20%

0%

2016

2017

2018

Master’s Degree/ Post Graduate

Bachelor’s Degree

Diploma/ GCE A Level

GCE O Level/ Industrial

Others

100%

80%

60%

40%

20%

0%

2016

2017

2018

30%

20%

10%

0%

2016

2017

2018

&lt;30 years

30-50 years

&lt;50 years

&lt;30 years

30-50 years

&lt;50 years

Male

Female

Male

Female

100%

80%

60%

40%

20%

0%

Gender

Age

100%

80%

60%

40%

20%

0%

100%

80%

60%

40%

20%

0%

Gender

Age

100%

80%

60%

40%

20%

0%

&lt;30 years

30-50 years

&lt;50 years

100%

80%

60%

40%

20%

0%

2016

2017

2018

Gender

Management

Executive Staff

Non-Executive Staff

100%

80%

60%

40%

20%

0%

2016

2017

2018

Gender

HUMAN CAPITAL

Global Staff  

By Nationality

Global Staff  

By Gender

Global Staff By Educational 

Qualifications

Global Staff:

Voluntary Turnover Rate

Global Staff: New Hires by 

Gender and Age (2018)

Voluntary Turnover  

by Gender and Age (2018) 

Global Staff by Age and 

Gender Profile

Global Staff by Seniority and  

Gender Profile 


49

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL

CapitaLand’s social and relationship capital are built up through our community investments. In the long term, this 

strengthens CapitaLand’s social licence to operate and our ability to deliver sustainable value to our stakeholders. 

Stakeholders are groups that our business has a significant impact on and those with a vested interest in our 

operations. Our key stakeholders include staff, customers, business associates, builders and suppliers, and the 

local community. Other groups include regulators and key government agencies, non-governmental organisations 

(NGOs), representatives of the capital market and the media. 

Through the various engagement channels, CapitaLand seeks to understand our stakeholders’ views, communicate 

effectively with them and respond to their concerns. Issues that are of interest to our various stakeholders are 

outlined in the following sections. 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT* 

Staff

CapitaLand actively engages its staff through various avenues, including regular communication sessions held by 

senior management for the effective flow of information and ensure an alignment of business goals and objectives 

across all levels of the workforce. For more details, please refer to staff engagement section in the Human Capital.

Customers 

CapitaLand conducts regular satisfaction surveys at its shopping malls and office buildings, and serviced 

residences. The feedback obtained is reviewed and relevant follow-up actions are taken to improve the experience 

of our guests at our serviced residences and improve service levels to tenants. 

CapitaLand’s serviced apartments track and monitor its properties’ service performance via two platforms.  

It subscribes to a Guest Rating Score™ (GRS™), an independent assessment of the individual properties’ quality 

rating based on more than 100 million consumer reviews in 40 languages from more than 100 leading online travel 

agencies and review sites. This allows CapitaLand to benchmark and respond by making the necessary operational 

and service improvements to create a better customer experience for our guests. Guests can also provide specific 

feedback via another platform which help ensure that the properties respond promptly on specific feedback furnished.

A tenant satisfaction survey was conducted at 37 CapitaLand malls in China. About 94% of the malls’ tenants 

participated. CapitaLand garnered feedback on matters pertaining to cleanliness, security, mall ambience and 

comfort, adequacy of car park lots, and frequency of building maintenance. On average, 90% of the respondents in 

China were satisfied with the services rendered. Actionable feedback provided have been addressed by the malls.

A key tenant engagement programme for CapitaLand malls in Singapore and Malaysia was the Biz+ Series of 

seminars and workshops where industry experts, business consultants and retailers gather to share insights 

and innovations. In Singapore, the Biz+ seminars such as ‘Retail Future 2019: Smart Nation, Smart Shopping’ 

and ‘New Retail’ had a total of over 500 participants. In Malaysia, the event themed ‘Building the Right Shopper 

Personas’ was attended by 180 participants.

* GRI 102-40, 102-42, 102-43, 102-44

In Vietnam, CapitaLand implemented a customer management system to improve customer experience through 

a systematic data collection process. With real-time updates, the team was able to ensure the swift resolution of 

feedback provided. This was implemented for 12 development projects and two operational properties targeted 

at its potential homebuyers, homeowners and retail tenants. 

Customer feedback is logged into the system and assigned to relevant departments for follow up on a timely 

basis. The dashboard displays real-time customer-centric indicators such as number of feedback received, 

feedback resolution status, customer satisfaction ratings on service quality, response time, resolution and staff 

service level. In 2018, CapitaLand Vietnam handled 181 cases/feedback using the system.


50

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL

Investors and media 

CapitaLand’s announcements and news releases are filed timely on the Singapore Exchange’s SGXNet, updated 

on its corporate website, and sent to analysts and the media. These also include Investor Relations (IR) related 

announcements, policies and materials such as CapitaLand’s financial results and annual reports. There is also a 

dedicated IR webpage where investors can sign up for email alerts and announcements from CapitaLand. Investors 

can also reach its IR team through the “Contact Us” page or email the company at groupir@capitaland.com. 

The Group Communications team works closely with the media to profile CapitaLand’s senior management and 

latest developments of the Group through print, broadcast and digital media outlets. CapitaLand also posts its 

announcements and news on social media platforms such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, 

and on CapitaLand’s weekly lifestyle blog, INSIDE. It proactively engages stakeholders on major transactions and 

decisions within the Group. For more information, please refer to “Investor &amp; Media Relations” chapter in CapitaLand 

Limited’s Annual Report 2018, page 74-77.

Supply Chain 

CapitaLand works closely with its contractors and suppliers who are committed to high quality environmental, health 

and safety (EHS) standards. Contractors are only appointed for its projects upon meeting the Group’s stringent 

selection criteria, including environment and safety. 

For building operations, CapitaLand’s contractor management guidelines require all contractors to comply with local 

government and other legal requirements. Preference is given to ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 certified companies. 

CapitaLand requires main contractors appointed for its development projects to be ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 

certified, or to engage an independent accredited assessor to conduct EHS legal compliance audits. In line with our 

global commitment to human rights, it is mandatory for main contractors appointed by CapitaLand to ensure that 

there is no child labour and/or forced labour at CapitaLand project sites. 

At end 2017, the CapitaLand Supply Chain Code of Conduct was rolled out progressively to influence its supply 

chain to operate responsibly in the areas of anti-corruption, human rights, health and safety, as well as environmental 

management.

For more information on the monitoring of contractors’ and suppliers’ performance, please refer to the Supply Chain 

Management segment in the Human Capital chapter. 

Government Agencies and Regulators 

CapitaLand participates in stakeholder consultations organised by key government agencies to furnish feedback 

on proposed regulatory changes that may impact the company’s business. This allows CapitaLand to plan ahead, 

in view of the cost of regulatory alignment. Engaging regulators and relevant industry bodies has also enabled 

CapitaLand to be aware of industry challenges, placing the company in a better position to leverage existing and 

future opportunities for growth. 

CapitaLand is committed to regulatory compliance. Procedures are in place to ensure that its activities and 

operations comply with existing regulatory requirements through regular monitoring, evaluation and auditing of  

the CapitaLand EHS management systems. For more details, please refer to the Environmental Capital chapter.

Community/ NGOs

CapitaLand is a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact and member of the Global Compact Network Singapore. 

It is also a founding member of the Singapore Green Building Council. It is a supporter of the Task Force on Climate-

Related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) and World Wide Fund for Nature’s (WWF) Earth Hour campaign since 2008. 

* GRI 102-40, 102-42, 102-43, 102-44


51

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL

COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT INVESTMENT AND VALUE

Community development is a key focus of CapitaLand’s sustainability strategy. This has built strong social capital 

and goodwill for CapitaLand in the communities it operates in. It supports various stakeholder engagement activities 

which include environmental sustainability, health and safety, social integration as well as helping underprivileged 

children and the vulnerable elderly in the community.

Helping Underprivileged Children and Vulnerable Elderly 

A registered charity in Singapore, the philanthropic arm of CapitaLand, CapitaLand Hope Foundation (CHF) invests 

in the fundamental needs of education, healthcare and shelter of underprivileged children to relieve them of hardship 

and help them to eventually break the poverty cycle. In 2018, CHF has expanded its focus to improve quality of life 

for the vulnerable elderly in Singapore through healthcare, deeper social integration and better living conditions.

Every year, CapitaLand allocates up to 0.5% of its net operating profit to CHF and supports its day-to-day operations 

with staff from the various functional departments within the company.

In 2018, CapitaLand invested more than S$2.2 million through CHF to benefit underprivileged children and the 

vulnerable elderly, and over S$0.5 million in other community development initiatives. CapitaLand measures the impact 

of its community development investments in sustained programmes. For example, it referenced the London Benchmark 

Group’s (LBG)25 model for impact assessment for the CapitaLand-NUHKids Nutrition Fund, which is part of the 

CapitaLand Kids’ Food Fund (KFF), and CapitaLand-Yellow Ribbon Fund (YRF) Children Support Programme (CCSP).

CapitaLand KFF aims to improve food security and nutritional well-being of children from financially challenged 

families through the provision of fortified milk formulas and nutritional supplements as well as nutritious meals in 

schools. In 2018, through the continued partnership with National University Hospital (NUH), People’s Association 

and Community Development Councils, more than 500 underpriviledged children benefited from this programme. 

This was a result of more than S$95,000 funding from CHF.

25 The LBG model is an internationally-recognised framework that enables corporations to measure their overall contribution to the community,  

taking into account cash, time and in-kind donations, as well as management costs.

CapitaLand-NUHKids Nutrition Fund, Singapore

This was established to support underprivileged children undergoing medical treatment for specific conditions 

at the pediatric ward of NUH. In 2018, 73% of the 56 beneficiaries saw an improvement in weight since receiving 

support from the CapitaLand-NUHKids Nutrition Fund; out of which, 76% met the optimal weight gain, as advised 

by NUH. In 2017, 35 beneficiaries that were supported saw an 80% improvement in weight; out of which,  

about 71% met the optimal weight gain.

Zaakir, 10 years old, was diagnosed with Quadriplegic Cerebral Palsy and Global Developmental Delay since 

birth. With support from the Fund, after a hip surgery in 2018, he was able to gain weight within three months 

through the milk feeds. He is reaching the 50th-percentile recommended for Cerebral Palsy patients at his age. 

He is happier than before and is a student leader in school. Due to his chronic condition, he will continue to 

receive medical and nutritional therapy.

Nur Auni is a 4-years-old girl diagnosed with “Failure to Thrive” (child not growing as she should) since birth. 

Due to the family’s financial difficulties, her parents found milk formula to be costly. The excessive breastfeeding 

also resulted in her teeth deformation and decay when she turned 3 years old. With the Fund’s support,  

she was able to receive milk feeds which provided her with the nutrition she needed to achieve optimal weight 

gain and height increase. She has become more lively and is able to pursue her passion in dance at school.  

She will continue to receive nutritional therapy until her weight reaches the 10th percentile.

(SDG 1, 2)


52

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL

CapitaLand-Yellow Ribbon Fund (YRF) Children Support Programme (CCSP)

This is an initiative aimed at supporting the development of cognitive and socio-emotional skills of children of 

offenders aged between 3 and 12 years old. Launched in 2017, CHF has pledged a donation of S$500,000 

over two years to YRF which includes reading activities, tuition and educational support. It will also involve a 

system-level intervention with participation of multiple agencies, including Singapore Prison Service, Singapore 

Corporation of Rehabilitative Enterprises (SCORE), grassroots volunteers and other Voluntary Welfare 

Organisations (VWO).

From April 2017 to December 2018, a total of 120 children have enrolled in CCSP. Out of 96 children who 

remained in the programme, 33 were aged 3 to 6 years old while 63 belonged to the 7 to 12 age group. It was 

found that 97% of the children aged 3 to 6 years have shown an interest in reading after joining the programme. 

For children aged 7 to 12 years, 77% have shown improvement in their tutored subjects and 51% were assessed 

to have demonstrated prosocial behaviors and a positive relationship with an adult.

In 2018, CapitaLand provided venue sponsorship for Yellow Ribbon Community Art Exhibition at Raffles City 

Singapore. One of the art contributors for the CCSP showcase was a 5-year-old girl named Hannah (not her  

real name). Hannah was born when her mother was in prison and was solely raised by her grandmother for  

the first 5 years of her life. To Hannah, her mother was a stranger whom she visited once a month in prison. 

When she first joined CCSP on 1 January 2018, she did not know the alphabets and was shy when interacting 

with the volunteers from New Life Stories (a VWO) during her weekly creative reading session under the CCSP. 

Within six months, she gained newfound confidence in her learning abilities, is able to socialise better with her 

mother, and is able to better express herself. When asked about her dreams, Hannah drew a picture depicting 

a happy family. Having improved her basic vocabulary and speech, she now has a positive learning attitude. 

Alongside improved family relations, there is potential for better growth and development in her future.

(SDG 1, 4)

Other Key Programmes

Initiative

Impact

CapitaLand Therapy for Children Project (CTCP)

Supports the treatment and rehabilitation needs of 

underprivileged children who require cleft and/or 

lip palate corrective treatment through the continual 

partnership with China Foundation for Poverty 

Alleviation. The project was implemented by two leading 

NGOs: Smile Angel Foundation (嫣然天使基金会) and 

Future Smile Charitable Foundation (微笑明天基金会).

Smile for Tomorrow Foundation

(SDG 1)

In 2018, 280 children from 25 provinces and 

municipalities in China received treatment. Cleft lip  

and palate lip are birth defects that affect the children’s 

development physically and psychosocially.

Born prematurely, Yang Yang is a 6-month-old boy 

diagnosed with severe cleft lip and palate condition. 

He also suffers from other chronic conditions such 

as hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy and elevated 

myocardial enzyme. With his grandparents also 

suffering from chronic illnesses and unable to work, 

the family relies on his mother’s farming work and his 

father’s part-time job for living. His father took on extra 

jobs to provide for his son’s needs and went around 

searching for the best medical treatment. 

With funding support by CTCP, Yang Yang underwent a 

successful surgery for his cleft lip and palate condition 

on 26 August 2018 at Chengdu Women’s &amp; Children’s 

Central Hospital.


53

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL

Initiative

Impact

CapitaLand Hope Schools

New school facilities funded by CHF create a more 

conducive learning environment. Children can also 

stay in dormitories to focus on their studies and foster 

character development.

(SDG 4) 

Due to a lack of proper education facilities in the 

Le Xa Commune, Tien Lu District in North Vietnam, 

local parents weren’t able to send their children to 

kindergarten. In 2017, CHF donated to the construction 

of two blocks of classrooms at a new site. CapitaLand 

Le Xa Hope Kindergarten was completed and officially 

opened in May 2018. 

Leveraging CapitaLand’s expertise as a real estate 

developer, its staff worked alongside lecturers and 

students from Singapore University of Technology 

and Design (SUTD) and National University of Civil 

Engineering in Hanoi (NUCE) to design and construct 

the common spaces and play area in the kindergarten 

using community participatory design approach.  

This collaboration allowed CapitaLand to foster a 

stronger relationship with the community, and at the 

same time, enabled the youths from Singapore and 

Vietnam to exchange and execute their ideas for the 

good of the community. 

Since the school’s completion, the enrolment rate of 

children has increased from 63% to 79%. The retention 

rate of children has also reached 100%.

Advocating Staff Volunteerism 

CapitaLand is a strong advocate of volunteerism and 

was one of the first companies to formalise three days  

of Volunteer Service Leave (VSL) for its staff. In 2018, 

over 1,100 staff in CapitaLand properties tapped on 

the VSL policy to volunteer more than 10,700 hours26 

in various activities in Asia and beyond. CapitaLand 

encourages its staff to volunteer and 140 staff 

dedicated more than 2,800 hours to volunteer  

during their personal time on CapitaLand initiatives.  

The estimated salary cost to CapitaLand in 2018  

based on VSL taken was over S$172,000.

In recognition of staff’s social contribution as volunteers, CHF donates S$50027 to an approved Institution of a  

Public Character (IPC) in Singapore or an International Non-Profit Organisation or RMB1,000 to a China-based 

children’s charity of the staff’s choice when he/she has taken all three days of VSL within the year.

In 2018, 131 staff qualified for this donation incentive and about S$57,000 will be pledged for donation by  

CHF in 2019.

Based on post-volunteer event surveys, more than 89% of the respondents feel proud working in CapitaLand,  

and enjoy working in a company with a positive and vibrant corporate culture.

26 The Group calculated its VSL based on leave taken during office hours.

27 The donation must be used to support programmes that align with CHF’s objective of helping underprivileged children aged 21 years and below in 

the areas of education, healthcare and shelter in communities where CapitaLand operates; and improve the quality of life of vulnerable elderly aged 

60 and above in Singapore.

Total Volunteer Service Hours

2016

2017

2018

&gt;16,000

&gt;2,100

&gt;13,500

&gt;1,600

&gt;10,700

&gt;1,100

No. of Staff Volunteers


54

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL

SOCIAL INTEGRATION OF CAPITALAND PROPERTIES 

CapitaLand is committed to building safe, accessible, vibrant and quality real estate developments to enhance the 

lives of its shoppers, tenants, serviced residence guests, homeowners and members of the community. Its social 

integration criteria include: 

• Ensuring accessibility in the built environment to people of different age groups and varying mobility; 

• Connectivity to public transport, roads, amenities and between buildings; and 

• Providing community spaces as public gathering points. 

These criteria are integrated into the CapitaLand’s Sustainable Building Guidelines to ensure that they are 

considered at the start of the project development process.

Universal Design (UD) considerations ensure that public spaces in CapitaLand projects are accessible to users  

of different age groups and varying abilities. These include: 

• Seamless connectivity to the external surroundings, e.g. bus stops, adjacent buildings, streets and sidewalks; 

• Barrier-free access from accessible (handicapped) parking lots and family lots to lift lobbies; 

• Sheltered and barrier-free drop-off areas; 

• Accessible (handicapped) parking lots and family lots; 

• Designated pedestrian lanes in carparks; and 

• Amenities such as accessible (handicapped) toilets, lifts and nursing rooms. 

CapitaLand champions the UD concept in Singapore. In 2018, CapitaLand obtained two Universal Design GoldPLUS 

Awards from Singapore’s Building and Construction Authority (BCA). 

The Group’s overseas developments are to comply with local UD/barrier-free codes and guidelines, and are 

encouraged to adopt BCA’s UD Guide in the absence of local codes and guidelines. 

The following key figures represent CapitaLand’s overall alignment to the social integration criteria and are based  

on the floor area of its owned and managed properties. 

• More than 80%28 of CapitaLand’s completed and operational properties worldwide have met all criteria for  

social integration. 

• More than 95% of CapitaLand’s properties worldwide have at least one access-enabled facility for the disabled. 

These facilities include accessible alighting and boarding bays, lifts, parking lots and public toilets. Its office 

buildings in Singapore and shopping malls in Singapore and Japan are also guide-dog friendly. 

• Over 90% of CapitaLand’s properties worldwide are conveniently located in close proximity to transport hubs such 

as bus stops and train/subway stations. This allows easy access to the surrounding communities and facilities. 

Free shuttle bus services are also available at some of its shopping malls. Bicycle parking facilities are also 

provided at many of its properties. 98% of CapitaLand integrated developments are well connected with public 

transport facilities. 

• Over 90% of CapitaLand’s shopping malls, office buildings and integrated developments have atrium event 

spaces and/or children play areas. These provide communal spaces to promote community engagement.  

Family or nursing rooms are also a common feature at CapitaLand’s shopping malls. 

Almost all CapitaLand residential projects have disability access-enabled facilities, including accessible alighting 

and boarding bays, lifts, parking lots and public toilets.

28 Percentage coverage computed based on gross floor area of CapitaLand owned and managed properties.


55

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL

FUNAN, SINGAPORE

Universal Design Mark Design GoldPLUS award

Funan is an integrated development located in Singapore’s Civic &amp; Cultural District. It comprises a six-storey 

retail component, a premium Grade A office and a coliving serviced residence, lyf Funan Singapore.

Featuring a porous streetscape with multiple access points and gentle slopes, Funan allows bicycles, 

wheelchairs and other personal mobility vehicles to enter the building easily, supporting Singapore’s move 

towards an inclusive and car-lite society. Funan will be Singapore’s first commercial building to allow cycling 

through the building. It will offer fast charging electric vehicle stations and a direct connection to a mass rapid 

transport station.

Throughout the property, any change in level is mediated using gentle gradients. All facilities are accessible 

to wheelchair and pram users, including the development’s futsal court and urban greenery. There will be a 

12,000-sq-ft food garden and a 4,000-sq-ft urban farm, where the public can learn more about the origins of their 

food and ‘adopt a plot’ to grow their own produce. The swimming pool at lyf Funan Singapore will feature steps 

and a transfer platform with handrail for handicap users.

Funan will have voice-activated interactive directories located at escalators and lift lobbies of every level to 

facilitate wayfinding. Near-field communication (NFC) technology will also allow transfer of directions from 

directory to personal smart phones. The property will be guide dog friendly and all levels of the development  

will be accessible via a handicap accessible lift. Accessible parking lots and family parking lots will be located 

close to the lift lobbies to allow easy access for users. There will be Braille indicators on staircase handrails and 

child-height handrails at the retail area.

For families, there will be designated family restrooms fitted with adult and child-friendly sanitary facilities such 

as wash basins and toilets for children, as well as nursing rooms with diaper changing station etc. 

Innovative Community Spaces

CapitaLand aims to take the lead in creating innovative community spaces at its properties. In Singapore, 

CapitaLand was the first company to partner the National Council of Social Services (NCSS) to offer rent-free 

office space to volunteer welfare organisations (VWOs) in 2005. It utilised the Urban Redevelopment Authority 

(URA) Community/Sports Facilities Scheme which promotes the integration of community facilities. To date, seven 

CapitaLand shopping malls have tapped the URA Community/Sports Facilities Scheme. They include the Junction 

8 office tower with VWO tenants, Singapore Dance Theatre’s dance studios and supporting facilities at Level 7 of 

Bugis+, the collaboration with the Singapore Sports Council to locate an Olympic-sized ice-skating rink at Level 

3 of JCube, and the Westgate Wonderland - a thematic outdoor playground touted as the largest rooftop mall 

playground in Singapore - designed by Adirondack Studios, an established U.S. theme park designer.

CapitaLand was also one of the first to create “interactive” water features at its shopping malls. The first of such 

features was introduced at the plaza of Bugis Junction. Since then, CapitaLand has developed Splashparks – 

interactive water features designed especially for children at shopping malls – IMM and Lot One Shoppers’ Mall 

and extended this to its overseas malls such as The Mines, Malaysia. 

Its Singapore malls and office buildings continue to collaborate with the Health Promotion Board, Singapore in 

hosting weekly exercise classes such as kickboxing, Zumba, and yoga, to encourage a healthy lifestyle in the 

communities.


56

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL

RAISING PUBLIC AWARENESS AND COMMUNITY OUTREACH

CapitaLand organises activities that are aligned with its focus on community investment, raising awareness and 

stakeholder engagement in the areas of philanthropy, environment, health and safety. The social capital generated 

in these focus areas supports CapitaLand’s business and sustained growth.

Initiative

Impact

CapitaLand Giving Marketplace 

This initiative provides a venue for social enterprises 

and charities to promote their causes and products, 

as well as for staff and office tenants to support social 

causes by purchasing the products and/or volunteering 

with the charities. 

For every item purchased or donation made at the 

marketplace, CHF donated S$6 to participating 

charities.

The event was held at Capital Tower, Singapore.  

More than 140 staff and office tenants attended the 

film screening by the National Volunteer &amp; Philanthropy 

Centre to raise awareness of the needs of elderly and 

children with autism. A post event survey conducted 

showed that 97% of the participants felt that the event 

helped them learn more about giving and volunteering 

for the community. 

CHF donated over S$6,500 to the participating charities.

CapitaLand Earth Hour Campaign 

CapitaLand has participated in the annual global 

sustainability movement for 10 years to raise awareness 

on climate change and encourage individual action to 

reduce their environmental footprint.

More than 280 CapitaLand’s properties worldwide 

participated in the WWF Earth Hour initiative by turning 

off the façade and non-essential lights through the 

night on 24 March 2018. The properties also organised 

activities to engage tenants, shoppers, residents 

and the public to play their part for environmental 

sustainability in various ways such as saving energy 

and water, taking public transport, recycling and tree 

planting.

Venue sponsorship for health events at  

CapitaLand properties

Members of public and tenants can sign up for such 

free events at CapitaLand malls and office buildings  

in Singapore.


57

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL

FRAMEWORK – CORPORATE GIVING AND VOLUNTEERISM

Building People. Building Communities.

Through its philanthropic arm, CapitaLand Hope Foundation (CHF), CapitaLand invests in the communities it  

operates in to promote the social growth and development of underprivileged children, with respect to their education, 

healthcare and shelter needs. CHF also strives to improve the quality of life for the vulnerable elderly in Singapore  

through healthcare, deeper social integration and better living conditions.

Policies

Corporate Philanthropy

• Underprivileged children (aged 21 years  

and below)

• Vulnerable elderly (aged 60 and above)  

in Singapore

• Areas of Focus: Education, Healthcare and Shelter

• Geography: Communities where CapitaLand 

operates in

• Employee Volunteerism: Volunteer Service Leave 

(paid): three days per year

Corporate

Governance

Governing Authority

• Established CHF as a corporate foundation governed under the Singapore Charities Act

• Conferred Grant Maker Status under the Double Tax Deduction scheme

• Engagement with the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore and Singapore’s Ministry of Culture,  

Community and Youth to ensure legal compliance

• Submission of Annual Report to the Commissioner of Charities, Singapore

Board of Directors

• One non-executive independent director, one non-executive, non-independent director and one executive 

non-independent director

Internal/External Audit

• Thorough audit of financial accounts and statements for submission to the Commissioner of Charities, Singapore

Volunteer Service Administrative System

• Built Volunteer Service Leave and Volunteer Service (non-workday) modules into the online HR leave 

application system

• Track both workday and non-workday volunteer activities

Strategic 

Goals

• Invest in fundamental needs i.e. education, healthcare and shelter of underprivileged children; to relieve  

them of hardship and eventually break the poverty cycle

• Improve the quality of life for the vulnerable elderly in Singapore through healthcare, deeper social  

integration and better living conditions

• Focus on communities where CapitaLand operates in as the long-term success of CapitaLand’s  

business is closely intertwined with the health and prosperity of these communities

• Go beyond donations and be actively involved in projects that will have positive impact on both the  

community and its business

Action Plan

Alignment with Business Goals and Stakeholders’ Interests

• Source of funding for CHF: up to 0.5% of CapitaLand’s annual net operating profit

• Align community investment with business and interests of stakeholders e.g. shareholders, consumers, 

employees and the community

• CapitaLand’s corporate governance including internal policies, procedures and codes of business conduct 

(e.g. anti-corruption and whistle blowing policy)

Employee Volunteerism

• Advocate volunteerism to embody the true spirit of community investment in CapitaLand

• Employee involvement can lead to improved teambuilding, better working relationships and enhanced 

internal brand value

• Catalyse additional volunteer efforts with a donation to a children’s or elderly’s charity of the employee’s 

choice if all three days of Volunteer Service Leave are taken

Progress Management

• CHF’s work is well supported by the various departments in the company and linked to effective  

management systems

• Set meaningful targets and key performance indicators when planning community investment initiatives  

In addition to measuring input, e.g. donation amount, CHF also looks into output and outcome, e.g. time 

invested by staff and impact of donations, referencing LBG model where appropriate

• Collaborate with credible, experienced and established organisations to build programmes that will have  

long-term sustainable impact on the beneficiaries

Brand Building

• Building brand, reputation and trust among its stakeholders will help CapitaLand garner wider support,  

which is crucial in maintaining sustainable operations for CHF

Impact

• Improved academic results, health and behavioural performance of beneficiaries

• Staff volunteers feel proud and enjoy working in the company with a positive and vibrant corporate culture


58

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

MATERIAL TOPICS &amp; BOUNDARIES

Material Topics

(GRI102-47)

Topics Boundary:

Internal and External

Management Approach

References (GRI 103)

Economic

Economic Performance

CapitaLand Group (CL)

Financial Capital (pg 17)

Market Presence

CL, investors

Human Capital (pg 43)

Indirect Economic Impacts

CL, community

Social and Relationship Capital  

(pg 54, 57)

Anti-corruption

CL, investors, customers, communities

Organisational Capital (pg 19-21)

Environmental

Materials

CL, contractors

Environment Capital (pg (23-29)

Energy

CL, contractors

Water

CL, contractors

Biodiversity

Relevant to the communities where  

CL operates

Emissions

CL, contractors

Effluents and Waste

CL, contractors and suppliers

Environmental Compliance

CL, investors

Supplier Environmental Assessment

CL, contractors and suppliers

Social 

Employment

CL

Human Capital (pg 43-46)

Labour/Management Relations

CL

Human Capital (pg 44)

Occupational Health and Safety

CL

Human Capital (pg 37-39)

Training and Education

CL

Human Capital (pg 46-47)

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

CL

Human Capital (pg 43-46)

Non-Discrimination

CL

Human Capital (pg 43)

Child Labour

CL

Human Capital (pg 43)

Forced or Compulsory Labour

CL

Human Capital (pg 43)

Human Rights Assessment

CL, contractors

Human Capital (pg 37,42)

Local Communities

CL, communities

Environment Capital (pg 23),  

Human Capital (pg 37), Social and 

Relationship Capital (pg 54, 57)

Supplier Social Assessment

CL, contractors

Human Capital (pg 37, 42) Social and 

Relationship Capital (pg 50)

Customer Health and Safety

CL, tenants, contractors, suppliers, and 

communities

Human Capital (pg 37-42), Social and 

Relationship Capital (pg 54)

Marketing and Labelling

CL, customers

Organisational Capital (pg 21)

Customer Privacy

CL, customers, investors

Organisational Capital (pg 21)

Socioeconomic Compliance

CL, investors

Organisational Capital (pg 19-21),  

Human Capital (pg 40)


59

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

GRI Standards Content Index for ‘In accordance’ – Core

The GRI Content Index references CapitaLand Limited Sustainability Report 2018 and the Annual Report 2018 (AR).

For the Materiality Disclosures Service, GRI Services reviewed that the GRI content index is clearly presented and 

the references for Disclosures 102-40 to 102-49 align with appropriate sections in the body of the report.

GRI

Standards

Disclosure

Number

Disclosure Title

Page Reference

and Remarks

External

Assurance1

(pg 68-72)

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 (GRI 101 does not include any disclosures)

General Disclosures

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-1

Organisation’s name

Introduction (pg 4)

102-2

Primary brands, products, and 

services

Introduction (pg 1)

102-3

Location of headquarters

Introduction (pg 4)

102-4

Location of operations

AR (pg 6-7)

102-5

Ownership and legal form

AR (pg 11)

102-6

Markets served

AR (pg 6-7, 97-107)

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Introduction (pg 1, 3)

Financial Capital (pg 17)

AR (pg 6-7, 9, 97-107) 

102-8

Workforce figures

Human Capital (pg 43)

102-9

Organisation’s supply chain

Introduction (pg 8) 

Environmental Capital (pg 23, 33-36)

Human Capital (pg 37, 42)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 50)

102-10

Significant changes during the 

reporting period

AR (pg 20-21)

102-11

Report whether and how the 

precautionary approach or principle 

is addressed by the organisation

Introduction (pg 12-13)

Environmental Capital (23-29)

102-12

List externally developed economic, 

environmental and social charters, 

principles, or other initiatives to 

which the organisation subscribes

Introduction (pg 3)

Organisation Capital (pg 18)

Human Capital (pg 43)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 50)

102-13

Memberships of associations and 

national or international advocacy 

organisations

Introduction (pg 3)

Organisational Capital (pg 18)

Human Capital (pg 43)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 50)

102-14

Statement from senior decision-

maker

President and Group CEO’s Message (pg 15-16)

AR (pg 12-17)

102-15

Description of key impacts, risks, 

and opportunities

Introduction (pg 8, 12-14)

Organisational Capital (pg 22)

Environmental Capital (pg 23)

Human Capital (pg 37)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 49-50)

AR (pg 37-73)

102-16

Organisation’s values, principles, 

standards and norms of behaviour

Introduction (pg 1)

Organisational Capital (pg 18-21)

AR (pg 59-60)

102-18

Governance structure

Introduction (pg 6)

AR (22-69, 82-83)

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Introduction (pg 7-8)

Environmental Capital (pg 23)

Human Capital (pg 41-42, 47)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 49-50)

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Human Capital (pg 44)

1 External assurance is only for Sustainability Report and does not cover CapitaLand Limited Annual Report 2018.

GRI CONTENT INDEX




60

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

GRI

Standards

Disclosure

Number

Disclosure Title

Page Reference

and Remarks

External

Assurance1

(pg 68-72)

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-42

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders

Introduction (pg 7-8)

Environmental Capital (pg 23)

Human Capital (pg 41-42)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 49-50)

102-43

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement

Introduction (pg 7-8)

Environmental Capital (pg 23)

Human Capital (pg 41-42, 47)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 49-50)

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised 

through stakeholder engagement

Introduction (pg 7-8)

Environmental Capital (pg 23)

Human Capital (pg 41-42, 47)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 49-50)

102-45

Entities included in the organisation’s 

consolidated financial statements

Introduction (pg 3) 

AR (pg 11)

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries

Introduction (pg 7)

102-47

List of material topics

Introduction (pg 7)

Material Topics and Boundaries (pg 58)

102-48

Effect of any restatements of 

information provided in previous 

reports

Restatement of 2017 data where one 2017 

staff work related incident was lodged in 2018 

due to local legislation reporting requirement. 

Human Capital (pg 40)

102-49

Significant changes from previous 

reports in the material topics and 

boundaries

There are no significant changes from previous 

reports.

102-50

Reporting period

FY 1 January to 31 December 2018 

Introduction (pg 3)

102-51

Date of previous report

Published on 25 May 2018

102-52

Reporting cycle

Introduction (pg 3)

102-53

Contact point

Introduction (pg 4)

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance 

with GRI Standards

Introduction (pg 3)

102-55

GRI Content Index

GRI Content Index (pg 59-65)

102-56

Assurance

Introduction (pg 4)

Independent Assurance Statement

(pg 68-72)

Topic-Specific Standards

Economic Benefit to Stakeholders

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and 

its boundary

pg 7, 58

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

pg 17, 43, 54, 57

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

pg 17, 43, 54, 57

GRI 201: Economic 

Performance 2016

201-1

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed

Financial Capital (pg 17)

AR (pg 8, 90-96)

GRI 202: Market 

Presence 2016

202-2

Proportion of senior management hired 

from the local community

Human Capital (pg 43)

GRI 203:  

Indirect Economic 

Impacts 2016

203-1

Infrastructure investments and 

services supported

Environmental Capital (pg 30, 36)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 49-57)

GRI CONTENT INDEX


61

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

GRI

Standards

Disclosure

Number

Disclosure Title

Page Reference

and Remarks

External

Assurance1

(pg 68-72)

Business Ethics

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and 

its boundary

pg 7, 58

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

pg 19-21

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

pg 19-21

GRI 205:  

Anti-Corruption 

2016 

205-1

Risk assessment for corruption

Organisational Capital (pg 19-21)

205-2

Communication and training on anti-

corruption policies and procedures

Organisational Capital (pg 19-21)

205-3

Incidents and action taken

Organisational Capital (pg 21)

GRI 415: Public 

Policy 2016

415-1

Political contributions

Organisational Capital (pg 21)

GRI 417: 

Marketing and 

Labeling 2016

417-3

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning marketing 

communications

No instances of non-compliance with 

regulations and voluntary codes concerning 

product and service information and labeling 

during the reporting period.

GRI 418: 

Customer  

Privacy 2016

418-1

Substantiated complaints regarding 

breaches of customer privacy and 

losses of customer data

No substantiated complaints regarding 

breaches of customer privacy and losses of 

customer data

Energy Efficiency

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and 

its boundary

pg 7, 58

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

pg 23-29

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

pg 23-29

GRI 302:  

Energy 2016

302-1

Energy consumption within the 

organisation

Environmental Capital (pg 32, 33-34)

302-2

Energy consumption outside of the 

organisation

Environmental Capital (pg 33)

302-3

Energy intensity

Environmental Capital (pg 32, 33)

302-4

Reduction of energy consumption

Environmental Capital (pg 25, 30, 33-34)

302-5

Reductions in energy requirements 

of products and services

Environmental Capital (pg 25, 27-28, 30)

Water Management

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and 

its boundary

pg 7, 58

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

pg 23-29

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

pg 23-29

GRI 303: Water 

and Effluents 

2018

303-1

Interactions with water as a shared 

resource

Environmental Capital (pg 23, 28, 34)

303-2

Management of water discharge-

related impacts

Environmental Capital (pg 34)

303-3

Water withdrawal

Environmental Capital (pg 34)

303-4

Water discharge

Environmental Capital (pg 32, 34)

303-5

Water consumption

Majority of water usage is for cooling towers, 

toilets, washing activities, water features, and 

irrigation.

GRI CONTENT INDEX

1 External assurance is only for Sustainability Report and does not cover CapitaLand Limited Annual Report 2018.


62

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

GRI

Standards

Disclosure

Number

Disclosure Title

Page Reference

and Remarks

External

Assurance1

(pg 68-72)

Biodiversity

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and 

its boundary

pg 7, 58

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

pg 23-29

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

pg 23-29

GRI 304: 

Biodiversity  

2016

304-1

Operational sites in or adjacent to 

protected areas or areas of high 

biodiversity value

None during the reporting period.

Environmental Capital (pg 28)

304-2

Significant impact on biodiversity

304-4

IUCN Red List species and national 

conservation list species affected

Climate Change and Emissions

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and 

its boundary

pg 7, 58

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

pg 12-13, 23-29

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

pg 12-13, 23-29

GRI 305: 

Emissions 2016

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) greenhouse gas 

(GHG) emissions 

Environmental Capital (pg 31-32)

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG 

emissions 

Environmental Capital (pg 31-33)

305-3

Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG 

emissions 

Environmental Capital (pg 31-33)

305-4

GHG emissions intensity

Environmental Capital (pg 32, 33)

305-5

Reduction of GHG emissions

Environmental Capital (pg 25, 28, 33, 34)

GRI 201: Economic

Performance 2016

201-2

Financial implications, risks and 

opportunities due to climate change 

Introduction (pg 12-13)

Environment (pg 23-24, 28-29)

Construction and Operational Waste

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and 

its boundary

pg 7, 58

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

pg 23-29, 35-36

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

pg 23-29, 35-36

GRI 306: Effluents 

and Waste 2016

306-1

Water discharge by quality and 

destination

Wastewater is discharged into the public 

sewerage system or sewage treatment plant.

306-2

Waste management

Environmental Capital (pg 35-36)

306-3

Significant spills

None during the reporting period.

306-4

Transport of hazardous waste

Disclosure is not applicable as the Company 

does not transport, import, export or treat 

hazardous waste.

306-5

Discharge and runoffs affecting 

protected water bodies

None during the reporting period. Waste water 

is discharged into the public sewerage system 

or sewage treatment plant.

Environmental Capital (pg 28)

GRI CONTENT INDEX

1 External assurance is only for Sustainability Report and does not cover CapitaLand Limited Annual Report 2018.


63

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

GRI

Standards

Disclosure

Number

Disclosure Title

Page Reference

and Remarks

External

Assurance1

(pg 68-72)

GRI 301:  

Materials 2016

301-1

Materials used by weight or volume

Disclosure is not directly applicable as 

building materials are purchased by builders 

(main contractors). Weight of 10 materials 

was collated for computation of embodied 

carbon. Please see company approach on 

how it encourages the use of recycled and/ or 

sustainable building materials on page 30  

and 36.

Compliance

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and 

its boundary

pg 7, 58

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

pg 23-28, 37, 42

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

pg 23-28, 37, 42

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 2016 

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations

Environmental Capital (pg 26)

Supply Chain Management

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and 

its boundary

pg 7, 58

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

pg 23-28, 37, 42, 50

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

pg 23-28, 37, 42, 50

GRI 308: Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment 2016

308-1

New suppliers screened using 

environmental criteria

Environmental Capital (pg 25)

GRI 414: 

Supplier Social 

Assessment 2016

414-1

Suppliers screened using social 

criteria

Human Capital (pg 40)

Employment

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and 

its boundary

pg 7, 58

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

pg 43-46

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

pg 43-46

GRI 401: 

Employment 

2016

401-1

New hires and employee turnover

Human Capital (pg 43, 46, 48)

401-3

Parental leave

Human Capital (pg 45)

GRI 402: Labour/ 

Management 

Relations 2016

402-1

Notice period regarding operational 

changes

Human Capital (pg 46)

GRI 404:  

Training and 

Education 2016 

404-1

Average hours of training

Human Capital (pg 46-47)

404-2

Employee skills upgrade and 

transition assistance programmes

Human Capital (pg 46-47)

404-3

Performance and career 

development reviews

Human Capital (pg 45, 46)

GRI CONTENT INDEX

1 External assurance is only for Sustainability Report and does not cover CapitaLand Limited Annual Report 2018.


64

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

GRI

Standards

Disclosure

Number

Disclosure Title

Page Reference

and Remarks

External

Assurance1

(pg 68-72)

Occupational Health &amp; Safety

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and 

its boundary

pg 7, 58

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

pg 37-39

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

pg 37-39

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and Safety 

2018

403-1

Occupational health and safety 

management system

Human Capital (pg 37)

403-2

Hazard identification, risk 

assessment, and incident 

investigation

Human Capital (pg 38-40, 42)

403-3

Occupational health services

Human Capital (pg 41)

403-4

Worker participations, consultation, 

and communication on occupational 

health and safety

Human Capital (pg 38-39, 44)

During the year, the unions did not express any 

concerns on staff health and safety issues as 

the CapitaLand OHS management system is 

externally audited.

403-5

Worker training on occupational 

health and safety

Human Capital (pg 39)

403-6

Promotion of worker health

Human Capital (pg 41)

403-7

Prevention and mitigation of 

occupational health and safety 

impacts directly linked by business 

relationships

Human Capital (pg 37, 39, 41-42)

403-8

Workers covered by an occupational 

health and safety management 

system

Human Capital (pg 38)

403-9

Work-related injuries

Human Capital (pg 40, 42)

Zero workplace fatality and high consequences 

incident (permanent disability) in CapitaLand 

managed development sites in Singapore, 

Malaysia, China, Indonesia &amp; Vietnam.

Diversity and Human Rights

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and 

its boundary

pg 7, 58

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

pg 43-46, 50

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

pg 43-46, 50

GRI 405: Diversity 

and Equal 

Opportunity 2016

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees 

Human Capital (pg 43-44, 48)

405-2

Ratio of basic salary and 

remuneration of women to men

Human Capital (pg 44)

GRI 406: Non- 

discrimination 

2016

406-1

Incidents of discrimination and 

corrective action taken

Human Capital (pg 43)

GRI 408: Child 

Labour 2016

408-1

Operations and suppliers at 

significant risk for incidents of child 

labour and measures taken to the 

effective abolition of child labour

Human Capital (pg 43)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 50)

GRI 409: Forced 

or Compulsory 

Labour 2016

409-1

Operations and suppliers at 

significant risk for incidents of forced 

or compulsory labour, and measures 

taken to eliminate it

Human Capital (pg 43) 

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 50)

GRI CONTENT INDEX

1 External assurance is only for Sustainability Report and does not cover CapitaLand Limited Annual Report 2018.


65

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

GRI

Standards

Disclosure

Number

Disclosure Title

Page Reference

and Remarks

External

Assurance1

(pg 68-72)

GRI 412: 

Human Rights 

Assessment 2016

412-1

Operations subjected to human 

rights reviews

Human Capital (pg 37-41, 43, 44)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 50)

GRI 413: Local 

Communities 

2016

413-1

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, 

and development programmes

Environmental Capital (pg 28)

Human Capital (pg 41-42)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 49-57)

GRI 414: 

Supplier Social 

Assessment 2016

414-1

Suppliers screened using social 

criteria

Human Capital (pg 40, 42)

Products and Services

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and 

its boundary

pg 7, 58

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

pg 37-42, 54

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

pg 37-42, 54

GRI 416: 

Customer Health 

and Safety 2016

416-1

Health and safety impacts 

assessment of products and 

services

Human Capital (pg 37, 41-42)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 54-55)

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance

Human Capital (pg 39)

GRI 413: Local 

Communities 

2016

413-1

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, 

and development programmes

Environmental Capital (pg 28)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 49-57)

This report may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statement is subject to inherent uncertainties and is based on 

numerous assumptions. Actual performance, outcomes and results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking 

statements. Representative examples of factors which may cause the actual performance, outcomes and results to differ materially from 

those in the forward-statements include (without limitation) changes in general industry and economic conditions, interest rate trends,  

cost of capital and capital availability, availability of real estate investment opportunities, competition from other companies, shifts in 

customers’ demands, changes in operating conditions, including employee wages, benefits and training, governmental and public policy 

changes and the continued availability of financing in the amounts and the terms necessary to support future business. You are cautioned 

not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are based on current view of management of future events.

GRI CONTENT INDEX

1 External assurance is only for Sustainability Report and does not cover CapitaLand Limited Annual Report 2018.


66

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

UNITED NATIONS GLOBAL COMPACT

10 Principles of the UN Global Compact

Principles

Report Page

Human Rights

Principle 1

Businesses should support and respect the protection of internationally proclaimed 

human rights

43

Principle 2

Make sure that they are not complicit in human rights abuses

Labour

Principle 3

Businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the effective recognition  

of the right to collective bargaining

44

Principle 4

Elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour

43

Principle 5

Effective abolition of child labour

Principle 6

Elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation

Environment

Principle 7

Businesses should support a precautionary approach to environmental challenges

23-36

Principle 8

Undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental responsibility

Principle 9

Encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally friendly technologies

Anti-corruption

Principle 10

Businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, including extortion  

and bribery

19-21


67

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

ISO 26000 GUIDANCE ON SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Core Subjects

Report Page

6.2

Organisational governance 

The system by which an organisation makes and implements decisions to achieve 

its objectives.

Introduction (pg 5-14),

Organisation Capital (pg 18-22), 

Social and Relationship Capital  

(pg 49-50),

AR (pg 22-69)

6.3

Human rights 

Respect for human rights including civil and political rights as well as economic, 

social and cultural rights.

Human Capital (pg 37-48)

6.4

Labour practices 

Policies and practices relating to work performed within, by or on behalf of the 

organisation, including sub-contracted work.

Human Capital (pg 37-41, 43-48)

6.5

The environment 

Environmental impact of an organisation’s decisions and activities, such as use of 

resources, generation of pollution and wastes.

Environmental Capital (pg 23-36)

6.6

Fair operating practices

Ethical conduct in dealings with other organisations such as anti-corruption, socially 

responsible behaviour, fair competition and respect for property rights.

Organisational Capital (pg 19-21), 

Environmental Capital (pg 23, 25), 

Human Capital (pg 42)

6.7

Consumer issues 

Responsibilities to customers including having accurate, fair and transparent 

marketing information and contractual processes, as well as promoting sustainable 

consumption and designing products that are accessible by all.

Organisational Capital (pg 21),

Environmental Capital (pg 23, 25,  

27-30, 35-36),

Human Capital (pg 37-39),

Social and Relationship Capital  

(pg 54-55)

6.8

Community involvement and development 

Support for and building relationship with the community, so as to contribute to 

community development.

Human Capital (pg 37, 41, 44),

Social and Relationship Capital  

(pg 49-57)


68

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE STATEMENT

To the Management of CapitaLand Limited

CapitaLand Limited (CapitaLand) engaged Ere-S Pte Ltd (Ere-S) to carry out an independent assurance of 

CapitaLand Global Sustainability Report 2018 (the Report). The engagement took place in March and April 2019.

Scope 

The assurance encompassed the entire Report and focused on all figures, statements and claims related to 

sustainability during the reporting period January 2018 to December 2018. This covers the information provided with 

reference to the following GRI Standards disclosures listed in the Report’s GRI Content Index:

• General disclosures: organisation profile (102-8, 102-9, 102-11, 102-12, 102-13, 102-14, 102-15, 102-16,  

102-18), stakeholder engagement (102-40, 102-41, 102-42, 102-43, 102-44) and reporting practice  

(102-45, 102-46, 102-47, 102-48, 102-49, 102-50, 102-54, 102-55, 102-56)

• Economic benefit to stakeholders: market presence (202-2), indirect economic impacts (203-1)

• Business ethics: anti-corruption (205-1, 205-2, 205-3), public policy (415-1), marketing communications (417-3), 

customer privacy (418-1)

• Energy efficiency: energy (302-1, 302-2, 302-3, 302-4, 302-5)

• Water management: water and effluents (303-1, 303-2, 303-3, 303-4, 303-5)

• Biodiversity: biodiversity (304-1, 304-2, 304-4)

• Climate change and emissions: emissions (305-1, 305-2, 305-3, 305-4, 305-5), financial implications and other 

risks and opportunities due to climate change (201-2)

• Construction and operational waste: materials (301-1), effluents and waste (306-1, 306-2, 306-3, 306-4, 306-5)

• Compliance: environmental compliance (307-1)

• Supply chain management: supplier environmental assessment (308-1), supplier social assessment (414-1)

• Employment: employment (401-1, 401-3), labour/management relations (402-1), training and education  

(404-1, 404-2, 404-3)

• Occupational health &amp; safety: occupational health and safety (403-1, 403-2, 403-3, 403-4, 403-5, 403-6, 403-7, 

403-8, 403-9)

• Diversity and human rights: diversity and equal opportunity (405-1, 405-2), non-discrimination (406-1),  

child labour (408-1), forced or compulsory labour (409-1), human rights assessment (412-1), local communities 

(413-1), supplier social assessment (414-1)

• Products and services: customer health and safety (416-1), incidents of non-compliance (416-2), operations with 

local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programmes (417-3)

Ere-S also checked all management approach disclosures associated with the above topics,  

as well as new or updated historical performance data that was not verified during last year’s assurance 

engagements by Ere-S for CapitaLand’s previous sustainability report. 

A verification on the alignment of the entire Report with the Singapore Exchange (SGX)’s rules on sustainability 

reporting for listed companies was also included as part of the assurance process. 

Limitations

The assurance did not cover financial data, risk management structures, technical descriptions of buildings, 

equipment and production processes or other information not related to sustainability or already supported by 

existing documents, such as CapitaLand’s Annual Report and third-party audits and certifications (e.g. BCA Green 

Mark, LEED, ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001). 

Ere-S did not check whether all elements provided in the GRI guidance (what to report) on each disclosure had been 

fully reported and whether CapitaLand’s approaches listed in the Sustainability Development Goals (SDGs) table 

were specifically aligned with the SDGs. Ere-S did not check the content of CapitaLand’s Annual Report referred  

to in the GRI Content Index.


69

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE STATEMENT

Type of assurance and criteria

The assurance engagement was conducted in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance 

Engagements 3000 (ISAE 3000) and in line with the requirements of a Type 2 assurance of the latest AA1000 

Assurance Standard (AA1000AS 2018). 

AA1000AS consists of evaluating the company’s sustainability framework and processes using the criteria of the 

AA1000 AccountAbility Principles (AA1000APS 2018), namely inclusivity, materiality, responsiveness and impact. 

AA1000AS also requires an evaluation of the quality of the reported sustainability performance information.  

For this, Ere-S employed the reporting principles of the GRI Standards (reliability, accuracy, balance, comparability, 

timeliness, clarity, sustainability context and completeness). 

A moderate level of assurance under AA1000AS was provided for this engagement. A moderate assurance is 

restricted to desktop review, management-level evidence gathering and data verification.

The verification on SGX’s reporting rules was based on clauses 3 to 6 of the “SGX-ST Listing Rules Practice Note 7.6 

Sustainability Reporting Guide”, which include SGX reporting principles and the required five primary components of 

a report (material ESG factors, policies practices and performance, targets, sustainability reporting framework and 

board statement).

Assurance methodology

The assurance procedures and principles used for this engagement are compliant with ISAE 3000 and were drawn 

from a methodology developed by Ere-S, which consists of the following steps:

1. Identify statements and data sets, which are classified according to the relevant data owners and the type of 

evidence required for the verification process.

2. Carry out interviews with key functional managers and data owners at CapitaLand’s corporate office in Singapore. 

Data verification included the following:

 

 

• Enquiring about the quantitative and qualitative aspects of the Report disclosures, including performance 

information, policies, procedures and underlying management systems.

 

• Requesting evidence of the data sources and explanation of relevant collection and calculation methods to 

substantiate the figures and claims. This includes limited sampling of quantitative data to validate relevant 

sources and other supporting documents.

 

• Challenging the claims made in the Report and, where possible, confirming the presented evidence, including 

calculation methods, criteria and assumptions, with multiple data owners and other documentation from internal 

and external sources, such as previous CapitaLand sustainability reports.

3. Assess the collected information and provide recommendations for immediate correction where required or for 

future improvement to the Report content. 

For statements on the number (or absence) of complaints, incidents, spills and cases of non-compliance to 

regulations (GRI 205-3, 306-3, 307-1, 406-1, 416-2, 417-3, 418-1), on impacts on biodiversity, water sources and 

water bodies (303-4, 304-1, 304-2, 304-4, 306-1, 306-5) and on political contributions (415-1), Ere-S assessment was 

essentially based on confirmation by key data owners and, where applicable, internal documents from CapitaLand’s 

accounting, feedback and reporting systems.

Responsibility and independence

This statement represents the independent opinion of Ere-S, whose responsibility was to provide the assurance, 

to express conclusions in relation to the agreed scope and to prepare the assurance report and this assurance 

statement for the management of CapitaLand alone and for no other purpose. The management of CapitaLand 

was responsible for the preparation of the Report and all statements and figures contained within it. Ere-S has not 

been involved in the development of the Report or the disclosed management processes; neither has Ere-S been 

engaged by CapitaLand for other projects. The activities of Ere-S are independent of CapitaLand and contain no 

financial interest in CapitaLand’s business operations.


70

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE STATEMENT

FINDINGS AND OBSERVATIONS

Evaluation of the adherence to AA1000 AccountAbility Principles

Inclusivity - How the organisation engages with stakeholders and enables their participation in identifying material 

sustainability topics and developing an appropriate strategic response. 

CapitaLand has provided evidence demonstrating a mature and continuous engagement with employees and 

customers globally. Observed engagement platforms include regular surveys, meetings and diverse feedback 

channels, including a global whistle blowing reporting system. Engagement was observed with local government 

agencies and with contractors globally to mitigate specific concerns related to environmental, health and safety 

(EHS) and the application of relevant requirements and any new policies. Other than regular interactions with unions 

in Singapore to discuss issues affecting employees, active engagement with the other stakeholders as part of 

decision-making processes could not be substantiated at Group level. 

Materiality - How the organisation recognises and prioritises the most relevant sustainability topics based on their 

effect to it and its stakeholders.

Regular identification and review of sustainability-related issues, risks and opportunities, including setting relevant 

targets and indicators to assess performance, were observed globally and at the top levels of the organisation.  

A higher awareness of the impacts of climate change was particularly observable. This was expressed in the policies 

and risk definitions of CapitaLand’s enterprise risk management (ERM) framework. Additional efforts to refine and 

strengthen environmental and social topic priorities were also observed, through the enhanced fraud, bribery and 

corruption (FBC) framework, for example. 

Observed mechanisms to identify and review other global material issues include CapitaLand’s sustainability 

management framework and the above-described engagement channels and internal reporting platforms, including 

group-level risk assessment, hazard identification and certified EHS management structures. However, the Report 

would benefit from additional disclosure on specific local issues and how they are identified and mitigated, 

particularly in other material social aspects. This could include, for example, assessment of issues in employment 

practices in the supply chain that may go beyond the application of the requirements set by CapitaLand’s supplier 

code of conduct and contractual agreements.

Responsiveness - How the organisation responds to material sustainability topics and stakeholder feedback 

through decisions, actions, performance and communication.

Based on the assurance observations, CapitaLand actively responded to the concerns of its key stakeholders 

during the reporting period, although observed issues did not appear to be major or require operational change. 

More significant actions by CapitaLand observed during the reporting period were in response to ongoing material 

issues. These actions include continued use of green energy in Singapore and overseas, implementing a new green 

certification for serviced apartments, and investigations and information sharing following safety incidents and cases 

of non-compliance or malpractice. 

Platforms such as the corporate website, events, intranet and surveys continued to be used to share information 

about CapitaLand’s sustainability performance, strategy and policies with its stakeholders. The Report would benefit 

from additional case studies showing CapitaLand’s responses to new concerns raised by stakeholders during the 

reporting period and how effectively and promptly the organisation mitigates these concerns and communicates the 

progress made.


71

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE STATEMENT

Impact - How the organisation monitors, measures and is accountable for the direct and indirect impacts it has  

on its broader ecosystems.

Resources and processes to understand, measure, evaluate and manage CapitaLand’s environmental and  

social impacts could be evidenced during the reporting period. Environmental and safety impacts were identified, 

measured and monitored through the Group EHS framework and environmental tracking system (ETS),  

which include precise metrics and targets. CapitaLand’s FBC framework, sustainable building guidelines,  

and LBG reporting on community programmes represent examples of observable mechanisms that were integrated 

into operations to measure and monitor other direct and indirect impacts related to material topics.

In Ere-S’s opinion, there is particular room for improvement in CapitaLand’s monitoring and measuring of indirect 

impacts in its value chain, such as scope 3 emissions and the social practices of key suppliers. We commend 

CapitaLand’s recent efforts to improve measurement scope and performance data collection methods in 

environmental aspects, particularly through engagement with operational managers. This includes evaluating 

the collection of information on direct energy, embodied emissions, water usage and waste disposal at projects 

and properties where performance data is currently not collected due to lack of clear benchmarks or complete 

measurement channels. 

Evaluation of adherence to GRI reporting principles (quality of the Report content)

Overall, the Report provides clear, comprehensive and accurate coverage of CapitaLand’s sustainability profile, 

including environmental and social management approaches and performance, covering all key operations of the 

organisation and its supply chain during the reporting period. Report content is moderately balanced with a limited 

number of statements and numbers showing negative information. These pertain to work-related injuries sustained 

by the workforce and others in the supply chain, as well as incidents of non-compliance and business malpractice.

For this reporting period, we observed improvement in performance disclosures, such as the inclusion of data on 

direct heating and cooling energy, and incidents related to contractors’ workers on CapitaLand’s construction sites. 

However, Report disclosure could be further improved with the inclusion of measurements for environmental and 

social performance at certain projects and properties (see above observations under Impact). 

Data sources and other evidence provided by data owners during the assurance interviews presented good to 

high levels of accuracy, reliability and traceability. An effective examination of the data compilation and data trails 

was made possible through the ETS and the other in-house data systems such as the HR and training databases. 

Confidence in the reliability of performance information is strengthened by the internal audits carried out by the 

reporting team to validate data entries made by the diverse business units into the data systems. The accuracy  

of some key disclosures was also validated by two or more data owners.

Through the assurance process, a few inconsistencies were identified between the data sources and the relevant 

reported statements and figures. These represented minor inaccuracies and were promptly corrected by the 

reporting team. Similarly, there were only a few occurrences of sampled data that could not be explained or traced 

back to a source document, such as reports and invoices. Missing evidence or clarification was also quickly 

provided by the data owners during or after the interview.

All our major recommendations for improving the accuracy of Report disclosures were addressed by CapitaLand’s 

reporting team. The final version of the Report was crosschecked by Ere-S to validate the applied recommendations.

Evaluation of adherence to SGX rules on sustainability reporting

According to Ere-S evaluation, the Report content adheres adequately to SGX sustainability reporting principles  

and rules, including the required five primary components. 


72

CapitaLand Limited 

Global Sustainability Report 2018

Ere-S Pte Ltd is a consulting company specialising in business sustainability and provides services in the domains of sustainability reporting, sustainability 

report assurance, stakeholder engagement and training. Our assurance team is composed of assurance practitioners with expertise in corporate sustainability 

and each member is required to follow Ere-S’ assurance code of conduct, which can be found at www.ere-s.com/assurance-code-of-conduct. Ere-S is not 

responsible for any actions taken by other parties as a result of the findings presented in this assurance statement.

INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE STATEMENT

Conclusion

On the basis of a moderate assurance engagement consistent with the above-listed criteria, nothing has come  

to our attention that causes us not to believe that, in all material respects, CapitaLand’s Sustainability Report 2018 

- provides a credible and fair representation of the organisation’s sustainability profile and application of the  

AA1000 AccountAbility Principles.

- includes statements and figures that achieve an adequate level of reliability and accuracy.

The assurance findings also provide confidence that the Report has been prepared in accordance with the 

Reporting Principles of GRI Standards and the SGX requirements on sustainability reporting.

Moving forward

To further improve CapitaLand’s sustainability reporting, Ere-S recommends the following:

• As sustainability reporting requirements become more complex and critical, CapitaLand is encouraged to further 

improve the completeness of its report and the standardisation of the quality and measurement of performance 

data. This includes augmenting disclosures with performance data from projects and activities that are currently 

unmeasured or only partially measured. It also includes adding quantitative performance indicators (to achieve  

a stronger alignment with GRI standards, for example) and expanding performance measurement further into the 

value chain (indirect emissions and social impacts, for example).

 

 

In this regard, Ere-S commends the latest initiatives and plans from CapitaLand’s reporting team to evaluate 

and implement new approaches and tools to reinforce the scope and streamline the monitoring, reporting and 

validation of the Group EHS performance. 

• Ere-S reiterates its recommendation to identify and report on more negative performance or gaps, ideally in 

relation to climate change issues, stakeholder concerns, industry benchmarks, specific guidelines or best 

practices, and to follow up on mitigative actions taken by CapitaLand through the years.

The above findings, together with additional suggestions for improvement, have been presented to the management 

of CapitaLand in a more detailed assurance report. 

Singapore, 21 May 2019

Jean-Pierre Dalla Palma 

Director and Lead Certified Sustainability Assurance Practitioner 






CapitaLand Limited

Registration Number: 198900036N

168 Robinson Road

#30-01 Capital Tower

Singapore 068912

Tel +65 6713 2888

Fax +65 6713 2999

www.capitaland.com

