
PROPELLING OUR

SUSTAINABLE

GROWTH JOURNEY



CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017 – an Integrated Report 


CONTENTS

 

Introduction

12

01

President &amp; Group CEO’s Message

14

Financial Capital

15

Organisational Capital

20

Environmental Capital

34

Human Capital

45

Social and Relationship Capital

54

Material Topics &amp; Boundaries 

55

GRI Content Index

61

United Nations Global Compact

62

ISO 26000 Guidance on Social Responsibility

63

Independent Assurance Statement 


CORPORATE PROFILE  

VISION 

To be a leading global enterprise that enriches 

people and communities through high-quality real 

estate products and services. 

MISSION 

Customers: We create great customer value and 

experiences through high-quality products and 

services. 

People: We develop high-performing people and 

teams through rewarding opportunities. 

Investors: We deliver sustainable shareholder 

returns and build a strong global network of capital 

partners. 

Communities: We care for and contribute to the 

economic, environmental and social development 

of communities. 

CORE VALUES 

Respect: We believe in mutual trust and 

respect at all levels. This is fundamental to a high-

performance culture that embraces diversity and 

teamwork as One CapitaLand. 

Integrity: We embrace the highest standards of 

integrity. We have the courage to do what is right, 

and earn the trust of all our stakeholders. 

Creativity: We constantly innovate to enhance 

value and stay ahead. 

Excellence: We pursue excellence and persevere 

in everything we do. 

CapitaLand is one of Asia’s largest real estate companies. Headquartered and listed in Singapore, it is an 

owner and manager of a global portfolio worth more than S$88 billion as at 31 December 2017, comprising 

integrated developments, shopping malls, serviced residences, offices, homes, real estate investment 

trusts (REITs) and funds. Present across more than 150 cities in over 30 countries, the Group focuses on 

Singapore and China as core markets, while it continues to expand in markets such as Vietnam and 

Indonesia. 

CapitaLand’s competitive advantage is its significant asset base and extensive market network. Coupled 

with extensive design, development and operational capabilities, the Group develops and manages 

high-quality real estate products and services. It also has one of the largest investment management 

businesses in Asia and a stable of five REITs listed in Singapore and Malaysia – CapitaLand Mall Trust, 

CapitaLand Commercial Trust, Ascott Residence Trust, CapitaLand Retail China Trust and CapitaLand 

Malaysia Mall Trust.

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

01

Introduction


FY 2017 HIGHLIGHTS

Earnings Before 

Interest and Tax 

S$3,110.5 

million

Return on Equity

8.5%

Net Tangible Assets 

per Share

S$4.20

Dividend per Share

12 cents

S$2,395.5 million  

in 2016

6.6% in 2016

S$4.05 in 2016

10 cents in 2016

Operational Efﬁciency

S$140 million in utilities cost 

avoidance since 2009,  arising from 23.4% 

 

 

and 24.1% energy and water reduction

(per m2 from base year 2008) respectively 

 

Climate Change

29.4% 

reduction in carbon 

emissions intensity 

since 2008

Waste Management

4,300 tonnes 

of recyclable waste 

diverted from 

landﬁll

Diversity

About 35% of senior 

management were women 

Training Hours

Over 59 hours 

per staff

Workplace Injury Rate

2.1 (number of work-related 

injuries per million hours 

worked)

Staff Volunteerism

Over 13,500 

hours

Supply Chain Management

3 appointed main contractors who are ISO 14001 and OHSAS 

18001 certiﬁed or externally audited for EHS compliance on site 













CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

02

Introduction


CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

03

ABOUT THIS GLOBAL REPORT 

CapitaLand reiterates its commitment to sustainability with the publication of its ninth Global Sustainability Report. 

INTERNATIONAL STANDARDS AND GUIDELINES 

This report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards: Core option. 

CapitaLand was one of the first companies in Singapore to voluntarily publish its annual Sustainability Report 

and adopt the internationally recognised GRI Reporting Guidelines. This report will continue to apply the Guiding 

Principles of the International Integrated Reporting Framework and ISO 26000:2010 Guidance on Social Responsibility

. 

It also references the United Nations (UN) Sustainable Development Goals, and covers CapitaLand’s global portfolio 

and employees, including its listed real estate investment trusts CapitaLand Mall Trust, CapitaLand Commercial 

Trust, Ascott Residence Trust, CapitaLand Retail China Trust and CapitaLand Malaysia Mall Trust. 

This report has successfully completed the GRI Materiality Disclosures Service which verifies that the General 

Disclosures 102-40 to 102-49 were correctly located in both the GRI Content Index and in the text of this report. It 

includes CapitaLand’s management approach in integrating sustainability into its policies, structure, management 

and operations, outlines the Group’s sustainability journey, and provides insights into its strategies. It also highlights 

the economic, environmental and social aspects of the Group’s developments and operations, particularly in 

Singapore and China. 

CapitaLand is a signatory to the UN Global Compact. This annual Sustainability Report serves as its Communication 

on Progress (COP). The Group is a Gold Member of the Global Compact Network Singapore, a national society 

committed to promote corporate social responsibility in Singapore. 

CapitaLand participates in the annual Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) Climate Change Programme and its 

footprint is calculated in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol, developed by the World Resources 

Institute (WRI) and World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD), which sets the global standard 

on how to measure, manage and report greenhouse gas emissions. CapitaLand is taking steps to integrate the 

recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) in its reporting. 

REPORTING SCOPE AND PERIOD* 

This report covers CapitaLand’s international portfolio in over 20 countries from 1 January to 31 December 2017 

unless otherwise indicated. It covers CapitaLand’s global portfolio and employees, including its listed real estate 

investment trusts CapitaLand Mall Trust, CapitaLand Commercial Trust, Ascott Residence Trust, CapitaLand Retail 

China Trust and CapitaLand Malaysia Mall Trust. The reporting period aligns with the Group’s financial year. This 

report supplements the Group’s 2017 Annual Report which can be found at www.capitaland.com.

Through this Global Sustainability Report, CapitaLand hopes to share its sustainability commitment with its various 

stakeholders, including employees, investors, customers, business partners, suppliers and contractors, the 

community, and government and national agencies. 

In line with CapitaLand’s continued commitment to environmental sustainability, no hard copies have been printed. 

* GRI 102-45

Introduction

This and previous reports are available online at: 

www.capitaland.com/international/en/about-capitaland/sustainability/sustainability-reports.html


INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE 

CapitaLand appointed an independent third party, Ere-S Pte Ltd, a consulting company specialising in business 

sustainability, to provide independent assurance for this report. The assurance encompassed the entire Report and 

focused on all figures, statements and claims related to sustainability during the reporting period January 2017 

to December 2017.  The accuracy and reliability of the Report’s statements and figures are also validated. The 

assurance engagement was conducted in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements 

3000 (ISAE 3000). The assurance included the evaluation of the Group’s sustainability behaviour and performance, 

based on the AA1000 Assurance Standard. All underlying systems and processes that support the Group’s 

sustainability framework were reviewed, in adherence to the AA1000 AccountAbility Principles of inclusivity, 

materiality and responsiveness. The assurance also covered the Report’s overall compliance to SGX’s principles 

and rules on sustainability reporting. The independent assurance statement provides a summary of the audit report 

findings.

FEEDBACK 

Feedback from CapitaLand’s stakeholders is welcome as it enables continual improvement in the Group’s 

sustainability policies, processes and performance. Please send your comments and suggestions to

ask-us@capitaland.com. 

CapitaLand Limited 

168 Robinson Road 

#30-01 Capital Tower 

Singapo

Tel +65 6713 2888

Fax +65 6713 2999

www.capitaland.com

(Reg No. 198900036)

re 068912 

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

04

Introduction


Introduction

MANAGING SUSTAINABILITY 

SUSTAINABILITY COMMITMENT 

CapitaLand’s sustainability strategy is aligned with its credo of ‘Building People. Building Communities.’. CapitaLand 

is committed to improving the economic and social well-being of its stakeholders through the execution of 

development projects and management of its operations. In a rapidly changing business landscape, it actively 

embraces innovation to ensure commercial viability without compromising the environment for future generations.

CapitaLand upholds high standards of corporate governance and transparency to safeguard shareholders’ interests. 

It has in place an adequate and effective Enterprise Risk Management framework to enhance its business resilience 

and agility. CapitaLand’s proactive approach towards environmental, health and safety (EHS) management, which 

incorporates universal design into its developments, ensures that its properties are future-proof and sustainable. 

Policies and guidelines are put in place to ensure the efficient use of energy, water and other resources.

CapitaLand’s integrated human capital strategy aims to recruit, develop and motivate employees to drive growth 

for the Group. Community development is an important component of CapitaLand’s commitment to sustainability. It 

focuses on providing support to enhance the lives of underprivileged children through corporate philanthropy and 

employee volunteerism.

CapitaLand was one of the first companies in Singapore to voluntarily publish its annual Sustainability Report and 

externally assure the entire report. Benchmarking against an international standard and framework that is externally 

validated helps CapitaLand to overcome the challenges in sustainability reporting that arise from its diversified asset 

types and geographical presence.

CapitaLand is a signatory to the UN Global Compact and its Global Sustainability Report serves as its 

Communication on Progress, which will be made available at www.unglobalcompact.org when published.

For its efforts, CapitaLand is listed in the Sustainability Yearbook, Dow Jones Sustainability World Index and 

Asia Pacific Index, Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark (Regional Sector Leader for Asia, Diversified), 

FTSE4Good Index Series, MSCI Global Sustainability Indexes, Euronext VigeoEiris Indices World 120, STOXX® 

Global ESG Leaders Indices and SGX Sustainability Indices.

Some of the awards and accolades obtained by CapitaLand Group and its properties are listed in page 68-70 of the 

CapitaLand Annual Report 2017.

The Board also approves the executive compensation framework based on the principle of linking pay to 

performance. The Group’s business plans are translated to both quantitative and qualitative performance targets 

including sustainable corporate practices and are cascaded throughout the organisation.

BOARD STATEMENT

CapitaLand is committed to sustainability and incorporates the key principles of environment, social and governance 

(ESG) in setting out its business strategies and operations.

The CapitaLand Board sets the Group’s risk appetite, which determines the nature and extent of material risks 

that the Group is willing to take to achieve its strategic and business objectives. The risk appetite incorporates 

ESG factors such as Fraud, Corruption and Bribery, Environment, Health and Safety. 

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

05


Introduction

CapitaDNA  

(Vision, Mission, Credo and Core Values)

Board of Directors

Sustainability Council

Environment 

Sustainability 

Work Team

Social 

Sustainability 

Work Team

Sustainability Steering Committee

All Staff

Sustainability Management Structure

Pursue 

Respect at all levels

Integrity at all levels

Creativity to enhance value 

Pursue Excellence

People

Develop a high 

performance culture 

that embraces diversity 

and teamwork

Investors

(including business 

(staff)

partners)

Deliver sustainable 

shareholder returns

Customers

(tenants, shoppers, 

home owners, 

residents)

Create great customer 

value and experiences 

through high-quality 

products and services

Communities

(suppliers/contractors, 

government agencies/ 

NGOs, environment, 

community)

Contribute positively 

to the economic, 

environmental and 

social development of 

communities

TOP MANAGEMENT COMMITMENT AND STAFF INVOLVEMENT

CapitaLand’s sustainability management comes under the purview of its Sustainability Council, comprising 

CapitaLand’s top management. It is supported by a Sustainability Steering Committee which oversees two work 

teams to ensure the Group’s continued progress and improvement in the areas of ESG. The Sustainability Steering 

Committee and work teams comprise representatives from all business units. The CapitaLand Board of Directors is 

updated regularly through the Risk Committee and Audit Committee on matters relating to sustainability risks and 

business malpractice incidents. The Board is also updated on the sustainability management performance of the 

Group, key material issues identified by stakeholders and the planned follow up measures.

* GRI 102-46, 102-47

MATERIALITY* 

CapitaLand has a regular review, assessment and feedback process in relation to ESG topics. Key to this is 

an annual Group-wide Risk and Control Self-Assessment exercise which entails the identification, assessment 

and documentation of material risks and corresponding internal controls. Such material risks include fraud and 

corruption, environmental, health and safety, and human capital risks which are ESG-relevant. Other existing 

channels for feedback to ensure relevance of issues include:

CapitaLand identifies and reviews material issues that are most relevant and significant to the Group and its 

stakeholders. These are prioritised based on the likelihood and potential impact of issues affecting business 

continuity and development. For external stakeholders, priority is given to issues important to the society and 

applicable to CapitaLand. This report covers CapitaLand’s international portfolio in over 20 countries unless 

otherwise indicated. For more information on stakeholder engagement, please refer to the Social and Relationship 

Capital, Human Capital and Environmental Capital chapters.

Environment

Regular dialogue/feedback sessions with government agencies (e.g. Building and 

Construction Authority, National Environment Agency)  

Active participation in Singapore Green Building Council

Social

Regular dialogue with government agencies and unions  

Active participation in Singapore Workplace Safety and Health Council  

Regular employee engagement survey

Governance

Engagement with Securities Investors Association (Singapore) (SIAS) for its annual 

Corporate Governance Conference  

Engagement where appropriate with Singapore Exchange

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

06


Financial

Organisational

Manufactured1

Environmental

Human

Social and relationship

Earnings

• 

Equity

• 

Investments

• 

Assets

• 

Leadership and culture

• 

Corporate governance

• 

Risk management

• 

Environmentally sustainable, 

• 

healthy, safe and accessible 

quality buildings

Innovative and sustainable 

• 

construction methods and technologies 

Carbon emissions

• 

Energy management

• 

Water stewardship

• 

Waste and resource management 

• 

Health and safety

• 

Job creation and security

• 

Learning and development

• 

Beneﬁts and remuneration

• 

Stakeholder relations 

• 

Social license to operate

• 

Partners

• 

Community development

• 

People 

Develop high-performing people 

and teams through rewarding 

opportunities

Investors 

(including business partners)

Deliver sustainable shareholder returns 

and build a strong global network of capital 

partners

Customers

(tenants, shoppers, home owners, residents)

Create customer value and experiences 

through high-quality products and 

services

Communities

(including suppliers/contractors)

Care for and contribute to the 

economic, environmental 

and social development of 

communities

Capital

Stakeholder Commitment

* GRI 102-46, 102-47

CREATING VALUE FROM CAPITAL

The Guiding Principles of the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) Framework were referenced in this 

report, and the capitals were categorised into six areas – Financial, Organisational, Manufactured, Environmental, 

Human, and Social and Relationship.

Introduction

Prioritisation of ESG Material Issues

Environment

Social/Labour Practices

Governance

Critical 

Climate change and emissions 

reduction 

Water management

Occupational Health &amp; Safety 

Employment 

Stakeholder engagement  

Supply chain management

Compliance 

Business ethics 

Product and services*

Moderate and emerging

Building materials 

Construction and operational waste  

Biodiversity

Diversity 

Human rights

* This includes customer health and safety.

1 CapitaLand’s commitment and performance to provide environmentally sustainable, healthy, safe and accessible quality buildings, using 

  innovative and sustainable construction methods and technologies can be found in Environmental, Human and Social and Relationship Capital 

  chapters.

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

07








.  















CapitaLand is committed to:  

Reduce water consumption, reuse water and prevent water pollution, especially in   

• 

countries where the availability of clean water and sanitation are of concern.  

Reduce energy consumption through energy efﬁciency and encourage renewable  

• 

energy sources. 

Green its operational portfolio by 2030. 

• 

Actively embraces innovation to ensure commercial viability without compromising  

• 

the environment for future generations. 

Future-proof its developments by addressing the risks of climate change 

• 

right from the design stage. 

Preserve the biodiversity of its sites as well as the wider area where possible. 

r

• 

For more information, please refer to chapter on Environmental Capital.





For more information, please refer to chapter on Human Capital.



CapitaLand adopts a strong stance against bribery and corruption. 

All employees are required to make an annual declaration to uphold the core values  

• 

and not to engage in any corrupt or unethical practices. 

Requires certain of its agreements with third-party service providers and vendors to 

 

• 

incorporate anti-bribery and anti-corruption provisions. 

Require main contractor to ensure no child labour and forced labour at the CapitaLand

project sites.  

• 

Supply Chain Code of Conduct to influence its supply chain to operate responsibly in the 

areas of anti-corruption, human rights, health and safety, as well as environmental management.  

• 

CapitaLand is a signatory to UN Global Compact. 

• 

For more information, please refer to chapters on Organisational Capital, Human Capital,

and Social and Relationship Capital. 

CapitaLand Hope Foundation (CHF), CapitaLand’s philanthropic arm, believes in investing  

in the fundamental needs of education, healthcare and shelter of underprivileged children  

to relieve them of hardship and help them to eventually break the poverty cycle .

2

For more information, please refer to chapter on Social and Relationship Capital.

CapitaLand believes that regardless of ethnicity, age or gender, employees can make a 

signiﬁcant contribution based on their talent, expertise and experience. We adopt 

consistent, equitable, and fair labour policies and practices in rewarding as well as

developing employees under the direct hire of CapitaLand. 

CapitaLand is a signatory to UN Global Compact. 

Occupational health and safety is of utmost importance to CapitaLand, including all its 

employees, tenants, contractors, suppliers and the communities who use its properties. 

CapitaLand aims to provide a work environment that is safe and contributes to the general 

well-being of its employees.

For more information, please refer to chapter on Human Capital.

Introduction

UN SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS (SDGS)

The UN SDGs call on companies everywhere to advance sustainable development through the investments 

they make, the solutions they develop, and the business practices they adopt. In doing so, the goals encourage 

companies to reduce their negative impacts while enhancing their positive contribution to the sustainable 

development agenda. 

Some of CapitaLand’s key efforts and programmes in relation to the key SDGs are highlighted below.

2 SDG1 No Poverty includes targets such as ensuring equal rights to economic resources. SDG2 Zero Hunger includes targets such as ending all 

  forms of malnutrition. Both targets are in line with CHF’s work to provide education, healthcare and shelter for underprivileged children.

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

08


Introduction

RISKS, CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES

CLIMATE CHANGE

CapitaLand understands the impact that climate change can have on its portfolio. It has been reporting on climate-

related risks in its Sustainability Report. The Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) was created 

by the Financial Stability Board (FSB), an international body set up by the G20 to monitor risks to the financial 

system. It recommended a framework to give investors, lenders and underwriters greater clarity on how future-proof 

a company is in a world that is getting worryingly warmer, and is an attempt to move climate-related issues into the 

mainstream of financial filings. Some of CapitaLand’s efforts to integrate TCFD recommendations in its reporting are 

listed below. 

Governing

Climate-Related

Risks and

Strategy

Strategy

and Risk

Management

The CapitaLand Board sets the Group’s risk appetite, which determines the nature 

and extent of material risks that the Group is willing to take to achieve its strategic 

and business objectives. The risk appetite incorporates ESG factors such as 

Environment (including climate change).

CapitaLand’s sustainability management comes under the purview of its 

Sustainability Council, comprising members of CapitaLand’s top management. It is 

supported by a Sustainability Steering Committee which oversees two work teams 

to ensure the Group’s continued progress and improvement in the areas of ESG.

Physical Risks

Climate change brings about different effects in different geographies including 

rising sea levels, violent storms, long intense heat waves, flash floods and fresh 

water depletion. 2017 was the second hottest year on record according to NASA 

data, and was the hottest year without the short-term warming influence of an El 

Niño event. The ways in which CapitaLand portfolio could be impacted by such 

physical risks are diverse, complex and uncertain. 

Transitional Risks

The challenge for each nation is to strengthen its resilience against climate change 

risks, manage its greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and achieve economic growth 

in a sustainable manner. As countries are rallying for actions to mitigate climate 

change, more stringent regulations may be expected and companies may be faced  

with increased expectations from stakeholders. 

In Singapore, the government announced plans to increase water prices by 30% 

over two years starting from June 2017. It also announced that all facilities 

producing 25,000 tonnes or more of GHG in a year will have to pay a carbon tax 

from 2020. The carbon tax will be S$5 per tonne of GHG from 2019 to 2023. The 

government will review the carbon tax rate by 2023, with plans to increase it to 

between S$10 and S$15 per tonne of emissions by 2030. Such measures will also 

impact inefficient end users with increased operational costs.

The China government has enacted two new environmental protection laws on 1 

January 2018. The first will formalise the tax collected from industrial polluters 

under a uniform set of national rules at a levy of between 1.2 yuan and 12 yuan for 

every 0.95 kg of nitrogen oxide or sulphur dioxide they release. Previously, such 

companies were charged an emissions discharge fee. Another law will help combat 

water pollution more effectively in the country.

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

09


3 

DEMOGRAPHIC SHIFTS

As people lead longer lives, countries will increasingly encounter challenges of ageing populations in their urban 

spaces. The pace of the world population ageing is accelerating. By 2030, many middle-income countries would 

have aged considerably. By 2050, those aged 60 years or over are projected to account for 35% of the population 

of Europe, 28% of Northern America, 26% of Latin America and the Caribbean, 24% of Asia, 23% of Oceania, 

and 9% of Africa3. In this regard, CapitaLand has taken the lead in implementing social integration designs into its 

Sustainable Building Guidelines. For its new Singapore projects, a target has been set to achieve Universal Design 

Gold as assessed by Singapore’s Building and Construction Authority. 

For more information, please refer to Social and Relationship Capital Chapter.

World Population Ageing 2017 report, United Nations, Department of Economic and Social Affairs, Population Division (2017)

Introduction

Strategy

and Risk

Management

Metrics and

Targets

Operational 

CapitaLand has tracked and reduced its operational carbon emissions since 2008, 

and disclosed related metrics in its annual Sustainability Report. It has a long-term 

carbon emissions target to reduce its carbon emissions intensity by 30% by 2030 

from its 2008 baseline. It is also reviewing its target to set a science-based carbon 

reduction target and an internal carbon price.

Green Building Investment

CapitaLand aims to future-proof its developments by addressing the risks of 

climate change right from the design stage.

 

 

• Green rating target for all new developments

 • Green certification of its existing properties by 2030

For more details, please refer to Environmental Capital Chapter.

Response

Climate-related risks and opportunities are identified and mitigated through 

CapitaLand’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework, and its externally 

certified ISO14001 Environmental Management System (EMS).

CapitaLand has been reducing energy and water consumption and encouraging 

the use of renewable sources in its operational properties. It aims to future-proof its 

developments by addressing the risks of climate change right from the design 

stage through the implementation of its CapitaLand Sustainable Building Guidelines 

(SBG). SBG aims to address issues of adaptation and mitigation, as the local 

context of each project will be studied in detail, and appropriate measures will be 

taken in consideration of climate change. SBG also sets guidelines for buildings to 

be less energy reliant, e.g. setting green rating targets above legal requirements, 

and also encourage the use of renewable energy whenever possible. 

CapitaLand is looking into conducting climate-related scenario analysis consistent 

with the recommendations, wherever possible, using commonly agreed 

sector/subsector scenarios and time horizons. This will help to better anticipate and 

manage climate risks, as well as identify climate-related opportunities. 

CapitaLand is positioned to face such challenges as it has in place a target to 

achieve green certification of its existing properties by 2030. It is ISO 14001 

certified for its EMS in 15 countries. It recognises the importance of innovation in 

managing its environmental footprint and differentiating the company from its 

peers. It encourages the use of innovative green features in its developments. 

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

10


INDUSTRY TRANSFORMATION 

As the pace of technological advancement within and outside of the real estate sector quickens, consumer spending 

and the culture of work will change.

CapitaLand recognises the importance of innovation in managing its environmental footprint, improving the resilience 

of the properties and differentiating the company from its peers. It encourages innovative green features in its 

developments. More than S$2.5 million has been invested in innovative features for two of its projects. For more 

information, please refer to Environmental Capital Chapter.

In anticipation of the technological change and its impact on the skillsets of its staff, CapitaLand has in place a series 

of programmes to upskill its staff to ensure they remain relevant and contribute to the company. This includes the 

“Be Future Ready Learning Event” and CapitaLand Family Day Digital Festival. For more information, please refer to 

Human Capital Chapter.

CapitaLand organised a series of activities to engage its retail tenants in Singapore with its 2017 programme 

focusing on millennials and phygital retailing. For more details, please refer to Social and Relationship Capital 

Chapter. 

Introduction

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

11


President &amp; Group CEO’s Message

At CapitaLand, we recognise that the long-term success of our business is closely intertwined with the health and 

prosperity of the communities we operate in. As CapitaLand works towards transforming city living globally, we 

believe in integrating sustainability to build a resilient and sustainable real estate of the future.

We share the United Nations Global Compact’s (UNGC) commitment to deliver lasting benefits to people and 

communities. Before becoming a signatory in 2015, we had been adopting universal principles on human rights, 

labour, the environment and anti-corruption, as well as taking strategic actions that advance the development of 

society. 

In 2017, CapitaLand delivered a set of resilient and healthy financial results of S$3.1 billion in earnings before interest 

and tax (EBIT), with the Group’s return on equity at 8.5%, up from 6.6% in 2016.  As we continue to expand into new 

cities and businesses, we remain resolute and steadfast in maintaining a high standard of integrity and have the 

courage to do what is right when conducting our business and interacting with stakeholders. We do not condone any 

form of business malpractice or impropriety and we adopt a zero-tolerance policy on corruption and bribery. Staff 

found engaging in such acts will be dealt with seriously. We have also instituted a code of conduct to ensure these 

ethical values permeate throughout our supply chain.

Our core markets, Singapore and China, made national level commitments as part of the Paris Agreement on Climate 

Change. In Singapore, a carbon tax will be imposed from 2020 and staggered increases in water prices have been 

implemented from June 2017. In China, two new environmental protection laws were enacted to better combat 

industrial and water pollution more effectively, with effect from 1 January 2018. 

CapitaLand understands the need to continually improve our operational efficiency and reduce our carbon emission 

intensity. As at end 2017, we have achieved green certification for more than 55% (by m2) of our global portfolio of 

owned and managed properties, and are diligently working towards achieving certification for the remainder of our 

portfolio by 2030. We also managed to reduce energy and water intensity (per m2) by 23.4% and 24.1% respectively 

for our operational properties and reduced our carbon emission intensity by 29.4%, compared to the base year 2008. 

This amounted to utilities cost avoidance in excess of S$140 million for the Group since 2009.



(Left to right) Lim Ming Yan, President &amp; Group CEO of CapitaLand Group and Director of 

CapitaLand Hope Foundation and Ms Low Yen Ling, Chairman of Mayors’ Committee and 

Mayor of South West District, engaging with Hua Yi Secondary School students who won the 

Best Design Award from CapitaLand Young Architect Programme.

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

12

Dear Stakeholders,


President &amp; Group CEO’s Message

We invested more than S$2.9 million through CapitaLand Hope Foundation to benefit underprivileged children in 

markets where we operate, and over S$0.5 million in other community development initiatives. In 2017, over 1,600 

staff in CapitaLand properties tapped on the paid volunteer service leave provided and contributed more than 

13,500 volunteer hours to play their part in building communities.

We are glad that our efforts have been recognised globally. CapitaLand remain the only Singapore company to 

receive the “Silver Class” distinction in real estate, in RobecoSAM’s The Sustainability Yearbook. We remain listed 

in the Dow Jones Sustainability World and Asia Pacific Index, FTSE4Good Index Series, MSCI Global Sustainability 

Indices, Euronext VigeoEiris Indices World 120, and STOXX® Global ESG Leaders Indices. 

To continue delivering long term value to our stakeholders, we must remain a purpose driven company, adapt quickly 

to the changing environment, stand resolute against any misconduct as trusted stewards of our stakeholders, and 

continue to upskill our staff. This sustainability journey will take continual effort. We thank all our stakeholders for 

their continued support and together we can improve the economic, environmental and social well-being of the 

communities we operate in.

LIM MING YAN

President &amp; Group CEO

CapitaLand Group 

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

13

In today’s changing landscape, we are committed to upskill our staff. In 2017, we organised the “Be Future-Ready 

Learning Event”, a full day event with industry experts sharing insights on digital revolution, and dealing with online 

negativity. Over 1,290 staff invested more than 5,500 hours attending training on topics including analytics and 

innovation. CapitaLand also partnered with Singapore’s Economic Development Board (EDB) in a skills development

and innovation programme named CapitaLand ELEVATE. This programme aims to upskill CapitaLand’s staff and

develop technology-enablers for the company to seize opportunities to build real estate of the future. The

programme will enable CapitaLand to create people-centric products, services and experiences. 


Financial Capital

CapitaLand Group achieved S$4.6 billion total revenue and S$3.1 billion earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) 

from its continuing operations for the year ended 31 December 2017. Total net profit after tax and minority interests 

(PATMI) was S$1.55 billion. Reflecting the strength of its underlying businesses, operating PATMI grew 5% to reach 

S$908.3 million and earnings per share (EPS) was 36.5 Singapore cents. Including total paid out dividends of 12 

Singapore cents per share, the total shareholders’ return was 20.2% and return on equity in 2017 was 8.5%.

Sound risk management coupled with good corporate governance policies and practices are vital in driving the 

Group’s long-term sustainable growth and shareholder value. For a detailed breakdown of its 2017 financial results, 

five-year financial summary, economic value added statement and value added statement, please refer to the 

following sections in the CapitaLand Limited Annual Report 2017:

• Financial Highlights FY2017, page 4-5

• 5-Year Financial Summary, page 6

• Performance Overview, page 76-82

• Economic Value Added Statement, page 251

• Value Added Statement, page 252

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

14


Organisational Capital

CapitaLand strived, where applicable, to align its policies and practices to regional and international standards, 

surveys or indices including: 

ISO 14001 – Environmental Management 

OHSAS 18001 – Occupational Health and Safety Management 

ISO 26000 – Guidance on Social Responsibility 

Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI) 

Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark (GRESB) 

Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) 

FTSE4Good Index Series 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

CapitaLand (including its subsidiaries) is committed to upholding the highest standard of corporate governance, 

integral to ensuring the sustainability of the Group’s business as well as safeguarding shareholders’ interests and

maximising long-term shareholder value. This is in line with the Principles of the Code of Corporate Governance 2012.

 

To demonstrate its commitment in upholding the highest standards of corporate governance, CapitaLand and its

Singapore listed REITs, joined the Securities Investors Association (Singapore) (SIAS) and its partners in making the

following public Statement of Support:

CapitaLand was the Platinum Sponsor at the eighth Singapore Corporate Governance Week (organised by the 

SIAS) in September 2017 where business leaders, academics and policy makers shared corporate governance 

perspectives and experiences. 

 

 

 

“As an Organisation, we are committed to upholding high standards of corporate 

governance to enhance shareholder value. We believe, practising good corporate 

governance is central to the health and stability of our ﬁnancial markets and economy.” 

CapitaLand continued to receive accolades from the investment community for excellence in corporate governance. 

It was accorded the Golden Circle Award as the overall winner for the Singapore Corporate Governance Award at the 

SIAS 18th Investors’ Choice Awards. It topped the Singapore Corporate Governance Award for Big Cap and Real 

Estate categories. It was also a winner of the inaugural Sustainability Award and Shareholder Communication 

Excellence Award. 

CapitaLand was ranked second out of 606 companies in the Singapore Governance and Transparency Index 2017. 

This annual study was conducted by the National University of Singapore Business School’s Centre for Governance, 

Institutions and Organisations.

For detailed disclosure on the application of its corporate governance practices with reference to the Code, please 

refer to the Corporate Governance Report on pages 28-59 in CapitaLand Limited Annual Report 2017. Where there 

are deviations from any of the guidelines of the Code, an explanation has been provided within the Annual Report. In 

addition, the company has included its answers to the questions in the Disclosure Guide provided by the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (SGX-ST) on pages 51 to 59 of the Annual Report. 

BOARD INDEPENDENCE, DIVERSITY AND PERFORMANCE

All Board committees are chaired by independent non-executive Directors. The Audit Committee, Executive Resource 

and Compensation Committee, Nominating Committee and Risk Committee comprise only independent non-executive 

Directors. For more information, please refer to the CapitaLand Limited Annual Report 2017, page 30-32. 

The current Board has diversity of skills and knowledge, experience, educational background, ethnicity and gender. 

Each Director brings to the Board skills, experience, insights and sound judgement which, together with his or her 

strategic networking relationships, serve to further the interests of the Group. In 2017, three new independent 

Directors joined the board bringing with them extensive and diverse experience.  For more information, please refer 

to CapitaLand Limited Annual Report 2017, page 14-20.

 

 

•

 

•

 

•

 

•

 

•

 

•

 

•

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

15


Staff

Supply Chain

Code of Conduct Policy Suite including

o CapitaLand Global Principles on Ethical

   Business Conduct1 

o Bribery and Corruption Prevention Policy

Annual declaration through the ‘CapitaLand Pledge’

to uphold CapitaLand’s core values, and not to

engage in any corrupt practices

Relevant training

• 

• 

• 

Bribery and Corruption 

• 

Prevention Policy 

CapitaLand Supply

Chain Code of Conduct2,

and anti-corruption

clause in key contracts

• 

Feedback Channels

• 

Whistle Blowing Reporting 

• 

• 

 

Communication/

Signing of Code

of Conduct

Organisational Capital

Global Sustainability Report 2017

Each year, the Nominating Committee undertakes a process to evaluate the effectiveness of the Board as a whole 

and the Board Committees. An external consultant is engaged to facilitate the evaluation process for the Board’s 

performance in FY 2017. The consultant is independent of and is not related to the company or any of its Directors.

As part of the process, questionnaires are sent by the consultant to the Directors and Management and interviews are 

conducted where required. The objective of the interviews is to seek clarifications to the feedback obtained from the 

responses in the questionnaires, during which broader questions might also be raised to help validate certain survey 

findings. 

The evaluation categories covered in the questionnaire included Board composition, information management, Board 

processes, corporate integrity and social responsibility, managing company performance, strategy review, Board 

Committee effectiveness, President &amp; Group CEO (P&amp;GCEO) performance and succession planning, Director 

development and management, and managing risk and adversity. The findings and the recommendations of the 

consultant which include benchmarking information and best practices of other boards, are considered by the Board 

and follow up action is taken where necessary.

In respect of individual Directors, a formal evaluation is carried out by the NC as and when a Director is due for 

retirement by rotation and is seeking reelection.

CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT

The Group adheres to an ethics and code of business conduct policy which deals with issues such as confidentiality, 

conduct and work discipline, corporate gifts and concessionary offers. Clear policies and guidelines on how to 

handle workplace harassment and grievances are also in place. 

The detailed policies and guidelines are published on the Group’s intranet and accessible by all staff. The policies 

CapitaLand has implemented aim to help detect and prevent occupational fraud in three main ways: 

First, the Group offers fair compensation packages, based on practices of pay-for-performance and promotion based 

on merit, to its staff. The Group also provides various healthcare subsidies and financial assistance schemes to 

alleviate the common financial pressures its staff face. 

Second, clearly documented policies and work procedures incorporate internal controls which ensure that adequate 

checks and balances are in place. Periodic audits are also conducted to evaluate the efficacy of these internal 

controls. 

Finally, the Group seeks to build and maintain the right organisational culture through its core values, educating its 

staff on good business conduct and ethical values.

Business Malpractice Incident (BMI) Reporting

BMI Reporting

1 CapitaLand has set four Global Principles on Ethical Business Conduct which are implemented globally across all strategic business units, covering

the areas of marketing of products and services, offering of business courtesies, accepting business courtesies and managing business

relationships. It reiterates key areas for ethical business conduct.  

 2 Progressively being rolled out from end 2017

Managing Risk Of Bribery And Corruption

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

16


Organisational Capital

Bribery And Corruption Prevention Policy 

The Group adopts a strong stance against bribery and corruption. In addition to clear guidelines and procedures for 

the giving and receipt of corporate gifts or concessionary offers, all staff of the Group are required to make a 

declaration on an annual basis when they pledge to uphold the core values and not to engage in any corrupt or 

unethical practices. This serves as a reminder to all staff to maintain the highest standards of integrity in their work 

and business dealings. 

The Group’s zero-tolerance policy against bribery and corruption extends to its business dealings with third-party 

service providers and vendors. Pursuant to this policy, the Group requires that certain agreements with third-party 

service providers and vendors incorporate anti-bribery and anti-corruption provisions. 

A whistle-blowing policy and other procedures are in place to provide the Group’s staff and external parties who 

have dealings with the Group, with well-defined, accessible and trusted channels to report suspected fraud, 

corruption, dishonest practices or other improprieties in the workplace. It also allows for the independent 

investigation of any reported incidents and appropriate actions for follow up. The objective of the whistle-blowing 

policy is to encourage the reporting of such matters – that staff or external parties making any reports in good faith 

will be able to do so with confidence that they will be treated fairly, and to the furthest extent possible, be protected 

from reprisal.

This is reinforced by the Group Policy and Procedure on Business Malpractice Incidents (BMIs) Reporting that 

facilitates line/functional managers to swiftly report any BMI discovered in their workplace or in the course of their 

work, directly to their CEOs. Substantiated BMI cases are reported quarterly to the CapitaLand Audit Committee and 

shared with the Risk Champions regularly. Operationally, risk champions from the different Strategic Business Units 

(SBUs) and corporate functions, as well as various specialist support functions, are tasked to develop, implement 

and monitor risk management policies, methodologies and procedures in their respective areas. Actions taken may 

include the termination of staff contract, and/or reporting to the appropriate external authorities. In 2017, there were 

17 BMI cases substantiated and the appropriate actions were taken. None of the cases were pertaining to 

anti-competitive or money laundering behaviour. 

CapitaLand made no payment/donations to politicians or political parties as it expects its projects to be judged on 

their merits.

Dealings In Securities 

CapitaLand has adopted a securities dealing policy for the Group’s officers and staff which applies the 

recommendations based on best practices in the Listing Manual. It issued guidelines to Directors and staff in the 

Group, which sets out prohibitions against dealings in the company’s securities (i) while in possession of material 

unpublished price-sensitive information, (ii) during the two weeks immediately preceding, and up to the time of the 

announcement of, the company’s results for each of the first three quarters of its financial year and, (iii) during the 

one month preceding, and up to the time of announcement of, the company’s results for the full financial year. Prior 

to the commencement of each relevant period, an email would be sent out to all Directors and staff of the Group to 

inform them of the duration of the period. 

Directors and staff of the Group are also prohibited from dealing in securities of the company and other relevant 

listed entities in the Group if they are in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information of the company and 

other listed entities by virtue of their status as Directors and/or staff. As and when appropriate, they would be issued 

an advisory to refrain from dealing in the relevant securities. Under the policy, Directors and staff are also 

discouraged from trading on short-term or speculative considerations. They are also prohibited from using any 

information with respect to other companies or entities obtained in the course of their employment, in connection 

with securities transactions of such companies or entities.

Other Ethical Management Issues 

CapitaLand is committed to best practices and complies with the relevant legislations and requirements. 

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

17


Organisational Capital

CapitaLand supports the ethical marketing of its products and services, including the marketing of residential 

projects, commercial leasing or serviced residence sales. As such, we adhere to the Singapore Code of Advertising 

Practice (SCAP) and any other rules and regulations that apply. The SCAP was formulated against the background of 

national law, international law and practice, including the International Code of Advertising Practice published by the 

International Chamber of Commerce. 

CapitaLand has updated its communications/ marketing Code of Conduct and shared it with the communications and 

marketing heads of department. 

CapitaLand ensures that timely and accurate information is disseminated in the markets that it operates. This is 

particularly important in our residential developments where marketing collaterals and ‘show flats’ presentations are 

done as accurately as possible to avoid misleading potential homebuyers. In Singapore, CapitaLand adheres to the 

Urban Redevelopment Authority’s Housing Developers Rules. Shopping mall and office building marketing activities, 

such as advertisements and promotions (A&amp;P), are generally guided by external A&amp;P consultants where CapitaLand 

stipulates they ensure compliance to local marketing requirements.

Training  

CapitaLand implemented initiatives to ensure that all staff understand the Group’s core values and principles that 

shape the way the Group works and functions. This is a compulsory module in the CapitaLand Immersion Programme 

(CIP) for new staff from various countries. For existing staff, there are dedicated training courses in Singapore such as 

“CapitaDNA: Strengthening Core Values”, where specific examples and applications of the company’s core values in 

the workplace are shared. As the majority of CapitaLand staff are based in China, this training module is also offered 

there. In 2017, more than 50 new staff from Singapore and other countries participated in CIP. More than 1,400 staff 

attended the CapitaDNA courses in Singapore, China, Malaysia and Vietnam. In addition, over 580 staff clocked in 

over 2,100 hours of training pertaining to ethics and code of conduct, such as preventing and detecting money 

laundering, profiling and investigation techniques. 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT (ERM)

Risk management is an integral part of CapitaLand’s business at both the strategic and operational levels. A 

proactive approach towards risk management supports the attainment of CapitaLand’s business objective and 

corporate strategy of ONE CapitaLand, thereby creating and preserving value. 

CapitaLand recognises that risk management is just as much about opportunities as it is about threats. To capitalise 

on opportunities, the company has to take measured risks. Therefore, risk management is not about pursuing risk 

minimisation as a goal, but rather optimising the risk-reward relationship within known and agreed risk appetite levels. 

CapitaLand takes risks in a prudent manner for justifiable business reasons. Its Board of Directors is responsible for 

the governance of risk across the Group. 

CapitaLand’s ERM Framework is adapted from the ISO 31000 International Risk Management Standards. It also takes 

reference from the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) Internal 

Control-Integrated Framework and other relevant best practices and guidelines. It sets out the required environmental 

and organisational components which enable the Group to manage risks in an integrated, systematic and consistent 

manner. The ERM Framework and related risk management policies are reviewed annually and previously validated 

by external consultants.

A robust internal control system and an independent review and audit process are the twin pillars that underpin the 

Group’s ERM Framework. While the line management is responsible for the design and implementation of effective 

internal controls using a risk-based approach, the Internal Audit function reviews such design and implementation to 

provide reasonable assurance to the Audit Committee on the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal control 

system. 

Annually, the Risk Assessment Group (RAG) facilitates and coordinates the Group-wide Risk and Control 

Self-Assessment exercise that requires business and corporate executive leaders to proactively identify, assess and 

document material risks as well as the corresponding key controls and mitigating measures needed to address them. 

Material risks and their associated controls are consolidated and reviewed at the Group level before they are 

presented to the Risk Committee, Audit Committee and the CapitaLand Board. 

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

18


Organisational Capital

Awareness and preparedness for potential risks affecting its business continuity help CapitaLand minimise the impact 

of disruption to its business operations. CapitaLand has a Business Continuity Management Policy to guide the 

business units in the implementation of business continuity plans. Periodic exercises were conducted and results 

recorded and continual improvements made. With increased reliance on Information Technology (IT) as a business 

enabler, CapitaLand has in place Group-wide policies and procedures which set out the governance and controls of 

IT risks, including cyber-risks. Appropriate measures are in place to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and 

availability of CapitaLand’s information assets. This includes implementing access controls, building up data security, 

raising staff’s IT security awareness through activities such as phishing campaigns, and conducting IT disaster 

recovery exercise annually to ensure business recovery objectives are met.

CapitaLand believes that having the right risk culture and people with the right attitude, values and knowledge are 

fundamental to the Group’s success. Therefore, the RAG continues to proactively enhance risk management 

knowledge by conducting regular workshops targeted at different levels and functions, and to promote a culture of 

risk awareness which embeds risk management principles in decision making and business processes.

Sustainability risks identified include fraud, corruption and bribery risk, environmental risk, health and safety risk.

Based on the ERM framework established and the reviews conducted by Management, both internal and external 

auditors, as well as the assurance from the P&amp;GCEO and the Group CFO, the Board concurs with the 

recommendation of the Audit Committee and Risk Committee and is of the opinion that the system of risk 

management and internal controls within the Group is adequate and effectively addresses the financial, operational, 

compliance and IT risks which the company considers relevant and material to its current business environment as at 

31 December 2017.

For more information regarding Risk Assessment and Management in CapitaLand, please refer to the CapitaLand 

Limited Annual Report 2017, pages 60-63.

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

19


CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

20

Environmental Capital

CapitaLand is committed to minimising its environmental impact as a real estate owner, developer and manager. 

It believes that lowering the environmental footprint of its buildings through innovation creates value for its 

stakeholders. 

It incorporates environmental sustainability in its life cycle management, in all stages of a project, from feasibility, 

design, procurement, construction, operation to redevelopment. Monitoring environmental impacts is integral to 

its business operations, as efficient use of environmental resources such as energy and water contributes to the 

operational efficiency and long-term sustainability of the company. 

The following elements are CapitaLand’s material environmental aspects of business functions including investment, 

property development, property management as well as corporate office management. 

* GRI 102-40, 102-42, 102-43, 102-44

Material Issues, 

Context and 

Business Case

Global Greenhouse 

• 

gas (GHG) emissions 

at unsustainable level

Rising demands for 

• 

energy, compounded 

by ﬁnite resources 

Water scarcity, 

• 

accessibility and 

security

Waste generation at 

• 

unsustainable rates; 

Land scarcity for 

• 

waste disposal

Cost pressure from 

• 

resource scarcity

Interdependence 

• 

between ecosystems 

and the wellbeing of 

the community

 

Policy and 

Objectives

Identify opportunities in managing its property portfolio to deliver long-term beneﬁts

• 

Identify and respond to climate change risks

• 

Reduce energy consumption and encourage renewable energy sources

• 

Reduce water consumption, encourage use of treated/recycled water and rainwater harvesting

• 

Manage waste through construction efﬁciency and encourage recycling

• 

Manage biodiversity to contribute positively to the natural environment 

• 

Engage stakeholders to play their part

• 

Accountability

CEOs are Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) Champions

• 

ISO 14001 certiﬁed Environmental Management System (EMS) ensures accountability to relevant 

• 

managers and all staff

Setting of key performance indicators (KPIs), linked to remuneration for all staff; track performance 

• 

via an Environmental Tracking System (ETS)

Method/

Action Plan

Environmental Management System (EMS)

Legal compliance

• 

Identiﬁcation of aspect and management of impact 

• 

Sustainable Building Guidelines - including Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) and stakeholder 

• 

consultation

Appointment of ISO 14001 certiﬁed main contractors or conduct EMS legal compliance on-site 

• 

Green Operations – EMS SOPs

• 

KPIs

Green rating target for new buildings and major refurbishments 

• 

Green existing property portfolio

• 

Eco-efﬁciency targets: Improve performance through tracking of energy and water usage, waste 

• 

generation and carbon emissions 

Stakeholder engagement 

• 

Stakeholder 

Engagement

Be part of national making policy

• 

Collaborate with NGOs

• 

Require and indicate preference for ISO 14001 main contractors/vendors

• 

Share CapitaLand EHS policy with suppliers and service providers

• 

Share and encourage end users, including tenants, shoppers, residents and the general 

• 

community, to adopt environmentally sustainable habits 

FRAMEWORK*

Water

Biodiversity

Waste

Climate Change and Energy 

The efﬁcient use of environmental resources such as energy and water contributes to the operational

efﬁciency and long-term sustainability of the company, mitigates risks such as compliance and climate change,

and presents new opportunities in differentiating the company in the markets that it has a presence in.  

CO2


Environmental Capital

MITIGATING CLIMATE CHANGE RISKS AND IDENTIFYING OPPORTUNITIES

Climate change risks and opportunities are identified and mitigated through CapitaLand’s Enterprise Risk 

Management (ERM) framework and the externally certified ISO14001 Environmental Management System. 

CapitaLand is positioned to face such challenges as it has in place a target to achieve green certification of existing 

properties by 2030. It is also ISO 14001 certified for its Environmental Management System in 15 countries.

CapitaLand is taking steps to integrate the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial  

Disclosures (TCFD1) in its reporting.

TOP MANAGEMENT COMMITMENT AND STAFF INVOLVEMENT

CapitaLand’s EHS Committee maintains the Group’s EHS Management System. Each Strategic Business Unit 

(SBU) also has its own EHS Committee to drive initiatives in countries where they operate with support from various 

departments. The CapitaLand EHS Committee doubles up as the CapitaLand Environment Sustainability Working 

Team and supports the work of CapitaLand’s Sustainability Steering Committee. Please refer to Introduction Chapter 

for details of the Sustainability Management Structure.

All staff are involved in reducing CapitaLand’s environmental footprint. They are encouraged to be forthcoming and 

to report all incidences of environmental-related issues and complaints, and incidences of non-compliances and 

non-conformities.

1 This taskforce was created by the Financial Stability Board (FSB), an international body set up by the G20 to monitor risks to the financial system. 

  It recommended a framework to give investors, lenders and underwriters greater clarity on how future-proofed a company is in a world that is 

  getting worryingly warmer, and is an attempt to move climate-related issues into the mainstream of financial filings. The financial risks from 

  climate change, outlined in this report, range from abrupt changes in energy costs and hiked insurance premiums, to property damage from 

  floods and storms and the upfront cost of low-emissions technology.

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS (KPIs) TIED TO REMUNERATION

To measure its performance, CapitaLand has incorporated KPIs, most of which are linked to remuneration for its staff 

including top management.

(Accountable for EHS

implementation in their operating

platforms, and countries  

where it has presence)

CapitaLand Environmental, Health and Safety Management Structure 

Sustainability Council

CEOs

EHS Champions 

(Accountable for SBU EHS Performance)

Sustainability Steering 

Committee

Social 

Sustainability 

Work Team

Environment 

Sustainability Work Team / 

EHS Committee

 All Staff

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

21


CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

22

Environmental Capital

2 Iconic projects refer to Raffles City developments, Grade A offices and projects involving a star architect.

3 Green Building Evaluation Label (GBEL) administered by China’s Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development.

4 Green Building Index (GBI) is Malaysia’s industry recognised green rating tool for buildings to promote sustainability in the built environment.

5 This is computed from 40 completed projects and projects under construction, based on their submissions for BCA Green Mark and LEED green rating.

6 This is based on computation of data from 126 properties in 2009, 142 in 2010, 148 in 2011, 164 in 2012, 161 in 2013, 172 in 2014, 174 in 2015, 

  178 in 2016 and 192 in 2017. Excluded properties undergoing asset enhancement initiatives and newly operational properties. Cost avoidance is 

  computed by multiplying the absolute energy (kWh) and water (m3) savings against the annual average tariff rate for Singapore on a business-

  as-usual (BAU) basis.

2017 Key Performance Indicators

Targets

Performance

Environmental 

Management 

System (EMS) 

ISO 14001 certiﬁcation for its EMS 

in all markets with investment 

properties 

Risk management of environmental 

aspects and impacts 

Retained ISO 14001 certiﬁcation in 15 countries covering all 

markets with investment properties 

Having an annually audited EMS provides assurance to top 

management and external investors on the company’s compliance 

and alignment to best practices 

Supply Chain 

Management 

All main contractors appointed 

to be ISO 14001 certiﬁed 

or, to comply fully with local 

environmental laws and 

regulations, annually audited by an 

independent accredited assessor 

Three main contractors appointed in 2017, two are ISO 14001

certified, and one is in the process of getting certified. In the interim,

it will comply fully with local OHS laws and regulations and the site

will be audited by an independent accredited assessor

Resource 

Consumption 

Management 

All new development projects to 

meet minimum green rating target set

Singapore – Green Mark 

• 

GoldPLUS award 

Overseas – certiﬁcation by a green 

• 

rating system administered by 

a national government ministry/

agency or a WGBC recognised 

Green Building Council; one level 

higher than certiﬁcation for iconic 

projects2

Achieved

5 LEED, 15 Green Mark, 1 Green Building Evaluation Label

• 

3

Total of 163 green ratings achieved for its new development projects 

and existing buildings – 122 Green Mark, 22 LEED, 10 Green Building 

Evaluation Label, 2 Green Star, 2 CASBEE, 2 BREEAM, 1 DGNB, 1 

GBI and 1 LEED (India)

Estimated energy and water reduction exceeding S$ 31 million (over 

150,000 MWh/year and 1.3 million m3/year) from these projects5 , while 

estimated carbon emission reduction is about 87 million kgCO2e/year 

Five projects under development designed to harvest renewable 

energy on-site 

All existing buildings to achieve a 

minimum green rating

Singapore – by 2020 

• 

Overseas – by 2030

• 

93% of CapitaLand’s existing buildings in Singapore (by m2) has at 

least a Green Mark Gold rating 

48% of CapitaLand’s existing buildings overseas (by m2) has 

achieved a green rating 

Operational 

Efﬁciency

0.5% energy reduction and 0.5% 

water reduction per m2 (vs. 2016 

for like-for-like set of properties) 

Reduce carbon emissions intensity 

by 23% by 2020, and 30% by 2030 

Reduce energy intensity by 20% 

by 2020, and 25% by 2030 

Reduce water intensity by 20% by 

2020, and 30% by 2030 

(using 2008 as the base year) 

4.3% and 0.7% reduction in energy and water consumption per m2 

(vs. 2016) 

Reduced 5.2% carbon emissions intensity (vs. 2016) 

Achieved 29.4% carbon emissions reduction, 23.4% energy reduction 

and 24.1% water reduction per m2 (using 2008 as the base year) 

Achieved cost avoidance in excess of S$140 million6    from utilities 

savings since 2009 for its operational properties 

Energy and water saving initiatives implemented in 2017 may lead 

to an estimated reduction of 14,000 MWh (8.7 million kgC Oe) and 

2

360,000 m3 of potable water per year.

Stakeholder 

Engagement

Organise environmental outreach 

activities to encourage an 

environmental mindset among staff 

and stakeholders 

Over 280 CapitaLand properties participated in WWF Earth Hour, 

pledging to go beyond the hour with year-long sustainable initiatives 


Environmental Capital

MANAGING OUR ENVIRONMENTAL FOOTPRINT

CapitaLand’s Environmental Management System (EMS) is a key tool in managing the Group’s environmental 

footprint across its global and diverse portfolio, with more than 12,500 staff. This EMS, together with CapitaLand’s 

Occupational, Health and Safety Management System (OHSMS) are integrated as CapitaLand’s Environmental, 

Health and Safety Management System (EHSMS). CapitaLand’s EHSMS is audited by a third-party accredited 

certification body to ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 standards. ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 are internationally 

recognised standards for the environmental management of businesses and occupational health and safety 

management of businesses respectively.

CapitaLand’s EHS Committee and the SBU EHS Committees are responsible for driving the EHSMS.

Since 2012, the Group achieved ISO 14001 certification for its EMS in 15 countries8 – Singapore, Australia, Belgium, 

China, France, Germany, India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Philippines, Spain, Thailand, United Kingdom (UK) and 

Vietnam – covering all markets with investment properties managed by CapitaLand. This encompasses all business 

functions including property development, property management as well as corporate management and operations.

RISK MANAGEMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL ASPECTS AND IMPACTS

As part of the certified EMS, new or updated legal requirements are reviewed quarterly and compliance is evaluated 

annually. In 2017, CapitaLand complied with the environmental laws and regulations in Singapore, Australia, 

Belgium, France, Germany, India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Philippines, Spain, Thailand, UK and Vietnam. Despite 

all efforts to ensure compliance, there was one non-compliance incident in China where a property’s discharge to 

the municipal sewer exceeded the stipulated standards. Thorough investigations were conducted and all necessary 

follow-up action immediately undertaken. Lessons learnt from the incident were shared across business units, and 

the Group’s commitment to environmental sustainability was reinforced.

 

CapitaLand’s EMS provides a systematic process to manage the Group’s environmental impact and to continuously 

improve its environmental performance. A key element is to identify and manage significant environmental aspects 

of its business operations that can potentially have a negative impact on the environment. The significance level of 

each environmental aspect and impact is assessed using a risk assessment technique based on factors comprising 

the likelihood of the occurrence, severity of the impact and control measures implemented.

CapitaLand strives to minimise impacts such as resource depletion, carbon emissions and waste generation. This 

is done by setting environmental targets such as green building rating targets, carbon emissions, energy, water and 

7 This EHS Policy was developed for the understanding and implementation by all staff in CapitaLand.

8 This excludes countries where CapitaLand does not have any investment projects.

CapitaLand Environmental, Health and Safety Policy7 

As an international corporate social citizen, CapitaLand is committed to protecting the environment and upholding 

the occupational health and safety of everyone in the workplace*, and will: 

Carry out exemplary Environmental, Health and Safety practices to minimise pollution and health and safety risks 

• 

Seek continual improvement on its Environmental, Health and Safety performance 

• 

Comply with pertinent legislations and other requirements 

• 

Implement the CapitaLand Sustainable Building Guidelines and Occupational Health and Safety programmes 

• 

We make this policy readily available to all staff, suppliers, service providers and partners.

*This includes implementing an EHS Management System.

paper usage reduction targets, stakeholder engagement activities, and implementing various measures to achieve 

them. The targets are linked to the remuneration to staff including top management. For more details, please refer to 

the table “2017 Key Performance Indicators”.

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

23


CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

24

Environmental Capital

TRAINING

To facilitate effective implementation of CapitaLand’s EHSMS, training and awareness programmes are planned and 

conducted for all staff. New staff are inducted to the EHSMS, as well as CapitaLand’s EHS policy and briefed on the 

roles they play. For the implementation of CapitaLand’s EHSMS, Heads of Departments in administration, operations, 

and project development, including heads of operating properties, design managers and project managers, 

undergo more detailed training. In 2017, more than 7,600 CapitaLand staff attended at least one EHS-related training 

amounting to more than 103,000 training hours.

To overcome the challenge of its extensive international portfolio, CapitaLand has a “Train the Trainer” method for 

its EHS Implementor Training Programme. This ensures that there are trainers based in countries where CapitaLand 

operates to minimise travelling by trainees. An e-learning module on Introduction to EHS was launched in 2016.

GLOBAL INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL AUDITS

CapitaLand has in place an internal audit system to ensure the conformance and effective implementation of its 

EMS to ISO 14001 international standards. Internal audits are conducted in the 15 markets where it has investment 

properties at least once a year covering at least 50% of the sites in each country. External audits are conducted 

annually by a third-party accredited certification body.

HIGH PERFORMANCE SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENTS AND ASSETS

Green building ratings and certifications help assure and demonstrate the quality of CapitaLand projects and 

portfolio. These ratings serve as an external validation that key environmental aspects have been considered in the 

Group’s project design, development and operations.

GREEN BUILDING RATING

Green building rating targets are determined at the outset of CapitaLand projects9. This aids in resource 

management as green rated buildings are more resource efficient to construct and operate.

The target for Singapore projects is minimum Green Mark GoldPLUS, two levels above the legal requirement of Green 

Mark Certification, administered by the Building and Construction Authority (BCA) in Singapore. The target for 

projects outside Singapore is certification by a green rating system administered by a national government ministry/ 

agency or a World Green Building Council (WGBC) recognised Green Building Council. The green rating target for 

iconic projects outside Singapore is set at one level above certification.

Greening Existing Buildings in the Portfolio

CapitaLand is committed to achieving minimum Green Mark certification for its existing stock of properties by 2020, 

in support of the Singapore government’s Green Building Master Plan. It has also set an internal target to green all 

its existing properties outside Singapore by 2030 with each achieving minimum certification level by a green rating 

9 This is for new projects or development projects with gross floor area of at least 2,000 m2.

system administered by a national government ministry/agency or a WGBC recognised Green Building Council. As 

at end 2017, it has already achieved green certification of more than 55% (by m2) of its global portfolio.


LIFE CYCLE MANAGEMENT: CAPITALAND SUSTAINABLE BUILDING GUIDELINES

CapitaLand’s Sustainable Building Guidelines (SBG) is an in-house guide developed since 2007 to ensure 

environmental considerations are factored in at all stages of a project, from feasibility, design, procurement, 

construction, operation to redevelopment. It covers developments and refurbishments, and joint venture 

developments where CapitaLand has management control and the largest stake. The SBG is regularly reviewed 

to ensure continuous improvement, with a focus on four key objectives of minimising carbon footprint and 

energy consumption, water management, generation of waste, and promoting biodiversity in the life cycles of its 

developments. Originally titled Green Buildings Guidelines, it was renamed in 2014 to reinforce the company’s 

holistic approach towards sustainability.

Mitigating Climate Change Risks And Identifying Opportunities Through Design

Climate change brings about different effects in different geographies such as rising sea levels, violent storms, long 

intense heat waves, flash floods and fresh water depletion. As countries rally for action to mitigate climate change, 

more stringent regulations may be expected and companies will face increased expectations from stakeholders. By 

adopting the SBG, CapitaLand aims to future-proof its developments by addressing the risks of climate change right 

from the design stage. The localised context of each project is to be studied in detail, and appropriate measures 

taken in consideration of climate change. SBG also sets guidelines for buildings to be less energy reliant, e.g. setting 

green rating targets above legal requirements, and also encourage the use of renewable energy whenever possible. 

CapitaLand developments that are future-proofed against changing climatic conditions and of higher operating 

efficiency would likely be valued by stakeholders.

ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT ASSESSMENT (EIA)

A key component of the SBG is the mandatory Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA). An EIA is carried out during 

the feasibility stage of any development project. The significant findings of the EIA and their cost implications, if any, 

are incorporated in the investment paper submitted to the Board of Directors for approval.

The EIA focuses on identifying any environmental threats or opportunities related to the project site and its 

surroundings, covering areas such as floods, biodiversity, air quality, noise, connectivity, heritage and resources.

Biodiversity

CapitaLand is committed to preserving the biodiversity of its sites as well as the wider area wherever possible. This 

is done by addressing any distinctive ecological features of the site, taking into consideration nature reserves on or 

near the site, protecting plant and animal species on the site and removing invasive plant species on or near the site. 

External experts will be engaged to provide expert advice where appropriate.

With its focus on gateway cities in Asia, most CapitaLand projects and properties are located in urban and built-

up areas. There are no sites located within protected areas and no material biodiversity risk identified. Instead, 

CapitaLand encourages greenery within its projects as it enhances the liveability of the project for its end-users and 

vitality of the surrounding communities over the long term. SBG encourages the use of certified wood and other more 

sustainable wood materials and products, such as composite wood, engineered wood and bamboo. In China, a

number of CapitaLand residential projects feature composite wood or engineered wood for their interior finishings. 

Some possible concerns to biodiversity include the flow out of waste or toxic materials from construction sites and

properties. With CapitaLand’s EMS, this flow out (e.g. waste water), if any, is monitored and minimised.

Environmental Capital

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

25


Environmental Capital

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

26

Life Cycle Management

OBJECTIVES

INNOVATION

Minimise Carbon Footprint and Energy 

Consumption

Understand and minimise the amount of 

• 

embodied carbon

Use energy-efﬁcient equipment

• 

R

• 

educe direct and indirect carbon emissions 

(through consumption of fuelled energy) from 

construction and operation activities

Use renewable energy

• 

Enhance Biodiversity

• Create, enhance and conserve habitat for 

ﬂora and fauna, particularly protected species, 

both on-site and in the wider area

• Consultation with experts, local authorities 

and communities

• Eliminate or minimise environmental impacts 

to site through control measures

• Use more sustainable materials like certiﬁed 

wood and bamboo

Minimise Resource Depletion

Reuse of grey water and rainwater harvesting

• 

Use water-efﬁcient ﬁttings

• 

Minimise Generation of Waste

• Adopt Building Information Modelling (BIM)

• Implement reduce, reuse and recycle waste 

hierarchy for building components and 

materials

TRAINING OF STAFF

STAKEHOLDER AND COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT

PROCUREMENT

 









































DESIGN

Embed environmental targets

• 

Meet green building rating target 

• 

Use more sustainable material 

• 

Adopt BIM

• 

Appoint ISO 14001 

• 

certiﬁed main 

contractors

Procure more 

• 

sustainable material

CONSTRUCTION

Monitor environmental 

• 

indicators

OPERATIONS

REDEVELOPMENT

• 

• 

• 

Evaluate green features

Track performance

Sustainable operations

• 

Carry out feasibility

study

FEASIBILITY

• 

• 

• 

Conduct environmental

impact assessment

Identify opportunities

for innovation

Set targets


RAFFLES CITY SHENZHEN, CHINA 

LEED-CS (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design Core &amp; Shell)

US Green Building Council 

Raffles City Shenzhen is an integrated development that comprises a shopping mall, grade A office tower, 

and serviced residences, sited along Nanhai Boulevard which connects two of Shenzhen’s financial centres.

Connectivity and Green Transport 

Raffles City Shenzhen is well-served by public transport, including the existing Metro Line 9, and a future Metro 

Line 12. Metro Line 9 is directly connected to Raffles City Shenzhen’s Basement 1. More than 280 secured 

bicycle lots, as well as changing and shower facilities, are provided to encourage green transportation. It also 

set aside 12% of parking lots as priority parking spaces: more than 60 parking lots for low emissions and fuel-

efficient vehicles and more than 50 parking lots for carpooled vehicles located near carpark elevators.

Sustainable Building Material and Construction Waste Management 

Regionally sourced materials accounted for about 32% of total material cost. This included materials and 

products such as concrete, glass, window frames, reinforcements. Materials with recycled content constituted 

at least 12% of total materials cost used during construction. Low-emitting volatile organic compound materials 

(such as paint, adhesives and sealants) has been used to improve the indoor environmental quality. 

During the construction period, the contractors diverted more than 82% of construction waste from landfill 

disposal or incineration, for reuse on-site or recycling.

E

Wind and sunlight simulation and analysis were conducted to maximise daylighting and reduce heat gain in the 

development, as well as improve thermal comfort. High efficiency mechanical equipment are installed, such 

as energy efficient air-conditioning system with high performance cooling towers and variable speed drives for 

pumps. Other features include high-efficiency lighting system and daylight control. Solar heating water system 

and condenser heat recovery system are installed to preheat the hot water supply for the serviced residences, 

which will help save almost 14% of heating requirements from natural gas combustion.

Total operational energy usage reduction is estimated to exceed 8%10, or 2,390 MWh/year. This will help 

mitigate more than 1,180 tonnes of carbon emissions per year.

Water Conservation 

The selection of native and climate-tolerant plants and efficient irrigation system for its landscaping is estimated 

to reduce irrigation water requirements by 60%. Through the use of water-efficient fixtures, condensate water 

recycling and rainwater harvesting for landscape irrigation, toilet flushing and floor washing, it is estimated that 

potable water consumption will be reduced by more than 40% (about 19,000 m3/year).

The overall estimated annual utility savings exceeds RMB 3.1 million (S$650,000).

Greenery and Stakeholder Engagement 

More than 30% of the total site area was set aside for landscaping and greenery and the amount of open space 

exceeded local zoning requirements by 50%. The mall’s roof garden offers a nature-inspired environment for 

shoppers to take in the panoramic views of Nanshan Park, while its plaza is linked to the adjacent Nanshan 

Park with ample public space for visitors to enjoy. Throughout the development, native and climate-tolerant 

plant species of Shenzhen are selected to promote biodiversity and minimise irrigation requirements.

Green fit-out guidelines are made available to tenants to encourage environmentally sustainable behaviour. 

Raffles City Shenzhen has rolled out CapitaLand’s smart building innovations under its strategy of integrating 

technology with its real estate business to meet the needs of tomorrow’s customers. Shoppers, serviced 

residence guests and working professionals are enjoying seamless offline and online customer experiences, 

including an in-mall navigation tool, smart car parks, online payment options, and more. 

10 This is compared with the minimum energy efficiency standard, or base requirements for buildings designed to reduce energy consumption, set 

   by the American Society of Heating, Refrigerating, and Air-Conditioning Engineers (ASHRAE).

Environmental Capital

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

27


Environmental Capital

CARBON EMISSIONS

CapitaLand is committed to address climate change risks through the 

reduction of its energy consumption as well as its other carbon emissions 

in its business operations. It is aware that the building sector accounts for 

around 30-40% of global energy use and more than 30% of global CO2 

emissions12. Improving energy efficiency represents the largest and most 

cost-effective way to mitigate those emissions. CapitaLand is working 

towards setting an internal carbon price for its global portfolio.

CapitaLand’s total carbon emissions13 (Scope 1, 2 and 3) in 2017 was 

656,158 tonnes CO2e. Operational properties14 account for the largest 

proportion of CapitaLand’s Scope 1 and 2 emissions and remain the focus 

of CapitaLand’s energy efficiency initiatives. CapitaLand’s corporate offices 

account for 0.5% of total carbon emissions.

CapitaLand Environmental Tracking System 

CapitaLand developed an in-house online Environmental Tracking System (ETS) to better track energy and 

water usage, waste generation and carbon emissions of its managed and owned operational properties. 

These include CapitaLand’s ofﬁce buildings, shopping malls, serviced residences and integrated 

developments worldwide. 

The management team of each property submits monthly data and uploads supporting documentation online. 

The consolidated data is analysed at the SBU and Group levels against reduction targets. This facilitates a better 

understanding of consumption patterns and identiﬁcation of areas for eco-efﬁciency improvements. 

Since 2012, ETS includes the tracking of energy and water usage of CapitaLand development sites as well as 

energy and paper consumption of CapitaLand’s corporate ofﬁces in Singapore and overseas. 

Regular desktop audits are conducted to minimise data entry inaccuracies. 

CapitaLand Eco-efﬁciency Commitments 

CapitaLand established long-term and annual targets for the reduction of carbon emissions, energy and water 

usage per m2 in its properties worldwide. It is reviewing its carbon emissions intensity to set a science-based

carbon reduction target11.

 

Long-term targets (using 2008 as base year): 

Reduce carbon emissions intensity by 23% by 2020, and 30% by 2030 

• 

Reduce energy intensity by 20% by 2020, and 25% by 2030 

• 

Reduce water intensity by 20% by 2020, and 30% by 2030 

• 

TRACKING OUR ENVIRONMENTAL RESULTS

Total Carbon Emissions 

Scope 1, 2 and 3 (%)

3.6%

0.2%

96.2%

11 This will be based on the Science Base Target Initiative (SBTi). SBTi is a collaboration between CDP, World Resources Institute, World Wide 

   Fund for Nature (WWF) and the United Nations Global Compact. The initiative recognises organisations aligned with the COP21 Paris 

   Agreement to keep the rise in global temperature below 2°C.

12 “Buildings for Our Future”, GBPN in partnership with KPMG, 2013.

13 This is computed mostly from purchased electricity consumption under Scope 2, and some direct energy consumption under Scope 1 as 

 defined by the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol (operational control approach) and using individual country CO2 emission factors retrieved 

   from the IEA Statistics – CO2 emission factors from fuel combustion 2017 edition. Scope 3 emissions are computed from staff business travel by air.

14 The Group’s portfolio of operational properties increased from 142 in 2008, 167 in 2009, 182 in 2010, 195 in 2011, 210 in 2012, 199 in 2013, 204 

   in 2014, 228 in 2015, 244 in 2016 and 263 in 2017.

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

28

2017




CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

29

Environmental Capital

600,000 

500,000

400,000

300,000

200,000

100,000

0

Total Carbon Emissions* 

(tonnes CO2e)

700,000 

318,123

338,932

410,908

474,587

489,418

522,529

557,633

656,158

Carbon Intensity 

(kgCO2e/m2/month)

14

12

10

8

6

4

2

0

1,200,000

1,400,000

1,000,000

800,000

600,000

400,000

200,000

0

Energy Usage* 

(MWh)

Energy Intensity 

(kWh/m2/month)

20

18

16

14

12

10

8

6

12.0

10.0

8.0

6.0

4.0

2.0

0

Water Usage*

(million m3)

Water Intensity 

(m3/m2/month)

0.22

0.20

0.18

0.16

0.14

0.12

0.10

0.08

0.06

0.04

465,616

2008

2009

2010

2013

2014

2016

2017

2015

2012

2011

2008

2009

2010

2013

2014

2016

2017

2015

2012

2011

445,106

2008

2009

2010

2011

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

2008

2009

2010

2011

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

China (including Hong Kong)

Other Asia (excluding Singapore &amp; China)

Singapore

Europe &amp; Others

541,332 

571,918 

681,076 

724,155 

816,012 

846,749 

893,725 

951,301 

1,062,431 

1,229,785

10.9

10.5

9.6

8.8

8.2

8.1

7.5

6.9

6.0

5.8

CapitaLand Group Average

Serviced Residences

Commercial

Integrated Developments

Shopping Malls

2008

2009

2010

2011

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

2008

2009

2010

2013

2014

2016

2017

2015

2012

2011

29.4% reduction since 2008

23.4% reduction since 2008

24.1% reduction since 2008

* GRI 102-48


Operational Properties Carbon Emissions Intensity (kgCO2e/m2)

Despite an increase in absolute carbon emissions due to an expanded property portfolio, CapitaLand continued to 

reduce its carbon emissions intensity15 to 5.06 kgCO2e/m2/month, a 29.4% reduction compared to 2008 intensity 

levels. Compared to baseline intensity levels, an estimated 178,000 tonnes of CO2e emissions was avoided in 2017.

Embodied Carbon – Development Projects

The carbon emissions from direct and indirect energy consumption at 26 construction projects was approximately 

18,900 tonnes in 2017.

CapitaLand also aims to minimise its carbon footprint not only through reducing carbon emissions arising from the 

consumption of fuelled energy from its construction and operation activities but also from the embodied carbon in the 

production and distribution of building materials. For six projects in China that were completed in 2017, embodied 

carbon emissions arising from materials usage at these projects was about 690,000 tonnes16 or 688 kg/m2. The data 

collated is based on the entire construction period.

ENERGY

In 2017, the Group’s operational properties’ and corporate offices’ total energy consumption was 1,229,785 MWh 

(4.43 million GJ). Indirect energy consumption accounted for about 89.8% (3.98 million GJ) and direct energy 

consumption from gas, diesel and other fuels accounted for about 10.2% (0.45 million GJ17) of total energy 

consumption.

CapitaLand’s corporate offices in 13 countries accounted for 0.3% of the Group’s total energy consumption in 2017. 

The offices consumed 2,648 MWh of electricity, a 35% improvement in the electricity consumption per m2 compared 

to 2009.

26 CapitaLand projects under construction in Singapore, China and Vietnam consumed about 33,050 MWh of energy. 

Operating Properties Energy Intensity (kWh/m2)

Despite an increase in total energy use due to expansion in its operational portfolio, CapitaLand reduced its 

energy intensity18 measured in kWh per m2 by 23.4% from base year 2008. Using a ‘Business as Usual’ (BAU19) 

methodology, it is estimated that more than 580,000 MWh of energy consumption was avoided, resulting in an 

estimated cost avoidance of S$135 million since 2009.

The reduction in energy intensity or energy usage per m2 is computed at the property and SBU level. The reduction 

targets are KPIs for the property managers and the SBU CEOs.

The Group continues to implement various energy conservation measures, some of which are listed below. It also 

focuses on innovation to reduce energy consumption.

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

30

Environmental Capital

15 Computation of carbon emissions intensity excludes new properties which have been in operation for less than 12 months, properties 

   undergoing asset enhancement initiatives (AEI) and corporate offices. The number of properties are 127, 145, 152, 174, 189, 175, 191, 174, 178 

   and 192 for the period from 2008-2017 respectively.

16 The materials are concrete, cement, sand and aggregate, steel, bricks, aluminum, glass, paint, ceramic tiles and granite. Densities and 

   coefficients used for computation of the embodied carbon emissions of these materials are obtained from the Inventory of Carbon &amp; Energy 

   (ICE) Version 2.0.

17 Direct energy consumption from gas, diesel and other fuels (gasoline) are approximately 421,251 GJ, 18,740 GJ and 11,441 GJ respectively.

18 Computation of energy intensity excludes new properties which have been in operation for less than 12 months, properties undergoing asset 

   enhancement initiatives (AEI) and corporate offices. The number of properties are 127, 145, 152, 174, 189, 175, 191, 174, 178 and 192 for the 

   period from 2008-2017 respectively.

19 The assumption is that energy consumption in subsequent years will continue at 2008 levels (base year) unless energy improvement measures 

    are adopted. 


Renewable Energy

While energy efficiency is the most cost-effective and material way for CapitaLand to reduce carbon emissions, it 

also encourages the use of renewable sources to avoid emissions. However, this remains challenging due to limited 

rooftop space where they should be optimally installed.  In 2017, 0.6% (about 7,500 MWh) of the Group’s total energy 

use was from renewable energy sources, which helps to mitigate about 3,950 tonnes of carbon emissions. Six 

properties in Singapore and China had on-site renewable energy systems. Thirty-three properties in India, France, 

Germany and Belgium purchased full or partial green power (component of electricity generated from renewable 

sources). 

WATER

A strategic approach to water management and quality enhances the efficiency, resilience and long-term value of 

the Group’s portfolio. CapitaLand is committed to reducing water consumption, reusing water and preventing water 

pollution, especially in countries where the availability of clean water and sanitation are of concern. A regular survey 

was conducted to better understand water source and discharge for each property. Almost all of CapitaLand’s 

operational properties’ water consumption is derived from municipal supplies20.

In 2017, the Group’s operating properties’ total water consumption was about 10.9 million m3. This includes the use 

of 955,000 m3 of recycled water21 and collected rainwater.

CapitaLand recognises the importance of effectively managing water consumption and the quality of water run-off 

leaving its project sites and requires its main contractors appointed to be ISO 14001 certified and monitor the waste 

water discharge into watercourse or sewer. Twenty-two CapitaLand projects under construction in Singapore, China 

and Vietnam consumed about 699,000 m3 of water. At its Singapore development sites, waste water is generally 

recycled and reused for vehicular washing.

20 Four properties extract groundwater for use with the appropriate treatment system in place. Meters are installed to monitor water usage. This 

   usage accounts for about 1% of CapitaLand’s total water usage.

21 Mostly NEWater, treated waste water produced by PUB, the national water agency of Singapore, which has been further purified using 

Environmental Capital

Focus

Initiatives

Consumption 

Reduction

Natural ventilation to reduce air-conditioning demands 

• 

Sun shading, cool paints to reduce heat gain 

• 

Use of daylight, sun pipes/light shelves to reduce the need for artiﬁcial lighting

• 

Energy Efﬁciency 

Upgrade to more efficient air-conditioning equipment

• 

Use more efficient lighting such as T5 with electronic ballast, LED (light-emitting diode)

• 

Conduct energy audits at properties to improve energy efﬁciency

• 

Control, Metering 

and Monitoring

Dimmers/ occupancy sensors/ daylight sensors 

• 

Sub-metering systems to provide detailed energy information 

• 

Building Management Systems 

• 

Renewable Energy

Encourage use of renewable energy and purchase of green power

• 

   advanced membrane technologies and ultraviolet disinfection.

22 Computation of water intensity excludes new properties which have been in operation for less than 12 months, properties undergoing asset 

   enhancement programmes and corporate offices. The numbers of properties are 123, 141, 148, 169, 186, 172, 188,171, 175 and 189 for the 

   period from 2008-2017 respectively.

Operating Properties Water Intensity (m3/m2)

The increase in water consumption is largely attributed to the expansion of the Group’s property portfolio, as well as 

increased activities carried out in the properties and weather conditions. CapitaLand reduced its water intensity22 

measured in m3/m2 by 24.1% from baseline year 2008. The reduction in water usage per m2 is computed at the 

property and SBU level. This forms a critical part of the KPI for the property managers and the SBUs.

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

31


CapitaLand continues to implement the following initiatives to ensure efficient operations and minimise water 

wastage.

WASTE MANAGEMENT

Waste Recycled

CapitaLand aims to manage waste at its properties responsibly. As waste generated at its operational properties 

is mostly from its tenants, residents and the general public, CapitaLand engages its stakeholders through various 

means to minimise and recycle waste. Recycling bins are made available at its properties for its tenants, shoppers 

and serviced residence guests.

CapitaLand implements waste management strategies as part of its EMS. However, data in certain countries and 

properties is not readily available or cannot be consolidated due to local supply chain issues. In 2017, more than 

4,300 tonnes of recyclable waste23 was collected from 95 properties in 15 countries. 

 

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

32

Environmental Capital

The Global E-Waste Monitor 201724 highlighted increasing levels of e-waste and that improper and unsafe 

treatment and disposal could pose considerable environmental and health risks. The amount of e-waste is 

expected to increase a further 17% to 52.2 million tonnes by 2021, especially with the proliferation of electrical 

devices and new models being launched.

CapitaLand launched an e-waste recycling initiative at seven of its office buildings and 10 of its malls in 

Singapore in 2016 to make e-waste recycling more accessible to its tenants and shoppers, and ensure proper 

disposal and recycling through engaging with certified e-waste vendors25. 

In 2017, the total amount of e-waste collected at these 17 properties was 22,550 kg. 

Its serviced residences in Australia and Europe also offer similar e-waste recycling programmes where the 

collected e-waste is sent to appointed vendors or local collection points for proper processing.

Focus

Initiatives

Consumption Reduction

Flow regulators; self-closing delayed action faucets/motion-activated faucets; 

• 

dual ﬂush/low ﬂush toilets 

Choice of local plant species and drought resistance plants; irrigate plants in the 

• 

morning or late afternoon to minimise evaporation losses

Control, Metering and 

Monitoring

Water audit; sub-metering to track consumption and early leak detection

• 

Recycling

Rainwater harvesting; condensate recovery; grey water recycling

• 

23 Whilst recycling facilities are made available at CapitaLand properties, not all public waste collectors are able to furnish the recycled waste 

   collected in weight as requested for reporting purposes. In 2017, about 71,180 tonnes of non-recyclable waste was generated at 135 properties 

   in Singapore, China, rest of Asia and Europe. These included integrated developments, shopping malls, serviced residences, and office buildings.

24 This report by International Telecommunication Union (ITU), the UN University (UNU) and the International Solid Waste Association (ISWA) 

    provides a comprehensive overview of global e-waste statistics.

25 The shopping malls partnered StarHub in its REcycling Nation’s Electronic Waste (RENEW) programme. 


CapitaLand reduced it paper usage by 58% per staff compared to 2009. These savings are attributable to the 

conscious effort by every staff to reduce paper usage. In 2017, 19 tonnes of used paper were collected from its 

corporate offices for recycling.

Paper accounts for the main stream of waste generated from CapitaLand corporate offices. To reduce paper usage, 

CapitaLand has established a systematic paper management and recycling programme. Work processes are 

increasingly made available online to avoid paper consumption. Default settings for double-sided and non-colour 

printing, use of emails and tracking of paper consumption are some measures to encourage staff to consume less 

paper. Corporate offices in Singapore implemented “Follow-me” printing to better track paper usage and minimise 

wastage. Recycling bins (including secured bins) are conveniently located at corporate offices to encourage staff to 

recycle used paper. 

CapitaLand actively promotes the use of environmentally-friendly paper. In Singapore, letterheads and name cards 

have been printed on recycled paper since 2011. Where needed, print collaterals such as CapitaLand annual report 

and calendar are printed on Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) paper. 

Resource Management at Development Projects

CapitaLand requires its main contractors to implement proper waste management procedures to minimise 

construction waste, properly manage and dispose the waste generated. An estimated 470 tonnes of construction 

waste was recorded for its development projects in Singapore in 2017.  For its China development projects targeting 

LEED certification, the projects have set a target of at least 75% of construction waste to be diverted from landfill.

CapitaLand continues to build up capacity to leverage Building Information Modelling (BIM) technology to improve 

the design and construction process through more integrated project coordination. BIM can perform clash detection 

before construction, identifying situations where mechanical and electrical pipes will clash with structural members. 

This detection saves time and cost of remedial work and minimises material wastage. BIM is implemented in 10 

projects under development in Singapore, China and Vietnam.

26 This is computed using “2016 Tesla Model S” efficiency of 4.7 km/kWh (FuelEconomy.gov).

27 

Environmental Capital

Green Transport

The transport sector accounts for 23% of global energy related greenhouse gas emissions and is the main 

cause of air pollution in cities. Decarbonising transport is therefore instrumental for countries to achieve their 

commitments set out by the Paris Agreement.

As of end 2017, CapitaLand has installed over 85 electric vehicle (EV) charging stations in 30 CapitaLand 

managed properties in Singapore, China, Belgium and Japan. The total electricity charged at these stations 

exceeded 185 MWh (estimated travel distance of more than 870,000 km26) in 2017.

Over 90% of CapitaLand properties27 worldwide are conveniently located in close proximity to transport hubs 

such as bus stops and train/subway stations. This allows easy access to the surrounding communities and 

facilities. Free shuttle bus services to transport hubs are made available at some of its shopping malls.

More than 12,000 bicycle parking facilities are available at more than 100 of its properties. 

Includes CapitaLand owned and managed properties only.

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

33




Safety of its properties for 

stakeholders including 

staff, residents, shoppers, 

tenants and the public



Supply chain

management

Effective OHS management is part of risk management and deemed to

enhance staff productivity and morale. 

Policy

Reduce occupational injury rates to achieve zero harm 

• 

Provide a robust OHS Management System 

• 

Meet and exceed OHS legal requirements 

• 

Promote a culture of individual ownership and responsibility for OHS management 

• 

Seek proactive support and participation from CapitaLand’s stakeholders including top 

• 

management, staff, contractors, suppliers and tenants 

Drive continuous improvement in OHS performance

• 

Accountability

CEOs are accountable 

• 

OHSAS 18001 certiﬁed OHS Management System ensures accountability to relevant 

• 

managers and all staff 

Key performance indicators (KPIs) linked to remuneration of all staff

• 

Method/Action 

Plan

OHS Management System

Legal compliance 

• 

Identiﬁcation of hazards and risk assessment 

• 

Sustainable Building Guidelines – Design for Safety (DfS) 

• 

Safe operations – OHS Standard Operating Procedures 

• 

(SOPs) 

Training and awareness 

• 

KPIs

OHS performance of staff 

• 

Stakeholder engagement 

• 

Appoint OHSAS 18001 

• 

certiﬁed main contractors 

or OHS legal compliance 

on-site 

Give preference to 

• 

OHSAS 18001 certiﬁed 

vendors/suppliers; in 

Singapore, non-OHSAS 

18001 certiﬁed vendors/

suppliers encouraged to 

achieve BizSAFE Level 3 

and above.

Stakeholder 

Engagement

Be part of national policy making

• 

Educate end-users, including tenants, shoppers, residents and the general community

• 

Workplace health

and safety of staff

Material Issues

and

Business Case  

FRAMEWORK

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

34

Human Capital

COMMITMENT TO A SAFE AND HEALTHY WORKPLACE

Occupational health and safety (OHS) of CapitaLand’s staff, tenants, contractors, suppliers and the communities who 

use its properties, is of utmost importance to CapitaLand. Effective OHS management is part of risk management 

and deemed to enhance staff productivity and morale.

CapitaLand’s OHS framework includes identifying material issues, setting policies, ensuring accountability within the 

company, developing action plans and engaging stakeholders.


Human Capital

TOP MANAGEMENT COMMITMENT AND STAFF INVOLVEMENT

CapitaLand champions OHS with commitment from the top management and staff participation through an 

integrated Environmental Health and Safety Management System (EHSMS) and stakeholder engagement activities. 

CEOs are accountable for the OHS performance of their strategic business units (SBUs). Please refer to the 

management structure and EHSMS in the Environmental Capital chapter of this report.

All staff assume personal responsibility towards OHS and are encouraged to be forthcoming in reporting all OHS-

related incidents, including non-compliances and non-conformities to the relevant business unit management 

representatives. This list is updated in the CapitaLand intranet.

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS (KPIs) TIED TO REMUNERATION

CapitaLand incorporates OHS KPIs which are linked to remuneration of all staff, including top management.

ROBUST OHS MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

CapitaLand’s approach to health and safety is guided by its OHS Management System. Established in Singapore 

in 2009, it extends to Australia, Belgium, China, France, Germany, India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Philippines, 

Spain, Thailand, Vietnam and the United Kingdom (UK). CapitaLand’s EHS policy outlines the company’s 

commitment to manage OHS issues. Please refer to the EHS policy outlined in the Environmental Capital chapter of 

this report.

CERTIFIED TO INTERNATIONAL STANDARDS

The OHS Management System has been externally audited by a third-party accredited certification body to OHSAS 

18001 standards, a recognised international standard for OHS Management Systems since 2009.

Since 2012, the Group achieved OHSAS 18001 certification for its OHS Management System in 15 countries – 

covering all markets with investment properties managed by CapitaLand. This encompasses all business functions: 

property management, property development, corporate management and operations.

GLOBAL INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL AUDITS

CapitaLand has put in place an internal audit system to ensure that the conformance and effective implementation 

of its OHS Management System is aligned with OHSAS 18001 standards. Internal audits are conducted in the 15 

countries where CapitaLand has investment properties at least once a year, covering at least 50% of the sites in each 

country. In addition, external audits are conducted annually by a third-party accredited certification body.

An annual audit of the OHS Management System provides assurance to top management and external investors of 

its management system and legal compliance requirements and commitment to best practices.

COMPLIANCE

Legal requirements are reviewed on a quarterly basis, and compliance to these requirements are evaluated annually. 

Despite all efforts to ensure compliance, its operations in China incurred three non-compliant areas relating to fire 

safety. Thorough investigations were conducted and all necessary follow-up action immediately undertaken. Lessons 

learnt from the incident were shared across business units, and the Group’s commitment to strengthen its safety 

standards was reinforced.

Global Sustainability Report 2017

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

35


Human Capital

RISK MANAGEMENT OF OHS HAZARDS

Identifying OHS hazards and assessing their risks are key components in CapitaLand’s OHS Management System. 

CapitaLand strives to eliminate or minimise such hazards and risks though various measures.

Hazards Identification and Risk Assessments (HIRA) are reviewed annually or when appropriate, for example, 

following a change in processes.

OHS hazards are identified for the administration, development and operational functions of CapitaLand’s businesses 

and their risks are assessed. Examples of hazards include poor ergonomics, falling from height, falling objects 

and working in an enclosed space. The SBUs have put in place various SOPs to minimise the occurrence of such 

hazards.

TRAINING AND AWARENESS

To facilitate the effective implementation of its OHS Management System, training and awareness programmes are 

planned for all staff. Please refer to the Environmental Capital chapter of this report for more details on EHS training 

programmes. In addition, every staff was briefed on how to respond to OHS incidents at the workplace. As part 

of staff well-being, CapitaLand also regularly organises lunchtime talks relating to health and related issues like 

parenting to help staff manage stress. It also organises financial resilience talks such as financial planning where 

over 100 staff attended. Some of the abridged material are made available on the CapitaLand intranet for staff to 

access in their own time.

MEASURES TO MITIGATE RISKS OF SERIOUS DISEASES

CapitaLand responds to the threat of serious diseases in a timely manner by putting in place appropriate measures 

to mitigate risks. When necessary, the human resource department disseminates medical and travel advisories to all 

staff. Information on pandemic planning is made readily available for all staff on the intranet.

MEASURING OUR SAFETY PERFORMANCE

2017 Occupational Health and Safety Targets and Performance

Targets

Performance

OHSAS 18001 certiﬁcation for its OHS Management 

System in all markets with investment properties

Maintained OHSAS 18001 certiﬁcation in 15 countries, 

• 

covering all markets with investment properties

managed by CapitaLand

Zero incident resulting in staff permanent disability 

or fatality

One staff work-related fatality.

No staff work-related permanent disability

• 

All main contractors appointed to be OHSAS 18001 

certiﬁed (or to comply fully with local OHS laws and 

regulations, annually audited by an independent 

accredited assessor)

Three main contractors appointed in 2017 for new

development projects (Two are OHSAS 18001

certified and one is undergoing certification.

In the interim, it will comply fully with local OHS

laws and regulations and the site will be audited

by an independent accredited assessor)

One RoSPA Gold award1 

• 

• 

1 Victoria Park Villas, Singapore obtained the RoSPA   Gold Award for workplace safety performance. RoSPA (The Royal Society for the Prevention    

  of Accidents, UK) Award recognises organisations with strong and ongoing commitment to raising health and safety standards.

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

36


Human Capital

CapitaLand’s performance monitoring includes all staff (both full-time and part-time) involved in the daily operations 

and project management of its development sites. 

In 2017, there were 56 work-related injuries2. Most of the staff were from the operations teams. Despite all efforts 

to ensure site safety, it was with great regret that there was one work-related fatality of a CapitaLand staff in China. 

Thorough investigations were conducted and all necessary follow-up action undertaken. The site stepped up efforts 

to reinforce the importance of a pro-active safety mindset. Lessons learnt from the incident were shared across 

business units, and the Group’s commitment to strengthen its safety standards was reinforced. As part of the 

occupational health and safety management system, CapitaLand will continue to monitor the performance, reinforce 

safety standards and fine-tune its SOPs for improvement.

TENANTS AND COMMUNITY

As part of CapitaLand’s OHS Management System, emergency response procedures are in place for potential 

OHS risks. Periodic briefings and annual evacuation drills are conducted to ensure that tenants are familiar with the 

response plan.

2017

2016

2015

CapitaLand Staff

Singapore

China

Rest of 

the World

Group 

Overall

Group 

Overall

Group 

Overall

Number of work-related injuries

4

25

27

56

51 

68

Work-related fatalities/permanent 

disabilities

0

1

0

1

0

0

Injury rate3 (number of work-related 

injuries per million hours worked)

1.0

1.8

3.0

2.1

1.9

2.8 

Lost day rate4 (number of lost man-

days per million hours worked)

5.4

539.5

112.5

313.8

44.0

101.2 

Absentee rate5 (days per staff

 

per year) 

6.4

2.6

5.2

4.0

3.5

4.3 

2 This is based on work-related incidents that resulted in more than three days of medical leave or more than 24 hours of hospitalisation. Of the 56  

  work-related injuries, two were incidents of occupational disease.

3 In 2017, injury rate is 1.5 and 2.6 per million hours worked for male and female staff respectively.

4 A fatal injury is equivalent to a loss of 6,000 man-days, as defined by the U.S. National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health. This is also 

  adopted by the Singapore Ministry of Manpower. This resulted in the spike in the 2017 performance for lost day rate.

5 Absentee rate is based on medical leave taken by staff, regardless of whether it is work-related illness or not. In 2017, absentee rate is 2.7 and 

  5.2 days per staff for male and female staf

espectively.

NATIONAL POLICY MAKING

CapitaLand participates actively in national efforts towards workplace health and safety. In Singapore, this included 

being a member of the Workplace Safety and Health Council (Construction and Landscape) Committee.

OHS STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT*

CapitaLand understands the important role that end-users of its buildings and its supply chain play. It actively 

involves its staff, tenants, contractors, suppliers as well as the wider community to promote total well-being, health 

and safety. 

In China, CapitaLand collaborated with more than 170 local fire departments, government agencies and associations 

to organise fire drills at 48 malls to raise safety awareness among more than 29,000 participants including tenants 

and shoppers. This included live fire extinguishing session, involvement of local fire departments, simulation of fire 

and evacuation. This was well-received by the local authorities.

*GRI 102-40, 102-42, 102-43, 102-44

f r

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

37


Human Capital

SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

CapitaLand works closely with its contractors and suppliers who are committed to high quality, environmental, health 

and safety standards. Contractors are only appointed for its projects upon meeting the Group’s stringent selection 

criteria, one of which is safety.

 

Vendors And Service Providers

For building operations, CapitaLand’s contractor management guidelines require all contractors to comply with local 

government and other legal requirements. Contractors and service providers in Singapore and overseas are required 

to submit a copy of their risk assessments in cases where their activities may affect the occupational health and 

safety of CapitaLand staff or visitors.

Vendors and service providers are sent a copy of CapitaLand’s EHS Policy. They have to ensure that their staff 

are sufficiently trained or briefed on environmental, health and safety measures. Contractor house rules stipulate 

requirements such as deploying personal protective equipment, reporting of accidents and proper disposal of debris 

and toxic waste. 

Main Contractors

CapitaLand requires main contractors appointed for its development projects to be OHSAS 18001 certified or to 

engage an independent accredited assessor to conduct site OHS legal compliance audits. Two main contractors 

appointed in 2017 fulfilled these requirements and one main contractor is in the process of getting certified.

CapitaLand undertook various initiatives to improve the Accident Frequency Rate (AFR) and Accident Severity Rate 

(ASR)8 of its main contractors at its sites. In 2017, there was no injury at its Singapore construction sites9.

Despite best efforts to ensure site safety, it was with great regret that there was one fatality of CapitaLand’s contractor 

staff in China. Detailed investigations were undertaken, and it ensured that the contractor quickly completed all 

necessary follow-up action. Appropriate actions were also taken against the contractor by the local authorities. 

Lessons from the fatality incidents were shared across business units, and the Group’s commitment to strengthen its 

safety standards was reinforced.

CapitaLand strongly encourages its main contractors in Singapore to apply for the WSH SHARP10  awards and for 

overseas main contractors to apply for local safety awards.

Since 2012, CapitaLand properties in Singapore only appoint bizSAFE6 Level 3 and above certified vendors and 

service providers upon contract renewal or signing of new contracts. Where possible, CapitaLand intends to stipulate 

similar requirements for its overseas offices. In 2017, about 93% of its Singapore corporate offices’ and operating 

properties’ vendors and service providers7 were bizSAFE Level 3 and above certified.

In end 2017, it is progressively rolling out the CapitaLand Supply Chain Code of Conduct to influence its supply 

chain to operate responsibly in the areas of anti-corruption, human rights, health and safety, as well as environmental 

management. 

CapitaLand also tracked the health and safety performance of its main contractors at its worksites in Singapore and 

overseas.

6 The bizSAFE programme is advocated by the WSH Council in Singapore to promote workplace safety and health in small and medium 

  enterprises. There are five levels.

7 This refers to term contractors/service providers where their work is on-site at CapitaLand properties or offices.

8 AFR and ASR are terms used in Singapore by the WSH Council. AFR measures how often workplace incidents occurred per million man-hours 

  worked. ASR measures number of man-days lost to workplace accidents per million man-hours worked.

9 As there was no contractor injury at the three sites in Singapore, its AFR and ASR was zero, which was below Singapore national average of 1.6 

  for AFR and 104 for ASR for construction sector. 

10 Safety and Health Award Recognition for Projects (SHARP) Award recognises projects or worksites that have good safety and health 

   performance and workplace safety and health management systems.

*GRI 102-40, 102-42, 102-43, 102-44

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

38


Human Capital

HUMAN RIGHTS

CapitaLand has an integrated human capital strategy to recruit, develop and motivate staff. KPIs, both for the 

business as well as for people development, are in place to ensure that staff’s performance goals are aligned with 

the Group’s business objectives. Staff are provided with appropriate development opportunities to perform well in 

their job.

CapitaLand was voted winner of the Randstad SEA Employer Brand Award 2017 (Property and Real Estate Sector). 

The annual award is presented to the most attractive employer in 26 countries globally.

ANTI-CHILD LABOUR AND ANTI-FORCED LABOUR

With a global workforce of more than 12,500 staff, CapitaLand is committed to be a workplace of choice for its staff.

CapitaLand upholds the spirit of international human rights conventions, such as the Universal Declaration of Human 

Rights and the International Labour Organisation (ILO) Conventions, against coerced labour and discrimination in 

any form. To date, Singapore has ratified 20 ILO Conventions covering four key areas of employment standards: 

child labour, forced labour, collective bargaining, and equal remuneration. CapitaLand has aligned its policies 

with these four key areas in Singapore and overseas. This includes the signing of the Employers Pledge for Fair 

Employment Practices with The Tripartite Alliance for Fair Employment Practices (TAFEP11) and a commitment to the 

five key principles of fair employment as follows:

• Recruit and select staff based on merit, such as skills, experience and ability, regardless of age, race, gender,

   religion or family status. 

 

• Treat staff fairly and with respect and implement progressive human resource management systems. 

• Provide staff with equal opportunities for training and development based on their strengths and needs, to help

   them achieve their full potential. 

• Reward staff fairly based on their ability, performance, contribution and experience.

• Abide by labour laws and adopt Tripartite Guidelines which promote fair employment practices.

In 2017, there was no reported incident relating to discrimination, child labour or forced labour in CapitaLand. In 

2017, CapitaLand had no staff below the age of 16.

PROMOTING FAIRNESS AND DIVERSITY

As an international company, CapitaLand embraces diversity and inclusivity regardless of gender, race, culture, 

nationality and family status. There are more than 80 nationalities working within the Group. CapitaLand believes that 

regardless of ethnicity, age, gender or family status, staff can make a significant contribution based on their talent, 

expertise and experience.

CapitaLand propagates a localisation strategy for its overseas operations where reasonable and practical. This 

ensures that the teams on the ground have a good grasp of local socio-political and cultural sensitivities to help 

deliver targeted business outcomes for the Group. In 2017, locals accounted for about 83% of the staff based in 

Singapore and 97% of staff based in China. Of these locals, 42% were holding managerial and senior management 

positions in Singapore and 15% in China.

CapitaLand identifies talent internally and externally to build bench strength as well as talent pipeline for 

leadership succession planning. CapitaLand recruits talent through a network of local and overseas universities, 

and also attracts young talent at an early stage through scholarship programmes such as the CapitaLand-

Building and Construction Authority Singapore Scholarship. Apart from fresh graduates, CapitaLand also employs 

experienced and mid-career professionals as well as industry veterans. New hires represented 25% of the total 

headcount in 201712.

11 The Tripartite Alliance for Fair Employment Practices (TAFEP) was formed in May 2006 to promote non-discriminatory employment practices and  

  to shift mindset among employers, staff and the general public towards fair employment practices for all workers in Singapore. Members include 

  employer representatives, union leaders and government officials.

12 Singapore and China account for about 9% and 48% of the total number of new hires respectively.

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

39


CapitaLand’s vibrant, motivated and qualified workforce has given the Group a competitive edge. About 68% of 

CapitaLand’s global workforce is aged 30 to 50. About 84% of new hires in 2017 were born from 1978 onwards. Over 

75% of CapitaLand’s staff hold tertiary qualifications and above (this includes holders of diploma, and bachelor’s and 

master’s degree qualifications).

CapitaLand’s global workforce comprises an almost equal proportion of males and females, at a ratio of 48:52 (In 

Singapore, the proportion of male to female staff is 40:60; in China, the ratio is 48:52). The company’s female staff are 

well represented at the middle and senior management level. In the past three years, about 50% of the managerial 

staff were female. In 2017, about 35% of senior management were female with four of them holding C-suite 

appointments within the Group.

The average gender pay gap13 for staff up to middle management levels ranges between 1% (in favour of females) 

for non-executives, 0% for executives and 7% (in favour of males) for managers. At senior management levels with 

female representation14, the average gender pay gap ranges between 1% (in favour of females) and 12% (in favour of 

males).  An analysis of comparable roles shows that CapitaLand rewards men and women fairly for similar work and 

that the gap reflects the lower representation of women at the more senior levels of the organisation.

RE-EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES

The Singapore government implemented the re-employment legislation in 2012 to enable more people to work 

beyond the current statutory retirement age of 62, and up to 65 in the first instance and subsequently, up to 67 years 

old. Before the legislation, CapitaLand already had a re-employment policy of extending employment to staff who 

have reached the mandatory retirement age but are still able and willing to continue contributing to CapitaLand. This 

policy is applicable to all staff globally with a total of 126 staff above retirement age15 in 2017. They will continue to 

draw their last drawn salary if upon re-employment, their work scope and responsibilities remain unchanged.

RESPECT FOR FREEDOM OF ASSOCIATION

CapitaLand is committed to maintaining harmonious labour relations. It respects its staff’s right to freedom of 

association and be members of trade unions. In Singapore, CapitaLand is guided by the Industrial Relations Act 

that allows representation of staff by trade unions for collective bargaining, thus providing them with an avenue to 

seek redress for any industrial disputes. CapitaLand and the unions enjoy a cordial working relationship, promoting 

positive working conditions and improving productivity for the mutual benefit of staff and the company. Currently, 

39% of the bargainable workforce and junior executives in Singapore are union members. Globally, 14% of its 

workforce is covered by collective agreements*. During the year, the unions did not express any concerns on staff 

health and safety issues as the CapitaLand OHS management system is externally audited.

TALENT MANAGEMENT

CapitaLand seeks innovative, dynamic and talented staff to take the company into its next phase of growth and 

adopts a multi-pronged approach to manpower planning, i.e. developing internal talent and hiring young talent, 

mid-career and industry veterans. CapitaLand continuously builds its management bench strength through the 

identification of high potential talent as part of the regular succession planning process. Talent management 

decisions are driven by a set of organisational core competencies as well as position-specific competencies. 

CapitaLand’s performance management and talent development programmes provide developmental opportunities 

to nurture staff’s capability and personal traits, underpinned by its core values, through formal classroom trainings, 

on-the-job exposure, job rotation and mentoring/coaching.

The Board’s Executive Resource and Compensation Committee (ERCC) regularly reviews the succession plans 

for the key positions in the company including President &amp; Group CEO and other key management personnel in 

CapitaLand.

Human Capital

13 This comparison is for base salary which excludes payments such as allowances, CPF (Singapore), overtime pay and bonus.

14 There are 2 levels with no female representation.

15 This is based on the retirement age in the respective countries.

*GRI 102-41

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

40


On an annual basis, CapitaLand identifies and reviews suitably qualified candidates from both within and outside of 

the Group who could be considered for key positions when the need arises in the immediate, medium, or long term.

POSITIVE WORK ENVIRONMENT

CapitaLand recognises that a positive work environment is essential to attract, motivate and retain talent. A total well-

being programme has been put in place to promote personal development, health and work-life harmony. Initiatives 

include a flexible medical and benefits plan, flexible work arrangements, staff engagement initiatives and subsidised 

rates for staff staying at Ascott’s serviced residences. Part-time staff are entitled to the same benefits on a pro-rata 

basis. CapitaLand advocates a pay-for-performance philosophy to drive ownership of collective goals, leading to a 

high performance culture which creates long-term shareholder value. Its robust performance management system 

ensures that all staff receive regular performance and career development reviews.

In 2017, 442 eligible female staff went on maternity leave and 32316 returned to work. CapitaLand also provides paid 

paternity leave to all male staff in Singapore and countries where practicable. In 2017, 231 eligible male staff took 

paternity leave. 

In Singapore, the Central Provident Fund (CPF) is a comprehensive social security savings plan introduced by the 

Singapore government to enforce savings by salaried workers for a more secure retirement. Under the CPF scheme, 

CapitaLand and its staff make monthly contributions to the staff’s CPF account in accordance with the prevailing 

regulations. Apart from complying with Singapore’s statutory requirements on making monthly contributions to staff’s 

CPF accounts, the Group also adheres to the respective social security contribution or pension plan obligations of 

the countries it operates in.

FAIR REMUNERATION

All staff sign employment contracts with the key employment terms and conditions clearly spelt out, so that staff fully 

understand what the terms and conditions mean. This allows staff to understand both their rights and obligations 

as well as those of the company, thus minimising potential employment disputes in future. Key employment terms 

specified in the employment contract include the job title and description, duration of employment, working hours, 

salary and allowances, and (statutory) contributions/deductions, leave entitlements, probation and notice periods, 

and key insurance and medical benefits, etc.

To ensure that CapitaLand remains competitive and continues to attract and retain the right talent, the Group 

engages external independent remuneration consultants to benchmark the company’s compensation packages 

against the relevant talent markets. Salaries are reviewed taking into consideration these benchmarks as well as the 

specific job scope and responsibilities of each staff.

All regular full-time staff undergo an annual performance review where there is an open discussion on the staff’s 

performance, areas for improvement, developmental needs and career plans.

The Group rewards and motivates staff with comprehensive and competitive compensation and benefits 

programmes. The Group observes a pay-for-performance philosophy that rewards for superior performance, which 

aligns staff and shareholder interests to deliver business results. The Group’s overall annual variable bonus pool 

is determined based on the Group’s achievement against a holistic set of financial and non-financial targets in the 

balanced scorecard dimensions of Financials, Growth, Execution and People. The amount of bonus awarded to 

staff are further based on their relative contributions and individual performance. Staff at managerial grades are also 

eligible to receive performance-based long-term share awards. The share awards will vest over three years subject 

to the achievement of pre-determined Group profitability and shareholder return targets.

formance and remuneration of key management executives is based on both quantitative and qualitative 

Human Capital

16  Excludes staff whose paternity/maternity leave cross over to 2018 and hence have not return to work in 2017.

targets within the balanced scorecard framework, including their efforts in building the management bench strength 

and in the development of talent.

The per

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

41


CapitaLand monitors the movement of its workforce closely. In 2017, the staff turnover17 was 15.9%. In Singapore, the 

turnover was 14.6%, which was better than the national average of 21.6%18. In China, the turnover was 18.2%, which 

was better than the national average of 19.6%19. Due to the labour-intensive hospitality industry that CapitaLand is 

also in, as well as the large number of non-executive staff, the staff movement whilst significant, was not abnormal.

Almost 45% of staff globally have been with the Group for five years or longer. The company also interviews 

resigning staff as part of its continuing efforts to improve its retention policies and initiatives.

JOB SECURITY

CapitaLand is committed to talent mobility where staff are given opportunities to rotate to different job functions, 

subject to skills/competency requirements and business needs. CapitaLand is committed to providing meaningful 

jobs for its staff. This is in line with the revised Tripartite Guidelines on Managing Excess Manpower and Responsible 

Retrenchment issued by the Singapore Ministry of Manpower (MOM) together with its tripartite partners, Singapore 

National Employers Federation (SNEF) and the National Trades Union Congress (NTUC).

These guidelines also suggest various arrangements such upskilling staff and redesigning jobs, as well as providing 

company retraining programmes for workers, redeployment of workers to alternative areas of work, implementing 

flexible work arrangements, and managing wage costs through a flexible wage system.

In the event of termination or staff resignation, there is a minimum notice period of one to three months, depending 

on the staff’s job grade. Due to operational requirements, senior management staff are required to serve a notice 

period of three to six months.

In 2017, other than the reconfiguration of certain functions, there was no major reorganisation in CapitaLand. There 

were no layoffs arising from these changes. 

LEARNING AND DEVELOPMENT

Staff are provided with appropriate training to be better equipped to contribute at optimal levels, and contribute 

effectively to Group’s performance. The target is for 95% of staff to attend at least one learning event per 

year and each staff is to achieve an average of at least 40 hours of learning and development for continuous 

upskilling and improvement.

CapitaLand commits up to 3% of its annual wage bill towards initiatives for staff’s learning and development. This 

includes personal development courses and certified training programmes to equip staff with the necessary skills 

for better performance. Staff are granted paid examination leave for their studies. Full-time staff are allowed up to 10 

days of examination leave per calendar year.

In 2017, about 95% of the workforce attended at least one learning event20, and the average number of training 

hours completed by each staff for the year was more than 59 hours, well above the recommended industry guide of 

40 hours per annum.

Upskilling The Workforce For The Future

In anticipation of the technological change and its impact on the skillsets of its staff, CapitaLand organised a series 

of evening sessions where industry experts are invited to share insights on topics and trends related to its business, 

including building retail of the future. By organising these discussions, the company hopes to inculcate a spirit of 

lifelong learning and help equip staff with the knowhow to navigate a constantly changing world. A key highlight 

Human Capital

17  This refers to voluntary turnover and does not include figures attributable to internal transfers from one entity to another entity, non-renewal of 

   contracts, etc.

18   Data by Ministry of Manpower, Singapore.

19   Data by a human capital and management company.

20 The number includes third party staff at CapitaLand properties.

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

42


was the CapitaLand Family Day Digital Festival, which was a full day technology carnival at a CapitaLand property. 

CapitaLand staff and their family (including children) could experience a glimpse of the future of real estate at the 

exhibition, and learn digital skills at the technology workshops. CapitaLand Hope Foundation children beneficiaries 

were also invited to participate in this event.

Another key event was the “Be Future Ready Learning Event”, a full day event with industry experts sharing insights 

on digital revolution, developing lifelong resilience skills and dealing with online negativity.  In end 2017, CapitaLand 

launched the CapitaLand ELEVATE, a S$10 million programme to train its staff in new proptech-enabled capabilities, 

such as data analytics, digital marketing, and digital asset management.

Other training organised by CapitaLand included analytics and innovation. Over 1,290 staff invested over 5,500 

hours attending these sessions in 2017. Also, more than 360 staff spent over 2,100 hours participating in change 

management and diversity-related training.

STAFF ENGAGEMENT*

CapitaLand actively engages its staff through various avenues, including regular communication sessions held by 

senior management for effective flow of information and alignment of business goals and objectives across all levels 

of the workforce.

Quarterly staff communication sessions by the President &amp; Group CEO allow the Group’s senior management team 

to communicate and interact with staff. These sessions are webcast live to CapitaLand offices in Singapore and 

overseas. During these staff communication sessions, information on the Group’s results and key business focus 

are shared with staff. These sessions include a question and answer session, where staff can pose questions via an 

online platform, via email, or in person.

CapitaLand practises an open-door policy, allowing all staff to obtain a fair review and a prompt response to 

problems or concerns relating to any aspects of employment with the Group. This includes harassment, grievance 

handling and whistle-blowing policies applicable to all staff. Staff can also raise their concerns to a higher level of 

management or to the Human Resource Department.

Information such as employment terms, benefits and practices, Ethics and Code of Business Conduct is made 

available to all staff through CapitaLand’s intranet portal, iHub.

Human Capital

*GRI 102-40, 102-43, 102-44

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

43


0%

20%

40%

60%

80%

100%

Global Staff by Nationality 

Global Staff by Educational Qualifications

Global Staff by Gender

Global Staff by Age and Gender Profile

Global Staff by Seniority and Gender Profile 

Global Staff:

Voluntary Turnover Rate 

Voluntary Turnover by

Gender and Age (2017)

0

5000

10000

15000

2015

2016

2017

China

Singapore

Malaysia

Vietnam

France

Japan

Thailand

Others

0%

20%

40%

60%

80%

100%

0%

20%

40%

60%

80%

100%

2015

2016

2017

Master's Degree/

Post Graduate

Bachelor's

Degree

Diploma/

GCE A level

GCE O Level/

Industrial

Others

2015

2016

2017

Male

Female

Gender

&lt;30 years

30-50 years

&gt;50 years

0%

20%

40%

60%

80%

100%

0%

20%

40%

60%

80%

100%

2015

2016

2017

2015

2016

2017

Gender

0%

20%

40%

60%

80%

100%

10%

12%

14%

16%

18%

20%

2015

2016

2017

Gender

Gender

Age

&lt;30 years

Male

Female

Male

Female

30-50 years

&gt;50 years

&lt;30 years

30-50 years

&gt;50 years

Management

Executive Staff

Non-Executive Staff

Global Staff: New Hires

by Gender and Age (2017) 

Age

Human Capital

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

44


Social and Relationship Capital

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

45

CapitaLand’s social and relationship capital can be built up through community investments. In the longer term, this 

strengthens CapitaLand’s social licence to operate and ability to deliver sustainable value.

Stakeholders are groups that our business has a significant impact on and those with a vested interest in our 

operations. Our key stakeholders include employees, customers, business associates, builders and suppliers, 

and the local community. Other groups include regulators and key government agencies, non-governmental 

organisations (NGOs), representatives of the capital market and the media. They are mapped into groups based on 

their impact on the Company.

Through the various engagement channels, CapitaLand seeks to understand our stakeholders’ views, communicate 

effectively with them and respond to their concerns. Stakeholders’ issues of interest are outlined on the next page.

STAKEHOLDERS’ ISSUES OF INTEREST*

Stakeholder

Engagement Channels

Issues

Sustainability Report

Customers-home 

 

buyers and residents, 

tenants, shoppers 

Homebuyer: welcome parties, welcome kits 

 

Tenant: survey, green ﬁt out guide, 

 

enrichment events such as Biz+ events 

CapitaLand weekly lifestyle blog - 

INSIDE, social media

 

Workmanship, design 

 

Facilities 

 

management, 

Customer experience 

 

Social and 

Relationship Capital, 

Environmental Capital 

Investors, Analysts 

 

and Media

Annual general meetings 

 

Quarterly ﬁnancial results announcements 

 

Media releases and interviews 

 

Annual reports and sustainability report 

 

Company website 

 

Regular analyst and investor meetings 

 

Response to sustainability surveys 

 

Operational 

 

efﬁciency 

Monetary savings, 

 

cost avoidance and 

return on investment

ESG risks and 

 

opportunities 

Financial Capital, 

Social and 

Relationship Capital 

Staff

Regular dialogue sessions with senior 

 

management 

Regular staff engagement survey 

 

Volunteer programmes 

 

Recreation club activities 

 

Work-life balance 

 

Remuneration and 

 

beneﬁts 

Employee welfare 

 

Human Capital, 

Social and 

Relationship 

Capital 

Supply Chain – main 

contractors, vendors, 

suppliers

CapitaLand Supply Chain Code of Conduct

 

Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS) 

 

Policy and quarterly EHS monitoring 

Vendor evaluation, including events, 

 

meetings and trainings 

Design and quality 

 

Occupational health 

 

and safety practices 

Workers welfare and 

 

well-being 

Environmental 

 

compliance 

Human Capital, 

Social and Relationship 

Capital, Environmental 

Capital 

Government/national 

agencies/Community

and non-governmental

organisations (NGOs)

Senior management representation on 

 

boards of various industry bodies and 

sustainability related public discussions 

Regulatory readiness to the Singapore 

 

Government’s commitment to manage 

carbon emissions 

Longstanding partner of various national 

 

programmes 

Public communications plan for residents 

 

within a 100 m radius of our new 

developments 

Sustainability reports 

 

Participation in external conferences/forums 

 

Corporate advertisements 

 

Consultation and sharing with academics, 

 

NGOs and business associations 

Sustainable building 

 

developments 

Stakeholder 

 

programmes to 

advocate greener 

tenant/resident/ 

customer behaviours 

Advocating best 

 

practices 

Social and 

Relationship 

Capital 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

* GRI 102-40, 102-42, 102-43, 102-44, 102-46


* GRI 102-40, 102-42, 102-43, 102-44

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

46

Social and Relationship Capital

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Staff

CapitaLand actively engages its staff through various avenues, including regular communication sessions held by 

senior management for the effective flow of information and alignment of business goals and objectives across all 

levels of workforce. For more details, please refer to staff engagement in the Human Capital chapter.

Customers

CapitaLand conducts regular resident satisfaction surveys at its serviced residences and tenant surveys at its 

shopping malls and office buildings. The feedback obtained is reviewed and relevant follow-up actions are taken to 

improve serviced residents’ experience and improve service levels to tenants.

CapitaLand conducted homebuyer surveys for its residential developments in China and Vietnam. Through these 

surveys, it garnered feedback on staff service, quality of homes and common facilities. The respondents for two 

China residential developments gave an average rating of 8 out of 10. 70-90% of respondents for eight Vietnam 

residential developments gave a satisfied to very satisfied rating for different indicators. 

 

CapitaLand’s serviced apartments track and monitor its properties’ performance via two platforms. One is a 

subscription to ReviewPro. Its Guest Rating Score™ (GRS™) is an independent assessment of the individual 

properties’ quality rating based upon consumer reviews from the Internet. The GRS™ is calculated by analysing 

more than 100 million consumer reviews in 40 languages from more than 100 leading online travel agencies and 

review sites. This allows CapitaLand to benchmark and respond by making the necessary operational and service 

improvements to create a better customer experience for the guests.

Another platform allows guests to provide specific feedback and ensure that the properties respond promptly on 

specific feedback furnished. 

Investors and Analysts

There is an increasing call for more transparency, stakeholder engagement and sustainability reporting. CapitaLand’s 

commitment to sustainability management and reporting has been affirmed by international sustainability 

performance benchmarks such as Dow Jones Sustainability Index and FTSE4Good.

Conveying timely, full, accurate and credible information to its shareholders, investors, analysts and the media 

is important to CapitaLand. CapitaLand provides regular updates on its strategies, financial performance and 

operations through multiple platforms. Official announcements and news releases are filed on the Singapore 

Exchange (SGX), updated on CapitaLand website, and issued to analysts and media for coverage. CapitaLand 

has a dedicated Investor Relations (IR) webpage with its announcements, IR policies and materials relating to its 

financial results and annual reports. Investors can sign up for email alerts to receive the latest announcements from 

CapitaLand. Investors can also send enquiries to the IR team through the “Contact Us” page or email groupir@

capitaland.com.

A key tenant engagement programme for CapitaLand malls in Singapore was the Biz+ Series of seminars and 

workshops where industry experts, business consultants and retailers gather to share insights and innovations. 

The theme for the 2017 programme was on Millennials and Phygital. Retail Future 2017 entitled ‘Capturing the 

Millennial Dollar’ held in May 2017 brought together speakers from IBM, Sephora, TBWA and local millennial 

entrepreneurs to share case studies in engaging millennials, the appeal of the sharing economy and new 

market initiatives that merge the digital and physical worlds to create a seamless offline-and-online experience. 

Two other seminars focusing on millennial customer loyalty and phygital technology such as augmented 

reality and artificial intelligence applications in retail were also organised to inspire retailers to innovate. A CEO 

breakfast roundtable session titled ‘Magnify the in-store experience’ was organised in September 2017 where 

leaders of various retail brands came together for a lively discussion on phygital trends and innovations.


CapitaLand’s management conducts biannual briefings on its half year and full year financial results for analysts 

and media. Investors can view live webcasts or videos of the briefings which are available on its IR webpage for 

up to three years. Its management and IR team also hold briefings for investors based in Singapore on its quarterly 

financial results.

The Group Communications team works closely with the media to profile CapitaLand’s senior management and latest 

developments of the Group. The team communicates with the consumers and the public through print, broadcast 

and digital media outlets. This also includes sharing news and stories, as well as executing brand and marketing 

campaigns on our social media platforms via Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, and through 

CapitaLand’s weekly lifestyle blog, INSIDE. For more information, please refer to “Investor &amp; Media Relations” 

CapitaLand Limited Annual Report 2017, page 64-65.

Supply Chain

CapitaLand works closely with its contractors and suppliers who are committed to high quality environmental, health 

and safety standards. Contractors are only appointed for its projects upon meeting the Group’s stringent selection 

criteria, including environment and safety.

For building operations, CapitaLand’s contractor management guidelines require all contractors to comply with local 

government and other legal requirements. Preference is given to ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 certified companies.

CapitaLand requires main contractors appointed for its development projects to be ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 

certified, or to engage an independent accredited assessor to conduct EHS legal compliance audits. In line with 

our global commitment to human rights, CapitaLand also inserted a clause in the main contractor specifications to 

ensure no child labour and forced labour at the CapitaLand project sites.

In end 2017, the CapitaLand Supply Chain Code of Conduct was rolled out progressively to influence its supply 

chain to operate responsibly in the areas of anti-corruption, human rights, health and safety, as well as environmental 

management.

For more information on the monitoring of contractors’ and suppliers’ performance, please refer to the Supply Chain 

Management segment in the Human Capital chapter.

Government Agencies and Regulators

CapitaLand participates in stakeholder consultations organised by key government agencies so as to furnish 

feedback on proposed regulatory changes that impact the company’s business. This allows CapitaLand to plan 

ahead, in view of the cost of regulatory alignment. Engaging regulators and relevant industry bodies has enabled 

CapitaLand to be aware of industry challenges, placing the company in a better position to leverage existing and 

future opportunities for growth.

CapitaLand is committed to regulatory compliance. Procedures are in place to ensure that its activities and 

operations comply with existing regulatory requirements through regular monitoring, evaluation and auditing of the 

CapitaLand EHS management systems (for more details, please refer to Environmental Capital chapter). Some 

of CapitaLand’s projects also set new benchmarks in sustainability and innovation through the design and use of 

technologies. More than S$2.5 million was invested in innovative features for two of its projects.

Community/NGOs

CapitaLand is a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact and a Gold member of the Global Compact 

Network Singapore. It is also a founding member of the Singapore Green Building Council.

* GRI 102-40, 102-42, 102-43, 102-44

Social and Relationship Capital

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

47


COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT INVESTMENT AND VALUE 

Community development is a key focus of CapitaLand’s sustainability strategy. This has built strong social capital 

and goodwill for CapitaLand in the communities it operates in. It supports various stakeholder engagement activities 

which include environmental sustainability, health and safety, social integration as well as helping underprivileged 

children. 

HELPING UNDERPRIVILEGED CHILDREN 

A registered charity in Singapore, the philanthropic arm of CapitaLand, CapitaLand Hope Foundation (CHF) invests 

in the fundamental needs of education, healthcare and shelter of underprivileged children to relieve them of hardship 

and help them to eventually break the poverty cycle. Every year, CapitaLand allocates up to 0.5% of its net operating 

profit to CHF and supports its day-to-day operations with staff from the various functional departments within the 

company.

In 2017, CapitaLand invested more than S$2.9 million through CHF to benefit underprivileged children and over 

S$0.5 million in other community development initiatives. CapitaLand measures the impact of its community 

development investments in sustained programmes. For example, it referenced the London Benchmark Group’s 

(LBG)1 model for impact assessment for the CapitaLand-NUHKids Nutrition Fund, which is part of the CapitaLand 

Kids’ Food Fund (KFF). CapitaLand KFF aims to improve food security and nutritional wellbeing of children from 

financially challenged families through the provision of fortified milk formulas and nutritional supplements. In 

2017, through the continued partnership with National University Hospital, People’s Association and Community 

Development Councils, CHF donated more than S$176,000 to benefit more than 1,100 underprivileged children.

CapitaLand-NUHKids Nutrition Fund, Singapore 

CapitaLand-NUHKids Nutrition Fund was established to support underprivileged children undergoing medical 

treatment for specific conditions at the pediatric ward of National University Hospital (NUH). In 2017, of the 

35 beneficiaries supported through the CapitaLand-NUHKids Nutrition Fund, about 57% of the beneficiaries 

have seen an improvement in weight since being supported under the programme; out of which, 85% met the 

optimal weight gain, as advised by NUH. In addition, 13 beneficiaries that was supported in 2016 saw a 92% 

improvement in weight; out of which, about 67% met the optimal weight gain.

Syifaa (not her real name), a three-year-old diagnosed with Nemaline Myopathy and other comorbidities such 

as reflux and respiratory insufficiency is on long term tube feeding via the PEG tube and requires fortified 

milk formula. The Fund has helped alleviate the family’s financial burden by purchasing the feeding bags and 

PEG button. She successfully reached an optimal weight at the 25th percentile and her health improved as 

demonstrated by the drop in readmissions to hospital. This also reduced the stress to her caregivers and she 

started attending school. 

Fabian (not his real name), a five-year-old child diagnosed with dysmorphism with global developmental delay 

has poor appetite and insufficient solid intake. Since receiving financial assistance for milk feeds from 2016, 

he has experienced an increase in height and weight, though he has yet to achieve an optimal level.  His mum 

commented he no longer fall sick easily and no longer missed school and therapy sessions. He has improved 

his speech capability and can now better communicate his needs to his parents. 

(SDG 1, 2)

1 The LBG model is an internationally-recognised framework that enables corporations to measure their overall contribution to the community, 

taking into account cash, time and in-kind donations, as well as management costs.

Social and Relationship Capital

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

48


CapitaLand Young Architect Programme (CYAP)

CYAP aims to inspire the younger generation to play a role in shaping real estate of the future and engage 

the community in rethinking the design of public spaces in their neighbourhood. It was launched in July 2017 

in partnership with the People’s Association, Community Development Councils and National University of 

Singapore (NUS) Department of Architecture. More than 70 secondary students participated in the three-

month programme under the mentorship of CapitaLand staff and students from the NUS ‘Architecture Design 

Facilitation’ course. Their works were featured in a public exhibition at IMM, a CapitaLand mall. The winners of 

the inaugural CapitaLand Young Architect Award also participated in a special student immersion programme 

with CapitaLand during the December school holidays.

A Social Emotional Learning Self-Assessment was completed by 53 student participants and 10 NUS mentors 

during the CYAP. The majority of students and mentors reported that they had improved in the five areas 

assessed, namely Self-Awareness, Self-Management, Social Awareness, Relationship Management and 

Responsible Decision Making. Specifically, 90% of participating students and 80% of NUS mentors reported 

improvement in self-awareness; 81% of students and 80% of NUS mentors reported improvement in relationship 

management.

(SDG 4)

Social and Relationship Capital

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

49

OTHER KEY PROGRAMMES 

Initiative

Impact

 

CapitaLand Therapy for

Children Project (CTCP)

Support the treatment and 

rehabilitation needs of 

underprivileged children with cleft 

lip and palate issues through the 

continual partnership with China 

Foundation for Poverty 

Alleviation. The project was 

implemented by two leading 

NGOs: Smile Angel Foundation   

(嫣然天使基金会) and Future 

Smile Charitable Foundation        

(微笑明天基金会). 

(SDG 1)

Through CHF’s support, CTCP has benefitted 160 children with physical disabilities to date 

and in 2017, 313 children with cleft and palate issues received treatment. Xiaochao, a 

two-year-old boy who lived with his grandma in a small town in Sichuan province had difficulty 

feeding and eating since he was an infant. He was abandoned by his mom at one and a half 

years of age and his father was away working in the city. In August 2017, Xiaochao received 

surgery for cleft lip, and reports indicate he is getting healthier and stronger.

CapitaLand Hope Schools 

New school facilities funded by 

CHF create a more conducive 

learning environment, while 

staying in dormitories allow the 

children to focus on their studies 

and foster character 

development. 

(SDG 4)

In 2017, over 40 CapitaLand staff volunteers and management from Singapore, China, 

Malaysia and Vietnam embarked on a three-day volunteer expedition to CapitaLand 

Xingfuzhilu Hope School located in Chifeng, Inner Mongolia, China, with the aim to improve the 

learning and development environment for the students. The staff volunteers helped with 

gardening work in the school field, installed bookshelves in classrooms, and painted colourful 

wall murals in the activity and art &amp; craft rooms. 

A series of educational activities, including science classes and CapitaLand’s signature Little 

Architect Programme, were also organised for the pupils. A donation of over S$50,000 was 

used to refurbish five classrooms and dormitories as well as provide hot water dispensers and 

schoolbags, etc. 


Social and Relationship Capital

ADVOCATING STAFF VOLUNTEERISM

CapitaLand is a strong advocate of volunteerism and was one of the 

first companies to formalise three days of Volunteer Service Leave 

(VSL) for its staff. In 2017, over 1,600 staff in CapitaLand properties 

tapped on this VSL policy to volunteer more than 13,500 hours2 

in various activities in Asia and beyond. CapitaLand encourages 

its staff to volunteer and over 125 staff dedicated more than 1,700 

hours to volunteer during their personal time on CapitaLand 

initiatives. The estimated salary cost to CapitaLand in 2017 based 

on VSL taken was over S$210,000.

In recognition of staff’s social contribution as volunteers, CHF 

donates S$5003 to an approved Institution of a Public Character 

(IPC) in Singapore or International Non-Profit Organisation or 

RMB1,000 to a China-based children’s charity of the staff’s choice 

when he/she has taken all three days of VSL within the year.

In 2017, 158 staff qualified for this donation incentive and about S$64,000 will be pledged for donation by CHF in 2018.

Based on post-volunteer event surveys, more than 94% of the respondents feel proud working in CapitaLand, and 

enjoy working in a company with a positive and vibrant corporate culture.

SOCIAL INTEGRATION OF CAPITALAND PROPERTIES

CapitaLand is committed to building safe, accessible, vibrant and quality real estate developments to enhance the 

lives of its shoppers, tenants, serviced residence guests, homeowners and members of the community. Its social 

integration criteria include:

 

• Ensuring accessibility in the built environment to people of different age groups and varying mobility;

 

• Connectivity to public transport, roads, amenities and between buildings; and

 

• Providing community spaces as public gathering points.

These criteria are integrated into the CapitaLand’s Sustainable Building Guidelines to ensure that they are considered 

from the start of the project development process. 

Universal Design (UD) considerations ensure that public spaces in CapitaLand projects are accessible to users of 

different age groups and varying abilities. These include:

 

• Seamless connectivity to the external surroundings, e.g. bus stops, adjacent buildings, streets and sidewalks;

 

• Barrier-free access from accessible (handicapped) parking lots and family lots to lift lobbies;

 

• Sheltered and barrier-free drop-off areas;

 

• Accessible (handicapped) parking lots and family lots;

 

• Designated pedestrian lanes in carparks; and

 

• Amenities such as accessible toilets, lifts and nursing rooms.

CapitaLand champions the UD concept in Singapore. In 2017, CapitaLand obtained four Universal Design Awards 

from Singapore’s Building and Construction Authority (BCA).

2 The Group calculated its VSL based on leave taken during office hours.

3 The donation must be used to support programmes that align with CHF’s objective of helping underprivileged children aged 16 years and below 

  in the areas of education, healthcare and shelter in communities where CapitaLand operates.

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

50


Social and Relationship Capital

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

51

The Group’s overseas developments are to comply with local UD/barrier-free codes and guidelines, and are 

encouraged to adopt BCA’s UD Guide in the absence of local codes and guidelines.

The following key figures represent CapitaLand’s overall alignment to the social integration criteria and are based 

on the floor area of its owned and managed properties. More than 70% of CapitaLand’s completed and operational 

properties worldwide have met all criteria for social integration.

More than 95% of CapitaLand’s properties worldwide have at least one access-enabled facility for the disabled. 

These facilities include accessible alighting and boarding bays, lifts, parking lots and public toilets. Its office 

buildings and shopping malls in Singapore, and shopping malls in Japan are also guide-dog friendly.

Over 90% of CapitaLand’s properties worldwide are conveniently located in close proximity to transport hubs such 

as bus stops and train/subway stations. This allows easy access to the surrounding communities and facilities. Free 

shuttle bus services are also available at some of its shopping malls. Bicycle parking facilities are also provided at 

many of its properties. All CapitaLand integrated developments are well connected with public transport facilities.

Close to 90% of CapitaLand’s shopping malls, office buildings and integrated developments have atrium event 

spaces and/or children play areas. These provide communal spaces to promote community engagement. Family or 

nursing rooms are a common feature at CapitaLand’s shopping malls.

Almost all CapitaLand residential projects have disability access enabled facilities, including accessible alighting 

and boarding bays, lifts, parking lots and public toilets.

Ascott Orchard Singapore and Cairnhill Nine – Universal Design Mark Platinum

Ascott Orchard Singapore, a 20-storey serviced residence, and Cairnhill Nine, a 30-storey residential tower is 

an integrated development surrounded by a covered, step-less pedestrian walkway that bridges the height 

differences between Bideford Road and Cairnhill Road, allowing for seamless, sheltered access to the drop-off 

porches and lift lobbies of Ascott Orchard Singapore, Cairnhill Nine, as well as the Al-Falah Mosque. A step-less 

link-bridge provides safe pedestrian crossing between the development and the adjacent shopping mall, and 

braille indicators have been incorporated at appropriate navigational points to help the visually challenged in 

wayfinding.

Ascott Orchard Singapore offers accessible guestrooms with features that cater to the needs of wheelchair 

users, such as wardrobe pull-down systems that allow for easy access to and operation of clothes rails, as well 

as wheelchair-accessible showers with seats. These guestrooms are directly connected to the environmental 

deck (E-deck) to allow for seamless access to recreational facilities. Dual-key units, in which studio and two-

bedroom units can be combined, provides flexibility for multi-generational living.

The E-deck of Cairnhill Nine is lined with wide, covered walkways and provides ample seating as well as 

recessed nooks to accommodate wheelchair users and prams. Recreational facilities are also designed to 

be inclusive. The playground is equipped with multi-generational fitness equipment and seats that come with 

extended arm bars and varying heights suitable for all ages. The swimming pool has staggered platforms with 

handrails that improve accessibility for wheelchair users. The BBQ pits incorporate dual height sinks for use 

by adults and children. Both Ascott Orchard Singapore’s and Cairnhill Nine’s gymnasiums are equipped with 

wheelchair-friendly weight machines.


CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

52

Social and Relationship Capital

RAISING PUBLIC AWARENESS AND COMMUNITY OUTREACH 

CapitaLand organises activities that are aligned with its focus on community investment, raising awareness and 

stakeholder engagement in the areas of philanthropy, environment, health and safety. The social capital generated in 

these focus areas supports CapitaLand’s business and sustained growth. 

Initiative

Impact

 

CapitaLand Giving 

Marketplace

This new initiative aimed to 

promote the spirit of giving 

among CapitaLand staff and 

tenants. They could contribute by 

purchasing goods sold by social 

enterprises and charities. It also 

gave social enterprises and 

charities an opportunity to share 

their causes and products as well 

as offer volunteering 

opportunities.

For every item purchased or 

donations made at the 

marketplace, CHF donated S$3 

to participating charities and 

another S$3 to Rainbow Centre 

Singapore, CapitaLand 

Commercial Trust’s adopted 

charity for 2017.

During the event, guest speakers from the National Volunteer and Philanthropic Centre (NVPC) 

and Community Chest shared more about the art of giving, effective giving and meaningful 

volunteerism. More than 100 staff and tenants participated in the “Art of Giving” lunch talk. A 

post event survey showed 100% of the participants were interested to attend similar future 

events and 100% of the participants felt that the lunch talk helped them learn more about 

giving and volunteering for the community. More than S$6,000 was raised by CHF for the 

beneficiaries.

CapitaLand Earth Hour

Campaign  

It was the tenth year that 

CapitaLand participated in the 

annual global sustainability 

movement to raise awareness on 

climate change and encourage 

individual action.

More than 280 CapitaLand’s properties worldwide participated in the WWF Earth Hour initiative 

by turning off the façade and non-essential lights through the night on 25 March 2017. The 

properties also organised activities to engage tenants, shoppers, residents and the public to 

play their part environmental sustainability in various ways such as saving energy and water, 

taking public transport, recycling and tree planting.

Venue sponsorship for 

health events at CapitaLand 

properties 

CapitaLand malls and office buildings in CapitaLand Mall Trust and CapitaLand Commercial 

Trust.


Social and Relationship Capital

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

53

Framework – Corporate Giving And Volunteerism

Policies

Corporate Philanthropy 

Underprivileged Children (up to 16 years old) 

• 

Employee Volunteerism: Volunteer

Service Leave (paid): three days per year

 

• 

• 

Geography: Communities where CapitaLand operates 

• 

Corporate 

Governance

Governing Authority 

Established CHF as a corporate foundation governed under the Singapore Charities Act 

• 

Conferred Grant Maker Status under the Double Tax Deduction scheme 

• 

Engagement with the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore and Singapore’s Ministry of Culture, 

• 

Community and Youth to ensure legal compliance 

Submission of Annual Report to the Commissioner of Charities, Singapore 

• 

Board of Directors  

One non-executive independent director, one non-executive, non-independent director and

one executive non-independent director 

• 

 

Internal/External Audit 

Thorough audit of ﬁnancial accounts and statements for submission to the Commissioner of Charities, 

• 

Singapore. 

Volunteer Service Administrative System 

Built-in Volunteer Service Leave and Volunteer Service (non-workday) modules into the online HR leave 

• 

application system 

Track both workdays and non-workdays volunteer activities

• 

Strategic Goals

Invest in fundamental needs i.e. education, healthcare and shelter of underprivileged children; to relieve 

• 

them of hardship and eventually break the poverty cycle 

Focus on communities where CapitaLand operates as the long-term success of CapitaLand’s business 

• 

is closely intertwined with the health and prosperity of these communities 

Go beyond donations and be actively involved in projects that will have positive impact on both the 

• 

community and its business

Action Plan

Alignment with Business Goals and Stakeholders’ Interest  

Source of funding for CHF: up to 0.5% of CapitaLand’s annual net operating profit

• 

Align community investment with business and interests of stakeholders e.g. shareholders, consumers, 

• 

employees and the community 

CapitaLand’s corporate governance including internal policies, procedures and codes of business 

• 

conduct (e.g. anti-corruption and whistle blowing policy) 

Employee Volunteerism 

Advocate volunteerism to embody the true spirit of community investment in CapitaLand 

• 

Employee involvement can lead to improved teambuilding, better working relationships and enhanced 

• 

internal brand value 

Support volunteer efforts with a donation to a children’s charity of the employee’s choice if all three days 

• 

of Volunteer Service Leave are taken 

Progress Management  

CHF’s work is well supported by the various departments in the company and linked to effective 

• 

management systems 

Set meaningful targets and key performance indicators when planning community investment initiatives. 

• 

In addition to measuring input, e.g. donation amount, CHF will also look into output and outcome, e.g. 

time invested by staff and impact of donations, referencing LBG model where appropriate

Collaborate with credible, experienced and established organisations to build programmes that will 

• 

have long-term sustainable impact on the beneﬁciaries 

Brand Building  

Building brand, reputation and trust among its stakeholders will help CapitaLand garner wider support, 

• 

which is crucial in maintaining sustainable operations for CHF

Impact

Improved academic results, health and behavioural performance of beneﬁciaries 

• 

Staff volunteers feel proud and enjoy working in the company with a positive and vibrant corporate culture

• 

Building People. Building Communities

To invest in the communities in which CapitaLand operates through its philanthropic arm, CapitaLand

Hope Foundation (CHF), to promote social growth and development of underprivileged children, with

respect to their education, healthcare and shelter needs.

Areas of Focus: Education, Healthcare and Shelter  


Material Topics

(GRI102-47)

Topics Boundary: 

Internal and External 

Management Approach 

References (GRI 103)

Economic

Economic Performance

CapitaLand Group (CL)

Financial Capital (pg 14)

Market Presence

CL, investors

Human Capital (pg 39)

Indirect Economic Impacts

CL, community

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 50, 53)

Anti-corruption

CL, investors, customers, communities

Organisational Capital (pg 16-18)

Environmental

Materials

CL, contractors

Environment Capital (pg 20-26)

Energy

CL, contractors

Water

CL, contractors

Biodiversity

Relevant to the communities where

CL operates

Emissions

CL, contractors

Efﬂuents and Waste

CL, contractors and suppliers

Environmental Compliance

CL, investors

Supplier Environmental Assessment

CL, contractors and suppliers

Social

Employment

CL

Human Capital  (pg 39-42)

Labour/Management Relations

CL

Human Capital (pg 40)

Occupational Health and Safety

CL

Human Capital (pg 34-36)

Training and Education

CL

Human Capital (pg 42)

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

CL

Human Capital (pg 39-2)

Non-Discrimination

CL

Human Capital (pg 39)

Child Labour

CL

Human Capital (pg 39)

Forced or Compulsory Labour

CL

Human Capital (pg 39)

Human Rights Assessment

CL, contractors

Human Capital (pg 34, 38)

Local Communities

CL, communities

Environment Capital (pg 20), 

Human Capital (pg 34), 

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 50, 53)

Supplier Social Assessment

CL, contractors

Human Capital (pg 34-38)

Customer Health and Safety

CL, tenants, contractors, suppliers,

and communities

Human Capital (pg 37-38), 

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 50)

Marketing and Labelling

CL, customers

Organisational Capital (pg 17-18)

Customer Privacy

CL, customers, investors

Organisational Capital (pg 17-18)

Socioeconomic Compliance

CL, investors

Organisational Capital (pg 16-18), 

Human Capital (pg 35)

Material Topics &amp; Boundaries

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

54


102-10

Signiﬁcant changes during the

reporting period 

AR (pg 12-13) 

GRI Standards Content Index for ‘In accordance’ – Core

The GRI Content Index references CapitaLand Limited Sustainability Report 2017 and the Annual Report 2017 (AR).

GRI 102: General

Disclosures 2016

102-1

Organisation’s name

Introduction (pg 4)

102-2

Primary brands, products, and services 

Introduction (pg 1)

102-3

Location of headquarters

Introduction (pg 4)

102-4

Location of operations

AR (pg 2-3)

102-5

Ownership and legal form

AR (pg7)

102-6

Markets served

AR (pg 2-3, 83-88)

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Introduction (pg 1, 3)

Financial Capital (pg 14)

AR (pg 2-3, 6, 76-88)

Disclosure

Number

GRI

Standards

Disclosure Title 

Page Reference

and Remarks

External

Assurance1

(pg 63-66)

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 (GRI 101 does not include any disclosures)

General Disclosures

1 External assurance is only for Sustainability Report and does not cover CapitaLand Limited Annual Report 2017.

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Human Capital (pg 40)

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Environmental Capital (pg 20)

Human Capital (pg 37-38)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 45-47)

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Environmental Capital (pg 20)

Human Capital (pg 37-38, 43)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 45-47)

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

through stakeholder engagement

Environmental Capital (pg 20)

Human Capital (pg 37-38, 43)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 45-47)

GRI Content Index

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

55

102-8

Workforce ﬁgures

Human Capital (pg 39)

102-9

Organisation’s supply chain

Environmental Capital (pg 20, 30-33)

Human Capital (pg 34, 37-38)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 45, 47)

102-11

Report whether and how the

precautionary approach or principle is

addressed by the organisation  

Introduction (pg 9-10)

Environmental Capital (pg 20-26)

102-12

List externally developed economic,

environmental and social charters,

principles, or other initiatives to which

the organisation subscribes    

Introduction (pg 3)

Organisational Capital (pg 14)

Human Capital (pg 40)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 48)

102-13

Memberships of associations and

national or international advocacy

organisations

Introduction (pg 3)

Organisational Capital (pg 15)

Human Capital (pg 39)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 47)

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

President &amp; Group CEO’s Message (pg12-13 )

AR (pg 8-11) 

102-15

Description of key impacts, risks, 

and opportunities

Introduction (pg 9-11)

Organisational Capital (pg 18-19)

Environmental Capital (pg 20)

Human Capital (pg 34)

Social and Relationship Capital (45-47)

AR (28-63)

102-16

Organisation’s values, principles,

standards and norms of behaviour 

Introduction (pg 1)

Organisational Capital (pg 15-18)

AR (pg 42)

102-18

Governance structure

Introduction (pg 6)

AR (14-59, 71-72)

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Environmental Capital (pg 20)

Human Capital (pg 37-38, 43)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 45-47)


GRI 102: General

Disclosures 2016

1 External assurance is only for Sustainability Report and does not cover CapitaLand Limited Annual Report 2017.

102-45

Entities included in the organisation’s

consolidated ﬁnancial statements 

Introduction (pg 3)

AR (pg 7)

102-46

Deﬁning report content and topic

boundaries 

Introduction (pg 6-7)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 45)

102-47

List of material topics

Introduction (pg 6-7)

Material Topics and Boundaries (pg 54)

102-48

Effect of any restatements of information

provided in previous reports 

There are some minor restatements of 2015 and

2016 total CO2 emissions, energy and water usage

Environmental Capital (pg 29) 

102-49

Signiﬁcant changes from previous

reports in the material topics and

boundaries  

There are no signiﬁcant changes from previous

reports. 

102-50

Reporting period

FY 1 January to 31 December 2017

Introduction (pg 3) 

102-51

Date of previous report

Published on 23 May 2017

102-52

Reporting cycle

Introduction (pg 3)

102-53

Contact point

Introduction (pg 4)

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with

GRI Standards 

Introduction (pg 3)

102-55

GRI Content Index

GRI Content Index (pg 55-60)

102-56

Assurance

Introduction (pg 3-4)

Independent Assurance Statement (pg 63-66)

Economic Benefit to Stakeholders

GRI 103:

Management

Approach 2016

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic

and its boundary

pg 6-7, 54

103-2

The management approach and

its components

pg 14, 39, 50, 53

103-3

Evaluation of the management

approach

pg 14, 39, 50, 53

GRI 202: Market

Presence 2016

202-2

Proportion of senior management hired

from local community

Human Capital (pg 39)

GRI

Standards

Disclosure Title 

Page Reference

and Remarks

External

Assurance1

(pg 63-66)

Topic-Specific Standards 

GRI 201:Economic

Performance 2016

201-1

Direct economic value generated

 

Financial Capital (pg 14)

AR (pg 4, 76-82) 

Disclosure

Number

GRI 203:

Indirect Economic

Impacts 2016

Infrastructure investments and services

supported

Environmental Capital (pg 27, 33)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 48-53) 

GRI 205: 

Anti-Corruption

2016

Risk assessment for corruption

Organisational Capital (pg 16-18)

Communication and training on

anti-corruption policies and procedures 

Organisational Capital (pg 16-18)

Incidents and action taken

Organisational Capital (pg 17)

Business Ethics

203-1

205-1

205-2

205-3

GRI 103:

Management

Approach 2016

Explanation of the material topic

and its boundary

pg 6-7, 54

The management approach and

its components

pg 16-18

Evaluation of the management

approach

pg 16-18

103-1 

103-2

103-3

GRI 415: Public

Policy 2016

Political contributions

Organisational Capital (pg 17)

415-1

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

56

GRI Content Index


1 External assurance is only for Sustainability Report and does not cover CapitaLand Limited Annual Report 2017.

Water Management

Biodiversity

 

Energy consumption outside of

the organisation 

Environmental Capital (pg 30)

Energy intensity

Environmental Capital (pg 29, 30)

Reduction of energy consumption

Environmental Capital (pg 22, 27, 30-31)

Reductions in energy requirements of

products and services  

Environmental Capital (pg 22, 27)

GRI 303:

Water 2016

Total water consumption

Environmental Capital (pg 29, 31)

Water sources signiﬁcantly affected 

None during the reporting period

Environmental Capital (pg 25, 31)

Water recycled and reused

Environmental Capital (pg 31)

GRI 304:

Biodiversity

2016

Operational sites in or adjacent to

protected areas or areas of high

biodiversity value 

None during the reporting period

Environmental Capital (pg 25)

Signiﬁcant impact on biodiversity

IUCN Red List species and national

conservation list species affected  

GRI

Standards

Disclosure Title 

Page Reference

and Remarks

External

Assurance1

(pg 63-66)

GRI 103:

Management

Approach

2016

Explanation of the material topic

and its boundary

pg 6-7, 54

The management approach and

its components

pg 20-26

Evaluation of the management

approach

pg 20-26

103-1 

103-2

103-3

GRI 103:

Management

Approach

2016

Explanation of the material topic

and its boundary

pg 6-7, 54

The management approach and

its components

pg 20-26

Evaluation of the management

approach

pg 20-26

103-1 

103-2

103-3

302-2

302-3

302-4

302-5

303-1

303-2

303-3

304-1

304-2

304-4

Energy Efficiency

GRI 103:

Management

Approach

2016

Explanation of the material topic

and its boundary

pg 6-7, 54

The management approach and

its components

pg 20-26

Evaluation of the management

approach

pg 20-26

103-1 

103-2

103-3

GRI 417:

Marketing

Communications

2016

GRI 418:

Customer

Privacy 2016

Incidents of non-compliance

concerning marketing

communications

No instances of non-compliance with

regulations and voluntary codes concerning

product and service information and labeling

during the reporting period.

Substantiated complaints regarding

breaches of customer privacy and

losses of customer data

Despite all efforts to ensure compliance,

there was one breach of customer privacy

where fake emails were sent through a

vendor server to some customers. Third

party consultant was engaged to help

investigate and close the case. 

417-3

418-1

GRI 302:

Energy 2016

Energy consumption within the

organisation 

Environmental Capital (pg 29, 30-31)

302-1

Disclosure

Number

GRI Content Index

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

57


1 External assurance is only for Sustainability Report and does not cover CapitaLand Limited Annual Report 2017.

Construction and Operational Waste

Climate Change and Emissions

GRI 103:

Management

Approach

2016

Explanation of the material topic

and its boundary

pg 6-7, 54

The management approach and

its components

pg 9-10, 20-26

Evaluation of the management

approach

pg 9-10, 20-26

103-1 

103-2

103-3

GRI 305:

Emissions 2016

Direct (Scope 1) greenhouse gas

(GHG) emissions  

Environmental Capital (pg 28-29)

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG

emissions  

Environmental Capital (pg 28-30)

Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions 

Environmental Capital (pg 28-30)

GHG emissions intensity

Environmental Capital (pg 29, 30)

Reduction of GHG emissions

Environmental Capital (pg 22, 30, 31)

305-1

GRI 201: Economic

Performance 2016

Financial implications, risks and

opportunities due to climate change 

Introduction (pg 9-10)

Environment (pg 20-21, 25-26)

201-2

305-2

305-3

305-4

305-5

GRI 103:

Management

Approach

2016

Explanation of the material topic

and its boundary

pg 6-7, 54

The management approach and

its components

pg 20-26, 32-33

Evaluation of the management

approach

pg 20-26, 32-33

103-1 

GRI 301:

Materials 2016

Materials used by weight or volume

Disclosure is not directly applicable as

building materials are purchased by

builders (main contractors). Weight of 10

materials was collated for computation of

embodied carbon. Please see company

approach on how it encourages the use of

recycled and/ or sustainable building

materials on page 26 and 33.

301-1

103-2

103-3

GRI 306: Effluents

and Waste 2016

306-1

306-2

306-3

306-4

306-5

GRI

Standards

Disclosure Title 

Page Reference

and Remarks

External

Assurance1

(pg 63-66)

Water discharge by quality and

destination 

Wastewater is discharged into the public

sewerage system or sewage treatment plant.  

Waste management

Environmental Capital (pg 32-33)

Signiﬁcant spills

None during the reporting period.

Transport of hazardous waste

Disclosure is not applicable as the Company

does not transport, import, export or treat

hazardous waste.  

Discharge and runoffs affecting

protected water bodies 

None during the reporting period. Waste water is

discharged into the public sewerage system or

sewage treatment plant.

Environmental Capital (pg 25)  

Compliance

GRI 103:

Management

Approach

2016

Explanation of the material topic

and its boundary

pg 6-7, 54

The management approach and

its components

pg 20-25, 34, 38

103-1 

103-2

Disclosure

Number

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

58

GRI Content Index

Evaluation of the management approach

pg 20-25, 34, 38

103-3

GRI 307:

Compliance

2016

Non-compliance with environmental

laws and regulations  

Environmental Capital (pg 23)

Some of the main contractors had a total

of six fines totalling of S$50,000.

307-1


1 External assurance is only for Sustainability Report and does not cover CapitaLand Limited Annual Report 2017.

Supply Chain Management

Employment

GRI 103:

Management

Approach

2016

Explanation of the material topic

and its boundary

pg 6-7, 54

The management approach and

its components

pg 20-26, 34, 38, 47

Evaluation of the management

approach

pg 20-26, 34, 38, 47

103-1 

103-2

103-3

GRI 103:

Management

Approach

2016

Explanation of the material topic

and its boundary

pg 6-7, 54

The management approach and

its components

pg 39-42

Evaluation of the management

approach

pg 39-42

103-1 

103-2

103-3

GRI 401:

Employment

2016

401-1

New hires and employee turnover

Human Capital (pg 39, 42, 44)

401-3

Parental leave

Human Capital (pg 41)

GRI 404:

Training and/

Education 2016

404-1

Average hours of training

Human Capital (pg 42-43)

401-3

Employee skills upgrade and transition

assistance programmes

Human Capital (pg 42-43)

GRI 402: Labour/

Management

Relations 2016

402-1

Notice period regarding operational

changes 

Human Capital (pg 42)

404-3

Performance and career development

reviews

Human Capital (pg 41, 42)

GRI 308: Supplier

Environmental

Assessment 2016

GRI 414:

Supplier Social

Assessment 2016

New suppliers screened using

environmental criteria 

Environmental Capital (pg 22)

308-1

Suppliers screened using

social criteria

Human Capital (pg 38)

414-1

Occupational Health &amp; Safety

GRI 103:

Management

Approach

2016

Explanation of the material topic

and its boundary

pg 6-7, 54

The management approach and

its components

pg 34-36

Evaluation of the management

approach

pg 34-36

103-1 

103-2

103-3

GRI 403:

Occupational

Health and Safety

2016

403-1

Staff represented in OHS committee 

Human Capital (pg 34-37)

403-2

Occupational injury

Human Capital (pg 37)

GRI

Standards

Disclosure Title 

Page Reference

and Remarks

External

Assurance1

(pg 63-66)

Disclosure

Number

GRI Content Index

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

59

Diversity and Human Rights

GRI 103:

Management

Approach

2016

Explanation of the material topic

and its boundary

pg 6-7, 54

The management approach and

its components

pg 39-42, 47

Evaluation of the management

approach

pg 39-42, 47

103-1 

103-2

103-3

GRI 405: Diversity

and Equal

Opportunity 2016

405-1

Diversity

Human Capital (pg 39-40, 44)

405-2

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration

of women to men 

Human Capital (pg 40)


GRI

Standards

Disclosure Title 

Page Reference

and Remarks

External

Assurance1

(pg 63-66)

Disclosure

Number

This report may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statement is subject to inherent uncertainties and is based on numerous 

assumptions. Actual performance, outcomes and results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. Representative 

examples of factors which may cause the actual performance, outcomes and results to differ materially from those in the forward-statements include 

(without limitation) changes in general industry and economic conditions, interest rate trends, cost of capital and capital availability, availability of real 

estate investment opportunities, competition from other companies, shifts in customers’ demands, changes in operating conditions, including 

employee wages, beneﬁts and training, governmental and public policy changes and the continued availability of ﬁnancing in the amounts and the 

terms necessary to support future business. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are based on 

current view ofmanagement of future events.

1 External assurance is only for Sustainability Report and does not cover CapitaLand Limited Annual Report 2017.

GRI Content Index

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

60

Products and Services

GRI 103:

Management

Approach

2016

Explanation of the material topic

and its boundary

pg 6-7, 54

The management approach and

its components

pg 34-36

Evaluation of the management

approach

pg 34-36

103-1 

103-2

103-3

GRI 406: Non-

discrimination

2016

406-1

Incidents of discrimination and

corrective action taken 

Human Capital (pg 39)

GRI 408: Child

Labour 2016

408-1

Operations and suppliers at signiﬁcant

risk for incidents of child labour and

measures taken to the effective

abolition of child labour 

Human Capital (pg  39)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 47) 

GRI 409: Forced

or Compulsory

Labour 2016

409-1

Operations and suppliers at signiﬁcant

risk for incidents of forced or

compulsory labour, and measures

taken to eliminate it 

Human Capital (pg 39)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 47)

GRI 412: Human

Rights Assessment

2016

412-1

Operations subjected to human rights

reviews 

Human Capital (pg 34-37, 39, 40)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 47)

GRI 413: Local

Communities 2016

413-1

Operations with local community

engagement, impact assessments, and

development programmes   

Environmental Capital (pg 25)

Human Capital (pg 37-38)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 45-53)

GRI 414: Supplier

Social Assessment

2016

414-1

Suppliers screened using social criteria Human Capital (pg 37-38)

GRI 416:

Customer Health

and Safety 2016

416-1

Health and safety impacts assessment

of products and services  

Human Capital (pg 34, 37-38)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 50-51)

GRI 413: Local

Communities 2016

413-1

Operations with local community

engagement, impact assessments,

and development programmes

Environmental Capital (pg 25)

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 45-53)

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance

Human Capital (pg 35)


10 Principles of the UN Global Compact

Principles

Report Page

Human Rights

Principle 1

Businesses should support and respect the protection of internationally proclaimed 

human rights

39

Principle 2

Make sure that they are not complicit in human rights abuses

Labour

Principle 3

Businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the effective recognition of the 

right to collective bargaining

40

Principle 4

Elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour

39

Principle 5

Effective abolition of child labour

Principle 6

Elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation

Environment

Principle 7

Businesses should support a precautionary approach to environmental challenges

20-33

Principle 8

Undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental responsibility

Principle 9

Encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally friendly technologies

Anti-corruption

Principle 10

Businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, including extortion and bribery

16-18

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

61

United Nations Global Compact


Core Subjects

Report Page

6.2

Organisational governance

The system by which an organisation makes and implements 

decisions to achieve its objectives.

Introduction (pg 5-11),

Organisation Capital (pg 15-19),

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 45-47),

AR (pg 14-59)

6.3

Human rights

Respect for human rights including civil and political rights as 

well as economic, social and cultural rights.

Human Capital (pg 34-45)

6.4

Labour practices

Policies and practices relating to work performed within, by or on 

behalf of the organisation, including sub-contracted work.

Human Capital (pg 34-37, 39-44)

6.5

The environment

Environmental impact of an organisation’s decisions and 

activities, such as use of resources, generation of pollution and 

wastes. 

Environmental Capital (pg 20-33)

6.6

Fair operating practices

Ethical conduct in dealings with other organisations such as 

anti-corruption, socially responsible behaviour, fair competition 

and respect for property rights.

Organisational Capital (pg 16-18),

Environmental Capital (pg 20, 22),

Human Capital (pg 38-38)

6.7

Consumer issues

Responsibilities to customers including having accurate, fair and 

transparent marketing information and contractual processes, 

as well as promoting sustainable consumption and designing 

products that are accessible by all.

Organisational Capital (pg 18),

Environmental Capital (pg 20, 22, 24-27, 

32-33),

Human Capital (pg 34-36),

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 50-51)

6.8

Community involvement and development

Support for and building relationship with the community, so as 

to contribute to community development.

Human Capital (pg 34, 37, 40),

Social and Relationship Capital (pg 45-53)

ISO 26000 Guidance on Social Responsibility

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

62


To the Management of CapitaLand Limited

CapitaLand Limited (CapitaLand) engaged Ere-S Pte Ltd (Ere-S) to carry out an independent assurance of 

CapitaLand Global Sustainability Report 2017 (the Report). The engagement took place in March and April 2018.

SCOPE 

The assurance encompassed the entire Report and focused on all figures, statements and claims related to 

sustainability during the reporting period January 2017 to December 2017. This covers the information provided with 

reference to the following GRI Standards disclosures:

• GRI general disclosures on organisation profile (102-8, 102-9, 102-12, 102-13, 102-14, 102-15, 102-16,  

  102-18), stakeholder engagement (102-40, 102-41, 102-42, 102-43, 102-44) and reporting practice (102- 

  45, 102-46, 102-47, 102-48, 102-49, 102-54, 102-55)

• Economic GRI disclosures on economic performance (201-2), market presence (202-2), indirect economic  

  impacts (203-1) and anti-corruption (205-1, 205-2, 205-3)

• Environmental GRI disclosures on materials (301-1), energy (302-1, 302-2, 302-3, 302-4, 302-5), water     

  (303-1, 303-2, 303-3), biodiversity (304-1, 304-2, 304-4), emissions (305-1, 305-2, 305-3, 305-4, 305-5), 

  effluents and waste (306-1, 306-2, 306-3, 306-4, 306-5), compliance (307-1), supplier environmental 

  assessment (308-1)

• Social GRI disclosures on employment (401-1, 401-3), labour/management relations (402-1), occupational  

  health and safety (403-1, 403-2), training and education (404-1, 404-2, 404-3), diversity and equal 

  opportunity (405-1, 405-2), non-discrimination (406-1), child labour (408-1), forced or compulsory labour  

  (409-1), human rights assessment (412-1), local communities (413-1), supplier social assessment (414-1),  

  public policy (415-1), customer health and safety (416-1)

Ere-S also checked all disclosures on management approaches (GRI DMA) associated with the above topics, as well 

as new or updated historical performance data that was not verified during last year’s assurance engagements by 

Ere-S for CapitaLand’s previous sustainability report. 

A verification on the alignment of the entire Report with the Singapore Exchange (SGX)’s rules on sustainability 

reporting for listed companies was also included as part of the assurance process. 

LIMITATIONS

The assurance did not cover financial data, risk management structures, technical descriptions of buildings, 

equipment and production processes or other information not related to sustainability or already supported by 

existing documents, such as CapitaLand’s Annual Report and third-party audits and certifications (e.g. BCA Green 

Mark, LEED, ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001). 

Ere-S did not check whether all elements provided in the GRI guidance (what to report) on each indicator had been 

fully reported and whether CapitaLand’s approaches listed in the Sustainability Development Goals (SDGs) table 

were specifically aligned with the SDGs. Ere-S did not check the content of CapitaLand’s Annual Report referred to in 

the GRI Content Index.

TYPE OF ASSURANCE AND CRITERIA

The assurance engagement was conducted in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance 

Engagements 3000 (ISAE 3000) and in line with the requirements of a Type 2 assurance of the AA1000 Assurance 

Standard (AA1000AS 2008). 

AA1000AS consists of evaluating the company’s sustainability framework and processes using the criteria of the 

AA1000 AccountAbility Principles (AA1000APS 2008), namely inclusivity, materiality and responsiveness. AA1000AS 

also requires an evaluation of the quality of the reported sustainability performance information. For this, Ere-S 

employed the reporting principles of the GRI Standards (reliability, accuracy, balance, comparability, timeliness, 

clarity, sustainability context and completeness). 

 

Independent Assurance Statement 

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

63


The verification on SGX’s reporting rules was based on clauses 3 to 6 of the “SGX-ST Listing Rules Practice Note 7.6 

Sustainability Reporting Guide”, which include SGX reporting principles and the required five primary components of 

a report (material ESG factors, policies practices and performance, targets, sustainability reporting framework and 

board statement).

ASSURANCE METHODOLOGY

The assurance procedures and principles used for this engagement are compliant with ISAE 3000 and were drawn 

from a methodology developed by Ere-S, which consists of the following steps:

1. Identify statements and data sets, which are classified according to the relevant data owners and the type  

   of evidence required for the verification process.

2. Carry out interviews with key functional managers and data owners at CapitaLand’s corporate office in Singapore.  

 

Data verification included the following:

• Enquiring about the quantitative and qualitative aspects of the Report disclosures, including performance 

  information, policies, procedures and underlying management systems.

• Requesting evidence of the data sources and explanation of relevant collection and calculation methods to

substantiate the figures and claims. This includes limited sampling of quantitative data to validate relevant 

 

sources and other supporting documents.

• Challenging the claims made in the Report and, where possible, confirming the presented evidence,

 

including calculation methods, criteria and assumptions, with multiple data owners and other  

documentation from internal and external sources, such as previous CapitaLand sustainability reports. 

3. Assess the collected information and provide recommendations for immediate correction where required 

   or for future improvement to the Report content. 

For statements on the number (or absence) of complaints, incidents, spills and cases of non-compliance to 

regulations (GRI 205-3, 306-3, 307-1, 406-1, 416-2, 417-3, 418-1, 419-1), on impacts on biodiversity, water sources 

and water bodies (303-2, 304-1, 304-2, 304-4, 306-1, 306-5) and on political contributions (415-1), Ere S assessment 

was essentially based on confirmation by key data owners and, where applicable, internal documents from 

CapitaLand’s accounting, feedback and reporting systems.

RESPONSIBILITY AND INDEPENDENCE

This statement represents the independent opinion of Ere-S, whose responsibility was to provide the assurance, 

to express conclusions in relation to the agreed scope and to prepare the assurance report and this assurance 

statement for the management of CapitaLand alone and for no other purpose. The management of CapitaLand was 

responsible for the preparation of the Report and all statements and figures contained within it. Ere-S has not been 

involved in the development of the Report or the disclosed management processes; neither has Ere-S been engaged 

by CapitaLand for other projects. The activities of Ere S are independent of CapitaLand and contain no financial 

interest in CapitaLand’s business operations.

 

FINDINGS AND OBSERVATIONS

EVALUATION OF THE ADHERENCE TO AA1000 ACCOUNTABILITY PRINCIPLES

Inclusivity - How the organisation engages with stakeholders and enables their participation in identifying issues 

and finding solutions. 

Employees, customers and investors continue to benefit, at global levels, from multiple engagements platforms, 

including regular surveys, meetings and online feedback channels. Formal engagement with the other stakeholder 

groups was also observed but in a less sustained way. Examples of the latter include communication and 

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

64

Independent Assurance Statement 

A moderate level of assurance under AA1000AS was provided for this engagement. A moderate assurance is

restricted to desktop review, management-level evidence gathering and data verification.


Independent Assurance Statement 

engagement with contractors, particularly overseas, to cover specific concerns such as environmental and safety 

approaches, quality of performance data collection and the implementation of CapitaLand’s new supply chain code 

of conduct. Active relationships to discuss key concerns during the reporting period were mainly observed with 

unions and government agencies in Singapore. Except for overseas community partners, there was less evidence of 

similar participation in decision making processes by other stakeholders abroad.

Materiality - How the organisation recognises issues that are relevant and significant to it and its stakeholders.

Key mechanisms to identify and prioritise material issues, measure relevant performances and impacts and set 

appropriate targets could be observed for the reporting period. These included CapitaLand’s global sustainability 

management structure, its certified systems on environment, health and safety, including relevant committees and 

work units, as well as CapitaLand’s enterprise risk management system. Evidence showed that these mechanisms 

were overseen by senior management.

In addition to the engagement channels described above, observed approaches to recognise material issues 

and concerns from stakeholders included non-compliance assessment and reporting systems and the sharing of 

information. Material shared covered incidents, business malpractices, legal updates and the relevant mitigation 

measures and best practices. Some concerns were raised by the unions in Singapore, but there was no evidence of 

other significant issues identified through direct engagement with stakeholders overseas.

Responsiveness - How the organisation responds to stakeholder issues and feedback through decisions, actions, 

performance and communication.

Responsiveness was observed to issues raised by all key stakeholder groups during 2017. In particular, there was 

evidence of actions taken in response to concerns from unions about employees affected by CapitaLand’s newly 

implemented digitalisation programme. Other actions by CapitaLand in response to ongoing material issues that 

could be evidenced during the reporting period included investigations and information sharing following safety 

incidents, cases of non-compliance or malpractice. 

The assurance showed that, during the reporting period, communication platforms including events, meetings 

corporate website, intranet, and other online channels continued to be used to share information about CapitaLand’s 

sustainability strategy and performance with all key stakeholders.

The Report would benefit from additional and diverse case studies showing CapitaLand’s responses to new 

concerns raised by stakeholders during the year and how effectively and timely the organisation mitigates these 

concerns and communicates the results and relevant performance data.

EVALUATION OF THE ADHERENCE TO THE GRI REPORTING PRINCIPLES (QUALITY OF THE REPORT CONTENT)

The content of the Report is sufficiently clear and detailed to provide an overall accurate picture of CapitaLand’s 

sustainability framework and performance during the reporting period. Reported social and environmental policies, 

management approaches, targets and their application appear to comprehensively cover all key operations of the 

organisation and its supply chain. Based on Ere-S assessment of the reported information and underlying processes, 

CapitaLand showed continuous efforts in aligning its sustainability framework with the latest standards and best 

practices in the sustainability context of the real estate and construction sectors.  

Data files and other evidence presented by data owners during the assurance interviews appeared to be detailed 

and coherent, with some noticeable improvements this year in the data sets structure allowing a more effective 

examination of the data trails. With only a few exceptions, all figures assessed through sampling could be traced 

back to their source documents, such as reports and invoices. The majority of the data sets originated from the 

CapitaLand’s in-house data systems, such as its environmental tracking system (ETS) and its HR system. In addition, 

the reporting team repeated the internal desktop audit and detailed sampling checks in 2017 to validate the data 

entries in the ETS. These structured systems and control procedures increase confidence in the overall level of 

reliability of performance information disclosed in the Report.

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

65

However, more detailed performance data, especially from overseas operations and suppliers, would improve the 

completeness of the Report. For example, indicators on safety, water, waste and scope 3 emissions could be more 

exhaustive. Ere-S understands that embodied emissions in the construction sector are still difficult to measure due to 

lack of clear benchmarks.


Independent Assurance Statement 

Based on the Ere-S assessment, reported statements and figures appear to be accurate, with only a few minor 

inconsistencies found during the assurance that were promptly corrected by the reporting team. There is still some 

room to further improve on more detailed reporting of CapitaLand’s global performance. 

Report content is moderately balanced with a limited number of statements and numbers showing negative 

information. These pertain to work-related injuries and fatalities in the workforce and the supply chain, cases of non-

compliance, business malpractice incidents and fines imposed upon contractors. 

EVALUATION OF THE ADHERENCE TO SGX RULES ON SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING

According to Ere-S verification findings, the Report content adheres adequately to SGX sustainability reporting 

principles and rules, including the required five primary components. 

CONCLUSION

On the basis of a moderate assurance engagement according to the above-listed criteria, nothing has come to our 

attention that causes us not to believe that, in all material respects, CapitaLand’s Sustainability Report 2017  

 

 - provides a credible and fair representation of the organisation’s sustainability profile and application of the  

   AA1000 AccountAbility Principles.

 - includes statements and figures that achieve an adequate level of reliability and accuracy.

The assurance findings also provide confidence that the Report has been prepared in accordance with the 

Reporting Principles of GRI Standards and the SGX requirements on sustainability reporting.

MOVING FORWARD

For further improvement of sustainability reporting by CapitaLand, Ere-S recommends the following:

 

 • To be in line with the scope of policies and management approaches covering all key operations and projects,

      CapitaLand is encouraged to continue its efforts in standardising and expanding data collection and reporting

      procedures to locations, sites and properties that are currently not included in the calculations of some

      performance indicators. Due to the multiple challenges that appear to be inherent to the supply chain and local

      infrastructures (e.g. absence of formal waste collection systems), a selective approach based on each location or

 supplier may be crucial for the improvement or implementation of the required measurement and collection processes. 

CapitaLand Limited

Global Sustainability Report 2017

66

 • CapitaLand is also encouraged to further improve the balance of the Report by including more disclosures on any  

      identified and significant negative performance, ideally related to concerns and issues raised by local or overseas  

      stakeholders, and the mitigative actions taken by the organisation. 

The above findings and additional suggestions for improvement have been presented to the management of 

CapitaLand in a more detailed assurance report. 

Singapore, 22 May 2018

Jean-Pierre Dalla Palma 

Director and Lead Certified Sustainability Assurance Practitioner

Ere-S Pte Ltd is a consulting company specialising in business sustainability and provides services in the domains of sustainability reporting, sustainability report 

assurance, stakeholder engagement and training. Our assurance team is composed of assurance practitioners with expertise in corporate sustainability and each 

member is required to follow Ere-S’ assurance code of conduct, which can be found at www.ere s.com/assurance-code-of-conduct. Ere-S is not responsible for any 

actions taken by other parties as a result of the findings presented in this assurance statement.






CapitaLand Limited 

Registration Number: 198900036N

168 Robinson Road 

#30-01 Capital Tower 

Singapore 068912 

Tel +65 6713 2888 

Fax +65 6713 2999 

www.capitaland.com 

