


N U R T U R I N G  O U R  P E O P L E

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 9



CASA HOLDINGS LIMITED




PURPOSE

Bringing joy to people’s lives.

VISION

To be the most admired company with the most 

loved lifestyle brands in Asia.

MISSION

We create innovative, beautifully designed 

lifestyle products, that are premium quality, user-

friendly and bring joy to people’s lives.

01

About Us

01-02

About This Report

03

Message from the Board of Directors

03

Governance Structure

04

Stakeholder Engagement

05

Materiality Assessment

Policies, Practices and Performance in 

Relation 

to the Material ESG Topics

06

07-10

11

12-13

Environmental Initiatives

- 

Energy, Water Consumption and Waste 

Management

-	

Energy	and	Water	Efficient	Products

Social – Our People

- 

Diversity and Equal Opportunities

- 

Talent Attraction and Retention

- 

Training and Education

- 

Safe and Healthy Workplace

- 

Employee Engagement

Social – Supply Chain Management

- 

Engaging Our Suppliers

-	

Customers	Satisfaction	and	Privacy

-	

Product	Health	Management

Governance

- 

Anti-corruption and Corporate 

Governance	(Whistleblowing	Policy	and	

Dealings in Securities)

- 

Risk Management

CONTENTS


1

CASA HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019



ABOUT

US

The	Group	had	its	beginnings	in	1976	when	Casa	(S)	Pte.	Ltd.	was	set	up	to	market	and	distribute	Faber	Cooker	

hoods. Since then, the Group has forged partnerships with some exclusive brand names for home appliances, 

consumer	electronics	and	bathroom	fixtures	from	Europe.	Eventually	they	become	synonymous	with	quality	

home appliances.

Listed	on	20	September	1995	on	SGX	Mainboard,	the	Group’s	core	strength	is	to	market,	distribute	and	provide	

after-sales services/technical supports. In Singapore, the Group has established a wide network of dealers 

including electrical retailers, interior designers, chain stores and property developers. 

ABOUT THIS REPORT

This	is	the	second	Sustainability	Report	(“Report”)	of	Casa	Holdings	Limited	(“The	Group”).	The	Report	addresses	

the	Group’s	distribution	activities	and	data	for	the	financial	year	from	1	October	2018	to	30	September	2019	

(“FY2019”),	as	property	development	and	construction	activities	were	minimal.	

Associated companies and joint venture activities were excluded as the operational controls are held by different 

management teams.

The Group will continue to strengthen its sustainability works in the areas of environmental, social and 

governance aspects which we will share more in our subsequent reports on an annually basis.

In line with our environmental initiatives to conserve resources, an electronic edition of this Report is 

made	available	for	download	on	our	website	at	www.casaholdings.com.sg	and	the	website	of	the	SGX-ST	at	

www.sgx.com.

We	welcome	stakeholders	to	provide	us	with	feedback	and	suggestions	on	this	Report.	You	may	contact	us	at	

corporate@casa.com.sg.







Indulge in the Aqua Lifestyle









Indulge in the Aqua Lifestyle



PANTONE WARM GRAY 9 U

C0  M11  Y20  K74

R153  G139  B125



PANTONE BLACK

C75  M68  Y67  K90

R0  G0  B0



PANTONE 550 U

C38  M4  Y0  K19

R126  G176  B205








2

CASA HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

ABOUT THIS

REPORT

OUR CORE VALUES





Customer obsessed

We care about our customers deeply. Everything we do, we do with the intention 

of bringing joy to our customer’s lives.

C





Aspiring to learn

We believe in continual self-improvement. We are open to learning new things 

and	finding	new	ways	to	improve	ourselves	and	our	company.

A





Speaking up

We believe in open, honest and direct communication. We encourage people to speak 

up and share ideas and opinions across departments to drive innovation and resolve 

issues quickly.

S





Aligned 

We put aside our differences and work together as a cohesive team. We are 

aligned by our purpose; to bring joy to people’s lives.

A





Committed to helping each other

We believe that our people are the source of our strength. We overcome internal 

and external obstacles together. We help each other achieve our tasks in the 

larger interest of making our customers joyful and our company successful.

C





Owning it

We are accountable for the results of the projects we work on. We proactively 

step in to take ownership of and solve customers issues and problems.

O





Daring &amp; bold

We dare to experiment and to take bold and calculated risks. We challenge 

ourselves	to	find	creative	solutions	to	problems.	We	believe	that	failure	is	the	

stepping stone to success.

D





Empathy

Our empathy helps us understand the problems faced by our colleagues and our 

customers. We put ourselves in their shoes, listen and do our utmost to help them.

E


































3

CASA HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019



MESSAGE	FROM

THE	BOARD	OF	DIRECTORS

GOVERNANCE

STRUCTURE

Dear Stakeholders,

The	Board	of	Directors	(“Board”)	is	pleased	to	present	the	Group’s	Sustainability	Report	(“Report”)	for	the	financial	

year	ended	30	September	2019.	The	Report	highlights	the	Group’s	sustainability	journey	and	progression	over	the	

year	in	four	key	areas	(i)	Environmental	Initiatives,	(ii)	Our	People,	(iii)	Supply	Chain	Management	and	(iv)	Governance,	

which	in	our	assessment,	are	the	most	significant	to	our	stakeholders.	

We place strong emphasis on sustainability issues as an integral part of the Group’s strategic formulation. The Group 

aims to achieve delivering quality products and service excellence in a responsible and sustainable ways.

In a rapid changing business environment, we carried out transformation initiatives in order to remain competitive 

and	meet	changing	needs	of	customers.	In	2019,	we	decided	to	strengthen	critical	behaviours	across	the	Group	by	

embarking on a cultural transformation project.

We would like to thank our valued stakeholders for their continued support of the Group. We strive to continue to 

improve our sustainability efforts towards building the business and creating better values for our stakeholders.



Sustainability governance is led by the Board of Directors and supported by all levels of the Group.

We are committed to high standards governance practices to protect the interests of the Group and our 

stakeholders. We will continue to strengthen our sustainability governance structure so as to create long-term 

viability for the Group and our stakeholders.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

AUDIT COMMITTEE

NOMINATING

COMMITTEE

REMUNERATION

COMMITTEE

BIZSAFE COMMITTEE

SG SECURE

COMMITTEE

 PERSONAL DATA 

PROTECTION

COMMITTEE

MANAGEMENT

&amp; STAFF


4

CASA HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019



STAKEHOLDER

ENGAGEMENT

As we progress in our sustainability journey, we understand that the key to maintaining the Group’s long-term 

success is greatly dependant on us meeting or even exceeding the expectations of our key stakeholders.   

We believe that creating an environment to promote regular communication and greater stakeholder 

participation is instrumental to understanding the demands and concerns of our stakeholders. 

The Group adopt both formal and informal channels of communication to understand the needs of our key 

stakeholders. The following table highlights our key stakeholders, their key concerns and mode of engagement:

Stakeholder

Topics of Concern

Method of engagement

Employees

- 

Employee engagement

- 

Talent retention and attraction

- 

Employee safety and well-being

- 

Employee training

- 

Regular staff meeting

-	

Regular	floor	walks

- 

Annual performance review 

with on-going process of 

communication between 

supervisor and employee  

throughout the year 

- 

Whistle-blowing policy

- 

Casa’s newsletters and notice 

board

- 

Employee feedback box

- 

Employee bonding room

- 

Monthly product training

Shareholders

-	

Financial	performance

- 

Corporate governance

- 

Sustainability efforts

-	

Half-yearly	financial	results	

announcements

- 

Annual General Meeting (AGM)

-	

Public	announcement	Via	

SGXNET

- 

Annual Sustainability Report

- 

Corporate website

Customers

- 

Customer satisfaction

- 

Quality products and services

- 

Available feedback platforms

- 

Customer/dealers feedback/ 

satisfaction survey

- 

Regular dealers visit

-	

Product	testing	&amp;	certification

- 

Casa’s and Brands’ websites

- 

Brands’ social media platforms 

e.g.	Facebook

-	

Feedback	handling	through	email	

/ phone calls

- 

Roadshows

Suppliers

-	

Product	quality	assurance

-	

Product	pipeline

- 

Supply chain management

- 

Supplier visits / meetings

- 

Suppliers selection

-	

Thirty	party	certification

- 

Trade shows

Community

- 

Clean and safe environment

- 

Well-being of our community

- 

Reduce consumption of resources 

and expand recycling initiatives

- 

Employee community 

programmes and initiatives

Regulator

- 

Compliance

- 

Government publication/written 

communication

- 

Code of conduct for employees




5

CASA HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019





MATERIALITY

ASSESSMENT

Based on a Group-wide materiality assessment, the following Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) 

factors	were	identified	to	be	material	for	the	Group	and	are	the	focus	of	this	Report.

SUSTAINABILITY CATEGORIES

MATERIAL FACTORS

Environmental 

1. 

Energy, Water Consumption and Waste Management

2.	

Energy	and	Water	Efficient	Products

Social

3.	

Diversity	and	Equal	Opportunities

4. 

Talent Attraction and Retention

5.	

Training	and	Education

6. 

Safe and Healthy Workplace

7. 

Employee Engagement

8.	

Engaging	Our	Suppliers

9.	

Customer	Satisfaction	and	Privacy

10.	 Product	Health	Management

Governance

11. Anti-corruption and Corporate Governance

12.	 Risk	Management




6

CASA HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019



POLICIES,	PRACTICES	AND	PERFORMANCE	IN

RELATION	TO	THE	MATERIAL	ESG	TOPICS

ENVIRONMENTAL INITIATIVES

ENERGY, WATER CONSUMPTION AND WASTE MANAGEMENT

We are committed to protect the environment by promoting environmentally friendly practices. The Group 

encourage	 energy	 saving,	 water	 conserving	 and	 waste	 reducing	 practices	 through	 its	 3Rs	 awareness	 and	

education	initiatives.	3Rs	are	Reduce,	Reuse	and	Recycle.	Our	environmentally	friendly	initiatives:

ENERGY AND WATER EFFICIENT PRODUCTS

In	addition	to	the	above,	the	Group	strive	to	bring	in	products	that	are	energy	and	water	efficient.	The	Group	will	

continue to source for eco-friendly suppliers to enhance its sustainability practices.

While we ensure that refrigerators and laundry dryers meet the minimum requirements of NEA before they 

are allowed for sale in Singapore, we are also conscientiously working with suppliers to increase the range of 

more	energy	efficient	products	for	distribution	at	competitive	prices.	The	Group	are	making	conscious	efforts	on	

promoting	highly	energy	efficient	products	such	as	heat	pump	dryers	which	are	labelled	with	the	most	“ticks”	in	

energy saving grading by NEA. 

As	for	products	which	are	listed	to	be	water	efficient	by	PUB	before	they	can	be	brought	in	to	Singapore	for	

sales, we ensure that these products, namely faucets and washing machines, comply with at least the minimum 

requirements. In addition to that, we endeavour to bring more products which are of higher grading in terms of 

water	efficiency.	

This year, we have introduced laundry washers with AutoDosing technology, which measures the weight of your 

washing to dispense the perfect amount for the load which helps to save water, detergent and energy.

CATEGORY

Initiatives

Energy Saving

•	

Regular	maintenance	of	machinery	&amp;	equipment	to	improve	

productivity, prolong their useful life spans and minimise energy 

consumption

•	

Reminders	to	switch	off	any	idle	facilities	or	equipment	that	are	

powered by energy

Water Conserving

•	

Regular	maintenance	of	water	fittings	to	reduce	risk	of	leakage

•	

Encourage	employees	to	report	to	Admin	Department	in	the	event	of	

any water leakage

Waste Reducing

•	

Reduce	paper	usage	through	double-sided	printing

•	

Reuse	paper	with	single	side	printing

•	

Implement	paperless	initiatives	e.g.	e-invoice	and	e-statement	to	

customers

•	

Paper	that	cannot	be	used	are	sent	to	recycling	plants

•	

Recycle	used	toner	cartridge


7

CASA HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019





POLICIES,	PRACTICES	AND	PERFORMANCE	IN

RELATION	TO	THE	MATERIAL	ESG	TOPICS

SOCIAL – OUR PEOPLE

Our	employees	are	the	key	drivers	in	our	pursuit	to	steer	the	Group	towards	Bringing	Joy	to	People’s	Lives.

Human resources are the foundation that support the Group’s business initiatives and day-to-day activities. 

We believe that a happy workforce will infuse a positive vibes that will energise all around them, including our 

stakeholders.

2019	was	a	fruitful	year	for	Our	People.		The	cultural	transformation	project	was	one	key	initiative	that	the	

Group has embarked on to strengthen our core values. Hence, the birth of CASA Employee Code:





Respect

I respect my colleagues regardless of their job title. Their opinions and views matter to me. I 

respect their culture, language and time. I respect the CASACODE.

R





Energy

I have positive energy. I am cheerful and friendly towards everyone. I connect with and get to 

know my colleagues. I always smile and greet everyone.

E





Action-oriented

I am proactive and strive to anticipate issues before they happen. I lead by example and walk the 

talk (turn my words into actions and deeds)

A





Considerate &amp; Courteous

I jump in to help my colleagues who need help. I give guidance when needed. I am always polite.

C





Humble

I am humble. I accept that I don’t know everything and am not always right. I am open and 

receptive to feedback.

H





Optimistic

I see the glass half-full, not half-empty. I believe there is a creative solution to every problem and 

do	my	utmost	to	find	it.

O





Understanding

I am non-confrontational in my approach. I listen with an open mind and genuinely try to help and 

resolve issues quickly.

U





Trustworthy

I	am	trustworthy.	My	colleagues	can	trust	me	to	get	the	job	done.	Likewise,	I	can	trust	my	

colleagues to do the same.

T


8

CASA HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019



POLICIES,	PRACTICES	AND	PERFORMANCE	IN

RELATION	TO	THE	MATERIAL	ESG	TOPICS



Gender

62%

38%

Male

Female



Residency Status

66%

3%

31%

Singaporean	&amp;	PR

E-Pass	&amp;	S-Pass

Work	Permit



Age Group

25%

23%

17%

8%

4%

23%

20-29

50-59

30-39

60-64

40-49

Above	65

As	at	30	September	2019,	the	Group	has	88	employees.	We	maintain	a	diverse	workforce	in	terms	of	age	and	

nationalities,	with	different	skills	and	experiences.	The	profile	of	our	employees	as	at	30	September	2019	is	as	

follow:

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES

The Group is committed to ensure that all employees are treated fairly, with respect and dignity, regardless of 

nationality, gender, race, religion or rank.

Our hiring procedures are fair, merit-based and non-discriminative. We recruit and select employees based on 

skills, experience and ability to perform the job.

We provide equal opportunities for existing and new employees in order to maintain a diverse and robust work-

force.

TALENT ATTRACTION AND RETENTION

We reward employees based on attributes such as performance, competency and experience. Staff remuneration 

is determined based on performance, responsibilities, as well as the Group’s performance. 

We commend and reward our staff whenever their great service received customers’ compliment.

Annual appraisal is conducted to ensure that our compensation package remains competitive. 






9

CASA HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019





POLICIES,	PRACTICES	AND	PERFORMANCE	IN

RELATION	TO	THE	MATERIAL	ESG	TOPICS

TRAINING AND EDUCATION

Our employees play a vital role in the Group’s pursuit to be 

customer centric.  We recognise the importance of continuous 

professional development of all our employees in quest for service 

excellence.

The Group encourage employees to upgrade their knowledge and 

skillset by providing various training and development programme 

to update them with the right skills and technical know-how in 

order for us to remain relevant in the future.

In	 FY2019,	 our	 staff	 received	 about	 1,516	 hours	 of	 training.	

This year, our training programmes focused on CASA cultural 

transformation, leadership, customer service, product knowledge 

and digital workplace.

We have an orientation programme to give new recruits an introduction to their jobs, their colleagues and the 

company.

SAFE AND HEALTHY WORKPLACE

Workplace safety is of top priority to the Group. Our approach to workplace safety is underpinned by legislative 

requirements and industry safety standards. 

Being	 BizSafe	 Level	 3	 certified,	 we	 have	 established	 a	 Bizsafe	 Committee	 to	 oversee	 and	 monitor	 the	

establishment and maintenance of safety practices and policies of the Group.

We	upskill	our	employees	in	area	of	workplace	safety	by	sending	them	for	related	certified	training	in	workplace	

safety,	first	aid	and	Automated	External	Defibrillator	(AED).








10

CASA HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019



POLICIES,	PRACTICES	AND	PERFORMANCE	IN

RELATION	TO	THE	MATERIAL	ESG	TOPICS

We	 train	 our	 employees	 on	 fire	 safety	 hazard	 processes	 at	 the	

workplace by holding regular fire and emergency evacuation 

exercise. 

Aside from promoting a safe workplace, the Group also organises 

complimentary health screening, health talk and regular healthy 

food	distribution	for	our	employee	to	encourage	a	fit	and	healthy	

workforce. 

In	FY2019,	the	Group	participated	in	the	National	Steps	Challenge	

organised	by	the	Health	Promotion	Board.	CASA	ranks	27	out	of	

the	 63	 organisations	 in	 the	 Wholesales	 &amp;	 Retail	 Trade	 Industry	

with	an	average	step	of	6,648.

EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT

In order to build a stronger working relationship across all levels, 

the Group ensure that ready channels, such as a employee 

feedback box, are available for employees to communicate with us. 

We recognise the importance of discussions in clearing up 

misunderstandings and preserving harmonious relations. We have 

procedure in place for the handling of any employee’s grievance.

Our management team regularly engage with the staff through 

monthly meetings. This practice fosters communication, 

cooperation, mutual trust and respect among employees.

We encourage our employees to participate in our social 

contribution	initiatives,	such	as	food	donation	to	Food	Bank.		In	

addition,	two	of	our	employees	supported	the	Hair	for	Hope	2019,	

a signature outreach event organised by the Children’s Cancer 

Foundation.	 Our	 CASA	 shavees	 have	 courageously	 shaven	 their	

heads to shout out to children with cancer that they are not alone 

in their battle against cancer.  Not only did these initiatives make a 

difference to those in need, it also inculcates the culture of giving 

and creates a bonding event for our employees.






11

CASA HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019





POLICIES,	PRACTICES	AND	PERFORMANCE	IN

RELATION	TO	THE	MATERIAL	ESG	TOPICS





SOCIAL – SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

ENGAGING OUR SUPPLIERS

We visit suppliers’ factories and hold regular meetings with our suppliers to give feedback and take on their 

feedback and formulate action plans where possible to enhance the sustainability of our partnership. 

Our	suppliers	are	expected	to	meet	our	required	specifications	and	deliver	products	that	are	of	consistent	quality.

Our major suppliers are selected based on track record, their ability to deliver quality products and services, 

competitive pricing and high ethical standards that adhere to our sustainability practices.

The Group is on constant lookout for new products to add to our product range. We attend related trade shows 

to seek collaboration with new business partners to broaden our product offering to customers.

CUSTOMERS SATISFACTION AND PRIVACY

Our future is dependent on our ability to maintain a strong customer relationship with our dealers and 

consumers. We strive to supply quality products and provide reliable services, both pre and after sales services to 

our customers.

Our after-sales service centre is staffed with trained customer service officers and technicians to assist 

customers who require after-sales service. Customers can also make inquiries through sales and marketing 

personnel and senior management.

We value feedbacks from our customers. We follow up on customer feedback on a timely basis. The Group make 

relentless efforts to improve our service standards through customers’ feedback.

The	 Group	 protects	 the	 privacy	 of	 our	 customers’	 information.	 Our	 Personal	 Data	 Protection	 Policy	 clearly	

defines	our	approach	to	personal	data	management.	The	privacy	of	our	customers	is	of	paramount	importance.	

While we collect personal data in the furtherance of our business activities, we do not sell, rent or give away 

personal data of our customers to third parties for commercial purposes. There were no instances on breaches of 

customer	confidential	information	during	the	reporting	period.

PRODUCT HEALTH MANAGEMENT

Product	safety	is	our	utmost	priority.	To	ensure	that	the	Group	remains	at	the	forefront	of	quality	assurance,	we	

seek to conform to well-recognised industry standards and regulatory requirements. 

We carry only home appliances that are in compliance with mandatory requirements prescribed by the 

respective	agencies.	Furthermore,	we	take	customers’	safety	as	a	top	priority;	we	act	timely	and	responsibly	

when incidents are envisaged to happen in order to protect customers from unnecessary harm.

To	protect	the	financial	interest	of	the	Group,	in	addition	to	holding	our	suppliers	liable	for	product	defects	

whenever practicable whereby costs associated with defective product are passed to suppliers to the extent 

possible.	Furthermore,	should	there	be	cases	of	claims	from	customers	pertaining	to	damage	to	properties	owing	

to products defect, we are covered by product liability insurance.


12

CASA HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019



POLICIES,	PRACTICES	AND	PERFORMANCE	IN

RELATION	TO	THE	MATERIAL	ESG	TOPICS

GOVERNANCE

ANTI-CORRUPTION AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Group is committed to ensuring and maintaining good corporate governance in order to safeguard the 

interest of our stakeholders.

We endeavour to strengthen the ethical environment and promote professional conduct within the Group. We 

have a Code of Conduct that is communicated to all employees. It provides detailed guidelines to ensure that 

employees’	 business	 conduct	 is	 consistent	 with	 ethical	 standards.	 The	 Policy	 also	 requires	 all	 employees	 to	

declare any direct or indirect interest in, or relationship with other businesses and organisations where potential 

conflicts	of	interest	may	arise.

Whistle Blowing Policy

A whistle blowing policy is in place to aid in the deterrence and reporting of corporate malpractice and 

misconducts. The policy provides the mechanisms where employees of the Group may, in good faith and in 

confidence,	submit	incident	or	concern	about	possible	corporate	malpractices	and	misconducts	or	other	matters	

directly to the Chairman of Audit Committee.

Details of the whistle blowing policy have been made available to all employees. Through a well-defined 

procedure, all reported incident or concern will be duly and independently investigated and handled with 

appropriate	measures.	The	Chairman	of	Audit	Committee	will	ensure	the	confidentiality	and	anonymity	of	the	

employee reporting the incident or concern to the fullest extent reasonably practicable within the requirements 

of the law.

Due	to	confidentiality,	the	Chairman	of	Audit	Committee	shall	table	to	the	Audit	Committee	during	its	half	yearly	

meetings	only	the	number	of	reported	cases.	The	full	report	will	be	submitted	under	confidential	cover	to	the	

Audit	Committee.	For	serious	reported	incidents	or	concerns,	the	Chairman	of	Audit	Committee	shall	submit	

its	report	under	confidential	cover	to	the	Audit	Committee	via	circulation	or	through	a	special	Audit	Committee	

meeting arranged as soon as possible.

The Audit Committee shall review the report, advise and authorise the Chairman of Audit Committee of an 

appropriate action to be taken against the investigated incident or concern. Where appropriate or required, we 

will	file	a	formal	report	with	the	relevant	government	authorities	for	further	investigation	or	action.

In	FY2019,	we	are	not	aware	of	any	incident	or	concern,	confirmed	or	suspected.




13

CASA HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019







POLICIES,	PRACTICES	AND	PERFORMANCE	IN

RELATION	TO	THE	MATERIAL	ESG	TOPICS

Dealings in Securities

In	line	with	Listing	Rule	1207	(19)	of	the	Listing	Manual,	the	Company	has	in	place	a	policy	prohibiting	dealings	

in	the	shares	of	the	Company	by	Directors	and	Officers	of	the	Company	for	the	period	of	one	month	prior	to	

the announcement of the Company’s half yearly and yearly results as the case may be, and ending on the date of 

the	announcement	of	the	relevant	results.	Directors	and	Officers	are	discouraged	from	trading	the	Company’s	

securities on short-term considerations and are expected to observe the insider trading laws at all times even 

when dealing in securities within permitted trading period.

For	more	details	of	the	Group’s	corporate	governance	practices,	please	refer	to	Corporate	Governance	Report	

from	page	9	to	18	of	the	Annual	Report.

RISK MANAGEMENT

The	Group	has	an	Enterprise	Risk	Management	Framework	(“Framework”)	in	place.	The	Framework	has	been	

reviewed by the Audit Committee and approved by the Board of Directors.

The	Group	conducts	regular	review	of	its	business	and	operational	activities	to	in	order	to	identify	significant	

areas of risks so that timely measures can be implemented to mitigate these risks.


15 Kian Teck Crescent

Singapore 628884

Tel: 65 6268-0066

Fax: 65 6266-8069

www.casaholdings.com.sg



CASA HOLDINGS LIMITED

