










SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021




PURPOSE

Bringing joy to people’s lives.

01

About Us

01-02

About This Report

03

Message from the Board of Directors

03

Governance Structure

04

Stakeholder Engagement

05

Materiality Assessment

Policies, Practices and Performance in 

Relation to the Material ESG Topics

06

Environmental Initiatives

- 

Energy, Water Consumption and Waste 

Management

-	

Energy	and	Water	Efficient	Products

CONTENTS

07-09

Social – Our People

- 

Diversity and Equal Opportunities

- 

Talent Attraction and Retention

- 

Training and Education

- 

Safe and Healthy Workplace

- 

Employee Engagement

10

Social – Supply Chain Management

- 

Engaging Our Suppliers

-	

Customers	Satisfaction	and	Privacy

-	

Product	Health	Management

11

Governance

- 

Anti-corruption and Corporate Governance 

(Whistle	Blowing	Policy	and	Dealings	in	

Securities)

- 

Risk Management

12-14

GRI Standards Content Index

VISION

To be the most admired company with the most 

loved lifestyle brands in Asia

MISSION

We create innovative, beautifully designed lifestyle 

products, that are premium quality, user-friendly and 

bring joy to people’s lives.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

1

ABOUT 

US

Since 1976, the Group has forged partnerships with some exclusive brand names for home appliances, consumer 

electronics	and	bathroom	fixtures	from	Europe.	This	year,	we	brought	in	a	smart	indoor	air	quality	sensor		product	under	

the Uhoo brand, and high volume low speed (“HVLS”) fan under the EVEL  brand, as our part of our strategy to bring in 

innovative products to  expand our product range and extend our reach to a different consumer segment.

Listed on the Mainboard of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited, the Group’s core strength is to market, 

distribute and provide after-sales services/technical supports. In Singapore, the Group has established a wide network of 

dealers including electrical retailers, interior designers, chain stores and property developers. In addition, we also offer our 

products directly to consumers via our online store at https://shop.casa.sg and our showroom at 15 Kian Teck Crescent. 

ABOUT THIS REPORT

This is the third Sustainability Report (“Report”) of Casa Holdings Limited (“The Group”). The Sustainability Report 

(“Report”)	addresses	the	Group’s	distribution	activities	for	the	financial	year	from	1	October	2020	to	30	September	2021	

(“FY2021”), as property development and construction activities were minimal. Associated companies and joint venture 

activities were excluded from this Report as the operational controls are held by different management teams.

The Report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: Core Option. We 

chosen the GRI Standards as it provides a set of extensive framework that is largely accepted as a global standard for 

sustainability reporting.

Information	contained	in	this	Report	has	not	been	verified	by	an	independent	third	party.

The Group will continue to incorporate sustainability initiatives in its business process to enhance its sustainability journey 

in the areas of environmental, social and governance aspects. We will share more in our subsequent reports on an annually 

basis.

An electronic edition of this Report is made available for download on our website at https://casa.sg and the website of 

the SGX-ST at www.sgx.com.

We welcome stakeholders to provide us with feedback and suggestions on this Report. You may contact us at 

corporate@casa.com.sg.



Indulge in the Aqua Lifestyle









Indulge in the Aqua Lifestyle



PANTONE WARM GRAY 9 U

C0  M11  Y20  K74

R153  G139  B125



PANTONE BLACK

C75  M68  Y67  K90

R0  G0  B0



PANTONE 550 U

C38  M4  Y0  K19

R126  G176  B205




















CASA HOLDINGS LIMITED

2









ABOUT THIS

REPORT

CASA Values

A company’s core values help to create a moral compass and sense of commitment in the workplace. It shapes and create 

a	company	culture	that	unifies	the	team	and	brand	image.

Care

To place oneself in the shoes of customers to relate to the problems 

they faced.

Accountability

To be accountable for solving customer issues, which in turn, nurtures 

trusting relationships.

Support

To commit to bringing the best experience to customers.

Ambition

To continually drive industry innovation so as to transform and lead the 

wider marker

C

A

S

A


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

3

BIZSAFE COMMITTEE

SG SECURE

COMMITTEE

 PERSONAL DATA 

MESSAGE FROM 

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

GOVERNANCE 

STRUCTURE

Dear Stakeholders,

The	Board	of	Directors	(“Board”)	is	pleased	to	present	the	Group’s	Sustainability	Report	(“Report”)	for	the	financial	year	ended	30	

September 2021 (“FY2021”).

FY2021 was an exciting year for Casa as we rebranded with a new logo, colour scheme and website! Casa means ‘home’ in 

Spanish-Italian and we took inspiration from the Chinese character ‘   ’. Our new logo resembles a roof over one’s head and 

speaks of unity while embodying the quality and experience that Casa promises. We chosen a unique shade of green that 

evokes a comfortable and pleasant feeling that makes you feel right at home. It is sleek and also conveys reliability in whatever 

we do. 

As part of our rebranding exercise, we also renewed our showroom to give it a modern makeover.  Customers can now purchase 

Casa products from our online store, our new showroom, as well as at our extensive network of dealers’ shops.

During the year, we expanded our products range with two new brands, namely Uhoo and Evel. Uhoo specialise in air monitoring 

device that allow you to take control of the air you breathe and track your progress towards building a healthier home. Evel 

design and produces industrial and commercial HVLS solution that decreases temperature and removes humidity, creating 

greater comfort in the work environment. In addition, the HVLS products also have an extremely low energy consumption. The 

Group will continue to source for products or brands to expand our product offering.  

COVID-19 persist with new coronavirus variants, such as Delta and Omicron, which continue to disrupt supply chain and pose 

challenges in supply management where ports around the world were closed when labours were infected or to contain the 

coronavirus.  While the COVID-19 pandemic carries on to impact businesses, we are delighted that our business volumes had 

went back to pre-pandemic level this year. We remain committed to adjust ourselves to adapt to the development of COVID-19 

and are optimistic that Casa will emerge stronger from the COVID-19 crisis. 

We would like to express our sincere appreciation to all our valued shareholders, dealers, suppliers, service providers, bankers, 

business associates, as well as our staff, for their continued support of the Group. We will continually enhance our sustainability 

practices	to	ensure	business	continuity	and	profitability	in	this	challenging	period	of	the	pandemic.

Sustainability governance of the Group 

is led by the Board of Directors and 

supported by all levels in the Organisation.

We believe that strong governance is 

vital to a sustainable business. We are 

committed to continuously strengthening 

our governance structure to deliver 

sustainable values to our stakeholders.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

NOMINATING

COMMITTEE

REMUNERATION

COMMITTEE

MANAGEMENT

&amp; STAFF

BOARD OF DIRECTORS


CASA HOLDINGS LIMITED

4

The pandemic had entered its second year. Engaging stakeholders using virtual meeting platforms and other telecommuting 

tools	are	here	to	stay.	We	had	our	annual	general	meeting	online	for	the	first	time	in	January	2021.	Borders	are	still	closed	and	

we are only able to attend online trade shows and engage with overseas suppliers electronically.

We	identify	our	key	stakeholders	based	on	their	dependence	and	influence	on	our	business.

Casa adopt both formal and informal channels of communication to understand the needs of our key stakeholders. We continue 

to	engage	our	stakeholders	online	and	offline.	The	following	table	highlights	our	key	stakeholders,	their	key	concerns	and	mode	

of engagement:

STAKEHOLDER

TOPICS OF CONCERN

METHOD OF ENGAGEMENT

Employees

- Employee engagement

- Talent retention and 

attraction

- Employee safety and well-

being

- Employee training

- Safe work environment

-	 Regular	dialogues	(online	and	offline)	

-	 Regular	floor	walks	

-	 Performance	appraisal	&amp;	staff	recognition		

- Whistle-blowing mechanism 

- Casa’s newsletters and notice  board 

- Employee feedback box 

- Employee bonding room 

- Regular product update 

- Regular updates on COVID-19 and safe-distancing measures 

Shareholders

- Financial performance

- Corporate governance

- Sustainability efforts

-	 Half-yearly	financial	results	announcements

- Annual General Meeting (AGM)

-	 Public	announcement	Via	SGXNET

- Annual Sustainability Report

- Corporate website

Customers

- Customer satisfaction

- Quality products and 

services

- Available feedback 

platforms

- Customer/dealers feedback/ satisfaction survey 

-	 Regular	dealers	engagement	(online	and	offline)	

-	 Product	testing	&amp;	certification	

- Our Brands’ websites and Casa eShop 

- CASA brands’ social media platforms  e.g. Facebook, Instagram 

- Feedback handling through email / phone calls 

- Concept Corners at major retailers’ store 

Suppliers

-	 Product	quality	assurance

-	 Product	pipeline

- Supply chain management

- Regular interaction (online)

- Suppliers selection

-	 Thirty	party	certification

- Virtual trade shows

Community

- Clean and safe 

environment

- Well-being of our 

community

- Reduce consumption of resources and expand recycling  

initiatives

- Employee community programmes and initiatives

Regulator

- Compliance

- Government publication/written communication

- Code of conduct for employees

STAKEHOLDER 

ENGAGEMENT


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

5

We	did	an	assessment	of	our	material	Environmental,	Social	and	Governance	(“ESG”)	factors	and	identified	the	following	ESG	

aspects to be material for the Group to build a sustainable business and are the focus of this Report.

SUSTAINABILITY CATEGORIES

MATERIAL FACTORS

Environmental 

1. 

Energy, Water Consumption and Waste Management

2.	

Energy	and	Water	Efficient	Products

Social

3.	

Diversity	and	Equal	Opportunities

4. 

Talent Attraction and Retention

5. 

Training and Education

6. 

Safe and Healthy Workplace

7. 

Employee Engagement

8. 

Engaging Our Suppliers

9.	

Customer	Satisfaction	and	Privacy

10.	 Product	Health	Management

Governance

11. Anti-corruption and Corporate Governance

12. Risk Management

MATERIALITY 

ASSESSMENT


CASA HOLDINGS LIMITED

6













ENVIRONMENTAL INITIATIVES

Energy, Water Consumption and  Waste Management

We promote energy saving, water conserving and waste reducing practices. Our environmentally friendly initiatives:

Energy and Water Efficient Products

The	Group	strive	to	bring	in	products	that	are	energy	and	water	efficient.

We	aim	to	bring	more	products	which	are	of	higher	grading	in	terms	of	energy	and	water	efficiency	that	can	be	distributed	

at a competitive price. This year we brought in water closets that use minimum water consumption. Our new HVLS fans are 

designed to have extremely low energy consumption.

•	

Regular	servicing	of	machinery	&amp;	equipment	to	maintain	energy	efficiency	

and maximise their useful life spans

• 

Reminders to switch off any idle facilities or equipment that are powered 

by energy

•	

Using	energy	efficient	LED	lights

•	

Frequent	servicing	of	water	fittings	to	reduce	risk	of	leakage

•	

Encourage	employees	to	report	to	HR	Department	in	the	event	of	any	

water	leakage

• 

Promote double-sided printing

• 

Reuse paper with single side printing

•	

Implement	paperless	initiatives	with	the	implementation	of	new	ERP

• 

Recycle used toner cartridge

•	

Encourage	use	of	sustainable	items	to	reduce	our	carbon	footprint

Energy Saving

Water 

 Conserving

Waste 

Reducing

POLICIES, PRACTICES AND PERFORMANCE IN

RELATION TO THE MATERIAL ESG TOPICS


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

7

SOCIAL – OUR PEOPLE

Our	people	are	the	key	drivers	in	our	pursuit	to	steer	the	Group	towards	Bringing	Joy	to	People’s	Lives.

CASA Employee Code below outlines our expectations regarding our workforce behaviour towards colleagues, supervisors and 

all in the organisation.

Respect

I respect my colleagues regardless of their job title. Their opinions and views matter 

to me. I respect their culture, language and time. I respect the CASA Values.

Energy

I have positive energy. I am cheerful and friendly towards everyone. I connect with 

and get to know my colleagues. I always smile and greet everyone.

Action-oriented

I am proactive and strive to anticipate issues before they happen. I lead by example 

and walk the talk (turn my words into actions and deeds)

Considerate &amp; Courteous

I jump in to help my colleagues who need help. I give guidance when needed. I am 

always polite.

Humble

I am humble. I accept that I don’t know everything and am not always right. I am 

open and receptive to feedback.

Optimistic

I see the glass half-full, not half-empty. I believe there is a creative solution to every 

problem	and	do	my	utmost	to	find	it.

Understanding

I am non-confrontational in my approach. I listen with an open mind and genuinely 

try to help and resolve issues quickly.

Trustworthy

I am trustworthy. My colleagues can trust me to get the job done. Likewise, I can 

trust my colleagues to do the same.

R

E

A

C

H

O

U

T

POLICIES, PRACTICES AND PERFORMANCE IN

RELATION TO THE MATERIAL ESG TOPICS


CASA HOLDINGS LIMITED

8

As	at	30	September	2021,	the	Group	has	91	employees.	We	maintain	a	diverse	workforce	in	terms	of	age	and	nationalities,	with	

different	skills	and	experiences.	The	profile	of	our	employees	as	at	30	September	2021	is	as	follow:

Diversity and Equal Opportunities

The Group is committed to ensure that all employees are treated fairly, with respect and dignity, regardless of nationality, gender, 

race, religion or rank.

Our hiring procedures are fair, merit-based and non-discriminative. We recruit and select employees based on skills, experience 

and ability to perform the job.

We provide equal opportunities for existing and new employees in order to maintain a diverse and robust work-force.

Any staff who feels unfairly treated against can approach our Human Resource Department for assistance. In FY2021, we did 

not receive any complaint on discriminatory practices in workplace.

Talent Attraction and Retention

We reward employees based on attributes such as performance, competency and experience. Staff remuneration is determined 

based on performance, responsibilities, as well as the Group’s performance.

In addition to government regulated leaves, the Group also provides family care leave, compassionate leave and birthday leave 

for employees.

We commend and reward our staff whenever their great service received customers’ compliment.

We conduct annual appraisal to review and ensure that our compensation package remains competitive.

24%

26%

30-39

Work Permit

20-29

Singaporean &amp; PR

13%

70%

50-59

20%

60-64

11%

Above 65

7%

AGE GROUP

Residency



40-49

S-Pass

25%

4%

GENDER



43% Female

57% Male

POLICIES, PRACTICES AND PERFORMANCE IN

RELATION TO THE MATERIAL ESG TOPICS


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

9

Training and Education

Our people are key to the Group’s success.

We acknowledge the importance of upgrading the skillsets of our employees is key to remain relevant in current competitive 

environment.

In FY2021, our staff received on average 6.0 hours of training per employee. We endeavour to develop our employee training 

programs to improve our workforce functional and technical skills to meet our business objectives. This year, our training 

focused	on	first	aid	course,	cybersecurity,	sustainability,	data	analytics,	digital	transformation	and	digital	marketing.

We have an orientation programme to give new recruits an introduction to their jobs, their colleagues, and the company.

Safe and Healthy Workplace

Workplace safety is of top priority to the Group. Our approach to workplace safety is underpinned by legislative requirements and 

industry safety standards.

Being	BizSafe	Level	 3	certified,	 we	have	 established	a	 Bizsafe	Committee	 to	 oversee	and	 monitor	 the	establishment	and	

maintenance of safety practices and policies of the Group.

Our	employees	are	trained	in	workplace	safety,	first	aid	and	Automated	External	Defibrillator	(AED).

We procure masks, sanitizers and Antigen Rapid Test (“ART”) kits to our staff to ensure their well-being are taken care of while 

performing their tasks. 

The Company will monitor the COVID-19 related developments and advisories on the Ministry of Health and other government 

agencies’ websites.

Employee Engagement

We promote a harmonious relations in workplace. We have procedure in place for the handling of any employee’s grievances.

Our management team engage with the staff through meetings and mobile chat group. We believe that this practice fosters 

communication, cooperation, mutual trust and respect among employees.

Due to the pandemic, we are unable to organise get-together sessions for our staff. However, the Group is committed to 

continue to engage our workforce through emails, digital workspace that we have set up and distribution of bento lunch for staff.

POLICIES, PRACTICES AND PERFORMANCE IN

RELATION TO THE MATERIAL ESG TOPICS


CASA HOLDINGS LIMITED

10

SOCIAL – SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

Engaging Our Suppliers

We engage with our suppliers by holding regular online meetings or through emails to give feedback and take on their feedback 

and formulate action plans where possible to enhance the sustainability of our partnership.

We select our suppliers based on track record, their ability to deliver consistent quality products and services on time, 

competitive pricing, environmentally sustainable and high ethical standards that adhere to our sustainability practices.

The Group is on constant lookout for new business collaboration to expand our product offering to customers.

Customers Satisfaction and Privacy

Customer satisfaction is one of our key priorities as it is the key determinant of our success. We have trained customer service 

officers	and	technicians	to	assist	customers	who	require	after-sales	service.	

Customers can contact us through our service hotline, via our website or emails to request service appointment or submit their 

feedback. We strive to follow up on customer feedback on a timely basis and will continue to improve our service standards 

through customers’ feedback and using technology.

We	have	a	Personal	Data	Protection	Policy	that	defines	our	approach	to	personal	data	management.	We	collect	personal	data	

in the furtherance of our business activities, but we do not sell, rent, or give away personal data of our customers to third parties 

for	commercial	purposes.	There	were	no	instances	on	breaches	of	customer	confidential	information	during	the	reporting	

period.

Product Health Management

Casa view product safety as our utmost priority. We carry only home appliances that comply with mandatory requirements 

prescribed by the respective agencies. Furthermore, we take customers’ safety as a top priority; we act timely and responsibly 

when incidents are envisaged to happen to protect our customers from unnecessary harm.

To ensure economic sustainability of the Group, we hold our suppliers liable for product defects whenever practicable whereby 

costs associated with defective product are claimed from suppliers to the extent possible. Furthermore, should there be cases 

of claims from customers pertaining to damage to properties owing to products defect, we are covered by product liability 

insurance.

POLICIES, PRACTICES AND PERFORMANCE IN

RELATION TO THE MATERIAL ESG TOPICS


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

11

POLICIES, PRACTICES AND PERFORMANCE IN

RELATION TO THE MATERIAL ESG TOPICS

GOVERNANCE

Anti-corruption and Corporate Governance

The Group is committed to ensuring and maintaining good corporate governance to safeguard the interest of our stakeholders.

We endeavour to strengthen the ethical environment and promote professional conduct within the Group. We have a Code of 

Conduct that is communicated to all employees. It provides detailed guidelines to ensure that employees’ business conduct 

is	consistent	with	ethical	standards.	The	Policy	also	requires	all	employees	to	declare	any	direct	or	indirect	interest	in,	or	

relationship	with	other	businesses	and	organisations	where	potential	conflicts	of	interest	may	arise.	In	addition,	all	employees	

are required to return a nil declaration at least once a year.

In FY2021, there were no reported case of corruption.

Whistle Blowing Policy

A whistle blowing policy is in place to aid in the deterrence and reporting of corporate malpractice and misconducts. The policy 

provides	the	mechanisms	where	employees	of	the	Group	may,	in	good	faith	and	in	confidence,	submit	incident	or	concern	about	

possible corporate malpractices and misconducts or other matters directly to the Chairman of Audit Committee.

Details	of	the	whistle	blowing	policy	have	been	made	available	to	all	employees.	Through	a	well-defined	procedure,	all	reported	

incident or concern will be duly and independently investigated and handled with appropriate measures. The Chairman of Audit 

Committee	will	ensure	the	confidentiality	and	anonymity	of	the	employee	reporting	the	incident	or	concern	to	the	fullest	extent	

reasonably practicable within the requirements of the law.

Due	to	confidentiality,	the	Chairman	of	Audit	Committee	shall	table	to	the	Audit	Committee	during	its	half	yearly	meetings	only	

the	number	of	reported	cases.	The	full	report	will	be	submitted	under	confidential	cover	to	the	Audit	Committee.	For	serious	

reported	incidents	or	concerns,	the	Chairman	of	Audit	Committee	shall	submit	its	report	under	confidential	cover	to	the	Audit	

Committee via circulation or through a special Audit Committee meeting arranged as soon as possible.

The Audit Committee shall review the report, advise, and authorise the Chairman of Audit Committee of an appropriate action to 

be	taken	against	the	investigated	incident	or	concern.	Where	appropriate	or	required,	we	will	file	a	formal	report	with	the	relevant	

government authorities for further investigation or action.

In	FY2021,	we	are	not	aware	of	any	incident	or	concern,	confirmed	or	suspected.

Dealings in Securities

The Company has adopted an internal code on dealings in securities. Directors and employees are not allowed to deal in the 

Company’s shares during the periods commencing one month before the announcement of the Group’s half yearly and full year 

results and ending on the date of announcement of such result, or when they are in possession of unpublished price-sensitive 

information on the Group. In addition, the employees of the Company are advised not to deal in the Company’s securities on 

short term considerations and are expected to always observe the insider trading rules, even when dealing in the Company’s 

securities within the permitted trading periods.

For more details of the Group’s corporate governance practices, please refer to Corporate Governance Report from page 11 to 25 

of the Annual Report.

Risk Management

The Group has an Enterprise Risk Management Framework (“Framework”) in place. The Framework has been reviewed by the 

Audit Committee and approved by the Board of Directors.

The	Group	conducts	regular	review	of	its	business	and	operational	activities	to	identify	significant	areas	of	risks	so	that	timely	

measures can be implemented to mitigate these risks.


12

CASA HOLDINGS LIMITED

GRI STANDARDS 

CONTENT INDEX

GRI  

STANDARDS

GRI STANDARD TITLE

REPORT REFERENCE

PAGE

GRI 102: GENERAL DISCLOSURES

102-1 

Name	of	the	organization

About this Report

1

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services

Corporate website, About Us

1

102-3	

Location of headquarters

Corporate website, Annual Report 2021

102-4 

Location of operations

Corporate website, Annual Report 2021

102-5 

Ownership and legal form

Annual Report 2021

102-6 

Markets served

Corporate website, Annual Report 2021

102-7 

Scale of the organisation

Corporate website, Annual Report 2021

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers

Diversity and Equal Opportunities

8

102-9 

Supply chain

About Us, Supply Chain Management

1, 10

102-10 

Significant	changes	to	organisation	and	its	

supply chain

Nil

102-11 

Precautionary	principle	or	approach

Risk Management

11

102-12

External initiatives

Not	applicable,	no	such	initiatives

102-13

Membership of associations

Nil

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker

Message from the Board of Directors

3

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour

CASA Values, REACHOUT

2, 7

102-18 

Governance structure

Governance Structure

3

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder Engagement

4

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Stakeholder Engagement

4

102-43	

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder Engagement

4

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder Engagement

4

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial	statements

Annual Report 2021

102-46 

Defining	report	content	and	topic	boundaries

About this Report

1

102-47 

List of material topics

Materiality Assessment

5


13

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

GRI STANDARDS 

CONTENT INDEX

GRI  

STANDARDS

GRI STANDARD TITLE

REPORT REFERENCE

PAGE

102-48 

Restatements of information 

Nil

102-49 

Changes in reporting

Nil

102-50 

Reporting period 

About this Report

1

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

February 2021

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annual

102-53	

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report

Enquiries can be emailed to: 

 corporate@casa.com.sg

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with GRI 

Standards

About this Report

1

102-55 

GRI content index 

GRI Standards Content Index

12

102-56 

External assurance 

Nil

TOPIC-SPECIFIC STANDARDS

Corporate Profile and Sustainability Governance

GRI 404: Training and Education

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per 

employee

Training and Education

9

404-2 

Programs	for	upgrading	employee	skills	and	

transition assistance programs

Training and Education

9

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees

Diversity and Equal Opportunities

8

GRI 406: Non-Discrimination

406-1 

Incidents of discrimination and corrective 

actions taken

Diversity and Equal Opportunities

8

GRI 205: Anti-Corruption

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption

Anti-Corruption and Corporate Governance

11

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures

Anti-Corruption and Corporate Governance

11


14

CASA HOLDINGS LIMITED

GRI STANDARDS 

CONTENT INDEX

GRI  

STANDARDS

GRI STANDARD TITLE

REPORT REFERENCE

PAGE

Health and Safety

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety

403-1	

Occupational health and safety management 

system

Safe and Healthy Workplace

9

403-5	

Worker training on occupational health and 

safety

Safe and Healthy Workplace

9

403-6	

Promotion	of	worker	health	

Safe and Healthy Workplace

9

GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety

416-1 

Assessment of the health and safety 

impacts of product and service categories

Product	Health	Management

10

Minimising Environmental Impact

GRI 302: Energy

302-4	

Reduction of energy consumption 

Energy, Water Consumption and Waste 

Management

6

302-5	

Reduction in energy requirements of 

products and services

Energy	and	Water	Efficient	Products

6


15 Kian Teck Crescent

Singapore 628884

Tel: 65 6268-0066

Fax: 65 6266-8069

https://casa.sg

