
 

Charisma Energy Services Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 

 




Contents 

 

CEO’s Message ......................................................................................................... 3 

Charisma Sustainability Story .................................................................................... 4 

Organisation Profile .................................................................................................... 5 

Ethics and Integrity ..................................................................................................... 7 

Governance and Statement of the Board ................................................................... 8 

Sustainability Targets and Performance ..................................................................... 8 

Stakeholder Engagement ......................................................................................... 10 

Reporting Practice .................................................................................................... 11 

Reduction of Carbon Footprint ................................................................................. 12 

Local Communities and Environment ....................................................................... 13 

Our People ............................................................................................................... 14 

SGX Five Primary Components Index ...................................................................... 16 

 

 

 


3 

 

CEO’s Message 

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

 

On behalf of the Board of Directors (the “Board”), we are pleased to present to you the 

Sustainability Report for Charisma Energy Services Limited (“Charisma” and together with its 

subsidiaries, collectively the “Group”) in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2020 

(“FY2020”).  

 

Charisma continues to build on its commitment towards sustainable development via the 

production of clean energy.  

 

The Group has a broad view on sustainability that looks beyond environmental impact – it also 

comprises increasing economic growth in the communities surrounding our operations. Our 

approach to sustainability continues to be reflected within three key areas - Reduction of 

Carbon Footprint, the Local Communities and Environment we impact, and of course, Our 

People.  

 

By harnessing nature to deliver renewable and sustainable energy, the harmful emissions that 

would have otherwise been produced by the burning of fossil fuels can be eliminated. With 

our current focus on expanding and developing opportunities within the renewable energy 

sector, we hope to be able to contribute to the reduction in the global carbon footprint and play 

a part in combating global warming. Going forward, all stakeholders would be able to get 

electronic copies of the Company’s annual report and other publications online. By doing so, 

the Company can reduce printing and directly reduce its environmental footprint. This is in line 

with our view to reduce carbon footprint for sustainability growth and continued commitment 

to environmental sustainability.  

 

Whilst tapping on nature’s resources to deliver sustainable energy, the Group operates 

responsibly to safeguard the environment. We adopt a zero-tolerance approach to any breach 

of regulatory requirements to the environment as we strive to make a positive impact to the 

communities that we engage. As a rule, we work with nature, not against it. 

 

Charisma is a strong advocate of giving back to society. The Group engages with local 

communities, especially in regions of business operations which are less developed, on an 

ongoing basis to understand their needs including infrastructure and education. The Group 

contributes in projects that can improve the overall well-being of the local communities.   

 

The Group shall endeavour towards becoming a sustainability leader in the renewable energy 

industry and continue to place an emphasis on good sustainability practices.  

 

 

 

Sincerely,  

MR TAN SER KO  

Chief Executive Officer  

 


4 

 

Charisma Sustainability Story  

 

Sustainability Philosophy 

 

Charisma’s sustainability vision is to achieve sustainable development via production of clean 

energy for the future generation.   

 

Our sustainability mission is to build a future with renewable energy through the development 

and operation of renewable energy assets in an economically, socially and environmentally 

responsible way.  

 

Sustainability Targets  

 

 



Carbon Footprint

Our primary target is to 

continue with the 

development and 

operations of renewable 

energy projects using the 

latest available 

technology. We are proud 

of our role in reducing 

dependence on fossil fuels 

for energy needs and are 

committed to the vision of 

a future powered by clean 

energy. 



Local Communities and 

Environment

Additionally, creating 

employment opportunities 

for locals, managing 

biodiversity, as well as 

Corporate Social 

Responsibility (“CSR”) 

activities form a part of our 

positive contribution 

towards local communities 

and the environment that 

we operate in. The Group 

recognises the importance 

of environmental 

compliance and will 

continue to endeavour for 

zero-incident rates. 



Our People

We also believe that 

employees are the 

organisation’s greatest 

assets. The Group is 

committed to nurturing and 

grooming all employees. 

Safety is paramount – it is 

our duty to ensure that our 

employees return home 

safely at the end of each 

day. 


5 

 



Organisation Profile 

 

 

Company Name: Charisma Energy Services Limited            

Founded: 1997  

Listed: SGX Catalist Listed since 1998 

Company Headquarters: Singapore 

 

Charisma’s principle activities involve the ownership and operation of renewable energy power 

generating assets in Asia.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1 This plant has since been sold in December 2020 









Overview of Renewable Energy 

Power Generating Assets 

 

Type: Agropholtovoic Solar 

Power Plant 

Location: Yichang, China 

Capacity: 20MW 

Staff strength: 8 

 

 

Type: Mini Hydro Power Plants 

Location: Sri Lanka 

Capacity: 43MW 

Staff strength: 276 

 

Type: Solar Power Plants 

Location: Bhadla Solar Park, 

Rajasthan, India1 

Capacity: 2 x 70MW 

Staff strength: 28 

 

 


6 

 

Hydropower Generation  

The Group is the largest player in the Sri 

Lanka mini hydro power plant sector, 

currently owning and operating 13 mini 

hydropower plants across 4 regions in Sri 

Lanka, with a total capacity of 43 MW. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Solar Power Plants 

 

Through our joint venture, Charisma 

owns and operates a 140 MW solar 

photovoltaic power plant in Rajasthan, 

India. The solar plant which was 

commissioned in December 2017, is 

located in the Bhadla Solar Park, which 

is slated to be the largest of its kind Solar 

Park in India once all the plants in the 

Park are fully commissioned. This plant 

has since been sold in December 2020. 

 

 

 

 

 

In addition, the Group also owns and operates 

an agrophotovoltaic (“APV”) based, 20 MW 

solar photovoltaic power plant in the Hubei 

province in central China. The plant was 

successfully commissioned in late January 

2018. 

 

Whilst land-based photovoltaic power plants 

compete with agriculture for acreage, APV 

plants accommodate both activities by installing 

solar panels above crops. This dual use of land 

results in resource efficiency and creates 

additional jobs for farmers.  

 

 

 








7 

 

Oil &amp; Gas Business Segment 

 

The Group had completed the divestment on two of its O&amp;G investments in the previous 

financial year. As such, we have limited the scope of this report to include only our renewable 

energy asset operations. Please refer to the Reporting Practice section for the detailed 

boundaries defined in this report.  

 

Please refer to our annual report for FY2020 (the “Annual Report 2020”) for our financial 

performance during the financial year. 

 

Ethics and Integrity  

 

Charisma expects our employees to adhere to the highest standards of ethics and integrity 

and comply with applicable regulations and professional codes of conduct.   

 

Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy (GRI 205-1, 205-2, 205-3)  

 

The Group has implemented an anti-bribery and corruption policy whereby it is set out that 

there is zero tolerance approach to unethical behaviour. Charisma is committed to comply with 

all anti-bribery and corruption laws in jurisdictions where we do business at all times. Our 

management takes a leadership position in fostering a strong corporate governance culture 

and implementing policies that promote ethical behaviour. The Group places emphasis on 

effective prevention and detection of fraudulent activities and misconduct. All new staff are 

briefed on an established code of conduct during their orientation on the first day of 

employment.  

 

To ensure our staff conduct themselves in a professional manner when dealing with clients 

and vendors, Charisma requires staff to declare receipt of gifts from third parties. To avoid 

putting staff in a compromising situation, in particular those holding senior positions and those 

having to deal with vendors, staff are to declare any conflicts of interest, both potential or real, 

on a regular basis or as and when they deem timely. The Group does not condone any bribery 

and actions of corruption by Group employees towards any third parties and/or government 

entities.   

 

The Group has provided accessible channels for employees, shareholders, clients, 

consultants and suppliers to raise concerns on possible improprieties in financial reporting, 

fraudulent acts and other irregularities. This communication channels will ensure independent 

investigations and timely implementation of appropriate preventive and corrective actions.  

 

The Group has not received any whistle blowing reports on corruption, and there were no 

confirmed incidents of corruption for FY2020. Moving forward, the Group targets to maintain 

zero confirmed incidents of corruption continuously.  

 

 

 


8 

 

Governance and Statement of the Board  

 

Our sustainability strategy is developed and directed by the senior management in 

consultation with the Board. The Group’s Sustainability Taskforce (the “Taskforce”), which 

includes senior management executives, is led by the Group’s Chief Executive Officer, and is 

tasked to develop a sustainability strategy, review material impacts, consider stakeholder 

priorities, set goals and targets as well as monitor sustainability performance.  

 

The Board oversees the process of engaging stakeholders and identifying material topics by 

reviewing reports and information provided by the Taskforce. The Board has considered 

sustainability issues as part of its strategic formulation, and approved the material 

environmental, social and economic topics identified and overseen that the factors identified 

are managed and monitored.  

 

The Taskforce has reviewed the option for external assurance of its sustainability report. The 

Taskforce has assessed that external assurance is not required for FY2020 as the Group 

wishes to progressively strengthen the sustainability reporting framework. 

 

The Group also adopts a precautionary approach in strategic decision and day-to-day 

operation by implementing a comprehensive risk management framework.  

 

Please refer to the Corporate Governance Report in the Annual Report 2020 for more 

information on the Group’s corporate governance practices and risk management structure. 

 

Sustainability Targets and Performance 

 

Below is a summary of the Group’s performance on the sustainability targets that were set for 

the current reporting period. At the same time, as part of the Group’s plan to progressively 

strengthen our reporting framework, the Group has included further quantitative performance 

measures and targets for the next reporting period. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


9 

 

Sustainability Targets Set for The Current Reporting Period (FY2020) 

Material topics 

Sustainability Target 

Performance Updates 

Health and Safety 

Incidents / Accidents 

The Group intends to maintain its zero 

fatality incident / accident rate for 

FY2020 through strict adherence to 

Health and Safety policies implemented 

at all plants.   

 

There were zero fatality 

incident / accident rate during 

the year. 

 

Operations of 

Renewable Energy 

Assets 

The Group intends to lower generation 

loss as a result of machine breakdown 

to below 2.0% of the total operating 

time  in FY2020. 

The Group achieved 2.1% in 

FY2020. The Group did not 

manage to achieve target of 

2.0% mainly due to longer 

waiting time required for 

importation of certain machine 

parts.  

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws 

and regulations 

The Group intends to fully comply with 

all relevant environmental laws and 

regulations in the countries we operate 

in. We will continue to strive for a total 

monetary value of fines and penalties of 

less than US$1,000,000. 

The Group did not incur any 

fines and penalties during the 

year. 

Whistleblowing 

incidents 

The Group has a strict anti-bribery and 

anti-corruption policy in place. The 

Group has also made whistleblowing 

channels accessible to all employees in 

our efforts to strive for zero confirmed 

reports of corruption. 

There were zero confirmed 

whistle blowing reports of 

corruption during the year. 

 

 

Sustainability Targets Set for The Next Reporting Period (FY2021) 

Material topics 

Action plan 

Health and Safety 

Incidents / Accidents 

The Group intends to maintain its zero fatality incident / accident rate 

for FY2021 through strict adherence to Health and Safety policies 

implemented at all plants.   

Operations of 

Renewable Energy 

Assets 

The Group carries out regular maintenance for plant and machinery to 

improve productivity, prolong their useful life spans and maintain high 

output of clean renewable energy. The Group intends to set 

generation loss as a result of machine breakdown to below 5.0% in 

FY2021, as the plants are aging. 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

The Group intends to fully comply with all relevant environmental laws 

and regulations in the countries we operate in. We will continue to strive 

for a total monetary value of fines and penalties of less than 

US$1,000,000.  

Whistleblowing 

incidents 

The Group has a strict anti-bribery and anti-corruption policy in place. 

The Group has also made whistleblowing channels accessible to all 

employees in our efforts to strive for zero confirmed reports of 

corruption.  

 


10 

 

Stakeholder Engagement  

 

Charisma values the opinions of its stakeholders. The Group understands sustainable growth 

is dependent on understanding the concerns of our key stakeholders which include customers, 

suppliers, vendors, employees, shareholders and regulators. The Group also recognises that 

efficient collaboration with stakeholders can positively influence the Company’s success. 

Therefore, the Group engages in regular and fair communication with our stakeholders, and 

encourages greater stakeholder participations. The Company has a corporate website at 

https://charismaenergy.com where stakeholders can access both business and financial 

information of the Company. At the same time, they can provide feedback on any of the 

Group’s matters at the website.   

 

The Group engages with all our stakeholders through a variety of channels and takes into 

account the concerns of the abovementioned stakeholders when we plan for the future. 

Material topics and focus areas are identified based on the feedback we receive from our 

stakeholders. 

 

It is through such engagement of our key stakeholders that Charisma strives to offer local 

employment opportunities during development, construction and operations, if feasible for its 

projects, to increase economic growth for members of the communities adjacent to the assets. 

 

The following table summarises our key stakeholders, engagement platforms and their key 

concerns.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


11 

 

Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Key Concerns 

Section Reference 

Employees 

• Performance Appraisal 

System 

• Employee Trainings 

• Remuneration and 

benefits 

• Training and 

development 

• Career and 

Development 

Opportunities 

• Our People 

Community 

• Community 

engagement 

• Employment 

opportunities 

• Environmental Impact 

• Social Development 

• Reduction of 

Carbon Footprint 

• Local Communities 

and Environment 

Government 

and Regulators 

 

• Annual Reports 

• SGX Quarterly financial 

statements 

announcements 

• Sustainability Reports 

• Ongoing dialogues and 

reporting to regulatory 

bodies in the respective 

countries 

 

• Environmental non-

compliance 

• Compliance with 

Workplace Health and 

Safety regulations 

• Compliance with labour 

regulations in 

respective countries 

• Local Communities 

and Environment 

Shareholders 

and Investors 

• Annual Reports 

• Investor Relations 

Management 

• SGX Quarterly financial 

statements 

announcements 

• Sustainability Reports 

• Anti-corruption 

• Economic Performance  

• Environmental Impact 

• Health and Safety 

• Annual Report  

• Local Communities 

and Environment 

• Our People 

• Reduction of 

Carbon Footprint 

• Anti-Bribery and 

Corruption Policy 

 

Reporting Practice 

 

Our sustainability report is produced in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 

Standards: “Core” Option covering our Group’s performance from 1 January 2020 to 31 

December 2020.  

 

The GRI Standards represent the global best practices for reporting on economic, 

environmental and social topics. The report also incorporates primary components of report 

content on a ‘comply or explain’ basis as set out by the SGX. The Group has not undertaken 

external assurance for this report.  

 

This report supplements the Annual Report 2020 and is available on SGXNet. Detailed section 

reference with GRI Standards is found at GRI Standards Content Index section of this report.  

 


12 

 

The Group’s material topics are identified based on their impacts on our internal and external 

stakeholders, as outlined in the Stakeholders Engagement section. 

 

As the Group has divested all of its O&amp;G assets, the boundaries defined in the report only 

encompass our renewable energy business.  

 

Material Topics 

Boundaries (country or entity) 

ECONOMIC 

Economic Performance 

The Group 

Market Presence 

Indirect Economic Impacts 

Anti-corruption 

ENVIRONMENTAL  

Energy 

The Group 

Emissions 

Biodiversity 

Environmental Compliance 

SOCIAL  

Employment 

The Group 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

Non-discrimination 

Local Communities 

Socioeconomic Compliance 

Reduction of Carbon Footprint  

 

At the heart of the fight against climate change is the absolute and undeniable necessity for 

renewable and sustainable energy. Charisma prides itself in being at the forefront of that 

movement through bringing clean energy to the world for our future generations.  

 

Energy and Emissions Management (GRI 302-4, 305-1, 305-2) 

 

The nature of our business model largely contributes towards the reduction of the carbon 

footprint, as electricity generation from renewable energy sources replaces electricity 

generation from burning fossil fuels. By harnessing sustainable energy, we not only reduce 

harmful greenhouse gas emissions but also cut down the use of limited resources.  

 

The Group’s India 1 and China solar plants were commissioned in December 2017 and 

January 2018 respectively, and had generated 304.2 GWh and 20.3 GWh in FY2020 

respectively. The Group looks forward to further contributing towards a greater renewable 

energy output and the resulting reduction of carbon footprint in 2021.  

 

1 The India solar plant has since been sold in December 2020. 


13 

 

Climate Change: Opportunities and Risks (GRI 201-2) 

 

The reliance on natural elements in the nature of our business is such that output can be 

subject to weather conditions. In 2016, Sri Lanka experienced one of the worst droughts in its 

history. This impacted our hydro power assets in the country and profitability suffered as a 

result.  

 

However, the Group is of the view that while climate change poses challenges and potential 

risks, it brings about opportunities as well. The need for renewable energy will continue to rise.  

 

As such, we plan to continue to invest in projects that will help combat climate change and 

safeguard our planet for future generations.  

 

Local Communities and Environment  

 

Charisma works with nature, not against it. We also see local communities and the 

environment as enablers for our vision and mission to build a future for the world with 

renewable and sustainable energy.  

 

Giving back to the community (GRI 203-2, 413-1, 413-2)  

 

Charisma believes that community engagement is an integral part of our business 

sustainability.  We are committed to being a responsible corporate citizen and we endeavor to 

give back to the community.    

 

The jobs we create stimulate the local economy and support our commitment towards being 

a responsible corporate citizen. The Group also adopts a “hire local” policy in the countries we 

operate in.  

 

Some of the CSR activities the Group have conducted include donating to children’s homes, 

hospitals and schools as well as providing aid for land slide victims. In FY2020, we contributed 

to one of the COVID-19 funds in Sri Lanka. Our commitment towards the welfare of the 

community has aided us to capture the trust of many, since we deliver what we promise. 

Alongside community, we also focus on the environment through tree plantation projects 

aimed at preserving the environment. We continuously contribute towards fulfilling our CSR 

while also building strong relationships amongst communities based on mutual trust and 

passion towards a greener future. 

 

The Group is also committed to making economic contributions to the countries in which it 

operates in through paying its fair share of corporate taxes to the governing bodies of the 

countries. We adhere strictly to the business framework set up in each country to ensure 

compliance to the business ethics of operations. 

 

 

 


14 

 

Flora and Fauna (GRI 304-1, 304-2, 304-3) 

 

Our solar plants in India are located in the Rajasthan desert and do not require excessive 

water use, deforestation or vast areas of land to be cleared prior to installation.  This plant has 

since been sold in December 2020. 

 

Our hydro power assets are small and do not divert large bodies of water or harm marine 

wildlife. No chemicals are added to water during the process. Our dams (weirs) for mini hydro 

power plants are low and use run-of-the-river water without storage. The diversion of water is 

confined only from weir to power-house and thereafter water is returned to the original stream.  

 

We also ensure strict adherence to all environmental flow regulations prior to the 

commencement of projects. 

 

Social-Compliance (GRI 307-1, 406-1, 408-1, 409-1, 412-1, 419-1) 

 

During FY2020, the Group had no incidents of non-compliance with environmental and 

socioeconomic laws and regulations. 

 

These include labour laws in India, China and Sri Lanka that require us to comply with 

minimum wage, employee benefits as well as overtime compensation regulations, as well as 

other environmental, utilities, human rights and land laws.  

 

 

Our People 

 

The Group puts employees at the heart of the organisation, and understands the value and 

importance of its human capital.  

 

Ensuring health and safety at our workplace is important to maintaining the value of our human 

assets. We strive to provide a safe working environment for our employees and to pursue the 

highest standards in workplace safety and health management and seek to cultivate a strong 

and enduring safety culture in the workplace with zero workplace accidents.  

 

To protect the health and safety of our employees, the Group has implemented stringent 

policies and operational procedures to govern all our renewable activities. Strict compliance 

with these policies is enforced by the Group to protect our employees. We conduct regular 

maintenance of our solar and hydro plants to ensure safety of the users, primarily our 

operational staff. The Group also encourages all employees to treat workplace health and 

safety as a personal and collective responsibility. 

 

The Group also conducts regular site visits by our staff to gather feedback on areas of 

improvement from the operational members. Such feedback provides an avenue for us to 

understand our employees. 

 

 

 


15 

 

Our Workforce (GRI 401-1, 401-2, 401-3, 405-1) 

 

Our staff are our most valuable asset and we appreciate that their overall well-being needs to 

be well looked after in order for them to sustain their performance and realise their full potential.  

 

We train and groom our staff to equip them with the necessary skills for career development. 

We remunerate staff based on local market practices whilst adhering to local wage legislation, 

including minimum wages if applicable. The Group also conducts annual appraisal system 

where performance targets are set and performances are evaluated annually to rate their 

individual performance. Through various established processes of employees’ engagement, 

such as employee’s objective setting, performance review, as well as exit interviews in the 

case of resignations, we will be able to gather valuable feedback for the continuous 

improvement of the Group. 

 

In addition, we have various schemes in place to ensure that our full-time staff receive strong 

and competitive employee benefits aligned with local legislations and market practices. The 

Group believes in remunerating all employees fairly based on their ability and performance. 

Basic remuneration for women is equal and comparable to men of similar position and 

performance. We uphold the principle of employee fairness and equitable remuneration 

without placing gender into the equation.  

 

We understand that workplace could be at times stressful due to the competitiveness of our 

business. To support our employees in their effort of pursuing excellence, we organise 

activities to balance their work with fun and to develop an environment and culture of mutual 

support.  

 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity (GRI 405-1, 405-2) 

 

The Group is committed to ensure that all staff are treated with dignity and respect. Staff are 

treated equally regardless of age, race or gender and are given opportunities to be stretched 

to their fullest potential. All employees are remunerated fairly and treated with respect. The 

Group has a diverse workforce comprising people from a wide array of cultures, viewpoints 

and backgrounds. Our effective employment policies are based solely on merit and capability, 

regardless of age, gender, or nationality.  

 

Our hiring policies ensure equal employment opportunities for all. New hires are considered 

based on individual competencies as well as organisational and job fit. In our commitment, we 

adopt fair and merit-based practices for recruitment, selection and promotion. The Group has 

zero tolerance for discrimination, sexual harassment and bullying, and it aims to attract and 

retain the best possible employees while at the same time to provide all our employees with a 

safe and respectful work environment. The Group also conducts regular site visits by our staff 

to gather feedback on areas of improvement from the operational members. Such feedback 

provides an avenue for us to understand our employees. 

 

 

 


16 

 

We endeavour to provide employment opportunities for the local communities we operate in. 

For our regional operations outside of Singapore, 98% of employees are locals. We do not 

condone the engagement of child labour or forced labour in our work. Child labour and forced 

labour is strictly prohibited. We ensure that our operations comply with human rights policies 

and procedures, and we strictly abide to acceptable societal norms on how we carry out our 

work.  

 

Non-Discrimination (GRI 406-1) 

 

Our employment practices are non-discriminatory in nature and are based solely on job-

related factors. Our employees are remunerated, employed and promoted based on 

performance, and the potential and willingness to take on higher responsibility or job scope, 

without reference to any distinction or preference made on the basis of race, national origin, 

religion, sex or marital status.  

 

We adhere to provisions of national laws and regulations concerning discrimination wherever 

we operate. Our Company policies and procedures make qualifications, skills and experience 

the basis for the recruitment, placement, training and advancement of staff at all levels. If any 

discrimination is identified, guidelines are in place for the appropriate handling of any 

grievance cases to address complaints, handle appeals and provide recourse for employees. 

 

 

SGX Five Primary Components Index  

 

S/N 

Primary Component   

Section Reference  

1 

Material Topics  

• 

Reduction of Carbon Footprint 

• 

Local Communities and Environment 

• 

Our People 

2 

Policies,  

Practices and Performance  

• 

CEO’s Message 

• 

Charisma’s Sustainability Story 

• 

Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy 

• 

Reduction of Carbon Footprint  

• 

Local Communities and Environment  

• 

Our People 

3 

Board Statement  

• 

Governance and Statement of the Board 

4 

Targets  

• 

Sustainability Targets and Performance 

5 

Framework  

• 

Reporting Practice 

 

 

 


17 

 

GRI Standards Content Index   

GRI 

Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Organisation Profile  

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Organisation Profile  

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Organisation Profile  

102-4 

Location of operations 

Organisation Profile  

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Organisation Profile  

102-6 

Markets served 

Organisation Profile  

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Organisation Profile  

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Organisation Profile  

102-9 

Supply chain 

Organisation Profile 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

Organisation Profile 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach 

Governance and Statement of 

the Board 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Organisation Profile 

102-13 

Membership of associations  

Organisation Profile 

102-14 

Relevance of sustainability to the organisation 

and strategy for addressing sustainability 

CEO's Message 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour  

Ethics and Integrity  

102-17 

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about 

ethics 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-18 

Governance structure  

Governance and Statement of 

the Board 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups  

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders  

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries  

Reporting Practice  

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Annual Report 2020 

201-2 

Financial implications &amp; other risks &amp; 

opportunities due to climate change 

Reduction of Carbon Footprint 

203-1 

Infrastructure investments and services 

supported 

Local Communities and 

Environment 

203-2 

Significant indirect economic impacts 

Local Communities and 

Environment 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

Anti-Bribery and Corruption 

Policy 

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-corruption 

policies and procedures 

Anti-Bribery and Corruption 

Policy 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken 

Anti-Bribery and Corruption 

Policy 

302-4 

Reduction of Energy Consumption 

Reduction of Carbon Footprint 


18 

 

GRI 

Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

304-1 

Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or 

adjacent to, protected areas and areas of high 

biodiversity value outside protected areas 

Local Communities and 

Environment 

304-2 

Significant impacts of activities, products, and 

services on biodiversity 

Local Communities and 

Environment 

304-3 

Habitats protected or restored 

Local Communities and 

Environment 

305-1 

Direct greenhouse gas emissions  

Local Communities and 

Environment 

305-2 

Energy indirect greenhouse gas emissions 

Local Communities and 

Environment 

307-1 

Non-Compliance with Environmental regulations 

and laws 

Local Communities and 

Environment 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

Our People 

405-1  

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

Our People 

405-2 

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women 

to men 

Our People 

406-1 

Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions 

taken 

Our People 

408-1 

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 

incidents of child labour 

Our People 

409-1 

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 

incidents of forced or compulsory labour 

Our People 

412-1 

Operations that have subject to human rights 

reviews or impact assessments 

Our People 

413-1  

Operations with local community engagement, 

impact assessments &amp; development programs 

Local Communities and 

Environment 

413-2 

Operation with significant actual &amp; potential 

negative impacts on local communities 

Local Communities and 

Environment 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic areas 

Local Communities and 

Environment 

 

 

