
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

RESOURCES HOLDINGS LTD. 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT  

2019 

 






Sustainability Report 2019 

Page | 1  

 

CONTENTS 

 

2 

 

About This Report 

3 

 

Board Statement 

5 

 

About Us 

6 

 

Supply Chain 

7 

 

Governance &amp; Sustainability Approach 

8 

 

Stakeholder Engagement  

9 

 

Material Topics 

10 

 

Market Presence 

11 

 

Anti-Corruption 

12 

 

Energy 

12 

 

Employment, Training and Education 

14 

 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Content Index 

 

 

 

 




Sustainability Report 2019 

Page | 2  

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

This is the third sustainability report issued by Chaswood Resources Holdings Ltd 

(“Company”) and its subsidiaries (“Chaswood” or our “Group” or “we”) pursuant to 

Rules 711A and 711B of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) 

Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist Rules”) and in accordance with the 

Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards Sustainability Reporting Guidelines 2016 - 

Core Option and its reporting principles. We continued to adopt the GRI framework as 

it is an internationally recognised reporting framework that covers a wide range of 

sustainability disclosures.  

In this report, we will be updating the status of our Group’s operations in Malaysia from 

1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019 (“FY2019”). Sustainability reporting should 

encompass both information obtained in the past and sustainability goals established 

by our Group to provide for a better overall view of the Group’s sustainability 

performance on environmental, social and governance factors (“ESG”). However, in 

view of our Group’s restructuring exercise which is still ongoing, the information in this 

report may not meaningfully represent the future business operations and strategies of 

our Group. We have not sought external assurance for this reporting period. 

As part of our environmental conservation efforts, we will not be printing this report. A 

copy of this report is available for download from SGXNET and our website at 

http://www.chaswood.com.my/.  

We are committed to listening to our stakeholders and we look forward to your 

feedback. For any enquiry related to this report, please contact us at 

pr@chaswood.com.my. 

 

 




Sustainability Report 2019 

Page | 3  

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

The Board of Directors (“Board”) would like to present our third Sustainability Report 

which seeks to reaffirm our commitment towards sustainability and discusses the 

challenges and material issues identified to be of importance to our stakeholders. As our 

Group embarks on the ongoing restructuring exercise, we are mindful of the importance 

to manage ESG impacts with transparent and consistent disclosure. 

Our focus in FY2019 had been to continue to complete the restructuring exercise of our 

Group to restore the financial position of the Group. The weak consumer sentiment with 

increased competition in the F&amp;B industry in the last few years have resulted in the 

declined business performance of our Group and closure of unprofitable outlets. Hence, 

the current restructuring exercise was crucial to provide better value to all stakeholders, 

including shareholders and creditors.  

Over the last few months, the restructuring exercise had progressed well with the 

completion of certain milestones as follows: 

(i) Proposed disposal of 100% stake in Chaswood Resources Sdn Bhd (“CRSB”) 

(“Proposed Disposal of CRSB”) 

The Proposed Disposal of CRSB to Tremendous Asia Management Inc was completed 

on 4 October 2019 which removes a significant negative shareholders’ equity from 

our Group and thus, setting a more palatable platform to continue operating and 

expanding our Group’s restaurant business under the Italiannies brand. 

 

(ii) Proposed issuance of redeemable convertible note  

Our Company had entered into a subscription agreement on 30 November 2019 

with Advance Opportunities Fund (“AOF”) and Advance Opportunities Fund I (“AOF 

I”) (AOF and AOF I shall collectively be known as the “Subscribers") pursuant to 

which the Company proposes to issue to the Subscribers 1.0% equity-linked 

redeemable convertible notes due 2022 with an aggregate principal amount of up to 

S$50 million. The proceeds will be utilized for the funding of the Group’s working 

capital and future expansions and investments.   

 

(iii) Proposed scheme of arrangement with scheme creditors (“SOA”) 

To address the remaining liabilities of the Company, a proposed SOA with its 

creditors was undertaken. During a creditors’ meeting held on 30 April 2020, the 

proposed SOA was approved by a majority in number representing at least 75% of 

the total value of the scheme creditors present and voting in person or by proxy at 

the meeting. Our solicitors will be filing an application to the court to obtain its 

approval of the SOA and once the approval is obtained, the SOA shall be binding on 

the Company and scheme creditors. 




Sustainability Report 2019 

Page | 4  

 

 

The completion of the above milestones will also facilitate the resumption proposal to 

be submitted to the SGX-ST and thereafter provide better value to the stakeholders with 

the completion of the restructuring exercise. Please refer to the announcement made 

via SGXNET by the Company for more details of the above-mentioned. 

 

Our Board understands the importance of sustainability and continue to work closely 

with the management to incorporate sustainability goals and efforts as part of our 

business objectives and strategy formulation. The Board oversees the management and 

monitoring of material ESG for the Group. 

 

We appreciate the support and confidence from our stakeholders amidst the challenging 

time experienced by the Group as we look ahead to a better future. 

The  

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors  

Ng Teck Wah 

Non-Independent Non-Executive Chairman 

29 May 2020 




Sustainability Report 2019 

Page | 5  

 



ABOUT US 

 

Our Group was founded in 2002 as a notable casual dining operator in Malaysia under 

various brands including international franchise brand, TGI Friday’s and proprietary 

brands, Teh Tarik Place, Italiannies and Malones. Over the years, the operations also 

expanded to Indonesia and China. In 2012, the Company reached another milestone 

when it was listed on the Catalist Board of SGX-ST. Pursuant to the completion of the 

disposal of CRSB in October 2019 and as part of the ongoing restructuring exercise, our 

Group’s current sole business is the operation of the restaurant business under the 

Italiannies brand.  

 

 

 

Since its existence in 2004, Italiannies is famously known for bringing uniquely rustic 

Italian cuisine to the tables. Fresh ingredients are used with its characteristic recipes 

from starters, salads, pizzas, meat dishes and desserts. To give the best of taste and 

freshness, Italiannies’ signature sauces and bread dough are made fresh every morning. 

Currently, there is 1 outlet located in Malaysia but the brand is poised for expansion 

with the completion of our Group’s restructuring exercise. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 










Sustainability Report 2019 

Page | 6  

 

SUPPLY CHAIN 

 

We aim to build a responsible and sustainable supply chain with a clear guidance via our 

procurement policies and procedures. We select suppliers who meet high standards in terms of 

ethical conduct, food and workplace standards and environmental compliance. We consistently 

monitor these approved suppliers to ensure such compliance to the standards, quality and services 

provided.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

Distribution 

Sustainable Supply Chain Process 

 

Secure raw ingredients supply from local independent 

suppliers based on set guidelines for quality assurance. 

 

Periodic evaluation of major suppliers such as random 

audits is conducted to ensure quality assurance and 

compliance with our guidelines. 

 

Continuous review of supply chain to ensure cost 

competitiveness and compliance with relevant 

standards.  

 

Procurement 



 

Suppliers deliver food directly to the restaurant. 

Freshness and quality is checked before acceptance of 

supply. 

 

Restaurant 

 

Food is cooked fresh in restaurant and served to 

customers. 

 




Sustainability Report 2019 

Page | 7  

 

GOVERNANCE &amp;     

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

 

Our Board continues to be committed in maintaining a high standard of corporate governance 

within our Group. Our sustainability efforts are driven by our Group’s desire to ensure that our 

business objectives are in line with our commitment to sustainable development. We constantly 

review our processes, policies and practices to ensure that it meets the changing needs of our Group 

and the industry. The senior management is responsible for on-going communication to the Board of 

Directors. 

Our Group continues to maintain our whistle-blowing policy to provide an avenue to all employees 

and external parties to report any concern or complaint regarding questionable accounting or 

auditing matters, internal controls, disclosure matters, conflict of interest, insider trading, collusion 

with competitors, serious breaches of the Group’s policy, unsafe work practices or any other matters 

involving fraud, corruption and employee misconduct. We utilise a secured e-mail address 

(ac@chaswood.com.my) as a whistle blowing channel for direct contact to the Audit Committee 

(“AC”). All concerns or irregularities raised will be treated in confidence and every effort will be 

made to ensure that confidentiality is maintained throughout the process. The AC members may, in 

consultation with the Managing Director and/or senior management, direct the complaint to the 

division or department best placed to address it, or lead the investigation to ensure prompt and 

appropriate investigation and resolution. There has been no report of whistleblowing for FY2019 and 

we target for the same for FY2020.  

The Board maintains its responsibility for the governance of risk and understands the need to ensure 

that a sound system of risk management and internal controls to safeguard the shareholders’ 

interests and the Group’s assets are in place. We have established internal monitoring and review 

processes to assess the adequacy and the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control systems, 

including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls and risk 

management systems. Any material non-compliance or lapses in internal controls, together with 

recommendation for improvement, are reported to the AC. 

Our Group places great emphasis on accountability, transparency, ethical business conduct and good 

corporate governance. We are committed to deliver value to all our stakeholders upon the 

completion of the ongoing restructuring exercise by ensuring sustainable growth in our businesses. 

 

 

 




Sustainability Report 2019 

Page | 8  

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

We aspire to understand the needs and expectation of our key stakeholders and 

strive to build and foster mutual beneficial relationships through active 

engagement. We regularly engage with our stakeholders to have a better 

understanding of their expectations and needs. We believe that responding to 

rapidly changing stakeholder interests is critical in sustaining our growth. 

 

Stakeholder 

Group 

Methods of Engagement 

Stakeholders’ Expectations 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

 

Customers 



 

 

Front line interaction at the 

restaurants. 

Response to feedbacks via 

various channels. 

 

 

Good food and beverage, 

service and genuine 

hospitality. 

Food safety and hygiene.  

Daily 

 

 

Suppliers 

 

 

 

 

 

Constant communication 

with suppliers to ensure 

standards compliance and 

quality assurance. 

 

 

Good business relationship, 

mutual understanding on 

expectations and open 

communication.  

Periodic 

 

 

Employees 

 

 

 

 

 

Coaching, training, 

mentoring are the key 

elements in our 

relationship with each of 

our team members. 

 

Staff benefits, employee 

rights, personal 

development and good 

working environment.  

 

Daily 

 

 

Investors 

 

 

 

 

 

Annual general meetings 

(“AGM”) and corporate 

announcements to keep 

shareholders updated 

about the Group’s 

performance and updates. 

 

 

Sustainable business, 

profitability, transparency, 

timely reporting and fair 

business practices. 

 

AGM – Annually 

Periodic 

 

 

Business 

Partners 

 

 

 

 

 

Business meetings and 

constant communication to 

maintain business dealings 

such as landlords. 

 

Foster good relationship 

and partnership for 

opportunities and growth. 

Periodic 

 

Government 

and Regulators 



 

 

Keep abreast with 

awareness of regulations. 

Communicate with 

regulators and disclose 

pertinent timely 

information. 

 

Compliance with 

regulations, timely 

reporting and resolution of 

issues. 

Periodic 

 












Sustainability Report 2019 

Page | 9  

 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

For our third year of sustainability reporting, we will continue to utilise the factors identified in the 

previous sustainability reports which was ranked and prioritised amongst the ESG factors after 

taking into consideration stakeholders’ feedbacks, challenges faced by the industry, risks, business 

objectives and qualitative perspectives. Pursuant thereto, we will continue to focus our sustainability 

efforts on the following ESG factors:  

 

Sustainability Factors Focused  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

As the restructuring exercise of our Group is currently still ongoing as at the date of this 

sustainability report, the update on our Group’s performance on the selected sustainability factors 

would be based on the limited operations of the Group and targets were not reported as they may 

not provide a representative and realistic portrayal of our Group’s performance. 

 

 



Economic 

Environmental 

Social 





 

Market presence 

 

Anti-corruption 

 

Energy 

 

Employment 

 

Training and education 


Sustainability Report 2019 

Page | 10  

 

MARKET PRESENCE 

 

The focus of our Group in FY2019 was to complete the ongoing restructuring exercise of our Group. 

Concurrently, we remain committed to our remaining operations in Malaysia and maintain our social 

interaction and connection with the local community.  

As we continue our operations on a much smaller scale pending the completion of the restructuring 

exercise, efforts and measures are still in place to ensure that our Group conforms to the local laws 

and regulations. The Human Resource Department attends conference and seminars conducted by 

the relevant authorities to keep themselves updated with the corporate best practices in the HR 

field as well as any changes to the local labour laws and regulations. Our Group continues to strive 

on providing wages above the minimal wage level and ensures that minimal wage level is in 

compliance with Malaysia’s manpower regulations. 

Our Group is conscious on the importance of engaging local talents, 

establishing ties with the local communities and creating a sense of 

relatability. Due to the ongoing restructuring exercise, we are unable 

to clearly represent our market presence in FY2019 and set 

quantifiable targets in FY2020. 

We aim to maintain our relationship with the local communities 

moving forward to allow for our continuous presence to the local 

communities as our operations continue to adapt accordingly.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




Sustainability Report 2019 

 

Page | 11  

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

 

We adopt good corporate governance to establish and maintain an ethical environment within our 

Group. We are committed to a high standard of ethics and adopts a zero tolerance approach 

towards fraud and other improprieties.  

We maintain and adhere to a whistle-blowing policy which was endorsed by the AC, approved by the 

Board and made readily available to our employees and stakeholders through our website. A 

dedicated and secured e-mail address is established to allow whistle-blowers to contact the AC 

members directly. 

This provides a platform for all employees and stakeholders to raise concerns about actual or 

potential corporate malpractices including conflict of interest, insider trading, collusion with 

competitors, serious breaches of our Group’s policy, unsafe work practices or any other matters 

involving fraud, corruption and employee misconduct. All concerns or irregularities raised will be 

treated in confidence and whistle blowers are protected against reprisals for whistleblowing 

conducted in good faith. The AC oversees the process and ensures the independent investigation of 

such matters and for appropriate follow-up actions. 

Our Group continues to have a record of zero corruption report received by the AC during FY2019. 

We will continue to maintain our anti-corruption culture with the help of our whistle blowing policy 

and internal controls established and should there be a need, fine-tune and update our whistle-

blowing policy to adapt to the changing business environment.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

T 

 




Sustainability Report 2019 

 

Page | 12  

 

ENERGY 

 

Conserving energy continues to be an integral part of our Group’s 

sustainability strategy. Energy saving features for most of our kitchen 

equipment help to reduce energy usage and reduce carbon output. We are 

also using eco-friendly food packaging for take-away in our restaurant as a 

form of sustainable packaging. The continuous awareness and education to 

our employees also aid to reduce wastage through our daily operations. In 

our existing operations, we strive to continue to explore measures which 

we can incorporate into our daily operations to reduce energy usage and 

embark on energy-saving initiatives once our financial position has been 

restored.  

Based on our Group’s existing operating restaurant, the total energy used in terms of kWh for 

FY2019 was approximately 0.25 million kWh and we target for a 2% reduction in FY2020.  

In addition to reduction of energy usage, we also aim to reduce food wastage as a sustainable 

practice via stock control, avoidance of over production by predicting food orders and employees 

awareness. We are unable to provide qualitative data and target for food wastage in this report as 

operationally it was impracticable to measure food wastages. All wastages are included as food costs 

and this will be monitored by the team.   

 

EMPLOYMENT, TRAINING AND 

EDUCATION

 

Notwithstanding that the level or our operations has reduced significantly as compared to previous 

years due to the ongoing restructuring exercise, employment continues to be an important part of 

our sustainability strategy due to our belief and commitment to our employees. We aim to provide a 

health work environment and provide equal opportunities to all our employees. Policies and 

practices are put in place to ensure transparency and fairness. 

We adopt an open culture and focus on two-way communication which will allow us to obtain 

feedback from our employees and address any grievances. Annual performance review continues to 

be an integral part of our people management system to identify performing and calibre individuals 

for performance reward entitlement and the opportunity for career development. Employee 

benefits include life and medical insurance (not applicable to temporary or part-time employees), 

meal and traveling allowances and staff training. We ensure that all required benefits (including 

parental leave) and welfare are provided to each employee in compliance with the local laws. We 

also continuously monitor our compensation package to ensure we stay competitive and is able to 




Sustainability Report 2019 

 

Page | 13  

 

retain talents. We do not have a gender preference in our recruitment but candidates who were 

interested in our recruitment adverts were generally males due to the nature of the work. 

We also emphasize on employee development and identify areas for improvement for the 

respective employees via our annual performance appraisals. Technical trainings for outlet 

personnel or management training for executives could help to improve on the performance of the 

individuals.  We are unable to provide the qualitative data and target for the number of hours of 

training in this report as currently most training are provided on the job due to limited resources 

available in view of the Group’s restructuring exercise.  

We provide updates on the progress of the Group’s ongoing 

restructuring exercise and relevant changes to our Group arising 

from the exercise to ensure our employees are aware and well-

informed of the potential impacts they might be facing. Business 

rationalisation initiatives are implemented to better focus our 

existing resources which may assist in the financial restoration of 

our Group. As such, we are currently unable to set targets with 

regards to employment and training. Nonetheless, we believe that 

after the restructuring exercise, we would be able to better focus on 

employee development, training and education for our employees. 

Moving forward, we would continue to maintain our open culture which encourages two way 

communication and maintain competitive benefits to our employees to encourage retention of 

talents in our Group. 

Employees Information as at 31 December 2019 

 

 

Gender 

 

Number of employees 

 

% 

Male 

19 

95% 

Female 

1 

5% 

Total 

20 

100 

 

 

Age 

Number of employees 

% 

30 and below 

9 

45% 

31 to 40 

9 

45% 

41 and above 

2 

10% 

Total 

20 

100 

 

 

 



Number of employees by Gender 

Number of employees by Age 


Sustainability Report 2019 

 

Page | 14  

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

 

 

 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons 

for Omission, if applicable 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

2016 

Organizational Profile 

102-1 Name of the organisation  

Cover Page 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

Page 5 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

Page 5 

102-4 Location of operations 

Page 5 

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

Page 5 and Annual Report 

102-6 Markets served 

Page 5 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

Page 5 and Annual Report 

102-8 Information on employees and other workers  

Page 13  

102-9 Supply chain  

Page 6 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

No changes to supply chain 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

Precautionary approach 

102-12 External initiatives 

 

We will continue work on 

reporting this in the next 

report once restructuring 

exercise is complete 

102-13 Membership of associations 

Strategy 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

Page 3 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

Page 5 

Governance 

102-18 Governance structure 

Page 7 and Annual Report 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

Page 8 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Page 8 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Page 8 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

Page 8 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Annual Report 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Page 2 

102-47 List of material topics 

Page 9 

102-48 Restatements of information 

Not applicable 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

Not applicable 

102-50 Reporting period 

Page 2 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

30 May 2019 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

Page 2 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Page 2 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

Page 2 

102-55 GRI content index 

Page 14 

102-56 External assurance 

Page 2 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

Market Presence 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 10 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Page 10 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Page 10 


Sustainability Report 2019 

 

Page | 15  

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons 

for Omission, if applicable 

GRI 202: 

Market 

Presence 2016 

202-1 Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared to 

local minimum wage 

Page 10. We will work on 

reporting this in the next 

report once restructuring 

exercise is complete. 

202-2 Proportion of senior management hired from the local 

community 

Anti-Corruption 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 11 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Page 11 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Page 11 

GRI 205: Anti-

Corruption 

2016 

205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

Page 11 

205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies 

and procedures 

Page 11 

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

Page 11 

Energy 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 12 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Page 12 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Page 12 

GRI 302: Energy 

302-1 Energy consumption within the organisation 

Page 12  

302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organisation 

302-3 Energy intensity 

302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 

302-5 Reduction in energy requirements of products and services 

Employment 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 12 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Page 12 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Page 12 

GRI 401:  

Employment 

2016 

401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover 

Page 12. We will work on 

reporting this in the next 

report once restructuring 

exercise is complete. 

401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided 

to temporary or part-time employees 

Page 12 

401-3 Parental leave 

Page 12 

Training and Education 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 12 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Page 12 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Page 12 

GRI 404: 

Training and 

Education 2016 

404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee 

Page 12  

404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 

assistance programs 

404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and 

career development reviews 

 

