
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

RESOURCES HOLDINGS LTD. 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT  

2020 

 








Sustainability Report 2020 

Page | 1  

 

CONTENTS 

 

2 

 

About This Report 

3 

 

Board Statement 

5 

 

About Us 

6 

 

Supply Chain 

7 

 

Governance &amp; Sustainability Approach 

8 

 

Stakeholder Engagement  

9 

 

Material Topics 

10 

 

Market Presence 

11 

 

Anti-Corruption 

12 

 

Energy 

13 

 

Employment, Training and Education 

15 

 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Content Index 

 

 

 

 




Sustainability Report 2020 

Page | 2  

 



ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

This is the annual sustainability report by Chaswood Resources Holdings Ltd (“Company”) and 

its subsidiaries (“Chaswood” or our “Group” or “we”) pursuant to Rules 711A and 711B of the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of 

Catalist (“Catalist Rules”) and in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) 

Standards Sustainability Reporting Guidelines 2016 - Core Option and its reporting principles. 

We continued to adopt the GRI framework as it is an internationally recognised reporting 

framework that covers a wide range of sustainability disclosures.  

 

In this report, we will be updating the status of our Group’s operations in Malaysia from 1 

January 2020 to 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”). Sustainability reporting should encompass 

both information obtained in the past and sustainability goals established by our Group to 

provide for a better overall view of the Group’s sustainability performance on environmental, 

social and governance factors (“ESG”). However, in view of our Group’s restructuring exercise 

which is still ongoing, the information in this report may not meaningfully represent the 

future business operations and strategies of our Group. We have not sought external 

assurance for this reporting period. 

 

As part of our environmental conservation efforts, we will not be printing this report. A copy 

of this report is available for download from SGXNET and our website at 

http://www.chaswood.com.my/.  

 

We are committed in upholding good governance and sustainable development, and we will 

continuously report on our progress annually. We are also committed to listening to our 

stakeholders and we look forward to your feedback. For any enquiry relating to this report, 

please contact us at invest@chaswood.com.my. 

 

 


Sustainability Report 2020 

Page | 3  

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

The Board of Directors (“Board”) would like to present our annual Sustainability Report which 

seeks to reaffirm our commitment towards sustainability and discusses the challenges and 

material issues identified to be of importance to our stakeholders. As our Group embarks on 

the ongoing restructuring exercise, we are mindful of the importance to manage ESG impacts 

with transparent and consistent disclosure. 

 

In FY2020, the unprecedented Covid-19 pandemic had significantly impacted the global 

economy and disruption to businesses, employments and health and the Group’s restaurant 

business was not spared with the enforcement of movement control order in Malaysia. Our 

focus in FY2020 had been to manage overheads and implement targeted strategies to drive 

sales while continuing to complete the restructuring exercise of our Group to restore the 

financial position of the Group. The current restructuring exercise was crucial to provide 

better value to all stakeholders, including shareholders and creditors.  

 

In FY2020, there were unfortunately some delays in certain milestones of the restructuring 

exercise due to the Covid-19 pandemic which resulted in more time required for the 

completion of the milestones. Updates on the restructuring exercise during the financial year 

are as follows: 

 

(i) 

Proposed issuance of redeemable convertible note  

 

Our Company had entered into a subscription agreement on 30 November 2019 with 

Advance Opportunities Fund (“AOF”) and Advance Opportunities Fund I (“AOF I”) (AOF 

and AOF I shall collectively be known as the “Subscribers") pursuant to which our 

Company proposes to issue to the Subscribers 1.0% equity-linked RCN due 2022 with 

an aggregate principal amount of up to S$50.0 million. The proceeds will be utilized for 

the funding of our Group’s working capital and future expansions and investments. The 

issuance of the RCN is subject to fulfilment of certain conditions precedent which 

includes inter-alia the share trading resumption. On 19 November 2020, our Company 

had entered into a supplemental agreement with the Subscribers for the last date to 

satisfy the conditions precedent to be extended to 31 May 2021.  

 

(ii) 

Proposed scheme of arrangement with scheme creditors (“SOA”) 

 

To address the remaining liabilities of our Company, a proposed SOA with our creditors 

was undertaken. During a creditors’ meeting held on 30 April 2020, the proposed SOA 

was approved by a majority in number representing at least 75% of the total value of 

the scheme creditors present and voting in person or by proxy at the meeting. On 26 

June 2020, the Court granted an order that the proposed SOA be approved and the 

Scheme was thus binding on our Company and our creditors. The SOA was thereafter 

amended to extend the dateline to 30 June 2021 for the completion of the SOA 


Sustainability Report 2020 

Page | 4  

 

(“Amended SOA”). The Amended SOA obtained the requisite approval from the scheme 

creditors on 27 November 2020 and the Court provided its approval on 7 December 

2020.  

 

The completion of the above milestones will also facilitate the resumption proposal to be 

submitted to the SGX-ST and thereafter provide better value to the stakeholders with the 

completion of the restructuring exercise. Please refer to the announcement made via SGXNET 

by the Company for more details of the above-mentioned. 

 

Our Board understands the importance of sustainability and continue to work closely with the 

management to incorporate sustainability goals and efforts as part of our business objectives 

and strategy formulation. The Board oversees the management and monitoring of material 

ESG for the Group. 

 

We appreciate the support and confidence from our stakeholders amidst the challenging time 

experienced by the Group as we look ahead to a better future. 

 

 

 

 

 

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors  

 

 

Ng Teck Wah 

Non-Independent Non-Executive Chairman 

27 May 2021 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


Sustainability Report 2020 

Page | 5  

 

ABOUT US 

 

Our Group was founded in 2002 as a notable casual dining operator in Malaysia under various brands 

including international franchise brand, TGI Friday’s and proprietary brands, Teh Tarik Place, 

Italiannies and Malones. Over the years, the operations also expanded to Indonesia and China. In 2012, 

the Company reached another milestone when it was listed on the Catalist Board of SGX-ST. Pursuant 

to the completion of the disposal of CRSB in October 2019 and as part of the ongoing restructuring 

exercise, our Group’s current sole business is the operation of the restaurant business under the 

Italiannies brand.  

 

 

 

Since its existence in 2004, Italiannies is famously known for bringing uniquely rustic Italian cuisine to 

the tables. Fresh ingredients are used with its characteristic recipes from starters, salads, pizzas, meat 

dishes and desserts. To give the best of taste and freshness, Italiannies’ signature sauces and bread 

dough are made fresh every morning. 

Currently, there is 1 outlet located in Malaysia but the brand is poised for expansion with the 

completion of our Group’s restructuring exercise. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 








Sustainability Report 2020 

Page | 6  

 

SUPPLY CHAIN 

 

We aim to build a responsible and sustainable supply chain with a clear guidance via our procurement 

policies and procedures. Our Group places utmost importance towards the quality of ingredients used 

in our restaurants. We undertake stringent procurement evaluation process on our suppliers and 

ensure our suppliers meet high standards in terms of ethical conduct, food and workplace standards 

and environmental compliance. We consistently monitor these approved suppliers to ensure such 

compliance to the standards, quality and services provided.  

 

We believe that responsible sourcing is essential in maintaining the success of our business and we 

will continue to identify opportunities to streamline and reduce costs, protect our reputation and the 

safety of our customers. There were no substantial changes to our supply chain in FY2020. 

 

During the Covid-19 pandemic, the suppliers which our Group sources the raw ingredients from did 

not encounter any disruption in their supplies. Thus, our supply chain was not affected during this 

period. Nevertheless, we do have a diversification of suppliers as a sourcing strategy in the event there 

is any potential disruption of supplies in any particular supplier. 

 

Sustainable Supply Chain Process 

Procurement 

▪ 

Secure raw ingredients supply from local independent 

suppliers based on set guidelines for quality assurance. 

▪ 

Periodic evaluation of major suppliers such as random audits is 

conducted to ensure quality assurance and compliance with our 

guidelines. 

▪ 

Continuous 

review 

of 

supply 

chain 

to 

ensure 

cost 

competitiveness and compliance with relevant standards.  

 

Distribution 

▪ 

Suppliers deliver food directly to the restaurant. Freshness and 

quality are checked before acceptance of supply. 

 

Restaurant 

▪ 

Food is cooked fresh in restaurant and served to customers. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




Sustainability Report 2020 

Page | 7  

 

GOVERNANCE &amp;     

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

 

Our Company recognises that having a good corporate governance is key to the sustainability of our 

business. Our Board continues to be committed in maintaining a high standard of corporate 

governance within our Group. Our sustainability efforts are driven by our Group’s desire to ensure 

that our business objectives are in line with our commitment to sustainable development. We 

constantly review our processes, policies and practices to ensure that it meets the changing needs of 

our Group and the industry. The senior management is responsible for on-going communication to 

the Board of Directors. 

Our Group continues to maintain our whistle-blowing policy to provide an avenue to all employees 

and external parties to report any concern or complaint regarding questionable accounting or auditing 

matters, internal controls, disclosure matters, conflict of interest, insider trading, collusion with 

competitors, serious breaches of the Group’s policy, unsafe work practices or any other matters 

involving fraud, corruption and employee misconduct. We utilise a secured e-mail address 

(ac@chaswood.com.my) as a whistle blowing channel for direct contact to the Audit Committee 

(“AC”). All concerns or irregularities raised will be treated in confidence and every effort will be made 

to ensure that confidentiality is maintained throughout the process. The AC members may, in 

consultation with the Managing Director and/or senior management, direct the complaint to the 

division or department best placed to address it, or lead the investigation to ensure prompt and 

appropriate investigation and resolution. There has been no report of whistleblowing for FY2020 and 

we target for the same for FY2021.  

The Board maintains its responsibility for the governance 

of risk and understands the need to ensure that a sound 

system of risk management and internal controls to 

safeguard the shareholders’ interests and the Group’s 

assets are in place. We have established internal 

monitoring and review processes to assess the adequacy 

and the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control 

systems, including financial, operational, compliance and 

information technology controls and risk management 

systems. Any material non-compliance or lapses in 

internal controls, together with recommendation for 

improvement, are reported to the AC. 

Our Group places great emphasis on accountability, transparency, ethical business conduct and good 

corporate governance. We are committed to deliver value to all our stakeholders upon the completion 

of the ongoing restructuring exercise by ensuring sustainable growth in our businesses. 

 




Sustainability Report 2020 

Page | 8  

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

We aspire to understand the needs and expectation of our key stakeholders and strive to build and 

foster mutual beneficial relationships through active engagement. We regularly engage with our 

stakeholders through various channels and encourage feedback from them to promote fair and open 

communications and have a better understanding of their expectations and needs. We believe that 

responding to rapidly changing stakeholder interests is critical in sustaining our growth. The key 

stakeholders that we engage are those that have an impact of their interest on our business, which we 

have identified as follows: 

 

Stakeholder 

Group 

Methods of Engagement* 

Stakeholders’ Expectations 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

 

Customers 



 

 

Front line interaction at the 

restaurants. 

Response to feedbacks via 

various channels. 

 

 

Good food and beverage, 

service and genuine 

hospitality. 

Food safety and hygiene.  

Daily 

 

 

Suppliers 

 

 

 

 

 

Constant communication with 

suppliers to ensure standards 

compliance and quality 

assurance. 

 

 

Good business relationship, 

mutual understanding on 

expectations and open 

communication.  

Periodic 

 

 

Employees 

 

 

 

 

 

Coaching, training, mentoring 

are the key elements in our 

relationship with each of our 

team members. 

 

Staff benefits, employee 

rights, personal development 

and good working 

environment.  

 

Daily 

 

 

Investors 

 

 

 

 

 

Annual general meetings 

(“AGM”) and corporate 

announcements to keep 

shareholders updated about 

the Group’s performance and 

updates. 

 

 

Sustainable business, 

profitability, transparency, 

timely reporting and fair 

business practices. 

 

AGM – Annually 

Periodic 

 

 

Business Partners 

 

 

 

 

 

Business meetings and 

constant communication to 

maintain business dealings 

such as landlords. 

 

Foster good relationship and 

partnership for opportunities 

and growth. 

Periodic 

 

Government 

and Regulators 



 

 

Keep abreast with awareness 

of regulations. Communicate 

with regulators and disclose 

pertinent timely information. 

 

Compliance with regulations, 

timely reporting and 

resolution of issues. 

Periodic 

 

*In view of the Covid-19 pandemic, proper social and physical distancing will be practiced in the engagements 

with stakeholders. 










Sustainability Report 2020 

Page | 9  

 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

In this report, we will continue to utilise the factors identified in the previous sustainability reports 

which was ranked and prioritised amongst the ESG factors after taking into consideration stakeholders’ 

feedbacks, challenges faced by the industry, risks, business objectives and qualitative perspectives. 

Pursuant thereto, we will continue to focus our sustainability efforts on the following ESG factors:  

 

Sustainability Factors Focused  

 

 

 

 

 

 

As the restructuring exercise of our Group is currently still ongoing as at the date of this sustainability 

report, the update on our Group’s performance on the selected sustainability factors would be based 

on the limited operations of the Group and targets were not reported as they may not provide a 

representative and realistic portrayal of our Group’s performance. 

 

 

▪ 

Market presence 

▪ 

Anti-corruption 

▪ 

Energy 

▪ 

Employment 

▪ 

Training and education 

Economic 

Social 

Environmental 






Sustainability Report 2020 

Page | 10  

 

MARKET PRESENCE 

 

The focus of our Group in FY2020 was to complete the ongoing restructuring exercise of our Group. 

Concurrently, we remain committed to our remaining operations in Malaysia and maintain our social 

interaction and connection with the local community.  

 

As we continue our operations on a much smaller scale pending the completion of the restructuring 

exercise, efforts and measures are still in place to ensure that our Group conforms to the local laws 

and regulations. The Human Resource Department attends conference and seminars conducted by 

the relevant authorities to keep themselves updated with the corporate best practices in the HR field 

as well as any changes to the local labour laws and regulations. Our Group continues to strive on 

providing wages above the minimal wage level and ensures that minimal wage level is in compliance 

with Malaysia’s manpower regulations. 

 

Our Group is conscious on the importance of engaging local talents, establishing ties with the local 

communities and creating a sense of relatability. Due to the ongoing restructuring exercise, we are 

unable to clearly represent our market presence in FY2020 and set quantifiable targets in FY2021. 

 

Nevertheless, a new outlet is currently in progress and is expected to commence operations at the 

end of the second quarter of 2021 or beginning of third quarter depending on the movement control 

order guidelines. As part of the future plans, our Group intends to expand the Italiannies brand in 

Malaysia with the opening of more restaurants. Our Group has also developed a new kiosk model 

which is more efficient and scalable to cater for the current market and may be the key growth driver 

for the brand. In addition, our Group will be expanding the brand in Malaysia and internationally at a 

faster pace via a franchise business model where development agreements have been entered into 

with several developers. For further details of the development agreements, please refer to our 

Company’s announcement dated 7 March 2021. 

 

We aim to maintain our relationship with the local communities moving forward to allow for our 

continuous presence to the local communities as our operations continue to adapt accordingly.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


Sustainability Report 2020 

 

Page | 11  

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

 

We adopt good corporate governance to establish and maintain an ethical environment within our 

Group. We are committed to a high standard of ethics and adopts a zero-tolerance approach towards 

fraud, bribery, corruption and other improprieties. All our employees must comply with all applicable 

prevention of corruption laws. Policies and procedures on conflict of interest are established and 

communicated to all employees. 

We maintain and adhere to a whistle-blowing policy which was endorsed by the AC, approved by the 

Board and made readily available to our employees and stakeholders through our website. A 

dedicated and secured e-mail address is established to allow whistle-blowers to contact the AC 

members directly. 

This provides a platform for all employees and stakeholders to raise concerns about actual or potential 

corporate malpractices including conflict of interest, insider trading, collusion with competitors, 

serious breaches of our Group’s policy, unsafe work practices or any other matters involving fraud, 

corruption and employee misconduct. All concerns or irregularities raised will be treated in confidence 

and whistle blowers are protected against reprisals for whistleblowing conducted in good faith. The 

AC oversees the process and ensures the independent investigation of such matters and for 

appropriate follow-up actions. 

Our Group continues to have a record of zero corruption report received by the AC during FY2020. 

We will continue to maintain our anti-corruption culture with the help of our whistle blowing policy 

and internal controls established and should there be a need, fine-tune and update our whistle-

blowing policy to adapt to the changing business environment. For FY2021, our Group targets to 

maintain its zero-incident record on non-compliance with laws and regulations relating to corruption 

or fraud. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




Sustainability Report 2020 

 

Page | 12  

 

ENERGY 

 

Conserving energy is an integral part of our Group’s sustainability strategy. We are committed to 

operate in a green environment, to minimize impact of our operations to the environment.  

Energy saving features for most of our kitchen equipment 

help to reduce energy usage and reduce carbon output. We 

are also using eco-friendly food packaging for take-away in 

our restaurant as a form of sustainable packaging. We have 

also stopped providing disposable straws unless the 

customer requests for it. The continuous awareness and 

education to our employees also aid to reduce wastage 

through our daily operations. In our existing operations, we 

strive to continue to explore measures which we can 

incorporate into our daily operations to reduce energy usage 

and embark on energy-saving initiatives once our financial 

position has been restored.  

Based on our Group’s existing operating restaurant, the total energy used in terms of kWh for FY2020 

was approximately 0.21 million kWh, a decrease of approximately 17% as compared to FY2019. In 

addition to the continuous awareness to our employees to reduce energy usage in our daily operations, 

the decrease of energy used was due to the limited operations of the restaurant where only dine-in 

services were not allowed during the movement control order imposed by the Malaysian government 

due to the Covid-19 pandemic. Thus, the energy usage in FY2021 may increase when our restaurant is 

in full operation. However, we will still target for a 2% reduction in FY2021 as compared to FY2019.   

In addition to the reduction of energy usage, we also aim to reduce food wastage as a sustainable 

practice via stock control, avoidance of over production by predicting food orders and employees 

awareness. We are unable to provide qualitative data and target for food wastage in this report as 

operationally it was impracticable to measure food wastages. All wastages are included as food costs 

and this will be monitored by the team.   

 

 

 

 

 

 






Sustainability Report 2020 

 

Page | 13  

 

EMPLOYMENT, TRAINING AND 

EDUCATION

Notwithstanding that the level or our operations has reduced significantly as compared to previous 

years due to the ongoing restructuring exercise, employment continues to be an important part of our 

sustainability strategy due to our belief and commitment to our employees. We believe our employees 

are our most valuable assets and thus, attracting and retaining talent are part of our Group’s strategy 

for ensuring sustainable growth for our business. We aim to provide a health work environment and 

provide equal opportunities to all our employees. Policies and practices are put in place to ensure 

transparency and fairness. 

We adopt an open culture and focus on two-way communication which will allow us to obtain 

feedback from our employees and address any grievances. Annual performance review continues to 

be an integral part of our people management system to identify performing and calibre individuals 

for performance reward entitlement and the opportunity for career development. Employee benefits 

include life and medical insurance (not applicable to temporary or part-time employees), meal and 

traveling allowances and staff training. We ensure that all required benefits (including parental leave) 

and welfare are provided to each employee in compliance with the local laws. We also continuously 

monitor our compensation package to ensure we stay competitive and is able to retain talents. We do 

not have a gender preference in our recruitment but candidates who were interested in our 

recruitment adverts were generally males due to the nature of the work. 

We also emphasize on employee development and identify 

areas for improvement for the respective employees via 

our annual performance appraisals. Technical trainings for 

outlet personnel or management training for executives 

could help to improve on the performance of the 

individuals.  We are unable to provide the qualitative data 

and target for the number of hours of training in this report 

as currently most training is provided on the job due to 

limited resources available in view of the Group’s 

restructuring exercise. Nevertheless, for FY2021, we will 

remain steadfast in the continuous development of our 

employees through in-house coaching and external courses. 

We provide updates on the progress of the Group’s ongoing restructuring exercise and relevant 

changes to our Group arising from the exercise to ensure our employees are aware and well-informed 

of the potential impacts they might be facing. Business rationalisation initiatives are implemented to 

better focus our existing resources which may assist in the financial restoration of our Group. As such, 

we are currently unable to set targets with regards to employment and training. Nonetheless, we 

believe that after the restructuring exercise, we would be able to better focus on employee 

development, training and education for our employees. 




Sustainability Report 2020 

 

Page | 14  

 

Moving forward, we would continue to maintain our open culture which encourages two-way 

communication and maintain competitive benefits to our employees to encourage retention of talents 

in our Group. 

 

Employees Information as at 31 December 2020 

 

 

 

Gender 

 

Number of  

employees 

 

% 

Male 

12 

92% 

Female 

1 

8% 

Total 

13 

100 

 

 

 

Age 

Number of  

employees 

% 

30 and below 

1 

8% 

31 to 40 

10 

77% 

41 and above 

2 

15% 

Total 

13 

100 

 

 

Our Board’s composition provides a sufficient combination of core competencies of knowledge, 

business contacts and extensive business and commercial experience necessary to meet the 

requirements of our Group and facilitate effective decision making. Our Directors bring with them a 

wealth of expertise and experience with an appropriate balance and diversity of skills in areas such as 

accounting, finance, legal, business and management experience and industry knowledge. This 

composition enables the management to benefit from a diverse and objective perspective on any 

issues raised before the Board. 

 

Number of employees by Gender 

Number of employees by Age 



Health and Safety during Covid-19 Pandemic 

The best practices and safe operations enforced 

within our Group includes: 

▪ encouraging remote working wherever 

possible;  

▪ establishing social distancing and enhanced 

cleaning protocols in the restaurant and 

office; 

▪ closely supervising the health of all workers 

and training teams to ask for help if they 

notice co-workers who may be showing signs 

of illness; 

▪ enforcing strict compliance with standard 

operating procedures to reduce the spread 

of the virus; and  

▪ engaging with all major suppliers to ensure 

alignment on employee protection, and 

undertaking 

spot 

checks 

to 

ensure 

compliance. 

We will continue to monitor evolving guidance 

from the health ministry regarding exposure 

prevention so that we can ensure our 

employees are as protected as possible while 

the pandemic persists. 

▪  


Sustainability Report 2019 

 

Page | 15  

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

 

 

 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons 

for Omission, if applicable 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

2016 

Organizational Profile 

102-1 Name of the organisation  

Cover Page 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

Page 5 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

Page 5 

102-4 Location of operations 

Page 5 

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

Page 5 and Annual Report 

102-6 Markets served 

Page 5 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

Page 5 and Annual Report 

102-8 Information on employees and other workers  

Page 1  

102-9 Supply chain  

Page 6 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

No changes to supply chain 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

Precautionary approach 

102-12 External initiatives 

 

We will continue work on 

reporting this in the next 

report once restructuring 

exercise is complete 

102-13 Membership of associations 

Strategy 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

Page 3 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

Page 5 

Governance 

102-18 Governance structure 

Page 7 and Annual Report 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

Page 8 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Page 8 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Page 8 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

Page 8 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Annual Report 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Page 2 

102-47 List of material topics 

Page 9 

102-48 Restatements of information 

Not applicable 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

Not applicable 

102-50 Reporting period 

Page 2 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

29 May 2020 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

Page 2 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Page 2 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

Page 2 

102-55 GRI content index 

Page 15 

102-56 External assurance 

Page 2 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

Market Presence 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 10 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Page 10 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Page 10 


Sustainability Report 2019 

 

Page | 16  

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons 

for Omission, if applicable 

GRI 202: 

Market 

Presence 2016 

202-1 Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared to 

local minimum wage 

Page 10. We will work on 

reporting this in the next 

report once restructuring 

exercise is complete. 

202-2 Proportion of senior management hired from the local 

community 

Anti-Corruption 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 11 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Page 11 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Page 11 

GRI 205: Anti-

Corruption 

2016 

205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

Page 11 

205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies 

and procedures 

Page 11 

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

Page 11 

Energy 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 12 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Page 12 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Page 12 

GRI 302: Energy 

302-1 Energy consumption within the organisation 

Page 12  

302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organisation 

302-3 Energy intensity 

302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 

302-5 Reduction in energy requirements of products and services 

Employment 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 13 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Page 13 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Page 13 

GRI 401:  

Employment 

2016 

401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover 

Page 13. We will work on 

reporting this in the next 

report once restructuring 

exercise is complete. 

401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided 

to temporary or part-time employees 

Page 13 

401-3 Parental leave 

Page 13 

Training and Education 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 13 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Page 13 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Page 13 

GRI 404: 

Training and 

Education 2016 

404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee 

Page 13  

404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 

assistance programs 

404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and 

career development reviews 

 

