
Sustainability Report FY2020






Contents

Chapter 1: About the Report...................................................... 

2

Chapter 2: About Chemical Industries (Far East) Limited (“CIL”)

 

Our Board’s Statement........................................................ 

4

 

FY2020 Highlights............................................................... 

5

 

Company Overview............................................................. 

5 

 

 

Our Business Purpose........................................................ 

6

Chapter 3: Sustainability at CIL

 

Materiality Prioritisation........................................................ 

8

 

Stakeholder Engagement.................................................... 

8

 

Sustainability Pillars............................................................. 

9

Chapter 4: Areas of Focus for CIL

 

Marketplace........................................................................ 

11

 

Environment........................................................................ 

12

 

People................................................................................ 

15 

 

Community......................................................................... 

17

Chapter 5: GRI Content Index................................................... 

19




2

CIL • Sustainability Report FY2020

This is Chemical Industries (Far East) Limited’s (“CIL”) third sustainability report, which represents our continuous commitment 

in driving a sustainable business for the long-term. The data-driven report will cover all operations of CIL as a manufacturer of 

basic chemicals for the financial period of 01 April 2019 to 31 March 2020.  

The report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability Reporting Standards (“GRI 

Standards”): Core option. The GRI Standards provide the principles and disclosures required by organisations to report their 

economic, environmental and social impacts. CIL applies the GRI principles in defining the report’s content and quality, as set 

out by the GRI Standards. Readers may refer to the full GRI Standards Index at the end of this report for an overview of the 

company’s approach in this regard.

The data disclosed in this report is not externally assured at this time. 

CIL values the opinions of its stakeholders. We welcome all suggestions and feedback on how we can better our sustainability 

report or sustainability practices, and you can do so by contacting: collin.lim@cil.sg.

About the Report




About Chemical Industries (Far East) Limited (“CIL”)


4

CIL • Sustainability Report FY2020

Making strides forward with our first fully GRI-compliant report.

In FY2020, we continue our progress to transform our business into one that has sustainability embedded at its core. Since 

embarking on our sustainably journey in 2018, we have strived to put the environment and social agenda as focal points in our 

corporate strategy. We are proud to achieve a new milestone that sees us making the reporting transition from ESG to GRI 

Standards. This allows us to better understand and communicate our critical business impacts to address global challenges, 

while creating a competitive edge in a world increasingly shaped by resource scarcity. 

In this report, you will read about how CIL has played an active part in making positive differences, going above business needs 

and regulatory compliance, to provide visibility of our sustainability roadmap ahead.

Innovation continues to be our key value driver in the “new normal”.

This year, the COVID-19 pandemic has presented much uncertainties and challenges. More importantly, it also highlighted the 

critical role in which innovation keeps the world and economy going. CIL recognises that our unique chemical manufacturing 

capabilities not only powers fundamental industry processes during normal times across the city-state, but it also protects the 

health of communities in crucial times like these with our expertise in disinfecting chemicals. As we forge ahead with the new 

normal, we aim to drive the development of new solutions that will be able to bring about fundamental change to help shape 

the nation’s recovery beyond the crisis. 

Our innovative spirit backed by a constant desire for growth has always been the backbone of our company culture, which 

has led us to evolve over the years to become the supplier of choice in Singapore for basic chemicals. CIL will continue to 

advance our knowledge and investments in processes and people to create the best value in a sustainable way that benefits 

the business and the planet - economically, environmentally and socially.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Collin Lim, Executive Director,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

on behalf of CIL’s Board 

Our Board’s Statement




5

CIL • Sustainability Report FY2020

FY2020 Highlights

Company Overview

Since 1963, Chemical Industries (Far East) 

Limited (“CIL”) is the sole manufacturer and 

industry pioneer of Chlorine, Sodium Hydroxide 

and other chlor-alkali products in Singapore. 

We supply four key product categories – 

Sodium Hypochlorite, Hydrochloric Acid, 

Chlorine, and Sodium Hydroxide, and keep 

focus to serve our core industries of petro-

chemical, pharmaceutical, electronics, and 

water-treatment by consistently offering quality 

chemicals to our clients. 

 

We also have a main subsidiary - Chem 

Transport Pte Ltd, to handle all logistics. As 

producers, we take great pride in having a fully 

integrated logistics branch that translates to 

full oversight from product manufacturing to 

delivery, across 14 global markets.



State-of-

the-art

Chlor-alkali 

production plant



Global staff strength

192

employees



Quality test pass per 

1million metric ton of 

chemical production

100%

Sodium 

Hypochlorite

("bleach")

Widely used for its 

bleaching and

disinfecting

properties

to keep

environment

clean.

Hydrochloric Acid

A multipurpose raw material that 

is crucial for industrial processes 

such as the food      

and 

paper industries.

Chlorine

Used mainly for 

water purification to 

provide Singapore 

with clean, drinking 

water.

Sodium Hydroxide

Highly versatile core substance 

used in many manufacturing 

processes.


6

CIL • Sustainability Report FY2020





We have a chlor-alkali production plant – Sakra CIL plant, in Jurong Island that was set up in 1999. A state-of-the-art plant, it 

has been showcased in international chlor-alkali conferences as an industry best-practice plant example. Our headquarters, 

located on the mainland, serves as a back-up storage and continuity site for the business.

 



Myanmar

Cambodia

Vietnam

Malaysia (Kuching, Sarawak)

Indonesia (Medan)

Brunei

Philippines (Manila)

Maldives

Papua New Guinea

Singapore

Sri Lanka

Australia

New Zealand

Diego Garcia

Our Business Purpose

CIL is guided by our mission to create and 

deliver the best value to our stakeholders in 

the chemical manufacturing industry through 

strategic, long-term partnerships underscored 

with trust and quality.

We build on our three core advantages with 

our stakeholders – both internal and external 

– to collectively achieve organisational growth 

that focuses on providing innovative industrial 

chemical solutions across the region in a safe, 

sustainable and efficient manner.

Manufacturing

Excellence

Logistical

Efficiency

Safe &amp; Reliable

Procedures




















Sustainability at CIL


8

CIL • Sustainability Report FY2020

















Economic topics

1. Economic Performance

2. Anti-Corruption

3. Energy

4. Water

5. Environmental Compliance

Environment topics

6. Occupational Health &amp; Safety

7. Freedom of Association and

    Collective Bargaining 

8. Local Communities

Social topics

Stakeholders  

 

 

Engagement Method 

 

Frequency of Engagement

Government and Regulators 

 

Compliance reviews and audits  

As and when needed

Shareholders 

 

 

 

Shareholder meetings 

 

 

On a regular basis 

Management 

 

 

 

Meetings 

 

 

 

Weekly

 

 

 

 

 

Contract reviews 

 

 

Annually

Customers 

 

 

 

Customer calls  

 

 

On a regular basis

 

 

 

 

 

Customer surveys 

 

 

Annually

 

 

 

 

 

Market watch 

 

 

 

On a regular basis

Suppliers 

 

 

 

Contract negotiation 

 

 

Quarterly

 

 

 

 

 

Trade conferences 

 

 

As and when opportunities arise

 

 

 

 

 

Employee appraisal 

 

 

Annually

Employees 

 

 

 

Collective bargaining 

 

 

Annually

 

 

 

 

 

Employee events 

 

 

Annually

Stakeholder Engagement

We continue to stay closely connected to stakeholders in order to build enduring and mutually-beneficial relationships through 

proactive listening and responding. This allows us to stay in-the-know of trends and issues to remain sustainably competitive 

in an industry that is constantly changing, while ensuring that our ESG priorities are in line and relevant for us, as well as for our 

key stakeholders.

We engage our stakeholders through a variety of methods. The table below lists the means of engagement specific to each 

stakeholder group, as well as the frequency in which they are engaged.

Materiality Prioritisation

At CIL, we believe that economic success can be achieved simultaneously with environmental and social advancement.

To ensure that our sustainability objectives are aligned to the goals of our business and stakeholders, we review priority 

material topics on a yearly basis that references the GRI Principles of “Environmental”, “Social” and “Governance”. This year, 

our materiality assessment process involved several management meetings between the Heads-of-departments and Board 

members, and one-to-one meetings with key stakeholders such as major shareholders and customers. 

In this FY2020, CIL has identified eight material topics in which we believe we can create the most impact through our

core competencies


9

CIL • Sustainability Report FY2020











Sustainability Pillars

We have placed the eight material topics into four value creation pillars to effectively communicate our commitments to

our various stakeholders. The four pillars are – Marketplace, Environment, People, and Community.

CIL's Sustainability Pillars

Marketplace

Do good

business

Environment

Protect the 

environment

• Energy

• Water and

 Effluents

• Environmental 

Compliance

• Economic 

Performance

• Anti-Corruption

People

Invest in the

well-being of

our staff

• Occupational

 Health &amp; Safety

• Freedom of

 Association and 

Collective

 Bargaining

Community

Build better 

communities

• Local

 Communities


10

CIL • Sustainability Report FY2020

Areas of Focus for CIL


11

CIL • Sustainability Report FY2020

Marketplace

Sustainable Value Creation

CIL strives to balance environmental and social performance with business value 

creation. To do so, we ensure that governance matters at CIL are performed to 

create positive impact for the environment and communities around us, while 

ensuring that we are best positioned for sustained growth moving forward. This 

involves taking into account two aspects:

 

1. Economic Performance

 

2. Anti-Corruption





E

c

o

n

o

m

i

c

 

P

e

r

f

o

r

m

a

n

c

e

A

n

t

i

-

C

o

r

r

u

p

t

i

o

n



Creating Enduring Economic Performance

CIL aims to continuously ensure a positive economic performance by offering high-quality chemical products expected by our 

customers and stakeholders. For more information regarding CIL’s financial results for FY2020, please refer to the following 

sections in CIL’s 2020 Annual Report:

 

• Operating and Financial Review, page 3

 

• Statements of Financial Position, pages 33 and 34

Upholding Anti-Corruption Practices

Maintaining ethical standards is part of CIL’s corporate culture where we hold the confidence of stakeholders and integrity in 

business dealings and relationships in high regard. We take a ‘zero-tolerance’ approach against all forms of corruption, bribery, 

and extortion. In FY2020, there are 0 confirmed incidents of corruption.

We have an internal and external whistleblowing policy where persons are able to pass on information concerning wrongdoing. 

All incidents reported are handled directly by the Group Chairman and an Audit Committee. The policy protects the confidentially, 

identities, and the interests of the whistle-blower, without fear of reprisal, retaliation, discrimination or harassment of any kind.


12

CIL • Sustainability Report FY2020

Environment

Protecting the Planet

CIL is committed to minimize our environmental footprint on 

the planet. To create the most impact, we look to drive positive 

change in three areas across our value chain – Energy, Water 

and Effluents, and Environmental Compliance. We commit 

to goals that we strive to achieve, develop assessment 

and monitoring frameworks to ensure accountability, and 

continually review and fine-tune our actions in order to do 

our part to create a environmentally-sustainable world.

Reducing Energy Usage

We recognize that our electricity consumption can be a 

significant contributor to the impact on the environment. As 

such, we ensure that all energy usage is carried out in the 

most  environmentally-friendly and cost-effective manner. Our 

actions are guided by our Energy Policy, and applies to all of 

CIL’s facilities, business units, subsidiaries, and employees. 

This policy is reviewed and updated every three years to 

increase operational excellence. 

Utilizing advanced technology 

One way in which we reduce energy usage is through the 

adoption of new technology. At CIL, we use an advanced 

version of an Electrolyser that runs on low power consumption 

due to its zero gap technology in our core process of chlorine 

manufacturing. This allows for an increased surface area of 

the membrane that can be utilised, and a more equalized 

electricity current distribution to enable energy efficiency. To 

maintain this method of energy productivity, we replace the 

high-performance membrane every four  years, and a re-coat 

of the electrode every eight years. 

We also make the initiative to purchase electrical motors 

which require less energy to be powered, and are in the midst 

of engaging a third-party consultant to conduct an Energy 

Efficiency Opportunities Assessment (EEOA) by FY2021. 

Through this assessment, we target to achieve 10-15% 

energy savings. 

As of FY2020, our total energy consumption amounts to 

87,614,290 kWh, while our energy intensity ratio amounts to 

2.54 per ton of 100% NaOH.

CIL’s Energy Policy

To achieve our goals of:

 

• Reducing energy usage by 5% per   

 metric ton of caustic produced per   

 kilowatt-hour basis by 2022

 

• Becoming one of the most energy   

 efficient companies in the chlor-alkali  

 industry on kilowatt-hour per metric  

 ton of caustic soda basis

We commit to improve energy efficiency by:

 

• Implementing effective energy  

 

 programmes

 

 

• Establishing partnerships with the

 

 government and outside organisations  

 

• Reducing reliance on fossil fuel and  

 instead use recyclable or recoverable  

 energy, where possible

 

• Investing in cost-effective plant and  

 material upgrades

 

• Educating employees about energy- 

 savings at work and at home















Water and 

Effluents

Environmental 

Compliance

Energy


13

CIL • Sustainability Report FY2020

Advocating good governance systems

To ensure that our processes adhere to ISO14001 and Singapore’s Energy Conservation Act, CIL conducts one external 

and two internal audits a year. A yearly Management Review is also conducted to review objectives, goals, and targets. The 

statutory board in Singapore responsible for improving and sustaining a clean and green environment - National Environmental 

Agency, also conducts an energy audit on our operations yearly. For FY2020, CIL achieved an increase of 1.2% energy savings 

per ton of NaOH production. Our FY2021 goal is to increase this number to 2%.

Enabling Water Efficiency

Water is a critical raw material in our manufacturing process, especially in the production of Chlor-alkali. We utilise three types 

of water - demiwater, raw water, and NEWater, at our manufacturing plants, that leaves in an end-state of either 1.)  as part 

of products or 2.)  as waste water. As of FY2020, our total water withdrawal from third-parties amounts to 272,310 litres, 

while the water discharge amounts to 20,619 litres. 

Where possible, waste water is recycled and reused in various process applications across our production chain. These include:



In a year, we conduct two internal and one external audits, a Management Review, and the submission of water efficiency 

management practices to PUB to ensure that we are on track to meet our water-efficient related goals and targets. As of 

FY2020, we achieved an increase of 5% water savings per ton of NaOH production, and our FY2021 goal is to maintain this rate.











































































Re-circulating depleted brine to 

produce Chlora-alkali products

















































































Recycling of condensates from 

chlorine and hydrogen processing 

streams or caustic evaporation units 

for use in the saturator





























Treating diluted sulphuric acid 

into a secondary final product

Recycling rinse water from 

resin tower streams for use in 

the saturator


14

CIL • Sustainability Report FY2020

Increasing Environmental Compliance

As part of the chemical manufacturing industry, we are extremely particular about how our chemical outputs can affect the 

environment. As such, we take proactive action to minimize any impact on the environment – industry and organisation wide.

Driving industry-wide change

CIL represents the Singapore Manufacturing 

Federation as part of the Environment and 

Resources Standards Committee (ERSC), in 

an on-going nationwide discussion and policy-

making effort to spearhead several technical 

initiatives to increase environmentally beneficial 

impact in the areas of:

• Energy Management

• Water Management

• Solid Waste Management

• Environment Management

Pushing organisation-wide change

• We work closely with various government 

agencies to ensure that our activities are in 

accordance with the local guidelines.

• We regularly review emission points in our 

daily operations and apply the appropriate 

environment quality standards.

• We undertake periodic internal and external 

environmental audits to assess and improve 

our procedures.

In April 2020, we conducted source emission monitoring across seven emission points in our manufacturing systems. 

Concurrently, we also tested for traces of hydrogen chloride, ammonia &amp; ammonium compound, chlorine, oxide of 

nitrogen, and carbon monoxide. Results showed that the concentration of the parameters tested for were within the 

Emission Limits of Standards of Concentration of Air Impurities as stipulated under the Environmental Protection and 

Management Act (Air Impurities) Regulations, 2008 and the Environmental Protection and Management (Air Impurities) 

(Amendment) Regulations, 2015. As of FY2020, testing revealed 0 traces of chlorine in our plant boundaries.

We take various actions in different 

frequencies to ensure environmental 

compliance across our manufacturing 

process.

Due to increasing chemical loads in our 

plant, we are also looking into better 

enclosure methods for key process 

areas such as the chlorine filling station 

to prevent leaks into the environment.

Monthly

Bi-annually

Annually

• Chlorine

• Fire evacuations

• Spillage/gas leakage drills

• Arson prevention drills

• Confined space emergency drills


15

CIL • Sustainability Report FY2020

People

A People-first Focus

Looking to the long-term success of the business, 

our greatest asset is our people. We are committed to 

building a culture that is safe, fair, and inclusive for all of 

our employees.  In doing so, we focus on two aspects 

in particular:

1. Occupational Health and Safety

2. Freedom of Association and Collective   

Bargaining

This allows us to ensure a healthy development of our 

people through the provision of a conducive environment 

that supports meaningful work.

Prioritizing Occupational Health and Safety 

The health and safety of our employees is a top priority, and we adopt a zero tolerance policy on safety lapses. 

We govern Occupational Health and Safety (OHS) matters at CIL 

though the Singapore Standard (SS) 506 Part3, which adheres 

to the standard required by the Code of Practice on Safety 

Management System specific to the chemical industry. These 

management policies are communicated to all internal and 

external personnel, taking into account their roles, responsibilities, 

accountability, and authority. The policies are reviewed periodically 

to ensure that it remains relevant and appropriate for CIL. Before 

the commencement of new work, risk reviews will take place for 

staff safety, as well as for quality assurance.

All OHS procedures are monitored and documented, from process 

parameters to results attained. Management teams will then carry 

out evaluation assessments with adjustments made if required. 

 

In FY2020, the number and rate of work-related injuries measures 

2 and 1.75 per 200,000 hours worked respectively. These 

injuries were chemical splash and metal-cut related, in the 

228,346.20 hours worked by all employees.

Involving staff as part of the solution

Staff are encouraged to report potential work-related hazards or incidents. In the event an incident is reported, an investigation 

team will be formed to investigate the hazard and its related risks, and preventive action will be taken to prevent recurrence. Staff 

are also consulted by Environmental Health and Safety (EHS) personnel on suggested improvements through feedback forms. 

These suggestions are evaluated by a Workplace Safety and Health (WSH) committee at monthly meetings, and if applicable, 

will be implemented.

An overview of CIL’s key OHS 

targets and policies:

• Safety Regulation Briefings: 100% 

completion rate for employees, contractors, 

and subcontractors on a yearly basis

• Emergency Response Plans: 100% 

completion rate for supervisors, foremen, and 

process technicians on a yearly basis

• Safe Work Procedures: 100% completion 

rate for staff on a yearly basis

• Relevant Risk Assessment: 100% 

completion rate for staff on a yearly basis

• Tool Box Briefing: At least 1 briefing a week 

across all plant operations





Freedom of 

Association 

and Collective 

Bargaining

Occupational 

Health and

Safety

1

2




16

CIL • Sustainability Report FY2020

Promoting health and wellness

We provide select staff access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services through company clinics, referral systems, 

health insurance, or financial contributions. Onsite health screenings, health coaching sessions, and sports activities such as our 

annual Corporate Steps Challenge, are available to employees. 



Advocating for Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining 

Upholding fair and open employment is key to CIL, having been an early adopter of Unions since 12 Oct 1982. As of May 2019, 

45% supervisory and executive staff who have a Singaporean citizenship at CIL are under a Collective Agreement that promotes 

access to grievance resolutions and benefits. This agreement will be enforced till June 2021. In particular, we place emphasis on 

two aspects of the Collective Agreement:

Clause 38: Workplace Safety and Health

• Provision and maintenance of protective devices, equipment, and clothing 

for the safety and health of its employees shall be furnished wherever 

deemed necessary.

• In co-operation with the Union, CIL will establish a Skills Training 

Committee in accordance with the Workplace Safety and Health Act.

Clause 44: Skills Training

• Skills training will be provided for employees to update their skills and 

raise their level of productivity.

• In co-operation with the Union, CIL will establish a Skills Training 

Committee to plan and promote skills training programmes.

• CIL will take into account employees' training and courses

 completed when considering their performance assessment as

 part of their career advancement.






17

CIL • Sustainability Report FY2020



Community

CIL believes in giving back to the communities in which we live, work and grow with. To maximize our social impact, we mobilize 

resources to provide varied levels of support such as investing in education and employability to strengthen communities in the 

markets we operate in.

 

       Government’s Ally in Protecting the Nation’s Fight against COVID-19

“We recognise our unique capability to support the nation’s pandemic response. Being a home-grown 

company, our urgent priority is to keep our employees and community safe and resilient during this period, 

leveraging our strength in disinfecting chemicals. We are committed to band together as one in establishing 

the way forward to recovery.”

 

- LIM Soo Peng, Chairman and Managing Director, Chemical Industries (Far East) Limited

Our Business Continuity Plan (BCP) for diseases outbreak was activated immediately. Vulnerable 

employees such as older staff or those who had underlying health issues were identified and put under 

a ‘Stay Home’ order. To ensure that our processes could continue during this critical period, rotation 

schedules with heightened health and sanitation measures for frontline staff were put into effect.

We provided 18 of our Malaysian staff with temporary hotel accommodation when Malaysia issued a 

Movement Control Order (MCO) to curb border transmission. CIL has since strategized and moved 

towards a longer-term sustainable housing option for affected workers.

We have increased our production levels for disinfecting chemical supplies such as sodium hypochlorite 

and chlorine by 10% in our support to the government and public sector to ensure that wastes are 

adequately treated before being discharged into the effluent system. 

 

            Strengthening Vulnerable Communities 

Chemical Industries (Myanmar) Limited operations began in December 

2019 as part of the Myanmar-Japan Thilawa Development (“MJTD”) to bring 

economic development to the country. We have committed to employing 

more locals to ensure employment sustainability and raise the standard of 

living in the neighbouring townships of Thilawa and Kyauktan. At the present 

moment, 97% of employees in the company are local.  

We have also joined a pooled donation fund that supports the villagers in 

consultation and awareness programmes that educate them on how to 

maintain clean and safe water, and the actions that CIL will take in helping 

them do so. Other initiatives include the donation of 2,160 litres of disinfectant chemicals to WaiBarGi hospital that specialises 

in infection diseases in Yangon, and the provision of a multimedia projector system to support the Kyautan Fire Brigade in their 

public awareness training of fire prevention to inhabitants in rural villages. Financial and support programmes were also extended 

to bolster the livelihoods of impacted workers in these villages affected by COVID-19.






GRI Content Index


19

CIL • Sustainability Report FY2020

GRI Standards

Disclosure

Section Of Report

Page

Reference

&amp; Remarks

GRI 102: General Disclosure 2016

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE

102-1

Name of the organisation

About The Report

Pg 3

102-2

Activities, brands, products and services

Company Overview

Pg 5

102-3

Location of headquarters

3 Jalan Samulun Singapore 

629127

Pg 5

102-4

Location of operations

Company Overview

Pg 6

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Company Overview

Pg 5

102-6

Markets served

Company Overview

Pg 6

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Company Overview

Pg 5 

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

FY2020 Highlights

Pg 5

102-9

Supply Chain

Company Overview

Pg 5

102-10

Significant changes to organisation and its supply 

chain

N.A 

N.A 

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

Our Business Purpose

Pg 6

102-12

External Initiatives

102-13

Membership of associations

Environment 

     1.Environment and Resources Standards

        Committee (ERSC)

STRATEGY

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Our Board’s Statement

Pg 4

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of be-

haviour

Our Business Purpose

Pg 6

GOVERNANCE

102-18

Governance structure

Statement of Corporate Governance (CIL 

AR2020)

Pg 5 - 13

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Sustainability at CIL

Pg 7

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

People

Pg 14

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Sustainability at CIL

Pg 7

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Sustainability at CIL

Pg 7

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised 

Sustainability at CIL

Pg 8

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial state-

ments

Company Overview

Pg 5

102-46

Defining report content and topic Boundaries

Sustainability Pillars

Pg 8

102-47

List of material topics

Sustainability Pillars

Pg 8

102-48

Restatements of information

N.A 

N.A 

102-49

Changes in reporting

N.A 

N.A 

102-50

Reporting period

About The Report

Pg 3

102-51

Date of most recent report

About The Report

Pg 3

102-52

Reporting cycle

About The Report

Pg 3

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

About The Report

Pg 3

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards

About The Report

Pg 3

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index

Pg 16 

102-56

External assurance

About The Report

Pg 3


20

CIL • Sustainability Report FY2020

GRI Standards

Disclosure

Section Of Report

Page

Reference 

&amp; Remarks

GRI 103: Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Our Board’s Statement

Marketplace

Environment

People

Community

Pg 4

Pg 9

Pg 10

Pg 13

Pg 15

103-2

The management approach and its components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

GRI 201: Economic Performance 2016

201-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Marketplace

Pg 9

GRI 205: Anti-Corruption 2016

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and

actions taken

Marketplace

Pg 9

GRI 302: Energy 2016

302-1

Energy consumption within the organization

Environment

Pg 10

302-3

Energy intensity

Environment

Pg 10

GRI 303: Water 2018

303-1

Interactions with water as a shared resource

Environment

Pg 11

303-2

Management of water discharge related impacts

Environment

Pg 11

303-3

Water withdrawal

Environment

Pg 11

303-4

Water discharge by quality and destination

Environment

Pg 11

GRI 307:Environmental Compliance 2016

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations

Environment

Pg 12

GRI 403: Occupational Health And Safety 2018

403-1

Occupational health and

safety management system

People

Pg 13

403-2

Hazard identification, risk assessment, and

incident investigation

People

Pg 13

403-3

Occupational health services

People

Pg 14

403-4

Worker participations, consultation, and 

communication on occupational health and safety

People

Pg 13 and 14

403-5

Worker training on occupational health and safety

People

Pg14

403-6

Promotion of worker health

People

Pg 14

403-7

Prevention and mitigation of occupational health 

and safety impacts directly linked by

business relationships

People

Pg 13

403-9

Work-related injuries

People

Pg 13

GRI 407: Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining 2016

407-1

Operations and suppliers in which the right to 

freedom  of association and collective bargaining 

may be at risk

People

Pg 14

GRI 413: Local Communities 2016

413-1

Operations with local community engagement, 

impact assessments, and development programs

Community

Pg 15


No.3 Jalan samulun, Singapore 629127.

Tel: 6265 0411  Fax: 6265 6690

Email: CI.enquiries@cil.sg



