
 

 

 

 

Cover Page 

 

Sustainability Report FY2017 

 

CHINA HAIDA LTD. 

 

[Passion for excellence] 

 

 


 

 

 

 

Contents 

1 

About this Report ....................................................................................................................... 1 

2 

Board Statement ......................................................................................................................... 2 

3 

Overview of the Group .............................................................................................................. 3 

4 

Sustainability Approach ........................................................................................................... 6 

5 

Identifying Material ESG Factors ........................................................................................... 6 

6 

Stakeholder Engagement ......................................................................................................... 8 

7 

Business Performance and Economic Aspects .............................................................. 10 

8 

Environment Management ..................................................................................................... 12 

9 

Social Responsibilities ........................................................................................................... 13 

GRI Content Index ............................................................................................................................ 17 


 

 

1 

 

1 

About this Report 

 

China Haida Ltd. (“China Haida” or the “Company”, and together with its subsidiary, the “Group”) is 

pleased to present the first sustainability report covering the Group’s sustainability efforts in the 

financial year ended 31 December 2017 (“FY2017”). This report is set out on a “comply or explain” 

basis in accordance with Listing Rule 711B and Practice Note 7.6 Sustainability Reporting Guide of 

the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”). 

 

As a leading manufacturer of aluminium panels in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), the 

Group is aware that our operations may have an impact on the environment and society. Hence, the 

Group is striving to ensure its business operations are conducted in a sustainable and responsible 

manner.  

 

Reporting Period and Scope 

This sustainability report provides an overview of the Group’s sustainability performance as well as its 

strategies and practices, while highlighting the economic, environmental, and social impact of the 

Company’s activities and developments. Further information on corporate governance, which is part 

of our sustainability, can be found under the section of “Corporate Governance” on page 13 to 27 of 

the Group’s FY2017 Annual Report. 

 

To reaffirm our commitment towards sustainability, our sustainability report will be published no later 

than 31 May on an annual basis from the financial year ended 31 December 2018 (“FY2018”) 

onwards. This report covers the group for FY2017 from 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017. 

 

Reporting Process 

In each reporting cycle, the Group’s Sustainability Reporting Committee (the “SR Committee”) reviews 

the content of the report to determine its relevance to our business as well as to ensure that the 

current and emerging material issues of significance pertaining to sustainability and the interests of 

our stakeholders are addressed. The SR Committee includes the Executive Director, Chief Financial 

Officer, and the management personnel of all our business functions.  

 

GRI Guidelines 

We would like to inform our stakeholders that we are benchmarking our sustainability efforts in 

accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards. The GRI Sustainability Reporting 

Guidelines provide a globally recognised framework for companies to measure and communicate 

their environmental, economic, social and governance performance. We have prepared our report in 

accordance with the GRI Standards - Core option.  

 

Feedback 

We appreciate and value feedback from our stakeholders as it gives us the opportunity to continually 

improve our sustainability policies, processes and performance. Kindly address all feedback to the SR 

Committee at sr@haida.com.sg. Your feedback is of importance to us so that we can improve on our 

future reporting. 

 

 


 

 

2 

 

2 

Board Statement 

 

This year marks the publication of Haida’s inaugural sustainability report. At Haida, we recognise the 

importance of creating long-term value for our stakeholders and believe that it can be achieved 

through sustainable business practices and our commitment to be a responsible corporate citizen. 

 

The Board strives to align the Group’s policies and practices with internationally recognised standards 

in the Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) themes, thus allowing us to achieve a balance 

between financial results, social engagement and environmental initiatives whilst ensuring the 

strategic growth of the Group.  

 

The Group established an SR Committee under the guidance of the Board and conducted a formal 

materiality assessment to better manage non-financial risks such as environmental compliance, 

employment, employee health and safety and corporate governance. The SR Committee have 

identified four of the highest ranked material factors for reporting. The SR Committee reports directly 

to the Board, which has considered sustainability issues as part of its strategic formulation, 

determined the material Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) factors and overseen the 

management and monitoring of these factors. 

 

With this inaugural sustainability report, which will be published annually, we would therefore like to 

reinforce our support and management of these newly prioritised matters through active engagement 

with senior management who will lead the Group’s sustainability efforts. 

 

Moving forward, we urge our stakeholders to share our commitment to sustainability and work 

towards a common goal of improving the economic, environmental and social well-being of the 

communities we operate in. 

 

 

 

 


 

 

3 

 

3 

Overview of the Group 

 

Corporate Profile 

China Haida Ltd., a Singapore investment holding company was listed on the Mainboard of the SGX-

ST since 24 November 2004. Our wholly-owned subsidiary in China, Jiangyin Litai Decorative 

Materials Co., Ltd (“Litai” and collectively, the “Group”) is a leading manufacturer of aluminium panels 

in the PRC. Litai was established in 1997 by our founder and Chief Executive Officer, Mr Xu Youcai 

and is based in Jiangyin City, Jiangsu Province in the PRC. Litai is capable of manufacturing a wide 

range of aluminium panels for various applications in the building and construction industries.  

 

Litai produces a wide range of Aluminium Composite Panels (“ACP”) and Aluminium Single Panels 

(“ASP”) which are sold under the renowned “Haida” brand, locally and abroad. We have successfully 

developed ACP of different colour surfaces and various finishes, which are suitable for interior and 

exterior uses. ASP which are single solid sheets of metal, are also suitable for both interior and 

exterior applications in the construction of commercial, industrial and residential buildings as well as in 

infrastructure projects.  

 

Our strengths lie in our established and reputable track record for quality products and innovation that 

have won many awards and world-class certifications. We are constantly engaged in the design and 

development of new and innovative aluminium panels as well as improving our existing range of 

aluminium panels with a view to enhance our competitiveness and provide better products to our 

customers. 

 

Our aluminium panels are currently sold through an extensive and established network in more than 

25 major provinces and cities in China. In addition, we also have an extensive overseas export 

network in more than 20 countries including North and South America, Asia Pacific and Europe. 

 

Vision  

Haida strives to be considered as the leading manufacturer of aluminium panels. 

 

Mission 

Haida enhances the strength and trust in our brand name through safe and reliable products. 

 

Corporate Strength 

Over the years, to achieve our vision and mission, we have developed and will continue to enhance 

our strength. 

 

 

A good track record and reputation in the industry 

We have established a good track record and reputation in the industry by consistently delivering 

quality products and providing quality support services to our customers. We have been involved 

in many high-profile projects including, amongst others, the construction of the following. 

 

 

Beijing 

Diaoyutai 

State 

Guesthouse (北京钓鱼台国宾馆) 

 

Beijing International Airport  

(北京国际机场) 

 

Dubai Gulf Commercial Buildings 

（迪拜海湾商业大厦） 








 

 

4 

 

 

 

Four-season Garden Hotel of 

Nantong City  

(南通市四季花园酒店) 

New York Walls Project  

(美国纽约华尔街项目) 

 

Ukraine Projects  

(乌克兰项目) 

 

110 Command Centre of 

Jiangyin City  

(江阴市 110 控制中心) 

 

Anshan Jingzi Street Square  

(辽宁省鞍山市景子街广场) 

 

Army Security College, CPLA  

(陆军安全学院) 

 

Audit Office of Jilin Province  

(吉林省审计局) 

 

Changchun Railway Station  

(长春火车站) 

 

 

Jiaozhou Municipal Government 

Building of Shandong Province  

(山东省胶州市政府大楼) 

 

 

An extensive sales network and strong marketing team 

We have an extensive and established sales network in more than 25 major provinces and cities 

in the PRC. We also have an extensive overseas export network in various countries including 

United Arab Emirates, India, Japan, Vietnam, Sri Lanka, Israel, Turkey, Kazakhstan, Russia, 

USA, Brazil, and Peru. In view of our extensive sales network and strong marketing team, we are 

well positioned to sell our products to a wide domestic and international market. 

 

 

Investment in Research and Development (R&amp;D) to improve our products 

We are continuously seeking to improve the range and quality of our products. We have 

established working relationships with research institutes to research on and develop technology 

relating to Aluminium Composite Panels, Aluminium Single Panels and other related products. 

 

We have working relationships with research institutes such as the Xi'an Communication 

University (西安通讯大学), the Shanghai Fudan University (上海复旦大学) and other research 

institutes for the research on and development of these products. As a result of our efforts in 

research and development, we expect to be able to keep abreast of the changing needs and 

demands of our customers by providing them with the latest products. 

 




















 

 

5 

 

 

 

An experienced management team 

We have an experienced management team led by our Chief Executive Officer, Mr Xu Youcai, 

who has over 20 years of management experience in the manufacturing industry, and has been 

instrumental in our growth as a major supplier of Aluminium Composite Panels and Aluminium 

Single Panels. Other members of our management team include our Chairman, Ms Zhao Guiying 

who has more than 20 years of experience in the aluminium manufacturing industry. Our 

Directors are also supported and assisted by an experienced team of Executive Officers 

comprising Mr Zhang Qinyu (General Manager), Mr Wang Zaiquan (Sales &amp; Marketing Manager), 

Mr Gong Guohong (Chief Production Officer), and Mr Xu Gang (Chief Engineering Officer). 

 

Goals and Achievements 

The Group aims to continuously seek to widen the range and improve quality of our products and 

establish new working relationships with research institutes to research on and develop new 

technology to keep up with the changing needs and demands of our customers.  

 

Our subsidiary, Litai, has attained several certifications such as the following: 

 

 

 

 

 

ISO 9001 Quality Management System 

since September 2006 

 

ISO 14001 Environmental Management System 

since March 2007 

 

Litai is in the midst of preparing to get certified for ISO 18001 Occupational Health and Safety 

Management System in the first quarter of 20181. 

 

Membership of Associations  

Aspiring to widen our exposure to industry standards and collaborate within and beyond the industry 

to improve on current sustainable practices, Litai has taken active participation in China Building 

Decoration Materials Association - Aluminium-plastic Composite Branch (中国建筑装饰材料铝塑复合

分会) and Shanghai Decoration and Curtain Wall Association) (上海装饰装修幕墙协会). 

 

1 Litai has obtained the ISO 18001 certification on 6 February 2018. 






 

 

6 

 

4 

Sustainability Approach 

 

Our Approach 

The Group’s strategic approach has transformed across the years, from a classical economic-based 

strategy to a sustainability-oriented approach.  This approach encompasses balancing holistic goals 

of economic, environmental and social perspectives with our commitment to actively engage 

stakeholders throughout the value-delivery process; our sustainability approach extends beyond 

meeting stakeholder requirements to enhancing stakeholder participation in our chain of sustainable 

value creation.  

 

Recognising key challenges and risks involved in sustainable development under the backdrop of our 

competitive industry, we have established a SR Committee to balance our sustainable goals with our 

dedication to delivering quality products and services to our stakeholders.  

 

Committee Structure  

The SR Committee is headed by the Executive Director, Mr Guo Yun, and formed by the senior 

management from critical business functions, such as finance, operations, human resources and 

procurement under its subsidiary.  The focus of the SR Committee lies in the areas of formulating, 

implementing and reviewing the Group’s sustainable policies and practices, sustainability 

development programs and initiatives.  Periodical reviews are made to ensure the effective 

implementation and engagement of the Group as a whole and in line with the Group’s strategic 

developments. 

 

5 

Identifying Material ESG Factors 

 

A robust process was undertaken to identify and prioritise the Group’s material Environment, Social 

and Governance (“ESG”) issues. The Group engaged a team of external sustainability consultants to 

assist the Group’s SR Committee in identifying and prioritizing issues that are most material and 

relevant to the Group and its stakeholders. These issues are then linked to the overall strategy 

management and corporate social responsibility.  The ESG Materiality Assessment was performed 

with the facilitation of the team of external consultants, where each ESG factor in the GRI ESG 

universe was thereafter ranked by the SR Committee members according to the influence on 

stakeholders’ decisions and significance of environmental and social impacts.  Subsequently, a 

reporting plan on the identified GRI factors has been established based on the aggregated 

assessment results.   

 

The SR Committee has identified the following material ESG factors for FY 2017:  

 

 

GRI 201 – Economic Performance 

 

GRI 307 – Environmental Compliance 

 

GRI 401 – Employment 


 

 

7 

 

Material ESG Factor Summary 

 

Focus 

Impact to Stakeholders 

FY2017 Performance 

Commitments &amp; Targets 

Economic 

Performance 

Financial performance is one of the key 

factors which affects our investors’ and 

shareholders’ confidence level. 

• 

Successfully developed the grade A 

fireproof aluminum composite panels 

• 

Achieved lower turnover during the year 

due to the lower demand of aluminum 

panels in both domestic and overseas 

markets 

• 

Deliver the grade A fireproof aluminum 

composite panels to the markets in 2018 

• 

Keep 

strengthening 

our 

financial 

performances 

• 

Strive to reduce current administration 

and operating expenses 

 

Environmental 

Compliance 

Non-compliance with the People Republic 

of 

China 

(the 

“PRC”)’s 

and 

local 

government’s environmental rules and 

regulations will result in fines and 

disciplinary actions. 

• 

Full compliance with the PRC’s and local 

government’s environmental rules and 

regulations 

• 

Maintain full compliance with PRC’s and 

local government’s environmental rules 

and regulations 

Employment 

Fair 

and 

merit-based 

employment 

practices are important to our employees, 

investors, regulators, and community as 

they affect our ability to attract, retain and 

develop local talents under the direct hire 

of the Group’s offices and operations. 

• 

Same 

salary 

and 

benefit 

structure 

regardless of gender and domicile 

• 

Sustainable attrition rate 

• 

No change in key management personnel 

• 

Training courses and programs relevant 

to individual’s job scope are sponsored 

by the Group 

• 

Internal transfer opportunities for staff to 

unleash their potentials in posts that may 

be more suitable for them 

• 

Review employee benefits and improve 

on talent retention 

• 

Internal and external training courses 

relevant to the job scopes of staff 

• 

Introduce and promote work life balance. 

 


 

 

8 

 

6 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

A great collaboration with stakeholders supports us in addressing sustainability challenges.  We 

continue to promote ongoing communication and active engagement with our stakeholders.  We 

incorporate their feedback into our planning and actions where appropriate and relevant to our 

businesses. Their feedback has helped us strengthening the relevance of our reporting and approach 

to managing Haida’s material issues. 

 

In identifying the key groups of stakeholders, we assessed the level of significance of the 

stakeholders’ interests in sustainability issues, the potential impact and influence of these 

stakeholders on the Group’s businesses and operations.  

 

The following five key stakeholder groups have been identified:  

 

i. 

Our Employees 

 

ii. 

Our Customers 

 

iii. 

Our Shareholders and Investors 

 

iv. 

Our Business Partners 

 

v. 

Our Community 

 

The potential impact and significance of these stakeholders on the Group’s businesses and 

operations, key issues of each stakeholder and our ways of engaging each of them are summarised 

below:


 

 

9 

 

Stakeholder Engagement Summary 

 

Stakeholder 

Impact and Significance 

Key Issues 

Engagement Platforms 

Employees 

Our employees are part of our human capital 

whose 

competencies 

and 

well-being 

are 

fundamental 

to 

the 

Group’s 

operational 

effectiveness. 

• 

Talent retention and attraction 

• 

Employee safety and well-being 

• 

Training and development opportunities  

• 

Efforts to promote work-life balance 

• 

Remuneration and benefits 

• 

Employee welfare and well-being 

• 

Employee volunteerism 

• 

Regular staff dialogue sessions 

• 

Training programs and courses 

• 

Safety briefings and courses 

• 

Festival celebrations and gifts as token of 

appreciation 

 

Customers 

and End 

Customers 

Maximising 

our 

customers’ 

satisfaction, 

understanding 

our 

customers’ 

needs 

and 

expectations 

and 

building 

long 

lasting 

relationships with our customers are of great 

importance to us in improving our economic 

performance.  

• 

Customer satisfaction and experience 

• 

Quality products and services 

• 

Environmental conservation 

• 

Communication 

• 

Full compliance with the PRC’s and local 

government’s environmental rules and 

regulations 

• 

Regular site visits to customers’ business 

premises 

• 

Face-to-face meetings 

• 

Customer satisfaction survey 

Shareholders 

and Investors 

Shareholders and Investors play an important 

role in the financing, operations, governance and 

growth aspects of a business.  

• 

Financial stability 

• 

Long-term growth plans 

• 

Market diversification 

• 

Risk management 

• 

Corporate governance 

• 

Sustainability efforts 

• 

Haida’ company website 

• 

Half-yearly 

financial 

results 

announcements 

• 

Annual reports 

• 

Annual General Meeting 

• 

Extraordinary General Meeting, where 

necessary 

Business 

Partners 

Close 

partnership 

with 

suppliers 

and 

subcontractors in our value chain helps us to 

ensure that all our operations are carried out in 

line 

with 

industry 

leading 

practices 

and 

sustainability efforts. 

• 

Quality assurance 

• 

Certifications  

• 

Supply chain management 

• 

Occupational health and safety practices 

• 

Supplier's Code of Conduct 

• 

Regular supplier visits / meetings 

• 

Annual performance evaluation 

• 

Safety briefings and courses 

 

Community 

Being a responsible corporate citizen to the 

society, environment and the people around us is 

important as it can attract positive publicity, help 

to attract and retain good employees, and 

improve relationship with customers and their 

communities. 

• 

Doing our part as a responsible corporate 

citizen 

• 

Volunteering and charitable events 


 

 

10 

 

7 

Business Performance and Economic Aspects 

 

Financial Overview 

Global uncertainty and economic slowdown has continued to affect the demand of our aluminium 

panels in both the domestic and the overseas markets. For FY2017, the Group achieved total 

revenue of RMB242.5 million, a decrease of approximately RMB44.1 million or 15.4% as compared to 

FY2016 revenue of RMB286.6 million. The decrease was attributed mainly to lower demand of both 

domestic and export sales of aluminium panels. With lower revenue, the Group registered a net loss 

after taxation of approximately RMB26.9 million as compared to a net profit after taxation of RMB5.0 

million in FY2016. The net loss was attributed to lower gross profit, provision for doubtful debts of 

RMB6.7 million and an impairment of leasehold building (hostel) of RMB7.1 million. 

 

Commitment to Sustainable Operations 

Product innovation and development has been the key to our success and we remained committed to 

investing time and resources to research and develop new products. We have added new panels of 

varied types, colours, features to enhance our existing range to cater to customers’ demands and 

specifications. In addition, we have developed and launched the fireproof aluminium panels in 2018. 

We will continuously strive to ensure that the high-quality standards of our ‘Haida’ aluminium panels 

are maintained.  

 

We are committed to improve and enhance our production processes and more efficient utilisation of 

resources. The Group is always committed to nurturing and developing its employees through skills 

training as it recognises that people are the key to the success of a sustainable operation.  

 

Business Outlook 

Economic slowdown and uncertainty within the PRC and the global markets had continued in 

FY2017. For the global markets, we were constantly challenged with keen competition, falling selling 

prices which affected the demand of panels from the overseas customers. Within the PRC, the group 

was challenged by the shrinking market in both the public and private sectors in the building and 

construction sectors and in addition to the prevailing tight governmental control on big infrastructure 

building projects. 

 

Our strategy has always been to focus on improving the quality of our panels, innovate and introduce 

new designs to meet with the changing demands of our customers. A flexible approach towards the 

pricing of our aluminium panels has helped to meet and secure customers’ demand. We will continue 

to exercise vigilant control of operating expenses and prudent cash management. We will continue to 

exercise flexibility towards customers’ requests and be nimble in our operations and be prudent and 

selective in selling to potential customers with good credit reputation. Meanwhile, we will remain 

vigilant on internal cost control, cash collection, cash management and will continue to safeguard the 

assets of the Group. 

 

Going forward, the Group will continue to be responsible to our shareholder and be operationally 

ready to meet the many challenges and opportunities in the future. 

 

 


 

 

11 

 

Direct Economic Value Distributed 

It is of utmost importance to create wealth for our stakeholders, to the best of our abilities. Hence, we 

strive to drive operational and financial improvements constantly.  

 

The following table provides a summary of economic value distributed in FY2017 based on GRI’s 

disclosure categories: 

 

FY2017 

RMB’000 

Operating costs 

229,575 

Employees compensation and benefits 

34,396 

Payment to government 

227 

Total Economic Value Distributed 

264,198 

 

Defined Benefit Plan, Obligations and Other Retirement Plans 

The Group makes monthly contributions to the employees’ compulsory saving / retirement plans, as 

mandated by the local government in different jurisdictions. The fund is a social security system that 

tackles our employees’ financial concerns regarding healthcare, home ownership, family protection 

and asset enhancement. We view this scheme as a good opportunity to reward our employees and 

relieve them from the burden of personal finances. Contribution rates for employers vary depending 

on the country jurisdiction. As our companies are set up in Singapore and the PRC, we follow different 

schemes and their corresponding employer’s contribution rates: 

• 

Singapore – Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) 

• 

The PR – Five social insurance and one housing fund (“五险一金”) 

 

Financial Assistance Received from Government 

The Group has obtained a total of RMB450,000 of government subsidies for Export Credit Insurance 

(出口信用保险补贴) and Export Brand Award (出口品牌奖补贴) in FY2017.  

 

 


 

 

12 

 

8 

Environment Management 

 

The Group recognises that its business activities form an integral part of the environment and thus is 

committed to conserving and protecting the environment in which we operate.  We strive to be a good 

corporate citizen by continually improving our environmental performance.   

 

Our environment efforts are focused on maximising materials utilisation, reducing energy 

consumption, minimising wastes, which at the same time also has positive impact on our cost 

management. Other than our operational efforts to minimise environmental impacts, we actively 

encourage our employees through casual dialogues and publications in our notice board to protect 

the environment by saving energy and reduce wastes through the bit petty thing from daily life. 

 

Usage of Materials 

The Group purchases a wide range of raw materials from its suppliers, with aluminium alloy being the 

main raw material for manufacturing ACP and ASP. Our suppliers are assessed and selected by the 

procurement team based on the quality of materials supplied, length of business relationship with the 

Group as well as their pricing, qualification, reliability and punctuality of delivery. The Group did not 

encounter any difficulties in sourcing for raw materials to meet its production requirements.  

 

As is known to all, precious metals may be exposed to price fluctuations which may in turn have a 

positive or negative impact on the Group’s production costs. Hence, the Group has made some 

arrangements by performing cash advances to some of its suppliers to meet its medium-term needs 

when it expects the prices of its materials to increase. Stringent credit assessment is performed by 

the management before making such pre-payments to the suppliers.  

 

Furthermore, we choose environment-friendly paints for spraying all our products. We always 

emphasize on the design optimisation to maximize the material utilisation and reduce wastage. All the 

production scraps are sold to qualified vendors for disposal. 

 

Environmental Compliance  

Litai, where our production facilities locate, has been certified ISO 14001 Environmental Management 

System since March 2007. We continuously monitor and comply with the environmental requirement 

set forth by the local government as it is getting tighten over the past decade as a result of Chinese 

government’s initiatives to fight against pollutions. 

 

In May 2017, we were proud to have National People’s Congress (“NPC”) deputy from Jiangyin City (

江阴市人大代表), with the accompany of Jiangyin City’s Mayor, pay a visit to Litai to study the 

environmental preservation measures and facilities we have as we were considered as a leading 

company in the manufacturing industry in terms of environmental protection. 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

13 

 

9 

Social Responsibilities 

 

Our People, Our Strength 

The Group recognises that our strength lies in our people. We firmly believe in the importance of 

talent development to the sustainable growth of the Group. Every year, we continue to dedicate time 

and resources to develop our people, to ensure that our talent will continue to be engaged, 

encouraged and empowered to soar together towards our common goal.  

 

As part of our commitment to developing talent, we strive to create an inclusive workplace where each 

individual is valued and recognised for his or her contribution. We recognise the importance of 

diversity in strengthening our core values of teamwork, communication and creativity, and in forming a 

competent and united workforce. We provide equal opportunities to all employees regardless of 

gender and domicile without discrimination.  

 

As of 31 December 2017, we have a total of 361 fulltime employees. In general, the Group was able 

to maintain a strong, stable and healthy workforce with a relatively low turnover rate of 8% compared 

to peers in the manufacturing industry. 

 

We value the importance of diversity and embrace a mixture of genders, age groups and regions. We 

have a gender ratio of 84% males to 16% females. On one hand, due to the industry characteristics 

and work nature, our frontline is male dominated. On the other hand, our supporting functions at back 

offices, such as finance and human resource, are well gender-balanced. 

 

Our main workforce aged between 30 and 50 years old while the management are experienced staff 

aged above 50 years old. Besides hiring from our local region, we also reach out extensively to talent 

and manpower beyond our local region (Jiangyin City, Jiangsu Province); 33% of our employees 

come from other regions / provinces of the PRC. 

 

 

 

 

[PERC

ENTA

GE] 

[PER

CENT

AGE] 

Workforce by Gender 

Female

Male

18% 

70% 

12% 

Workforce by Age Group 

30 years old and below

between 30 and 50 years old

above 50 years old

67% 

33% 

Work Force by Region 

Local

Other Regions


 

 

14 

 

New Hires and Resignations 

We have 31 staff who left us on their own accords in FY2017 while we have 29 new hires, mainly 

replacement of the same posts. Similar gender ratios are observed between new hires and resignees, 

with male accounting for more than 90% of the population as the resignees were mostly labour-

intensive frontline workers. Our key management team remained stable and unchanged. 

 

Two-thirds of resignees came from the age group between 30 and 50 years old and more than half of 

the resignees were from other regions in the PRC. During the exit interviews we conducted with every 

each resignee to better understand their thoughts and reasons for leaving, we learned that the main 

cause is that after having worked away from hometown for many years and gained certain level of 

financial stability, staff from other regions in the PRC tend to return to their hometown to settle down 

with their family. We understand and respect their decisions and meanwhile, we also want to reflect 

what we can do to better integrate our staff from other regions in the PRC into Jiangyin City and even 

make it possible and viable for them to settle down in Jiangyin.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Aiming to maintain a strong and stable workforce and a low attrition rate, we firmly commit to 

providing our employees with more development opportunities to ensure a sustainable operations 

model. We also aim to continuously refine our hiring strategy and improve on the workplace culture, 

with the aim of engaging, retaining and grooming our talent. 

 

 

7% 

93% 

New Hire by Gender 

Female

Male

55% 

45% 

New Hire by Age Group 

30 years old and below

between 30 and 50 years old

28% 

72% 

New Hire by Region 

Local

Other Regions

3% 

97% 

Resignee by Gender 

Female

Male

32% 

68% 

Resignee by Age Group 

30 years old and below

between 30 and 50 years old

45% 

55% 

Resignee by Region 

Local

Other Regions


 

 

15 

 

Benefits and Welfare 

With our people being our assets, we believe in valuing and recognising our people’s achievements 

through rewards and competitive remunerations. Each of our employees is entitled to a set of 

attractive benefits including but not limited to:  

 

Item 

Benefits 

Descriptions 

1 

Five social insurance 

and one housing fund 

(“五险一金”) 

Employees are entitled to five social insurances and one housing 

fund contributed by the Group according to the labour law in PRC 

as follows: 

(a) Endowment insurance; 

(b) Occupational insurance; 

(c) Medical insurance; 

(d) Unemployment insurance; 

(e) Maternity insurance; and 

(f) Housing Provident Funds. 

2 

Medical benefits and 

health screenings 

Employees 

are 

reimbursed 

for 

medical 

consultations. 

We 

also 

arrange annual health screenings for 

our employees to ensure that our 

employees are in the best of health.  

3 

Disability and Life 

Insurance   

All our employees are covered under insurance for work-related 

injuries. This accords them with some financial protection in the 

event of incidents arising under working circumstances.  

Our life insurance also provides financial support and risk 

coverage to intermediate families in the event the employee 

suffers from critical illness or permanent disability.   

4 

Year-end performance 

bonus  

Employees are entitled to year-end performance bonuses 

depending on the performance of the Group and individual upon 

appraisal.   

5 

Free staff meal  

Employees on duty are entitled to free meals provided by the 

Company. 

6 

Festival celebrations 

and gifts  

We organise company events 

annually 

to 

celebrate 

and 

recognise 

the 

efforts 

of 

our 

employees. Embracing diversity 

and to honour our rich heritage 

and 

culture, 

we 

celebrate 

important festivals as a company 

and often provide festive gifts to 

our 

employees. 

Festivals 

we 

celebrate 

include: 

International 

Women’s Day, Spring Festival, 

and also Mid-autumn Festival.  

 

The Group is periodically reviewing and enhancing our resource policies and practices to provide a 

fair and safe workplace for our employees. In line with our Group’s core values of teamwork, we strive 

to promote a safe and conducive workplace for our people to perform efficiently and effectively.  

 

 








 

 

16 

 

Parental Leave  

With the goal of revitalising population growth and with the formal phasing out of the four-decade old 

one-child policy in recent years, the Chinese government’s family planning policy has also shifted to 

one that is more pro-family. In support of the government’s pro-family legislations, the Group adopts 

welfare practices and strives to build a family-friendly workplace culture. As part of the enhancements 

of the family planning policy, female and male staff are entitled to 90 and 15 days of maternity and 

paternity leave respectively. The Group will continually work towards building a pro-parent workplace 

through enhancing our company welfare practices and culture.  

 

Community Activities 

Haida recognizes the importance of actively 

supporting our communities and contribute 

back to the society. For many years, we have 

been supporting schools through scholarships 

and cash donations. We firmly believe in 

sponsoring initiatives that promotes education, 

sports, environment and conservation. Haida 

has been giving out scholarships to students of 

Huashi Senior High School (中国江苏省江阴市

华士高级中学) to fulfil their education’s dreams. 

 

 

Labour Union’s Work 

The purpose of the labour union is to provide financial reliefs to our employees in the Group, organise 

activities such as commendation ceremony and medical check-up. Every year, while the majority 

funding comes from the Group, our employees contribute a very small portion of their salary on a 

voluntary basis. This year, the Group offered condolences to employees, gave out concessionary 

cash relief and visited families who have bedridden family members.  

 

 

 

 

 








 

 

17 

 

GRI Content Index 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures  

102-1 * 

Name of the organization 

Annual Report FY2017 (Page 39) 

102-2 * 

Activities, brands, 

products, and services 

Annual Report FY2017 (Page 39 

and 60) 

102-3 * 

Location of headquarters 

Annual Report FY2017 (Page 39) 

102-4 * 

Location of operations 

Annual Report FY2017 (Page 39) 

102-5 * 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report FY2017 (Page 60) 

102-6 * 

Markets served 

An extensive sales network and 

strong marketing team (Page 4) 

102-7 * 

Scale of the organization 

Our People, Our Strength (Page 13) 

102-8 * 

Information on employees 

and other workers 

Our People, Our Strength (Page 13) 

102-9 * 

Supply chain 

Usage of Materials (Page 12) 

102-10 * 

Significant changes to the 

organization and its supply 

chain 

None 

102-11 * 

Precautionary Principle or 

approach 

Sustainability Approach (Page 6) 

102-12 * 

External initiatives 

Community Activities (Page 16) 

102-13 * 

Membership of 

associations 

Membership of Associations (Page 

5) 

GRI 102: 

Strategy 

102-14 * 

Statement from senior 

decision-maker 

Board Statement (Page 2) 

GRI 102: Ethics 

and Integrity 

102-16 * 

Values, principles, 

standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Vision, Mission and Corporate 

Strength (Page 3 to 5) 

GRI 102: 

Governance 

102-18 * 

Governance structure 

Committee Structure (Page 6) 

GRI 102: 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-40 * 

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholder Engagement (Page 8 to 

9) 

102-41 * 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

None 

102-42 * 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

Stakeholder Engagement (Page 8 to 

9) 


 

 

18 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

102-43 * 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

Stakeholder Engagement (Page 8 to 

9) 

102-44 * 

Key topics and concerns 

raised 

Stakeholder Engagement (Page 8 to 

9) 

GRI 102: 

Reporting 

Practice 

102-45 * 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

China Haida Ltd. 

Jiangyin Litai Decorative Materials 

Co., Ltd. 

102-46 * 

Defining report content 

and topic Boundaries 

Identifying Material ESG Factors 

(Page 6 to 7) 

102-47 * 

List of material topics 

Identifying Material ESG Factors 

(Page 6 to 7) 

102-48 * 

Restatements of 

information 

Not applicable as this is the first 

year of SR reporting 

102-49 * 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable as this is the first 

year of SR reporting 

102-50 * 

Reporting period 

Reporting Period and Scope (Page 

1) 

102-51 * 

Date of most recent report 

Not applicable as this is the first 

year of SR reporting 

102-52 * 

Reporting cycle 

Reporting Period and Scope (Page 

1) 

102-53 * 

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report 

Feedback (Page 1) 

102-54 * 

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

Core options (33 items) 

102-55 * 

GRI content index 

GRI Content Index (Page 17 to 19) 

102-56 * 

External Assurance 

None 


 

 

19 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 201: 

Economic 

Performance 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

Business Performance and 

Economic Aspects (Page 10) 

201-1 

Direct economic value 

generated and 

distributed 

Direct Economic Value 

Distributed (Page 11) 

201-2 

Financial implications 

and other risks and 

opportunities due to 

climate change 

None 

201-3 

Defined benefit plan 

obligations and other 

retirement plans 

Defined Benefit Plan Obligations 

and Other Retirement Plans 

(Page 11) 

201-4 

Financial assistance 

received from 

government 

Financial Assistance Received 

from Government (Page 11) 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

Environment Management (Page 

12) 

307-1 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

Zero non-compliance incident 

GRI 401: 

Employment 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

Our People, Our Strength (Page 

13) 

401-1 

New employee hires 

and employee turnover  

New Hires and Resignations 

(Page 14) 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full-

time employees that are 

not provided to 

temporary or part-time 

employees 

Benefits and Welfare (Page 15) 

401-3 

Parental leave 

Parental Leave (Page 16) 

 

