
1 

 

 

 



CHINA REAL ESTATE GRP LTD. 



SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 






CONTENT 

2 

 

 

1. Board Statement 

 

3 

2. About This Report 

4 

3. CREG’s Business 

4. Membership of Association 

6 

11 

5. CREG’s Sustainability Approach 

 

6. 

2020 Sustainability Highlights 

12 

15 

7. Material Topics 

18 

8. GRI Content Index  

26 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This document has been reviewed by the Company's sponsor, Stamford Corporate 

Services Pte. Ltd. (the “Sponsor”). It has not been examined or approved by the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”) and the SGX-ST assumes no 

responsibility for the contents of this document, including the correctness of any of the 

statements or opinions made or reports contained in this document 

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr Ng Joo Khin, Telephone number: 6389 3000. 

Email: jookhin.ng@morganlewis.com 

 

 




BOARD STATEMENT 

3 

 

2020 marks the third year of our sustainability reporting journey. China Real Estate Grp Ltd. 

(“CREG”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group” or “we” or “our”) has been committed to 

operating our business in an economically, socially and environmentally responsible manner.  

 

The financial year ended 30 June 2020 has been filled with excitement as the Group’s Cheery 

Hotel Huzhou located in Huzhou, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), became fully 

operational in October 2019. However, this financial year has also been fraught with 

volatilities and uncertainties in the second half of the financial year, as the outbreak of the 

COVID-19 pandemic has impacted the world economically. Despite the challenges presented 

by the COVID-19 outbreak, we continue to maintain oversight over our sustainability 

strategies and initiatives along with sustainability risks and opportunities management.  

 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) recognises the importance of aligning ourselves with 

global and national sustainability standards which ensure continuous growth for our business. 

We incorporate Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) factors into our strategic 

formulation as these factors provide us with a direction to set performance targets and action 

plans with a goal of creating sustainable value for all stakeholders. The real estate sector has 

always been our focus for business growth and we intend to realise our vision to establish our 

Group as a significant and distinctive property developer in China’s third and fourth-tier cities 

which the Group believes will be the key driver of China’s consumer sector.  

 

As we believe that this report serves as a platform to address stakeholders’ concerns in 

relation to the sustainability practices incorporated into CREG’s major business operations, 

we recognise the importance of articulating these practices and evaluating them from time 

to time. Meanwhile, we are determined to present to the stakeholders a more comprehensive 

view of our sustainability efforts in our business operations and the impact in relation to our 

business operations. 

 

We target to maintain our focus on transforming about 66 hectares of land located in Digang 

Town in Nanxun District into a leisure-cum-lifestyle hub with hotels, waterside villas, island 

residences, townhouses and ultra-modern commercial centres, which is known as the Huzhou 

Project.  

 

The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has affected many businesses worldwide, including us, 

resulting from the unprecedented global travel restrictions and border closures. As a result, 

our main source of revenue from Cheery Hotel Huzhou has been significantly affected. 

However, our commitment to sustainability remains strong even during this period of 

uncertainty as we believe that sustainability is about the ability to position and emerge 

stronger after this crisis. 

 

We will go through this crisis with the support of our valued stakeholders – our employees, 

customers, shareholders and communities. We would like to extend our gratitude and sincere 

appreciation to our stakeholders who have supported us in our sustainability journey. 

 

Sincerely, 

Board of Directors of China Real Estate Grp Ltd.




ABOUT THIS REPORT 

4 

 

 

 

Our report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) 

Standards Sustainability Reporting Guidelines 2016 - Core Option and its reporting principles 

as it provides a substantial framework which is a globally-recognised standard for 

sustainability reporting. This report also takes reference from Rules 711A and 711B of the 

Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (“SGX-ST”) for sustainability reporting. Unless otherwise stated, this report focuses 

on our performance from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020 (“FY2020”), which provides a holistic 

overview of CREG’s ESG factors for sustainable and responsible business development.  

 

Key Reporting Principles 

 

We have enhanced our reporting approach by incorporating the following principles to 

construct a comprehensive report: 

 

 Materiality: focusing on issues that impact business growth and are of utmost 

importance to stakeholders; 

 Stakeholder Inclusiveness: responding to stakeholder expectations and interests; 

 Sustainability Context: presenting performance in the wider context of sustainability; 

and  

 Completeness: including all information that is of significant economic, environmental 

and social impact to enable stakeholders to assess CREG's performance. 

 






ABOUT THIS REPORT 

5 

 

Through this report, we hope to share our sustainability commitment with our stakeholders. 

Feedback from our stakeholders is vital for us to continually improve our reporting and 

sustainability practices. We welcome your views, comments or feedback, which may be 

directed to contact@chinarealestategroup.com. 

 

In line with our commitment to environmental sustainability, CREG continues to print only 

limited copies of this sustainability report as part of our environmental conservation effort. 

The electronic edition of the report is available at:  

www.chinarealestategroup.com 

 

This report will focus on three main areas. Firstly, an evaluation of CREG’s performance during 

FY2020 in terms of the economic, environmental, social and governance aspects of our 

business. Secondly, a discussion on the challenges and material issues which will affect the 

stakeholders in their decision making. Thirdly, an update to our stakeholders on how we plan 

to manage such challenges and issues, as well as our management strategy.  

 

CREG has not sought external independent assurance to verify the data and information 

provided within this report. 

 

 




CREG’S BUSINESS 

6 

 

About CREG 

 

CREG’s history dates back to 2006 and our vision is to become a regional real estate lifestyle 

property developer in China, meeting the lifestyle and cultural tourism expectations of 

China’s growing urbanised and middle class population as a recent survey reveals that cultural 

tourism is now regarded as a favourite activity among the Chinese and is expected to be a 

new engine for China’s tourism development.  

 

CREG is a public company limited by shares and has been listed on the Catalist Board of SGX-

ST since 31 August 2007. We are mainly engaged in the business of investment holding and 

property development, with our principal place of operation located at 1 Scotts Road, #20-07 

Shaw Centre, Singapore 228208. As CREG is now on firmer ground, we have increased our 

staff strength to more than 90 employees to facilitate our goal of becoming a regional real 

estate lifestyle developer in the PRC.  

 

In FY2020, the construction of the 113-room luxury boutique Cheery Hotel Huzhou was 

completed, and it opened its doors to the public in October 2019. 

 

 

 

In compliance with the safety measures imposed by the local government in view of the 

COVID-19 pandemic, Cheery Hotel Huzhou temporarily ceased its operations on 7 February 

2020 but has resumed its operations with effect from 1 March 2020 with several safety 

measures in place.  

 

We are constantly reviewing the development implementation and business plan for the 

residential and commercial development of the Huzhou Project and are planning to 

commence Phase 1 construction works once these plans are finalised and approved by the 

relevant authorities. Meanwhile, we are focusing on building up the brand and clientele of 

the Cheery Hotel Huzhou.  




















CREG’S BUSINESS 

7 

 

 

 

 

Our sales and marketing team are constantly assessing the competitors’ promotional and 

marketing strategies in order to enhance the hotel’s competitiveness in the market and are 

continuously promoting the hotel products and packages via online channels such as the 

hotel’s official Wechat page and hotel booking platforms. 

 

We remain confident for the Huzhou Project over the medium to long term despite the 

economic headwinds as China is the world’s second largest economy. CREG strives to review 

and implement initiatives that are in accordance with the tenets of sustainability within our 

business to ensure long-term growth.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






CREG’S BUSINESS 

8 

 

Organisational Profile 

 

The latest Group structure as at 30 June 2020 is reflected in the table below:  

 

China Real Estate Grp 

Ltd.

Asia-Pacific Strategic 

Investments Holding 

Limited

Global Alliance 

Property Pte. Ltd.

Huzhou Dixi Gengdu 

Ecological Agriculture 

Development Co., Ltd

Huzhou Bihai Silver 

Beach Resort 

Management Co., Ltd

Zhongfang Lianhe 

Grand Canal Cultural 

Tourism Group Co., Ltd

Zhejiang Zhongfang 

Yashe Hotel 

Management Co., Ltd

Zhejiang Zhongfang 

Ludizhou Properties 

Management Co., Ltd

Zhejiang Zhongfang 

Ludizhou Real Estate 

Agency Co., Ltd

Zhejiang Zhongfang 

Ludizhou Real Estate 

Development Co., Ltd

Huzhou Ludi Wetland 

Tourism Development 

Co., Ltd

Asia-Pacific Real Estate 

(Hangzhou) 

Information Advisory 

Co., Ltd.




CREG’S BUSINESS 

9 

 

Our Supply Chain 

 

The construction of the hotel was completed in August 2019. The contract with major 

suppliers will cease once the warranty period ends in December 2021. However, we foresee 

significant reliance on suppliers and sub-contractors upon the commencement of 

construction works for the Huzhou Project.  

 

CREG believes that sustainable supply chain management can be a robust driver of value and 

success for our business. We recognise the importance of effective and responsible 

engagement with our suppliers for maintaining our competitive advantage and ensuring the 

quality of services we provide to our guests and the enhancement of our construction work 

for the Huzhou Project.  

 

The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted the global supply chain, and we recognise the role that 

we must play to enable the continuous flow of essential supplies for hotel operation, including 

food and beverages and hotel amenities without compromising the quality of goods and 

services procured. We will be working closely with suppliers to monitor the evolving situation. 

 

FOCUS AREAS FOR SUSTAINABILITY PROCUREMENT 

 

 

We uphold strict requirements for quality and constantly maintain good partnerships with 

our suppliers and sub-contractors while at the same time focusing on developing a 

sustainable supply chain for the Group.  

 

We are committed to identifying sustainable sources for our key material categories for both 

hotel and future construction through thorough screening of the consultants and suppliers 

and stringent selection of vendors. The criteria for vendor selection includes the quality of 

workmanship as well as health, safety and environmental compliance management, in order 

to mitigate and prevent any negative impact to our business and the environment.  

 

In addition, we will carefully evaluate the performance of the contractors, consultants and 

suppliers on a periodic basis to ensure that the products and services provided by them are 

consistent in quality and are aligned with the requirements of our development projects and 

hotel business.  

 

Sustainable 

Sources



Maintain Exclusive 

Vendors List and 

ongoing sourcing 

of new vendors

Environmental 

Impact



Minimise 

environmental 

impact of "used" 

products sourced

Supply Chain 

Assurance



Assessment for 

vendors in terms of 

ESG factors




CREG’S BUSINESS 

10 

 

Besides material and vendor selection, we also limit our environment footprint through 

sourcing and procuring construction materials locally as much as possible to reduce 

greenhouse gas emission from transportation. We believe in contributing towards the local 

economy by sourcing locally and engaging local contractors and suppliers. 

 

All contractors and suppliers are strictly required to comply with local government and other 

legal requirements. We also ensure that our sub-contractors comply with health and safety 

regulations such as deploying personal protective equipment to workers during construction 

work, reporting of accidents and proper disposal of debris from construction. 

 

 

 






MEMBERSHIP OF ASSOCIATION 

11 

 

Our subsidiary, Zhejiang Zhongfang Yashe Hotel Management Co., Ltd, is a member of 

the Huzhou Provincial Tourism Association (the “Association”). The goal of the 

Association is to promote and advocate for sustainable, rapid and healthy civilised 

tourism, and to make positive contributions to accelerating the construction of a 

strong tourism city. 

 

Being a member of the Association helps the Group to foster closer economic links and 

business understanding between members within the tourism industry, and to share 

statistics and information relating to the industry which are beneficial to the Huzhou 

Project in the future.  




CREG’S SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

12 

 

Sustainability Governance and Principles  

 

Good corporate governance is integral to achieving sustainable, long-term value creation 

through our business, particularly in relation to the sustainability fundamentals relating to the 

economic, environmental, social and governance areas. The Board of Directors continues to 

oversee and monitor CREG’s corporate governance standards and policies. A firm foundation 

for building financial integrity, organisational credibility and investor confidence is formed by 

a hybrid of an effective board and robust corporate governance practices.  

 

To achieve sustainable business practices, it is vital to execute the established framework of 

good corporate governance throughout the strategic and operational level instead of merely 

embracing it as a guiding principle.  

 

Board committees consisting of the Audit Committee, Nominating Committee, and 

Remuneration Committee were formed to support our Board in executing its responsibilities 

and ensuring good corporate governance. 

 

 

 

Apart from the statutory duties and responsibilities, CREG takes a strategic approach to 

sustainability by aligning its sustainability focus areas with its corporate strategies and values. 

CREG believes in serving the interests of its wider group of stakeholders by integrating its 

sustainability approach into its business operations. CREG continues to focus on two key areas 

in which we believe that an adoption of the principles of sustainability throughout our value 

chain will provide an impetus towards enhancing the value of CREG in a dynamic way. 

 

The Board



•Provides strategic direction and specifically considers sustainability issues as 

part of its strategic formulation

•Determine material ESG factors and ensure that they are monitored and 

managed

Board 

Committee



•Assists the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities for the Group's sustainability 

initiatives

Business 

Units



•Implement sustainability related initiatives cascaded from the Board 

Committees, ensuring a clear and consistent approach across the Group




CREG’S SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

13 

 

 

 

CREG is targeting to continuously achieve full compliance with the Code of Corporate 

Governance 2018 in the coming financial year ending 30 June 2021 (“FY2021”). There were 

no reported cases of fraud, corruption and unethical actions in FY2020. CREG intends to 

uphold this good record by continuously assessing and enhancing its internal controls. 

 

 



•Right people with the right skill sets form the 

cornerstone of every growing company. We 

strive to streamline backend operations and 

retain top talent whilst recruiting new talent 

at the same time. 



People -Attracting 

and retaining the 

right talent



•Our focus is to build up our top line revenue 

and establish a sustainable earnings stream 

over time. CREG envisages that each business 

unit will be profitable, generating cashflows to 

fund its activities.



Project - Ramping 

up pipeline




CREG’S SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

14 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

Based on stakeholder engagement, we have identified the most relevant ESG factors that we 

believe should be our focus and basis when formulating corporate strategies. It is crucial that 

the point of view of stakeholders is communicated on an on-going basis in relation to 

economic, environmental, social and governance aspects and to address their respective 

concerns as stakeholders’ concerns will be taken into account in the strategy planning and 

decision making process.   

 

The table below illustrates key stakeholder groups, their engagement activities, expectations 

and frequency of interactions with them.  

 

Stakeholder Group 

Engagement Activities 

Stakeholder Expectations 

Frequency 

Customers 

 

Marketing brochures, online 

platform, enquiry and feedback 

channel, customer service 

hotlines, periodic business 

networking 

Good quality of services 

and after sales support 

 

Ad-hoc 

Employees 

 

Staff communication channel, 

periodic internal newsletter, 

annual meeting 

Staff welfare, competitive 

remuneration package, 

efficient software 

program and platform 

Ad-hoc 

Investors 

 

Annual meetings, periodic media 

release and circulars to 

shareholders, periodic SGX 

announcements  

Profitability, 

transparency, timely 

reporting, business 

sustainability 

Annually/ 

Ad-hoc 

Business Partners 

 

Frequent discussions and 

meetings 

 

Partnership for 

opportunities and growth 

Ad-hoc 

Government and 

Regulators  

 

Discussions with government 

agencies and departments 

 

Compliance with 

regulations, timely 

reporting and resolution 

of issues 

 

Ad-hoc 

 














2020 SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS 

15 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Environmental 

Protection



Human Capital



Compliance with 

Laws and 

Regulations



Economic 

Performance






2020 SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS 

16 

 

Identifying Our Focus 

 

The material topics are re-evaluated annually by the Board for the relevance based on 

continuous internal and external stakeholder engagement, and the current global and local 

trends.  

 

In FY2020, through our engagements with stakeholders, we are pleased to inform that the 

existing topics continue to remain relevant to our business and our stakeholders, and no 

additional topics were identified during the year.  

 

 

 

The table summarises the ESG topics’ corresponding performance, commitments and targets 

after taking into consideration of different stakeholder groups’ interests. 

 

Topic 

Relevance and Impacts 

Commitments &amp; Targets 

Environmental 

Protection 

Applies to CREG’s business in property 

development and hotel in the PRC where the 

business has direct impact on the environment. 

Issues include environmental management, 

efficient use of energy and water to initiative to 

protect environment are key issues to all our 

stakeholders 

 

 Establish guidelines on 

environmental protection measures 

 Set up data collection system on 

energy and water usage of business 

operation in the PRC 

Human 

Capital 

Fair employment practices in aspects of hiring, 

remuneration, benefits, welfare and career 

development are important to attract, retain and 

develop good candidates for all our business 

segments. These are issues of interest to our 

stakeholders. 

 

 Clear employee’ rights and benefits 

set out in employee handbook 

disseminated to all employees 

 Consistent hiring practice and 

welfare  

Environmental 

Protection

Human Capital

Compliance with 

Laws and Regulations

Economic 

Performance

0

1

2

3

4

5

6

0

1

2

3

4

5

6

Influence on stakeholders assessment and 

decision

Significance of economic, environmental and social impact




2020 SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS 

17 

 

Topic 

Relevance and Impacts 

Commitments &amp; Targets 

Compliance 

with Laws and 

Regulations 

 

Measures in place to comply with anti-

corruption, socioeconomic, environmental and 

industry related laws and regulations, are 

important as we recognise the significant of its 

legal impact. These issues are areas with 

heightened attention of various stakeholders. 

 

 Continue to comply with laws and 

regulations 

 

Economic 

Performance 

All external and internal stakeholders look to our 

economic performance, value generated and 

distributed to communities where our business 

operates. 

 

 Revenue and profit growth in short 

to medium term 

 Sustainable dividend payout 

 




MATERIAL TOPICS 

18 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION 

 

CREG constantly strives to better understand the impact of environmental related risks on 

our businesses in order to develop appropriate mitigation and adaptation measures to 

protect the planet, to mitigate climate change and to prevent pollution. This is particularly 

relevant to our property development and hotel businesses in the PRC. CREG carries out 

detailed reviews of energy and water efficiency and monitors consumption levels to ensure 

efficient use of environmental resources which subsequently contributes to the operational 

efficiency and long-term sustainability of the Group. 

 

Green Development 

 

We recognise that “green development” has become a common objective of people around 

the world. The fast pace development of our communities has significantly impacted the 

natural environment as the design, construction and operation of the buildings which we live 

in and work are responsible for the consumption of many of our natural resources. Green 

development concepts extend beyond the walls of buildings to include site planning, 

community and land-use planning issues. Through this concept, we strive to enhance and 

protect biodiversity and ecosystems of the environment, conserve and restore natural 

resources, improves overall quality of social life, as well as enhance asset value and profits. 

 

Our planning principle for Huzhou Project focused on the innovation of ecological civilisation 

to drive the inheritance of local culture; unique advantages of Jiangsu and Zhejiang river 

system and water resources; development and revitalisation of inland river yachts and water 

leisure, to fully excavate and protect the inheritance of local cultural tourism resources. We 

endeavor to preserve the integrity and connectivity of the water system, emphasise the 

communication and networking of the water system to ensure realisation of the flood control, 

drainage and ecological functions. We too aspire to protect the natural ecological landscape 

of river by creating gardens that enhance the surrounding environment along the river.  

 

We have made efforts in setting restrictions on noise, dust, sewage and solid waste generated 

during daily construction. We strive to minimise the impact of construction work of future 

Huzhou Project on the local communities and residents.  

 

 

Noise Management



•To monitor the noise 

impact to communities 

and residents, we have 

set reasonable 

construction timetables 

according to the noise 

limits at different 

stages of construction.

Dust Management



•We strictly prohibit 

workers from burning 

any substance which 

may be harmful or may 

generate poisonous gas 

to the environment. In 

addition, every truck 

leaving construction 

sites is required to be 

sprinkled to lay the 

dust.

Sewage Management



•In the effort to ensure 

up-to-standard water 

discharge, no 

accumulated water on 

site and no blockage 

during drainage, we 

regulate that 

installation of drainage 

and sewage treatment 

facilities must be done 

before commencement 

of construction.

Solid Waste 

Management



•The site supervisor is 

accountable for 

compliance with 

government 

requirements during 

the disposal of 

construction and 

domestic wastes.




MATERIAL TOPICS 

19 

 

 

 

Energy Management 

 

As part of our focus on sustainability, the Group continues to identify and implement energy 

conservation measures to reduce the energy consumption in its business. For instance, 

initiative undertaken to procure raw materials, plant and equipment that help deliver energy-

efficient improvements and reduce either electricity, gas or water consumption. 

 

The demand for cooling and heating is inevitable and important in our hotel operations to 

keep our guests comfortable. The Cheery Hotel Huzhou has adopted a Ground Source Heat 

Pump, a central heating and/or cooling system that transfers heat to or from the ground. It 

uses earth at all time as a heat source (in the winter) or a heat sink (in the summer). This 

design takes advantage of the moderate temperatures in the ground to boost efficiency and 

reduce the energy consumption of heating and cooling systems. The adopted energy efficient 

technology helps us to not only reduce our operational cost in terms of utility and 

maintenance bills but also reduce greenhouse gas emission. 

 

The industry which we are based in is energy-intensive and electricity consumption always 

comprises a significant proportion of our operating expenses. Apart from protecting the 

environment, we can also lower our cost by investing in energy efficiency.  

 

Other than adopting the Ground Source Heat Pump, our hotel’s exterior wall was made of 

aerated concrete block and thermal insulation mortar which help to protect the building from 

the thermal cycling effects and effectively reduce electricity consumption. The aluminum 

alloy doors and windows of the hotel are made of 5 + 8 + 5 hollow glass with thermal 

insulation aluminum alloy profile. 

 

Moreover, the Cheery Hotel Huzhou is using the energy-efficient LED energy-saving lamps to 

improve energy efficiency. Staff are educated to monitor and turn off under-utilised lightings 

within the hotel building. Besides, the air-conditioners would also be switched off for building 

areas with zero or low occupancy rate. 

 






MATERIAL TOPICS 

20 

 

 

 

In FY2020, the total electricity consumption increased 728% from the previous year due to 

the full operation of the Cheery Hotel Huzhou since October 2019, which was in line with our 

expectation in the previous year. Moving forward, the Group target to reduce the electricity 

consumption by 15% in the coming financial year.  

 

 

 

107,238.20

888,861.92

0.00

100,000.00

200,000.00

300,000.00

400,000.00

500,000.00

600,000.00

700,000.00

800,000.00

900,000.00

1,000,000.00

FY2019

FY2020

Electricity Consumption (kWh)

Financial Year

Electricity Consumption in FY2020 and FY2019




MATERIAL TOPICS 

21 

 

Water Management 

 

Water security is one of the main concerns for current world population. Irregular rainfall 

patterns and rising sea levels are greatly impacting the availability of potable water.  

 

Water accounts for a significant portion of our hotel’s utility bills. Since water is a scarce 

resource in many places around the world, our hotel has a responsibility not to consume more 

than necessary. The effective management of both the consumption and quality of water at 

our project sites is extremely important and our Group continues to conserve and reduce 

water consumption through various initiatives. At construction site, contractors are required 

to monitor the wastewater discharged into the watercourse or sewerage system. 

 

 

 

In FY2020, the total water consumption increased significantly by 52 times as compared to 

previous year due to the full operation of our newly opened hotel. We have been monitoring 

the water consumption and reduce water consumption by using recycling rainwater for 

watering the landscape plants. CREG does not have a specific water conservation plan put 

into place at present but we are keen to explore and implement water conservation measures 

such as installing the Greywater System, reusing condensate water from air-conditioning 

systems in residences and commercial centers etc. Moving forward, we will continue to 

monitor our water consumption to assess the reasonableness of usage i.e. identify 

wastage/leakage issues for immediate rectification.  

 

 

 

 



358

18,945

WATER CONSUMPTION (TONNES)



FY2019



FY2020




MATERIAL TOPICS 

22 

 

HUMAN CAPITAL 

 

CREG believes that developing and attracting a diverse workforce is extremely important for 

success in a global marketplace. We believe each of our people play a part in contributing to 

our business presence, brand and authentic connections with our external stakeholders such 

as customers, suppliers and shareholders. Without our employees, we are unable to provide 

top-notch services to our customers. Hence, having in place adequate training programs, 

competitive remuneration packages and good working conditions will help to keep our people 

motivated at work.  

 

We are also committed to put in place good employment practices that are in line with the 

applicable employment laws and regulations. We employ the best people for the job, 

recruiting people from a range of backgrounds and criteria such as diversity in qualifications, 

gender and age group. We also ensure that there is a healthy mix of men and women in the 

workplace. CREG hired 21 new female staff and 4 new male staff in China to join the Group’s 

Cheery Hotel Huzhou in FY2020.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

WORKFORCE BY GENDER IN FY2020 

 

 

 43 

 

 

 51 

 

 

0

25

New Staff by Region in 

FY 2020

Singapore

China

3

22

New Staff by Age Group 

in FY 2020

&lt; 30 years old

30 - 50 years old

4

21

New Staff by Gender in 

FY 2020

Male

Female








MATERIAL TOPICS 

23 

 

 

 

Our Group’s commitment to offer equal opportunities for career progression is underscored 

by the belief that building the capabilities of our employees allows them to enhance their 

competitiveness and thus benefiting the organisation. In FY2020, we have conducted a total 

of 192 hours of in-house training to our hotel staff to improve and enhance their skills to 

prosper in the fast-paced industry. To ensure equality and non-discrimination, we assess 

objectively for recruitment, remuneration, promotion and benefits regardless of gender, race, 

marital status or age. We believe all candidates and employees should be respected and 

treated fairly. 

 

 

 

 

 

In FY2020, we recorded a turnover rate of 26.50% and 18.18% for male and female 

respectively. We value our employee and seek to retain talent through offering work-life 

integration working environment and a range of medical benefits. Other than medical 

benefits, Singapore-based employees enjoy parental leave. In FY2020, 2 female staff and 1 

male staff were eligible to take maternity and paternity leave respectively and none of the 

staff utilised the parental leave.   

 





0

5

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

45

50

Management

Staff in Headquarter

Operation Staff

12

1

36

4

2

38

14

1

28

2

1

48

Employees by Function

FY2019 - Male

FY2019 - Female

FY2020 - Male

FY2020 - Female

1

20

Number of Resignees by 

Region in FY 2020

Singapore

China

12

9

Number of Resignees by 

Age Group in FY 2020

&lt; 30 years old

&gt; 50 years old

13

8

Number of Resignees by 

Gender in FY 2020

Male

Female




MATERIAL TOPICS 

24 

 

Employee morale is also vital to our business. In order to nurture high employee morale and 

greater camaraderie within our family, we continue to organise various recreational activities 

for all our employees throughout the first half financial year before the COVID-19 pandemic. 

These activities can also help employees to relax their mind and body, develop teamwork and 

explore their talent. In years to come, we will continue to organise activities which help in 

developing employee morale. More importantly, we strive to retain our workforce and 

constantly improve the quality of the working environment. 

 




MATERIAL TOPICS 

25 

 

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATION 

 

CREG embraces strong corporate governance in order to gain the trust of our stakeholders 

and to move towards long term sustainability. We also believe that a robust corporate 

governance can help in delivering exceptional service to our customers and facilitating 

interaction with our stakeholders. We advocate good corporate governance practice and 

strict compliance with laws and regulations, which aimed at promoting better performance 

across different business segments of CREG.  

 

Our employees are expected to maintain the highest standards of integrity and trust in all 

business relationships and dealings. We place great emphasis on accountability, transparency, 

ethical business conduct and good corporate governance that is manifested throughout the 

Group’s strategies and operations.  

 

We have zero tolerance towards any form of bribery or any form of corruption. Even though 

we have yet to set up an anti-corruption policy, we require our people to comply with the 

relevant anti-corruption legislation in all the markets where we operate.  

 

CREG does not have any whistle-blowing policy. However, our staff have been informed about 

the various avenues, including the chairman of the audit committee, through which they may 

report on possible improprieties in matters of suspected fraud, corruption, dishonest 

practices or other matters. Appropriate action will be taken by authorised personnel if the 

employee being reported is found guilty of fraud or dishonest. 

 

In FY2020, there were no legal cases regarding corrupt practices and significant non-

compliance with socioeconomic and environmental laws and regulations that were brought 

against CREG or our people. Moving forward, we continue to monitor compliance on 

socioeconomic and environmental laws and regulations. 

 

 






GRI CONTENT INDEX 

26 

 

GRI 

Standard  

Disclosure 

Notes/ Page Reference 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Sustainability Report - page 1 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Sustainability Report - page 6 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Sustainability Report - page 6 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Sustainability Report - page 6 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report 

102-6 

Markets served 

Sustainability Report - page 6 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Sustainability Report - pages 8 

102-8 

Information on employees and other 

workers 

Sustainability Report - page 22 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Sustainability Report - page 9 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation 

and its supply chain 

No significant changes 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Not applicable 

102-12 

External Initiatives 

Not applicable 

102-13 

Membership of association 

Sustainability Report - page 11 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

Sustainability Report - page 3 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms 

of behavior 

Sustainability Report - page 6 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Sustainability Report - page 12 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Sustainability Report - page 14 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Sustainability Report - page 14 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Sustainability Report - page 14 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Sustainability Report - page 15 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

Annual Report – Investment in Subsidiary 

Corporation 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries 

Sustainability Report - page 4 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Sustainability Report - page 15 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

Not applicable 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Sustainability Report - page 4 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

Not applicable 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

Sustainability Report - page 5 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with 

the GRI Standards 

Sustainability Report - page 4 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Sustainability Report - page 26 

102-56 

External assurance 

We have not sought external assurance for 

our sustainability report FY2020 and may 

consider it in the future. 

 

 

 




GRI CONTENT INDEX 

27 

 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Notes/ Page Reference 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary 

Sustainability Report - page 16-17 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Sustainability Report - page 12-14 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Sustainability Report - page 12-14 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

Annual 

Report 

- 

Consolidated 

Statement 

of 

Comprehensive 

Income  

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken 

Sustainability Report - page 25 

GRI 300: Environment 

302-1 

Electricity consumption within the organization 

Sustainability Report - page 20 

303-1 

Water withdrawal by source 

Sustainability Report - page 21 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

Sustainability Report - page 18 

GRI 400: Social 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

Sustainability Report - page 22-23 

401-3 

Parental leave 

Sustainability Report - page 23 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in 

the social and economic area 

Sustainability Report - page 25 

 

