
 

1 

 

 

 

CHINA REAL ESTATE GRP LTD. 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 




CONTENT 

2 

 

I. 

Board Statement 

3 

II. About This Report 

4 

III. CREG’s Business 

5 

IV. CREG’s Sustainability Approach 

7 

V. Material Topics 

10 

VI. GRI Content Index  

14 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This sustainability report has been prepared by the Company and its contents have been 

reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, Stamford Corporate Services Pte Ltd (the “Sponsor”), 

for compliance with the relevant rules of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(the “SGX-ST”). The Sponsor had not independently verified the contents of this sustainability 

report. 

 

This sustainability report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST 

assumes no responsibility for the contents of this sustainability report including the correctness 

of any statements or opinions made or reports contained in this sustainability report. 

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr Ng Joo Khin.  

Telephone number: 6389 3000. Email: jookhin.ng@morganlewis.com 

 

 


BOARD STATEMENT 

3 

 

 

We are pleased to present to you the sustainability report (the “Report”) of China Real Estate 

Grp Ltd. (formerly known as Asia-Pacific Strategic Investments Limited) (“CREG”) for the 

financial year ended 30 June 2018 (“FY2018”).  

 

This is our first Report and we feel that being sustainable in today’s world is an extremely 

important facet to ensure continuous growth for our business. We consider sustainability in 

various aspects as part of our strategy formulation. As illustrated in our previous annual 

reports, we have identified the real estate sector as our future focus for growth where we 

intend to channel our efforts and resources to establish a vibrant and thriving sustainable 

business in Asia.  

 

While we have already incorporated sustainability practices within our business, we recognise 

the importance of articulating these practices and evaluating them. Therefore, this Report 

serves as a platform to communicate and engage with our stakeholders and to demonstrate 

how we incorporate various values into our operations.  

 

We strive to integrate our sustainability efforts with our business strategies. Our approach to 

sustainability is guided by a few factors which include establishing a sustainability framework, 

listening to our valued internal and external stakeholders, identifying the key economic, 

environmental, social and governance aspects of our business, and ensuring we evaluate and 

track our progress along the journey. 

 

We hope you enjoy reading this Report. We welcome any feedback, suggestions and 

comments on this Report which can be forwarded to us through our official website. 

 

 

Sincerely, 

Board of Directors 

China Real Estate Grp Ltd.

 

 

 

 

 


ABOUT THIS REPORT 

4 

 

 

 

 

 

This is an inaugural standalone Report by CREG. This Report is prepared in alignment with the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Rules – Sustainability 

Reporting Guide (the “Sustainability Reporting Guide”) and with reference to the Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards 2016: Core Option, which is a well-known and globally-

recognised sustainability reporting framework referred to in the Sustainability Reporting 

Guide, and its reporting principles. Unless otherwise stated, this Report focuses on our 

performance from 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2018, which covers our operations across Singapore 

and the Asia regions where our principal activities are carried out.  

 

This Report will focus on three main areas. Firstly, an evaluation of CERG’s performance 

during the last year in terms of the economic, environmental, social and governance aspects 

of our business. Secondly, a discussion on the challenges and material issues which will affect 

the stakeholders in their decision making. Thirdly, an update to our stakeholders on how we 

plan to manage such challenges and issues, as well as our management strategy.  




CREG’S BUSINESS 

 

5 

 

 

Our Vision and Values 

 

CREG’s vision is to become a regional real estate development and agency group. We have 

made progress in the past year, laying key pillars that will form a solid foundation for our 

future development. There is still much to do but we are gaining ground in our mission to 

build a diversified global platform that will open up fresh horizons and opportunities for 

growth.  

 

CREG strives to extend its pursuit of excellence along the value chain through responsible 

sourcing practices and policies. CREG continues to review and implement initiatives that are 

in accordance with the tenets of sustainability within our business. We have always been 

mindful of the way we engage with external parties and strive to contribute positively to the 

lives of people in communities where our business operates in.  

 

 

Our Business Presence 

 

CREG is a public company limited by shares and is listed on the Catalist Board of SGX-ST since 

31 August 2007. It is mainly engaged in the business of investment holding, real estate agency 

and property development, with its principal place of operation located at 1 Scotts Road, #20-

07 Shaw Centre, Singapore 228208. As at 30 June 2018, CREG’s staff strength totals more than 

50 individuals. Please see below for our three main business segments and respective 

geographic location of operations. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Investment 

Investment 

holding based 

in Singapore 

 

Real Estate Agency 

Provision of real estate agency 

services such as corporate and 

residential leasing, commercial 

and industrial sales, and 

residential sales and resales 

services. Operations based in 

Singapore with revenue 

contribution more than 90% of the 

Group’s revenue 

Property Development 

Property development business 

with operations based in China, 

expected to bring in fresh revenue 

channel for CREG 


CREG’S BUSINESS 

 

6 

 

 

Our Singapore real estate agency business has been gaining ground in Singapore’s property 

scene. Beyond our shores, we continue to grow as one of the most active Singapore 

companies marketing Thai and Malaysian residential real estate to the region. We intend to 

replicate our success at marketing overseas projects in Hong Kong and Taiwan in the near to 

medium term. At the same time, CREG will be strengthening its local network of real estate 

agents and creating platforms to drive more cross-border transactions.  

 

In our attempt to capture a larger market share in the China’s property sector, we have 

already commenced work on the project in Huzhou, China to transform the area into a 

lifestyle hub where there is a mixed development of prime residential and commercial 

properties with numerous innovative leisure and wellness-related choices (the “Huzhou 

Project”). Through this, we aim to diversify our existing businesses in order to secure long-

term growth and profitability. 

 

 

Our Supply Chain 

 

We uphold strict requirements for quality and this is applied to all levels of our supply chain. 

For instance, contractors, consultants and suppliers of our property development business 

are vetted through stringent pre-selection criteria covering the areas of quality, health &amp; 

safety and environmental management. These contractors, consultants and suppliers are 

assessed progressively and their performance is closely monitored to ensure that the quality 

of our products and services are maintained and upheld across all development projects. We 

strive to give preference to local contractors and suppliers as we believe in contributing 

towards the local economy and thus local contractors and suppliers are provided with the 

support and opportunities available in the management of our supply chain. We also source 

construction materials locally as much as possible to reduce greenhouse gas emission from 

transportation. 

 

 




CREG’S SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

7 

 

 

Sustainability Governance and Principles  

 

At CREG, the sustainability governance structure is paramount to managing sustainability 

throughout the organization, particularly in relation to the sustainability fundamentals 

relating to the economic, environmental, social and governance areas. At the top of this 

structure is CREG’s Board of Directors, who are responsible for reviewing and approving 

CREG’s sustainability matters. In implementation and execution, the structure empowers the 

Chief Executive Officer to cascade responsibilities to the relevant head of function.  

 

We embrace sustainability not only as a guiding principle, but even more on the strategic and 

operational levels. With more new developments coming up for the company, it is even more 

crucial to communicate our sustainability efforts to our stakeholders in all areas of our 

business.   

 

CREG takes a strategic approach to sustainability by aligning its sustainability focus areas with 

its corporate strategies and values. CREG believes it is able to better serve the interests of its 

wider group of stakeholders by integrating its sustainability approach with its operations and 

values. CREG focuses on two key areas in which we believe that an adoption of the principles 

of sustainability throughout our value chain will provide an impetus towards enhancing the 

value of CREG in a dynamic way. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Projects – Ramping up our pipeline 

Our focus is to build up our top line 

revenue and establish a sustainable 

earnings stream over time. CREG 

envisages that each business unit will be 

profitable, generating cashflows to fund 

its activities. 

 

 

People – Attracting and retaining the 

right talent 

 

Right people with the right skill sets 

form the cornerstone of every growing 

company. In our real estate agency 

business, “Agents are our clients”.  

We strive to streamline backend 

operations and retain top talent whilst 

recruiting new talent at the same time.  


CREG’S SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

8 

 

 

Identifying Material Sustainability Topics 

 

In our sustainability journey, it is important for us to take into account the feedback arising 

from the key stakeholders we identified and these will be factored in when formulating 

corporate strategies. Engagements with the different stakeholders are conducted on an 

ongoing basis to understand their different points of view in relation to economic, 

environmental, social and governance aspects and to address their respective concerns. All 

these views and concerns will aid in a more informed decision making process, which will in 

turn improve CREG’s businesses.  

 

The table below illustrates key stakeholder groups, their engagement activities, expectations 

and frequency of interactions with them.  

 

Stakeholder Group 

Engagement Activities 

Stakeholder Expectations 

Customers 

Marketing brochures, online 

platform, enquiry and feedback 

channel, customer service hotlines, 

periodic business networking 

 

Good quality of services, competitive 

agent rate, after sales support 

 

Employees 

Staff communication channel, 

periodic internal newsletter, 

annual meeting 

 

Staff welfare, competitive 

remuneration package, efficient 

software program and platform 

 

Investors 

Annual meetings, periodic media 

release and circulars to 

shareholders, periodic SGX 

announcements  

 

Profitability, transparency, timely 

reporting, business sustainability 

 

Business Partners 

Frequent discussions and meetings 

 

Partnership for opportunities and 

growth 

 

Government and 

Regulators  

Discussions with government 

agencies and departments 

 

Compliance with regulations, timely 

reporting and resolution of issues 

 

 


CREG’S SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

9 

 

 

We take the interest of different stakeholder groups into consideration, as well as an 

evaluation of our business model and corporate strategies, when determining which topics 

should be considered material and their level of priority. Please see below for topics which 

we believe are material and should be prioritised. These topics and their corresponding 

performance, commitments and targets will continue to be reviewed periodically to ascertain 

its relevance to our business.  

 

Topic 

Relevance and Impacts 

Reference 

Commitments &amp; Targets 

Environmental 

Protection 

Applies to CREG’s business in 

property development in China 

where the business has direct 

impact on the environment. Issues 

include environmental 

management, efficient use of 

energy and water to initiative to 

protect environment are key issues 

to all our stakeholders 

 

Sustainability Report 

2018 – Page 10 

 

 Establish guidelines on 

environmental 

protection measures 

 Set up data collection 

system on energy and 

water usage of business 

operation in China 

Human 

Capital 

Fair employment practices in 

aspects of hiring, remuneration, 

benefits, welfare and career 

development are important to 

attract, retain and develop good 

candidates for all our business 

segments, in particular real estate 

agency business. These are issues 

of interest to our stakeholders. 

 

Sustainability Report 

2018 – Page 12 

 

 Clear employee’ rights 

and benefits set out in 

employee handbook 

disseminated to all 

employees 

 Consistent hiring 

practice and welfare  

Compliance 

with Laws and 

Regulations 

 

Measures in place to comply with 

anti-corruption, socioeconomic, 

environmental and industry related 

laws and regulations, are important 

as we recognise the significant of 

its legal impact. These issues are 

areas with heightened attention of 

various stakeholders. 

 

Sustainability Report 

2018 – Page 13 

 

 Continue to comply 

with laws and 

regulations 

 

Economic 

Performance 

All external and internal 

stakeholders look to our economic 

performance, value generated and 

distributed to communities where 

our business operates. 

 

Annual Report 2018 – 

Operations Review, 

Consolidated 

Statement of 

Comprehensive 

Income 

 

 Revenue and profit 

growth in short to 

medium term 

 Sustainable dividend 

payout 

 

Corporate 

Governance 

Applies to all business segments in 

Singapore and overseas as policies 

and practice in place to uphold 

good corporate governance, 

including sound risk management 

framework. These are issues of 

interest to all our stakeholders 

 

Corporate Governance 

Report 2018 

 Stay abreast of 

development on code 

of corporate 

governance 

 Continue to uphold 

good corporate practice  

 

 


MATERIAL TOPICS 

10 

 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION 

 

CREG is committed to reducing the environmental impact of its business operations and to 

conserve the natural environment in acknowledgement of the impact of climate change. This 

is particular relevant in our new property development business in China. We strive to 

incorporate environmentally sensible and sustainable practices and technologies as a 

property developer. Monitoring environmental impact is integral to our business operations. 

The efficient use of environmental resources such as energy and water contributes to the 

operational efficiency and long term sustainability of CREG.  

 

Green Development 

 

The growth and development of our communities have a large impact on the natural 

environmental. The design, construction and operation of the buildings in which we live and 

work consume many of the world’s natural resources. Green development concepts extend 

beyond the walls of buildings to include site planning, community and land-use planning 

issues. At different stages of our project development, we strive to enhance and protect 

biodiversity and ecosystems of the environment, conserve and restore natural resources, 

improves overall quality of social life, as well as enhance asset value and profits. 

 

We have kicked off our Huzhou Project in FY2018 - a premier integrated development that 

will embody and display the region’s rich and unique cultural heritage through a myriad of 

leisure, resort, commercial, healthcare and ecological amenities. Our planning principle 

focused on the innovation of ecological civilisation to drive the inheritance of local culture; 

unique advantages of Jiangsu and Zhejiang river system and water resources; development 

and revitalisation of inland river yachts and water leisure, to fully excavate and protect the 

inheritance of local cultural tourism resources. On the basis of respecting the current water 

system, we guarantee the integrity and connectivity of the water system, emphasise the 

communication and networking of the water system to ensure realisation of flood control, 

drainage and ecological functions of the water system. We also respect the natural form of 

river landscape by maintaining the ecological landscape along the river.  

 

 




MATERIAL TOPICS 

11 

 

 

Energy Management 

 

We are committed to identifying and implementing energy conservation measures to reduce 

energy use. The management adopts energy-efficient practices when procuring raw materials, 

plant and equipment to help deliver energy-efficient improvements and reduce the impact 

from operations. 

 

Effective energy management is one of the initiatives undertaken by our Huzhou Project in 

minimising energy consumption in buildings. This will reduce not only our operational cost 

but also greenhouse gas emission as well as contributing towards climate change mitigation. 

For instance, the Huzhou Project has adopted a Ground Source Heat Pump, a central heating 

and/or cooling system that transfers heat to or from the ground. It uses earth at all time as a 

heat source (in the winter) or a heat sink (in the summer). This design takes advantage of the 

moderate temperatures in the ground to boost efficiency and reduce the operational costs of 

heating and cooling systems.  Upon initial implementation and commencement of operations, 

we will continue checking and verifying through performance monitoring and analysis.  

 

Recognising the need to optimize electricity and water consumption, we target to establish 

guidelines on efficient usage of electricity and water, and build up a system to track the 

performance of electrical and water consumption across our buildings developed. 

 

 

 

Water Management 

 

Water security is one of the main concerns for today’s world population. Irregular rainfall 

patterns and rising sea levels are greatly impacting the availability of potable water. A 

strategic approach to water management and quality improves the efficiency, resilience and 

long-term value of our projects. The effective management of both the consumption and 

quality of water leaving our project sites is extremely important. Contractors are required to 

monitor the wastewater discharged into the watercourse or sewerage system. 




MATERIAL TOPICS 

12 

 

 

HUMAN CAPITAL 

 

CREG provides full-time employment to more than 50 individuals in Singapore and overseas. 

Our people are the core of our business, and the key to achieving long-term success for CREG. 

Without our employees and agents, we are unable to provide top-notch services to our 

customers. Hence, having in place adequate training programs, competitive remuneration 

packages and good working conditions will help to keep our people motivated at work.  

 

We are also committed to having good employment practices that are in line with the 

applicable employment laws and regulations. We value diversity because we believe each of 

our people play a part in contributing to our business presence, brand and authentic 

connections with our external stakeholders such as customers, suppliers and shareholders. 

We employ the best people for the job, recruiting people from a range of backgrounds and 

criteria such as various qualifications, nationality, and age group. We also ensure that there 

is a healthy mix of men and women in the workplace.  

 

We uphold these values and beliefs so that we are well-positioned to acquire, retain and 

develop exceptional talents. We believe all candidates and employees should be respected 

and treated fairly. 

 

Employee morale is also vital to our business. In order to nurture high employee morale and 

greater camaraderie within our family, we continue to invest in organising various 

recreational activities for all our employees throughout the year. 

 

 

 

 




MATERIAL TOPICS 

13 

 

 

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATION 

 

In order to deliver exceptional service to our customers and interaction with our stakeholders, 

we believe that strong governance is imperative as the cornerstone to building trust and long-

term sustainability. We advocate good corporate governance practice and strict compliance 

with laws and regulations, which is aimed at promoting better performance throughout 

different business segments of CREG.  

 

Our employees and agents are expected to maintain the highest standards of integrity and 

trust in all business relationships and dealings. We place great emphasis on accountability, 

transparency, ethical business conduct and good corporate governance that is manifested 

throughout the company’s strategies and operations.  

 

We hold strong views on anti-corruption and we require our people to comply with the 

relevant anti-corruption legislation in all the markets where we operate.  

 

CREG does not have any whistle-blowing policy. However, our staff have been informed about 

the various avenues, including the chairman of the Audit Committee, through which they may 

report on possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters. 

 

During the year, there were no legal cases regarding corrupt practices and significant non-

compliance with socioeconomic and environmental laws and regulations that were brought 

against CREG or our people. 

 

 




GRI Content Index 

14 

 

 

GRI 

Standard  

Disclosure 

Notes/ Page Reference 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Sustainability Report - page 1 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Sustainability Report - page 5 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Sustainability Report - page 5 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Sustainability Report - page 5 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report 2018 - Statistic of 

Shareholdings 

102-6 

Markets served 

Sustainability Report - page 6 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Sustainability Report - page 5 and 12, 

Annual Report 2018 – Financial Highlights 

102-8 

Information on employees and other 

workers 

Sustainability Report - page 12 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Sustainability Report - page 6 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation 

and its supply chain 

No significant changes 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Not applicable 

102-12 

External Initiatives 

Not applicable 

102-13 

Membership of association 

Not applicable 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

Sustainability Report - page 3 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms 

of behavior 

Sustainability Report - page 5 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Sustainability Report - page 7 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Sustainability Report - page 8 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Sustainability Report - page 8 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Sustainability Report - page 8 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Sustainability Report - page 9 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

Annual Report – Investment in Subsidiary 

Corporations 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries 

Sustainability Report - page 4 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Sustainability Report - page 9 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

Not applicable 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Sustainability Report - page 4 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

Not applicable 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

Sustainability Report - page 3 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with 

the GRI Standards 

Sustainability Report - page 4 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Sustainability Report - page 14 

102-56 

External assurance 

We have not sought external assurance for 

our sustainability report FY2018 and may 

consider it in the future. 

 

 

 


GRI Content Index 

15 

 

 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Notes/ Page Reference 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary 

Sustainability Report - page 9 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Sustainability Report - page 10-13 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Sustainability Report - page 10-13 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

Annual Report 2018 – Consolidated 

Statement of Comprehensive Income  

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken 

Sustainability Report - page 13 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

Sustainability Report - page 13 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in 

the social and economic area 

Sustainability Report - page 13 

 

