


Sustainability Report 2018 


Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

China Star Food Group Limited 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Table of Contents 

1. Highlights .................................................................................................................................................... 1 

1.1 Corporate profile .................................................................................................................................... 1 

1.2 Message to stakeholders ....................................................................................................................... 2 

1.3 Scope of sustainability report ................................................................................................................. 3 

2. Our approach to sustainability ................................................................................................................. 4 

2.1 Sustainability organisational structure ................................................................................................... 4 

2.2 Sustainability strategy ............................................................................................................................ 5 

2.3 Consulting our stakeholders................................................................................................................... 6 

2.4 Sustainability materiality ......................................................................................................................... 7 

3. Our performance ........................................................................................................................................ 8 

3.1 How we measure our performance ........................................................................................................ 8 

3.2 Economic contribution ............................................................................................................................ 9 

3.3 Food safety........................................................................................................................................... 12 

3.4 Environmental sustainability................................................................................................................. 13 

3.5 Social contribution ................................................................................................................................ 16 

Appendix A: Sustainability scorecard .......................................................................................................... 18 

Appendix B: GRI content index ..................................................................................................................... 19 

 

 


Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

China Star Food Group Limited | 1 

 

 

 

 

 

1. Highlights 

1.1 Corporate profile 

China Star Food Group Limited (中国之星食品集团有限公司) (“CSFG” 

or the “Company”), together with its subsidiaries (the “Group”), is one 

of the leading manufacturers of healthy snack foods in the People’s 

Republic of China (“PRC”). The Group is engaged in the production 

and sale of sweet potato snack food products across PRC, processed 

from purple and orange-fleshed sweet potatoes. Currently, the annual 

total production capacity of the Group is approximately 30,000 tonnes. 

Based in Liancheng county of Fujian Province, the Group sells its wide 

range of sweet potato snack food products to more than 300 

distributors and wholesalers, who in turn distribute the sweet potato 

snack 

food 

products, 

through 

e-commerce 

portals 

and 

to 

supermarkets, petrol kiosks, convenience stores and specialty stores 

throughout the PRC.  

The Group’s six broad product categories include sweet potato 

pastries, candies, crisps, baked goods, roasted sweet potato nuts and 

preserved foods. The Group also has a series of proprietary product 

brands, such as “Starpie” (星派), “Ledi” (乐地), “Delijia” (德丽佳) and 

“Zilaohu” (紫 老 虎 ). “Zilaohu” and “Starpie” were recognised as a 

“Famous Trademark of Fujian Province” in 2013 and 2015 respectively. 

Through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Fujian Zixin Biological Potato 

Co., Ltd. (福建紫心生物薯业有限公司) (“Zixin”), the Group operates 

three wholly-owned indirect subsidiaries Fujian Zilaohu Food Co., Ltd. 

( 福 建 紫 老 虎 食 品 有 限 公 司 ) (“Zilaohu”), Liancheng Dizhongbao 

Modern Agriculture Development Co., Ltd. (连城县地中宝现代农业发

展有限公司) (“Dizhongbao”), and Fujian Xingpai Food Co., Ltd. (福建

星派食品有限公司) (“Xingpai”). 

CSFG was listed on the Catalist board of Singapore Exchange via a 

reverse takeover of Brooke Asia Limited on 22 September 2015. 

 




Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

China Star Food Group Limited | 2 

 

 

 

 

 

1.2 Message to stakeholders 

On behalf of our Board of Directors, it is my pleasure to present our 

Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

(“FY2018”). 

FY2018 was a challenging period for the Group as it continued to face 

the effects of environmental control policies implemented by the 

Government of the PRC. This development substantially impacted the 

Group’s performance and operations during the year under review. 

Despite these challenges, we were able to remain resilient and make 

significant strides in improving our operational efficiency and 

productivity. At the same time, we continued our efforts to fortify our 

position as one of the leading players in the sweet potato snack food 

industry as a result of industry consolidation. 

With the resumption of operations in our Zilaohu factory in October 

2017, the Group believes that it is now ready to embrace greater 

opportunities ahead. As many smaller competitors have ceased 

operations after failing to comply with the government’s strict 

regulations, the Group now faces lesser competition from the industry 

going forward. The recommencement of operations also enabled us to 

meet the demand for the coming peak sales season. 

At the same time. we will also continue to improve on our existing sales 

channels while keeping an eye on expansion opportunities in the 

domestic PRC market and beyond. 

In our inaugural sustainability report, we will be reporting on the 

Group’s sustainability efforts, comprising of Economic Contribution, 

Food Safety, Environmental Sustainability, and Social Contribution. 

In addition, we wish to confirm that the Board has considered 

sustainability issues as part of its strategic formulation, determined the 

material environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) factors and 

overseen the management and monitoring of the material ESG factors. 

As part of the Group’s commitment to sustainable development, we will 

continue to strive to do business in a responsible way.  

 

On behalf of the Board of Directors 

 

 

 

LIANG CHENGWANG 

Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

 




Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

China Star Food Group Limited | 3 

 

 

 

 

 

1.3 Scope of sustainability report 

The scope of the report covers information on material sustainability 

aspects of CSFG and its subsidiaries, from 1 April 2017 to 31 March 

2018 unless otherwise specified. This should sufficiently address 

stakeholders’ concerns in relation to sustainability issues arising from 

the major business operations of the Group. 

This report is prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting 

Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: Core Option as it provides a set of an 

extensive framework that is widely accepted as a global standard for 

sustainability reporting. It also considers the Sustainability Reporting 

Guide in Practice Note 7F of the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist 

(“Catalist Rules”). In preparing our report, we applied the GRI’s 

principles for defining report content and report quality by considering 

the Group’s activities, impacts and substantive expectations and 

interests of its stakeholders.  

The data and information provided within the report have not been 

verified by an independent third party. We have relied on internal data 

monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy. 

 

Sustainability contact 

We welcome your views and feedback on our sustainability practices 

and reporting at sr@zixinshuye.com. 

 




Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

China Star Food Group Limited | 4 

 

 

 

 

 

2. Our approach to sustainability 

2.1 Sustainability organisational structure 

Sustainability is a vital part of our corporate strategy for achieving long-term growth. The values we create for 

our people, the environment and society at large very much determine our financial performance. We 

developed a sustainability organisational structure to move things forward: 

 

 

 



The Board of Directors and Chief Executive 

Officer (“CEO”) formulates related 

strategies and guidelines. 



The Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), 

together with the Corporate Social 

Responsibility (“CSR”) Coordinator, helps 

to organise and coordinate the CSR work of 

all departments and subsidiaries. 



Assigned staff at the subsidiaries are 

responsible for the organisation and 

implementation of CSR works. 

Board of Directors 

and CEO

CFO

Employees




Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

China Star Food Group Limited | 5 

 

 

 

 

 

2.2 Sustainability strategy 

At the Group, our sustainability strategy aims to create integrated values.  

Together with disciplined execution of our strategy and a commitment to doing business responsibly, we 

commit to deliver value to all our stakeholders through the following: 

 

 

 

 

 

The sustainable strategy is underpinned by our comprehensive and extensive internal policies that covers the 

areas above such as regulatory compliance, performance monitoring, occupational safety and health, 

employee training, waste reduction and employee welfare. 

The strategy is also guided by external sources, including ISO 9001:2008 Quality Management, Hazard 

Analysis and Critical Control Point (“HACCP”) System Certification, Global Reporting Initiative Standards and 

Sustainability Reporting Guide in Practice Note 7F of the Catalist Rules. 

Economic 

Contribution

Food 

Safety

Environmental 

Sustainability

Social 

Contribution


Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

China Star Food Group Limited | 6 

 

 

 

 

 

2.3 Consulting our stakeholders 

We recognise the need to continuously develop our responsible business approach in order to address growing 

stakeholder expectations around our impact on the economy, environment and society.  

As such, we periodically consult with our stakeholders to determine the issues that are most relevant to them 

and the Group. An overview of our approach and rationale is set out below (with stakeholders listed in 

alphabetical order), together with the feedback we have received. 

 

Stakeholders 

How we listen 

Why we do it 

What you’ve told us 

Customers 

• 

Focus groups with 

consumers 

• 

Market survey on 

consumer tastes 

• 

Customer service hotline 

• 

Feedback from distributors 

• 

Inspection of company 

production lines 

• 

Consistently improve 

product taste and 

innovation through market 

survey and R&amp;D 

• 

Include customer service 

hotline and nutritional 

information on product 

packaging 

• 

Obtain the necessary food 

safety certificates from 

relevant authorities 

• 

Tasty and innovative 

snacks and products 

• 

Meet quality and nutritional 

requirements 

• 

Compliance with food 

safety and environmental 

laws and regulations 

Employees 

• 

Employee feedback 

mailbox 

• 

Wechat platform 

• 

Employee caring session 

• 

Compliance with 

regulations 

• 

Provide healthy work 

environment to ensure the 

well being of all our staff 

• 

Salary increment 

• 

Problem solution 

• 

Improve employee welfare 

and benefits 

Government 

and regulators 

• 

Understand relevant laws 

and regulations 

• 

Interaction with 

government and industrial 

bodies 

• 

Trainings and meetings 

• 

Compliance with laws and 

regulations 

• 

Uphold highest standards 

of corporate governance 

and ethical behavior 

• 

Participation in 

government-related events  

• 

Compliance with food 

safety and environmental 

laws and regulations 

• 

Compliance with SGX 

regulations 

Investors/ 

shareholders 

• 

Shareholders’ meeting 

• 

Board meeting 

• 

China Star website 

• 

Regular updates and 

communication 

• 

Consistently improve 

company's management 

• 

Operate, manage and 

compliant against 

regulations 

• 

Committed to delivering 

economic value to our 

capital providers through a 

strong financial 

performance and our 

methods of engagement 

with them 

• 

Long-term profitability 

• 

Achieve company targets 

• 

Growing and development 

• 

Compliance with laws and 

regulations 

Suppliers/ 

business 

partners 

• 

Inspection of suppliers' 

production lines 

• 

Interaction with supplier 

representatives 

• 

Perform periodic supplier 

evaluation 

• 

Build up strategic business 

relationship 

• 

Compliance with food 

safety regulations 

• 

Timely payment and 

adherence to agreement 

terms 

• 

Compliance with food 

safety and environmental 

laws and regulations 

 


Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

China Star Food Group Limited | 7 

 

 

 

 

 

2.4 Sustainability materiality 

Using a materiality index, we align our responsible business priorities with the Group’s principal business and 

operational risks, as illustrated in the diagram below.  

We have also developed metrics to help us measure our progress, as indicated in our sustainability scorecard 

in Appendix A. We will review and adjust the material issues and relevant metrices each year, as the external 

and business context changes.  

 



  

  

  

⚫ Sustainable  

⚫ Future trends 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 supply chain 

⚫ Environmental  

 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Production 

 

policy in China 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 quality and  

⚫ Waste and 

 

 

 

 

 

 safety 

 wastewater 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Food packaging    management 

 

 

 

 

 

 

and labelling 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Product 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 research and 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 development 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

  

  

  

 

 

  

  

  

  

 

 

⚫ Skills  

⚫ Emissions  

⚫ Promoting a  

⚫ Employee  

 

 

  competency 

 reduction 

  sweet potato'  

  redundancy 

 

 

  and employee 

⚫ Energy 

  lifestyle 

 

 

 

  training 

 efficiency 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Saving water 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Performance 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

appraisal 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Equal  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 opportunity 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Encouraging  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 work-life  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 balance 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Community  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  initiatives 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

China Star Food Group Limited | 8 

 

 

 

 

 

3. Our performance 

3.1 How we measure our performance 

Our sustainability strategy is embedded into the appropriate parts of our business, with dedicated teams for 

each focus area, and coordination by our relevant departmental managers. 

Progress will be tracked in two key ways: measuring performance against metrics, and evaluating how well 

the programs have advanced, through a series of ‘commitments’. 

Metrics and targets 

We have established key performance indicators for each of the four focus areas outlined in our sustainability 

strategy. As this is our first year adopting sustainability reporting, we will be establishing quantitative targets 

within the next year to hold ourselves accountable and track how we are doing. 

Periodically, we plan to introduce new metrics and update targets to ensure alignment with our strategy. 

Commitments 

To ensure we have a robust sustainability program in place, we will also publish the key initiatives we plan to 

implement in the next sustainability report.  

 




Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

China Star Food Group Limited | 9 

 

 

 

 

 

3.2 Economic contribution 

Overview 

The concepts of a healthy diet and quality lifestyle have 

become increasingly prevalent across the PRC. In tandem 

with rapid urbanisation and higher disposable income, this 

reflects a burgeoning demand for convenient and healthy 

food products. 

As one of the leading players in the sweet potato snacks 

industry, the growing health-conscious trend provides a 

bounty of opportunities for the Group to capture a broad 

consumer base in the PRC and beyond. We offer a diverse 

range of nutritious products, which currently include sweet 

potato baked goods, candies, pastries, crisps, preserved 

foods, roasted sweet potato nuts, nougats and steamed 

sweet potato snacks. 

In addition, we believe that effective management of our 

supply chain can help us conserve resources, optimise 

processes, increase productivity and promote positive 

corporate values. We are dedicated to the consistent 

implementation 

of 

our 

procurement 

policies 

and 

procedures across our entire operation. 

Future trends 

According to Euromonitor International estimates, sales volume of 

packaged food in mainland China reached approximately RMB1,577 

billion in 2017, representing an average annual growth rate of 6.6% 

since 20121. 

Meanwhile, the rise of e-commerce and online retail sales in China has 

presented businesses with an avenue to reach consumers in a fast and 

convenient manner. In a 2017 consumer survey conducted by HKTDC 

Research, consumers ordering packaged snacks through online 

shopping channels have risen exponentially2. 

In order to tap the growing potential of the e-commerce industry in 

China, the Group seeks to build upon our digital market presence, as 

well as enhancing our customer engagement online. We believe that 

these strategies will further drive customer reach and brand awareness. 

Nevertheless, brick and mortar stores are still the most significant 

channel for purchasing packaged food products and we continue to 

build a solid foundation for widening our footprint in the hypermarket 

segment, while keeping an eye on expansion opportunities in the 

domestic PRC market and beyond. 

 

 

1 https://hkmb.hktdc.com/en/1X0ADC6U/hktdc-research/China%E2%80%99s-

Packaged-Food-Market-Major-Consumer-Trends 

2 http://economists-pick-research.hktdc.com/business-news/article/Research-

Articles/China-s-Packaged-Food-Market-Major-Consumer-

Trends/rp/en/1/1X000000/1X0ADC6u.htm 

 

¥221m 

Total revenue 

 

 

 

 


Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

China Star Food Group Limited | 10 

 

 

 

 

 

Promoting a ‘sweet potato’ lifestyle 

The Group seeks to build upon our digital market presence, as well as 

enhancing our customer engagement online, via our WeChat official 

account 

and 

our 

Taobao 

e-commerce 

website 

(starpay.world.tmall.com). Through these avenues, we seek to educate 

our customers on adopting a healthy, ‘sweet potato’ lifestyle in line with 

our Company vision.  

Sweet potatoes offer a healthy and rich source of nutrients, is rich in 

complex carbohydrates, dietary fibre, beta carotene, vitamins A, B6 

and C3.  

Sweet potatoes are rich in beta-carotene, which the body converts into 

vitamin A. Beta-carotene is an antioxidant that has numerous health 

benefits. Besides its antioxidant properties protecting the cell from 

damage, people who have consumed high levels of beta carotene have 

been shown to have a reduced risk of developing cancer, heart disease 

and various diseases4.  

The purple variation of the sweet potato also contains anthocyanin, 

which is responsible for the root’s brilliant purple colour. Anthocyanins 

have been demonstrated to improve eyesight, reduce blood pressure, 

contain strong anti-inflammatory properties and suppress the spread of 

human cancer cells5. Thus, purple sweet potato is a highly beneficial 

crop.  

Sweet potatoes also offer the lowest glycemic index (“GI”) rating. Low 

glycemic index of sweet potato makes it an ideal alternative food for 

China’s large population of diabetics. The Center for Science in the 

Public Interest (“CSPI”) in the United States highly recommended 

sweet potato as one of the most nutritious food. It was found that sweet 

potatoes are rich in dietary fibre, sugars, vitamins, minerals and other 

essential nutrients, as compared to common vegetables. 

Product research and development 

The Group aims to constantly develop new sweet potato snack food 

products to suit the ever-changing tastes of modern consumers. 

Besides product development, the Group is dedicated to researching 

and implementing advanced technologies in our production processes 

and product design, including collaborations with research institutions. 

Currently, we have partnered with Longyan Agricultural Science 

Research Institution and Jiangnan University to focus on new product 

development (such as frozen sweet potato product range) and the 

improvement of the texture of existing products. 

As at FY2018, the Group has a total of nine registered patents, 

including seven technology patents and two invention patents. 

 

 

3 Mitra S (2012) Nutritional Status of Orange-Fleshed Sweet Potatoes in Alleviating 

Vitamin A Malnutrition through a Food-Based Approach. Journal of Nutrition and Food 

Sciences 2:160. 

4 Council for Responsible Nutrition (CRN) – www.crnusa.org/safety. 

5 Izabela Konczak and Wei Zhang, “Anthocyanins – More Than Nature’s Colours,” 

Journal of Biomedicine and Biotechnology,vol. 2004, no. 5, pp. 239- 240, 2004. 

7 

Technology patents 

2 

Invention patents 

 

 

 

 


Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

China Star Food Group Limited | 11 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainable supply chain 

More than 70% of our purchases are from reliable local suppliers in the 

PRC. We believe that a secure and stable supply chain is very 

important to ensure the smooth and uninterrupted operation of our 

production activities. 

To further ensure that our supply chain is primed for long-term food 

security, community resilience, and environmental sustainability, we 

actively work with our partners to achieve the following: 

 

 

Securing long-term supply 

Since 2014, our subsidiary, Dizhongbao, has 

entered into long-term agreements with our 

suppliers as part of the Group’s business strategy to 

secure our supply of quality sweet potatoes at a 

reasonable price.  

Under the terms of the agreement, the suppliers will 

sell all the harvested sweet potatoes from their 

farmland exclusively to Dizhongbao at a preferential 

price. 

 

Developing win-win partnership 

At the start of each sweet potato season, our 

Research and Development Centre (“R&amp;D Centre”) 

takes charge to transfer sweet potato saplings from 

our greenhouse to our farmers. Experts from the 

R&amp;D Centre also proactively teaches the farmers on 

proper care techniques to enhance the sweet potato 

harvest from each growth season. 

 

Crop rotation 

Sweet potatoes are prone to attacks by root rot 

nematodes. For this reason, our farmers are 

instructed to grow off-season crops such as rice as 

a crop rotation measure. This will replenish required 

nutrients into the soil to enable sustained harvests 

year after year. 

 

 

70% 

Purchases from local suppliers 










Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

China Star Food Group Limited | 12 

 

 

 

 

 

3.3 Food safety 

Overview 

Food safety and quality are core to our commercial reputation 

and consumers’ expectations. We are committed to responsible 

sourcing as it helps assure safety and quality of our end 

products.  

We have always stressed the importance of food safety in our 

operations in each stage of our production process as evidenced 

by the ISO 9001:2008 and HACCP certifications over our 

production facilities. 

Production quality and safety 

Our quality control teams are committed to hygienic and safe 

production. The teams undergo regular food safety management 

training to maintain awareness and management of food safety risks, 

and are responsible for ensuring quality control of our products.  

Our operations are audited regularly to monitor management and 

performance relating to hygiene, sanitation and ‘good housekeeping’. 

We recorded no incidents of non-compliance with regulations and 

voluntary codes concerning the health and safety impacts of products. 

High standards of manufacturing help minimise exposure  to risks that 

may affect product quality.  

When we manufacture our snacks, we ensure high quality using 

stringent process controls to prevent contaminants entering the 

process.  

We seek to continue our track record of zero food safety incidents, 

serious incidents and workplace injuries in the coming year. 

Food packaging and labelling 

Our food products are packaged using approved food-grade materials 

and our products passed the tests required by the Chinese national 

food safety standards. Packaging materials comply with the Chinese 

policy on producer responsibility. 

Our marketing practices comply with Chinese regulations. Information 

on our food production permit number and the ingredients and 

nutritional values of each of our branded products is provided on the 

food label printed on the packaging. The labels also remind consumers 

to dispose the used packaging appropriately.  

In addition, a dedicated customer support services 

hotline is available and prominently printed on our 

product labels for us to respond on specific 

matters. Customers are also encouraged to follow 

our official account on WeChat by scanning the QR 

code printed on our labels.  

 

0 

Food safety incidents 

¥0 

Fines on contravention of food 

safety regulations 

0 

Serious incidents 

0 

Workplace injuries 

0 

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning product and 

service information and 

labeling 

0 

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning marketing 

communications 




Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

China Star Food Group Limited | 13 

 

 

 

 

 

3.4 Environmental sustainability 

Overview 

Environmental protection is fast gaining traction in China 

amongst policy makers and the public. This move caused 

a significant ripple effect across most industries, including 

the food manufacturing industry. As one of the leading 

players in the sweet potato snacks industry in China, we 

are committed to ensuring our full compliance with national 

environmental regulations.  

Comprehensive policies are developed to ensure our 

commitment towards environmental protection, reducing 

carbon emissions, preventing pollution, and minimising 

waste can be achieved during our daily operations.  

Environmental policy in China 

Environmental policy in China is set by the National People's Congress 

and managed by the Ministry of Environmental Protection of the 

People's Republic of China. The central government issues strict 

regulations for which the actual monitoring and enforcement is largely 

undertaken by the local governments. 

In January 2015, a new environmental law came into effect, covering 

land, water and air pollution. It contains strict penalties, including 

seizing of the property of illegal polluters, with company executives 

subject to prison sentences of 15 days. There is no upper limit on 

fines. More than 300 different groups will be able to sue on the 

behalf of people harmed by pollution. 

As a direct result the new pollution requirements, we halted our 

production from January to September 2017 under the general 

directive of the local government due to the delay in completion of 

Liancheng county’s centralised water treatment plant. 

Since October 2017, the Group is able to partially resume 

production at the Zilaohu factory at a lower capacity following the 

interim measures in relation to waste water disposal and treatment 

arrangement put in place by local authorities. The Group has been 

informed that Liancheng county’s centralised water treatment plant 

is only expected to commence operations in early 2019.  

We look forward to the completion of the water treatment plant to 

ramp up production levels and seek to continue to comply with 

China’s environmental policy in our operations. 

 

 

0 

Environmental incidents 

¥0 

Fines on contravention of 

environmental regulations 




Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

China Star Food Group Limited | 14 

 

 

 

 

 

Emissions reduction 

The corporate culture of protecting the environment is reflected in every 

operation undertaken by the Group. 

We are committed to positive action on climate change and are 

dedicated to reducing the carbon emission in our daily operations. 

Employees are reminded to save electricity and fuel consumption 

through regular internal communications.  

To determine the carbon footprint, we collect energy usage data from 

each our businesses and then calculate our total annual greenhouse 

gas emissions.  

In FY2018, the Group generated a carbon footprint of 2,342.66 tonnes 

of carbon dioxide emission (tCO2e) with a carbon emission intensity of 

10.5 tCO2e per million yuan of revenue. The emission mainly arises 

from purchased electricity used in the production process, which 

accounted for more than 98% of the total carbon emission of the Group. 

 

We follow the Greenhouse Gas Protocol established by the World 

Resources Institute and the World Business Council for Sustainable 

Development, the standard manual for measuring corporate 

greenhouse gas emissions. Using the “control method”, we include 

100% of the emissions associated with businesses which we directly 

control. Our carbon footprint includes:  

• 

All fuels used directly by our companies (Scope 1 emissions) 

• 

All purchased electricity used in our facilities (Scope 2 

emissions) 

• 

Impact of business air travel (optional Scope 3 emissions) 

We will continue to monitor the performance on carbon emission 

reduction. Progress and performance on the reduction of carbon 

emission will be reported in the following year.  

10.5tCO2e 

Carbon emission intensity per 

million yuan of revenue 




Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

China Star Food Group Limited | 15 

 

 

 

 

 

Energy efficiency 

Buildings and factories are energy-intensive structures and electricity 

often constitutes a significant proportion of operating expenses. By 

investing in energy efficiency, we not only help protect the environment 

but can also lower our financial costs. 

The Group’s electricity consumption came from regular operations of 

the office and factory. In FY2018, the total electricity consumption 

intensity of the Group is 13.4 MWh per million yuan of revenue.  

The Group utilised electricity-saving light bulbs at its office building as 

well as educated its employees about energy conservation and 

emission reductions. To ensure the effective use of electricity, the 

Group conducted the following practices: 

• 

Turn off lights, computers and air conditioning system before 

clocking out  

• 

Place energy saving reminder labels next to switches  

• 

Clean office equipment (such as refrigerator, air-conditioner) 

regularly to maintain high efficiency  

• 

Use energy saving equipment  

• 

Set temperature of air conditioners to 25˚C 

The Group established policies and procedures to reduce energy 

consumption in the office and factory, to assess the energy efficiency, 

to increase the use of clean energy, if possible, to set applicable targets 

to monitor energy consumption, and to ensure power is turned off when 

electrical appliances are not in use. 

Saving water 

Water scarcity is a growing concern around the world and a serious 

global challenge that we must work together to address. This is even a 

greater concern to us, given that water is also an essential input in the 

food industry, from cleaning and sanitation to manufacturing.  

In FY2018, the Group had a water consumption intensity of 769 m3 per 

million yuan of revenue. Where possible, the Group already has 

procedures in place to reduce water usage in our production lines. Our 

employees are also reminded of the importance to save water in their 

daily activities. 

We will continue to monitor the performance on the water consumption 

reduction. Progress and performance on the reduction on water 

consumption will be reported in the following year.  

Waste and wastewater management 

Waste materials from our production activities are separated for proper 

handling and disposal through proper channels. The amount of waste 

materials disposed is currently not measured. 

Wastewater treatment and disposal is handled entirely by Liancheng 

county’s centralised water treatment plant on the Group’s behalf. 

Greywater from the factory’s operations are directly piped to the water 

treatment plant through the factory’s sewage system. 

As a result, the treated wastewater discharge will be able to meet the 

requirements of the water emission standard of the Fujian Province. 

We seek to continue to ensure that 100% of our wastewater discharge 

meet the local emission standards in the coming year. 

13.4MWh 

Electricity consumption 

intensity per million yuan of 

revenue 

769m3 

Water consumption intensity 

per million yuan of revenue 

100% 

Wastewater discharge that 

meets local emission 

standards 


Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

China Star Food Group Limited | 16 

 

 

 

 

 

3.5 Social contribution 

Overview 

Employees are the integral part of our competitive 

advantage and our sustainability agenda. We strive to 

invest in training and create an enjoyable working 

environment to our employees. Our human resources team 

develops, evolves and champions our human ‘capital’ 

through 

training, 

evaluation, 

remuneration, 

and 

engagement.  

Through our people, we are also committed in making 

positive contributions to our community by giving back to 

the society and helping the less privileged. 

Employee redundancy 

Due to the new pollution requirements, and coupled with the delay 

in completion of Liancheng county’s centralised water treatment 

plant, we halted our production from January to September 2017 

under the general directive of the local government. 

As a result, during the same period, we had no choice but to terminate 

the employment of more than 400 staff in Zixin. We have compensated 

these employees accordingly based on the requirements of the 

Chinese Labour Law. 

Upon recommencement of production in October 2017, priority was 

given to recruit these former employees should they choose to join us 

again. We wish to thank these employees for their loyalty to the Group. 

Skills competency and employee training 

To ensure that our employee excel, we emphasise on continuous 

learning in the workplace. Every employee has equal opportunities to 

upgrade and sharpen their skill sets through formal and on-the-job 

internal training programs. 

The Company also emphasises on internal leadership development, 

and places great importance on developing a network of new-

generation leaders who would play an important role in driving the 

business in the future. 

In FY2018, the Group invested an average of 14 hours of training on 

each employee. We seek to continue this practice in the coming year. 

 

14 

Training hours per staff 


Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

China Star Food Group Limited | 17 

 

 

 

 

 

Performance appraisal 

To ensure the Company achieves its goals, we have various 

performance appraisal methods in place to determine the performance 

of the Company as well as each individual employee.  

The employee performance appraisal comprises mainly quantifiable 

evaluation criteria. In addition, we actively collects performance 

information for each employee each month through inputs from direct 

supervisors and feedbacks, as well as periodical employee 

communication sessions.  

These collected information allow us to understand the performance 

and skills development needs of each team and individual employee 

from multiple aspects. This is crucial for the Company to develop 

annual training programs for employees that are designed to enhance 

their skills and improve overall productivity.  

In FY2018, all of our employees are at least subject to an annual 

performance appraisal by their superiors. We seek to continue this 

practice in the coming year. 

Equal opportunity 

We have always been an equal opportunity employer to provide a fair 

workplace for employees, following the principles of equality and non-

discrimination. Recruitment, remuneration, promotion, and benefits are 

required to be handled based on objective assessment, equal 

opportunity and non-discrimination regardless of gender, race, marital 

status, pregnancy, disability, age or family status.  

We attract talent through fair, and flexible recruitment strategy that 

includes recruitment application, job description, job applications, 

interview, selection, approval, and job offer. Promotion is based on 

performance and suitability.  

We offer competitive remuneration to attract and retain talented staff 

members. Remuneration packages (which includes the necessary 

social benefits) are reviewed periodically to ensure consistency with 

employment market. Dismissal also complies with employment laws 

and regulations relating to non-discrimination. 

In 2017, female employees comprise 66% of our entire workforce, with 

female representation in management at 14%. 

Encouraging work-life balance 

To enhance employee teamwork and cohesion, improve employee 

health and improve employee work-life balance, the Group has been 

organising periodic employee gatherings during major festivals and 

sports competitions. This helps the employees relax their mind and 

body, develop teamwork, explore their talent, so as to develop a 

positive attitude in both work and life. 

Community initiatives 

In FY2018, our Group made cash donations totaling ¥50,000 to two 

local schools to fund their Children’s Day activities.  

We also awarded ¥120,000 in bursaries to three promising local 

candidates to fund their university education. We strongly believe that 

education opens the door to a brighter future and we hope every 

student has the opportunity to achieve their fullest potential. 

The Group will continue to invest in the above and other initiatives 

supporting educational causes. 

100% 

Employees subject to regular 

performance appraisal 

66% 

Female representation in 

workforce 

14% 

Female representation in 

management 

¥170k 

Social contributions made to 

the local community 

3 

University bursaries awarded 

 


Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

China Star Food Group Limited | 18 

 

 

 

 

 

Appendix A: Sustainability scorecard 

Economic contribution 

Performance indicators 

Units 

FY2018 

Total revenue 

¥’million 

221 

Number of technology patents (since 2014) 

Number 

7 

Number of invention patents (since 2014) 

Number 

2 

Purchases from local suppliers 

% 

70 

Food safety 

Performance indicators 

Units 

FY2018 

Food safety incidents 

Number 

0 

Fines on contravention of food safety regulations 

¥’000 

0 

Serious incidents 

Number 

0 

Workplace injuries 

Number 

0 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service 

information and labeling 

Number 

0 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing communications 

Number 

0 

Environmental sustainability 

Performance indicators 

Units 

FY2018 

Environmental incidents 

Number 

0 

Fines on contravention of environmental regulations 

¥’000 

0 

Total carbon footprint 

tCO2e 

2,342.66 

Carbon emission intensity 

tCO2e/¥’million 

10.5 

Electricity consumption intensity 

MWh/¥’million 

13.4 

Water consumption intensity 

m3/¥’million 

769 

Wastewater discharge that meets local emission standards 

Percentage 

100 

Social contribution 

Performance indicators 

Units 

FY2018 

Training hours per staff 

Hours 

14 

Employees subject to regular performance appraisal 

Percentage 

100 

Female representation in workforce 

Percentage 

66 

Female representation in management 

Percentage 

14 

Social contributions made to the local community 

¥’000 

170 

University bursaries awarded 

Number 

3 

 


Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

China Star Food Group Limited | 19 

 

 

 

 

 

Appendix B: GRI content index 

GRI Standards Content Index 

The GRI Content Index references the China Star Food Group Limited Sustainability Report 2018 (SR), and 

the Annual Report 2018 (AR). 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

GRI 102: General disclosures 

Organisational profile 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

• AR: Corporate Profile (Page 3) 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, 

and services 

• AR: Corporate Profile (Page 3) 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

• AR: Corporate Profile (Page 3) 

102-4 

Location of operations 

• AR: Corporate Profile (Page 3) 

• AR: Investments in Subsidiaries – Note 16 to the 

Financial Statements (Pages 92-94) 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

• AR: General – Note 1 to the Financial Statements 

(Page 68) 

102-6 

Markets served 

• AR: Business and Financial Review (Pages 13-16) 

• AR: Financial Information by Segment – Note 4 to 

the Financial Statements (Page 83) 

102-7 

Scale of organisation 

• AR: Corporate Profile (Page 3) 

• AR: Financial Information by Segment – Note 4 to 

the Financial Statements (Page 83) 

102-8 

Information on employees 

and other workers 

• SR: Social Contribution (Pages 16-17) 

102-9 

Supply chain 

• SR: Economic Contribution (Pages 9-11) 

102-10 

Significant changes to the 

organisation and its supply 

chain 

• AR: Corporate Profile (Page 3) 

• AR: Our Quality Products (Pages 4-7) 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or 

approach 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 26-52) 

102-12 

External initiatives 

• Not applicable 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

• Not applicable 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior 

decision-maker 

• AR: Chairman’s Statement (Pages 8-12) 

102-15 

Key impacts, risks, and 

opportunities 

• AR: Business and Financial Review (Pages 13-16) 

• AR: Independent Auditor’s Report (Pages 59-62) 

Ethics and integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, 

standards, and norms of 

behavior 

• SR: Sustainability Strategy (Page 5) 

102-17 

Mechanisms for advice and 

concerns about ethics 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 26-52) 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 26-52) 

102-19 

Delegating authority 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 26-52) 

102-20 

Executive-level responsibility 

for economic, 

environmental, and social 

topics 

• SR: Sustainability Organisational Structure (Page 4) 

102-21 

Consulting stakeholders on 

economic, environmental, 

and social topics 

• SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 6) 

102-22 

Composition of the highest 

governance body and its 

committees 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 26-52) 


Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

China Star Food Group Limited | 20 

 

 

 

 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

102-23 

Chair of the highest 

governance body 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 26-52) 

102-24 

Nominating and selecting 

the highest governance 

body 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 26-52) 

102-25 

Conflicts of interest 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 26-52) 

• AR: Directors’ Statement (Pages 41-44) 

• SR: Sustainability Strategy (Page 5) 

102-26 

Role of highest governance 

body in setting purpose, 

values, and strategy 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 26-52) 

102-27 

Collective knowledge of 

highest governance body 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 26-52) 

102-28 

Evaluating the highest 

governance body’s 

performance 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 26-52) 

102-29 

Identifying and managing 

economic, environmental, 

and social impacts 

• SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 7) 

102-30 

Effectiveness of risk 

management processes 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 26-52) 

102-31 

Review of economic, 

environmental, and social 

topics 

• SR: Sustainability Report (Pages 1-25) 

102-32 

Highest governance body’s 

role in sustainability reporting 

• SR: Sustainability Organisational Structure (Page 4) 

102-33 

Communicating critical 

concerns 

• SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 7) 

102-34 

Nature and total number of 

critical concerns 

• SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 7) 

102-35 

Remuneration policies 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 26-52) 

102-36 

Process for determining 

remuneration 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 26-52) 

102-37 

Stakeholders’ involvement in 

remuneration 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 26-52) 

102-38 

Annual total compensation 

ratio 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 26-52) 

102-39 

Percentage increase in 

annual total compensation 

ratio 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 26-52) 

Stakeholder engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

• SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 6) 

102-41 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

• Not applicable 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

• SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 6) 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

• SR: Sustainability Strategy (Page 5) 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns 

raised 

• SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 6) 

Reporting practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

• AR: Investments in Subsidiaries – Note 16 to the 

Financial Statements (Pages 92-94) 

102-46 

Defining report content and 

topic Boundaries 

• SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 7) 

102-47 

List of material topics 

• SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 7) 


Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

China Star Food Group Limited | 21 

 

 

 

 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

• Not applicable 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

• Not applicable 

102-50 

Reporting period 

• SR: Scope of Sustainability Report (Page 3) 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

• Not applicable 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

• Annual 

102-53 

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report 

• SR: Scope of Sustainability Report (Page 3) 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

• SR: Scope of Sustainability Report (Page 3) 

102-55 

GRI content index 

• SR: GRI Content Index (Pages 19-25) 

102-56 

External assurance 

• No external assurance 

GRI 200: Economic disclosures 

Economic performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value 

generated and distributed 

• AR: Financial Highlights (Pages 17-19) 

201-2 

Financial implications and 

other risks and opportunities 

due to climate change 

• Not applicable 

201-3 

Defined benefit plan 

obligations and other 

retirement plans 

• Not applicable 

201-4 

Financial assistance 

received from government 

• Not applicable 

Market presence 

202-1 

Ratios of standard entry 

level wage by gender 

compared to local minimum 

wage 

• Not applicable 

202-2 

Proportion of senior 

management hired from 

local community 

• Not applicable 

Indirect economic 

impacts 

203-1 

Infrastructure investments 

and services supported 

• Not applicable 

203-2 

Significant indirect economic 

impacts 

• Not applicable 

Procurement practices 

204-1 

Proportion of spending on 

local suppliers 

• SR: Economic Contribution (Pages 9-11) 

Anti-corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for 

risks related to corruption 

• Not applicable 

205-2 

Communication and training 

about anti-corruption policies 

and procedures 

• Not applicable 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of 

corruption and actions taken 

• There is no incidences of corruption. 

Anti-competitive behavior 

206-1 

Legal actions for anti-

competitive behavior, anti-

trust, and monopoly 

practices 

• There is no legal actions for anti-competition. 

GRI 300: Environment disclosures 

Materials 

301-1 

Materials used by weight or 

volume 

• Not applicable 

301-2 

Recycled input materials 

used 

• Not applicable 

301-3 

Reclaimed products and 

their packaging materials 

• Not applicable 


Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

China Star Food Group Limited | 22 

 

 

 

 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

Energy 

302-1 

Energy consumption within 

the organisation 

• SR: Environmental Sustainability (Pages 13-15) 

302-2 

Energy consumption outside 

of the organisation 

• Not applicable 

302-3 

Energy intensity 

• Not applicable 

302-4 

Reduction of energy 

consumption 

• Not applicable 

302-5 

Reductions in energy 

requirements of products 

and services 

• Not applicable 

Water 

303-1 

Water withdrawal by source 

• SR: Environmental Sustainability (Pages 13-15) 

303-2 

Water sources significantly 

affected by withdrawal of 

water 

• Not applicable 

303-3 

Water recycled and reused 

• Not applicable 

Biodiversity 

304-1 

Operational sites owned, 

leased, managed in, or 

adjacent to, protected areas 

and areas of high 

biodiversity value outside 

protected areas 

• Not applicable 

304-2 

Significant impacts of 

activities, products, and 

services on biodiversity 

• Not applicable 

304-3 

Habitats protected or 

restored 

• Not applicable 

304-4 

IUCN Red List species and 

national conservation list 

species with habitats in 

areas affected by operations 

• Not applicable 

Emissions 

305-1 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG 

emissions 

• SR: Environmental Sustainability (Pages 13-15) 

305-2 

Energy indirect (Scope 2) 

GHG emissions 

• SR: Environmental Sustainability (Pages 13-15) 

305-3 

Other indirect (Scope 3) 

GHG emissions 

• SR: Environmental Sustainability (Pages 13-15) 

305-4 

GHG emissions intensity 

• SR: Environmental Sustainability (Pages 13-15) 

• SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 18) 

305-5 

Reduction of GHG 

emissions 

• Not applicable 

305-6 

Emissions of ozone-

depleting substances (ODS) 

• Not applicable 

305-7 

Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulfur 

oxides (SOX), and other 

significant air emissions 

• Not applicable 

Effluents and waste 

306-1 

Water discharge by quality 

and destination 

• SR: Environmental Sustainability (Pages 13-15) 

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal 

method 

• SR: Environmental Sustainability (Pages 13-15) 

306-3 

Significant spills 

• Not applicable 

306-4 

Transport of hazardous 

waste 

• Not applicable 

306-5 

Water bodies affected by 

water discharges and/or 

runoff 

• Not applicable 


Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

China Star Food Group Limited | 23 

 

 

 

 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

Laws and regulations 

307-1 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

• There is no non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations. 

Supplier environmental 

assessments 

308-1 

New suppliers that were 

screened using 

environmental criteria 

• Not applicable 

GRI 400: Social disclosures 

Employment 

401-1 

New employee hires and 

employee turnover 

• SR: Social Contribution (Pages 16-17) 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full-time 

employees that are not 

provided to temporary or 

part-time employees 

• Not applicable 

401-3 

Parental leave 

• Not applicable 

Labor / management 

relations 

402-1 

Minimum notice periods 

regarding operational 

changes 

• Not applicable 

Occupational health and 

safety 

403-1 

Workers representation in 

formal joint management–

worker health and safety 

committees 

• Not applicable 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of 

injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of 

work-related fatalities 

• SR: Food Safety (Page 12) 

• SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 18) 

403-3 

Workers with high incidence 

or high risk of diseases 

related to their occupation 

• Not applicable 

403-4 

Health and safety topics 

covered in formal 

agreements with trade 

unions 

• Not applicable 

Training and education 

404-1 

Average hours of training 

per year per employee 

• SR: Social Contribution (Pages 16-17) 

• SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 18) 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading 

employee skills and 

transition assistance 

programs 

• SR: Social Contribution (Pages 16-17) 

404-3 

Percentage of employees 

receiving regular 

performance and career 

development reviews 

• SR: Social Contribution (Pages 16-17) 

Diversity and equal 

opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance 

bodies and employees 

• SR: Social Contribution (Pages 16-17) 

405-2 

Ratio of basic salary and 

remuneration of women to 

men 

• Not applicable 

Non-discrimination 

406-1 

Incidents of discrimination 

and corrective actions taken 

• There is no incidents of discrimination. 

Freedom of association 

and collective bargaining 

407-1 

Operations and suppliers in 

which the right to freedom of 

association and collective 

bargaining may be at risk 

• Not applicable 

Child labor 

408-1 

Operations and suppliers at 

significant risk for incidents 

of child labor 

• Child labour is strictly prohibited. 


Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

China Star Food Group Limited | 24 

 

 

 

 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

Forced or compulsory 

labor 

409-1 

Operations and suppliers at 

significant risk for incidents 

of forced or compulsory 

labor 

• Forced and compulsory labour is strictly prohibited. 

Security practices 

410-1 

Security personnel trained in 

human rights policies or 

procedures 

• Not applicable 

Rights of indigenous 

peoples 

411-1 

Incidents of violations 

involving rights of indigenous 

peoples 

• Not applicable 

Human rights 

assessment 

412-1 

Operations that have been 

subject to human rights 

reviews or impact 

assessments 

• Not applicable 

412-2 

Employee training on human 

rights policies or procedures 

• Not applicable 

412-3 

Significant investment 

agreements and contracts 

that include human rights 

clauses or that underwent 

human rights screening 

• Not applicable 

Local communities 

413-1 

Operations with local 

community engagement, 

impact assessments, and 

development programs 

• SR: Social Contribution (Pages 16-17) 

413-2 

Operations with significant 

actual and potential negative 

impacts on local 

communities 

• Not applicable 

Supplier social 

assessment 

414-1 

New suppliers that were 

screened using social criteria 

• Not applicable 

414-2 

Negative social impacts in 

the supply chain and actions 

taken 

• Not applicable 

Public policy 

415-1 

Political contributions 

• Not applicable 

Customer health and 

safety 

416-1 

Assessment of the health 

and safety impacts of 

product and service 

categories 

• SR: Food Safety (Page 12) 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning the health and 

safety impacts of products 

and services 

• SR: Food Safety (Page 12) 

Marketing and labelling 

417-1 

Requirements for product 

and service information and 

labeling 

• SR: Food Safety (Page 12) 

417-2 

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning product and 

service information and 

labeling 

• SR: Food Safety (Page 12) 

417-3 

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning marketing 

communications 

• SR: Food Safety (Page 12) 

Customer privacy 

418-1 

Substantiated complaints 

concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses 

of customer data 

• Not applicable 


Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2018 

China Star Food Group Limited | 25 

 

 

 

 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

Socioeconomic 

compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws 

and regulations in the social 

and economic area 

• There is no non-compliance with socioeconomic 

laws and regulations. 

 

