
Cover Page 

 

Sustainability Report FY2019 

CHINA HAIDA LTD. 

[Passion for excellence] 


Contents 

1 

About this Report ................................................................................................................. 1 

2 

Independent Director Statement ......................................................................................... 2 

3 

Overview of the Group ........................................................................................................ 4 

4 

Sustainability Approach ...................................................................................................... 8 

5 

Identifying Material ESG Factors ........................................................................................ 9 

6 

Stakeholder Engagement .................................................................................................. 11 

7 

Business Performance and Economic Aspects .............................................................. 13 

8 

Environment Management ................................................................................................ 15 

9 

Social Responsibilities ...................................................................................................... 16 

GRI Content Index ..................................................................................................................... 20 


1 

 

 

1 

About this Report 

China Haida Ltd. (“China Haida” or the “Company”, and together with its subsidiary, the “Group”) is 

pleased to present the sustainability report covering the Group’s sustainability efforts in the financial 

year ended 31 December 2019 (“FY2019”). This report is set out on a “comply or explain” basis in 

accordance with Listing Rule 711B and Practice Note 7.6 Sustainability Reporting Guide of the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”). 

 

As a leading manufacturer of aluminium panels in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), the 

Group is aware that our operations may have an impact on the environment and society. Hence, the 

Group is striving to ensure its business operations are conducted in a sustainable and responsible 

manner. 

 

Reporting Period and Scope 

This sustainability report provides an overview of the Group’s sustainability performance as well as its 

strategies and practices, while highlighting the economic, environmental, and social impact of the 

Company’s activities and developments. Further information on corporate governance, which is part of 

our sustainability, can be found under the section of “Corporate Governance” on page 12 to 35 of the 

Group’s FY2019 Annual Report.  

 

This sustainability report covers the group for FY2019 from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019. 

 

Reporting Process 

In each reporting cycle, the Group’s Sustainability Reporting Committee (the “SR Committee”) reviews 

the content of the report to determine its relevance to our business as well as to ensure that the current 

and emerging material issues of significance pertaining to sustainability and the interests of our 

stakeholders are addressed. The SR Committee includes the Executive Director, Chief Financial 

Officer, and the management personnel of all our business functions. 

 

GRI Guidelines 

We would like to inform our stakeholders that we are benchmarking our sustainability efforts in 

accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards. The GRI Sustainability Reporting 

Guidelines provide a globally recognised framework for companies to measure and communicate their 

environmental, economic, social and governance performance. We have prepared our report in 

accordance with the GRI Standards - Core option. 

 

Feedback 

We appreciate and value feedback from our stakeholders as it gives us the opportunity to continually 

improve our sustainability policies, processes and performance. Kindly address all feedback to the SR 

Committee at sr@haida.com.sg. Your feedback is of importance to us so that we can improve on our 

future reporting. 


2 

 

2 

Independent Director Statement 

This year marks the publication of Haida’s sustainability report for FY2019. At Haida, we recognise the 

importance of creating long-term value for our stakeholders and believe that it can be achieved through 

sustainable business practices and our commitment to be a responsible corporate citizen. 

 

The Board strives to align the Group’s policies and practices with internationally recognised standards 

in the Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) themes, thus allowing us to achieve a balance 

between financial results, social engagement and environmental initiatives whilst ensuring the strategic 

growth of the Group. 

 

The Group established an SR Committee under the guidance of the Board and conducted a formal 

materiality assessment to better manage non-financial risks such as environmental compliance, 

employment, employee health and safety and corporate governance. The SR Committee have identified 

four of the highest ranked material factors for reporting. The SR Committee reports directly to the Board, 

which has considered sustainability issues as part of its strategic formulation, determined the material 

Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) factors and overseen the management and monitoring 

of these factors. 

 

With the publication of the annual sustainability report, we would therefore like to reinforce our support 

and management of these newly prioritised matters through active engagement with senior 

management who will lead the Group’s sustainability efforts. 

 

Moving forward, we urge our stakeholders to share our commitment to sustainability and work towards 

a common goal of improving the economic, environmental and social well-being of the communities we 

operate in. 

 

MATERIAL DEVELOPMENTS 

 

The Independent Director wish to highlight that as at the date of this report, there have been material 

developments to the Company’s operation. To the best of the knowledge of the Independent Director 

and as disclosed in the Company’s SGX Announcements dated 8 April 2020, 15 April 2020, 22 April 

2020, 29 May 2020, 17 June 2020, 20 July 2020 and 13 August 2020, the material developments are 

summarised below. 

 

(1) Two current accounts of the Company’s sole and wholly-owned subsidiary, Jiangyin Litai 

Ornamental Materials Co., Ltd. (“Litai”) have been frozen for a period of 12 months with effect from 

10 March 2020 and 18 March 2020 respectively. An interim court order dated 28 November 2019 

was issued by the Sichuan Longquanyi District People’s Court pursuant to an application by one 

Zhang Kun against twelve respondents (the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, Mr Xu Youcai 

(“CEO”) and Litai are parties amongst the respondents) for the purpose of preserving the assets of 

the respondents for a sum up to RMB 14 million. The application was made in connection with a 

legal dispute over some lending/borrowing affair between the applicant and the respondents.   

 

(2) Litai was also named as co-defendant in other legal suits brought by Industrial and Commercial 

Bank of China Limited (Jiangyin Sub-Branch) and Akzo Nobel Paint (Jiaxin) Co., Ltd, the 

substantive details of such legal disputes are unavailable.  

 

(3) The Company’s Chinese legal counsel has taken the position that the CEO is prima facie connected 

to or associated with the freezing of the two bank accounts of Litai and causing Litai to be entangled 

in multiple legal suits and enforcement proceedings.  

 

(4) Based on the individual search conducted by the Company’s Chinese legal counsel on the CEO, in 

addition to being named as a co-respondent/co-defendant (as previously disclosed), the CEO has 

also been named as the sole respondent/defendant in several enforcement cases.  

 

(5) Both the CEO and Litai are also subject to several Consumption Restriction Orders (“CRO”) issued 

by the competent courts in China. A pre-condition to making such CROs is where the judgement 

debtor has failed to fulfil or satisfy his/her or its payment obligations within the period specified in 

an effective legal instrument (such as a court judgement or an enforcement order).  Where a CRO 


3 

 

is made against a judgment debtor that is an entity, the legal representative, principal, persons 

directly responsible for debt settlement, or effective controller of that entity will also be subject to 

the same restrictions on consumption as stipulated in the CRO.   

 

(6) Litai has suspended its operation in China since 31 July 2020, the employees of Litai were asked 

not to return to the office until further notice. The Singapore management team will explore all 

avenues including engaging professionals in china to verify as well as to obtain more information of 

the operation status of Litai. 

 

The CEO and non-executive chairman are not contactable prior to today. The Singapore management 

team only managed to contact the CEO today, but as the Company is required to release the 

sustainability report today, the Singapore management team was not able to obtain the confirmation 

from the CEO on the contents of this sustainability report.  

 

 

 

14 August 2020  

 

Independent Director 

Tang Chun Meng


4 

 

3 

Overview of the Group 

The Independent Director wish to highlight that as at the date of this 

report, there have been material developments to the Company’s 

operation, please refer to the Independent Director statement at page 2 

and 3.  

Corporate Profile for FY2019 

China Haida Ltd., a Singapore investment holding company was listed on the Mainboard of the SGX- 

ST since 24 November 2004. Our wholly-owned subsidiary in China, Jiangyin Litai Decorative Materials 

Co., Ltd (“Litai” and collectively, the “Group”) is a leading manufacturer of aluminium panels in the PRC. 

Litai was established in 1997 by our founder and CEO, Mr Xu Youcai and is based in Jiangyin City, 

Jiangsu Province in the PRC. Litai is capable of manufacturing a wide range of aluminium panels for 

various applications in the building and construction industries. 

 

Litai produces a wide range of Aluminium Composite Panels (“ACP”) and Aluminium Single Panels 

(“ASP”) which are sold under the renowned “Haida” brand, locally and abroad. We have successfully 

developed ACP of different colour surfaces and various finishes, which are suitable for interior and 

exterior uses. ASP which are single solid sheets of metal, are also suitable for both interior and exterior 

applications in the construction of commercial, industrial and residential buildings as well as in 

infrastructure projects. 

 

Our strengths lie in our established and reputable track record for quality products and innovation that 

have won many awards and world-class certifications. We are constantly engaged in the design and 

development of new and innovative aluminium panels as well as improving our existing range of 

aluminium panels with a view to enhance our competitiveness and provide better products to our 

customers. 

 

Our aluminium panels are currently sold through an extensive and established network in more than 

25 major provinces and cities in China. In addition, we also have an extensive overseas export 

network in more than 20 countries including North and South America, Asia Pacific and Europe. 

 

Vision 

Haida strives to be considered as the leading manufacturer of aluminium panels. 

 

Mission 

Haida enhances the strength and trust in our brand name through safe and reliable products. 

 

Corporate Strength 

Over the years, to achieve our vision and mission, we have developed and will continue to enhance 

our strength. 

 

• 

A good track record and reputation in the industry 

We have established a good track record and reputation in the industry by consistently delivering 

quality products and providing quality support services to our customers. We have been involved 

in many high-profile projects including, amongst others, the construction of the following. 

 

 








5 

 

Beijing 

Diaoyutai 

State 

Guesthouse (北京钓鱼台国宾馆) 

Beijing International Airport 

(北京国际机场) 

Dubai Gulf Commercial Buildings 

（迪拜海湾商业大厦） 

 

 

 

Four-season Garden Hotel of 

Nantong City 

(南通市四季花园酒店) 

 

( 

New York Walls Project 

美国纽约华尔街项目) 

 

( 

Ukraine Projects 

乌克兰项目) 

 

 

 

 

 

110 Command Centre of 

Jiangyin City 

(江阴市 110 控制中心) 

 

( 

Anshan Jingzi Street Square 辽

宁省鞍山市景子街广场) 

 

( 

Army Security College, CPLA 陆

军安全学院) 

 

 

 

 

 

Audit Office of Jilin Province 

(吉林省审计局) 

 

( 

Changchun Railway Station 

长春火车站) 

 

 

( 

Jiaozhou Municipal Government 

Building of Shandong Province 

山东省胶州市政府大楼) 

 

• 

An extensive sales network and strong marketing team 

We have an extensive and established sales network in more than 25 major provinces and cities in 

the PRC. We also have an extensive overseas export network in various countries including United 

Arab Emirates, India, Japan, Vietnam, Sri Lanka, Israel, Turkey, Kazakhstan, Russia, USA, Brazil, 

and Peru. In view of our extensive sales network and strong marketing team, we are well positioned 

to sell our products to a wide domestic and international market. 

 

• 

Investment in Research and Development (R&amp;D) to improve our products 

We are continuously seeking to improve the range and quality of our products. We have established 

working relationships with research institutes to research on and develop technology relating to 

Aluminium Composite Panels, Aluminium Single Panels and other related products. 

 

We have working relationships with research institutes such as the Xi'an Communication University 

(西安通讯大学), the Shanghai Fudan University (上海复旦大学) and other research institutes for the 

research on and development of these products. As a result of our efforts in research and 

development, we expect to be able to keep abreast of the changing needs and demands of our 

customers by providing them with the latest products. 




















6 

 

 

• 

An experienced management team 

We have an experienced management team led by our Chief Executive Officer, Mr Xu Youcai, who 

has over 20 years of management experience in the manufacturing industry, and has been 

instrumental in our growth as a major supplier of Aluminium Composite Panels and Aluminium 

Single Panels. Other members of our management team include our Chairman, Ms Zhao Guiying 

who has more than 20 years of experience in the aluminium manufacturing industry. Our  Directors 

are also supported and assisted by an experienced team of Executive Officers comprising Mr Zhang 

Qinyu (General Manager), Mr Wang Zaiquan (Sales &amp; Marketing Manager), Mr Gong Guohong 

(Chief Production Officer), and Mr Xu Gang (Chief Engineering Officer). 

 

Goals and Achievements 

The Group aims to continuously seek to widen the range and improve quality of our products and 

establish new working relationships with research institutes to research on and develop new technology 

to keep up with the changing needs and demands of our customers. 

 

Our subsidiary, Litai, has attained several certifications such as the following: 

 

 

 

ISO 9001 Quality Management System 

renewed in 2018. 

 

 

        ONSAS18001 Occupational Health And Safety  

        Management System Certificate in 2018 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






7 

 

 

 

ISO 14001 Environment Management System 

in 2018. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Received new Certificate for Quality Management System issued on 6 Feb 2018 and valid till 5 Feb 

2021. 

Received new Certificate for Environmental Management System issued on 6 Feb 2018 and valid till 5 

Feb 2021. 

 

Membership of Associations 

Aspiring to widen our exposure to industry standards and collaborate within and beyond the industry to 

improve on current sustainable practices, Litai has taken active participation in China Building 

Decoration Materials Association - Aluminium-plastic Composite Branch (中国建筑装饰材料铝塑复合

分会) and Shanghai Decoration and Curtain Wall Association) (上海装饰装修幕墙协会). 

 

 

 

 




8 

 

4 

Sustainability Approach 

The Independent Director wish to highlight that as at the date of this 

report, there have been material developments to the Company’s 

operation, please refer to the Independent Director statement at page 2 

and 3.  

Our Approach 

The Group’s strategic approach has transformed across the years, from a classical economic-based 

strategy to a sustainability-oriented approach. This approach encompasses balancing holistic goals of 

economic, environmental and social perspectives with our commitment to actively engage stakeholders 

throughout the value-delivery process; our sustainability approach extends beyond meeting stakeholder 

requirements to enhancing stakeholder participation in our chain of sustainable value creation. 

 

Recognising key challenges and risks involved in sustainable development under the backdrop of our 

competitive industry, we have established a SR Committee to balance our sustainable goals with our 

dedication to delivering quality products and services to our stakeholders. 

 

Committee Structure 

The SR Committee is headed by the Executive Director, Mr Guo Yun (who has resigned on 15 January 

2020), and formed by the senior management from critical business functions, such as finance, 

operations, human resources and procurement under its subsidiary. The focus of the SR Committee 

lies in the areas of formulating, implementing and reviewing the Group’s sustainable policies and 

practices, sustainability development programs and initiatives. Periodical reviews are made to ensure 

the effective implementation and engagement of the Group as a whole and in line with the Group’s 

strategic developments. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


9 

 

5 

Identifying Material ESG Factors 

The Independent Director wish to highlight that as at the date of this 

report, there have been material developments to the Company’s 

operation, please refer to the Independent Director statement at page 2 

and 3.  

A robust process was undertaken to identify and prioritise the Group’s material Environment, Social and 

Governance (“ESG”) issues. The Group engaged a team of external sustainability consultants to assist 

the Group’s SR Committee in identifying and prioritizing issues that are most material and relevant to 

the Group and its stakeholders. These issues are then linked to the overall strategy management and 

corporate social responsibility. The ESG Materiality Assessment was performed with the facilitation of 

the team of external consultants, where each ESG factor in the GRI ESG universe was thereafter ranked 

by the SR Committee members according to the influence on stakeholders’ decisions and significance 

of environmental and social impacts. Subsequently, a reporting plan on the identified GRI factors has 

been established based on the aggregated assessment results. 

 

The SR Committee has identified the following material ESG factors for FY 2019: 

 

• 

GRI 201 – Economic Performance 

• 

GRI 307 – Environmental Compliance 

• 

GRI 401 – Employment 


10 

 

Material ESG Factor Summary 

 

Focus 

Impact to Stakeholders 

FY2019 Performance 

Commitments &amp; Targets 

 

 

Economic 

Performance 

 

 

Financial performance is one of the key 

factors which affects our investors’ and 

shareholders’ confidence level. 

• 

Lower turnover during the year due to US-

China tariffs and trade tensions, and also 

the slowdown in global economies. 

• 

Domestic demand was close to FY2018 

but export sales of panels were much 

lower. 

• 

Sales of grade A fireproof aluminum 

composite panels contributed to the higher 

gross margins in FY2019. 

• 

Deliver the grade A fireproof aluminum 

composite panels to the markets in 2019 

• 

Keep 

strengthening 

our 

financial 

performances 

• 

Strive to reduce current administration 

and operating expenses 

 

Environmental 

Compliance 

Non-compliance with the People Republic 

of 

China 

(the 

“PRC”)’s 

and 

local 

government’s environmental rules and 

regulations will result in fines and 

disciplinary actions. 

• 

Full compliance with the PRC’s and local 

government’s environmental rules and 

regulations 

• 

Maintain full compliance with PRC’s and 

local government’s environmental rules 

and regulations 

 

 

 

 

Employment 

 

 

Fair 

and 

merit-based 

employment 

practices are important to our employees, 

investors, regulators, and community as 

they affect our ability to attract, retain and 

develop local talents under the direct hire 

of the Group’s offices and operations. 

• 

Same 

salary 

and 

benefit 

structure 

regardless of gender and domicile 

• 

Sustainable attrition rate 

• 

No change in key management personnel 

• 

Training courses and programs relevant to 

individual’s job scope are sponsored by 

the Group 

• 

Internal transfer opportunities for staff to 

unleash their potentials in posts that may 

be more suitable for them 

• 

Review employee benefits and improve 

on talent retention 

• 

Internal and external training courses 

relevant to the job scopes of staff 

• 

Introduce and promote work life balance. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


11 

6 

Stakeholder Engagement 

The Independent Director wish to highlight that as at the date of this report, 

there have been material developments to the Company’s operation, 

please refer to the Independent Director statement at page 2 and 3. 

A great collaboration with stakeholders supports us in addressing sustainability challenges. We 

continue to promote ongoing communication and active engagement with our stakeholders. We 

incorporate their feedback into our planning and actions where appropriate and relevant to our 

businesses. Their feedback has helped us strengthening the relevance of our reporting and approach 

to managing Haida’s material issues. 

 

In identifying the key groups of stakeholders, we assessed the level of significance of the stakeholders’ 

interests in sustainability issues, the potential impact and influence of these stakeholders on the Group’s 

businesses and operations. 

 

The following five key stakeholder groups have been identified: 

 

i. 

Our Employees 

 

ii. 

Our Customers 

 

iii. 

Our Shareholders and Investors 

 

iv. 

Our Business Partners 

 

v. 

Our Community 

 

The potential impact and significance of these stakeholders on the Group’s businesses and operations, 

key issues of each stakeholder and our ways of engaging each of them are summarised below: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


12 

 

Stakeholder Engagement Summary 

 

Stakeholder 

Impact and Significance 

Key Issues 

Engagement Platforms 

Employees 

Our employees are part of our human capital 

whose 

competencies 

and 

well-being 

are 

fundamental 

to 

the 

Group’s 

operational 

effectiveness. 

• 

Talent retention and attraction 

• 

Employee safety and well-being 

• 

Training and development opportunities 

• 

Efforts to promote work-life balance 

• 

Remuneration and benefits 

• 

Employee welfare and well-being 

• 

Employee volunteerism 

• 

Regular staff dialogue sessions 

• 

Training programs and courses 

• 

Safety briefings and courses 

• 

Festival celebrations and gifts as token of 

appreciation 

Customers 

and End 

Customers 

Maximising 

our 

customers’ 

satisfaction, 

understanding 

our 

customers’ 

needs 

and 

expectations 

and 

building 

long 

lasting 

relationships with our customers are of great 

importance to us in improving our economic 

performance. 

• 

Customer satisfaction and experience 

• 

Quality products and services 

• 

Environmental conservation 

• 

Communication 

• 

Full compliance with the PRC’s and local 

government’s environmental rules and 

regulations 

• 

Regular site visits to customers’ business 

premises 

• 

Face-to-face meetings 

• 

Customer satisfaction survey 

Shareholders 

and Investors 

Shareholders and Investors play an important role 

in the financing, operations, governance and 

growth aspects of a business. 

• 

Financial stability 

• 

Long-term growth plans 

• 

Market diversification 

• 

Risk management 

• 

Corporate governance 

• 

Sustainability efforts 

• 

Haida’ company website 

• 

Half-yearly 

financial 

results 

announcements 

• 

Annual reports 

• 

Annual General Meeting 

• 

Extraordinary General Meeting, where 

necessary 

Business 

Partners 

Close 

partnership 

with 

suppliers 

and 

subcontractors in our value chain helps us to 

ensure that all our operations are carried out in 

line 

with 

industry 

leading 

practices 

and 

sustainability efforts. 

• 

Quality assurance 

• 

Certifications 

• 

Supply chain management 

• 

Occupational health and safety practices 

• 

Supplier's Code of Conduct 

• 

Regular supplier visits / meetings 

• 

Annual performance evaluation 

• 

Safety briefings and courses 

Community 

Being a responsible corporate citizen to the 

society, environment and the people around us is 

important as it can attract positive publicity, help 

to attract and retain good employees, and improve 

relationship with customers and their 

communities. 

• 

Doing our part as a responsible corporate 

citizen 

• 

Volunteering and charitable events 

 

 

 


13 

 

7 

Business Performance and Economic Aspects 

The Independent Director wish to highlight that as at the date of this 

report, there have been material developments to the Company’s 

operation, please refer to the Independent Director statement at page 2 

and 3.  

Financial Overview 

Global uncertainty and economic slowdown and coupled with the trade tension and tariffs between 

China and the United States of America, the sale of our aluminium panels have continued to decline. 

For FY2019, the Group achieved total revenue of RMB207.8 million, a decrease of approximately 

RMB21.1 million or 9.2% as compared to FY2018 revenue of RMB228.9 million. The decrease was 

attributed mainly to lower demand of export sales of aluminium panels while sales within the PRC 

remained comparable. With lower revenue, the Group registered a net loss after taxation of 

approximately RMB51.9 million as compared to a net loss after taxation of RMB21.7 million in FY2018. 

The net loss was attributed mainly to the net impairment loss on financial assets of RM48.3 million. 

 

Commitment to Sustainable Operations 

Product innovation and development has been the key to our success and we remained committed to 

investing time and resources to research and develop new products. We have added new panels of 

varied types, colours, features to enhance our existing range to cater to customers’ demands and 

specifications. In addition, we have developed and launched the fireproof aluminium panels in 2018. 

We will continuously strive to ensure that the high-quality standards of our ‘Haida’ aluminium panels are 

maintained. 

 

We are committed to improve and enhance our production processes and more efficient utilisation of 

resources. The Group is always committed to nurturing and developing its employees through skills 

training as it recognises that people are the key to the success of a sustainable operation. 

 

Business Outlook and COVID-19 

Economic slowdown and uncertainty within the PRC and the global markets had continued in FY2019.   

We were constantly challenged with keen competition, falling selling prices which affected the demand 

of panels from the overseas customers. The situation was further aggravated with the on-going trade 

war between China and the USA which had affected the demand of our panels especially in the 

overseas market. 

 

At the beginning of 2020, we have been plagued by the outbreak of COVID-19 in China and since late 

January 2020, Litai has stopped operations due to the lockdown and travel restrictions implemented by 

the PRC government.  

 

COVID-19 will therefore have an adverse impact on the Group’s operations and trading results, the extent 

of which will depend on how long the outbreak lasts. Should the situation persist for a protracted period, 

the risk to the Company could include lower revenue and gross margins affected by travel restrictions 

and lock down measures, delay or default in payment by customers affecting operating cash flows, and 

fall in value of financial and non-financial assets. Group has to focus on survival to resume its operations 

and will continue to manage its operating costs, improve and innovate to improve quality of panels and 

look into areas of automation of more processes to increase productivity and efficiency.  

 

Although the lockdown has been lifted and travel restrictions in China has somewhat been eased, for 

reasons as disclosed in the Independent Director Statement at page 2 of 3 of this report, Litai has not 

resumed operations at the date of this report. 

 

Meanwhile, we will remain vigilant on internal cost control, cash collection, cash management and will 

continue to safeguard the assets of the Group. The Group will continue to strive to be responsible to 

our shareholder and be operationally ready to meet the many challenges and opportunities in the future. 


14 

 

Direct Economic Value Distributed 

 

It is of utmost importance to create wealth for our stakeholders, to the best of our abilities. Hence, we 

strive to drive operational and financial improvements constantly. 

 

The following table provides a summary of economic value distributed in FY2019 based on GRI’s 

disclosure categories: 

 

FY2019 

RMB’000 

Operating costs 

189,037 

Employees compensation and benefits 

35,681 

Payment to government 

360 

Total Economic Value Distributed 

225,018 

 

Defined Benefit Plan, Obligations and Other Retirement Plans 

The Group makes monthly contributions to the employees’ compulsory saving / retirement plans, as 

mandated by the local government in different jurisdictions. The fund is a social security system that 

tackles our employees’ financial concerns regarding healthcare, home ownership, family protection and 

asset enhancement. We view this scheme as a good opportunity to reward our employees and relieve 

them from the burden of personal finances. Contribution rates for employers vary depending on the 

country jurisdiction. As our companies are set up in Singapore and the PRC, we follow different 

schemes and their corresponding employer’s contribution rates: 

• 

Singapore – Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) 

• 

The PR – Five social insurance and one housing fund (“五险一金”) 

 

Financial Assistance Received from Government 

The Group has obtained a total of RMB425,000 of government subsidies for promoting its export 

businesses overseas (江阴市财政国库集中支付中心 - 国际贸易补贴款) and incentive for supporting local 

charitable organization (江阴市华士镇财政所 - 慈善返回款) in FY2019. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


15 

 

8 

Environment Management 

The Independent Director wish to highlight that as at the date of this report, 

there have been material developments to the Company’s operation, please 

refer to the Independent Director statement at page 2 and 3.  

The Group recognises that its business activities form an integral part of the environment and thus is 

committed to conserving and protecting the environment in which we operate. We strive to be a good 

corporate citizen by continually improving our environmental performance. 

 

Our environment efforts are focused on maximising materials utilisation, reducing energy consumption, 

minimising wastes, which at the same time also has positive impact on our cost management. Other 

than our operational efforts to minimise environmental impacts, we actively encourage our employees 

through casual dialogues and publications in our notice board to protect the environment by saving 

energy and reduce wastes through the bit petty thing from daily life. 

 

Usage of Materials 

The Group purchases a wide range of raw materials from its suppliers, with aluminium alloy being the 

main raw material for manufacturing ACP and ASP. Our suppliers are assessed and selected by the 

procurement team based on the quality of materials supplied, length of business relationship with the 

Group as well as their pricing, qualification, reliability and punctuality of delivery. The Group did not 

encounter any difficulties in sourcing for raw materials to meet its production requirements. 

 

As is known to all, precious metals may be exposed to price fluctuations which may in turn have a 

positive or negative impact on the Group’s production costs. Hence, the Group has made some 

arrangements by performing cash advances to some of its suppliers to meet its medium-term needs 

when it expects the prices of its materials to increase. Stringent credit assessment is performed by the 

management before making such pre-payments to the suppliers. 

 

Furthermore, we choose environment-friendly paints for spraying all our products. We always 

emphasize on the design optimisation to maximize the material utilisation and reduce wastage. All the 

production scraps are sold to qualified vendors for disposal. 

 

Environmental Compliance 

Litai, where our production facilities locate, has been certified ISO 14001 Environmental Management 

System since March 2007. We continuously monitor and comply with the environmental requirement 

set forth by the local government as it is getting tighten over the past decade as a result of Chinese 

government’s initiatives to fight against pollutions. 

 

Litai has renewed and received the Certificate for Environmental Management System which complied 

with requirements of ISO14001 on 6 Feb 2018, the certificate is valid for a period of 3 years till 5 Feb 

2021. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


16 

 

9 

Social Responsibilities  

The Independent Director wish to highlight that as at the date of this report, 

there have been material developments to the Company’s operation, 

please refer to the Independent Director statement at page 2 and 3.  

Our People, Our Strength 

The Group recognises that our strength lies in our people. We firmly believe in the importance of talent 

development to the sustainable growth of the Group. Every year, we continue to dedicate time and 

resources to develop our people, to ensure that our talent will continue to be engaged, encouraged and 

empowered to soar together towards our common goal. 

 

As part of our commitment to developing talent, we strive to create an inclusive workplace where each 

individual is valued and recognised for his or her contribution. We recognise the importance of diversity 

in strengthening our core values of teamwork, communication and creativity, and in forming a competent 

and united workforce. We provide equal opportunities to all employees regardless of gender and 

domicile without discrimination. 

 

As of 31 December 2019, we have a total of 331 fulltime employees. In general, the Group was able to 

maintain a strong, stable and healthy workforce with a turnover rate of approximately 12 %. 

 

We value the importance of diversity and embrace a mixture of genders, age groups and regions. We 

have a gender ratio of 84% males to 16% females. On one hand, due to the industry characteristics 

and work nature, our frontline is male dominated. On the other hand, our supporting functions at back 

offices, such as finance and human resource, are well gender-balanced. 

 

Our main workforce aged between 30 and 50 years old while the management are experienced staff 

aged above 50 years old. Besides hiring from our local region, we also reach out extensively to talent 

and manpower beyond our local region (Jiangyin City, Jiangsu Province); 24% of our employees come 

from other regions / provinces of the PRC. 

 

Workforce by Gender 

 

[ 

ENT 

GE] 

 

 

[PER 

CENT 

AGE] 

 

 

 

Female Male 

Workforce by Age Group 

9% 

20% 

 

 

 

 

71% 

 

 

 

 

30 years old and below 

between 30 and 50 years old 

above 50 years old 

Work Force by Region 

 

 

 

24% 

 

76% 

 

 

 

 

Local 

Other Regions 


17 

 

New Hires and Resignations 

We have 49 staff who left us on their own accords in FY2019 while we have 51 new hires. Similar 

gender ratios are observed with the resignees, with male accounting for more than 90% of the 

population as the resignees were mostly labour- intensive frontline workers. Our key management team 

remained stable and unchanged. 

 

Two-thirds of resignees came from the age group between 30 and 50 years old and more than half of 

the resignees were from other regions in the PRC. During the exit interviews we conducted with every 

each resignee to better understand their thoughts and reasons for leaving, we learned that the main 

cause is that after having worked away from hometown for many years and gained certain level of 

financial stability, staff from other regions in the PRC tend to return to their hometown to settle down 

with their family. We understand and respect their decisions and meanwhile, we also want to reflect 

what we can do to better integrate our staff from other regions in the PRC into Jiangyin City and even 

make it possible and viable for them to settle down in Jiangyin. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Resignee by Gender 

3% 

 

 

 

 

 

97% 

 

 

 

Female 

Male 

 

Resignee by Age Group 

 

 

 

27% 

 

73% 

 

 

 

 

30 years old and below 

between 30 and 50 years old 

 

Resignee by Region 

 

 

 

 

27% 

5%737               73% 

 

 

 

 

 

Local 

Other Regions 

 

 

 

 

Aiming to maintain a strong and stable workforce and a low attrition rate, we firmly commit to providing 

our employees with more development opportunities to ensure a sustainable operations model. We 

also aim to continuously refine our hiring strategy and improve on the workplace culture, with the aim 

of engaging, retaining and grooming our talent. 

 

 

 

 

 

 


18 

 







Benefits and Welfare 

With our people being our assets, we believe in valuing and recognising our people’s achievements 

through rewards and competitive remunerations. Each of our employees is entitled to a set of attractive 

benefits including but not limited to: 

 

Item 

Benefits 

Descriptions 

1 

Five social insurance 

and one housing fund 

(“五险一金”) 

Employees are entitled to five social insurances and one housing 

fund contributed by the Group according to the labour law in PRC 

as follows: 

(a) Endowment insurance; 

(b) Occupational insurance; 

(c) Medical insurance; 

(d) Unemployment insurance; 

(e) Maternity insurance; and 

(f) Housing Provident Funds. 

2 

Medical benefits and 

health screenings 

Employees 

are 

reimbursed 

for 

medical 

consultations. 

We 

also 

arrange annual health screenings for 

our employees to ensure that our 

employees are in the best of health. 

3 

Disability and Life 

Insurance 

All our employees are covered under insurance for work-related 

injuries. This accords them with some financial protection in the 

event of incidents arising under working circumstances. 

Our life insurance also provides financial support and risk coverage 

to intermediate families in the event the employee 

suffers from critical illness or permanent disability. 

4 

Year-end performance 

bonus 

Employees are entitled to year-end performance bonuses 

depending on the performance of the Group and individual upon 

appraisal. 

5 

Free staff meal 

Employees on duty are entitled to free meals provided by the 

Company. 

6 

Festival celebrations 

and gifts 

We organise company events 

annually 

to 

celebrate 

and 

recognise 

the 

efforts 

of 

our 

employees. Embracing diversity 

and to honour our rich heritage and 

culture, we celebrate important 

festivals as a company and often 

provide 

festive 

gifts 

to 

our 

employees. Festivals we celebrate 

include: International Women’s 

Day, Spring Festival, and also Mid-

autumn Festival. 

 

The Group is periodically reviewing and enhancing our resource policies and practices to provide a fair 

and safe workplace for our employees. In line with our Group’s core values of teamwork, we strive to 

promote a safe and conducive workplace for our people to perform efficiently and effectively. 

 

 

 

 

 


19 

 

Parental Leave 

With the goal of revitalising population growth and with the formal phasing out of the four-decade old 

one-child policy in recent years, the Chinese government’s family planning policy has also shifted to 

one that is more pro-family. In support of the government’s pro-family legislations, the Group adopts 

welfare practices and strives to build a family-friendly workplace culture. As part of the enhancements 

of the family planning policy, female and male staff are entitled to 90 and 15 days of maternity and 

paternity leave respectively. The Group will continually work towards building a pro-parent workplace 

through enhancing our company welfare practices and culture. 

 

Community Activities 

Haida recognizes the importance of actively 

supporting our communities and contribute back 

to the society. For many years, we have been 

supporting schools through scholarships and 

cash donations. We firmly believe in sponsoring 

initiatives that promotes education, sports, 

environment and conservation. Haida has been 

giving out scholarships to students of 

Huashi Senior High School (中国江苏省江阴市

华士高级中学) to fulfil their education’s dreams. 

 

Labour Union’s Work 

The purpose of the labour union is to provide financial reliefs to our employees in the Group, organise 

activities such as commendation ceremony and medical check-up. Every year, while the majority 

funding comes from the Group, our employees contribute a very small portion of their salary on a 

voluntary basis. This year, the Group offered condolences to employees, gave out concessionary cash 

relief and visited families who have bedridden family members. 

 






20 

 

GRI Content Index 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

102-1 * 

Name of the organization 

Annual Report FY2019 Pg 1 

102-2 * 

Activities, brands, 

products, and services 

Annual Report FY2019 Pg 1 

102-3 * 

Location of headquarters 

Annual Report FY2019 Pg 1 

102-4 * 

Location of operations 

Annual Report FY2019 Pg 1 

102-5 * 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report FY2019 Pg 1 

102-6 * 

Markets served 

An extensive sales network and 

strong marketing team (Page 5) 

102-7 * 

Scale of the organization 

Our People, Our Strength (Page 16) 

102-8 * 

Information on employees 

and other workers 

Our People, Our Strength (Page 16) 

102-9 * 

Supply chain 

Usage of Materials (Page 15) 

 

102-10 * 

Significant changes to the 

organization and its supply 

chain 

 

None 

102-11 * 

Precautionary Principle or 

approach 

Sustainability Approach (Page 8) 

102-12 * 

External initiatives 

Community Activities (Page 19) 

102-13 * 

Membership of 

associations 

Membership of Associations (Page 

7) 

GRI 102: 

Strategy 

102-14 * 

Statement from senior 

decision-maker 

Board Statement (for the purpose of 

this report, Independent Director 

Statement) (Page 2) 

GRI 102: Ethics 

and Integrity 

 

102-16 * 

Values, principles, 

standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Vision, Mission and Corporate 

Strength (Page 4 to 6) 

GRI 102: 

Governance 

102-18 * 

Governance structure 

Committee Structure (Page 8) 

GRI 102: 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

 

102-40 * 

 

List of stakeholder groups 

 

Stakeholder Engagement (Page 11 

to 12) 

 

102-41 * 

 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

 

None 

 

102-42 * 

 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

 

Stakeholder Engagement (Page 11 

to 12) 


21 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

 

 

102-43 * 

 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

 

Stakeholder Engagement (Page 11 

to 12) 

 

102-44 * 

 

Key topics and concerns 

raised 

 

Stakeholder Engagement (Page 11 

to 12) 

GRI 102: 

Reporting 

Practice 

 

102-45 * 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

China Haida Ltd. 

Jiangyin Litai Decorative Materials 

Co., Ltd. 

 

102-46 * 

 

Defining report content 

and topic Boundaries 

 

Identifying Material ESG Factors 

(Page 9) 

 

102-47 * 

 

List of material topics 

 

Identifying Material ESG Factors 

(Page 9) 

 

102-48 * 

 

Restatements of 

information 

 

No changes, same as first SR 

report. 

 

102-49 * 

 

Changes in reporting 

 

No changes, same as first SR 

report 

 

 

102-50 * 

 

Reporting period 

 

       1.1.2019 to 31.12.2019 (Page 1) 

 

102-51 * 

 

Date of most recent report 

 

31 December 2019 

 

102-52 * 

 

Reporting cycle 

 

Reporting Period and Scope (Page 

1) 

 

102-53 * 

 

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report 

 

Feedback (Page 1) 

 

102-54 * 

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

 

Core options (33 items) 

 

102-55 * 

 

GRI content index 

 

GRI Content Index (Page 20 to 22) 

 

102-56 * 

 

External Assurance 

 

None 


22 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 201: 

Economic 

Performance 

 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

Business Performance and 

Economic Aspects (Page 13) 

 

201-1 

Direct economic value 

generated and 

distributed 

Direct Economic Value 

Distributed (Page 14) 

 

201-2 

Financial implications 

and other risks and 

opportunities due to 

climate change 

 

None 

 

201-3 

Defined benefit plan 

obligations and other 

retirement plans 

Defined Benefit Plan Obligations 

and Other Retirement Plans 

(Page 14) 

 

201-4 

Financial assistance 

received from 

government 

Financial Assistance Received 

from Government (Page 14) 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 

 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

 

Environment Management 

(Page 15) 

 

307-1 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

 

Zero non-compliance incident 

GRI 401: 

Employment 

 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

Our People, Our Strength (Page 

16) 

 

401-1 

New employee hires 

and employee turnover 

New Hires and Resignations 

(Page 17) 

 

 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full- 

time employees that are 

not provided to 

temporary or part-time 

employees 

 

 

Benefits and Welfare (Page 18) 

 

401-3 

 

Parental leave 

 

Parental Leave (Page 19) 

 

