



Sustainability Report for the year ended 30 June 2018 

Chinese Global Investors Group Ltd 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Table of Contents 

1. Highlights .................................................................................................................................... 1 

1.1 Corporate profile ....................................................................................................................... 1 

1.2 Message to stakeholders .......................................................................................................... 2 

1.3 Scope of sustainability report .................................................................................................... 3 

1.4 Sustainability contact ................................................................................................................ 3 

2. Our approach to sustainability .................................................................................................. 4 

2.1 Sustainability organisational structure ....................................................................................... 4 

2.2 Sustainability strategy ............................................................................................................... 5 

2.3 Consulting our stakeholders ...................................................................................................... 6 

2.4 Sustainability materiality ............................................................................................................ 7 

3. Our performance ........................................................................................................................ 8 

3.1 How we measure our performance ............................................................................................ 8 

3.2 Product quality .......................................................................................................................... 9 

3.3 Regulatory compliance ............................................................................................................ 11 

3.4 Environmental sustainability .................................................................................................... 13 

3.5 Employee motivation ............................................................................................................... 15 

Appendix A: Sustainability scorecard ........................................................................................... 17 

Appendix B: GRI content index ...................................................................................................... 18 

 

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 30 June 2018 

Chinese Global Investors Group Ltd | 1 

 

 

 

 

 



1. Highlights 

1.1 Corporate profile 

Over the years, Chinese Global Investors Group Ltd. (CGIG or the ‘Company’), together with its subsidiaries, 

(the ‘Group’) has diversified beyond the waterproofing and building protection business into new areas of 

business as opportunities emerged. The Company and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in two business 

segments, namely (i) provision of quality waterproofing and building protection solutions and products; and (ii) 

financial services and investment.  

The Company was incorporated in Singapore on 14 June 1966 under the name W Graham Hitchins (Far East) 

Pte Ltd. W Graham Hitchins was founded in England in 1932, whose core business is to provide integrated 

solutions for the waterproofing and protection of building and concrete structures — from materials research 

and development to manufacturing and installation of waterproofing and concrete protection products. In 1989, 

the UK parent company underwent a worldwide restructuring, leading to a management buy-out for the Group’s 

businesses located in Singapore, Malaysia and Brunei. 

On 23 January 2003, the Company was listed on the SGX-SESDAQ, now known as the Catalist Board of the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (SGX-ST) under the name of Hitchins Group Ltd (Hitchins). 

In January 2007, after M.E. Development L.L.C. of Dubai acquired a strategic stake in Hitchins, the Company 

was renamed as Middle East Development Singapore Ltd (MEDS). In collaboration with this strategic investor, 

MEDS expanded into project and construction management contracts in the Middle East. 

In January 2009, Germir Group Limited (Germir) first acquired a 14.66% interest in the Company and 

subsequently increased its stake to 34.65% via purchase of new shares issued on 23 July 2009. With the 

addition of Germir as a major shareholder, the Company then expanded into the businesses of coal, metals 

and other natural resources in the People’s Republic of China (PRC). 

In December 2009, the Company was renamed as Auswin Holdings Limited. 

On 8 October 2010, Germir sold its 26% interest in the Company to Horwood Capital Pte Limited. Following 

this, on 2 February 2011, upon the approval by shareholders, the Company was renamed as Chinese Global 

Investors Group Ltd. to reflect its diversification into financial services and investment activities. Through one 

of its major subsidiaries, CGI (Offshore) Limited, the Company acquired 100% equity interest in CGI Financial 

Services Limited and CGI (HK) Limited as the Company’s intermediate investment holding entities. 

Waterproofing and Building Protection 

Our waterproofing business is marketed under the Hitchins® trademark. As an ISO 9001:2008 certified 

organisation, we are one of Asia’s leading waterproofing specialists with expertise in preservation, restoration 

and maintenance of buildings and concrete structures. 

With our cutting-edge green technology in developing and manufacturing specialty building materials, we have 

preserved many historical and modern buildings from deterioration and restored them to their original 

splendour. We are committed to building a green and sustainable future. 

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 30 June 2018 

Chinese Global Investors Group Ltd | 2 

 

 

 

 

 



1.2 Message to stakeholders 

CGIG has been committed to creating a sound living and working environment for our customers. This reflects 

not only our attitude to the environment and responsibilities for the society, but also our expectations for the 

future.  

We continue to engage in constructive dialogue with our stakeholders and focus on our four key pillars of 

Regulatory Compliance, Product Quality, Environmental Sustainability and Employee Motivation.  

We wish to confirm that the Board has considered sustainability issues as part of its strategic formulation, 

determined the material environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors and overseen the management 

and monitoring of the material ESG factors. 

As part of CGIG’s commitment to sustainable development, we will continue to strive to do business in a 

responsible way. To contribute to a greener future, we are committed to providing the best greening concepts, 

quality products and services to protect and enhance the built environment.  

 

On behalf of the Board of Directors. 

 

 

 

U KENG TIN 

Acting Chairman 

 

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 30 June 2018 

Chinese Global Investors Group Ltd | 3 

 

 

 

 

 



1.3 Scope of sustainability report 

The scope of the report covers information on material sustainability aspects of CGIG, covering Hitchins (F.E.) 

Marketing Pte Ltd (Hitchins), from 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2018 unless otherwise specified. We believe that the 

report should sufficiently address stakeholders’ concerns in relation to sustainability issues arising from the 

Group’s major business operations. 

This report is prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards: Core Option as it 

provides a set of an extensive framework that is widely accepted as a global standard for sustainability reporting. 

It also considers the Sustainability Reporting Guide in Practice Note 7F of the SGX-ST Listing Manual Section 

B: Rules of Catalist (Catalist Rules). In preparing our report, we applied the GRI’s principles for defining report 

content and report quality by considering the Group’s activities, impacts and substantive expectations and 

interests of its stakeholders. 

The data and information provided within the report have not been verified by an independent third party. We 

have relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy. 

1.4 Sustainability contact 

We 

welcome 

your 

views 

and 

feedback 

on 

our 

sustainability 

practices 

and 

reporting 

at 

connieloh@cgigroup.com.sg. 

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 30 June 2018 

Chinese Global Investors Group Ltd | 4 

 

 

 

 

 



2. Our approach to sustainability 

2.1 Sustainability organisational structure 

Sustainability is a vital part of our corporate strategy for achieving long-term growth. The values we create for 

our people, the environment and society at large very much determine our financial performance. We 

developed a sustainability organisational structure to move things forward: 

 

 

 

 

 

Leadership

The Board of Directors and 

Group Chief Financial Officer 

formulates related strategies 

and guidelines. 

Organisers

Corporate Social 

Responsibility (CSR) 

Coordinator helps to 

organise and coordinate the 

CSR work of all departments 

and subsidiaries. 

Executives

Assigned staff at the 

subsidiaries are responsible 

for the organisation and 

implementation of CSR 

works. 

ise


Sustainability Report for the year ended 30 June 2018 

Chinese Global Investors Group Ltd | 5 

 

 

 

 

 



2.2 Sustainability strategy 

Our sustainability strategy aims to create integrated values. Together with disciplined execution of our strategy 

and a commitment to doing business responsibly, we commit to deliver value to all our stakeholders through 

the following: 

 

 

 

The sustainable strategy is underpinned by our comprehensive and extensive internal policies that covers the 

areas above such as regulatory compliance, performance monitoring, occupational safety and health, 

employee training, and employee welfare. 

The strategy is also guided by external sources, including ISO 9001:2008 Quality Management System, and 

Sustainability Reporting Guide in Practice Note 7F of the SGX-ST Catalist Rules. 

 



Regulatory 

Compliance 

Environmental 

Sustainability 

Product 

Quality 

Employee 

Motivation 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 30 June 2018 

Chinese Global Investors Group Ltd | 6 

 

 

 

 

 

2.3 Consulting our stakeholders 

We recognise the need to continuously develop our responsible business approach in order to address growing 

stakeholder expectations around our impact on the economy, environment and society.  

As such, we periodically consult with our stakeholders to determine the issues that are most relevant to them 

and the Group. An overview of our approach and rationale is set out below (with stakeholders listed in 

alphabetical order), together with the feedback we have received. 

 

Stakeholders 

How we listen 

Why we do it 

What you’ve told us 

Customers 

• 

Meetings with customer's 

procurement department 

• 

Ensure ability to meet 

customer’s requirements in 

terms of quality and 

delivery timeliness 

• 

Provision of high-quality 

waterproofing materials 

• 

Ability to meet delivery 

timelines 

Employees 

• 

Informal feedback 

• 

Employee bonding session 

• 

Compliance with 

regulations 

• 

Provide healthy work 

environment to ensure the 

well-being of all our staff 

• 

Salary increment 

• 

Improve employee welfare 

and benefits 

Government 

and 

regulators 

• 

Understand relevant laws 

and regulations 

• 

Interaction with 

government and industrial 

bodies 

• 

Trainings and meetings 

• 

Compliance with laws and 

regulations 

• 

Uphold highest standards 

of corporate governance 

and ethical behavior 

• 

Participation in 

government-related events  

• 

Compliance with food 

safety and environmental 

laws and regulations 

• 

Compliance with SGX 

regulations 

Investors/ 

shareholders 

• 

Shareholders’ meeting 

• 

Board meeting 

• 

Hitchins website 

• 

Regular updates and 

communication 

• 

Consistently improve 

company's management 

• 

Operate, manage and 

compliant against 

regulations 

• 

Committed to delivering 

economic value to our 

capital providers through a 

strong financial 

performance and our 

methods of engagement 

with them 

• 

Long-term profitability 

• 

Achieve company targets 

• 

Growing and development 

• 

Compliance with laws and 

regulations 

Suppliers 

• 

Inspection of suppliers' 

production lines 

• 

Interaction with supplier 

representatives 

• 

Perform periodic supplier 

evaluation 

• 

Build up strategic business 

relationship 

• 

Compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

• 

Timely payment and 

adherence to agreement 

terms 

• 

Compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 30 June 2018 

Chinese Global Investors Group Ltd | 7 

 

 

 

 

 

2.4 Sustainability materiality 

Based on the stakeholder engagement, we developed our sustainability materiality matrix containing material 

aspects which are aligned with our principal business and operational risks, and formed our sustainability 

strategy which has shaped our approach to sustainability reporting, as illustrated in the diagram below. 

We have also developed metrics to help us measure our progress, as indicated in our sustainability scorecard 

in Appendix A. We will review and adjust the matrix each year, as the external and business context changes.  

The aspect boundaries ‘within’ the organisation are limited to Hitchins and our employees, whereas the aspect 

boundaries ‘outside’ the organisation include customers, government and regulators, investors/ shareholders 

and suppliers.  

 



  

  

  

  

⚫ Product 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 quality 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Managing our 

⚫ Supply chain ⚫ Legal  

 

 

 

 

 

carbon footprint 

 management 

 compliance 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Energy efficiency 

 

⚫ Preventing 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Business air 

 

 bribery and 

 

 

 

 

 

travel 

  

 corruption 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Waste management 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Skills competency 

 

 

 

  

 and employee 

  

  

 

 

 training 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Performance 

 

 

 

 

 appraisal 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Equal 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 opportunity 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Encouraging 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 work-life balance  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Relevance to CGIG 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 30 June 2018 

Chinese Global Investors Group Ltd | 8 

 

 

 

 

 



3. Our performance 

3.1 How we measure our performance 

Our sustainability strategy is embedded into the appropriate parts of our business, with dedicated teams for 

each focus area, and coordination by our relevant departmental managers. 

Progress will be tracked in two key ways: measuring performance against metrics, and evaluating how well 

the programs have advanced, through a series of ‘commitments’. 

Metrics and targets 

We have established key performance indicators for each of the four focus areas outlined in our sustainability 

strategy. As this is our first year adopting sustainability reporting, we will be establishing targets within the 

next year to hold ourselves accountable and track how we are doing. 

Periodically, we plan to introduce new metrics and update targets to ensure alignment with our strategy. 

Commitments 

To ensure we have a robust sustainability program in place, we will also publish the key initiatives we plan to 

implement within the next year.  

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 30 June 2018 

Chinese Global Investors Group Ltd | 9 

 

 

 

 

 

3.2 Product quality 

Overview 

As the leading waterproofing specialist in Asia, Hitchins provides 

integrated solutions for protecting, maintaining as well as restoring 

buildings and concrete structures.  

We believe that quality products are key to maintaining customer 

satisfaction. By creating a positive working relationship, we will be able 

to retain our existing customers and create new business opportunities.  

Product quality 

We strongly believe that commitment to quality is the key to sustainable 

growth. We currently offer the following building protection systems as 

solutions to our customer’s building problems: 

• 

Roof, basement, and wall waterproofing systems 

• 

Decorative and weather-resistant coatings 

• 

Chemical-resistant wall and floor finishes 

• 

Concrete repair and protection systems 

• 

Concrete joint systems 

 

 

100% 

Operations meeting ISO 

9001:2008 requirements 

11 

Products meeting Green Label 

requirements 

97% 

Purchases from local suppliers 

We are committed to providing quality products and services to our customers by conforming to mutually-

agreed quality requirements and keeping abreast with the latest technology through research and development 

so that we are recognised as a leader in our industry. Hitchins products are currently sold through our 

Applicator Network spanning over 19 countries.  

Some of our initiatives are as follows: 

 

ISO 9001:2008 Quality Management System 

• Hitchins was amongst the first in the industry to be certified as meeting the 

requirements of ISO 9001: 2008 Quality Management Systems.  

• Our in-house quality control team ensures that all raw materials and finished 

products consistently meet the pre-determined standards and comply strictly with 

our manufacturing methodology and formulation. 

• Annual ISO audits are conducted by accredited ISO consultants. We have been 

continuously improving based on the recommendations provided by the ISO 

consultant. 

 

Green Label 

• Our products have been endorsed under the Singapore Green Labelling Scheme 

(SGLS) to have less undesirable effects on our environment.  

• Green Label certified products have become more marketable and readily 

accepted by consumers or businesses looking to choose a more environmentally-

friendly option. 

• 11 of our products have been certified as Green Label, including: Formak 629, 

Traffigard, Nuraplan, Nuraprufe 415, Sealflex, Formdex Plus, 

Formdex Uni/ Uniflex, Formdex Admix, Formrok 300, Formceal Type R, and 

Formceal 3000X. 

 






Sustainability Report for the year ended 30 June 2018 

Chinese Global Investors Group Ltd | 10 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Approved Applicator System 

• All Hitchins products are applied only by approved and trained applicators who 

meet our stringent standards through regular training.  

 

Hitchins warranty 

• Our customers are assured of the highest standard of quality which is backed by 

a Process Performance Warranty from Hitchins and a Worksmanship Warranty 

from the Applicator. 

As an added protection, our customers are covered by an International Fidelity Fund 

for faulty workmanship by an Applicator that may no longer be in business. 

 

Site audits 

• Our team of trained and experienced Hitchins “application specialists” conduct 

random audits on our applicators’ work. 

Supply chain management  

To contribute to the local economy, Hitchins has close business relationship with reliable local suppliers. In 

FY2018, approximately 97% of Hitchins’ purchases was spent on local suppliers.  

Localised supply chains help us to develop closer relationships with our suppliers to ensure the proper 

alignment of our policies that will help us maintain a high level of quality and integrity in the procurement of 

goods and services. It also benefits the local economy, by economic value and job creation to the local 

communities. 

We have comprehensive procurement policies and procedures in place to effectively manage our supply 

chain. This is crucial to help us to achieve our goals by optimising the resources available. 

Our suppliers must abide by the general Terms and Conditions of our Purchase Contract or Purchase Order. 

The Group encourages fair competition between potential suppliers and fair purchase practices that achieve 

constructive business relationship.   

 








Sustainability Report for the year ended 30 June 2018 

Chinese Global Investors Group Ltd | 11 

 

 

 

 

 

3.3 Regulatory compliance 

Overview 

To maintain a fair, ethical and efficient business and working 

environment, CGIG strictly adheres to the local laws and regulations 

relating to anti-corruption and bribery, irrespective of the area or 

country where the Group conducts its business. 

Legal compliance 

In FY2018, the Group, through its Company Secretary, has updated 

the Board on relevant new laws and regulations affecting the Company. 

From time to time, and through Board meetings and other meetings, 

both formal and informal, our Group Chief Financial Officer (Group 

CFO) has been advising our Directors of the changing commercial and 

business risks faced by our Company. 

The Directors are also updated regularly with changes to the SGX-ST 

Listing Rules, risk management, corporate governance, insider trading 

and the key changes in the relevant regulatory requirements and 

financial reporting standards and the relevant laws and regulations to 

facilitate effective discharge of their fiduciary duties as Board or Board 

Committees members. New releases issued by the SGX-ST and 

Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA) which are 

relevant to the Directors are circulated to the Board by the Company 

Secretary.  

The Directors are encouraged to attend seminars and receive training 

to improve themselves in the discharge of Directors’ duties and 

responsibilities. Changes to regulations and accounting standards are 

monitored closely by the Management. To keep pace with such 

regulatory changes, the Company provides opportunities for ongoing 

education and training on Board processes and best practices as well 

as updates on changes in legislation and financial reporting standards, 

regulations and guidelines from the SGX-ST Listing Rules that affect 

the Company and/or the Directors in discharging their duties. Such 

training costs are borne by the Company.   

In FY2018, the Group was not in violation of any of the relevant laws 

and regulations in relation to bribery, extortion, fraud and money 

laundering that have a significant impact on the Group.  

 

 

 

0 

Regulatory and compliance 

incidents 

0 

Confirmed incidences of 

corruption and actions taken 

0 

Non-compliance with laws 

and/or regulations which 

resulted in significant fines and 

non-monetary sanctions 

0 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and/or 

regulations which resulted in 

significant fines and non-

monetary sanctions 

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 30 June 2018 

Chinese Global Investors Group Ltd | 12 

 

 

 

 

 

Preventing bribery and corruption  

The Group prohibits all forms of bribery and corruption. The Group requires all employees to strictly abide by 

professional ethics and eliminate any corruption and bribery. All employees are expected to discharge their 

duties with integrity, to act fairly and professionally, and to abstain from engaging in bribery activities or any 

activities, which might exploit their positions against the Group’s interests.   

Whistle-blowers can report verbally or in writing to the senior management of the Group for any suspected 

misconduct with full details and supporting evidence. The management will conduct investigations against any 

suspicious or illegal behaviour to protect the Group’s interests. The Group advocates a confidentiality 

mechanism to protect the whistleblowers against unfair dismissal or victimisation. Where criminality is 

suspected, a report is made to the relevant regulators or law enforcement authorities when the management 

considers necessary.  

In addition, the staff handbook lays out the Group’s expectation and guiding provisions on code of conduct. 

The Group encourages employees, customers, suppliers, or other parties to report incidents relating to any 

conflicts of interest, extortion, bribery, fraud and money laundering. 

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 30 June 2018 

Chinese Global Investors Group Ltd | 13 

 

 

 

 

 

3.4 Environmental sustainability 

Overview 

We are committed to constructing and managing world-class 

sustainable buildings that add tangible value to the communities we 

serve and to operate and maintain those buildings with a strong 

emphasis on the triple bottom line of economy, environment and 

society. 

Managing our carbon footprint 

We are committed to positive action on climate change and dedicated 

to reducing the carbon emission in our daily operations. Employees are 

reminded to save electricity and fuel consumption through regular 

internal communications.  

To determine the carbon footprint, we collect energy usage data from 

each our businesses and then calculate our total annual greenhouse 

gas emissions.  

In FY2018, Hitchins generated a carbon footprint of 68 tonnes of 

carbon dioxide emission (tCO2e), representing a carbon emission 

intensity of 84 kgCO2e per operating floor area. The emission mainly 

arises from direct fuel used in transportation for site visitation and 

product delivery, which accounted for approximately 46% of the total 

carbon emission of Hitchins. 

 

 

 

84kgCO2e 

Carbon emission intensity per 

operating floor area 

12kg 

Waste disposal intensity per 

operating floor area 

 




Sustainability Report for the year ended 30 June 2018 

Chinese Global Investors Group Ltd | 14 

 

 

 

 

 

We follow the Greenhouse Gas Protocol established by the World Resources Institute and the World Business 

Council for Sustainable Development, the standard manual for measuring corporate greenhouse gas 

emissions. Using the “control method”, we include 100% of the emissions associated with businesses which 

we directly control. Our carbon footprint includes:  

• 

All fuels used directly by our companies (Scope 1 emissions) 

• 

All purchased electricity used in our properties (Scope 2 emissions) 

• 

Impact of business air travel (optional Scope 3 emissions) 

We will continue to monitor the performance on the carbon emission reduction. Progress and performance on 

the reduction of carbon emission will be reported in the following year. 

Energy efficiency 

Hitchin’s energy usage arises from two main sources: 

• 

Fuel consumed by our vehicles and generators 

• 

Electricity consumed in our office and warehouse spaces. 

By investing in energy efficiency, we not only help protect the environment but can also lower our financial 

costs. At Hitchins, we continue to encourage energy saving through the following initiatives: 

• 

Regular maintenance of vehicles and generators to reduce its emissions. 

• 

Replacing conventional light bulbs with LED light bulbs. 

• 

Turn off lights, computers and air conditioning system before clocking out 

• 

Place energy saving reminder labels next to switches 

• 

Clean office equipment (such as refrigerator, air-conditioner) regularly to maintain high efficiency 

• 

Use energy saving equipment 

• 

Set temperature of air conditioners to 25˚C 

Business air travel 

We recognise that travel is a core part of doing business and face-to-face meetings are often the best way to 

build relationships with clients and business partners. However, this also gives rise to carbon emissions that 

contribute to deteriorating air quality and climate change.  

To manage our carbon emissions, we will strive to reduce nonessential business air travel by leveraging on 

other modes of client communication (including emails, telephone or video conferencing) calls) where possible.  

Waste management 

Waste materials from the distribution of our waterproofing materials will be consolidated and disposed in a 

responsible manner. In FY2018, Hitchins had a waste disposal intensity of 12kg per operating floor area. 

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 30 June 2018 

Chinese Global Investors Group Ltd | 15 

 

 

 

 

 

3.5 Employee motivation 

Overview 

We have a comprehensive performance appraisal programme and 

rewards system based on the result of the appraisal. The performance 

appraisal programme is essential for us to understand the skills level 

of the employees and appropriate training programmes can be 

designed to fill up the skill gaps.  

We emphasise on the career path and progression of our employees, 

and have built several two-way communication channels to ensure the 

career development needs of our employees are taken into 

consideration whenever it is possible. Training opportunities are equal 

to all employees based on needs identified. 

Though these efforts, we are well-positioned to provide a constructive 

working experience to our employees and contribute to the economic 

development and skilled labour resources of the local community. 

Skills competency and employee training 

To ensure that our employee excel, we emphasise on continuous 

learning in the workplace. Every employee has equal opportunities to 

upgrade and sharpen their skill sets through formal and on-the-job 

internal training programs. 

In FY2018, Hitchins invested an average of 6 hours of training on each 

employee. 

Performance appraisal  

To ensure the Company achieves its goals, we have various 

performance appraisal methods in place to determine the performance 

of the Company as well as each individual employee.  

The employee performance appraisal comprises mainly quantifiable 

evaluation criteria. In addition, we actively collects performance 

information for each employee each month through inputs from direct 

supervisors and feedbacks, as well as periodical employee 

communication sessions.  

These collected information allow us to understand the performance 

and skills development needs of each team and individual employee 

from multiple aspects. This is crucial for the Company to develop 

annual training programs for employee that are designed to enhance 

the skills of the employee and aims to improve the overall productivity.  

 

 

6 

Training hours per staff 

40% 

Female representation in 

workforce 

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 30 June 2018 

Chinese Global Investors Group Ltd | 16 

 

 

 

 

 

Equal opportunity 

CGIG has always been an equal opportunity employer to provide a fair workplace for employees, following the 

principles of equality and non-discrimination. Recruitment, remuneration, promotion, and benefits are required 

to be handled based on objective assessment, equal opportunity and non-discrimination regardless of gender, 

race, marital status, pregnancy, disability, age or family status.  

We attract talent through fair, and flexible recruitment strategy that includes recruitment application, job 

description, job applications, interview, selection, approval, and job offer. Promotion is based on performance 

and suitability.  

We offer competitive remuneration to attract and retain talented staff members. Remuneration packages 

(which include the necessary social benefits) are reviewed periodically to ensure consistency with employment 

market. Dismissal also complies with employment laws and regulations relating to non-discrimination. 

In FY2018, female employees comprise 40% of our entire workforce. 

Encouraging work-life balance  

We organised a variety of employee activities to help them relax their mind and body, develop teamwork, 

explore their talent, so as to develop a positive attitude in both work and life.  

To enhance employee teamwork and cohesion, improve employee health and improve employee work-life 

balance, Hitchins has been organising periodic employee gatherings during major festivals and sports 

competitions. 

 

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 30 June 2018 

Chinese Global Investors Group Ltd | 17 

 

 

 

 

 

Appendix A: Sustainability scorecard 

Production quality 

Performance indicators 

Units 

2018 

Operations meeting ISO 9001:2008 requirements 

Percentage 

100 

Products meeting Green Label requirements 

Number 

11 

Purchases from local suppliers 

Percentage 

97 

Regulatory compliance 

Performance indicators 

Units 

2017 

Regulatory and compliance incidents 

Number 

0 

Confirmed incidences of corruption and actions taken 

Number 

0 

Non-compliance with laws and/or regulations which resulted in 

significant fines and non-monetary sanctions 

Number 

0 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and/or regulations 

which resulted in significant fines and non-monetary sanctions 

Number 

0 

Environmental sustainability 

Performance indicators 

Units 

2018 

Total carbon footprint 

tCO2e 

68 

Carbon emission intensity 

kgCO2e/ m2 

84 

Waste disposal intensity 

kg/ m2 

12 

Employee motivation 

Performance indicators 

Units 

2018 

Training hours per staff 

Hours 

6 

Female representation in workforce 

Percentage 

40 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 30 June 2018 

Chinese Global Investors Group Ltd | 18 

 

 

 

 

 

Appendix B: GRI content index 

GRI Standards Content Index 

The GRI Content Index references the Chinese Global Investors Group Ltd Sustainability Report 2018 (SR), 

and the Annual Report 2018 (AR). 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

GRI 102: General disclosures 

Organisational profile 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

• AR: Corporate Profile (Page 2) 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, 

and services 

• AR: Corporate Profile (Page 2) 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

• AR: Corporate Profile (Page 2) 

102-4 

Location of operations 

• AR: Corporate Profile (Page 2) 

• AR: Subsidiaries – Note 5 to the Financial 

Statements (Pages 77-80) 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

• AR: General Information – Note 1 to the Financial 

Statements (Page 52) 

102-6 

Markets served 

• AR: Segment Information – Note 29 to the 

Financial Statements (Pages 95-96) 

102-7 

Scale of organisation 

• AR: Corporate Profile (Page 2) 

• AR: Segment Information – Note 29 to the 

Financial Statements (Pages 95-96) 

102-8 

Information on employees 

and other workers 

• SR: Employee Motivation (Pages 15-16) 

102-9 

Supply chain 

• SR: Product Quality (Pages 9-10) 

102-10 

Significant changes to the 

organisation and its supply 

chain 

• AR: Corporate Profile (Page 2) 

• AR: Performance at a Glance (Page 10) 

• AR: Group Financial Highlights (Page 11) 

• AR: About Hitchins Business (Page 12) 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or 

approach 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-38) 

102-12 

External initiatives 

• Not applicable 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

• Not applicable 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior 

decision-maker 

• AR: Chairman’s Message (Pages 4-5) 

• AR: Group CFO’s Message (Pages 6-9) 

102-15 

Key impacts, risks, and 

opportunities 

• AR: Independent Auditor’s Report (Pages 42-44) 

Ethics and integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, 

standards, and norms of 

behavior 

• SR: Sustainability Strategy (Page 5) 

102-17 

Mechanisms for advice and 

concerns about ethics 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-38) 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-38) 

102-19 

Delegating authority 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-38) 

102-20 

Executive-level responsibility 

for economic, 

environmental, and social 

topics 

• SR: Sustainability Organisational Structure (Page 4) 

102-21 

Consulting stakeholders on 

economic, environmental, 

and social topics 

• SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 6) 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 30 June 2018 

Chinese Global Investors Group Ltd | 19 

 

 

 

 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

102-22 

Composition of the highest 

governance body and its 

committees 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-38) 

102-23 

Chair of the highest 

governance body 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-38) 

102-24 

Nominating and selecting 

the highest governance 

body 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-38) 

102-25 

Conflicts of interest 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-38) 

• AR: Directors’ Statement (Pages 39-41) 

• SR: Sustainability Strategy (Page 5) 

102-26 

Role of highest governance 

body in setting purpose, 

values, and strategy 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-38) 

102-27 

Collective knowledge of 

highest governance body 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-38) 

102-28 

Evaluating the highest 

governance body’s 

performance 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-38) 

102-29 

Identifying and managing 

economic, environmental, 

and social impacts 

• SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 7) 

102-30 

Effectiveness of risk 

management processes 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-38) 

102-31 

Review of economic, 

environmental, and social 

topics 

• SR: Sustainability Report (Pages 1-21) 

102-32 

Highest governance body’s 

role in sustainability reporting 

• SR: Sustainability Organisational Structure (Page 4) 

102-33 

Communicating critical 

concerns 

• SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 7) 

102-34 

Nature and total number of 

critical concerns 

• SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 7) 

102-35 

Remuneration policies 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-38) 

102-36 

Process for determining 

remuneration 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-38) 

102-37 

Stakeholders’ involvement in 

remuneration 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-38) 

102-38 

Annual total compensation 

ratio 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-38) 

102-39 

Percentage increase in 

annual total compensation 

ratio 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-38) 

Stakeholder 

engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

• SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 6) 

102-41 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

• Not applicable 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

• SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 6) 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

• SR: Sustainability Strategy (Page 5) 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns 

raised 

• SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 6) 

Reporting practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

• AR: Subsidiaries – Note 5 to the Financial 

Statements (Pages 77-80) 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 30 June 2018 

Chinese Global Investors Group Ltd | 20 

 

 

 

 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

102-46 

Defining report content and 

topic Boundaries 

• SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 7) 

102-47 

List of material topics 

• SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 7) 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

• Not applicable 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

• Not applicable 

102-50 

Reporting period 

• SR: Scope of Sustainability Report (Page 3) 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

• SR: Scope of Sustainability Report (Page 3) 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

• Annual 

102-53 

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report 

• SR: Sustainability Contact (Page 3) 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

• SR: Scope of Sustainability Report (Page 3) 

102-55 

GRI content index 

• SR: GRI Content Index (Pages 18-21) 

102-56 

External assurance 

• No external assurance 

GRI 200: Economic disclosures (applicable sections only) 

Economic performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value 

generated and distributed 

• AR: Group Financial Highlights (Page 11) 

Procurement practices 

204-1 

Proportion of spending on 

local suppliers 

• SR: Product Quality (Pages 9-10) 

Anti-corruption 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of 

corruption and actions taken 

• SR: Regulatory Compliance (Pages 11-12) 

Anti-competitive 

behavior 

206-1 

Legal actions for anti-

competitive behavior, anti-

trust, and monopoly 

practices 

• There is no legal actions for anti-competition. 

GRI 300: Environment disclosures (applicable sections only) 

Energy 

302-1 

Energy consumption within 

the organisation 

• SR: Environmental Sustainability (Pages 13-14) 

302-4 

Reduction of energy 

consumption 

• SR: Environmental Sustainability (Pages 13-14) 

Emissions 

305-1 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG 

emissions 

• SR: Environmental Sustainability (Pages 13-14) 

305-2 

Energy indirect (Scope 2) 

GHG emissions 

• SR: Environmental Sustainability (Pages 13-14) 

305-3 

Other indirect (Scope 3) 

GHG emissions 

• SR: Environmental Sustainability (Pages 13-14) 

305-4 

GHG emissions intensity 

• SR: Environmental Sustainability (Pages 13-14) 

• SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 17) 

Effluents and waste 

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal 

method 

• SR: Environmental Sustainability (Pages 13-14) 

Laws and regulations 

307-1 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

• There is no non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations. 

GRI 400: Social disclosures (applicable sections only) 

Employment 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full-time 

employees that are not 

provided to temporary or 

part-time employees 

• SR: Employee Motivation (Pages 15-16) 

Training and education 

404-1 

Average hours of training 

per year per employee 

• SR: Employee Motivation (Pages 15-16) 

• SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 17) 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 30 June 2018 

Chinese Global Investors Group Ltd | 21 

 

 

 

 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading 

employee skills and 

transition assistance 

programs 

• SR: Employee Motivation (Pages 15-16) 

404-3 

Percentage of employees 

receiving regular 

performance and career 

development reviews 

• SR: Employee Motivation (Pages 15-16) 

Diversity and equal 

opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance 

bodies and employees 

• SR: Employee Motivation (Pages 15-16) 

Non-discrimination 

406-1 

Incidents of discrimination 

and corrective actions taken 

• There is no incidents of discrimination. 

Child labor 

408-1 

Operations and suppliers at 

significant risk for incidents 

of child labor 

• Child labour is strictly prohibited. 

Forced or compulsory 

labor 

409-1 

Operations and suppliers at 

significant risk for incidents 

of forced or compulsory 

labor 

• Forced and compulsory labour is strictly prohibited. 

Socioeconomic 

compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws 

and regulations in the social 

and economic area 

• There is no non-compliance with socioeconomic 

laws and regulations. 

 

