
 

China International Holdings Limited 

2019 Sustainability Report 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




 

CONTENTS 

 

BOARD STATEMENT .................................................................................................................... 1 

CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT UPDATE ........................................................................................... 2 

CURRENT OPERATIONS ............................................................................................................... 3 

ENERGY AND CHEMICALS CONSUMPTION ...................................................................................... 4 

HUMAN RESOURCE ..................................................................................................................... 6 

HEALTH AND SAFETY .................................................................................................................. 8 

CUSTOMER SERVICE AND COMMUNITY ..................................................................................... ..12 

IMPACT OF COVID-19 ………………………………………………………………………….......................13 

 


 

1 

 

 

Board Statement 

 

The Board of Directors is pleased to present the 2019 Sustainability Report of the Group. As the 

Group’s main business are in water treatment and distribution, this Sustainability Report will focus 

primarily on the water operations of CIHL (Tianjin) Water Development Limited during the year 2019. 

 

The Board has identified the following factors that have significant impact on sustainability of our 

operations:  

 

 

Energy and Chemicals Consumption 

 

Health and Safety 

 

Training and Development 

 

Employee Engagement 

 

Customer Satisfaction 

 

This Report comprises the following sections: 

 

1. Corporate Development Update 

2. Current Operations 

3. Energy and Chemicals Consumption 

4. Human Resource 

5. Health and Safety 

6. Customer Service and Community 

7. Impact of Covid-19 

 

 

 

 

 


 

2 

 

 

1. Corporate Development Update 

 

CIHL (Tianjin) Water Development Limited (“Tianjin Water” or “Company”) is an integrated water supply 

company involved in the processing of raw water and reclaimed water, distribution of treated water for 

industrial and domestic no-drinking uses, and the provision of engineering services to customers in 

Tianjin, China. The Company owns its own processing plants and distribution networks. Tianjin Water 

was established in September 2004. It owns and operates the Beitang Water Plant and has recently 

commenced the operation of a new plant, the Xinhe Water Plant. 

 

The Beitang Water Plant is located near Beitang Reservoir, and takes in raw water from Beitang 

Reservoir as well Huanggang No. 1 Reservoir and Huanggang No. 2 Reservoir. Beitang Water Plant 

commenced operations in March 2006. The water treated by Beitang Water Plant complies with the 

standard of non-drinking water for urban residential and industrial uses (“城市污水再生利用、城市杂用

水水质标准”).  

 

The newly completed Xinhe Plant is located in the Industrial Development Zone for Tianjin Binhai 

Hi-tech and New-tech, and is designed to treat the water discharged from a third-party-owned sewage 

treatment plant to the standard of Tianjin Municipal Standard Class One A. The treated water is partly 

discharged and partly further treated to the standard of reclaimed water suitable for industrial and 

domestic non-drinking uses, using UF+RO processing technology. The reclaimed water is fed into the 

network of pipelines owned by Tianjin Water and sold to customers. 

 

The Company’s network of pipelines covers the core area of Tianjin Binhai New District (天津滨海新区), 

which is located between Haifang Road in the East and Tangjin Expressway in the West. It covers 

Beitang Hi-tech Zone, Tanggu Ocean Hi-tech Zone, Dongxigu Area, Xiangluowan Business District, 

Lingang Economic Zone, Tianjin Port Bulk Cargo Logistic Centre, Central New Town North District, 

Tianjin Avenue area, South New Town. It will be further developed in accordance with the urban 

development plans of the service area, which is approximately 300 square kilometers in size. Since its 

establishment, the Company through its water treatment services has contributed greatly to the 

development of Tianjin Binhai New District (天津滨海新区). 

 

 


 

3 

 

Xinhe Water Plant 

 

Tianjin Water has successfully completed the whole project by the end of 2019. The project comprises 

two components. The first component is to treat discharged water from a third party sewage treatment 

plant. This extra treatment is necessary to enable the discharged water to meet the newly implemented 

Tianjin Municipal Standards before discharging. The second component, completed in 2019, is to 

further treat dischargeable water into re-usable water so that the treated water may be reused for 

industrial and domestic uses. The plant occupies an area of 20,016 square meters. 

 



 



 

Chart 1: Gate of Xinhe Water Plant                Chart 2: No. 2 Equipment Room 

 

Beitang Water Plant 

 

Since 2018, the Beitang Water Plant has started to take water from the Huanggang No.2 Reservior as 

the Beitang Reservior, the previous source of raw water for the plant, had been reclassified by the 

government as water resources protection zone.  

 

2. Current Operations 

By the end 2019, Beitang Water Plant has reached annual production capacity of 100,000 cubic meters 

(m3) per day. The Xinhe Water Plant has achieved operational capacity of 70,000 m3 per day. During 

the year, the network of pipelines increased by 17.26 kilometers, to reach a total network size of 393.96 

kilometers, serving 499 corporate customers. 

 

The total area of plants and greenery watered by the water from our network has increased by 1.29 

million square meters to reach 23.85 million square meters. Water used for watering plants and 

greenery was about 2.71 million m3, accounting for 15.3% of total water supplied by the Company. 


 

4 

 

In 2019, the total number of residential customers serviced by the Company increased by 9,106 to 

about 101,000 homes. Residential consumption reached 1.28 million m3 of water, accounting for 7.2% 

of total water supplied, while commercial and office use was 406,000 thousand m3, and accounting for 

2.84% of total water supplied in 2018. 

 

In 2019, the number of commercial users increased by two, with total consumption of 0.6 million cubic 

meters of water, accounting for 3.4% of total water supplied. 

 

In 2019, three new industrial and customers came on board, bringing total industrial customers to 19. 

Water supplied to industrial users amounted to 13.11 million m3, accounting for 74.1%, an increase of 

21.43% over 2018. 



 

Chart 3: Distribution of Water Utilization 

 

3. Energy and Chemical Consumption 

The Company continually strives to increase efficiency in its consumption of energy and chemicals. 

 

In 2017, the Company upgraded the automation for plant operations, improved safety and efficiency 

measures for operations, and implemented the remote monitoring of the plant operation and the 

distribution network on a 24/7 basis through centralized video links. This has resulted in higher 

efficiency and reduced costs. 

 

The Company also upgraded the sanitation equipment to reduce chlorine use. This achievement has 

resulted in higher safety, lower maintenance requirements and better work conditions, thus ensuring 

smoother operations. 

The Company has established energy and chemical consumption levels as key performance targets for 


 

5 

 

staff throughout the various processes of the operations. Monthly competitions are organized for work 

teams and extra incentive bonus is paid in accordance with the competition results at the end of year.  

The following tables and charts show the results of energy efficiency results achieved in 2019 

compared to the previous year: 

 

Year 

Water   

Supplied( m3） 

Electricity Used 

（kw.h） 

Energy 

Consumption 

（kw.h/1000 m3） 

Increase 

2018 

16,916,298 

2,423,736 

143.28 

 

2019 

17,416,541 

2,573,169.6 

147.74 

2.58% 

Chart 4: Energy Consumption Reduction 

 

Environment Impact 

The raw water and discharged water are main sources of raw materials for our plants. A number of 

chemicals are used in the process as purifying agents and sanitizing agents. The table below shows 

the current levels of chemical consumption in our plants: 

 

Category 

Names 

 Total Quantity  

(t) 

Use per Unit 

 （kg/1000m3） 

Purifying Agent 

Poly Aluminum Chloride 

 

295.52 

 

16.96 

Sanitizer 

Sodium chlorate 

49.10 

2.82 

Hydrochloric Acid 

144.26 

8.28 

Sodium hypochlorite 

226.90 

13.03 

Chart 5: Current Levels of Chemical Consumption 

 

Target and Evaluation of Chemical Uses 

Uses of chemicals depend on the characteristics of raw materials to be processed, ie, raw water and 

discharged water, as well as the standard for the products of process. External factors which influence 

the uses of chemicals include seasonality, weather, source of raw water, quality of raw water as well as 

users’ requirements. 


 

6 

 

 

The Company has set targets for chemicals and energy consumption and the associated evaluation 

mechanism for the Beitang Plant. It is intended that a new system of chemical and energy management 

system will be established for the Xinhe Plant in 2020. 

 



 



 

Chart 6: High Efficiency Sedimentation Tank and HABF Pool     Chart 7: Ozonation Contact Reactor  

 

4. Human Resource 

CIHL (Tianjin) Water has 63 employees and all employment contracts are signed in accordance to PRC 

Labor Laws. 

 

Recruitment and Promotion 

All employees are fully protected by the PRC Labor Laws. The Company seeks applicants through the 

open labor market and employs a merit based recruitment system. On-job training is provided to 

employees and staff are offered long term career development paths. 

 

Salaries and Benefit 

All employees are covered by social insurance and state pension(“五险一金”).Employees are also 

provided with subsidies in transportation, communication subsidies, paid annual leave as well 

needs-based financial aid. 

 

The following tables list information of the age profile and job categories of the Company’s employees: 

 

 

 


 

7 

 

           Age Group 

Numbers of Employees 

Percentage 

 

Male 

30 and below  

13 

20% 

30&lt; Age &lt;=40  

16 

24% 

40&lt; Age &lt;=50  

10 

15% 

Above 50  

7 

11% 

 

Female 

30 and below  

9 

14% 

30&lt; Age &lt;=40  

5 

8% 

40&lt; Age &lt;=50  

4 

6% 

Above 50  

2 

3% 

Chart 8: Employee Age Structure 

 

Categories 

Sex 

No. 

Percentage 

Remarks 

Senior Management 

Male 

3 

100% 

GM、Deputy GM 

Female 

- 

- 

- 

Middle Management 

Male 

6 

75% 

Manager 

Female 

2 

25% 

Manager 

 

Technical Staff 

Male 

1 

20% 

Chief Engineer 

Female 

4 

80% 

Laboratory 

 

Other Staff 

Male 

36 

72% 

 

Female 

14 

28% 

 

Chart 9: Employee Job Distribution 

 

 


 

8 

 

Corporate Culture 

The Company has established a corporate culture which is focused on humanity, practicality, and a 

sound management system. 

The Company promotes the corporate culture through different forms of corporate activities. There is 

an Employees Guidebook which provides guidance on all aspects of operations. Staff and 

management are required to comply with all rules set out in the guide book. 

 

The Company highlights our company logo and other identification tools in the office and other 

business environment and holds corporate events to promote corporate culture and staff bonding on a 

regular basis. 

 

New Honors Received 



 



 



 

Chart 10: Opening Ceremony of Tianjin Environmental Governance Chamber 

 

5. Health and Safety 

 

Health 

The Company provides employees with free annual health checks. 

Safe 

The Company has set up a safety operation system and put in place measures for enforcement. For 

pipeline network maintenance, the Company adopts regular patrols, together with a centralized video 

monitoring system. In the water plants, proper fences are set up around the water pools and life vessels 

placed inside the pools. There are warnings systems in the plants to highlight various risks. When 

entering work space, each work team must comprise at least two members walking together. Wearing 


 

9 

 

of life jackets and reporting to central monitoring office in and out of work space are compulsory 

standard procedures. 

 

In the past three years, the Company has recorded no incidents of death or injury to its workers. 

 

The Company has also established relevant model code for safe operations and protection measures. 

Stringent inspection rules have been set up for network monitoring and maintenance. For example, a 

security surveillance camera system with alarms has been installed to cover all areas in our water 

plants. Our protection facilities include protection bars over precipitation pools, lifebuoys in designated 

places, water level alarm, alarm in chlorine room, and safety goggles. When working at precipitation 

pools, all staff are required to notify the central control room before entering the room and live 

monitoring is activated during the entire process from the central control room. Staff must work in pairs 

and wear safety jackets in that room. All new joiners must pass a swimming test and other safety tests. 

We have adopted a practicable emergency management plan. The Company emphasizes on strict 

compliance in model code for safety operations with adequate protection measure and regular 

maintenance and repair to our facilities to ensure safety. 

 

Our philosophy has always been “Safety Production” when it comes to production. We are active in 

adopting all relevant rules and guidelines established our supervisory bodies, especially the “Notice on 

Commencing Deep Safety Operation Inspection” set by the Water Authority and Safety Committee of 

Binhai New District. We have established a safety operation team and a network safety operation team 

respectively headed by our Vice General Manager and internal supervisory department. A rewards 

system has also been established to encourage compliance. 

 



 Chart 11: Employee Health Checkup       


 

10 

 



 

Chart12: Safety Training 

 

Training and Development 

The Company trains new employees before deploying them to their jobs. The training covers skills, 

work environment, process, as well as corporate culture. The purpose is to allow new employees to 

team up quickly with experienced employees. 

 

On-job training involves training in the area of specialized skills, fire-fighting, and specialized 

technology. We also provide work related training courses, including fire drills, safety knowledge, 

technical skills, etc., to improve our staff’s operational skills and professional quality. 

 



 

Chart 13: Training and Communication Meeting with WPG about Smart Water Management System  


 

11 

 

 



 



 

Chart 14: Visit to Beitang Sewage Plant          Chart 15: Visit to Gangdongxincheng Sewage Treatment Plant 

 



 



 

Chart 16: Attend Technical Training Session        Chart 17: Attend Chemical Analysis and Inspection Training 


 

12 

 

Work Environment 



 



 

Chart 18: Office of Zhongxiang Tianjin Plant             Chart 19: Central Control Room of Beitang Plant 

 

6. Customer Service and Community 

In April 2018, The Company opened a customer service centre in Tianqi International Centre in 

Xianglongwan Business District to provide comprehensive customer services on site. 

 

Customers can make payments via ATM at 8 branches of the Bank of China 24 hours a day.  

 

There is a professional after-sales service and maintenance team who sees the needs of our 

customers. In 2019, our customer call centre handled a total of 29,559 services requests from and to  

our customers, including 12,266 calls from customers,199 wechat messages from customers and 

14,029 calls to customers. 

 

The Binhai New District is undergoing rapid development and construction. We anticipate that the 

demand of fresh water for social economic and environmental use will increase rapidly. Scarcity in 

fresh water in the Binhai New District may emerge over time. The Company will provide quality and 

efficient service with a constant focus on rigorous management and stable production with the aim of 

building water-conservation awareness community in the area that we operate. 


 

13 

 







 

Chart 20: Water Service Center of Zhongxiang Tianjin Plant 

 

7. Impact of Covid-19 

The outbreak of Covid-19 took place in Wuhan, Hubei Province, at the end of 2019. It did not impact on 

the Company until around the Chinese New Year in late January 2020. Throughout the period, the 

Company has maintained continued supply of water to our customers. The water usage has declined 

due to slower pace of activities of our customers, resulting from the shutdown of many sectors of the 

local economy. The Company complies fully with government regulations for the utility industry. Since 

the beginning of April, the Company has resumed the engineering and construction work after receiving 

government approval. The operation of engineering and construction activities and the accommodation 

of workers are now subject to strict hygienic and social distancing requirements. There has been no 

infection involving our employees and their family so far. 



 



 

Chart 21: Leaders of Binhai New District to our company to inspect the epidemic prevention situation 

 


 

14 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

************************************************** 

