
Cover Page 

 

Sustainability Report FY2020 

CHINA HAIDA LTD. 

[Passion for excellence] 




Contents 

1 

About this Report ................................................................................................................. 1 

2 

Directors' Statement ............................................................................................................ 2 

3 

Overview of the Group ........................................................................................................ 4 

4 

Sustainability Approach ...................................................................................................... 9 

5 

Identifying Material ESG Factors ...................................................................................... 10 

6 

Stakeholder Engagement .................................................................................................. 13 

7 

Business Performance and Economic Aspects .............................................................. 15 

8 

Environment Management ................................................................................................ 18 

9 

Social Responsibilities ...................................................................................................... 19 

GRI Content Index ..................................................................................................................... 23 


1 

 

 

1 

About this Report 

China Haida Ltd. (“China Haida” or the “Company”, and together with the Company’s sole and wholly-

owned subsidiary, Jiangyin Litai Ornamental Materials Co., Ltd. (“Litai”), the “Group”) is pleased to 

present the sustainability report covering the Group’s sustainability efforts in the financial year ended 

31 December 2020 (“FY2020”). This report is set out on a “comply or explain” basis in accordance with 

Listing Rule 711B and Practice Note 7.6 Sustainability Reporting Guide of the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”). 

 

As a leading manufacturer of aluminium panels in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), the 

Group is aware that our operations may have an impact on the environment and society. Hence, the 

Group is striving to ensure its business operations are conducted in a sustainable and responsible 

manner. 

 

Reporting Period and Scope 

This sustainability report provides an overview of the Group’s sustainability performance as well as its 

strategies and practices, while highlighting the economic, environmental, and social impact of the 

Company’s activities and developments. Further information on corporate governance, which is part of 

our sustainability, can be found under the section of “Corporate Governance” on pages 11 to 35 of the 

Group’s FY2020 Annual Report.  

 

This sustainability report covers the group for FY2020 from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020. 

 

Reporting Process 

In each reporting cycle, the Group’s Sustainability Reporting Committee (the “SR Committee”) reviews 

the content of the report to determine its relevance to our business as well as to ensure that the current 

and emerging material issues of significance pertaining to sustainability and the interests of our 

stakeholders are addressed. The current SR Committee has reviewed the sustainability report prepared 

by the previous SR Committee and is of the view that the material Environmental, Social and 

Governance (“ESG”) factors identified in the previous sustainability report (for the financial year ended 

31 December 2019 remain relevant. Accordingly, the current SR Committee has recommended to the 

Board of Directors (“Board”) to retain the material ESG factors in this report.  

 

GRI Guidelines 

We would like to inform our stakeholders that we are benchmarking our sustainability efforts in 

accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards. The GRI Sustainability Reporting 

Guidelines provide a globally recognised framework for companies to measure and communicate their 

environmental, economic, social and governance performance. We have prepared our report in 

accordance with the GRI Standards - Core Option. 

 

Feedback 

We appreciate and value feedback from our stakeholders as it gives us the opportunity to continually 

improve our sustainability policies, processes and performance. Kindly address all feedback to the SR 

Committee at john@haida.com.sg. Your feedback is of importance to us so that we can improve on our 

future reporting. 


2 

 

2 

Directors’ Statement 

This year marks the publication of China Haida’s sustainability report for FY2020. At China Haida, we 

recognise the importance of creating long-term value for our stakeholders and believe that it can be 

achieved through sustainable business practices and our commitment to be a responsible corporate 

citizen. 

 

The Board strives to align the Group’s policies and practices with internationally recognised standards 

in the Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) themes, thus allowing us to achieve a balance 

between financial results, social engagement and environmental initiatives whilst ensuring the strategic 

growth of the Group. 

 

The Group established an SR Committee under the guidance of the Board and conducted a formal 

materiality assessment to better manage non-financial risks such as environmental compliance, 

employment, employee health and safety and corporate governance. The SR Committee have identified 

four of the highest ranked material factors for reporting. The SR Committee reports directly to the Board, 

which has considered sustainability issues as part of its strategic formulation, determined the material 

ESG factors and overseen the management and monitoring of these factors. 

 

With the publication of the annual sustainability report, we would therefore like to reinforce our support 

and management of these newly prioritised matters through active engagement with senior 

management who will lead the Group’s sustainability efforts. 

 

Moving forward, we urge our stakeholders to share our commitment to sustainability and work towards 

a common goal of improving the economic, environmental and social well-being of the communities we 

operate in. 

 

MATERIAL DEVELOPMENTS OF THE COMPANY’S SUBSIDIARY, LITAI 

 

The Board wish to highlight that as at the date of this report, there have been material developments to 

the operations of Litai and related announcements have been made since 8 April 2020. The material 

developments are summarised below. 

 

(1)   Litai was named as co-defendent or defendent under the various legal suits and courts’ 

enforcement proceedings. The Company’s Chinese legal counsel, Han Kun Law Office, has taken 

the position that Mr Xu Youcai (“Mr Xu”), a former executive director and chief executive officer 

(office vacated on 9 June 2021), is prima facie causing Litai to be entangled in most of the legal 

suits and enforcement proceedings.  

 

(2)   Due to the various courts’ enforcement cases,  

 

(i)     all bank accounts of Litai, totaled RMB3,487,000 as at 31 December 2020, were frozen and 

fully provided for impairment losses; 

(ii)    the following classes of assets have been named in the various courts orders as assets seized 

by the courts and made available to the respective enforcement applicants: (a) inventory with 

net realizable value of RMB 3,710,000 as at 31 December 2020, (ii) lease prepayments with 

net book value of RMB9,911,000 as at 31 December 2020 and (iii) property, plant and 

equipment with net book value of RMB34,691,000 as at 31 December 2020. On grounds of 

prudence, the Group has provided fully impairment losses on inventory, lease prepayments 

and property, plant and equipment based on their net realisable value or net book value as at 

31 December 2020 even though it may not be necessarily that all the assets listed in (2) (ii) 

above are placed under PRC courts enforcement proceedings; and 

(iii)   the Group made provision for courts’ enforcement cases of RMB15,810,000.  

 

(3)   Based on the individual search conducted by the Company’s Chinese legal counsel on Mr Xu, in 

addition to being named as a co-respondent/co-defendant (as previously disclosed), Mr Xu has also 

been named as the sole respondent/defendant in several enforcement cases.  

 

 

 


3 

 

(4)   Both Mr Xu and Litai are also subject to several Consumption Restriction Orders (“CRO”) issued 

by the competent courts in China. A pre-condition to making such CROs is where the judgement 

debtor has failed to fulfil or satisfy his/her or its payment obligations within the period specified in 

an effective legal instrument (such as a court judgement or an enforcement order).  Where a CRO 

is made against a judgment debtor that is an entity, the legal representative, principal, persons 

directly responsible for debt settlement, or effective controller of that entity will also be subject to 

the same restrictions on consumption as stipulated in the CRO.   

 

(5)   As at 31 December 2020, the Group is in net liability position of RMB 8.8 million.   

 

(6)  On 28 June 2021, the Company received a Notice of Compliance from the Singapore Exchange 

Regulation (the “SGX RegCo”) regarding, inter alia, certain irregularities in connection with Litai (the 

“NoC”). The NoC requires the Company to appoint a suitable independent special auditor 

acceptable to SGX RegCo. Please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 28 June 2021 for 

more information. 

 

Mr Xu and the former non-executive chairman, Ms Zhao Guiyin (office vacated on 9 June 2021) remain 

uncontactable to date.  

 

 

 

31 July 2021 

 

Executive Director 

Soh Yeow Hwa


4 

 

3 

Overview of the Group 

The Board wish to highlight that as at the date of this report, there have 

been material developments to Litai’s operation, please refer to the 

Directors’ Statement on pages 2 and 3 of this report.  

Corporate Profile for FY2020 

China Haida Ltd. (the “Company”), a Singapore investment holding company, was listed on the 

Mainboard of the SGX-ST since 24 November 2004. Our wholly-owned subsidiary in China, Jiangyin 

Litai Ornamental Materials Co., Ltd (formerly known as Jiangyin Litai Decorative Materials Co., Ltd) 

(“Litai” and collectively, the “Group”), is a leading manufacturer of aluminium panels in the PRC. Litai 

was established in 1997 by our founder and former Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), Mr Xu Youcai, and 

is based in Jiangyin City, Jiangsu Province in the PRC. Litai is capable of manufacturing a wide range 

of aluminium panels for various applications in the building and construction industries.  

 

Litai produces a wide range of Aluminium Composite Panels (“ACP”) and Aluminium Single Panels 

(“ASP”) which are sold under the renowned “Haida” brand, locally and abroad. We have successfully 

developed ACP of different colour surfaces and various finishes, which are suitable for interior and 

exterior uses. ASP, which are single solid sheets of metal, are also suitable for both interior and exterior 

applications in the construction of commercial, industrial and residential buildings as well as in 

infrastructure projects. 

 

The Company incorporated CHD Engineering and Trading Pte. Ltd. (“CHD”), AAAAA Holdings Pte Ltd 

(“5A”) and Jiangyin Xinwan International Trade Limited (“Xinwan”) in the first half of 2021 to engage in 

the trading of aluminium and metal products. 

 

Our strengths lie in our established and reputable track record for quality products and innovation that 

have won many awards and world-class certifications. We are constantly engaged in the design and 

development of new and innovative aluminium panels as well as improving our existing range of 

aluminium panels with a view to enhance our competitiveness and provide better products to our 

customers. Our aluminium panels were sold through an extensive and established network in more 

than 25 major provinces and cities in China. In addition, we also have an extensive overseas export 

network in more than 20 countries including North and South America, Asia Pacific and Europe. 

 

Vision 

China Haida strives to be considered as the leading manufacturer of aluminium panels. 

 

Mission 

China Haida enhances the strength and trust in our brand name through safe and reliable products. 

 

Corporate Strength 

Over the years, to achieve our vision and mission, we have developed and will continue to enhance 

our strength. 

 

 


5 

 

 

• 

A good track record and reputation in the industry 

We have established a good track record and reputation in the industry by consistently delivering 

quality products and providing quality support services to our customers. We have been involved 

in many high-profile projects including, amongst others, the construction of the following. 

 

Beijing 

Diaoyutai 

State 

Guesthouse (北京钓鱼台国宾馆) 

Beijing International Airport 

(北京国际机场) 

Dubai Gulf Commercial Buildings 

（迪拜海湾商业大厦） 

 

 

 

Four-season Garden Hotel of 

Nantong City 

(南通市四季花园酒店) 

 

( 

New York Walls Project 

美国纽约华尔街项目) 

 

( 

Ukraine Projects 

乌克兰项目) 

 

 

 

 

 

110 Command Centre of 

Jiangyin City 

(江阴市 110 控制中心) 

 

( 

Anshan Jingzi Street Square 

辽宁省鞍山市景子街广场) 

 

( 

Army Security College, CPLA 

陆军安全学院) 

 

 

 

 

 

Audit Office of Jilin Province 

(吉林省审计局) 

 

( 

Changchun Railway Station 

长春火车站) 

 

 

( 

Jiaozhou Municipal Government 

Building of Shandong Province 

山东省胶州市政府大楼) 

 

 

 


























6 

 

• 

An extensive sales network and strong marketing team 

We have an extensive and established sales network in more than 25 major provinces and cities in 

the PRC. We also have an extensive overseas export network in various countries including United 

Arab Emirates, India, Japan, Vietnam, Sri Lanka, Israel, Turkey, Kazakhstan, Russia, USA, Brazil, 

and Peru. In view of our extensive sales network and strong marketing team, we are well positioned 

to sell our products to a wide domestic and international market. 

 

In addition, the Company has in 2021 put in place a project team to source for new business 

acquisitions and seek strategic alliance and collaboration with local companies to take on projects 

in Singapore and around the region closer to home. We have identified and narrowed down to 

several parties and will be engaging these potential parties in active discussions. The Company 

has incorporated CHD, 5A and Xinwan in the first half of 2021 to engage in the trading of aluminium 

and metal products, with the aim to increase revenue stream.  

 

On 24 May 2021, CHD entered into a joint venture agreement with K-United Builder Pte. Ltd. to 

collaborate and leverage on each party’s resources to supply and install aluminium products for 1 

commercial project in Malaysia and 2 residential projects in Singapore. These projects are 

expected to contribute to the Group’s earnings going forward. The business activities to be 

conducted under the joint venture are in the ordinary course of the Group’s core business relating 

to the manufacture, sale and installation of aluminium products. 

 

• 

Investment in Research and Development (R&amp;D) to improve our products 

We are continuously seeking to improve the range and quality of our products. We have established 

working relationships with research institutes to research on and develop technology relating to 

Aluminium Composite Panels, Aluminium Single Panels and other related products. 

 

 

• 

An experienced management team 

We have an experienced management team comprising of Mr Soh Yeow Hwa (Executive Director 

of the Company), Mr Lai Shih-Wei (General Manager for greater China region), Mr Wang Zaiquan 

(Sales &amp; Marketing Manager), Mr Gong Guohong (Chief Production Officer), Mr Xu Gang (Chief 

Engineering Officer) and Mr Chen Wei (Department Head for Administration). Information of the 

management team can found at pages 8 and 9 of the Group’s FY2020 Annual Report.  

 

Goals and Achievements 

The Group aims to continuously seek to widen the range and improve quality of our products and 

establish new working relationships with research institutes to research on and develop new technology 

to keep up with the changing needs and demands of our customers. 

 

 

 

 


7 

 

Our subsidiary, Litai, has attained several certifications such as the following: 

 

 

 

ISO 9001 Quality Management System 

renewed in 2018. 

 

 

ISO 14001 Environment Management System 

in 2018. 

 

 

 

 

ONSAS18001 Occupational Health And Safety  

        Management System Certificate in 2018 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 








8 

 

Litai received new Certificate for Quality Management System issued on 6 Feb 2018 and valid till 5 Feb 

2021. 

 

Litai has also received new Certificate for Environmental Management System issued on 6 Feb 2018 

and valid till 5 Feb 2021. 

 

As at the date of this report, Litai has not yet engaged Shanghai Certification Center of Quality 

Technology for the renewal of the Certificate for Quality Management System and Certificate for 

Environmental Management System due to the material developments as detailed in pages 2 and 3 of 

this report. 

 

Membership of Associations 

Aspiring to widen our exposure to industry standards and collaborate within and beyond the industry to 

improve on current sustainable practices, Litai has taken active participation in China Building 

Decoration Materials Association - Aluminium-plastic Composite Branch (中国建筑装饰材料铝塑复合

分会) and Shanghai Decoration and Curtain Wall Association (上海装饰装修幕墙协会). 

 

 

 

 

 


9 

 

 

4 

Sustainability Approach 

The Board wish to highlight that as at the date of this report, there have 

been material developments to Litai’s operation, please refer to the 

Directors’ Statement on pages 2 and 3.  

Our Approach 

The Group’s strategic approach has transformed across the years, from a classical economic-based 

strategy to a sustainability-oriented approach. This approach encompasses balancing holistic goals of 

economic, environmental and social perspectives with our commitment to actively engage stakeholders 

throughout the value-delivery process; our sustainability approach extends beyond meeting stakeholder 

requirements to enhancing stakeholder participation in our chain of sustainable value creation. 

 

Recognising key challenges and risks involved in sustainable development under the backdrop of our 

competitive industry, we have established a SR Committee to balance our sustainable goals with our 

dedication to delivering quality products and services to our stakeholders. 

 

Committee Structure 

The SR Committee was previously headed by the Executive Director, Mr Guo Yun (who resigned on 15 

January 2020),. The current SR Committee is now headed by the Executive Director, Mr Soh Yeow 

Hwa and other members of the management, including senior management from critical business 

functions, such as finance, operations, human resources and procurement under its subsidiary The 

focus of the SR Committee lies in the areas of formulating, implementing and reviewing the Group’s 

sustainable policies and practices, sustainability development programs and initiatives. Periodical 

reviews are made to ensure the effective implementation and engagement of the Group as a whole and 

in line with the Group’s strategic developments. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


10 

 

 

5 

Identifying Material ESG Factors 

The Board wish to highlight that as at the date of this report, there have 

been material developments to Litai’s operation, please refer to the 

Directors’ Statement on pages 2 and 3 of this report.  

A robust process was undertaken to identify and prioritise the Group’s material Environment, Social and 

Governance (“ESG”) issues. The Group had previously engaged a team of external sustainability 

consultants to assist the Group’s SR Committee in identifying and prioritizing issues that are most 

material and relevant to the Group and its stakeholders. These issues are then linked to the overall 

strategy management and corporate social responsibility. The ESG Materiality Assessment was 

performed  where each ESG factor in the GRI ESG universe was thereafter ranked by the SR 

Committee members according to the influence on stakeholders’ decisions and significance of 

environmental and social impacts. Subsequently, a reporting plan on the identified GRI factors has been 

established based on the aggregated assessment results. 

 

The SR Committee has identified the following material ESG factors for FY2020: 

 

• 

GRI 201 – Economic Performance 

• 

GRI 307 – Environmental Compliance 

• 

GRI 401 – Employment 


11 

 

Material ESG Factor Summary 

 

Focus 

Impact to Stakeholders 

FY2020 Performance 

Commitments &amp; Targets 

 

 

Economic 

Performance 

 

 

Financial performance is one of the key 

factors which affects our investors’ and 

shareholders’ confidence level. 

• 

Substantial decline in turnover during 

FY2020 due mainly to shut down of 

production plant of Litai during COVID-19 

lockdown in the PRC, followed by the 

temporary suspension of factory in August 

2020. In addition, export sales had been 

badly 

affected 

by 

the 

COVID-19 

pandemic. 

• 

Litai was named as co-defendent or 

defendent under the various legal suits 

and courts’ enforcement proceedings.  

• 

Due to lower sales, negative gross margin, 

allowance for impairment loss on financial 

assets, impairment losses on pledged 

assets due to courts’ enforcement cases, 

provision for courts’ enforcement cases 

and write down in inventory to net 

realizable value, the Group recorded a net 

loss of approximately RMB181.4 million in 

FY2020. 

• 

As at 31 December 2020, the Group is in 

net liability position of RMB 8.8 million.   

 

• 

The Group has incorporated CHD 

Engineering Pte Ltd (“CHD”) in Singapore 

in February 2021 for the trading of the 

aluminium products in Singapore and the 

ASEAN region.  

• 

The Group has incorporated Jiangyin 

Xinwan International Trade Limited in the 

PRC in April 2021 for the trading of 

aluminium products in the PRC and 

outside China. 

• 

The Group will keep strengthening its

 financial performances. 

• 

Strive to reduce current administration 

and operating expenses 

 

Environmental 

Compliance 

Non-compliance with the People Republic 

of 

China 

(the 

“PRC”)’s 

and 

local 

government’s environmental rules and 

regulations will result in fines and 

disciplinary actions. 

• 

Full compliance with the PRC’s and local 

government’s environmental rules and 

regulations 

• 

Maintain full compliance with PRC’s and 

local government’s environmental rules 

and regulations 


12 

 

 

 

 

Employment 

 

 

Fair 

and 

merit-based 

employment 

practices are important to our employees, 

investors, regulators, and community as 

they affect our ability to attract, retain and 

develop local talents under the direct hire 

of the Group’s offices and operations. 

• 

Same 

salary 

and 

benefit 

structure 

in accordance with local regulations and 

requirements and regardless of gender 

and domicile. 

• 

Sustainable attrition rate 

• 

No major change in key management 

personnel 

• 

Training courses and programs relevant to 

individual’s job scope are sponsored by 

the Group 

• 

Internal transfer opportunities for staff to 

unleash their potentials in posts that may 

be more suitable for them 

 

• 

Review employee benefits and improve 

on talent retention 

• 

Internal and external training courses 

relevant to the job scopes of staff 

• 

Introduce and promote work life balance. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


13 

6 

Stakeholder Engagement 

The Board wish to highlight that as at the date of this report, there have 

been material developments to Litai’s operation, please refer to the 

Directors’ Statement on pages 2 and 3 of this report. 

A great collaboration with stakeholders supports us in addressing sustainability challenges. We 

continue to promote ongoing communication and active engagement with our stakeholders. We 

incorporate their feedback into our planning and actions where appropriate and relevant to our 

businesses. Their feedback has helped us strengthening the relevance of our reporting and approach 

to managing China Haida’s material issues. 

 

In identifying the key groups of stakeholders, we assessed the level of significance of the stakeholders’ 

interests in sustainability issues, the potential impact and influence of these stakeholders on the Group’s 

businesses and operations. 

 

The following five key stakeholder groups have been identified: 

 

i. 

Our Employees 

 

ii. 

Our Customers 

 

iii. 

Our Shareholders and Investors 

 

iv. 

Our Business Partners 

 

v. 

Our Community 

 

The potential impact and significance of these stakeholders on the Group’s businesses and operations, 

key issues of each stakeholder and our ways of engaging each of them are summarised below: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


14 

 

Stakeholder Engagement Summary 

 

Stakeholder 

Impact and Significance 

Key Issues 

Engagement Platforms 

Employees 

Our employees are part of our human capital 

whose 

competencies 

and 

well-being 

are 

fundamental 

to 

the 

Group’s 

operational 

effectiveness. 

• 

Talent retention and attraction 

• 

Employee safety and well-being 

• 

Training and development opportunities 

• 

Efforts to promote work-life balance 

• 

Remuneration and benefits 

• 

Employee welfare and well-being 

• 

Employee volunteerism 

• 

Regular staff dialogue sessions 

• 

Training programs and courses 

• 

Safety briefings and courses 

• 

Festival celebrations and gifts as token of 

appreciation 

Customers 

and End 

Customers 

Maximising 

our 

customers’ 

satisfaction, 

understanding 

our 

customers’ 

needs 

and 

expectations 

and 

building 

long 

lasting 

relationships with our customers are of great 

importance to us in improving our economic 

performance. 

• 

Customer satisfaction and experience 

• 

Quality products and services 

• 

Environmental conservation 

• 

Communication 

• 

Full compliance with the PRC’s and local 

government’s environmental rules and 

regulations 

• 

Regular site visits to customers’ business 

premises 

• 

Face-to-face meetings 

• 

Customer satisfaction survey 

Shareholders 

and Investors 

Shareholders and Investors play an important 

role in the financing, operations, governance and 

growth aspects of a business. 

• 

Financial stability 

• 

Long-term growth plans 

• 

Market diversification 

• 

Risk management 

• 

Corporate governance 

• 

Sustainability efforts 

• 

Haida’ company website 

• 

Half-yearly financial results 

announcements 

• 

Annual reports 

• 

Annual General Meeting 

• 

Extraordinary General Meeting, where 

necessary 

Business 

Partners 

Close 

partnership 

with 

suppliers 

and 

subcontractors in our value chain helps us to 

ensure that all our operations are carried out in 

line 

with 

industry 

leading 

practices 

and 

sustainability efforts. 

• 

Quality assurance 

• 

Certifications 

• 

Supply chain management 

• 

Occupational health and safety practices 

• 

Supplier's Code of Conduct 

• 

Regular supplier visits / meetings 

• 

Annual performance evaluation 

• 

Safety briefings and courses 

Community 

Being a responsible corporate citizen to the 

society, environment and the people around us is 

important as it can attract positive publicity, help 

to attract and retain good employees, and 

improve relationship with customers and their 

communities. 

• 

Doing our part as a responsible corporate 

citizen 

• 

Volunteering and charitable events 

 

 

 


15 

 

7 

Business Performance and Economic Aspects 

The Board wish to highlight that as at the date of this report, there have 

been material developments to Litai’s operation, please refer to the 

Directors’ Statement on pages 2 and 3 of this report.  

Financial Overview 

The Group’s revenue for FY2020 fell approximately 85.2% or RMB177.1 million, from RMB207.8 million 

in FY2019 to RMB30.7 million attributed mainly to the shut down of production plant of Litai during 

COVID-19 lockdown in the PRC, followed by the temporary suspension of the plant in August 2020. In 

addition, export sales had been badly affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The Group’s revenue for 

FY2020 included revenue of RMB0.2 million from the trading of aluminium products by the Company 

that commenced in December 2020 as part of its efforts to increase revenue streams. 

 

Due to lower sales, gross loss, allowance for impairment loss on financial assets, impairment loss on 

assets due to courts’ enforcement cases, provision for courts’ enforcement cases and write down in 

inventory to net realizable value, the Group recorded a net loss of approximately RMB181.4 million in 

FY2020 as compared to a net loss of approximately RMB50.8 million in FY2019. 

 

Commitment to Sustainable Operations 

Product innovation and development has been the key to our success and we remained committed to 

investing time and resources to research and develop new products. We have added new panels of 

varied types, colours, features to enhance our existing range to cater to customers’ demands and 

specifications. In addition, we have developed and launched the fireproof aluminium panels in 2018. 

We will continuously strive to ensure that the high-quality standards of our ‘Haida’ aluminium panels are 

maintained. 

 

We are committed to improve and enhance our production processes and more efficient utilisation of 

resources. The Group is always committed to nurturing and developing its employees through skills 

training as it recognises that people are the key to the success of a sustainable operation. 

 

The Group’s net liabilities position was RMB 8.8 million as at 31 December 2020 compared to the net 

assets of RMB 172.6 million as at 31 December 2019.  

 

Business Outlook and COVID-19 

The Group’s focus in the near term will be to steer the Group out of its current difficult position by 

building growth platforms for a sustainable future. As the first step forward, the Company had, on 21 

January 2021, reconstituted the Board and Board Committees with the appointment of Mr Zhu Peng as 

independent director and re-designation of Mr Soh Yeow Hwa from independent director to executive 

director. As such, the Board is strengthened. The Board is cognizant of the imperative need to revitalize 

the Group’s business and will strive to turnaround the Company with sustainable businesses.  

 

The Company have since put in place a project team to source for new business acquisitions and seek 

strategic alliance and collaboration with local companies to take on projects in Singapore and around 

the region closer to home. We have identified and narrowed down to several parties and will be 

engaging these potential parties in active discussions. The Company has incorporated CHD, 5A and 

Xinwan in the first half of 2021 to engage in the trading of aluminium and metal products, with the aim 

to increase revenue stream.  

 

On 24 May 2021, CHD entered into a joint venture agreement with K-United Builder Pte. Ltd. to 

collaborate and leverage on each party’s resources to supply and install aluminium products for 1 

commercial project in Malaysia and 2 residential projects in Singapore. These projects are expected to 

contribute to the Group’s earnings going forward. The business activities to be conducted under the 

joint venture are in the ordinary course of the Group’s core business relating to the manufacture, sale 

and installation of aluminium products. 

 


16 

 

In addition, Litai has also resumed part of its operations, which includes sourcing for new orders, 

collection of trade debts and other administrative activities. 

 

As previously disclosed by the Company, legal and enforcement proceedings relating to Litai have been 

discovered and the Company has engaged GFE Law Office, a law firm in China to, among others, 

evaluate the facts of each case to determine whether it is advisable to challenge the enforcement 

awards against Litai, so as to determine the impact of such litigation claims to the Company’s financials. 

The Company will make updates as and when appropriate on the litigation claims and legal 

proceedings. 

 

COVID-19 will have an adverse impact on the Group’s operations and trading results, the extent of which 

will depend on how long the outbreak lasts. Should the situation persist for a protracted period, the risk 

to the Group could include lower revenue and gross margins affected by travel restrictions and lock down 

measures, delay or default in payment by customers affecting operating cash flows, and fall in value of 

financial and non-financial assets. Group has to focus on survival to resume its operations and will 

continue to manage its operating costs, improve and innovate to improve quality of panels and look into 

areas of automation of more processes to increase productivity and efficiency.  

 

As disclosed above, the Company had received a NoC from SGX RegCo on 28 June 2021 regarding, 

inter alia, certain irregularities in connection with Litai. Pursuant to the NoC, the Company is taking active 

steps to address the concerns of SGX Regco as well as to comply with the requirements set out in the 

NoC, including the appointment of a suitable independent special auditor acceptable to SGX RegCo. 

Please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 28 June 2021 for more information 

 

Meanwhile, we will remain vigilant on internal cost control, cash collection, cash management and will 

continue to safeguard the assets of the Group. The Group will continue to strive to be responsible to 

our shareholder and be operationally ready to meet the many challenges and opportunities in the future.


17 

 

Direct Economic Value Distributed 

 

It is of utmost importance to create wealth for our stakeholders, to the best of our abilities. Hence, we 

strive to drive operational and financial improvements constantly. 

 

The following table provides a summary of economic value distributed in FY2020 based on GRI’s 

disclosure categories: 

 

FY2020 

RMB’000 

Operating costs (COGS) 

36,463 

Employees compensation and benefits 

17,632 

Payment to government  

2,169 

Total Economic Value Distributed 

56,264 

 

Defined Benefit Plan, Obligations and Other Retirement Plans 

The Group makes monthly contributions to the employees’ compulsory saving / retirement plans, as 

mandated by the local government in different jurisdictions. The fund is a social security system that 

tackles our employees’ financial concerns regarding healthcare, home ownership, family protection and 

asset enhancement. We view this scheme as a good opportunity to reward our employees and relieve 

them from the burden of personal finances. Contribution rates for employers vary depending on the 

country jurisdiction. As our companies are set up in Singapore and the PRC, we follow different 

schemes and their corresponding employer’s contribution rates: 

• 

Singapore – Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) 

• 

The PR – Five social insurance and one housing fund (“五险一金”) 

 

Financial Assistance Received from Government 

The Group has obtained a total of RMB252,000 of government subsidies from Jiangyin treasury 

payment centre for promoting its export businesses overseas (江阴市财政国库集中支付中心 - 国际贸

易补贴款) and employment credit incentive given by the Singapore government in FY2020. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


18 

 

8 

Environment Management 

The Board wish to highlight that as at the date of this report, there have 

been material developments to Litai’s operation, please refer to the 

Directors’ Statement on pages 2 and 3 of this report.  

The Group recognises that its business activities form an integral part of the environment and thus is 

committed to conserving and protecting the environment in which we operate. We strive to be a good 

corporate citizen by continually improving our environmental performance. 

 

Our environment efforts are focused on maximising materials utilisation, reducing energy consumption, 

minimising wastes, which at the same time also has positive impact on our cost management. Other 

than our operational efforts to minimise environmental impacts, we actively encourage our employees 

through casual dialogues and publications in our notice board to protect the environment by saving 

energy and reduce wastes through the bit petty thing from daily life. 

 

Usage of Materials 

The Group purchases a wide range of raw materials from its suppliers, with aluminium alloy being the 

main raw material for manufacturing ACP and ASP. Our suppliers are assessed and selected by the 

procurement team based on the quality of materials supplied, length of business relationship with the 

Group as well as their pricing, qualification, reliability and punctuality of delivery. The Group did not 

encounter any difficulties in sourcing for raw materials to meet its production requirements. 

 

 

Furthermore, we choose environment-friendly paints for spraying all our products. We always 

emphasize on the design optimisation to maximize the material utilisation and reduce wastage. All the 

production scraps are sold to qualified vendors for disposal. 

 

Environmental Compliance 

Litai, where our production facilities locate, has been certified ISO 14001 Environmental Management 

System since March 2007. We continuously monitor and comply with the environmental requirement 

set forth by the local government as it is getting tighten over the past decade as a result of Chinese 

government’s initiatives to fight against pollutions. 

 

Litai has renewed and received the Certificate for Environmental Management System which complied 

with requirements of ISO14001 on 6 Feb 2018, the certificate is valid for a period of 3 years till 5 Feb 

2021. As at the date of this report, Litai has not yet engaged Shanghai Certification Center of Quality 

Technology for the renewal of the Certificate for Environmental Management System due to the material 

developments as detailed in pages 2 and 3 of this report. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


19 

 

92%

8%

Workforce by Region

Local

Other regions



9 

Social Responsibilities  

The Board wish to highlight that as at the date of this report, there have 

been material developments to Litai’s operation, please refer to the 

Directors’ Statement on pages 2 and 3 of this report.  

Our People, Our Strength 

The Group recognises that our strength lies in our people. We firmly believe in the importance of talent 

development to the sustainable growth of the Group. Every year, we continue to dedicate time and 

resources to develop our people, to ensure that our talent will continue to be engaged, encouraged and 

empowered to soar together towards our common goal. 

 

As part of our commitment to developing talent, we strive to create an inclusive workplace where each 

individual is valued and recognised for his or her contribution. We recognise the importance of diversity 

in strengthening our core values of teamwork, communication and creativity, and in forming a competent 

and united workforce. We provide equal opportunities to all employees regardless of gender and 

domicile without discrimination. 

 

As of 31 December 2020, we have a total of 282 full-time employees. The outbreak of the COVID-19 

pandemic in early 2020 has resulted in the lockdown of Jiangyin City on several occasions which led to 

the shutdown of production plant of Litai. Subsequently, the production plant was suspended for several 

months from August 2020. As a result, production activities and operations were adversely impacted 

and halted for several months in FY2020, which resulted in the huge slump in the Group’s FY2020 

revenue by approximately 85.2%. In addition, the already dire situation was exacerbated by the various 

litigation claims and courts’ enforcement rulings against Litai. These factors have contributed to the 

employees’ turnover rate of approximately 15%. 

 

We value the importance of diversity and embrace a mixture of genders, age groups and regions. We 

have a gender ratio of 80% males to 20% females. On one hand, due to the industry characteristics 

and work nature, our frontline is male dominated. On the other hand, our supporting functions at back 

offices, such as finance and human resource, are well gender-balanced. 

 

Our main workforce aged between 30 and 50 years old while the management are experienced staff 

aged above 50 years old. Besides hiring from our local region, we also reach out extensively to talent 

and manpower beyond our local region (Jiangyin City, Jiangsu Province); 8% of our employees come 

from other regions / provinces of the PRC. 

 

 

80%

20%

Workforce by Gender

Males

Females


20 

 

40%

60%

0%

Resignees by Age 

Group

Below 30

31 to 50

Above 50

New Hires and Resignations 

We have 50 staff who left us on their own accords and there were 1 new hire in FY2020. 94% of the 

resignees were males while 6% were females. The resignees were mostly labour- intensive frontline 

workers. As at 31 December 2020, our key management team remained stable and unchanged. 

 

Two-thirds of resignees came from the age group between 31 and 50 years old and more than half of 

the resignees were from other regions in the PRC. During the exit interviews we conducted with every 

each resignee to better understand their thoughts and reasons for leaving, we learned that the main 

cause is that after having worked away from hometown for many years and gained certain level of 

financial stability, staff from other regions in the PRC tend to return to their hometown to settle down 

with their family. We understand and respect their decisions and meanwhile, we also want to reflect 

what we can do to better integrate our staff from other regions in the PRC into Jiangyin City and even 

make it possible and viable for them to settle down in Jiangyin. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Aiming to maintain a strong and stable workforce and a low attrition rate, we firmly commit to providing 

our employees with more development opportunities to ensure a sustainable operations model. We 

also aim to continuously refine our hiring strategy and improve on the workplace culture, with the aim 

of engaging, retaining and grooming our talent. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

12%

88%

Resignee by Regions

Local

Other regions

94%

6%

Resignee by Gender

Male

Female


21 

 







Benefits and Welfare 

With our people being our assets, we believe in valuing and recognising our people’s achievements 

through rewards and competitive remunerations. Each of our employees is entitled to a set of attractive 

benefits including but not limited to: 

 

Item 

Benefits 

Descriptions 

1 

Five social insurance 

and one housing fund 

(“五险一金”) 

Employees are entitled to five social insurances and one housing 

fund contributed by the Group according to the labour law in PRC 

as follows: 

(a) Endowment insurance; 

(b) Occupational insurance; 

(c) Medical insurance; 

(d) Unemployment insurance; 

(e) Maternity insurance; and 

(f) Housing Provident Funds. 

2 

Medical benefits and 

health screenings 

Employees 

are 

reimbursed 

for 

medical 

consultations. 

We 

also 

arrange annual health screenings for 

our employees to ensure that our 

employees are in the best of health. 

3 

Disability and Life 

Insurance 

All our employees are covered under insurance for work-related 

injuries. This accords them with some financial protection in the 

event of incidents arising under working circumstances. 

Our life insurance also provides financial support and risk coverage 

to intermediate families in the event the employee 

suffers from critical illness or permanent disability. 

4 

Year-end performance 

bonus 

Employees are entitled to year-end performance bonuses 

depending on the performance of the Group and individual upon 

appraisal. 

5 

Free staff meal 

Employees on duty are entitled to free meals provided by the 

Company. 

6 

Festival celebrations 

and gifts 

We organise company events 

annually 

to 

celebrate 

and 

recognise 

the 

efforts 

of 

our 

employees. Embracing diversity 

and to honour our rich heritage and 

culture, we celebrate important 

festivals as a company and often 

provide 

festive 

gifts 

to 

our 

employees. Festivals we celebrate 

include: International Women’s 

Day, Spring Festival, and also Mid-

autumn Festival. 

 

The Group is periodically reviewing and enhancing our resource policies and practices to provide a fair 

and safe workplace for our employees. In line with our Group’s core values of teamwork, we strive to 

promote a safe and conducive workplace for our people to perform efficiently and effectively. 

 

 

 

 

 


22 

 

Parental Leave 

With the goal of revitalising population growth and with the formal phasing out of the four-decade old 

one-child policy in recent years, the Chinese government’s family planning policy has also shifted to 

one that is more pro-family. In support of the government’s pro-family legislations, the Group adopts 

welfare practices and strives to build a family-friendly workplace culture. As part of the enhancements 

of the family planning policy, female and male staff are entitled to 90 and 15 days of maternity and 

paternity leave respectively. The Group will continually work towards building a pro-parent workplace 

through enhancing our company welfare practices and culture. 

 

Community Activities 

China Haida recognizes the importance of 

actively 

supporting 

our 

communities 

and 

contribute back to the society. For many years, 

we have been supporting schools through 

scholarships and cash donations. We firmly 

believe in sponsoring initiatives that promotes 

education, 

sports, 

environment 

and 

conservation. In the past, China Haida had been 

giving out scholarships to students of Huashi 

Senior High School (中国江苏省江阴市华士高

级中学) to fulfil their education’s dreams. 

 

Labour Union’s Work 

The purpose of the labour union is to provide financial reliefs to our employees in the Group, organise 

activities such as commendation ceremony and medical check-up. Every year, while the majority 

funding comes from the Group, our employees contribute a very small portion of their salary on a 

voluntary basis.  

 






23 

 

GRI Content Index 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

102-1 * 

Name of the organization 

Annual Report FY2020, Page 1 

102-2 * 

Activities, brands, 

products, and services 

Annual Report FY2020, Page 2 

102-3 * 

Location of headquarters 

Annual Report FY2020, Page 1 

102-4 * 

Location of operations 

Annual Report FY2020, Page 1 

102-5 * 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report FY2020, Page 1 

102-6 * 

Markets served 

An extensive sales network and 

strong marketing team (Page 6) 

102-7 * 

Scale of the organization 

Our People, Our Strength (Page 19) 

102-8 * 

Information on employees 

and other workers 

Our People, Our Strength (Page 19) 

102-9 * 

Supply chain 

Usage of Materials (Page 18) 

 

102-10 * 

Significant changes to the 

organization and its supply 

chain 

 

None 

102-11 * 

Precautionary Principle or 

approach 

Sustainability Approach (Page 9) 

102-12 * 

External initiatives 

Community Activities (Page 22) 

102-13 * 

Membership of 

associations 

Membership of Associations (Page 

8) 

GRI 102: 

Strategy 

102-14 * 

Statement from senior 

decision-maker 

Board Statement (Page 2) 

GRI 102: Ethics 

and Integrity 

 

102-16 * 

Values, principles, 

standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Vision, Mission and Corporate 

Strength (Page 4 to 6) 

GRI 102: 

Governance 

102-18 * 

Governance structure 

Committee Structure (Page 9) 

GRI 102: 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

 

102-40 * 

 

List of stakeholder groups 

 

Stakeholder Engagement (Page 11 

to 12) 

 

102-41 * 

 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

 

None 

 

102-42 * 

 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

 

Stakeholder Engagement (Page 13 

to 14) 


24 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

 

 

102-43 * 

 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

 

Stakeholder Engagement (Page 13 

to 14) 

 

102-44 * 

 

Key topics and concerns 

raised 

 

Stakeholder Engagement (Page 13 

to 14) 

GRI 102: 

Reporting 

Practice 

 

102-45 * 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

China Haida Ltd. 

Jiangyin Litai Decorative Materials 

Co., Ltd. 

 

102-46 * 

 

Defining report content 

and topic Boundaries 

 

Identifying Material ESG Factors 

(Page 10) 

 

102-47 * 

 

List of material topics 

 

Identifying Material ESG Factors 

(Page 10) 

 

102-48 * 

 

Restatements of 

information 

 

No changes, same as first SR 

report. 

 

102-49 * 

 

Changes in reporting 

 

No changes, same as first SR 

report 

 

 

102-50 * 

 

Reporting period 

 

       1.1.2020 to 31.12.2020 (Page 1) 

 

102-51 * 

 

Date of most recent report 

 

31 December 2020 

 

102-52 * 

 

Reporting cycle 

 

Reporting Period and Scope (Page 

1) 

 

102-53 * 

 

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report 

 

Feedback (Page 1) 

 

102-54 * 

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

 

Core options (33 items) 

 

102-55 * 

 

GRI content index 

 

GRI Content Index (Page 23 to 25) 

 

102-56 * 

 

External Assurance 

 

None 


25 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 201: 

Economic 

Performance 

 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

Business Performance and 

Economic Aspects (Page 15) 

 

201-1 

Direct economic value 

generated and 

distributed 

Direct Economic Value 

Distributed (Page 17) 

 

201-2 

Financial implications 

and other risks and 

opportunities due to 

climate change 

 

None 

 

201-3 

Defined benefit plan 

obligations and other 

retirement plans 

Defined Benefit Plan Obligations 

and Other Retirement Plans (Page 

17) 

 

201-4 

Financial assistance 

received from 

government 

Financial Assistance Received 

from Government (Page 17) 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 

 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

 

Environment Management (Page 

18) 

 

307-1 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

 

Zero non-compliance incident 

GRI 401: 

Employment 

 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

Our People, Our Strength (Page 

19) 

 

401-1 

New employee hires and 

employee turnover 

New Hires and Resignations 

(Page 20) 

 

 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full- 

time employees that are 

not provided to temporary 

or part-time 

employees 

 

 

Benefits and Welfare (Page 21) 

 

401-3 

 

Parental leave 

 

Parental Leave (Page 22) 

 

