



Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Table of Contents 

1. Highlights .................................................................................................................................................... 1 

1.1 Corporate profile ....................................................................................................................................... 1 

1.2 Message to stakeholders ......................................................................................................................... 3 

1.3 Scope of sustainability report ................................................................................................................... 4 

2. Our approach to sustainability ................................................................................................................. 5 

2.1 Sustainability organisational structure ...................................................................................................... 5 

2.2 Sustainability strategy .............................................................................................................................. 6 

2.3 Sustainability materiality ........................................................................................................................... 7 

3. Our performance ........................................................................................................................................ 8 

3.1 How we measure our performance .......................................................................................................... 8 

3.2 Quality management ................................................................................................................................ 9 

3.3 Production safety .................................................................................................................................... 11 

3.4 Environmental protection........................................................................................................................ 13 

3.5 Employee well-being .............................................................................................................................. 17 

Appendix A: Sustainability scorecard .......................................................................................................... 20 

Appendix B: Consulting our stakeholders................................................................................................... 21 

Appendix C: GRI content index ..................................................................................................................... 22 

 

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 1 

 

 

 

 

 

1. Highlights 

1.1 Corporate profile 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd (中国高纤控股有限公司) (‘China Gaoxian’ or the ‘Company’), together 

with its subsidiaries (the ‘Group’), are engaged in the manufacturing of premium differentiated fine polyester 

yarn and warp knit fabric in the People’s Republic of China (PRC), under its own “Huaxiang” (华祥) brand. 

By varying the physical, mechanical and chemical properties of the fibres, China Gaoxian produces 

substitutes for other fibres like silk or nylon, but with desirable properties added on in terms of warmth, 

texture and feel, luster, tensile strength, as well as abrasion resistance. As such, our products are widely 

used in the manufacture of mid to high-end apparels and utilities, including sportswear, casual wear, 

upholstery for automobiles and aeroplanes, sports shoes, headgear, curtains, bedding, bags and umbrellas. 

China Gaoxian is well positioned to capture this growing domestic market with an established customer base 

of over 1,500 domestic textile and garment manufacturers, and experienced management with more than 16 

years of expertise in polyester yarn business.  

Our three production facilities are strategically located in Zhejiang and Fujian provinces, otherwise known as 

the two textile hubs of the PRC, which gives it easy access to the entire production chain. It therefore 

enables the Group to respond quickly to customers’ demands and develop long lasting relationships with 

many of its local customers. 

China Gaoxian was listed on the Main Board of the Singapore Exchange in September 2009. 




Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 2 

 

 

 

 

 

We currently have the following product lines: 

Product 

Properties 

Other features 

Polyethylene 

Terephthalate (PET) 

Excellent wear resistance; low 

coefficient of fraction; high flexural 

modulus; superior dimensional 

stability. 

Material for designing mechanical 

and electro-mechanical parts. 

Pre-Oriented Yarn (POY) 

Primary form of polyester yarn. 

Mainly used in texturising to make 

textured yarn. Also be used in draw 

warping for wearing and warp knitting 

of fabrics. 

Fully Drawn Yarn (FDY) 

(with filament count of 24f 

and linear densities of 

35D and 50D) 

High tensile strength; semi-dull; 

softer; smoother feel; wrinkle 

resistance; soft luster. 

Finer in texture as compared to more 

commonly available polyester FDY 

150D/48f. Suitable for high-end 

apparel and home furnishings. 

Drawn Textured Yarn 

(DTY) 

Combines desired properties of 

natural fibre (e.g. warm, bulk, soft 

luster) and polyester fibre (high 

strength, elasticity, stretch and 

abrasion resistance). 

Achieved through a texturing 

process. Fabric manufactured from 

DTY feels warm due to static air 

trapped between fibres, and have a 

softer and greater volume due to 

untwisted fibres. 




Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 3 

 

 

 

 

 

1.2 Message to stakeholders 

On behalf of the Board of Directors of China 

Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holdings Ltd., I am pleased 

to present the Sustainability Report for the year 

ended 31 December 2017 (FY2017).  

As a leading supplier of premium differentiated 

fine polyester yarn in the PRC, China Gaoxian is 

well poised to ensure that the environmental, 

health and safety (EHS) aspects of our business 

operations are sustainable and protecting the 

interests of our stakeholders.  

In our inaugural sustainability report, we will be 

reporting on the Group’s sustainability efforts 

based on our four pillars of sustainable 

development, comprising Quality Management, 

Production Safety, Environmental Protection and 

Employee Well-being. 

Our spinning and polymerisation plant has 

achieved total daily production capacity of 

approximately 1,000 tonnes with approximately 

700 tonnes of POY and FDY and 300 tonnes of 

PET polyester chips.  

During FY2017, our significant subsidiary, 

Huaxiang (China) Premium Fibre Co., Ltd (华祥

（中国）高纤有限公司) (Huaxiang China) 

achieved full production capacity for 8 FDY 

production lines and 8 POY production lines. This 

is the result of continuous improvements to our 

operation and production efficiency.  

 

 

The Chinese government’s emphasis on 

environmentally-friendly industrial operations has 

encouraged us to keep abreast of related 

regulatory developments and consequently 

improving our operations to comply with these 

changes in the regulation.  

We continuously engage with the local 

government representatives to ascertain our 

operations meet the regulatory requirements and 

contribute to the Chinese government’s goal of 

achieving a green economy.  

In addition, we wish to confirm that the Board has 

considered sustainability issues as part of its 

strategic formulation, determined the material 

environmental, social and governance (ESG) 

factors and overseen the management and 

monitoring of the material ESG factors. 

As part of Gaoxian’s commitment to sustainable 

development, we will continue to strive to do 

business in a responsible way.  

On behalf of the Board of Directors 

 

 

 

XIE RULIANG 

Non-Executive and Non-Independent Chairman 

 




Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 4 

 

 

 

 

 

1.3 Scope of sustainability report 

The scope of the report covers information on material sustainability aspects of China Gaoxian, namely the 

Group’s significant subsidiary, Huaxiang China, from 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017 unless otherwise 

specified. This should sufficiently address stakeholders’ concerns in relation to sustainability issues arising 

from the major business operations of the Group. 

This report is prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards: Core Option as it 

provides a set of an extensive framework that is widely accepted as a global standard for sustainability 

reporting. It also considers the Sustainability Reporting Guide in Practice Note 7.6 of the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (SGX-ST) Listing Manual. In preparing our report, we applied the GRI’s 

principles for defining report content and report quality by considering the Group’s activities, impacts and 

substantive expectations and interests of its stakeholders.  

The data and information provided within the report have not been verified by an independent third party. We 

have relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy. 

 

Sustainability contact 

We welcome your views and feedback on our sustainability practices and reporting at ir@china-gaoxian.com. 

 

 




Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 5 

 

 

 

 

 

2. Our approach to sustainability 

2.1 Sustainability organisational structure 

Sustainability is a vital part of our corporate strategy for achieving long-term growth. The values we create for 

our people, the environment and society at large very much determine our financial performance. We 

developed a sustainability organisational structure to move things forward: 

 

 

 



The Board of Directors and CEO formulates related strategies and 

guidelines. 



CFO, together with the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) 

Coordinator, helps to organise and coordinate the CSR work of all 

departments and subsidiaries. 



Members of the committee, comprising the Environmental Protection 

Department, Emergency Response Team, Safety Officer and related 

personnel from various departments are responsible for the 

organisation and implementation of CSR works. 

Board of Directors 

and CEO

Chief Financial Officer

Production Safety and 

Environmental Protection 

Committee




Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 6 

 

 

 

 

 

2.2 Sustainability strategy 

At the Group, our sustainability strategy aims to create integrated values. Together with disciplined execution 

of our strategy and a commitment to doing business responsibly, we commit to deliver value to all our 

stakeholders through the following: 

 

 

Quality  

Management 

 

Production  

Safety 

 

Environmental  

Protection 

 

Employee  

Well-Being 

 

The sustainable strategy is underpinned by our comprehensive internal policies on the following: 

• 

Quality Management (质量管理), which covers aspects on the raw materials quality, supplier 

evaluation, product design, customer communications, quality controls, management of non-

conforming products, and other areas required by ISO 9001: Quality Management System. 

• 

Production Safety Management (安全生产管理), which covers aspects on safety culture, safety 

training and development, equipment safety, emergency response procedures, occupational health 

and safety, and fire safety and prevention. 

• 

Environmental Protection Management (环境保护管理), which covers aspects on air pollution 

monitoring, proper discharge of solid and liquid waste, pollution management, and other areas 

required by ISO 14001: Environmental Management System. 

• 

Human Resources Management (人事管理), which covers aspects on employee handbook, 

department-specific performance evaluations, rewards and penalties. 

The strategy is also guided by external sources, including ISO 9001, ISO 14001, Global Reporting Initiative 

Standards, Sustainability Reporting Guide in Practice Note 7.6 of the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (SGX-ST) Listing Manual.  

 










Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 7 

 

 

 

 

 

2.3 Sustainability materiality 

We recognise the need to continuously develop our responsible business approach in order to address 

growing stakeholder expectations around our impact on the economy, environment and society. As such, we 

periodically consult with our stakeholders to determine the issues that are most relevant to them and China 

Gaoxian. Some of our stakeholder’s comments can be found in Appendix B. 

Using a materiality index, we align our responsible business priorities with the Group’s principal business and 

operational risks, as illustrated in the diagram below. 

We have also developed metrics to help us measure our progress, as indicated in our sustainability 

scorecard in Appendix A. We will review and adjust the material issues and relevant metrices each year, as 

the external and business context changes.  

 



  

  

  

 

 

⚫ Production 

safety  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 management 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Emergency  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 preparedness 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Environmental 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 policy in China 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Environmental  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 protection  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 management 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Emissions  

⚫ Gaseous 

⚫ Stringent quality  

 

 

 

 

 

reduction 

 emissions  

 management 

 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Wastewater  ⚫ Plant capacity  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 management 

 utilisation 

 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Saving water ⚫ Streamlined  

 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Energy 

 

supply chain and 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

efficiency 

 

distribution 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

channel 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Skills competency  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

and employee  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 training 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Performance 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 appraisal 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Equal 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

opportunity 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Employee  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 welfare 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Community  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 initiatives 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Relevance to China Gaoxian 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 8 

 

 

 

 

 

 

3. Our performance 

3.1 How we measure our performance 

Our sustainability strategy is embedded into the appropriate parts of our business, with dedicated teams for 

each focus area, and coordination by our relevant departmental managers. 

Progress will be tracked in two key ways: measuring performance against metrics, and evaluating how well 

the programs have advanced, through a series of ‘commitments’. 

Metrics and targets 

We have established key performance indicators for each of the four focus areas outlined in our sustainability 

strategy. As this is our first year adopting sustainability reporting, we will be establishing quantitative targets 

within the next year to hold ourselves accountable and track how we are doing. 

Periodically, we plan to introduce new metrics and update targets to ensure alignment with our strategy. 

Commitments 

To ensure we have a robust sustainability program in place, we will also publish the key initiatives we plan to 

implement within the next year.  

 




Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 9 

 

 

 

 

 

3.2 Quality management 

Overview 

Huaxiang China is primarily engaged in the manufacture 

and production of premium differentiated fine polyester yarn.  

We are one of the leading suppliers in PRC with our 

advance technologies and strict quality control and 

management system. We have established 

comprehensive procedures to ensure quality throughout 

the production process.  

Stringent quality management 

Huaxiang China is ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System 

certified. We are dedicated to the consistent implementation of our 

quality management policies across every aspect and every 

production unit of the Group.  

Our employees are required to familiarise themselves with and 

uphold Huaxiang China’s Quality Standards: 

Huaxiang China’s Quality Standards 

 

These quality policies are strongly engraved in our employee’s mind 

which will be reflected and applied in their daily work routine. 

From the raw materials receipt and production to the delivery of 

products, we have dedicated quality control teams tasked to ensure 

the quality of our products. 

 

 



Quality

First 

(质量第一)



Customer 

First

(客户至上)



Pursuit of 

Excellence

(追求卓越)



Continuous 

Improvement 

(持续改进)










Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 10 

 

 

 

 

 

Production capacity utilisation 

We believe that effective management of our production and 

operational facilities are keys to our success. To meet the demand of 

our customers and generate maximum interest to our shareholders, 

we closely monitor the production capacity utilisation.  

During FY2017, Huaxiang China plant has achieved full production 

capacity utilisation for 8 FDY production lines, 8 POY production lines 

and 4 FDY with luster production lines. With these improvements of 

production capacity utilisation, Huaxiang China achieved an overall 

production capacity utilisation rate of 95% by end of FY2017. 

Going forward, we will continue to improve its production capacity to 

meet the demand of customer and the growing market.  

Streamlined supply chain and distribution channel 

In December 2016, we entered into a framework supply chain 

cooperation agreement (the ‘Agreement’) with state-owned Zhejiang 

Materials Industry Chemical Group Co., Ltd. (Zhejiang Materials) for 

a period of 3 years commencing from 1 December 2016 to 31 

December 2019.  

According to the Agreement, Zhejiang Materials will be responsible 

for the purchase and supply of key raw materials to Huaxiang China. 

They will also act as the sole distributor of our products. 

 

Supply chain management 

A secure and stable supply chain is very important 

to ensure the smooth and uninterrupted operation 

of our production activities. 

Huaxiang China’s major raw materials are Purified 

Terephthalic Acid (PTA) and Monoethylene Glycol 

(MEG). All of these raw materials are sourced 

locally from the reliable suppliers though the 

Agreement with Zhejiang Materials. Raw materials 

will be purchased and stored by Zhejiang Materials 

and drawn for use based on our production needs. 

This arrangement allows us to have a secure 

supply of key raw materials, reduce the cost of 

storing raw materials and ease cash flow 

requirement to keep raw materials. 

 

Distribution channel management 

Appointing Zhejiang Materials as sole distributor 

allows us to focus our resources on our core 

competency in manufacturing high quality products 

with our industrial knowhows.  

In addition, as one of the largest trading companies 

in Zhejiang province, Zhejiang Materials has an 

extensive trading network in the entire PRC. The 

cooperation with Zhejiang Materials allows us to 

tap into new market and customers.  

We believe that the streamlining Huaxiang China’s supply chain and 

distribution channel has greatly contributed to the Company’s 

competitiveness. This is reflected in the increased production 

capacity utilisation and overall profitability. 

95% 

Production capacity utilisation 

rate 

100% 

Raw materials sourced 

domestically 






Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 11 

 

 

 

 

 

3.3 Production safety 

Overview 

Our raw materials consist of PTA and MEG that are used 

to produce the synthetic yarns products. These raw 

materials are considered hazardous chemicals and 

require special storing and handling procedures.  

Thus, safety is always our top priority. We have always 

stressed the importance of production safety in each 

stage of our operations.  

We believe that one of the keys to improving safety is the 

creation of a more effective safety culture and awareness 

through policies and communication.  

Production safety management 

We have a comprehensive set of Production Safety Management 

Policies (安全生产管理制度) that requires all our employees adhere 

to. These policies were developed in conjunction with the relevant 

safety laws and regulations as well as best industrial practices. 

Our employees are required to familiarise themselves with and 

uphold Huaxiang China’s Safety Standards: 

Huaxiang China’s Safety Standards 

 

 

 

0 

Production stoppage due to 

safety incidences 

0 

Serious incidents 

3 

Workplace injuries 



Safety 

First 

(安全第一)



Effective 

Prevention 

(预防为主)



Systematic 

Approach 

(防治结合)



Active 

Participation 

(人人参与)










Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 12 

 

 

 

 

 

Some of the areas covered by our policies include: 

• 

Effective safety culture, 

• 

Safety training and development, 

• 

Occupational health and safety, 

• 

Handling of hazardous chemicals, and 

• 

Fire safety and prevention. 

Our policies clearly outline the responsibilities of employee at different 

ranks. This is to ensure that the employees understand their 

responsibility fully and carry out the preventive measures and 

response to safety incidents effectively. Annually, the management 

determines the safety target to be achieved. Reward and punishment 

system are implemented based on the performance.  

To increase the awareness to the production safety and evaluation 

the safety performance, a safety meeting is conducted weekly, 

quarterly and annually by the Production Safety Committee and 

Production Department. Safety concerns are discussed and action 

plans are determined and followed up during the meeting.  

Huaxiang China has a comprehensive training and assessment 

programme to increase the employees’ awareness to safety and their 

readiness to response to safety incidents. New production workers 

are required to attain at least 72 hours of safety training and pass the 

relevant safety assessments before commencing their work. Existing 

production employees are subjected to at least 20 hours of refresher 

safety training. Ad-hoc safety trainings are also introduced on a case 

by case basis as required.  

In FY2017, there were zero production stoppage due to safety 

incidences and zero serious incidents. However, there were three 

workplace injuries involving our employees. We attended to their 

medical needs immediately and used these incidences to reinforce 

the importance of production safety to our employees.  

We seek to achieve zero incidences in the coming year.  

Emergency preparedness 

While we emphasise on preventing safety incidents, we also prepare 

the employees to handle and respond to emergencies, including 

potential explosions, fire and chemical spills.  

We have a comprehensive set of Emergency Response Handbook  

(紧急应变作业说明书) to provide details instructions and procedures 

for employees to response to the emergency situation.  

To handle emergencies, an emergency response team is formed, 

consisting of key personnel, including the Company’s leaders and 

production supervisors. Responsibilities and the contacts of the team 

members are provided in the handbook.  

In addition to departmental trainings and refresher trainings, we also 

conduct annual fire safety and emergency preparedness drills 

involving company personnel and the local fire station. Meeting is 

conducted after the annual fire safety and emergency preparedness 

drills to review and improve the emergency response procedures.  

We understand that proper emergency response procedure and drills 

is effective to reduce and limit the impact and casualty as a result of 

the any safety incidents that may happen in our line of work. 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 13 

 

 

 

 

 

3.4 Environmental protection 

Overview 

Environmental protection is fast gaining traction in China 

amongst policy makers and the public. As a leading 

supplier of premium differentiated fine polyester yarn in 

the PRC, we are committed to ensuring our full 

compliance with national environmental regulations. 

Comprehensive policies are developed to ensure our 

commitment towards environmental protection, reducing 

carbon emissions, preventing pollution, and minimising 

waste can be achieved during our daily operations. 

Environmental policy in China 

Environmental policy in China is set by the National People's 

Congress and managed by the Ministry of Environmental Protection 

of the People's Republic of China. The central government issues 

strict regulations for which the actual monitoring and enforcement is 

largely undertaken by the local governments. 

In January 2015, a new environmental law came into effect, covering 

land, water and air pollution. It contains strict penalties, including 

seizing of the property of illegal polluters, with company executives 

subject to prison sentences of 15 days. There is no upper limit on 

fines. More than 300 different groups will be able to sue on the behalf 

of people harmed by pollution. 

Huaxiang China has been largely compliant with PRC’s as well as 

local government’s environmental policies and has obtained the 

requisite approval on the environmental protection facilities of 

Huaxiang China’s plant since January 2011. 

However, in August 2017, the Company was subject to an 

administrative fine of ¥55,000 for failing to obtain the acceptance 

certification for the POY and FDY production facilities from the local 

Environmental Protection Agency on a timely basis. The Company’s 

POY and FDY production facilities was gradually completed from 

2014 through 2017. 

The Company has since paid the fine in full and has obtained 

acceptance certification on management of noise pollution and solid 

waste disposal in September 2018. Acceptance certification on 

management of wastewater and waste gases treatment and disposal 

is in progress and is expected to complete in FY2019. This did not 

affect the production of Huaxiang China. 

 

 

¥55k 

Fines on contravention of 

environmental regulations 

0 

Environmental incidents 




Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 14 

 

 

 

 

 

Environmental protection management 

Huaxiang China has a dedicated Safety and Environmental 

Protection Department to oversee the compliance to the relevant 

environmental rules and regulations. The Department reports directly 

to the Production Safety and Environmental Protection Committee 

which is headed by our General Manager, and supported by our 

various Head of Departments. They will oversee all environmental 

protection and compliance matters in the Company. 

In addition, to ensure Huaxiang China complies with relevant rules 

and regulations, we have obtained the ISO 14001:2015 

Environmental Management System certificate. We are subjected to 

a three-year certification cycle of ISO 14001:2015 and independent 

certification audit to be conducted based on the ISO Standards as 

well as government’s rules and regulations.  

Our employees are also required to familiarise themselves with and 

uphold Huaxiang China’s Environmental Standards: 

Huaxiang China’s Environmental Standards 

 

 



Regulatory 

Compliance

(遵章守规)



Resource 

Allocation 

(珍惜资源)



Low Carbon 

Emission

(低碳排放)



Energy 

Efficiency

(节能增效)



Sustainability

(持续发展)










Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 15 

 

 

 

 

 

Emissions reduction 

The corporate culture of protecting the environment is reflected in 

every operation undertaken by Huaxiang China.  

We are committed to reduce our carbon emission in our production 

activities. Our production facilities and machines are designed to save 

electricity consumption. Employees are also reminded to save 

electricity through regular internal communications.  

To determine the carbon footprint, we collect energy usage data from 

each our businesses and then calculate our total annual greenhouse 

gas emissions. 

In FY2017, Huaxiang China generated a carbon footprint of 245,079 

tonnes of carbon dioxide emission (tCO2e) with a carbon emission 

intensity of 0.73 tCO2e per tonne of production. The emission mainly 

arises from purchased electricity which accounted for close to 68% of 

the total carbon emission of Huaxiang China.  

 

We follow the Greenhouse Gas Protocol established by the World 

Resources Institute and the World Business Council for Sustainable 

Development, the standard manual for measuring corporate 

greenhouse gas emissions. Using the “control method”, we include 

100% of the emissions associated with businesses which we directly 

control. Our carbon footprint includes: 

• 

All fuels used directly by our companies (Scope 1 emissions) 

• 

All purchased electricity and steam used in our facilities (Scope 

2 emissions) 

We will continue to monitor the performance on the carbon emission 

reduction. Progress and performance on the reduction of carbon 

emission will be reported in the following year. 

0.73tCO2e 

Carbon emission intensity per 

tonne of production 




Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 16 

 

 

 

 

 

Gaseous emissions 

Our production used coal water slurry as fuel to generate heat for the 

boilers. Coal water slurry a clean liquid coal-based fuel that generates 

less sulphur dioxide and nitrogen oxide emissions compared to 

traditional coal. The coal water slurry used by our heaters has less 

than 0.65% sulphur content.  

Our production facilities are dully equipped to collect and treat the flue 

gases prior to their release into the atmosphere, resulting in the 

removal of more than 80% of sulphur and 99% of dust particles 

present in the flue gases.  

As a result, the fumes released into the atmosphere will be able to 

meet the requirements of the gas emission standard of the Zhejiang 

Province. We seek to continue to ensure that 100% of our gaseous 

emissions meet the local emission standards in the coming years. 

Waste and wastewater management 

Waste materials from the production of polyester yarn are not 

significant. Any waste engine oils and materials recovered from 

maintenance of machinery will be aggregated in a locked and isolated 

container and disposed through proper biohazard disposal channels.  

Wastewater disposal is performed through a wastewater treatment 

system is installed in the Huaxiang China plant. Wastewater from 

various production stages are systematically collected and treated 

before they are routed to the plant’s wastewater treatment station for 

further treatment. 

The wastewater treatment station is able to handle up to 1,300 m3 of 

wastewater a day. Wastewater collected will go through biological 

wastewater treatment and wastewater reclamation processes.  

In FY2017, Huaxiang China had a wastewater discharge intensity of 

0.1 m3 per tonne of production.  

The treated wastewater discharge will be able to meet the 

requirements of the water emission standard of the Zhejiang 

Province. We seek to continue to ensure that 100% of our wastewater 

discharge meet the local emission standards in the coming year. 

Saving water 

Water scarcity is a growing concern around the world and a serious 

global challenge that we must work together to address.  

Water consumption in the fibre and yarn manufacturing processes are 

intensive. At Huaxiang China, we have policies in place to ensure our 

operation conserve as much water as possible.  

Huaxiang China’s wastewater treatment station is equipped with 

facilities to recycle wastewater, with a water reclamation rate of up to 

85%. Reclaimed water is used for the membrane filtering process and 

recirculating the water cooling system.  

In FY2017, Huaxiang had a water consumption intensity of 2.3 m3 per 

tonne of production. In addition, up to 41.9 m3 of water is recycled for 

reuse per tonne of production.  

We will continue to monitor the performance on the water 

consumption reduction. Progress and performance on the reduction 

on water consumption will be reported in the following year. 

100% 

Gaseous emissions that meets 

local emission standards 

100% 

Wastewater discharge that 

meets local emission 

standards 

0.1m3 

Wastewater discharge 

intensity per tonne of 

production 

2.3m3 

Water consumption intensity 

per tonne of production 

41.9m3 

Water recycle intensity per 

tonne of production 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 17 

 

 

 

 

 

Energy efficiency 

Due to our manufacturing activities, direct fuel and electricity 

constitutes a significant proportion of our operating expenses. By 

investing in energy efficiency, we not only help protect the 

environment but can also lower our financial costs. 

Our fuel consumption came from coal water slurry for heat generation 

in the boilers. Our electricity consumption came from regular 

operations of the office and factory.  

To ensure the effective use of fuel abd electricity, we conducted the 

following practices:  

• 

Use energy saving equipment 

• 

Regular maintenance of production equipment, especially 

boilers, to maintain high efficiency 

• 

Using high quality fuels to ensure energy efficiency 

• 

Turn off lights, computers and air conditioning system before 

clocking out 

• 

Place energy saving reminder labels next to switches 




Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 18 

 

 

 

 

 

3.5 Employee well-being 

Overview 

We fully commit to our People Development Policy of 

Knowledge, Ability, Integrity, Growth and Development, 

giving employees with the requisite knowledge, ability, 

and integrity opportunities for growth and development 

within the Company. 

To increase productivity, we have a comprehensive 

performance appraisal and rewards programme that helps 

us understand the skills level of our employees and tailor 

appropriate training programmes to fill up their skill gaps. 

We are hence well-positioned to provide a constructive 

working experience to our employees and contribute to 

the economic development and skilled labour resources 

of the local community. 

Through our people, we are also committed in making 

positive contributions to our community by giving back to 

the society and helping the less privileged. 

Skills competency and employee training 

To ensure that our employee excel, we emphasise on continuous 

learning in the workplace. Every employee has equal opportunities to 

upgrade and sharpen their skill sets through formal and on-the-job 

internal training programs, as well as inter-departmental job-rotation. 

In FY2017, we conducted no less than 20 hours of on-the-job training 

for each employee across all departments together with the Safety 

and Environmental Protection Department, with topics ranging from 

corporate culture and production safety to technical courses. At least 

32 hours of initial training will be conducted for Production Safety 

Management staff, with at least 12 hours of refresher trainings in 

subsequent years. 

Performance appraisal 

To ensure the Company achieves its goals, we have various 

performance appraisal methods in place to determine the 

performance of the Company as well as each individual employee. 

The employee performance appraisal comprises mainly quantifiable 

evaluation criteria. In addition, we actively collects performance 

information for each employee each month through inputs from direct 

supervisors and feedbacks, as well as periodical employee 

communication sessions.   

These collected information allow us to understand the performance 

and skills development needs of each team and individual employee 

from multiple aspects. This is crucial for the Company to develop 

annual training programs for employee that are designed to enhance 

the skills of the employee and aims to improve the overall 

productivity. 

In FY2017, all of our employees are at least subject to an annual 

performance appraisal by their superiors. We seek to continue this 

practice in the coming year. 

 

 

20 

Average training hours per 

staff 

100% 

Employees subject to regular 

performance appraisal 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 19 

 

 

 

 

 

Equal opportunity 

We always strive to create a fair workplace for our employees based 

on the principle of equality and non-discrimination. From recruitment, 

remuneration, promotion, to employee benefits, equal opportunities 

are given to all employees regardless of gender, race, marital status, 

pregnancy, disability, age or family status.  

We attract talent through fair, and flexible recruitment strategy that 

includes recruitment application, job description, job applications, 

interview, selection, approval, and job offer. Promotion is based on 

performance and suitability.  

Remuneration packages (which includes the necessary social 

benefits) are reviewed periodically to ensure consistency with 

employment market. Dismissal also complies with employment laws 

and regulations relating to non-discrimination. 

In FY2017, female employees comprise 29% of our entire workforce, 

with female representation in management at 15%. 

Employee welfare 

To recognise the efforts of employees, Huaxiang has various 

recognition awards and rewards to serve as encouragement for the 

employees to excel and grow together with the Company. In addition, 

we have various special benefits and subsidies for the employees, 

including:  

• 

High temperature subsidies  

• 

Festival allowance 

• 

Employee dormitories 

• 

Welfare facilities 

We organised a variety of employee activities to help them relax their 

mind and body, develop teamwork, explore their talent, so as to 

develop a positive attitude in both work and life.  

To enhance employee teamwork and cohesion, improve employee 

health and improve employee work-life balance, Huaxiang China has 

also been organising periodic employee gatherings during major 

festivals and sports competitions. 

We will continuous to periodically assess the needs of the employee 

and strike to reasonably improve the welfare of the employees. 

Community initiatives  

In FY2017, we made cash donations totaling ¥60,000 to various 

village committees, schools and charity organisations to fund their 

daily activities. 

The Group will continue to invest in the above and other initiatives 

supporting community building.  

29% 

Female representation in 

workforce 

15% 

Female representation in 

management 

¥60k 

Social contributions made to 

the local community  

 

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 20 

 

 

 

 

 

Appendix A: Sustainability scorecard 

Quality management 

Performance indicators 

Units 

2017 

Plant capacity utilisation rate 

Percentage 

95 

Raw materials sourced domestically 

Percentage 

100 

Production safety 

Performance indicators 

Units 

2017 

Production stoppage due to safety incidences 

Number 

0 

Serious incidents 

Number 

0 

Workplace injuries 

Number 

3 

Environmental protection 

Performance indicators 

Units 

2017 

Environmental incidents 

Number 

0 

Fines on contravention of environmental regulations 

¥’000 

55 

Total carbon footprint 

tCO2e 

245,079 

Carbon emission intensity 

tCO2e/tonne 

0.73 

Gaseous emissions that meets local emission standards 

Percentage 

100 

Wastewater discharge that meets local emission standards 

Percentage 

100 

Wastewater discharge intensity 

m3/tonne 

0.1 

Water consumption intensity 

m3/tonne 

2.3 

Water recycle intensity 

m3/tonne 

41.9 

Employee well-being 

Performance indicators 

Units 

2017 

Training hours per staff 

Hours 

20 

Employees subject to regular performance appraisal 

Percentage 

100 

Female representation in workforce 

Percentage 

29 

Female representation in management 

Percentage 

15 

Social contributions made to the local community 

¥’000 

60 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 21 

 

 

 

 

 

Appendix B: Consulting our stakeholders 

We listen to our stakeholders and engage with them on an ongoing and ad hoc basis. An overview of our 

approach and rationale is set out below (with stakeholders listed in alphabetical order), together with the 

feedback we have received. 

 

Stakeholders 

How we listen 

Why we do it 

What you’ve told us 

Customers 

• 

Industry association 

meetings 

• 

Meetings with customer's 

procurement department 

• 

Ensure ability to meet 

customer’s requirements in 

terms of quality and 

delivery timeliness 

• 

Provision of high quality 

yarn 

• 

Ability to meet delivery 

timelines 

Employees 

• 

Internal updates and 

communication 

• 

Events and functions 

• 

Improve employee’s 

capabilities through 

internal and external 

training 

• 

Improve employee’s well-

being through managing 

health and safety, and 

upkeep of estates 

• 

Health and safety 

• 

Career progression 

• 

Benefits and rewards 

• 

External courses 

Regulatory 

authorities 

(Governments, 

SGX, MOM, 

IRAS) 

• 

Regular updates and 

communication 

• 

Reports and compliance 

• 

Periodical meetings with 

government bodies 

• 

Adhere to environmental 

regulations for chemical 

production  

• 

Good relationship between 

continuing sponsor and 

Company 

• 

Dialogue with SGX 

• 

Active participation in SGX 

events to increase visibility 

and transparency 

• 

Compliance with relevant 

laws and regulations 

Shareholder 

and investors 

• 

SGX Announcements 

• 

Shareholder’s meeting 

• 

Annual reports 

• 

Company’s website 

• 

Regular updates and 

communication 

• 

Committed to delivering 

economic value to our 

capital providers through a 

strong financial 

performance and our 

methods of engagement 

with them. 

• 

Long-term profitability 

• 

Sustainability matters 

• 

Group’s performance 

against targets 

• 

Compliance with all 

relevant requirements 

Suppliers 

• 

Meetings with supplier’s 

sales department 

• 

Negotiation of bulk 

discounts 

• 

Ensure availability of 

quality supplies for 

uninterrupted yarn 

production at a reasonable 

cost 

• 

Ability to meet Company’s 

quality standards 

• 

Ability to meet Company’s 

delivery timelines 

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 22 

 

 

 

 

 

Appendix C: GRI content index 

GRI Standards Content Index 

The GRI Content Index references the China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd Sustainability Report 2017 

(SR), and the Annual Report 2017 (AR). 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

GRI 102: General disclosures 

Organisational profile 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

• AR: Corporate Profile (Page 2) 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, 

and services 

• AR: Corporate Profile (Page 2) 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

• AR: Corporate Profile (Page 2) 

102-4 

Location of operations 

• AR: Corporate Profile (Page 2) 

• AR: Investment in Subsidiaries – Note 9 to the 

Financial Statements (Pages 70-71) 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

• AR: General Information – Note 1 to the Financial 

Statements (Page 45) 

102-6 

Markets served 

• AR: Operations &amp; Financial Review (Pages 6-7) 

• AR: Segment Information – Note 26 to the Financial 

Statements (Pages 81-82) 

102-7 

Scale of organisation 

• AR: Corporate Profile (Page 2) 

• AR: Segment Information – Note 26 to the Financial 

Statements (Pages 81-82) 

102-8 

Information on employees 

and other workers 

• SR: Employee Well-being (Pages 18-19) 

102-9 

Supply chain 

• SR: Quality Management (Pages 9-10) 

102-10 

Significant changes to the 

organisation and its supply 

chain 

• AR: Corporate Profile (Page 2) 

• AR: Our Products (Page 3) 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or 

approach 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 14-32) 

102-12 

External initiatives 

• Not applicable 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

• Not applicable 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior 

decision-maker 

• AR: Chairman’s Statement (Pages 4-5) 

102-15 

Key impacts, risks, and 

opportunities 

• AR: Operations &amp; Financial Review (Pages 6-7) 

• AR: Independent Auditor’s Report (Pages 36-39) 

Ethics and integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, 

standards, and norms of 

behavior 

• SR: Sustainability Strategy (Page 6) 

102-17 

Mechanisms for advice and 

concerns about ethics 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 14-32) 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 14-32) 

102-19 

Delegating authority 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 14-32) 

102-20 

Executive-level responsibility 

for economic, 

environmental, and social 

topics 

• SR: Sustainability Organisational Structure (Page 5) 

102-21 

Consulting stakeholders on 

economic, environmental, 

and social topics 

• SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 21) 

102-22 

Composition of the highest 

governance body and its 

committees 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 14-32) 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 23 

 

 

 

 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

102-23 

Chair of the highest 

governance body 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 14-32) 

102-24 

Nominating and selecting 

the highest governance 

body 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 14-32) 

102-25 

Conflicts of interest 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 14-32) 

• AR: Directors’ Statement (Pages 33-35) 

• SR: Sustainability Strategy (Page 6) 

102-26 

Role of highest governance 

body in setting purpose, 

values, and strategy 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 14-32) 

102-27 

Collective knowledge of 

highest governance body 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 14-32) 

102-28 

Evaluating the highest 

governance body’s 

performance 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 14-32) 

102-29 

Identifying and managing 

economic, environmental, 

and social impacts 

• SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 7) 

102-30 

Effectiveness of risk 

management processes 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 14-32) 

102-31 

Review of economic, 

environmental, and social 

topics 

• SR: Sustainability Report (Pages 1-28) 

102-32 

Highest governance body’s 

role in sustainability reporting 

• SR: Sustainability Organisational Structure (Page 5) 

102-33 

Communicating critical 

concerns 

• SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 7) 

102-34 

Nature and total number of 

critical concerns 

• SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 7) 

102-35 

Remuneration policies 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 14-32) 

102-36 

Process for determining 

remuneration 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 14-32) 

102-37 

Stakeholders’ involvement in 

remuneration 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 14-32) 

102-38 

Annual total compensation 

ratio 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 14-32) 

102-39 

Percentage increase in 

annual total compensation 

ratio 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 14-32) 

Stakeholder engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

• SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 21) 

102-41 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

• Not applicable 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

• SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 21) 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

• SR: Sustainability Strategy (Page 6) 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns 

raised 

• SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 21) 

Reporting practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

• AR: Investment in Subsidiaries – Note 9 to the 

Financial Statements (Pages 70-71) 

102-46 

Defining report content and 

topic Boundaries 

• SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 7) 

102-47 

List of material topics 

• SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 7) 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 24 

 

 

 

 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

• Not applicable 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

• Not applicable 

102-50 

Reporting period 

• SR: Scope of Sustainability Report (Page 4) 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

• Not applicable 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

• Annual 

102-53 

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report 

• SR: Scope of Sustainability Report (Page 4) 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

• SR: Scope of Sustainability Report (Page 4) 

102-55 

GRI content index 

• SR: GRI Content Index (Pages 22-28) 

102-56 

External assurance 

• No external assurance 

GRI 200: Economic disclosures 

Economic performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value 

generated and distributed 

• AR: Operations &amp; Financial Review (Pages 6-7) 

201-2 

Financial implications and 

other risks and opportunities 

due to climate change 

• Not applicable 

201-3 

Defined benefit plan 

obligations and other 

retirement plans 

• Not applicable 

201-4 

Financial assistance 

received from government 

• Not applicable 

Market presence 

202-1 

Ratios of standard entry 

level wage by gender 

compared to local minimum 

wage 

• Not applicable 

202-2 

Proportion of senior 

management hired from 

local community 

• Not applicable 

Indirect 

economic 

impacts 

203-1 

Infrastructure investments 

and services supported 

• Not applicable 

203-2 

Significant indirect economic 

impacts 

• Not applicable 

Procurement practices 

204-1 

Proportion of spending on 

local suppliers 

• SR: Quality Management (Pages 9-10) 

Anti-corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for 

risks related to corruption 

• Not applicable 

205-2 

Communication and training 

about anti-corruption policies 

and procedures 

• Not applicable 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of 

corruption and actions taken 

• There is no incidences of corruption. 

Anti-competitive behavior 

206-1 

Legal actions for anti-

competitive behavior, anti-

trust, and monopoly 

practices 

• There is no legal actions for anti-competition. 

GRI 300: Environment disclosures 

Materials 

301-1 

Materials used by weight or 

volume 

• Not applicable 

301-2 

Recycled input materials 

used 

• Not applicable 

301-3 

Reclaimed products and 

their packaging materials 

• Not applicable 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 25 

 

 

 

 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

Energy 

302-1 

Energy consumption within 

the organisation 

• SR: Environmental Protection (Pages 13-17) 

302-2 

Energy consumption outside 

of the organisation 

• Not applicable 

302-3 

Energy intensity 

• Not applicable 

302-4 

Reduction of energy 

consumption 

• Not applicable 

302-5 

Reductions in energy 

requirements of products 

and services 

• Not applicable 

Water 

303-1 

Water withdrawal by source 

• SR: Environmental Protection (Pages 13-17) 

303-2 

Water sources significantly 

affected by withdrawal of 

water 

• Not applicable 

303-3 

Water recycled and reused 

• SR: Environmental Protection (Pages 13-17) 

Biodiversity 

304-1 

Operational sites owned, 

leased, managed in, or 

adjacent to, protected areas 

and areas of high 

biodiversity value outside 

protected areas 

• Not applicable 

304-2 

Significant impacts of 

activities, products, and 

services on biodiversity 

• Not applicable 

304-3 

Habitats protected or 

restored 

• Not applicable 

304-4 

IUCN Red List species and 

national conservation list 

species with habitats in 

areas affected by operations 

• Not applicable 

Emissions 

305-1 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG 

emissions 

• SR: Environmental Protection (Pages 13-17) 

• SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 20) 

305-2 

Energy indirect (Scope 2) 

GHG emissions 

• SR: Environmental Protection (Pages 13-17) 

• SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 20) 

305-3 

Other indirect (Scope 3) 

GHG emissions 

• Not applicable 

305-4 

GHG emissions intensity 

• SR: Environmental Protection (Pages 13-17) 

• SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 20) 

305-5 

Reduction of GHG 

emissions 

• Not applicable 

305-6 

Emissions of ozone-

depleting substances (ODS) 

• Not applicable 

305-7 

Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulfur 

oxides (SOX), and other 

significant air emissions 

• SR: Environmental Protection (Pages 13-17) 

Effluents and waste 

306-1 

Water discharge by quality 

and destination 

• SR: Environmental Protection (Pages 13-17) 

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal 

method 

• SR: Environmental Protection (Pages 13-17) 

306-3 

Significant spills 

• Not applicable 

306-4 

Transport of hazardous 

waste 

• SR: Environmental Protection (Pages 13-17) 

306-5 

Water bodies affected by 

water discharges and/or 

runoff 

• Not applicable 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 26 

 

 

 

 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

Laws and regulations 

307-1 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

• There is no non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations. 

Supplier 

environmental 

assessments 

308-1 

New suppliers that were 

screened using 

environmental criteria 

• Not applicable 

GRI 400: Social disclosures 

Employment 

401-1 

New employee hires and 

employee turnover 

• SR: Employee Well-being (Pages 18-19) 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full-time 

employees that are not 

provided to temporary or 

part-time employees 

• SR: Employee Well-being (Pages 18-19) 

401-3 

Parental leave 

• Not applicable 

Labor 

/ 

management 

relations 

402-1 

Minimum notice periods 

regarding operational 

changes 

• Not applicable 

Occupational health and 

safety 

403-1 

Workers representation in 

formal joint management–

worker health and safety 

committees 

• Not applicable 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of 

injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of 

work-related fatalities 

• SR: Production Safety (Pages 11-12) 

• SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 20) 

403-3 

Workers with high incidence 

or high risk of diseases 

related to their occupation 

• Not applicable 

403-4 

Health and safety topics 

covered in formal 

agreements with trade 

unions 

• Not applicable 

Training and education 

404-1 

Average hours of training 

per year per employee 

• SR: Employee Well-being (Pages 18-19) 

• SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 20) 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading 

employee skills and 

transition assistance 

programs 

• SR: Quality Management (Pages 9-10) 

• SR: Production Safety (Pages 11-12) 

• SR: Employee Well-being (Pages 18-19) 

404-3 

Percentage of employees 

receiving regular 

performance and career 

development reviews 

• SR: Employee Well-being (Pages 18-19) 

Diversity 

and 

equal 

opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance 

bodies and employees 

• SR: Employee Well-being (Pages 18-19) 

405-2 

Ratio of basic salary and 

remuneration of women to 

men 

• Not applicable 

Non-discrimination 

406-1 

Incidents of discrimination 

and corrective actions taken 

• There is no incidents of discrimination. 

Freedom of association 

and collective bargaining 

407-1 

Operations and suppliers in 

which the right to freedom of 

association and collective 

bargaining may be at risk 

• Not applicable 

Child labor 

408-1 

Operations and suppliers at 

significant risk for incidents 

of child labor 

• Child labour is strictly prohibited. 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 27 

 

 

 

 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

Forced 

or 

compulsory 

labor 

409-1 

Operations and suppliers at 

significant risk for incidents 

of forced or compulsory 

labor 

• Forced and compulsory labour is strictly prohibited. 

Security practices 

410-1 

Security personnel trained in 

human rights policies or 

procedures 

• Not applicable 

Rights 

of 

indigenous 

peoples 

411-1 

Incidents of violations 

involving rights of indigenous 

peoples 

• Not applicable 

Human 

rights 

assessment 

412-1 

Operations that have been 

subject to human rights 

reviews or impact 

assessments 

• Not applicable 

412-2 

Employee training on human 

rights policies or procedures 

• Not applicable 

412-3 

Significant investment 

agreements and contracts 

that include human rights 

clauses or that underwent 

human rights screening 

• Not applicable 

Local communities 

413-1 

Operations with local 

community engagement, 

impact assessments, and 

development programs 

• SR: Employee Well-being (Pages 18-19) 

413-2 

Operations with significant 

actual and potential negative 

impacts on local 

communities 

• Not applicable 

Supplier 

social 

assessment 

414-1 

New suppliers that were 

screened using social criteria 

• Not applicable 

414-2 

Negative social impacts in 

the supply chain and actions 

taken 

• Not applicable 

Public policy 

415-1 

Political contributions 

• Not applicable 

Customer 

health 

and 

safety 

416-1 

Assessment of the health 

and safety impacts of 

product and service 

categories 

• Not applicable 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning the health and 

safety impacts of products 

and services 

• Not applicable 

Marketing and labelling 

417-1 

Requirements for product 

and service information and 

labeling 

• Not applicable 

417-2 

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning product and 

service information and 

labeling 

• Not applicable 

417-3 

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning marketing 

communications 

• Not applicable 

Customer privacy 

418-1 

Substantiated complaints 

concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses 

of customer data 

• Not applicable 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2017 

China Gaoxian Fibre Fabric Holding Ltd | 28 

 

 

 

 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

Socioeconomic 

compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws 

and regulations in the social 

and economic area 

• There is no non-compliance with socioeconomic 

laws and regulations. 

 

