
1 

 

 

 

CHINA REAL ESTATE GRP LTD. 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 




CONTENT 

2 

 

I. 

Board Statement 

3 

II. About This Report 

4 

III. CREG’s Business 

6 

IV. CREG’s Sustainability Approach 

9 

V. Material Topics 

13 

VI. GRI Content Index  

22 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This sustainability report has been prepared by the Company and its contents have been 

reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, Stamford Corporate Services Pte Ltd (the “Sponsor”), 

for compliance with the relevant rules of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(the “SGX-ST”).  

 

This sustainability report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST 

assumes no responsibility for the contents of this sustainability report including the correctness 

of any statements or opinions made or reports contained in this sustainability report. 

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr Ng Joo Khin.  

Telephone number: 6389 3000. Email: jookhin.ng@morganlewis.com 

 

 


BOARD STATEMENT 

3 

 

We are pleased to present to you the second sustainability report (the “Report”) of China Real 

Estate Grp Ltd. (“CREG” and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) for the financial year 

ended 30 June 2019 (“FY2019”).  

 

In this ever changing environment, we feel that aligning ourselves with global and national 

sustainability standards is an extremely important facet to ensure continuous growth for our 

business. We continue to oversee CREG’s sustainable practices and approaches in order to 

determine CREG’s material Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) factors for the 

continuity of our business. The real estate sector has always been our focus for business 

growth and we intend to channel our efforts and resources to establish a vibrant and thriving 

sustainable business in Asia, especially in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).  

 

As we believe that this report serves as a platform to address stakeholders’ concerns in 

relation to the sustainability practices incorporated into CREG’s major business operations, 

we recognise the importance of articulating these practices and evaluating them from time 

to time. Meanwhile, we are determined to present to the stakeholders a more comprehensive 

view of our sustainability effort in our business operations and the impact in relation to the 

operations. 

 

In order to sustain long-term growth, it is essentially vital to integrate our sustainability efforts 

with our business strategies. We remain committed to making consistent improvements by 

developing a sustainability organisational structure to move things forward. A sustainability 

framework is established to create value for our stakeholders, the environment and society 

at large. Nevertheless, we have listened to our valued internal and external stakeholders, 

identified the key economic, environmental, social and governance aspects of our business, 

and will continue to ensure that we evaluate and track our progress along the journey. 

 

We hope you enjoy reading this Report. We welcome any feedback, suggestions and 

comments on this Report which can be forwarded to us through our official website. 

 

 

Sincerely, 

Board of Directors 

China Real Estate Grp Ltd.

 

 


ABOUT THIS REPORT 

4 

 

 

 

This Report was prepared in accordance with Rules 711A and 711B of the Listing Manual 

Section B: Rules of Catalist (the “Catalist Rules”) of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (“SGX-ST”) and the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards Sustainability 

Reporting Guidelines 2016 - Core Option and its reporting principles as it provides a 

substantial framework which is globally-recognised as a global standard for sustainability 

reporting. Unless otherwise stated, this Report focuses on our performance from 1 July 2018 

to 30 June 2019, which provides a holistic overview of CREG’s ESG factors for sustainable and 

responsible business development.  

 

This year, we have further enhanced our reporting approach by incorporating the following 

principles to construct a comprehensive report: 

 

 Materiality: focusing on issues that impact business growth and are of utmost 

importance to stakeholders; 

 Stakeholder Inclusiveness: responding to stakeholder expectations and interests; 

 Sustainability Context: presenting performance in the wider context of sustainability; 

and  

 Completeness: including all information that is of significant economic, 

environmental and social impact to enable stakeholders to assess CREG's 

performance. 

 

 

 




ABOUT THIS REPORT 

5 

 

Through this Report, we hope to share our sustainability commitment with our stakeholders. 

Feedback from our stakeholders is vital for us to continually improve our reporting and 

sustainability practices. We welcome your views, comments or feedback, which may be 

directed to contact@chinarealestategroup.com. 

 

In line with our commitment to environmental sustainability, CREG continues to print only 

limited copies of this sustainability report as part of our environmental conservation effort. 

The electronic edition of the report is available at:  

www.chinarealestategroup.com 

 

This Report will focus on three main areas. Firstly, an evaluation of CREG’s performance 

during FY2019 in terms of the economic, environmental, social and governance aspects of our 

business. Secondly, a discussion on the challenges and material issues which will affect the 

stakeholders in their decision making. Thirdly, an update to our stakeholders on how we plan 

to manage such challenges and issues, as well as our management strategy.  

 

CREG has not sought external independent assurance to verify the data and information 

provided within this report. 

 

 


CREG’S BUSINESS 

6 

 

About CREG 

 

CREG’s vision is to become a significant and distinctive lifestyle property developer focusing 

on the PRC’s fast-growing third and fourth-tier cities. In the financial year ended 30 June 2018 

(“FY2018), we have made a progressive move by gaining majority control over two property 

companies in Huzhou, Zhejiang province.  

 

CREG strives to extend its pledge to sustainable business practices through monitoring value-

chain analysis such as responsible sourcing practices and policies. CREG aims to communicate 

with and educate our stakeholders where our business operates in and our sustainability 

beliefs and initiatives. We also continue to review and implement initiatives that are in 

accordance with the tenets of sustainability within our business to ensure long-term growth.  

 

 

 

Our Business Presence 

 

CREG is a public company limited by shares and is listed on the Catalist Board of SGX-ST since 

31 August 2007. It is mainly engaged in the business of investment holding, real estate agency 

and property development, with its principal place of operation located at 1 Scotts Road, #20-

07 Shaw Centre, Singapore 228208. As CREG is on firmer ground now, we have increased our 

staff strength to more than 90 individuals to facilitate our strategy to become a regional real 

estate lifestyle developer in the PRC. As of 30 June 2019, we have ceased our real estate 

agency business while focusing on the Huzhou Project, where our hotels, waterside villas, 

island residences and townhouse as well as ultra-modern commercial centres will blend 

harmoniously with Huzhou’s cultural legacy and natural wonders. Please see below for our 

main business segments and respective geographic location of operations. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Investment 

Investment 

holding based 

in Singapore 

 

Property 

Development 

Property development 

business with operations 

based in the PRC 


CREG’S BUSINESS 

7 

 

Organisational Profile 

 

The latest Group structure as at 30 June 2019 is reflected in the table below:  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

China Real Estate 

Grp Ltd. 

Huzhou Dixi Gengdu 

Ecological Agriculture 

Development Co., Ltd. 

Huzhou Bihai Silver 

Beach Resort 

Management Co., Ltd. 

Zhongfang Lianhe 

Grand Canal 

Cultural Tourism 

Group Co., Ltd. 

Zhejiang 

Zhongfang Yashe 

Hotel 

Management 

Co., Ltd. 

Zhejiang 

Zhongfang 

Ludizhou 

Properties 

Management Co., 

Ltd. 

Zhejiang 

Zhongfang 

Ludizhou 

Real Estate 

Agency Co., 

Ltd. 

Zhejiang 

Zhongfang 

Ludizhou Real 

Estate 

Development Co., 

Ltd. 

Huzhou Ludi 

Wetland Tourism 

Development 

Co., Ltd. 

Asia-Pacific Real 

Estate Agency 

Pte. Ltd. 

Asia-Pacific Real 

Estate (Beijing) 

Information 

Advisory Co., Ltd. 

APS 

Technology 

Pte. Ltd. 

Global Overseas 

Chinese Real 

Estate .Net Pte. 

Ltd. 

Global 

Alliance 

Property Pte. 

Ltd. 


CREG’S BUSINESS 

8 

 

Our Supply Chain 

 

CREG believes that sustainable supply chain management can be a robust driver of value and 

success for our business. Therefore, we uphold strict requirements for quality and constantly 

maintain good partnerships with our suppliers and sub-contractors. In order to achieve sound 

supply chain management, stringent pre-selection over contractors, consultants and 

suppliers of our property development business are vetted thoroughly. The criteria for pre-

selection covers the areas of quality, health &amp; safety and environmental management to 

mitigate and prevent any negative impact on our business and the environment. In addition, 

we carefully evaluate the performance of such contractors, consultants and suppliers on a 

periodic basis to ensure that the products and services provided by them have maintained its 

quality consistently and are aligned with the requirements of our development projects and 

other business requirements.  

 

In line with CREG’s effort towards greater environmental conservation, we strive to source 

and procure construction materials locally as much as possible to reduce greenhouse gas 

emission from transportation. We also prefer to engage with local contractors and suppliers 

as we believe in contributing towards the local economy and thus local contractors and 

suppliers are provided with the support and opportunities available in the management of 

our supply chain.  

 

All contractors are strictly required to comply with local government and other legal 

requirements for property development. We also ensure that our sub-contractors comply 

with house rules such as deploying personal protective equipment to workers during 

construction work, reporting of accidents and proper disposal of debris from construction. 

 

 




CREG’S SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

9 

 

Sustainability Governance and Principles  

 

A robust sustainability governance structure is paramount to identifying, driving and 

executing sustainability initiatives throughout the organization, particularly in relation to the 

sustainability fundamentals relating to the economic, environmental, social and governance 

areas. The Board of Directors continues to oversee and monitor CREG’s corporate governance 

standards and policies. A firm foundation for building financial integrity, organisational 

credibility and investor confidence is formed by a combination of an effective Board and 

robust Corporate Governance practices.  

 

To achieve sustainable business practices, it is vital to execute the established framework of 

good corporate governance throughout the strategic and operational level instead of merely 

embracing it as a guiding principle. With the new developments of the Group, it is even more 

crucial to communicate our sustainability efforts to our stakeholders in all areas of our 

business, including the risk management systems and internal controls to safeguard 

stakeholders’ interests and CREG’s assets.   

 

Apart from the statutory duties and responsibilities, CREG takes a strategic approach to 

sustainability by aligning its sustainability focus areas with its corporate strategies and values. 

CREG believes it is able to better serve the interests of its wider group of stakeholders by 

integrating its sustainability approach with its operations and values. CREG continues to focus 

on two key areas in which we believe that an adoption of the principles of sustainability 

throughout our value chain will provide an impetus towards enhancing the value of CREG in 

a dynamic way. 

 

 

 

 

 



•Right people with the right skill sets form the 

cornerstone of every growing company. We 

strive to streamline backend operations and 

retain top talent whilst recruiting new talent 

at the same time. 



People -Attracting 

and retaining the 

right talent



•Our focus is to build up our top line revenue 

and establish a sustainable earnings stream 

over time. CREG envisages that each business 

unit will be profitable, generating cashflows to 

fund its activities.



Project - Ramping 

up pipeline


CREG’S SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

10 

 

CREG is targeting to continuously achieve full compliance with the Code of Corporate 

Governance 2018 during the financial year ending 30 June 2020 (“FY2020”). There were no 

reported cases of fraud, corruption and unethical actions in FY2019. CREG intends to uphold 

this good record by continuously assessing and enhancing its internal controls. 

 

 


CREG’S SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

11 

 

Identifying Material Sustainability Topics 

 

Based on stakeholder engagement, we have identified the most relevant ESG factors that we 

believe should be the main focus when formulating corporate strategies. It is crucial that the 

point of view of stakeholders is communicated on an on-going basis in relation to economic, 

environmental, social and governance aspects and to address their respective concerns as 

stakeholders’ concerns will be taken into account in the strategy planning and decision 

making process.   

 

The table below illustrates key stakeholder groups, their engagement activities, expectations 

and frequency of interactions with them.  

 

Stakeholder Group 

Engagement Activities 

Stakeholder Expectations 

Customers 

Marketing brochures, online 

platform, enquiry and feedback 

channel, customer service hotlines, 

periodic business networking 

 

Good quality of services and after 

sales support 

 

Employees 

Staff communication channel, 

periodic internal newsletter, annual 

meeting 

 

Staff welfare, competitive 

remuneration package, efficient 

software program and platform 

 

Investors 

Annual meetings, periodic media 

release and circulars to 

shareholders, periodic SGX 

announcements  

 

Profitability, transparency, timely 

reporting, business sustainability 

 

Business Partners 

Frequent discussions and meetings 

 

Partnership for opportunities and 

growth 

 

Government and 

Regulators  

Discussions with government 

agencies and departments 

 

Compliance with regulations, timely 

reporting and resolution of issues 

 

 

The ESG topics illustrated in the table below were identified to be the most material to CREG’s 

value chain in our first year sustainability report. We have re-evaluated the relevance of these 

ESG topics based on continuous internal and external stakeholder engagement. We are 

pleased to inform that the existing topics continue to remain relevant to our business and our 

stakeholders, and no additional topics were identified during the year. The table summarises 

the ESG topics’ corresponding performance, commitments and targets after taking into 

consideration of different stakeholder groups’ interests, as well as an evaluation of our 

business model and corporate strategies.  

 

 

 

 

 


CREG’S SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

12 

 

Topic 

Relevance and Impacts 

Commitments &amp; Targets 

Environmental 

Protection 

Applies to CREG’s business in property 

development in the PRC where the business has 

direct impact on the environment. Issues include 

environmental management, efficient use of 

energy and water to initiative to protect 

environment are key issues to all our 

stakeholders 

 

 Establish guidelines on 

environmental protection measures 

 Set up data collection system on 

energy and water usage of business 

operation in the PRC 

Human 

Capital 

Fair employment practices in aspects of hiring, 

remuneration, benefits, welfare and career 

development are important to attract, retain and 

develop good candidates for all our business 

segments. These are issues of interest to our 

stakeholders. 

 

 Clear employee’ rights and benefits 

set out in employee handbook 

disseminated to all employees 

 Consistent hiring practice and 

welfare  

Compliance 

with Laws and 

Regulations 

 

Measures in place to comply with anti-

corruption, socioeconomic, environmental and 

industry related laws and regulations, are 

important as we recognise the significant of its 

legal impact. These issues are areas with 

heightened attention of various stakeholders. 

 

 Continue to comply with laws and 

regulations 

 

Economic 

Performance 

All external and internal stakeholders look to our 

economic performance, value generated and 

distributed to communities where our business 

operates. 

 

 Revenue and profit growth in short 

to medium term 

 Sustainable dividend payout 

 

Corporate 

Governance 

Applies to all business segments in Singapore and 

overseas as policies and practice in place to 

uphold good corporate governance, including 

sound risk management framework. These are 

issues of interest to all our stakeholders 

 Stay abreast of development on 

code of corporate governance 

 Continue to uphold good corporate 

practice  

 


MATERIAL TOPICS 

13 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION 

 

CREG’s approach is to reduce the environmental impact of its business operations, to protect 

the planet, to mitigate climate change and to prevent pollution. This is particularly relevant 

to our property development business in the PRC. We strive to incorporate environmentally 

sensible and sustainable practices and technologies as a property developer. Monitoring 

environmental impact is integral to our business operations. CREG carries out detailed 

reviews of energy and water efficiency and monitors consumption levels to ensure efficient 

use of environmental resources which subsequently contributes to the operational efficiency 

and long term sustainability of the Group. 

 

Green Development 

 

We recognise that “green development” has become a common objective of people around 

the world. The fast pace development of our communities has significantly impacted the 

natural environment as the design, construction and operation of the buildings in which we 

live and work consume many of the world’s natural resources. Green development concepts 

extend beyond the walls of buildings to include site planning, community and land-use 

planning issues. Through this concept, we strive to enhance and protect biodiversity and 

ecosystems of the environment, conserve and restore natural resources, improves overall 

quality of social life, as well as enhance asset value and profits. 

 

As at the date of this Report, the construction of the 113-room luxury boutique Cheery Hotel 

Huzhou (the “Huzhou Hotel”) has been completed and the Huzhou Hotel is fully operational. 

As for the Huzhou Project, works will commence once the development implementation plan 

and business plan are finalised and approved by the relevant authorities. The Huzhou Project 

is a premier integrated development that will embody and display the region’s rich and 

unique cultural heritage through a myriad of leisure, resort, commercial, healthcare and 

ecological amenities. Our planning principle focused on the innovation of ecological 

civilisation to drive the inheritance of local culture; unique advantages of Jiangsu and Zhejiang 

river system and water resources; development and revitalisation of inland river yachts and 

water leisure, to fully excavate and protect the inheritance of local cultural tourism resources. 

On the basis of respecting the current water system, we guarantee the integrity and 

connectivity of the water system, emphasise the communication and networking of the water 

system to ensure realisation of flood control, drainage and ecological functions of the water 

system. We also respect the natural form of river landscape by maintaining the ecological 

landscape along the river.  

 

We have made regulations over noise, dust, sewage and solid waste generated during daily 

construction. We strive to minimise the impact of construction work on the communities and 

residents. The following are the list of the Group’s green practises in order to minimize the 

impact of construction work. 

 

Noise Management 

To monitor the noise impact to communities and residents, we have set reasonable 

construction timetables according to the noise limits at different stages of construction. 

 


MATERIAL TOPICS 

14 

 

Dust Management 

We strictly prohibit workers from burning any substance which may be harmful or may 

generate poisonous gas to the environment. In addition, every truck leaving construction sites 

is required to be sprinkled to lay the dust. 

 

Sewage Management 

In the effort to ensure up-to-standard water discharge, no accumulated water on site and no 

blockage during drainage, we regulate that installation of drainage and sewage treatment 

facilities must be done before commencement of construction. 

 

Solid Waste Management 

The site supervisor is accountable for compliance with government requirements during the 

disposal of construction and domestic wastes. 

 

 

 

 




MATERIAL TOPICS 

15 

 

 

 

Energy Management 

 

As part of our focus on sustainability, the Group continues to identify and implement energy 

conservation measures to reduce energy use in turn to reduce impact on the community and 

the environment. CREG carries out environmentally conscious practices relevant to its 

business. Therefore, energy-efficient practices are adopted for procurement of raw materials, 

plant and equipment to help deliver energy-efficient improvements and reduce the impact 

from operations/construction. 

 

Effective energy management is one of the initiatives undertaken by the Huzhou Hotel in 

minimising energy consumption in buildings. This will reduce not only our operational cost 

but also greenhouse gas emission as well as contributing towards climate change mitigation. 

For instance, the Huzhou Hotel has adopted a Ground Source Heat Pump, a central heating 

and/or cooling system that transfers heat to or from the ground. It uses earth at all time as a 

heat source (in the winter) or a heat sink (in the summer). This design takes advantage of the 

moderate temperatures in the ground to boost efficiency and reduce the operational costs of 

heating and cooling systems.  Upon initial implementation and commencement of operations, 

we will continue checking and verifying through performance monitoring and analysis.  

 

The industry which we are based in is energy-intensive and electricity consumption always 

comprises a significant proportion of our operating expenses. Apart from protecting the 

environment, we can also lower our cost by investing in energy efficiency. As a result, we 

target to establish guidelines on efficient usage of electricity and water, and build up a system 

to track the performance of electrical and water consumption across our buildings developed. 

Meanwhile, we tend to select electrical appliances with high energy star ratings and with 

energy saving functions, switch off lights and air-conditioners if rooms/areas are not in use to 

cut down energy usage. 

 




MATERIAL TOPICS 

16 

 

 

FY2019 

FY2018 

Electricity consumption (kWh) 

107,238.2 

120,189.5 

 

In FY2019, the total electricity consumption decreased 11% from the previous year due to the 

adoption of Ground Source Heat Pump. In addition, we have made further efforts to reduce 

electricity consumption as follows:  

 

1. The exterior walls of the Huzhou Hotel are made of aerated concrete block and 

thermal insulation mortar; 

2. The aluminum alloy doors and windows are made of 5 + 8 + 5 hollow glass with a 

thermal insulation aluminum alloy profile; and 

3. LED energy-saving lamps are used in the Huzhou Hotel. 

 

Moving forward, we will continue to monitor our electricity consumption for effective energy 

management. However, we expect there will be substantially increase in electricity 

consumption in FY2020 due to the full operations of the Huzhou Hotel.  

 

 

 


MATERIAL TOPICS 

17 

 

 

 

Water Management 

 

Water security is one of the main concerns for today’s world population. Irregular rainfall 

patterns and rising sea levels are greatly impacting the availability of potable water. A 

strategic approach to water management and quality improves the efficiency, resilience and 

long-term value of our projects. The effective management of both the consumption and 

quality of water leaving our project sites is extremely important and our Group continues to 

conserve and reduce water consumption through various initiatives. Contractors are required 

to monitor the wastewater discharged into the watercourse or sewerage system. 

 

 

 

 

 






MATERIAL TOPICS 

18 

 

 

FY2019 

FY2018 

Water consumption (tonnes) 

358.0 

299.1 

 

In FY2019, the total water consumption increased 20% as compared to previous year due to 

increasing development activities in the PRC. Currently, CREG does not have a specific water 

conservation plan at present but we are keen to implement methods for water conservation 

such as installing the Greywater System, reusing condensate water from air-conditioning 

systems in residences and commercial centres and etc. We have also taken further steps to 

reduce water consumption by using recycled rainwater for the landscape water. Moving 

forward, we will continue to monitor our water consumption to assess usage and maintain 

cost efficiency.  

 

 

 

 


MATERIAL TOPICS 

19 

 

HUMAN CAPITAL 

 

CREG believes that developing and attracting a diverse workforce is extremely important for 

success in a global marketplace. We believe each of our people play a part in contributing to 

our business presence, brand and authentic connections with our external stakeholders such 

as customers, suppliers and shareholders. Without our employees, we are unable to provide 

top-notch services to our customers. Hence, having in place adequate training programs, 

competitive remuneration packages and good working conditions will help to keep our people 

motivated at work.  

 

We are also committed to having good employment practices that are in line with the 

applicable employment laws and regulations. We employ the best people for the job, 

recruiting people from a range of backgrounds and criteria such as various qualifications, 

nationality, and age group. We also ensure that there is a healthy mix of men and women in 

the workplace. The tables below shows the statistic of the employees in the Group. 

 

Healthy mix of staff by gender 

 

Number of Employees 

Financial Year 

Male 

Female 

2019 

49 

44 

2018 

20 

20 

 

Employees distribution by gender and employment contract 

 

FY2019 

FY2018 

Category 

Male 

Female 

Male 

Female 

Full-time 

40 

33 

20 

20 

Part-time 

9 

11 

- 

- 

 

Employees by function 

 

FY2019 

FY2018 

Management 

15 

8 

HQ staff 

8 

5 

Operation staff 

70 

27 

 

Employees by gender in management level 

 

FY2019 

FY2018 

Male 

12 

7 

Female 

3 

1 

 

Number of employees by age group 

 

FY2019 

FY2018 

Below 30 years old 

33 

12 

31 to 40 years old 

21 

5 

41 to 55 years old 

26 

11 

Aove 55 years old 

13 

12 

 


MATERIAL TOPICS 

20 

 

To ensure equality and non-discrimination, we assess objectively for recruitment, 

remuneration, promotion and benefits regardless of gender, race, marital status or age. We 

believe all candidates and employees should be respected and treated fairly. 

 

Employee morale is also vital to our business. In order to nurture high employee morale and 

greater camaraderie within our family, we continue to organise various recreational activities 

for all our employees throughout the year. These activities can also help employees to relax 

their mind and body, develop teamwork and explore their talent. We will continue to organise 

activities which help in developing employee morale. 

 


MATERIAL TOPICS 

21 

 

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATION 

 

CREG attempts to practice strong corporate governance in order to gain stakeholders’ trust 

and maintain the necessary license to operate. We also believe that a robust corporate 

governance can help in delivering exceptional service to our customers and interaction with 

our stakeholders. We advocate good corporate governance practice and strict compliance 

with laws and regulations, which is aimed at promoting better performance throughout 

different business segments of CREG.  

 

Our employees are expected to maintain the highest standards of integrity and trust in all 

business relationships and dealings. We place great emphasis on accountability, transparency, 

ethical business conduct and good corporate governance that is manifested throughout the 

Group’s strategies and operations.  

 

We have zero tolerance towards any form of bribery or any form of corruption. Even though 

we have not set up an anti-corruption policy, we require our people to comply with the 

relevant anti-corruption legislation in all the markets where we operate.  

 

CREG does not have any whistle-blowing policy. However, our staff have been informed about 

the various avenues, including the chairman of the audit committee, through which they may 

report on possible improprieties in matters of suspected fraud, corruption, dishonest 

practices or other matters. Appropriate action will be taken by authorised personnel if the 

employee being reported is found guilty of fraud or dishonest. 

 

In FY2019, there were no legal cases regarding corrupt practices and significant non-

compliance with socioeconomic and environmental laws and regulations that were brought 

against CREG or our people. We continue to monitor compliance on socioeconomic and 

environmental laws and regulations. 

 

 




GRI Content Index 

22 

 

GRI 

Standard  

Disclosure 

Notes/ Page Reference 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Sustainability Report - page 1 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Sustainability Report - page 6 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Sustainability Report - page 6 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Sustainability Report - page 6 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report 2019 - Statistic of 

Shareholdings 

102-6 

Markets served 

Sustainability Report - page 6 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Sustainability Report - pages 6 and 7, 

Annual Report 2019 – Financial Highlights 

102-8 

Information on employees and other 

workers 

Sustainability Report - page 19 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Sustainability Report - page 8 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation 

and its supply chain 

No significant changes 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Not applicable 

102-12 

External Initiatives 

Not applicable 

102-13 

Membership of association 

Not applicable 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

Sustainability Report - page 3 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms 

of behavior 

Sustainability Report - page 6 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Sustainability Report - page 9 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Sustainability Report - page 11 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Sustainability Report - page 11 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Sustainability Report - page 11 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Sustainability Report - page 12 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

Annual Report – Investment in Subsidiary 

Corporation 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries 

Sustainability Report - page 4 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Sustainability Report - page 12 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

Not applicable 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Sustainability Report - page 4 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

Not applicable 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

Sustainability Report - page 5 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with 

the GRI Standards 

Sustainability Report - page 4 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Sustainability Report - page 22 

102-56 

External assurance 

We have not sought external assurance for 

our sustainability report FY2019 and may 

consider it in the future. 

 

 

 


GRI Content Index 

23 

 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Notes/ Page Reference 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary 

Sustainability Report - page 12 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Sustainability Report - page 9-12 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Sustainability Report - page 9-12 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

Annual Report 2019 – Consolidated 

Statement of Comprehensive Income  

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken 

Sustainability Report - page 21 

302-1 

Electricity consumption within the organization 

Sustainability Report - page 15 

303-1 

Water withdrawal by source 

Sustainability Report - page 17 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

Sustainability Report - page 21 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in 

the social and economic area 

Sustainability Report - page 21 

 

