


可持續發展報告

Sustainability Report

2019













中 國 光 大 水 務 有 限 公 司

CHINA EVERBRIGHT WATER LIMITED

中 國 光 大 水 務 有 限 公 司

CHINA EVERBRIGHT WATER LIMITED

(於百慕達註冊成立之有限公司)

(STOCK CODES 股份代號: U9E.SG &amp; 1857.HK)

(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)










To Create 

Better Investment Value

and Undertake 

More Social Responsibility

創造

承擔

更好投資價值

更多社會責任




 

 



隨

著生態環境保護提升為國家戰略，

中國政府在環境保護、生態文明建

設方面的投入前所未見。面對更嚴

格的行業監管，光大水務（定義見後文）將

繼續負重前行，在各類挑戰中摸索方向、搶

抓機遇，才能破繭而出，實現新一輪發展。

光大水務秉承「情繫生態環境，築夢美麗中

國」的企業使命，緊跟國家政策，把握市場

脈動，以科技創新為引領，形成全面發展的

新格局。光大水務致力以優質的環保服務和

產品，為社會創造可持續的人居環境，憑著

豐富的行業經驗，奮力成為中國水環境綜合

治理領域的翹楚。

F

ollowing the escalation of ecological and environmental 

protection to a new level as national strategies, 

the Chinese government has placed emphasis of 

unprecedented level on the environmental protection and 

ecological conservation. With the more stringent industry 

regulations, Everbright Water (defined hereafter) will continue 

riding through the challenges, keeping moving forward, 

exploring directions and seizing opportunities, so as to stand 

out in a crowd and embark a new round of development. 

Everbright Water adheres to its corporate mission of being 

“Devoted to Ecology and Environment for a Beautiful China”, 

aligns with relevant national policies, keeps pace with market 

trends, and seeks development through technology and 

innovation, in order to achieve comprehensive development 

and stable business performance. Everbright Water is 

committed to building a sustainable living environment for the 

society by providing high-quality environmental protection 

services and products. Leveraging on its outstanding 

experience in the industry, Everbright Water aims to emerge 

as a leader in the water environment management sector  

of China.



WANG TIANYI

王天義

Non-Executive Director and Chairman

非執行董事兼董事長


















Table of Contents   目錄

About The Report

關於本報告

3

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作 

60

Community Engagement

社區參與 

82

Devoted to Achieving Sustainable Development Goals

致力實踐可持續發展目標 

97

Major Recognitions, Awards and Memberships

主要嘉許、獎項及會籍

106

Verification Statement

審核聲明 

108

Key Statistics

主要數據 

110

Appendix I — GRI Content Index

附錄I — GRI內容索引 

119

Appendix II — SEHK ESG Reporting Guide Content Index 

附錄II — 聯交所《環境、社會及管治報告指引》內容索引

127

Appendix III — Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations 

That Have a Significant Impact on Everbright Water

附錄III — 對光大水務有重大影響的相關法律及規例的遵守情況

131

Message From CEO

總裁寄語 

6

Our Sustainable Business

我們的可持續業務 

10

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治 

20

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

30

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理 

40


China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司



3

About The Report

關於本報告

C

hina Everbright Water Limited (“Everbright Water” 

or the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the 

“Group”) is an environmental protection company 

focusing on water environment management. It is listed on 

the Mainboard of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (“SGX” or “SGX-ST”) and the Main Board of The Stock 

Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“SEHK”) (stock codes: U9E.

SG &amp; 1857.HK) with its direct controlling shareholder being 

China Everbright International Limited (stock code: 257.HK, 

“Everbright International”).

Everbright Water is one of the leading water environment 

management enterprises in China. It has developed a full-

fledged business coverage, which includes raw water 

protection, water supply, municipal waste water treatment, 

industrial waste water treatment, reusable water, river-basin 

ecological restoration, and sludge treatment and disposal. 

Meanwhile, the Company has formed a full industry chain on 

the water business, including project investment, planning 

and design, technological research and development 

(“R&amp;D”), engineering and construction, operations 

management, and etc.

The Sustainability Report 2019 (the “Report”) covers the 

Group’s main sustainability initiatives and performance during 

the period from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019 (the 

“Reporting Period” or the “year under review”). The Report 

was prepared in accordance with Rule 13.91 and Appendix 

27 Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Reporting 

Guide of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on SEHK, 

as well as the Listing Manual of SGX (Rules 711A, 711B and 

Practice Note 7.6 Sustainability Reporting Guide). The Report 

has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: 

Comprehensive option(1). By these means, the material issues 

were covered in a more comprehensive manner. Besides, the 

Sustainable Development Goals of the United Nations (“SDGs”) 

have been fully integrated into the Group’s environmental and 

social management strategies to reflect its commitment to 

tackling the world’s most pressing issues.

中

國光大水務有限公司（「光大水務」

或「本公司」，連同其附屬公司合稱

「本集團」）是以水環境綜合治理業

務為主業的環保集團，為新加坡證券交易所

有限公司（「新交所」）及香港聯合交易所有限

公司（「聯交所」）主板上市公司（股份代號：

U9E.SG及1857.HK），直接控股股東為中國光

大國際有限公司（股份代號：257.HK，「光大

國際」）。

光大水務為中國領先的水環境綜合治理企業

之一，已實現原水保護、供水、市政污水處

理、工業廢水處理、中水回用、流域治理及污

泥處理處置等全業務範圍覆蓋，精專於項目

投資、規劃設計、科技研發（「研發」）、工程建

設、運營管理等業務領域，形成水務行業全產

業鏈佈局。

二零一九年可持續發展報告（「本報告」）涵蓋

了本集團於二零一九年一月一日至二零一九

年十二月三十一日（「報告期」或「回顧年度」）

期間的主要可持續發展策略和表現。其內容

依循聯交所證券上市規則第13.91條及附錄

二十七所載的《環境、社會及管治（「環境、社

會及管治」）報告指引》以及新交所上市手冊

（第711A條、第711B條和第7.6項應用指引《可

持續發展報告指引》）所編寫。本報告依循GRI

準則：全面選項(1)，務求報告更全面涵蓋實質

性議題。此外，本集團將聯合國可持續發展目

標（「SDGs」）全面融入環境及社會管理戰略

中，以展示應對全球最迫切議題的決心。


4

About The Report

關於本報告

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

本報告所披露的數據及信息是基於實質性評

估、持份者參與和其他相關的可持續發展報

告指引釐訂，涵蓋了本集團在報告期內於深

圳、香港和新加坡辦公室以及本集團擁有運

營控制權的在建(2)與運營項目的可持續發展表

現(3),(4)。本集團的相關實體資料可參閱本集團

關於回顧年度的年度報告（「二零一九年度報

告」）中的財務報表附註。本報告的資料收集

及分析乃根據相關國際或當地指引或準則進

行，包括使用清潔發展機制（「CDM」）核准的

計算方法估算項目的溫室氣體（「溫室氣體」）

排放及抵消。除了整數數據及二零一九年度

報告已公佈的數據外，本報告所載的所有數

據均已作捨入調整(5)。

本集團已委託香港品質保證局作為第三方核

證審核機構，為本報告的內容及數據進行獨

立審計及認證，其相關審核聲明已附載於本

報告中。本報告的內容及範圍亦經過光大水

務董事會（「董事會」，其中每位簡稱「董事」）

審閱及批准，以表明董事會已將可持續發展

議題視為戰略制定的一部分，確定了重大的

環境、社會及管治議題，並對該等議題的管理

和監測進行了監督。

本報告備有中英文版本，已上載至新交所網站

SGXNet (www.sgx.com)、香港交易及結算所有

限公司網站(www.hkexnews.hk)及光大水務網

站(www.ebwater.com)供下載及閱覽。如中、

英文版本有任何抵觸或不相符之處，應以英

文版本為準；若本報告和二零一九年度報告

有任何抵觸或不相符之處，應以二零一九年

度報告為準。

歡 迎 各 持 份 者 及 公 眾 電 郵 至

info@ebwater.com，就本報告內容、報告方式和

本集團在可持續發展方面的表現提供寶貴意

見及建議。

The data and information disclosed in the Report were based 

on materiality assessment, stakeholder engagement and 

other relevant sustainability reporting guidelines, covering the 

sustainability performance of the Group’s Shenzhen, Hong 

Kong and Singapore offices, projects under construction(2) 

and operating projects under the Group’s operational control 

during the Reporting Period(3),(4). The relevant entities of the 

Group can be found in the Group’s annual report for the 

year under review (the “Annual Report 2019”) – Notes to 

the Financial Statements. Relevant guidelines or standards 

in international or local context were used as the basis for 

data collection and analysis of the Report, including the use 

of the Clean Development Mechanism (“CDM”) approved 

methodologies for the estimation of the projects’ greenhouse 

gas (“GHG”) emissions and offset. All data included in the 

Report has been rounded except integers and data disclosed in 

the Annual Report 2019(5).

The Group commissioned Hong Kong Quality Assurance 

Agency as a third-party verification institution to conduct 

an independent audit and verification on the content and 

data of the Report, and the relevant Verification Statement is 

appended to the Report. The board of directors of Everbright 

Water (the “Board” or the “Directors”, and each a “Director”) 

reviewed and approved the content and scope of the Report 

to demonstrate that the Board had considered sustainability 

issues as part of its strategic formulation, determined the 

material ESG factors and overseen the management and 

monitoring of the material ESG factors.

The Report is available in both Chinese and English versions 

and has been uploaded onto the SGXNet (www.sgx.com), 

the websites of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited 

(www.hkexnews.hk) and Everbright Water (www.ebwater.com). 

If there is any inconsistency or discrepancy between the 

Chinese version and the English version, the English version 

shall prevail; in the event of any inconsistency or discrepancy 

between the Report and the Annual Report 2019, the Annual 

Report 2019 shall prevail.

The Group welcomes all stakeholders and the public to provide 

valuable comments and suggestions to info@ebwater.com on 

the content of the Report, the reporting approach as well as the 

Group’s sustainability performance.


5

About The Report

關於本報告

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

附註：

(1) 

GRI是指全球報告倡議組織。

(2) 

有關在建項目的環境數據，本報告僅披露其電

力及水消耗量以及相關的溫室氣體排放。其他

數據如燃料消耗量和物料使用量由承包商及╱

或分包商擁有，本集團無權存取有關數據。

(3) 

除非另有註明，承包商及╱或分包商的數據不

會於本報告中披露。

(4) 

由於青島污水處理項目（海泊河廠）及光大水務

以工程總包（「EPC」）模式承接的兩個項目所涉

及的資產由其客戶擁有，光大水務無權存取其

環境數據（包括電力消耗量及水消耗量等）。因

此，這些項目的環境表現不會於本報告中披露。

(5) 

本報告所載各類表格中包含的數字，由於捨入

關係，數值加起來可能不等於總數或100%。

Notes:

(1) 

GRI refers to Global Reporting Initiative.

(2) 

For environmental data of projects under construction, only 

electricity and water consumption and associated GHG emissions 

are disclosed in the Report. Other data such as fuel and materials 

consumption are possessed by contractors and/or subcontractors 

and the Group does not have access to them.

(3) 

Unless otherwise specified, data of contractors and/or 

subcontractors is not disclosed in the Report.

(4) 

Since the assets related to Qingdao Waste Water Treatment Project 

(Haibohe Plant) and the two projects undertaken by Everbright Water 

under engineering, procurement and construction (“EPC”) approach 

are owned by its customers, Everbright Water has no access to 

the environmental data of such projects, including electricity 

consumption, water consumption, etc. As such, the environmental 

performance of these projects is not disclosed in the Report.

(5) 

The numbers stated in various tables of the Report may not add up 

to totals or 100% due to rounding.


China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司



6

Message From CEO

總裁寄語

T

he Group achieved a major milestone in 2019. On 8 May 

2019, the Company became officially listed on the Main 

Board of the SEHK, achieving its dual listing status in 

Singapore and Hong Kong. This helped the Company further 

expand its international financing platform and bring new 

impetus to its long-term development.

In the past year, Everbright Water navigated through 

challenging market and industry landscape, and enhanced 

its development in comprehensive management of water 

environment, comprehensive utilisation of water resources 

and comprehensive protection of water ecology. In addition, 

Everbright Water continued providing the society with 

sustainable and safe water sources in order to build a 

sustainable and clean water environment for the public. 

Following the tightening of environmental protection 

regulations in recent years and the escalation of ecological 

protection needs, the water industry has entered into a 

strategic transformation from “Growth in Scale” to “Improve 

Quality and Efficiency”. Everbright Water closely follows the 

national policies, constantly improves its quality, and strives 

to become a leader in the industry. In addition, in response 

to the novel coronavirus epidemic, the Group has proactively 

put in place numerous measures in control and prevention 

of epidemic and resumption of work and production. The 

epidemic has little impact on the Group’s operating projects, 

and its waste water treatment projects and reusable water 

projects are in normal operation.

During the Reporting Period, Everbright Water continued 

focusing on the following agenda and integrating the concept 

of sustainable development into every detail of business 

management:

二

零一九年是本集團具有里程碑意義

的一年。二零一九年五月八日，本公

司正式於聯交所主板掛牌上市，取得

新加坡及香港兩地雙重上市地位，進一步拓

寬國際化融資平台，為企業的長遠發展帶來

新的動力。

在過去一年裡，光大水務在充滿挑戰的市場

及行業環境中把握方向，穩步推進水環境綜

合治理、水資源綜合利用與水生態綜合保護

的業務發展，繼續為社會提供可持續的安全水

源，為公眾建設可持續的潔淨水環境。隨著近

年來環保監管的日趨嚴格以及生態保護需求

的升級，水務行業步入戰略性轉型，從「規模

增長」轉向「提質增效」。光大水務將緊跟國家

大政方針，不斷提升自身水平，致力成為業界

翹楚。此外，為應對新型冠狀病毒疫情，本集

團積極採取多項抗疫防控、復工復產措施，令

疫情對本集團的運營項目影響不大，旗下的

污水處理、中水回用等項目正常運營。

報告期內，光大水務繼續圍繞下列範疇，將可

持續發展理念融入業務管理的每個細節：


7

Message From CEO

總裁寄語

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

建設生態文明

本集團秉承「情繫生態環境，築夢美麗中國」

的企業使命，已逐漸形成水務行業全產業鏈佈

局，主營業務涵蓋原水保護、供水、市政污水

處理、工業廢水處理、中水回用、流域治理、

污泥處理處置等，致力打造標竿環保水務項

目，以積極響應國家生態文明建設的戰略。截

至二零一九年十二月三十一日，本集團投資

並持有129個項目，另承接兩個EPC項目及一

個委託運營（「委託運營」）項目。

報告期內，本集團成功拓展新業務領域，取得

首個飲用水源濕地保護項目－浙江桐鄉西部

飲用水源保護建設工程政府和社會資本合作

（「PPP」）項目（「浙江桐鄉項目」），完善業務

覆蓋。

應對環境污染及氣候變化 

本集團的水環境綜合治理服務（包括污水處

理、中水回用、污泥處理處置項目等）可大幅

降低污水排放帶來的環境影響；流域治理項

目通過構建更穩固的生態環境從而提升城市

應對區域水環境污染的抗禦能力，為建設可

持續城市和社區作出貢獻。為加強項目對氣

候變化的應變能力，本集團將氣候變化風險

納入了風險管理體系中，從而制定更完善的

緊急與自然災害應急方案。

Developing Ecological Conservation

The Group adheres to its corporate mission of being “Devoted 

to Ecology and Environment for a Beautiful China” and 

gradually forms a full-fledged business coverage in the 

water industry, including raw water protection, water supply, 

municipal waste water treatment, industrial waste water 

treatment, reusable water, river-basin ecological restoration, 

sludge treatment and disposal, etc. Everbright Water strives to 

develop benchmark environmental water projects, proactively 

responding to the national strategy in the development of 

ecological conservation. As at 31 December 2019, the Group 

invested in and held 129 water projects, and undertook 2 EPC 

projects and 1 operation and management (“O&amp;M”) project.

During the Reporting Period, the Group successfully expanded 

into a new business area by securing its first drinking water 

source and wetland protection project, namely Zhejiang 

Tongxiang West Area Drinking Water Sources Protection Public-

Private Partnership (“PPP”) Project (“Zhejiang Tongxiang 

Project”), expanding its business coverage.

Responding to Environmental Pollution and 

Climate Change

The Group’s water environment management services 

(including waste water treatment, reusable water, sludge 

treatment and disposal projects, etc.) substantially minimise 

the environmental impacts arising from waste water 

discharge. The Group’s river-basin ecological restoration 

projects construct more stable ecological environment, and 

thus improve the cities’ resilience against regional water 

environment pollution, and contribute to the development of 

sustainable cities and communities. To improve the projects’ 

resilience against climate change, the Group has included 

climate change risk into its Risk Management System in order 

to formulate more comprehensive emergency and natural 

disaster contingency plans.


8

Message From CEO

總裁寄語

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

注重人才發展

本集團注重人才隊伍建設，始終堅持「以人為

本」的管理理念，圍繞業務發展的需要開展人

力資源管理工作，務求建立一支具積極性、主

動性和創造性的團隊。本集團已建立和實施了

系統化的聘用、培訓、考核、獎懲、晉升等人

力資源管理制度，並於報告期內通過不同形

式的培訓進一步優化了後備人才培養體系。

助力技術研發

本集團堅持「創新引領發展」，致力打造具有

特色的新技術。報告期內，本集團繼續於污水

深度處理、水環境治理、污泥處理處置等領域

進行技術研發和引進，並推動徐州市市政設計

院有限公司的整合工作，進一步提升在水環

境領域的市政工程設計實力，拓展從前期項

目設計到最終運營管理的全鏈條服務能力。

加強環保教育

為提高社區對污水處理等環保領域的認識，

宣揚環境保護的重要性，光大水務積極響應中

華人民共和國（「中國」）生態環境部與住房和

城鄉建設部下發的《關於進一步做好全國環

保設施和城市污水垃圾處理設施向公眾開放

工作的通知》，主動開放轄屬污水處理設施，

致力於把本集團建設成為一個集參觀學習、

實踐學習、技能培訓為一體的全國先進的公眾

開放和環保宣傳基地。截至二零一九年十二

月三十一日，本集團已有共20個項目向公眾正

式開放。

Paying Attention to Talent Development

The Group pays great attention to talent development and 

always adheres to the “People-Oriented” management 

philosophy. The Group also carries out human resources 

management activities according to the needs of its business 

development, and strives to build a motivated, proactive and 

creative team. The Group has established and implemented 

a more systematic human resources management system 

covering areas such as: recruitment, training, appraisal, 

rewards, punishments and promotion, and has further 

improved its backup talent development system through 

various forms of trainings during the Reporting Period.

Fostering Technological Research and Development

The Group adheres to the “Innovation-Driven Development” 

ethos and strives to develop new featured technologies. During 

the Reporting Period, the Group continuously focused on 

technological R&amp;D and acquisition of technologies, in the areas 

such as advanced waste water treatment, water environment 

management and sludge treatment and disposal. The Group 

continues integrating Xuzhou Municipal Engineering Design 

Institute Co., Ltd., and further improves its design capability in 

the area of municipal engineering which is within the water 

environment sector. The Group also enhances its capabilities 

in providing full services from the early stage of planning and 

design till the final stage of operations management.

Strengthening Environmental Education

In order to enhance the communities’ awareness of waste 

water treatment and other environmental sectors and 

to promote the importance of environmental protection, 

Everbright Water actively responded to the requirements under 

the Notice on Further Opening the National Environmental 

Protection Facilities and Urban Waste Water and Waste 

Treatment Facilities to the Public issued by the Ministry of 

Ecology and Environment and the Ministry of Housing and 

Urban-Rural Development of the People’s Republic of China 

(the “PRC”), and opened its waste water treatment facilities to 

the public. The Group is committed to developing itself into an 

advanced hub for public visits and environmental education 

that provides on-site visits, practical learnings and technical 

trainings simultaneously. As at 31 December 2019, a total of 20 

projects of the Group had been officially opened to the public.


9

Message From CEO

總裁寄語

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

結語

隨著中國不斷加強生態文明建設及區域環境

治理，光大水務將以新港兩地雙重上市為發

展新契機，緊抓行業機遇，穩步推進業務拓

展、工程建設、運營管理、技術研發等各項工

作，並加強運營管理及風險管控水平，以更

加長遠的發展眼光規劃推動企業的可持續發

展。

安雪松

執行董事兼總裁

二零二零年五月二十九日

Summing Up

Following China’s enhanced efforts in ecological conservation 

and regional environmental management, Everbright Water will 

leverage on the opportunities arising from the dual listing in 

both Singapore and Hong Kong, and develop in various areas 

such as business expansion, engineering and construction, 

operations management, technological R&amp;D, etc. The Group 

will improve its proficiencies in operations management and 

risk control, and promote sustainability through a long-term 

business planning.

AN XUESONG

Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer

29 May 2020

Board Statement   董事會聲明

The Board has reviewed the material environmental, social and governance issues, and 

will manage and monitor these issues and take them into consideration in determining 

the Group’s business directions and strategies. The Group will actively undertake social 

responsibility in pursuing a better water environment.

董事會已審閱有關環境、社會及管治的重大議題，將管理和監督這些議題，並在制定本集團營業

方針及戰略時將該等議題列入考慮範圍。本集團將積極承擔社會責任，創造更優質的水環境。










China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司



10

Our Sustainable Business

我們的可持續業務



























We incorporate long-term sustainable 

development strategies and commit to 

becoming A ROLE MODEL IN WATER 

INDUSTRY

採納長遠可持續發展方針， 

致力成為水務行業企業模範


11

Our Sustainable Business

我們的可持續業務

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

光

大 水 務 是 以

水 環 境 綜 合

治 理 業 務 為

主業的環保集團，為

新交所及聯交所主板

上市公司（股份代號：

U9E.SG及1857.HK ），

其直接控股股東為光

大國際（股份代號：257.HK）。

二零一九年五月八日，光大水務於聯交所主

板正式掛牌上市，成功獲得新加坡及香港兩

地雙重上市地位。新港兩地上市有助於本公

司吸引不同投資者、擴大股東基礎及促進業

務長遠發展。

E

v e r b r i g h t  W a t e r  i s  a n 

environmental protection 

company focusing on water 

environment management. It is listed 

on the Mainboard of SGX and the 

Main Board of SEHK (stock codes: 

U9E.SG &amp; 1857.HK) with its direct 

controlling shareholder being Everbright 

International (stock code: 257.HK).

Everbright Water became officially listed on the Main Board 

of SEHK on 8 May 2019, achieving its dual listing status in 

Singapore and Hong Kong. The dual listing facilitates the 

Company to attract investors, broadens its shareholder base, 

and contributes to its long-term business growth.




12

Our Sustainable Business

我們的可持續業務

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

業務概覽

光大水務目前已實現原水保護、供水、市政

污水處理、工業廢水處理、中水回用、流域治

理、污泥處理處置等全業務範圍覆蓋，專注於

項目投資、規劃設計、科技研發、工程建設、

運營管理等業務領域，形成水務行業全產業

鏈佈局。

Business Overview

Everbright Water has developed a full-fledged business 

coverage, which includes raw water protection, water 

supply, municipal waste water treatment, industrial waste 

water treatment, reusable water, river-basin ecological 

restoration, and sludge treatment and disposal. Meanwhile, 

the Company has formed a full industry chain on the water 

business, including project investment, planning and design, 

technological R&amp;D, engineering and construction, operations 

management, etc.

Total water treatment capacity

水處理總規模

approximately 

6,200,000 m3/day

約 620萬立方米╱日

As at 31 December 2019

截至二零一九年十二月三十一日

8 

reusable water projects

個中水回用項目

108

waste water treatment projects

(including waste water pipeline network projects)

個污水處理項目（含污水管網項目）

6

river-basin ecological restoration projects

個流域治理項目

3

water supply projects

個供水項目

1

raw water protection project 

個原水保護項目

1

leachate treatment project 

個滲濾液處理項目

2

waste water source heat pump projects 

個污水源熱泵項目

2

EPC projects

個EPC項目

1

O&amp;M project 

個委託運營項目

Invested and held a total of 129 projects,  

and undertook 3 EPC/O&amp;M projects

共投資並持有129個水務項目，另承接3個EPC╱委託運營項目

Note: For the details and list of the Group’s projects as at 31 December 2019, please refer to the 

section entitled “Project Overview” in the Annual Report 2019.

附註： 有關本集團截至二零一九年十二月三十一日的項目詳情及清單，請參閱二零一九年度報告

中「項目概覽」一節。


13

Our Sustainable Business

我們的可持續業務

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Total project investment

項目累計投資金額

approximately 

RMB23.5 billion

約 人民幣235億元

Total contract value of 

EPC/O&amp;M projects

EPC╱委託運營項目累計合同金額

approximately 

RMB146 million

約 人民幣1.46億元

Businesses are located in 10 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions  

in China

業務遍及中國十個省、市及自治區

Secured projects which are located in 50 districts, counties and cities across 10 provinces, municipalities 

and autonomous regions in China, including Beijing, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Shandong, Shaanxi, Henan, Hubei, 

Guangxi, Liaoning and Inner Mongolia.

已落實項目遍布北京、江蘇、浙江、山東、陝西、河南、湖北、廣西、遼寧及內蒙古等中國10個省、市

及自治區的50個區、縣、市。


14

Our Sustainable Business

我們的可持續業務

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司







二零一九年業務亮點

（截至二零一九年十二月三十一日）

 

收入約55.5億港元，總資產約226.8億

港元

 

獲得各類補貼資金達人民幣6,527萬元

 

獲 得 授 權 專 利25項（ 包 括 發 明 專 利 

11項），發表技術論文27篇

 

旗下各項目共處理污水約14億立方米、

供應中水約1,765萬立方米，較二零一八

年分別增長13%和8%

Business Highlights in 2019

(As at 31 December 2019)

 

Revenue of approximately HK$5.55 billion, with total 

assets of approximately HK$22.68 billion

 

Received various subsidies amounting to RMB65.27 

million

 

Granted 25 patents (11 invention patents inclusive) and 

published 27 scientific papers

 

The Group’s projects treated approximately 1.4 billion m3 of 

waste water and produced approximately 17.65 million m3 

of reusable water, representing an increase of 13% and 8% 

respectively compared with 2018

101 

Projects in operation

個運營項目

1 

Project completed construction

個建成完工項目

14 

Projects under construction

個在建項目

16

Projects in preparatory stage

個籌建項目

NEW

GEOGRAPHICAL 

AREA

新

區

域

Zhejiang Tongxiang Project marked the expansion of the Group’s business 

footprint into Zhejiang Province.

浙江桐鄉項目的取得標誌著本集團業務足跡延伸至浙江省。

NEW

BUSINESS  

AREA

新

領

域

Zhejiang Tongxiang Project was the Group’s first project in the area of drinking 

water sources wetland protection and raw water supply, expanding its business 

coverage.

浙江桐鄉項目的取得亦填補了本集團於飲用水源濕地保護及原水供給領域的空

白，進一步完善業務覆蓋。

NEW

BUSINESS  

MODEL

新

模

式

Shandong Zibo Zhangdian East Chemical Industrial Park Industrial Waste Water 

Treatment Project marked the Group’s first adoption of market-oriented operation 

model for the industrial park waste water treatment business.

山東淄博張店東部化工區工業廢水處理項目的取得開啟了本集團對化工園區污

水處理市場化運營模式的探索。


15

Our Sustainable Business

我們的可持續業務

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

The Group’s Featured Environmental Protection 

Businesses

Sponge City

海綿城市

“Sponge City” aims to improve a city’s ability in absorption, infiltration, 

retention, release and purification of rainwater, and to strengthen the urban 

ecosystem through building systems that can effectively control surface 

runoff and relieve pressure on urban river channels. To assist in solving the 

problems of urban waterlogging and black and odourous water bodies, the 

sponge city has six functions, namely water security development, water 

landscape planning, water environmental protection, water ecological 

restoration, water culture inheritance and water economic development.







































































































Retention Tank

調蓄池

Rainwater is absorbed, stored,

infltrated and purifed.

下雨時吸水、蓄水、滲水、淨水。 

To release stored water for 

use as needed.

需要時將儲存的水釋放加以利用。

Rain Garden

雨水花園

Green Roof

綠色屋頂

Wetland

濕地

Ecological Woodland

生態樹池

Retention Lake

調蓄湖

Bioswale

生態草溝

Porous Pavement

多孔路面

Permeable Ground Surface

透水地面

Eco-River Channel

生態河道

The Concept of “Sponge City”     「海綿城市」概念圖

「海綿城市」旨在透過建立控制表面徑

流和防洪排澇的系統，提升城市對雨

水的吸納、蓄滲、緩釋和淨化能力，加

強城市生態系統功能。海綿城市協助

解決城市內澇和水體黑臭的問題，擁

有水安全建設、水景觀規劃、水環境

保護、水生態恢復、水文化傳承與水

經濟發展等六大水務功能。

本集團特色環保業務 


16

Our Sustainable Business

我們的可持續業務

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Waste Water Overflow Pollution Control Project Along Jinshan Lake

沿金山湖合流污水溢流污染控制工程

The Group applies the “Sponge City” concept in practice through its Zhenjiang Sponge City Construction PPP Project 

(“Zhenjiang Sponge City Project”), which integrates a series of water storage tanks, rainwater pumping stations, 

rainwater drainage networks, waste water treatment facilities, as well as ecological restoration works. This project will 

significantly improve the capacity of Zhenjiang City in waterlogging prevention, pollution reduction and rainwater utilisation.

Among them, the Waste Water Overflow Pollution Control Project Along Jinshan Lake, which is the largest single 

sub-project under Zhenjiang Sponge City Project and focuses on the control of surface runoff and combined sewer 

overflow pollution, has successfully commenced construction during the Reporting Period. The large-diameter pipes 

laid at the bottom of Jinshan Lake are connected to the main rainwater pipeline and pumping stations at each sub-

catchment area on the south bank of Jinshan Lake, and the rainwater is transferred to the water treatment plant and 

wetland for treatment before discharge. The sub-project plays an important role in storing, transferring, and purifying 

rainwater, and improves the discharge from the sponge city pilot area as a whole. To purify urban water resources, 

the Group has also revitalised several black and odourous rivers in Zhenjiang city that flow into Jinshan Lake through 

various measures, such as river bank and slope stabilisation, dredging, water pollution source control, waste water 

interception, improvement of water circulation, wetland restoration, etc.

本集團將「海綿城市」概念透過鎮江海綿城市建設PPP項目（「鎮江海綿城市項目」）付諸實行，建立一系列調蓄池、

雨水泵站、雨水管網和污水處理設施以及生態治理工程。該項目將大幅提升鎮江市的內澇防治、污染削減以及雨

水利用能力。

其中，鎮江海綿城市項目中的最大單體工程－沿金山湖合流污水溢流污染控制工程於報告期內順利啟動，該工程

重點在於對地表徑流和溢流污染進行控制。在金山湖底鋪設的大管徑管道串聯了金山湖南岸各個匯水分區主要

的雨水總管與泵站，在排放之前將雨水輸送至污水處理廠和濕地處理。項目發揮了調蓄、轉輸、淨化雨水的作用，

並整體改善了海綿城市建設試點區域的排放。與此同時，本集團還對鎮江市內幾條流入金山湖的黑臭河流進行同

步改造，採取了岸坡整治、清淤疏浚、控源截污、活水循環、濕地處理等修復措施，以淨化城市水資源。

Project Goals

項目目標

Water Quality Improvement

水質改善

To prevent 91% of pollutants from 

entering Jinshan Lake and substantially 

reduce algae blooms

將削減91％的污染物進入金山湖，大幅

度減少藻華發生

Flood Prevention

防洪措施

To upgrade the flood prevention standard of the 8.75 km2 pipeline network service 

area that can prevent flood occurring once in 30 years; to build resilience of the 

29 km2 sponge city pilot area to withstand flood occurring once in 30 years

可使8.75平方公里管網服務範圍內防洪標準提升至30年一遇；29平方公里海綿城市

建設試點區域內可全面有效應對30年一遇洪水



Landscape Construction

景觀營造

To build a river shore wetland landscape 

in East China by combining designs of 

green corridor with ecological wetland

結合綠廊與生態濕地的設計，構建在華

東的江灘濕地景觀


17

Our Sustainable Business

我們的可持續業務

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

River-Basin Restoration

流域治理

River-basin restoration (or river-basin ecological restoration) refers to river ecosystem restoration through 

establishing a healthy, comprehensive and stable river ecosystem using artificial reclamation measures, 

while meeting the basic needs for flood prevention, stormwater drainage and diversion within the river 

and land boundary.

流域治理（或生態河道治理）是指在河道陸域控制線內，在滿足防洪、排澇及引水等河道功能的基礎

上，通過人工修復措施促進河道水生態系統恢復，構建健康、完整、穩定的河道水生態系統。







































































































































































































Biozone and Fine Bubble 

Aeration

生物帶及微孔曝氣

結合污水處理及綠化技術，

去除氨氮及化學需氧量(「COD」)

Water Supply Pipeline

供水管線

Provide Fresh Water

提供淡水

Underwater “Forest”

水下「森林」

Improve Waterbody's 

提升水體自淨能力

Rubber Dam

橡膠壩

Control Water Levels 

控制水位

Riverside Greenery

河道兩旁綠化





Surface Aeration

水面曝氣

Increase Dissolved Oxygen

of Waterbody

提高水體溶解氧含量





































































Magnetic Separation Facility 

超磁分離設備

Reduce Water Pollutants

減少水中污染物

Integrate Waste Water 

Treatment and Greening 

Technologies to Remove 

Ammoniacal Nitrogen and 

Chemical Oxygen Demand (“COD“)

The Concept of River-Basin Restoration Project    流域治理項目概念圖


18

Our Sustainable Business

我們的可持續業務

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Raw Water Protection

原水保護

Zhejiang Tongxiang Project    浙江桐鄉項目

During the Reporting Period, the Group expanded its business to raw water protection. Amid the 

challenge of water scarcity, the Group is committed to optimising water sources and protecting precious 

ecological wetlands and drinking water resources.

報告期內，本集團將業務拓展至原水保護領域。面對水資源日趨缺乏的挑戰，本集團致力優化取水水

源，保護珍貴的生態濕地與飲用水資源。

During the Reporting Period, the Group expanded into a new business area by securing its first source 

water and wetland protection project, which is also the Group’s first environmental water project 

in Zhejiang Province. The project involves the investment, construction and operation of ecological 

wetlands, water intake pumping stations and raw water pipelines, covering a total construction area 

of approximately 5,400 mu. Upon completion of construction and commencement of operation, the 

project will effectively improve the quality of water supply in Tongxiang City, optimise water sources and 

strengthen the resilience of local water treatment plants.

報告期內，本集團成功拓展新業務領域，取得首個水源與濕地保護項目，同時也是本集團在浙江省的

首個環保水務項目。該項目涉及投資、建設和運營生態濕地工程、新建取水泵站及新建原水管線工程，

工程佔地約5,400畝。項目建成投運後，將有效提升桐鄉市供水水質，優化取水水源，增強當地水廠的

抗風險能力。

River-Basin Restoration

流域治理

Nanning Shuitang River Integrated Restoration PPP Project    南寧水塘江綜合整治工程PPP項目

Nanning Shuitang River Integrated Restoration PPP Project was the Group’s key water environment 

management project under construction during the year under review. The project was the first 

environmental water project secured by the Group in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region with a total 

investment of approximately RMB1.5 billion. Through river channel improvement, river interception, river 

ecological restoration, sponge city construction, environmental and landscape improvement, information 

engineering as well as the construction and operation of waste water treatment plants, the project aims 

to improve the overall quality of water ecology and environment of Nanning Shuitang River Basin.

南寧水塘江綜合整治工程PPP項目為回顧年度內本集團重點建設的水環境綜合治理項目，總投資額

約人民幣15億元，為本集團首個位於廣西壯族自治區的環保水務項目。該項目透過河道改善、河道截

污、河道生態恢復、海綿城市建設、環境景觀改善及信息化工程和污水處理廠建設及運營，改善水塘

江流域整體的水生態環境質量。


19

Our Sustainable Business

我們的可持續業務

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

For details of the Group’s businesses and prospects, please 

refer to the Annual Report 2019.

Technological R&amp;D

技術研發

Everbright Water adheres to the “Innovation-Driven Development” ethos and strives to develop new 

featured technologies. During the Reporting Period, the Group continuously focused on technological 

R&amp;D and acquisition of technologies in the areas such as advanced waste water treatment, water 

environment management and sludge treatment and disposal. It also developed new technologies and 

products, such as membrane aerated biofilm reactor (“MABR”), accurate dosing and aeration, and 

new ozone catalysts to meet the market demands. Over 40 in-house technological processes, such as 

accurate dosing, biological aeration tank, low-temperature sludge drying technology, have been adopted 

by the Group’s projects to ensure stable operation and compliance with relevant discharge standards.

光大水務堅持「創新引領發展」，致力打造具有特色的新技術。報告期內，本集團繼續於污水深度處

理、水環境治理、污泥處理處置等領域進行技術研發和引進，打造曝氣膜生物反應器（「MABR」）、精

確加藥、精確曝氣、新型臭氧催化劑等市場極需的新技術和產品。研發技術成果轉化方面，精確加藥、

曝氣生物濾池、污泥低溫乾化等40多個自主工藝包已應用於本集團旗下多個項目，確保項目的穩定運

行和達標排放。

有關本集團業務和展望的詳情，請參閱二零

一九年度報告。


China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司



20

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治















We foster ALL-WIN SITUATION IN ECONOMIC, 

SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL ASPECTS 

by building up green operation concept and 

practising green management

構建綠色經營理念、踐行綠色管理， 

取得經濟、社會與環境的共贏局面


21

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

加

強企業管治和風險管理是確保本集

團高效、健康和可持續企業發展的基

礎。本集團通過制定規章制度、強化

內部控制及風險防範與管理，以及適時、公開

及全面的信息披露，致力為持份者創造長遠

價值，使本集團得以建立可持續的未來。

可持續發展管治架構 

本集團建立了可持續發展管治架構，明確了

在董事會監督下各董事會轄屬委員會（「董事

會委員會」）、部門以及項目公司的職責，以確

保將可持續發展願景及使命融入本集團的運

營。

S

trengthening corporate governance and risk 

management are fundamental in ensuring an effective, 

healthy and sustainable corporate development of the 

Group. Through establishing policies, strengthening internal 

controls, preventing and managing risks, and making timely, 

transparent and comprehensive information disclosure, 

the Group is devoted to creating long-term value to the 

stakeholders and building a sustainable future.

Corporate Governance Structure for Sustainable 

Development

The Group has established a sustainable corporate governance 

structure. To ensure that the visions and missions of 

sustainable development are integrated in its operations, 

the Group’s corporate governance structure stipulates the 

responsibilities of the committees of the Board (the “Board 

Committees”), departments and project companies, under 

the supervision of the Board.

Top-level governance body

最高管治機構

The Board

董事會

Responsible for identifying the key stakeholder groups, considering the 

sustainability issues as part of the Group’s strategic formulation and assuming 

responsibility for corporate governance, etc.

負責識別關鍵的持份者群體，在制定本集團戰略時考慮可持續性問題，承擔企業

管治的責任等。

Board Committee level

董事會委員會層面

Strategy Committee

戰略委員會

Management Committee

管理委員會

Responsible for assisting the Board 

in providing strategic directions 

to the Group, and overseeing the 

implementation and management of 

the ESG factors that are material to the 

business of the Group.

負責協助董事會制定本集團的戰略方

向，監督對本集團業務有重大影響的環

境、社會及管治因素的實行和管理。

Responsible for the decision-making 

and management of significant topics 

in relation to the Group’s social 

responsibility.

負責與本集團社會責任相關之重大議

題的決策和管理。


22

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

除了得到總部各職能部門之輔助外，為持續

提升董事們在領導可持續發展工作方面的能

力，本集團定期邀請外部顧問為董事提供熱門

課題（如最新法規、經濟、環境、社會事務）的

培訓及資料。董事會還定期檢視本集團的可持

續發展議題，並審閱及審批可持續發展報告。

Functional departments at 

headquarter level

總部職能部門層面

Operations Management Department/Safety and Environment 

Management Department/Legal &amp; Risk Management Department

運營管理部╱安全與環境管理部╱法律及風險管理部

Responsible for overseeing the sustainability performance of the Group and each 

of its project companies.

負責監督本集團以及每個項目公司的可持續發展績效。

Project level

項目層面

Safety and Environment Management Department/Specialist

安全與環境管理部╱專員

Safety and Environment Management Department/specialist is established/

appointed in all projects under construction and in operation, responsible for 

implementing the sustainable development plans and monitoring the sustainability 

performance of the projects.

所有在建及運營項目均設有╱委任安全與環境管理部╱專員，負責落實可持續

發展計劃及監督項目的可持續發展表現。

In addition to the support from the functional departments 

at headquarter, the Group invites external consultants to 

provide regular trainings to the Directors and share with 

them the latest information on trending issues (e.g. regulatory 

updates, economic, environmental and social issues), with a 

view to continuously enhancing the Directors’ leadership in 

sustainable development practices. The Board also reviews 

issues related to the Group’s sustainable development 

regularly, and reviews and approves the sustainability report.


23

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

ESHS管理

隨著中國環保行業政策及監管框架日趨嚴格，

本集團深信維持穩定和良好的企業運營管理

是作為水環境綜合治理環保企業的重要職責。

為進一步加強制度要求和運營實踐的有效結

合，完善環境與社會管理流程，確保本集團承

擔產品和服務的健康安全責任，本集團於二

零一六年起全面實施環境、安全、健康及社

會責任（「ESHS」）管理體系（「ESHS管理體

系」）。該體系包括環境管理、安全生產管理、

職業健康管理、社會責任管理四個部分，引進

國際、國內完善的環境、安全、職業健康、社

會責任管理體系和經驗，以嚴格遵守關於環

境保護、安全生產、職業健康與社會責任的法

規。該制度不僅促進本集團內部的可持續發

展，更將可持續的環境發展與安全文化和政

策延伸到本集團的供應鏈中。報告期內，本集

團繼續推動ESHS管理體系在本集團層面與所

有項目公司內的實施，實現項目投資、建設及

運營過程中各環節的規範化管理，優化本集

團的環境和社會績效。

本集團亦積極按照世界銀行集團《環境、健康

和安全指南》等國際認可的標準評估其環境

及社會表現，並自二零一六年起定期向國際金

融公司（「IFC」）提交監測報告。監測報告的範

圍涵蓋本集團的所有項目，包括籌建項目、在

建項目、建成完工項目及運營項目。

ESHS Management

Following the increasingly stringent environmental policies 

and regulatory framework in China, the Group believes 

that maintaining stable and good operations management 

is an important responsibility as a water environment 

management company. With the aim of integrating policies 

and requirements into the operational practices, improving 

the entire environmental and social management process, 

as well as ensuring that the Group undertakes the health and 

safety responsibility relating to its products and services, the 

Group has implemented the Environment, Safety, Health and 

Social Responsibility (“ESHS”) Management System (“ESHS 

Management System”) since 2016. The system includes four 

sections, namely environmental management, safe production 

management, occupational health management, and social 

responsibility management. The Group has introduced well-

established international and local environmental, safety, 

occupational health and social responsibility management 

systems and experiences, in order to strictly comply with 

laws and regulations related to environmental protection, 

safe production, occupational health and social responsibility.

Implementation of the system not only promotes sustainable 

development within the Group, but also extends its 

environmental sustainability and safety culture and policies 

to the supply chain. During the Reporting Period, the Group 

continued enhancing the implementation of the ESHS 

Management System at corporate level and across all project 

companies, standardise the management of all aspects 

throughout project investment, construction and operation, so 

as to optimise the environmental and social performance of 

the Group.

The Group has also been actively evaluating its environmental 

and social performance against internationally recognised 

standards, including the World Bank Group’s Environmental, 

Health, and Safety Guidelines, and has been regularly 

submitting monitoring reports to International Finance 

Corporation (“IFC”) since 2016. Such monitoring reports cover 

all projects of the Group, including projects in the preparatory 

stage, projects under construction, projects that completed 

construction and projects in operation.


24

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

營商原則

本集團制定了審慎的政策和措施，推廣及維

持誠信文化。本集團的《行為守則》為員工的

行為提供清晰指引，包括平等機會、反歧視、

防止賄賂、防止勒索、反欺詐及反洗錢，以及

保障員工待遇和福利等議題。本集團要求所

有員工嚴格遵守該守則，並在業務運作中秉

承誠信與務實的管理方針並堅持道德操守。

防止貪腐及反競爭行為 

為加強反貪實踐與員工對利益衝突及誠信事

宜的警覺性，本集團於回顧年度內為員工提供

了防止貪腐的培訓。本集團積極增進誠信文

化，在各業務層面一直貫徹反貪腐的管治，致

力減低貪腐風險。

保護第三方私隱及知識產權 

本集團矢志保護第三方的個人私隱。本集團的

《私隱政策》清楚列明員工及供應商在處理

第三方私隱及資料時的範圍、標準及程序。此

外，該政策亦包含了防止侵犯版權的條款，務

求各方尊重知識產權。本集團亦要求員工遵

守有關收集、管有、處理、披露及使用個人資

料的適用法律規定。

舉報政策

本集團設立了接收舉報的電子郵箱和提供當

地語言的專線電話，旨在提供正式舉報渠道，

讓員工可以直接聯繫審計委員會主席。舉報

人也可通過本公司總裁（「總裁」）的電子郵

箱（已在本公司網站上公佈）直接和他取得聯

繫。員工可在保密情況下舉報與本集團有關

的任何不當、失職及違規行為。被提出的所有

關注事項或違規行為都將被視為保密信息，

本集團將確保妥善安排公平獨立的調查並作

出適當跟進。

Business Principles

The Group has formulated prudent policies and measures 

to promote and maintain integrity. The Group’s Code of 

Conduct provides clear guidelines for employees’ behaviours, 

including issues such as equal opportunity, anti-discrimination, 

prevention of bribery, prevention of extortion, anti-fraud and 

anti-money laundering, and safeguarding employees’ benefits 

and welfare. The Group requires all employees to strictly 

comply with the Code of Conduct, adhere to the honest and 

pragmatic management guidelines, and uphold ethics in 

business operations.

Anti-Corruption and Prevention of Anti-Competitive 

Behaviour

To strengthen the anti-corruption practice and enhance 

employees’ awareness of conflicts of interest and integrity 

issues, the Group provided employees with trainings on anti-

corruption during the year under review. Striving to reduce 

the risk on corruption, the Group has actively strengthened 

the culture of integrity and consistently incorporated anti-

corruption in its governance at all business levels.

Protection of Third-Party Privacy and Intellectual 

Property

The Group is devoted to protecting the privacy of third-parties. 

The Privacy Policy of the Group sets out the scope, standards, 

and procedures for employees and suppliers to handle 

privacy and information of third-parties. In addition, the Group 

requires all parties to respect intellectual property rights by 

including the anti-copyright infringement terms in the policy. Its 

employees are also required to comply with the relevant legal 

requirements related to collecting, possessing, processing, 

disclosing and using the personal data.

Policy for Whistleblowing

An email address and a dedicated telephone number that 

is available in local languages are established to provide 

employees with an official whistleblowing channel to contact 

the chairman of the Audit Committee directly. Whistle-blowers 

are also able to contact the chief executive officer of the 

Company (the “CEO”) directly through the CEO’s email address 

which is available on the Company’s website. Employees 

can report any misconduct, malpractice and irregularities in 

relation to the Group in strict confidentiality. All concerns or 

irregularities raised will be treated as confidential information 

and all efforts will be made to ensure that impartial and 

independent investigation is carried out and appropriate 

follow-up action is taken.


25

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

風險管理

本集團高度重視風險管理，積極建立系統、規

範、高效的風險管理體系和內部監控系統，保

障內部控制的不斷完善與進步。

本集團建立了高效的風險管理架構，並透過

項目公司、總部各職能部門、法律及風險管理

部和內審部的三道風險控制防線，致力從源

頭防範風險。本集團亦設立了風險評審委員

會、工程技術委員會等專項委員會，強化了對

於重點事項的專業審計及有效推進。

此外，本集團堅持每年進行風險評估，以對本

集團面臨的各類風險進行識別及管控。另外，

作為與水循環密切相關的環境從業者，本集

團深知氣候變化可能對業務構成重大風險。

因此，本集團致力在所有業務層面識別相關

的氣候變化風險與機遇（其中包括極端天氣、

政策改變、環境合規、科技與創新等範疇），

並會定期作出檢視與更新。本集團承諾以行

動減緩、適應及抗禦氣候變化對業務所帶來

的負面影響。

Risk Management

The Group attaches great importance to risk management and 

has actively established systematic, standardised and efficient 

Risk Management System as well as an internal monitoring 

system to guarantee the continuous improvement and 

advancement on internal controls.

The Group has established an efficient risk management 

structure. It is devoted to preventing risks at source through 

establishing a three-tier risk control mechanism comprising 

project companies, functional departments at the headquarter, 

the Legal &amp; Risk Management Department and the Internal 

Audit Department. The Group has also set up special 

committees such as the Risk Assessment Committee and the 

Engineering and Technology Committee, to strengthen the 

specialised review and effectiveness of the progress on critical 

issues.

In addition, the Group makes unremitting efforts to carry 

out annual risk assessments to identify, control and regulate 

various types of risks faced by the Group. Besides, as an 

environmental enterprise which is closely connected with the 

water cycle, the Group recognises that significant risks may 

be presented to its business arising from the climate change. 

Therefore, the Group is devoted to identifying relevant climate 

change risks and opportunities at all levels of its business, 

which include categories such as extreme weather, changes 

on policies, environmental compliance, technology and 

innovation. Regular reviews and updates are also carried out. 

The Group is committed to mitigating, adapting and combating 

negative impacts brought by climate change to its business.

For the details of risk management and risk evaluation in 2019, please refer to the Annual Report 2019.

有關風險管理及二零一九年風險評估的詳情，請參閱二零一九年度報告。


26

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

供應鏈管理

光大水務一直將供應商視為重要夥伴，並堅

持以公平、開放的方式與各供應商合作。本集

團一向以扶持及促進中國各省、市及自治區

（「省份」）的當地發展為己任，因此，本集團於

全國各地發展業務時，會優先選用位於同省

份的供應商合作。

截至二零一九年十二月三十一日，與本集團

建立合作關係的供應商共有2,188家，其中超

過98%均位於中國內地，主要服務包括設備配

置、安裝與工程建設，其中為同省份的項目公

司提供服務的供應商數目佔整體約70.30%。

本集團的外判服務包括環境監測、設備維修、

清潔、保安和綠化等，共涉及4,358名駐場外判

工人。





Supply Chain Management

Everbright Water always regards suppliers as important 

partners and persists on co-operating with each supplier 

in a fair and transparent approach. The Group is always 

committed to supporting and promoting the local development 

at all provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions 

(the “provinces”) in China. Thus, when the Group develops 

business across the country, preference is given to the 

suppliers in the same province.

As at 31 December 2019, the Group engaged a total of 2,188 

suppliers, over 98% of which were from Mainland China. 

The principal services provided by these suppliers included 

equipment fitting, installation and construction, and the 

number of suppliers which provided services to the project 

companies within the same province is approximately 70.30% 

of the total suppliers. The Group outsourced services such as 

environmental monitoring, equipment maintenance, cleaning, 

security and greenery, involving 4,358 on-site outsourced 

workers.

Number of On-Site Outsourced Workers in 2019

二零一九年駐場外判工人數目

Environmental Monitoring

環境監測

Equipment Maintenance 

設備維修

Cleaning 

清潔

754

3,102

146

Security

保安

Landscaping 

園景

Catering 

餐飲

Others

其他

114

145 

41

56

Total

總數

4,358


27

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

供應商管理準則

本集團持續與供應商進行溝通並致力於讓供

應鏈發揮正面影響。為了識別並降低供應鏈

中的環境與社會風險，光大水務特別制定並

落實一系列供應商管理準則，將環境與社會

管理落實到供應鏈的各個流程內。

本集團的《承包商ESHS管理標準》旨在透過

審視承包商各方面的情況，包括背景、資質、

施工作業及環保表現，藉此識別和控制工作外

包過程中產生的與環境、社會和安全相關的

風險。承包商需要填寫「承包商ESHS問卷調查

表」，提供相關的ESHS資料以協助本集團整理

達標承包商名單，並確保供應商和承包商遵

守環境和社會責任的管理條例和法規，以及

適用國家和地方政府的規定。要求提交的信

息包括承包商是否擁有ISO 14001等國際環境

管理標準認證、是否進行ESHS培訓與考核、是

否為員工提供適當的保護裝備等。

此外，本集團採用的《供應商管理辦法》按照

供應商的專業水平、財務狀況及合規記錄等對

現有供應商進行持續評估，將供應商劃分為

A、B、C、D四個等級，最低等級的供應商若未

能證明能夠達到本集團的要求，本集團或會

終止與其合作。本集團的《招標管理辦法》及

《工程建設採購評審專家庫管理辦法》等相

關制度亦進一步引領業務夥伴提升其可持續

發展表現。

Supplier Management Measures

The Group continuously communicates with suppliers and is 

devoted to exerting a positive influence on the supply chain. 

To identify and minimise the environmental and social risks 

in the supply chain, Everbright Water has formulated and 

implemented a series of supplier management guidelines and 

integrated the environmental and social management into all 

processes of the supply chain.

The Group’s Contractors ESHS Management Measures 

require reviewing the background, qualifications, construction 

operations and environmental performance of the Group’s 

contractors in order to identify and control the relevant 

environmental, social and safety risks derived from the 

contracted work process. Contractors are required to complete 

the “Contractors ESHS Questionnaire“ to provide relevant ESHS 

information to assist the Group in compiling a list of approved 

contractors, and to ensure that suppliers and contractors 

comply with the rules and regulations related to environmental 

and social management, as well as applicable national and 

local regulations. The information required to be submitted 

includes whether the contractor obtains any international 

environmental management system certificates such as 

ISO 14001, conducts ESHS trainings and assessments, and 

provides employees with appropriate protection equipment.

In addition, the Group conducts continuous evaluation on the 

suppliers’ proficiency, financial status and compliance records 

in accordance with the Supplier Management Measures , 

and categorises suppliers into four grades namely A,B,C and 

D. Business relationship may be terminated if the suppliers 

with the lowest grade fail to prove that they are capable of 

fulfilling the Group’s requirements. Also, the Group further 

guides its business partners to enhance their sustainability 

performance through relevant policies and guidelines, 

including Tender Management Measures and Management 

Measures for Appraisal Expert Database of Project Construction 

Procurement.


28

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

《供應商行為準則》以系統性的方式規範供

應商在經濟、環境及社會領域的行為，旨在鼓

勵供應商履行並共同提高供應鏈的可持續發

展表現。該行為準則更鼓勵本集團的供應商

以相同的標準對待他們的從屬供應商，以提

升整體供應鏈的可持續性。所有供應商在與本

集團進行業務往來或參與任何與本集團有關

的活動時都應遵守此準則。本集團亦參照《供

應商行為準則》評估供應商是否存在用工不

當的行為，藉此與供應商共同提高供應鏈的

可持續發展表現。

Furthermore, the Code of Conduct for Suppliers systematically 

regulates suppliers’ economic, environmental and social 

behaviours in an effort to enhance the sustainability 

performance of the supply chain. The Code of Conduct also 

encourages the Group’s suppliers to treat their sub-suppliers 

with the same standards so as to enhance the sustainability of 

the entire supply chain. All suppliers shall comply with the Code 

of Conduct for Suppliers during their course of business with 

the Group or participation in any events related to the Group. 

Meanwhile, the Group, by referring to the Code of Conduct 

for Suppliers, assesses whether suppliers are involved in any 

misconduct, so as to join hands with suppliers to enhance the 

sustainable development performance along the supply chain.

Key Points for the Code of Conduct for Suppliers

供應商行為準則要點

Economic

經濟

The Group requires its suppliers to carry out and operate businesses with 

ethics and integrity. Suppliers are also obliged to comply with relevant local and 

international laws and regulations.

本集團規定供應商進行業務活動時應從道德角度出發，以誠實的態度進行經

營，並遵守當地和國際的相關法律法規。

 

 

Environmental

環境

The Group requires its suppliers to minimise the negative impacts to the 

environment during their operations and strengthen environmental monitoring 

of environmental issues.

本集團要求供應商在其運營中盡量減少對環境的負面影響，加大監控力度，

重視環境問題。

 

 

Social

社會

The Group requires its suppliers to comply with relevant national labour policies 

and legislation, which include prevention of slavery, forced and bonded labour, 

child labour and abusive employment practices. Suppliers are also obliged to 

safeguard human rights of the employees and take due considerations of public 

welfare.

本集團要求供應商遵守國家的有關勞工政策和法規，當中包括避免任何奴役、

強迫勞動、抵押勞工、使用童工及虐待行為，保護員工基本人權，並考慮公眾

社會的福利。

 

 

Management System

管理制度

Suppliers are encouraged to have appropriate supplier management systems to 

foster sustainable development of their sub-suppliers.

本集團鼓勵供應商制定適當的供應商管理體系，以促進其從屬供應商的可持

續發展。


29

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

供應商可持續風險評估

本集團把ESHS管理體系伸延到供應鏈中，並

邀請獨立顧問為本集團的供應商進行可持續

風險評估，深入了解各類型的供應商於ESHS

方面的表現。於二零一九年，本集團邀請了約

50家主要供應商作問卷調查。供應商的業務

涵蓋了電力設備、泵類設備、水處理設備等。

評估的範圍主要包括供應商的生產、經營及

安全方面的資質，以及質量、環境和社會方面

的管理體系等。

本次的可持續風險評估結果反映本集團對其

供應商的ESHS表現的管理取得成效。被評估

的所有供應商均在評估中表示企業沒有正在

進行中的商業訴訟，也未被有關部門就環境

問題作出檢控或罰款。另外，大部分被評估

的供應商均正在申請或已擁有了ISO 9000、

ISO 14001及OHSAS 18001/ISO 45001等國際認

證；53%的受訪供應商制定了職業健康與安全

政策，並為員工提供了相關培訓；所有受訪供

應商均表示在過去三年沒有發生過安全事故。

為了檢視供應商在企業社會責任的實踐與績

效，本集團以評估結果為參考，將供應商的風

險分為低、中、高三個等級。在本次評估中，

63%的受訪供應商屬於低風險，其餘均屬於中

風險，沒有供應商落入高風險的類別。為了協

助較高風險供應商改善其管理，本集團積極

探討情況並提出建議，確保其風險可被有效

控制。在未來，本集團會持續監察供應商的表

現，保持各方的緊密溝通，促進供應鏈的可持

續發展。

Supplier Sustainability Risk Assessment

The Group extends the ESHS Management System along the 

supply chain by commissioning an independent consultant 

to carry out a supplier sustainability risk assessment in order 

to thoroughly understand the ESHS performance of various 

suppliers. In 2019, the Group invited about 50 key suppliers 

to complete questionnaires. Business natures of suppliers 

comprise electrical equipment, pumping equipment, water 

treatment equipment, etc. The scope of the assessment mainly 

includes the qualifications of suppliers in terms of production, 

operation and safety, etc., as well as management systems 

relating to quality, environment and society, etc.

The outcome of the sustainability risk assessment reflected 

the Group’s effectiveness in managing the ESHS performance 

of its suppliers. None of the assessed suppliers indicated 

that they were involved in any ongoing commercial litigation, 

or prosecuted or fined by the relevant authorities on 

environmental and social issues. In addition, majority of the 

suppliers assessed have been applying for or have already 

obtained international certifications for management standards 

such as ISO 9000, ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001/ISO 45001. 53% 

of the surveyed suppliers have established occupational health 

and safety policies, with relevant trainings provided to the 

employees. None of the surveyed suppliers indicated that they 

had any safety accident over the past 3 years.

In order to review the implementation and performance of 

its suppliers on corporate social responsibility, the Group, 

according to the assessment results, categorised suppliers’ 

risks into low, medium, and high levels. In this assessment, 

63% of the surveyed suppliers were classified as low risk while 

the rest were classified as medium risk, and no supplier fell 

into the high-risk category. In order to assist the suppliers with 

higher risks to improve their management, the Group actively 

investigated their situations and provided suggestions, so as to 

ensure their risks could be effectively controlled. In the future, 

the Group will facilitate the sustainable development along the 

supply chain through continuously monitoring the suppliers’ 

performance and maintaining close communication with  

each other.


China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司



30

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與















We closely co-operate with stakeholders and 

MAKE ACCOMPLISHMENTS HAND IN HAND

與持份者緊密合作，攜手共創輝煌


31

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

本

集團透過各類渠道與不同界別的持

份者緊密溝通，主動聆聽他們的需求

及關注，致力維繫與持份者之間的互

信關係及持續達到他們的期望。

主要持份者及參與渠道

光大水務的業務涉及多個持份者組別，包括

投資者╱股東、政府、客戶、業務夥伴╱供應

商、員工、村民╱當地社區、非政府組織（「非

政府組織」）、投資分析員及媒體。持份者的界

定基於以下五個原則：

本集團從項目規劃至運營階段之間，均定期邀

請持份者對本集團的可持續發展發表意見。

通過此種方式，本集團識別所有運營項目中的

優先議題及備受關注的可持續性相關事項，

從而制定有效的發展戰略。

T

he Group maintains constant interaction and close 

communication with its stakeholders through various 

channels in order to proactively understand their needs 

and concerns. The Group is devoted to maintaining mutual trust 

with stakeholders and continuing meeting their expectations.

Key Stakeholders and Channels for Participation

Everbright Water’s business involves various types of 

stakeholders, including investors/shareholders, government, 

customers, business partners/suppliers, employees, villagers/

local communities, non-governmental organisations (“NGOs”), 

investment analysts, and media. The stakeholders are identified 

based on the five principles listed below.

Responsibility

Influential Power

Proximity

Dependency

Representativeness

責任

影響力

鄰近性

倚靠性

代表性

 

 

 

 

 

Stakeholders 

linked to the Group 

through legal, 

financial, operational 

procedures, contracts, 

and/or policies

通過法律、財務、運

營規則、合約及╱或

政策與本集團聯繫的

持份者

Stakeholders with 

formal decision-

making power or 

informal influence on 

the Group

對本集團具有正式決

策權或非正式影響力

的持份者

Stakeholders who 

live closely to the 

Group’s operations 

and whom the Group 

interacts closely with

居於本集團運營廠房

附近及與本集團的日

常運作關係密切的持

份者

Stakeholders who are 

highly dependent on 

the Group’s business 

operations

在很大程度上倚靠

本集團業務運營的

持份者

Stakeholders who are 

representing the sectors 

which are closely 

connected with the 

Group

來自與本集團聯繫最緊密

的業界代表的持份者

From planning until operation stages of the projects, the 

Group invites stakeholders on a regular basis to express 

their views on sustainability of the Group. By this means, the 

Group identifies priority issues within all its operations and 

the associated concerns relevant to sustainability in order to 

formulate effective development strategies.

GRI 102-40

GRI 102-42


32

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Investors/Shareholders

投資者╱股東

Government

政府

Customers

客戶

Annual/ 

special general meeting – 

Annually/as needed

周年╱特別股東大會－

每年╱根據需要

Progress report – 

Weekly/monthly/quarterly

進度報告－

每週╱月╱季度

Meeting – 

As needed

會議－

根據需要

Press release/ 

announcement/circular – 

Regularly/as needed

新聞稿╱公告╱通函－

定期╱根據需要

Site visit – 

Weekly/monthly/quarterly

現場考察－

每週╱月╱季度

Phone/email –

As needed

電話╱電郵聯繫－

根據需要

Results presentation – 

Quarterly/semi-annually

業績公佈－

季度╱半年

Meeting –

Weekly/monthly/quarterly

會議－

每週╱月╱季度

Survey on customer  

satisfaction – 

Annually

客戶滿意度調查－

每年

Interim/annual report – 

Semi-annually/annually

中期╱年度報告－

半年╱每年

WeChat and QQ –

 As needed

微信及QQ －

根據需要

Roadshow – 

Regularly/as needed

路演－

定期╱根據需要

Phone/email – 

Weekly/monthly/quarterly

電話╱電郵聯繫－

每週╱月╱季度

Meeting/teleconference – 

Regularly/as needed/ 

upon request

會議╱電話會議－

定期╱根據需要╱根據需求

Survey on customer 

satisfaction – 

Annually

客戶滿意度調查－

每年

Site visit – 

Regularly/as needed/ 

upon request

現場考察－

定期╱根據需要╱根據需求

GRI 102-43


33

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Business Partners/Suppliers

業務夥伴╱供應商

Employees

員工

Villagers/Local 

Communities

村民╱當地社區

Pre-tender meeting – 

Every tender event

採購招標會－

每次招標活動

Work meeting/

project meeting – 

Regularly

工作會議╱專題會議－

定期

Project visit/site visit – 

Before construction/public open 

day on the first weekend of every 

month/ upon request

項目參觀╱現場考察－

工程施工前╱每月第一個週末之

公眾開放日╱根據需求

Phone interview – 

As needed

電話回訪－

根據需要

Interim/year-end 

performance assessment 

meeting – 

Interim/year-end

年中╱年末表現評估會議－

年中╱年末

Survey – 

Before construction/as needed

意見調查－

工程施工前╱根據需要

Questionnaire – 

Ad hoc

意見調查－

不定期

Everbright publications – 

Monthly

光大刊物－

每月

Public hearing – 

Before construction/as needed

公聽會－

工程施工前╱根據需要

WeChat and QQ – 

As needed

微信及QQ －

根據需要

Charity – 

As needed

公益活動－

根據需要

Charity – 

As needed

公益活動－

根據需要

Face-to-face meeting – 

As requested by employees

當面會談－

根據員工需要

Email – 

Regularly/as needed

電郵聯繫－

定期╱根據需要

Phone meeting – 

As requested by employees

電話會議－

根據員工需要

GRI 102-43


34

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

NGOs

非政府組織

Investment Analysts

投資分析員

Media

媒體

Charity – 

As needed

公益活動－

根據需要

Project visit/site visit – 

As needed/upon request

項目參觀╱現場考察－

根據需要╱根據需求

Project visit/site visit – 

As needed/upon request

項目參觀╱現場考察－

根據需要╱根據需求

Site visit – 

Regularly/as needed

現場考察－

定期╱根據需要

Meeting – 

Quarterly/as needed

會議－

季度╱根據需要

Press release/announcement – 

Regularly/as needed

新聞稿╱公告－

定期╱根據需要

Meeting – 

As needed

會議－

根據需要

Press release/announcement – 

Regularly/as needed

新聞稿╱公告－

定期╱根據需要

Results presentation – 

Release on the Company’s  

website quarterly

業績公佈－

每季度於本公司網站發佈

Results presentation – 

Quarterly/semi-annually

業績公佈－

季度╱半年

Management interview – 

Regularly/as needed/upon request

管理層採訪－

定期╱根據需要╱根據需求

Interim/annual report – 

Semi-annually/annually

中期╱年度報告－

半年╱每年

GRI 102-43


35

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

實質性評估

本集團每年透過獨立可持續發展顧問進行實

質性評估，以全面檢視及修訂本集團的可持

續發展相關議題列表。評估將對從持份者參

與過程中識別出來的議題進行優先排序，確

定本集團及持份者最為關切的環境、社會及

管治議題，從而優化資源分配。評估可以使可

持續發展議題的報告和溝通更具針對性。

二零一九年的評估分為下列四個階段：

Materiality Assessment

With the assistance of an independent sustainability 

consultant, the Group conducts annual materiality assessment 

to comprehensively review and revise the list of relevant 

sustainability issues. The assessment ranks issues identified 

from stakeholder engagement processes based on its priority 

to determine the ESG issues that are most concerned by the 

Group and its stakeholders, resulting in optimised allocation of 

resources. Such assessment also enables the communication 

and reporting on sustainability issues more concisely.

The materiality assessment was conducted in four stages for 

2019 as follows:

Identification of Sustainability Issues

識別可持續發展議題

Everbright Water engaged an independent sustainability consultant to identify 

and review more than 30 sustainability issues that are most relevant to the Group 

(please refer to “List of Sustainability Issues”). These topics were identified from 

extensive sources of information, including the GRI Standards, SDGs, opinions from 

the stakeholders, suggestions of the Board and management personnel, internal 

publications, media information analysis, etc. The purpose was to ensure that the 

identified issues were fully aligned with the business nature of the Group and relevant 

to the findings from the previous stakeholders’ engagement exercises.

光大水務委聘獨立可持續發展顧問全面識別及檢視超過三十項與本集團業務最密切

的可持續發展議題（見「可持續發展議題列表」）。這些議題乃透過廣泛來源所得，包

括GRI準則、SDGs、持份者參與意見、董事會及管理層建議、內部刊物及媒體信息分

析等，以確保識別出來的議題與本集團的業務性質完全一致，並且與以往持份者參

與活動的結果相關。

Collection of Stakeholder Opinions, Establishment of Materiality Matrix

收集持份者意見，繪製實質性矩陣

The independent sustainability consultant carried out a stakeholder survey to obtain 

views from nine stakeholder groups on the priority of material issues identified in 

Stage 1. The findings were then analysed quantitatively by the consultant to form a 

materiality matrix based on two parameters: perceived importance to stakeholders 

and significance to Everbright Water. The top 10 prioritised material issues perceived 

with the highest importance to the stakeholders and the Group are the disclosure 

focuses of the Report.

獨立可持續發展顧問對九個重點持份者組別進行持份者參與調查，依據調查結果為

第一階段識別出的可持續發展議題作優先排序。顧問隨即根據持份者對議題的重要

性評分和議題對光大水務的重要性這兩個參數，對這些議題的實質性作量化分析，

並將分析結果以矩陣形式表達。首十個對持份者和本集團而言最為重要的議題即為

本年度最重大的實質性議題，將於本報告重點披露。

Stage

第一階段1

Stage

第二階段2


36

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Verification of Material Issues and Data Analysis

驗證實質性議題及數據分析

The top 10 prioritised material topics and boundaries were verified by the Board to 

ensure the reasonableness, balance and completeness of the Report. Subsequently, 

the independent sustainability consultant reframed the material topics into the GRI 

Standards for reporting purpose. The established systematic data collection and 

monitoring mechanisms managed by the specialists in the Group’s Operations 

Management Department to ensure that all project companies provide accurate 

sustainability data for comprehensive disclosure on a regular basis.

董事會對這十個經優先排序的實質性議題及其邊界作驗證，以確保本報告的合理性、

平衡性及完整性。隨後，獨立可持續發展顧問將實質性議題轉換為GRI準則，方便報

告之用。本集團運營管理部的專員透過系統式的數據收集和監測機制，確保所有項

目公司定期提供準確、全面的可持續發展數據。

Materiality Review

檢視實質性

Prior to the preparation of the Report, the Group reviewed the material topics and 

disclosure in the previous sustainability reports and collected the stakeholders’ 

opinions on Everbright Water’s sustainability performance in 2019 through stakeholder 

survey. The materiality review engages stakeholders in the sustainable development 

management and disclosure process comprehensively, and is beneficial to the Group 

in accomplishing long-term sustainable development goals.

在準備本報告之前，本集團對過往可持續報告的實質性議題和披露工作進行了回顧

及審閱，並通過持份者參與調查收集持份者對光大水務於二零一九年可持續發展表

現的意見。實質性檢視有助持份者更全面地參與可持續發展的管理和披露過程，同

時有利於本集團實踐長遠的可持續發展目標。

Stage

第三階段3

Stage

第四階段4


37

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

實質性矩陣

本集團的實質性評估結果如以下矩陣圖所示，

十個經優先排序後的實質性議題已被轉換成

GRI準則。

List of Sustainability Issues

可持續發展議題列表

Economic 經濟

Environmental 環境

Social 社會

 Economic Performance

 

經濟績效

 Market Presence

 

市場地位

 Indirect Economic Impacts

 

間接經濟影響

 Procurement Practices

 

採購行為

 Anti-Corruption

 

反貪腐

 Anti-Competitive 

Behaviour

 

反競爭行為

 Technological R&amp;D

 

技術研發

 Materials Usage

 

物料使用

 Energy Efficiency

 

能源效益

 Water Resources 

Consumption

 

水資源消耗

 Greenhouse Gas 

Management and Climate 

Change Mitigation

 

溫室氣體管理及 

氣候變化的應對

 Waste Water Management

 

污水治理

 Waste Management

 

廢物管理

 Biodiversity

 

生物多樣性

 Environmental Compliance

 

環保合規

 Suppliers’ Environmental 

Assessment

 

供應商環境評估

 Construction Management

 

工程施工管理

 Environmental Education

 

環保教育

 Employee Welfare

 

員工福利

 Occupational Health  

and Safety

 

職業健康與安全

 Employee Training

 

員工培訓

 Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity

 

多元化及平等機會

 Internal Communication

 

內部溝通

 Child Labour and Forced 

Labour

 

童工與強制勞工

 Rights of Indigenous 

Peoples

 

原住民權利

 Poverty Alleviation

 

扶貧

 Social Assessment of 

Suppliers

 

供應商社會評估

 Health and Safety of 

Communities

 

社區健康及安全

 Third-Party Privacy

 

第三方私隱

 Disaster and Emergency 

Planning and Response

 

災難及應急預案規劃

 Participation of 

Community

 

社區參與

 Social Compliance

 

社會合規

Materiality Matrix

The result of the materiality assessment is shown in the matrix 

below, and the 10 prioritised material issues are converted into 

the GRI Standards.













Importance to Stakeholders 對持份者的重要性

Signifcance of Economic, Environmental and Social Impacts 對經濟、環境和社會影響的顯著性

4

2

9

8

6

5

3

10

7

1

















































































GRI 102-44

GRI 102-46

GRI 102-47

GRI 102-49


38

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Material Topics

實質性議題

Impacts and Boundaries

影響及範圍

GRI Topic-Specific 

Standards

GRI特定主題準則

Relevant SDGs

相關的

可持續發展目標

 

 

 

 

 

 

Investors/

Shareholders

投資者╱股東

Employees

員工

Government

政府

Villagers/

Local 

Communities

村民╱

當地社區

Customers

客戶

Business 

Partners/

Suppliers

業務夥伴╱

供應商

Investment 

Analysts

投資分析員

Media

媒體

Non-

Governmental 

Organisations

非政府組織

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1

Environmental Compliance

環保合規

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

GRI 307 Environmental 

Compliance

有關環境保護的法規遵循

2

Occupational Health and Safety

職業健康與安全

3

3

3

3

3

GRI 403 Occupational 

Health and Safety

職業安全衛生

3

Waste Water Management

污水治理

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

GRI 306 Effluents and 

Waste

廢污水和廢棄物

4

Waste Management

廢物管理

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

GRI 306 Effluents and 

Waste

廢污水和廢棄物

5

Child Labour and Forced 

Labour

童工及強制勞動

3

3

3

3

GRI 408 Child Labor 

童工

GRI 409 Forced or 

Compulsory Labor

強迫或強制勞動

6

Anti-Corruption

反貪腐

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

GRI 205 Anti-Corruption

反貪腐

7

Economic Performance

經濟績效

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

GRI 201 Economic 

Performance

經濟績效

8

Rights of Indigenous Peoples

原住民權利

3

3

3

3

3

GRI 411 Rights of 

Indigenous Peoples

原住民權利

9

Materials Usage

物料使用

3

3

3

3

3

3

GRI 301 Materials

物料

10

Poverty Alleviation

扶貧

3

3

3

3

N/A

不適用

GRI 102-44

GRI 102-46

GRI 102-47

GRI 102-49


39

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

持份者聲音

Voice of Stakeholders

Government

政府

Zibo Waste Water Treatment Project provided tremendous support and 

commitment to the livelihood in Zibo City.

淄博污水處理項目對淄博市民生發展提供了巨大支持和保障。

Business Partners/Suppliers

商業夥伴╱供應商

Everbright Water accelerated its project developments in all regions, supported 

the environmental industry, and contributed significantly to the society.

光大水務加快了在所有區域的項目發展，支持環境產業，並付出更多的努力為

社會服務。

Employees

員工

The Company’s business has been continuously expanding, employment relation 

is amiable and harmonious, and communication across all levels is smooth and 

effective.

本公司業務不斷擴大，員工關係和諧，公司上下保持溝通順暢有效。



Average stakeholders’ rating for the 

sustainable development performance of 

Everbright Water in 2019: 

持份者對光大水務二零一九年 

可持續發展表現的平均評分：

9.4 

(out of 10)

（10分為滿分）

Average stakeholders’ rating for the  

Sustainability Report 2018 of Everbright Water:

持份者對光大水務二零一八年 

可持續發展報告的平均評分：

9.1

(out of 10)

（10分為滿分）

Is the engagement of  

Everbright Water with  

its stakeholders adequate?

光大水務與持份者的

聯繫是否足夠？

100%
























China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司



40

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

We protect LUSH MOUNTAINS AND LUCID WATER, 

and devote to implementing green commitments

保護青山綠水，致力實踐綠色承諾


41

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

作

為一家以水環境綜合治理業務為主

業的環保企業，光大水務在提供優質

水環境綜合治理方案的同時，致力提

升項目運營中環保績效的標準，堅持從環保、

合規的角度為本集團勾畫可持續發展藍圖。在

科技方面，光大水務堅持「創新引領發展」，已

逐漸形成水務行業全產業鏈佈局，堅守「達標

排放」的底線，並建立全面的管理體系將有害

污染物對水體和陸上生態的污染降到最低。

環境管理方針

隨著中國環保行業政策及監管框架日趨嚴格，

本集團深信維持穩建和良好的企業運營管理

是作為水環境綜合治理環保企業的重要職責。

政策及體系

經資深管理團隊的帶領，本集團保持「品質

第一、效益優先、規模助力」的可持續經營模

式，嚴格遵守本集團的環境管理企業政策。

A

s an environmental protection company focusing 

on water environment management, Everbright 

Water is committed to improving the standards 

of environmental performance in project operations while 

providing high-quality water environment management 

solutions. The Group persistently develops the sustainable 

development plan from the perspectives of environmental 

protection and compliance. In terms of technology, Everbright 

Water upholds the development philosophy of “Innovation-

Driven Development”, and gradually forms a full-service 

business chain in the water industry. The Group firmly defends 

the bottomline of “compliance with discharge standards” by 

establishing a comprehensive management system that can 

minimise the impact of harmful pollutants on the aquatic and 

terrestrial ecosystems.

Environmental Management Approach

Following the increasingly stringent environmental policies 

and regulatory framework in China, the Group believes that 

maintaining robust and good operations management is an 

important responsibility as a water environment management 

company.

Policy and System

With the full support and guidance of the experienced 

management team, the Group follows the sustainable 

operation model of “Taking Quality as the Top Mission and 

Keeping Efficiency as the Priority with Support by Scale” and 

strictly enforces the corporate policies on environmental 

management formulated by the Group.


42

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

環境管理企業政策

該等政策為本集團細化落實環境管理提供了

重要綱領，爭取最大程度降低本集團對環境

及自然資源可能造成的負擔。政策亦對本集

團運營中所涉的環境影響提供詳細指引。

政策的六大核心：

 

此外，本集團透過ESHS管理體系、風險管理

體系及「智慧水務」信息管理體系，對其環境

和社會影響進行規範化的管理，達致運營專

業化、標準化、數量化和信息化。本集團特別

制定並落實了《承包商ESHS管理標準》，旨在

透過審視承包商各方面的情況，包括背景、資

質、施工作業及環保表現等，以識別和控制與

環境、社會和安全相關的風險。

Corporate Policies on Environmental Management

The policies set out important principles for the Group to 

implement environmental management and to minimise the 

burden that the Group may cause on the environment and 

natural resources. They also provide detailed guidance on the 

environmental impacts involved in the operation of the Group.

Six key areas of the policies:

Compliance

合規

Risk management 

and due diligence

風險管理和 

盡職調查

Environmental 

protection

環境保護

Health and safety

健康和安全

Supply chain 

management

供應商管理

Monitoring and 

communication

監測和溝通

Six key environmental guidelines of the policies

政策提出的六大環境指引

Air and GHG 

emissions

廢氣及溫室氣體 

排放

Discharges into 

water and land

向水及土地的 

排污

Generation 

and disposal of 

hazardous and non-

hazardous waste

有害及無害 

廢棄物的產生 

及處置方法

Energy

能源

Water resources

水資源

Raw materials

原材料使用

In addition, the Group implemented advanced management 

systems such as ESHS Management System, Risk Management 

System and “Intelligent Water” Information Management 

System to standardise the management of its environmental 

and social impacts. This is to achieve a more professional, 

standardised, quantified and informative operations 

management. The Group has specifically formulated and 

implemented the Contractors ESHS Management Measures. 

Such measures require the Group to review the contractors 

in different aspects, including their background, qualifications, 

construction operations and environmental performance, in 

order to identify and control risks relating to environment, 

society and safety.


43

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

本集團亦積極按照世界銀行集團《環境、健康

和安全指南》等國際認可的標準評估其環境

及社會表現，並自二零一六年起定期向IFC提

交監測報告。監測報告的範圍涵蓋本集團的

所有項目，包括籌建項目、在建項目、建成完

工項目及運營項目。本集團旗下所有項目均

已獲得或正在積極申請各類相關體系管理證

書，包括ISO 9001質量管理體系、ISO 14001環

境管理體系及OHSAS 18001/ISO 45001職業健

康安全管理體系。

責任與分工

為了高效落實本集團的《環境管理政策》，本

集團成立了安全與環境管理部，建立更健全的

環境管理長效機制。此外，本集團實施總部－

區域－項目的管理模式，在二零一六年設立了

魯東、魯西、江蘇和遼寧四大區域管理中心。

於二零一九年，本集團在區域和項目公司層

面也設置了安全與環境管理機構。這一管理

模式針對不同地區的項目特點有效調動企業

資源，並通過區域交流發揮協同效應，提高環

境管理效率。該模式亦明確了責任與分工，使

本集團整體的責任意識和防範風險的能力得

到提升。

The Group has also been actively evaluating its environmental 

and social performance against internationally recognised 

standards, including the World Bank Group’s Environmental, 

Health, and Safety Guidelines and has been regularly 

submitting monitoring reports to IFC since 2016. The 

monitoring reports cover all projects of the Group, including 

projects in the preparatory stage, projects under construction, 

projects that completed construction and projects in operation. 

All of the Group’s projects have obtained or are actively 

applying for international management standard certificates, 

including ISO 9001 Quality Management System, ISO 14001 

Environmental Management System, and OHSAS 18001/ISO 

45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System.

Responsibilities and Division of Labour

To efficiently implement the Group’s Environmental 

Management Policy and to develop a more robust long-

term environmental management mechanism, the Group 

established the Safety and Environmental Management 

Department. Moreover, the Group adopted the Headquarter-

Regional Management Centres-Projects management 

approach and set up four regional management centres in 

Eastern Shandong, Western Shandong, Jiangsu, and Liaoning 

respectively in 2016. In 2019, the Group set up safety and 

environment management organisations at the regional 

and project company levels. This approach is to flexibly 

deploy resources to suit different projects’ needs, foster 

regional communications and exchanges, create synergies 

and enhance environmental management efficiency. The 

management approach clarifies the responsibilities and 

division of labour, which improves the overall sense of 

responsibility and risk prevention ability of the Group.


44

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

附註： 僅運營項目由區域管理中心管理，籌建或在建

項目由本集團的工程中心管理。因位於浙江省

的項目為籌建項目而位於廣西壯族自治區的

項目為在建項目， 此地圖並不包括該等地區。

環境披露

本集團致力為公眾披露具透明度、可靠性及一

致性的項目運營環境信息，如環評批覆、年度

環境監測計劃、突發環境事件應急預案等。該

等信息也被上載到本集團網站供公眾查閱，

主動接受社會及公眾的監督，以顯示本集團

全面履行環境及社會責任的決心。

Shandong Province

山東省

Hubei Province

湖北省

Inner Mongolia 

Autonomous 

Region

內蒙古自治區

Shandong Province

山東省

Beijing Municipality

北京市

Shaanxi Province

陜西省

Henan Province

河南省

Jiangsu Province

江蘇省

Liaoning Province

遼寧省

Four Regional

Management

Centres

四大區域管理中心

Respective Regions

under Management

轄屬的地區

Headquarter 

總部

Eastern Shandong

魯東

Western Shandong

魯西

Jiangsu

江蘇

Liaoning

遼寧

Projects 項目

Note: 

Only projects in operation are managed by the Regional 

Management Centres while projects in preparatory stage or 

under construction are managed by the Construction Centre of 

the Group. Since the project located in Zhejiang Province is in 

preparatory stage and the project located in Guangxi Zhuang 

Autonomous Region is under construction, these regions are not 

included in the map.

Environmental Disclosures

The Group strives to provide the public with transparent, 

reliable and comprehensive environmental information 

associated with its project operations, such as environmental 

impact assessment approvals, annual environmental 

monitoring plans, environmental emergency preparedness 

and response plans, etc. The Group uploads such information 

to its corporate website for public scrutiny, demonstrating 

its determination to undertake environmental and social 

responsibilities.


45

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

環境表現

中國用水需求不斷增長，水資源短缺問題愈

發嚴重。作為中國領先的水環境綜合治理企

業，本集團深明環境管理工作的重要性、緊迫

性和艱巨性。本集團採用合適的污水處理工

藝，在水體回流至大自然之前，精準地去除對

環境與人類健康構成傷害的物質，以確保本

集團遵守適用的排放標準。報告期內，本集團

無任何與環境保護相關並對本集團有重大影

響的已確認違規事件。根據業務性質，本集團

依據以下七個範疇報告其環境表現：

Environmental Performance

The demand for water has been increasing continuously in 

China and this intensifies the problem of water shortage. As a 

leading water environment management enterprise in China, 

the Group recognises the importance, urgency and challenges 

of environmental management. To ensure compliance with 

the applicable discharge standards, the Group adopts suitable 

waste water treatment processes to precisely remove 

components harmful to the environment and human health 

before the water is returned to nature. During the Reporting 

Period, there was no confirmed case of non-compliance 

in relation to environmental protection that would have a 

significant impact on the Group. In view of the Group’s diverse 

business nature, its environmental performance is reported 

under the following seven aspects:

































Waste Water Treatment and 

Discharge Monitoring

污水處理與出水監測

Odour Control

氣味控制

Sludge Treatment

污泥處理

Waste Management

廢物管理

































Climate Resilience

氣候變化的抗禦能力

Energy and 

Material Usage

能源及物料使用

Utilisation of 

Water Resources

水資源使用


46

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

污水處理與出水監測

通過遍佈全國的項目公司分佈網絡，利用市

政及工業污水處理、中水回用等一系列水環

境綜合治理服務，本集團持續提升中國水體

狀況及其衛生標準，大幅度降低污水排放造

成的環境損害，保障公眾的健康和福祉。

山東濟南污水處理項目（一廠）四期擴建及

（二廠）三期擴建

濟南污水處理項目設計日處理污水總規模為

75萬立方米，是國內首個省會城市全部執行

國家一級A排放標準的項目，亦是「國家市政

金杯示範工程」，並連續兩年獲中國住房和城

鄉建設部組織的全國36個大中城市污水處理

項目評比第一名。

於二零一八年，本集團對濟南污水處理項目

一廠、二廠共進行設計污水處理規模20萬立方

米╱日的擴建，兩部分擴建工程的污水處理

主體工藝均採用預處理 + 厭氧 – 缺氧 – 好氧

法（「A2O」）工藝 + 膜生物反應器（「MBR」）

+ 紫外線消毒，並於二零一九年一月投入運

營。A2O + MBR工藝有助去除有機污染物和氮

污染物，因而改善項目的出水水質。

Waste Water Treatment and Discharge Monitoring

Through the network of its project companies across the 

country and a series of water environment treatment services 

including municipal and industrial waste water treatment 

and reusable water, the Group continues improving the 

environmental and hygiene conditions of water bodies in 

China. The projects greatly minimise the environmental 

damage caused by waste water discharge, and protect the 

health and well-being of the public.

Shandong Ji’nan Waste Water Treatment Project (Plant 

1) Phase 4 Expansion &amp; (Plant 2) Phase 3 Expansion

Ji’nan Waste Water Treatment Project has a daily designed 

waste water treatment capacity of 750,000 m3, and is the first 

project in a provincial capital in China that fully complies with 

the national Grade 1A standard for its discharged water. As a 

“National Municipal Golden Cup Demonstration Project”, it was 

top-ranked for two consecutive years in a contest on municipal 

waste water treatment projects among 36 medium- and large-

sized cities, which was launched by the Ministry of Housing and 

Urban-Rural Development of the PRC.

In 2018, the Group commenced construction of expansion 

projects with an aggregate daily designed waste water 

treatment capacity of 200,000 m3 to plants 1 &amp; 2 under 

the Ji’nan Waste Water Treatment Project. The waste water 

treatment processes adopted by these two expansion projects 

include pre-treatment, anaerobic-anoxic-aerobic (“A2O”) 

process, membrane bioreactor (“MBR”) and UV disinfection, 

and these expansion projects commenced operations in 

January 2019. The A2O plus MBR process is useful to remove 

organic and nitrogenous pollutants, hence improving the 

effluent quality.


47

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

擴建項目的主要工藝流程 

本集團為其污水處理項目採用嚴格的出水標

準。通過持續的提標改造工程，在符合當地政

府批准的環境影響評估報告中所有相關要求(1)

的基礎上，大部分項目的出水水質更達到《城

鎮污水處理廠污染物排放標準》(GB18918-

2002)的一級A標準。

附註：

(1) 

受相關國家規例及標準規管的出水指標主要包

括COD、生物需氧量、懸浮物、動植物油、總氮、

氨氮、總磷、酸鹼值、色度、糞大腸菌群數、汞及

其他重金屬（及其化合物）。

Key Process Flow of the Expansion Projects

Infuent

進水

Effuent

出水

Pre-treatment

預處理

Primary Sedimentation Tank

初沉池

UV Disinfection

紫外燈消毒

Membrane Bio Reactor

膜生物反應器

Anaerobic

Tank

厭氧池

Aerobic

Tank

好氧池

Nox Recycle

硝化液回流

MLSS Recycle

污泥回流

Anoxic

Tank

缺氧池



The Group applies stringent discharge standards to its waste 

water treatment projects. Through continuous upgrading 

works, water discharged from all of the Group’s waste 

water treatment projects complies with the requirements as 

stipulated in the environmental impact assessment reports 

approved by the local governments(1), whilst majority of the 

projects complying with Grade 1A standard of Discharge 

Standard of Pollutants for Municipal Wastewater Treatment 

Plant (GB18918-2002).

Note:

(1) 

Major effluent parameters regulated by relevant national regulations 

and standards include COD, biological oxygen demand, suspended 

solids, animal fats and vegetable oils, total nitrogen, ammoniacal 

nitrogen, total phosphorus, pH, colour, E. coli, mercury and other 

heavy metals (and their chemical compounds).


48

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

光大水務在控制出水水質方面的舉措

Everbright Water’s Measures on Effluent Quality Control

Continuous Effluent Monitoring Systems

持續出水監測系統

All the Group’s waste water treatment projects installed continuous water 

monitoring systems which can promptly, accurately and continuously 

record effluent data.

本集團已在所有污水處理項目安裝了持續出水監測系統，以便能夠迅速、

可靠和持續地記錄出水水質數據。

Regular Monitoring by Third-Party Laboratories

由第三方化驗所定期檢測出水樣本

To ensure the independence and impartiality of effluent monitoring results, 

each project company of the Group engages a third-party laboratory to 

regularly test effluent samples.

為確保所有污水處理項目的出水監測結果均透過獨立與公正的檢測程序

得出，本集團旗下每一家項目公司均聘請第三方化驗所定期檢測出水樣

本。

In 2019, the Group treated an aggregate of approximately 1,433,805,000 m3 of waste water and reduced an 

aggregate of approximately 325,441 tonnes of COD.

The Group’s reusable water projects produced an aggregate of approximately 17,652,000 m3 of reusable 

water.

二零一九年，本集團共處理約1,433,805,000立方米污水，同時減少了約325,441噸的COD排放。

本集團的中水回用項目共生產了約17,652,000立方米的回用水。


49

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

附註：

(1) 

於回顧年度內，青島污水處理項目（海泊河廠）

的COD減排量並不包括在本報告內，因此導致

總COD減排量減少。

氣味控制

本集團的新型生物除臭系統可以根據不同類

型的氣體調整處理參數，減少污水處理廠所

釋放出的氣味，使工廠更加高效環保。本集團

所有項目的運營均符合《城鎮污水處理廠污

染物排放標準》 (GB18918-2002)或同等標準中

的大氣污染物排放要求。

Year 年份

2019

2018

2017

Unit: m3

單位：立方米

Waste Water Treated in the Past Three Years

過往三年的污水處理量

0

300,000,000

600,000,000

900,000,000

1,200,000,000

1,500,000,000

1,800,000,000







1,433,805,000

1,271,248,000

1,187,615,000

COD Reduction in the Past Three Years

過往三年的COD 減排量







100,000

300,000

200,000

400,000

0

319,000

356,000

325,441

Tonne 噸

2017

2018

2019

Year 年份

Note:

(1) 

During the year under review, the COD reduction data of Qingdao 

Waste Water Treatment Project (Haibohe Plant) was not included in 

the Report, which resulted in a decrease in the total amount of COD 

reduction.

Odour Control

The Group’s new biological deodorisation technologies are 

capable of adjusting the processing parameters in response 

to different types of odourous gases, reducing odour released 

from waste water treatment plants and making the facilities 

more environmentally friendly. All the Group’s operating 

projects comply with the air emissions requirements as 

stipulated in Discharge Standard of Pollutants for Municipal 

Wastewater Treatment Plant (GB18918-2002) or equivalent.


50

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

污泥處理

除嚴格執行《城鎮污水處理廠污染物排放標

準》(GB18918-2002)等有關國家標準處理污水

處理項目所產生的污泥外，本集團還將世界

銀行集團的《通用環境、健康和安全指南》及

《水與衛生環境、健康與安全指南》等相關國

際標準納入考慮，以減少污泥處理與處置對

環境的影響。

Sludge Treatment Process

污泥處理流程

Most of the treated sludge with satisfactory testing results 

is sent to qualified third-parties for further treatment, 

reuse and/or utilisation, such as production of compost, 

utilisation as construction materials, etc.

大部分經處理並通過檢測的污泥會被送到合資格第三方作

進一步處理、循環再用及╱或作綜合利用，如製作堆肥、

建材利用等。

Sludge Treatment

Apart from strictly adhering to national standards such as 

Discharge Standard of Pollutants for Municipal Wastewater 

Treatment Plant (GB18918-2002), the Group also considers 

relevant international standards including the World Bank 

Group’s General Environmental, Health, and Safety Guidelines 

and Environmental, Health, and Safety Guidelines for Water 

and Sanitation to reduce environmental impacts of sludge 

treatment and disposal.

Each project under  

operation

各運營項目

Sludge

污泥

Qualified 

third-parities

合資格第三方

Integrated Utilisation

綜合利用

Production of compost

製作堆肥

Utilisation as  

construction materials

建材利用


51

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

本集團繼續追求創新科技，利用自己的科研

優勢成功完成了污泥低溫乾化技術的突破，

對污泥進行穩定處理，將污泥重量減少60%。

污泥的高效處理和再利用據信有望會成為未

來改變水務行業的革新技術，因此，本集團將

繼續探索更低成本、高效率的污泥處理和綜

合利用技術（如蛋白質和磷回收技術），推動

整個行業朝更環保的可持續方向發展。

The remaining sludge that cannot be utilised is sent to designated landfills for disposal after 

undergoing dewatering process for reduction of water content and volume.

少數無法進行綜合利用的污泥則會先進行脫水以減少含水量及體積後再送到指定填埋場作

填埋處理。

The Group continues pursuing development of new 

technologies and leveraging on its advantages on technological 

R&amp;D. The breakthrough and accomplishment of the low-

temperature sludge drying technology achieves sludge 

treatment stabilisation and a reduction of sludge weight by 

60%. It is believed that high efficiency sludge treatment and 

reuse could be the game-changing technologies for the water 

sector in the future. As such, the Group will continue exploring 

low-cost and efficient sludge treatment and utilisation 

technologies (such as protein and phosphorus recovery 

technologies), to lead the industry towards environmental 

sustainability.

In 2019, the Group generated a total of approximately 936,000 tonnes of sludge.

二零一九年，本集團共產生了約936,000噸污泥。

Sludge Generated from Waste Water Treatment Projects in 2019: 

Ultimate Treatment/Disposal by Third-Parties

二零一九年污水處理項目所產生的污泥：經第三方最終處理╱處置的方法

43.46%

11.69%

15.29%

8.85%

20.72%

Incineration

焚燒

Utilisation as Construction Materials

建材利用

Anaerobic Digestion

厭氧消化

Landfll

填埋

Production of Compost

製作堆肥



Total Sludge Generated

污泥產生總量

tonnes

噸

936,000


52

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Total Waste Recycled

廢棄物回收總量

kg

公斤

6,213.70 

Waste Management

The Group upholds the sustainable waste management 

concept of recycling and reusing, which are widely practised in 

the Group’s operational facilities, offices and dormitories, etc. 

The Group recycles wastes such as paper, metal, plastics, food 

waste, and strives to implement its philosophy of optimising 

limited resources by taking solid actions.

In 2019, the Group recycled a total of 6,213.70 kg of office waste.

二零一九年，本集團的辦公室廢棄物回收總量為6,213.70公斤。

Office Waste Recycling Statistics in 2019 

(unit: kg)

廢物管理

本集團就可持續廢物管理方面秉承加強回收

及重用的概念，從生產設施至辦公室和宿舍

等地均進行廢棄物回收以及重用，回收的廢

棄物包括紙張、金屬、塑料和廚餘等，務求以

實際行動貫徹善用有限資源的理念。

二零一九年辦公室廢棄物回收量統計

（單位：公斤）

1,230.20 

Waste Paper

廢紙

157.00 

Metal

金屬

47.10

Plastics

塑料

60.40 

Glass

玻璃

56.00 

Electrical Appliances

電器

7.84

Rechargeable Batteries

充電池

3,791.00

Food Wastes

廚餘

58.00

Old Clothes

舊衣物

806.16

Others

其他


53

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

提升城市應對氣候變化的抗禦能力

本集團充分了解應對氣候變化的迫切性，而

極端降雨、水資源短缺等自然災害可對本集

團業務帶來顯著的影響。本集團將氣候變化

風險納入現行的風險管理體系中，從而制定

更完善的緊急與自然災害應急方案，以加強

項目抵禦氣候變化的能力。

本集團透過一系列的水環境綜合治理服務，

為建設可持續城市和社區作出貢獻。本集團

的污水處理、供水、中水回用及污泥處理項目

可大幅降低污水排放帶來的環境影響。流域

治理項目則透過建造更穩固的生態環境整體

提升城市應付水患的抗禦能力。

報告期內，本集團繼續採用《聯合國氣候變化

框架公約》中清潔發展機制（「CDM」）的計

算方法估算運營的溫室氣體排放量。該計算方

法從溫室氣體的排放種類、排放量和範疇三

個層面為持份者提供更全面可靠的溫室氣體

排放數據。同時，本集團亦使用CDM的方法，

透過估算在污水處理廠沒有利用沼氣發電的

情況下，改以化石燃料電廠發電的溫室氣體

排放，從而計算本集團的運營所抵消的二氧

化碳（「二氧化碳」）排放當量。

Increasing Cities’ Resilience Against Climate Change

The Group understands the urgency of climate change. Natural 

disasters such as extreme rainfall and water scarcity triggered 

by climate change can cause significant impact on the Group’s 

business. To improve the projects’ resilience against climate 

change, the Group has included climate change risks into its 

Risk Management System to formulate more comprehensive 

emergency and natural disaster contingency plans.

The Group contributes to the development of sustainable cities 

and communities by providing a series of water environment 

management services. Its waste water treatment, water supply, 

reusable water and sludge treatment and disposal projects 

substantially minimise the environmental impact arising 

from waste water discharge. In addition, the Group’s river-

basin ecological restoration projects construct more stable 

ecological environment, and thus improve, at a macro level, the 

cities’ flood prevention ability.

The Group continues to use the GHG emissions calculation 

methodology of the Clean Development Mechanism (“CDM”) 

under the United Nations Framework Convention on 

Climate Change (UNFCCC) during the Reporting Period. This 

methodology provides reliable GHG emissions data to the 

Group’s stakeholders by disclosing the types, quantities and 

scopes of GHG. In addition, the Group uses CDM methodology 

to calculate its carbon dioxide (“CO2”)equivalent emissions 

offset by estimating the GHG emissions emitted from fossil fuel 

power plants in the absence of waste water treatment plants 

that utilise biogas to generate electricity.

In 2019, the Group’s operating projects offset a total of 10,263.88 tonnes of CO2 equivalent emissions.

二零一九年，本集團的運營項目共抵消10,263.88噸二氧化碳排放當量。


54

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

附註：

1. 

範疇一的計算包括所有運營中的污水處理項目

的無組織甲烷排放；範疇二的計算為購買電力

消耗，範疇二的計算邊界包括所有在建與運營

中的污水處理、中水回用、流域治理、供水、原

水保護、滲濾液處理及污水源熱泵項目。

2. 

運營項目的計算參照CDM方法《AM0080：透過

在有氧污水處理廠處理污水減少溫室氣體排放

（1.0版）》。

3. 

範疇三的計算包括污泥運送的燃油消耗和員工

飛機差旅。飛機差旅的溫室氣體排放以國際民

航組織的碳排放計算器計算得出。

於本報告，光大水務開始披露用於處理污水的

電力消耗所致的溫室氣體排放的排放因子，

旨在促進客戶報告其因處理污水所致的範疇

三溫室氣體排放。該數據可在本報告第十二

章「主要數據」中取得。







GHG Emissions by Scope in 2019

二零一九年按範疇劃分的溫室氣體排放

Scope 1 (Direct Emissions)

範疇一（直接排放）

Scope 2 (Energy Indirect Emissions)

範疇二（能源引致的間接排放）

Scope 3 (Other Indirect Emissions)

範疇三（其他間接排放）

 CO2 equivalent (tonne) 二氧化碳排放當量(噸)

0

100,000.00

200,000.00

300,000.00

400,000.00

18,710.81

257,971.75

12,429.37

2,581.14

283,335.27

5,727.71

19,762.02

344,070.87

13,824.33

Year 年份

2017

2018

2019

Notes:

1. 

The calculation of scope 1 emissions covers all the fugitive methane 

emissions from the waste water treatment projects under operation. 

The calculation of scope 2 emissions includes the consumption of 

purchased electricity. The calculation boundary of scope 2 emissions 

covers all waste water treatment projects, reusable water projects, 

river-basin ecological restoration projects, water supply projects, 

raw water protection projects, leachate treatment projects, and 

waste water source heat pump projects that are under construction 

and operation.

2. 

The calculation of GHG emissions from operating projects is 

referenced to CDM methodology AM0080: Mitigation of Greenhouse 

Gases Emissions with Treatment of Wastewater in Aerobic 

Wastewater Treatment Plants (Version 1.0).

3. 

The calculation of scope 3 emissions includes fuel consumption 

for the transportation of sludge by third-parties and air travel 

by employees. GHG emissions from air travel are calculated 

by International Civil Aviation Organisation Carbon Emissions 

Calculator.

In the Report, Everbright Water started disclosing emission 

factor of GHG emissions due to electricity used for processing 

waste water, to facilitate its clients’ GHG reporting in scope 3 

emissions due to waste water discharge. The data is available 

in chapter 12 of the Report entitled “Key Statistics”.


55

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

能源及物料使用

光大水務秉承綠色運營的理念，不斷追求更

低的資源消耗。本集團積極探索多種節能方

案，如在項目公司層面舉辦節能比賽，利用污

泥消化過程中產生的甲烷進行發電供廠內使

用，竭力避免非再生能源的消耗。

在運營方面，本集團的「智慧水務」信息管理

系統建設歷時五年，歷經理論探索、調試和故

障排除等各個階段，現已推進至項目實施階

段。該系統不僅能提高水務系統的效率和精准

性，還能以更加精細和動態的方式管理水務系

統的整個生產、管理和服務流程，以全生命週

期成本優化來管理資產，推動本集團的均衡發

展，幫助本集團實現環保低碳的運營目標。

為了制定長遠的資源管理策略，本集團的各項

目公司每月都詳細記錄能源和主要物料的使

用情況，並上交至區域管理中心進行整合。經

過分析資料，本集團能夠充分了解項目運營

中的資源利用情況，繼而對能源和物料使用

做出相應的調整。

本集團更推廣綠色低碳工作模式，鼓勵員工實

施節能措施，包括將電腦調至節能模式，於工

作日結束時關掉電腦、打印機及其他電器，並

於長假前離開辦公室時拔掉電器的電源。

Energy and Material Usage

Everbright Water adheres to the concept of green operation, 

and always strives to reduce resource consumption. The 

Group actively explores various energy-saving solutions. For 

instance, it organises energy saving competitions among 

project companies and utilises methane produced from sludge 

digestion to generate electricity for internal use, thus reducing 

the consumption of non-renewable energy.

In terms of operation, the Group’s “Intelligent Water” 

Information Management System has been under 

development for five years. The system has gone through 

various development stages such as theoretical trial, 

commissioning and troubleshooting, and has now progressed 

to practical application on projects. It can improve the 

efficiency and accuracy of the water system, and also manage 

the entire production, management and service processes 

of the water system in a more refined and dynamic manner. 

It facilitates asset management with full life cycle cost 

optimisation to promote a balanced development of the Group, 

helping the Group achieve a green and low-carbon operation 

goal.

To implement a long-lasting strategy on resource management, 

the Group keeps detailed monthly records of every project 

company’s energy and key materials usage, and such records 

are complied and kept by the regional management centres. By 

analysing these records, the Group has a full insight of resource 

usage in its operations and can adjust the use of energy and 

materials accordingly.

The Group promotes a green low-carbon working environment 

and encourages employees to implement energy-saving 

measures, such as to switch computers to energy-saving 

mode, switch off computers, printers, and other electrical 

appliances after working hours, as well as unplug all electrical 

devices when leaving offices for long holidays.

In 2019, the Group consumed energy in total of 1,837,712.77 GJ.

二零一九年，本集團共耗用1,837,712.77吉焦能源。


56

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

附註：

1. 

能源消耗量是根據《中國能源統計年鑒2018》

的參考係數計算得出。

92.26%

6.96%

0.37%

0.39%

0.02%

Direct Energy Consumption Statistics of Projects Under 

Construction and in Operation in 2019

二零一九年各在建及運營項目的直接能源消耗統計

Non-Renewable Electricity

非再生能源電力

Biogas

沼氣

Diesel

柴油

Gasoline

汽油

Natural Gas

天然氣



Note:

1. 

Energy consumption is calculated based on the reference 

coefficients given by China Energy Statistical Yearbook 2018.


57

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

二零一九年各運營項目的主要物料使用統計 

Unit: tonne

單位：噸

附註：

1. 

主要物料使用統計包括生活污水處理、工業廢

水處理與中水回用項目。

水資源使用

作為一家提供水資源綜合利用服務的企業，

本集團密切關注並落實國家相關的水資源政

策，致力於減少項目耗水。為進一步善用水資

源，本集團於整個污水處理工藝中循環用水，

以減少淡水的使用需求。於回顧年度，本集團

所有運營污水處理項目及中水回用項目的循

環水量佔總耗水量的79.70%。

此外，本集團高效的污水處理項目亦產生再

用水以用作其他用途，如清洗街道及車輛、園

藝灌溉、沖廁和救火等。





Key Materials Consumption Statistics of Operating 

Projects in 2019

Materials/Function

物料╱用途

pH adjustment

酸鹼調整

Coagulant &amp; flocculant

凝結劑及絮凝劑

Disinfectant

消毒劑

21,829.09

180,123.42

19,144.86

Chemical oxidiser

化學氧化劑

Carbon source

碳源

Biological treatment

生物處理

Others

其他

19,144.02

148,886.09

231.77

1,882.12

Note:

1. 

Including the key materials consumption from municipal waste 

water treatment projects, industrial waste water treatment projects 

and reusable water projects.

Utilisation of Water Resources

As an enterprise in providing water resources utilisation 

services, the Group stays aligned with relevant national 

policies on water conservation and strives to reduce water 

consumption of its projects. To further optimise water usage, 

the Group re-circulates water throughout the waste water 

treatment processes to reduce the use of freshwater. During 

the year under review, the Group’s re-circulating water 

accounted for 79.70% of the total water consumption in its 

operating waste water treatment projects and reusable water 

projects.

In addition, the Group’s highly efficient waste water 

treatment projects produce reclaimed water which can be 

used for purposes such as street cleaning, vehicle washing, 

landscaping, toilet flushing, fire fighting, etc.


58

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

本集團將污水處理廠處理後的出水供給中水

回用項目，將其按照《城市污水再生利用工業

用水水質》(GB/T19923-2005)或同等標準淨化

成回用水，用作廠區冷卻水或供其他企業作

一般工業用途，從而減少城市的淡水消耗。本

集團的《運營手冊》列明中水回用項目所產

生的回用水須符合的標準，員工須持續監控

回用水的水質，確保符合相關國家標準，保障

客戶的健康及安全。

Re-Circulating Water

Reclaimed Water

循環水

再用水

 

 

Water is re-circulated within the waste water 

treatment system as far as practical to reduce the 

use of freshwater.

為了減少對淡水的需求，將水盡可能在污水處理

系統內循環使用。

Reclaimed water refers to the effectively treated 

effluent water which is clear and safe for non-

potable uses such as street cleaning, vehicle 

washing, landscaping, toilet flushing, fire fighting, 

etc.

再用水是指經過高效污水處理的排放水，水質清

澈並可安全用作多項非飲用用途，包括清洗街道

及車輛、園藝灌溉、沖廁和救火等。

6,348,463.33  m3 立方米

9,075,869.37  m3 立方米

The Group’s reusable water projects purify effluent from 

waste water treatment plants in accordance with the Reuse of 

Urban Recycling Water – Water Quality Standard for Industrial 

Uses (GB/T19923-2005) or equivalent standards. To reduce 

freshwater consumption in cities, reusable water produced by 

reusable water projects can be used as in-plant cooling water 

or for general industrial use by other corporations. The Group’s 

Operations Manual sets out the standards for reusable water 

produced from the reusable water projects. Employees are 

required to continuously monitor the quality of the reusable 

water to ensure the health and safety of the customers in 

addition to complying with the relevant standards.

In 2019, the Group’s reusable water projects produced approximately 17,652,000 m3 of reusable water.

二零一九年，本集團的中水回用項目共生產了約17,652,000立方米的回用水。


59

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

附註：

(1) 

二零一九年的排水統計擴大至包括排放至第三

方使用的再用水量。

Freshwater Consumption Statistics of Projects Under 

Construction and in Operation in 2019

二零一九年各在建及運營項目的淡水耗水統計

Water Discharge Statistics of Projects Under Construction and in Operation in 2019

二零一九年各在建及運營項目的排放水統計





63.83%

0.22%

35.95%

0.97%

81.34%

10.54%

7.15%

Total Freshwater Consumption

總淡水耗水量

m3

立方米

1,766,558.40

Total Water Discharged

總排放水量

m3

立方米

1,346,879,252.00

Municipal Water Supply Utilities

市政供水設施

Groundwater

地下水

Surface Water

地表水

Water Supplied to Third-Parties for 

Use as Reclaimed Water and Reusable Water

供應至第三方作再用水及回用水使用

Surface Water

地表水

Sea

大海

Waste Water Treatment Plants 

Operated by Third-Parties

第三方機構運營的污水處理廠

Note:

(1) 

The water discharge statistics in 2019 are extended to include 

reclaimed water that are discharged for the use of third-parties.
















China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司



60

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

We care for our employees and  

GROW TOGETHER

關懷員工，共同成長 


61

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

穩

健、優秀的人才隊伍是本集團創造佳

績的關鍵因素。為此，本集團始終視

人才為重要財富，矢志成為理想的僱

主。本集團堅持「以人為本」的理念，透過有

效的人力資源管理體系，為員工提供具吸引

力的職業發展機會及充滿關愛的工作環境，

照顧他們在職場內外的需要。

員工概覽

 

附註：

(1) 

所有員工均為全職員工。

A 

sound and outstanding talent pool is essential to 

the Group’s excellent performance. Thus, the Group 

believes that its people are the most valuable assets 

and upholds the “People-Oriented” philosophy. Through a 

sound human resources management system, the Group 

provides employees with attractive career development 

opportunities and a caring working environment. The Group 

ensures that its employees’ needs (whether in or outside the 

workplace) are being taken care of.

Employment Profile

As at 31 December 2019,  

Everbright Water had a total of 2,317 employees(1).

截至二零一九年十二月三十一日，

光大水務共有2,317名員工(1)。









Note:

(1) 

All employees were full-time employees.

Male

男

Female

女

1,655

(71.43%)

662

(28.57%)

Statistics on Diversity of Employees in 2019

二零一九年員工多元化統計

2,636,000







Male

男

Female 

女

0

20%

40%

60%

80%

100%

By age 

按年齡劃分

573

(24.73%)

1,013

198

(8.55%)

533

(23.00%)

2,246

71

(3.06%)

By ethnicity

按民族劃分

Male to female ratio by employee ranking

各員工職級的男女比例

By gender

按性別劃分







Senior

management

高級管理人員

Middle-level

management

中層管理人員

General and

technical staff

一般及技術員工




62

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

2,093

(90.33%)

By geographical region

按地區劃分







Local

本地

Foreign

外地

Employees hired by geographical region

按地區劃分的受僱員工

Local

本地

Foreign

外地

224

(9.67%)



Senior 

management

高級管理人員

Middle-level 

management

中層管理人員

General and 

technical staff

一般及技術員工

0

20%

40%

60%

80%

100%

Statistics on Diversity of Employees in 2019

二零一九年員工多元化統計

By age 

按年齡劃分

573

(24.73%)

1,013

(43.72%)

198

(8.55%)

533

(23.00%)

Han

漢族

Ethnic minorities

少數族裔

2,246

(96.94%)

71

(3.06%)

By ethnicity

按民族劃分

30 and below

30歲及以下

31-40

31-40歲

41-50

41-50歲

51 and above 

51歲及以上

Mainland China

中國內地

By geographical region

按地區劃分

2,306

(99.53%)

7

(0.30%)

4

(0.17%)







Singapore

新加坡

Hong Kong

香港


63

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

附註：

(1) 

在中國內地同省份受聘的員工被視為本地員工，

而在中國內地外省份受聘的員工則被視為外地

員工。

(2) 

截至二零一九年十二月三十一日。

吸納及保留人才

為確保持續吸納優質人才推動業務的長遠發

展，光大水務設有靈活完善的招聘機制，透過

與經驗豐富的人才招聘機構及高等院校合作，

以本地招聘、海外招聘、校園招聘等方式招攬

各方專才。為配合本集團「創新引領發展」的

策略，本集團近年更透過「產學研」合作、收

購技術公司等方式，繼續促進與國內外高等

院校和科研院的合作及技術和管理專才的引

進。另外，由於本集團個別項目位於尚欠發展

的偏遠地區，本集團特別重視本地人才，以促

進當地經濟發展和就業機會。

935

(40.35%)

720

(31.07%)

292

(12.60%)

370

(15.97%)

By employment type and gender

按僱傭類型及性別劃分

Permanent (male)

長期合約 男

Permanent (female)

長期合約 女

臨時╱定期合約（男）

臨時╱定期合約（女）



Notes:

(1) 

Employees hired from the same province in Mainland China 

are regarded as local employees, whereas the employees hired 

from other provinces in Mainland China are regarded as foreign 

employees.

(2) 

As at 31 December 2019.

Talent Recruitment and Retention

With the aim of ensuring continuous recruitment of quality 

talents to promote long-term business development, 

Everbright Water establishes a flexible and comprehensive 

recruitment mechanism, which actively brings in local and 

foreign talents through collaborations with experienced 

recruitment agencies and higher education institutions, via 

various channels, such as: local, overseas and on-campus 

recruitments. The Group also stays aligned with its “Innovation-

Driven Development” ethos, continues promoting cooperation 

with local and foreign universities and research institutes, 

and actively recruits technical and management specialists in 

the area of technological R&amp;D through “Industrial-Academic” 

collaboration and acquisition of technological companies. 

Besides, several projects of the Group are located in remote 

areas that are underdeveloped. In order to promote local 

economic growth and employment opportunities, the Group 

pays special attention to local talents.


64

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

本集團制定了多項僱傭措施，包括具競爭力

的薪酬待遇、完善的員工福利及發展機會，致

力保留人才。本集團亦根據勞工市場趨勢，定

期檢討及調整薪酬待遇。

此外，本集團每年均會統計即將符合退休資

格的員工數目，長遠考慮、制定及調整人力資

源政策，同時為員工提供包括退休安排在內

的妥當職業生涯管理計劃。

The Group has formulated various employment measures, 

including competitive remuneration packages, comprehensive 

employee benefits and development opportunities, in order 

to retain talents. The Group also regularly reviews and adjusts 

remuneration packages based on labour market trends.

Moreover, the Group monitors the number of employees who 

are eligible for retirement every year. Such compilation allows 

the Group to formulate its human resource policies for the 

long term, while providing employees with appropriate career 

management plans, including retirement arrangements.









In 2019, there were 445 new employees, 

accounting for 19.21% of the Group’s total 

workforce, while staff turnover (including 

resignation and retirement) was 148, 

accounting for 6.39% of the Group’s total workforce.

二零一九年，本集團新聘員工445名，

佔總員工數目的19.21%；

員工流失數目（包括離職或退休）為148名，

佔總員工數目的6.39%。


65

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

附註：

（1） 

在中國內地同省份受聘的員工被視為本地員工，

而在中國內地外省份受聘的員工則被視為外地

員工。

New Employees Statistics in 2019

二零一九年新聘員工數據統計

Local

本地

Foreign

外地

By age 

按年齡劃分

By geographical location

按地區劃分

Male

男

Female

女

By gender

按性別劃分

By geographical location

按地區劃分

30 and below

30歲及以下

31-40

31-40歲

41-50

41-50歲

51 and above 

51歲及以上

308

(69.21%)

137

(30.79%)

5

(1.12%)

216

(48.54%)

187

(42.02%)

37

(8.31%)

Mainland China

中國內地

Hong Kong

香港

Singapore

新加坡

399

(89.66%)

46

(10.34%)

444

(99.78%)

0

(0.00%)

1

(0.22%)









Note:

(1) 

Employees hired from the same province in Mainland China 

are regarded as local employees, whereas the employees hired 

from other provinces in Mainland China are regarded as foreign 

employees.


66

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Employee Turnover (Resignation/Retirement) Statistics in 2019

二零一九年員工流失（離職╱退休）數據統計

Retired

退休

Resigned

離職

123

(83.11%)

25

(16.89%)

30 and below

30歲及以下

31-40

31-40歲

41-50

41-50歲

51 and above 

51歲及以上

Male

男

Female

女

105

(70.95%)

43

(29.05%)

By gender

按性別劃分

By age

按年齡劃分

28

(18.92%)

26

(17.57%)

39

(26.35%)

55

(37.16%)







By type

按類別劃分


67

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

未來五年及十年內合資格退休的員工百分比

員工發展

本集團注重人才隊伍建設，對員

工的個人發展和福祉高度關注。

基於以人為本的《人力資源管理

培訓政策》和具透明度的人才發

展框架，透過多種渠道為員工提供廣泛的學習

機會及發展計劃。報告期內，本集團進一步完

善了人力資源管理制度，建立內部培訓團隊及

後備人才培養體系，並加大人才引進力度，通

過人才發展推動企業發展。

二零一九年，本集團繼續推行以下促進員工

發展的計劃，務求建立一支積極主動且富有

創造力的員工團隊。

Percentage of Employees Eligible for Retirement  

in Five and Ten years

Employee ranking

In five years

In ten years

員工職級

未來五年內

未來十年內

 

 

 

Senior management

11.57%

19.01%

高級管理人員

Middle-level management

3.31%

12.25%

中層管理人員

General and technical staff

8.34%

11.99%

一般及技術員工

Employee Development

The Group attaches much importance to the 

development of talent team and pays close 

attention to the personal development and 

well-being of employees. Based on the Group’s 

“People-Oriented” Human Resources Management and 

Capacity Building Policy and transparent talent development 

framework, the Group provides employees with a wide range 

of learning opportunities and personal development plans 

through various channels. During the Reporting Period, the 

Group further improved the human resources management 

system, established an internal training team and a backup 

talent training system, and put extra efforts in recruiting new 

talents to promote enterprise development.

In 2019, the Group continued implementing the following plans 

to promote employees’ development, aiming to establish a 

proactive and creative employee team.


68

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Tiered Talent Development Strategy

梯隊式人才佈局

The Group established a managerial and technical backup 

talent pool to recognise high performing talents by 

offering them with internal promotion opportunities. In 

order to strengthen the development of the talent team, 

the Group has further improved the requirements on the 

selection of backup talents during the Reporting Period. 

It also established a training programme for the backup 

talents, namely "Yongquan Programme", to provide them 

with trainings in various ways. New backup talents are 

admitted to “Yongquan Programme” every year to ensure 

the sustainable development of the Group.

本集團建立後備幹部人才庫，以表彰高績效人才並優先向

他們提供內部晉升機會。為加強人才隊伍建設，本集團於

報告期內完善了後備幹部選拔要求並成立了「湧泉計劃」

後備幹部培訓班，利用多種形式對後備幹部學員開展培

訓。每年將有新的後備人才加入到「湧泉計劃」中，為本集

團的可持續發展提供良好保障。





As the first batch of “Yongquan programme”, a total of 76 students graduated in November 2019 after three months 

of study.

首期「湧泉計劃」共76名學員，經過三個月的學習，已於二零一九年十一月畢業。

The training details were as follows:

培訓詳情如下：

Main processes in the water industry

水務行業主要工藝

Introduced the core technologies in the water industry progressively 

from simple to complex.

由淺入深介紹了水務行業內具有代表性的核心技術。

 

 

Engineering process management

工程全流程管理

Explained the advanced management philosophy of Everbright Water 

- “Excellent Design, State-of-Art Technology, Advanced Equipment, 

High-Quality Construction and First-Class Management”, which was 

adhered to in its entire engineering construction process.

詮釋光大水務工程建設全過程所奉行的「一流的設計，一流的技術，

一流的設備，一流的施工，一流的管理」 先進管理理念。

 

 

Management of waste water 

treatment plants

污水處理廠的管理

Explained the esstential management strategies for operations 

management.

講解了運營管理中的主要管理策略。

 

 

Waste water discharge compliance 

and environmental  

protection supervision

污水運營項目達標排放與環保監管

Through case studies, the trainees obtained a thorough 

understanding of the importance of safety and environmental 

management during project construction and operation, and 

developed the practical problem solving mindset.

通過典型案例學習，學員深刻認識到項目建設、運營階段安全與環

境管理的重要性，並掌握了務實解決問題的思維方式。


69

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

附註：

(1) 

本集團於回顧年度內按照員工不同崗位的需求實

施高效的精準培訓，因此導致培訓總時數減少。

Tiered Talent Development Strategy

梯隊式人才佈局

































Comprehensive 

appraisal system

綜合考核機制

































Apprenticeship 

programme

「師帶徒」計劃

 

 

The Group’s internal assessment mechanism closely 

monitored employees’ career development by setting 

achievable goals along with on-going evaluation. The 

system also helped cultivate outstanding employees 

who embraced the core values of the Group.

內部考核機制通過向員工制定切實的工作目標及持續

性的評估來緊密監察員工的職業發展。通過此機制，本

集團能夠培養擁護其核心價值的優秀員工。

The apprenticeship programme allowed the skilled 

workers to lead new comers, which effectively passed 

valuable skills and knowledge to new employees 

and helped the fresh blood establish practical career 

plans.

讓熟練技工帶領新技工工作，有效地把寶貴的技術知

識傳承下去，並協助新人制定可行的職業生涯計劃。

































Technical talent training 

programmes

技術型人才培訓計劃

































Tailored training 

programmes

特殊培訓計劃

 

 

Through “Industrial-Academic” collaboration, the Group 

invited local and overseas technical experts to provide 

trainings to managerial and technical employees of the 

Group’s projects, to widen their horizons.

透過「產學研」合作模式，積極組織海內外技術專家對

項目管理層及技術人員進行培訓、交流，不斷提升自身

人才隊伍的視野水平。

The Group collaborated with leading local and 

overseas tertiary institutions, such as arranging 

the Group’s management personnel and senior 

technical staff to attend various courses or training 

programmes, such as the Engineering Master 

Programme of Zhejiang University.

與國內外一流大學合作，如為本集團高級管理人員及

技術骨幹安排參加各種課程或培訓計劃，比如浙江大

學工程碩士班。

In 2019, the Group provided on-the-job trainings for all employees. The total training hours 

were 57,066.50 hours, and the average training hours per employee were 24.63 hours(1).

二零一九年，本集團均為每位員工提供在職培訓。培訓總時數為57,066.50小時，員工人

均培訓時數為24.63小時(1)。

Note:

(1) 

During the year under review, the Group implemented efficient and 

concise trainings according to the needs of employees in different 

positions, which resulted in a reduction of the total training hours.


70

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Employee Training and Development Statistics in 2019

二零一九年員工培訓與發展數據統計

Average training hours per person 

by gender

Average training hours per person 

by employee ranking

按性別劃分的人均培訓時數

按員工職級劃分的人均培訓時數

Female

女

23.97

Senior management

高級管理人員

19.63

Middle-level management 

中層管理人員

28.97

Male

男

24.89

General and technical staff 

一般及技術員工

24.26

37.03%

4.50%

42.57%

14.14%

1.59%

0.17%

Percentage of Training by Category

培訓類別的百分比

Health and Safety

健康與安全

New Hire Training and Team Building

新入職培訓與團隊建設

Industry Knowledge and Technical Skills

行業知識與專業技能

Corporate Culture, Policies and Management Systems

企業文化、政策及管理體系

Others

其他

Personal Development (Communication Skills, 

Time Management, Stress/ 

Emotional Management, etc.)

個人發展（溝通技巧、時間管理、壓力╱情緒控制等）




71

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

保障員工

平等僱傭

本集團的《員工手冊》及《行為守則》涵蓋了

薪酬及解僱、招聘及晉升、工作時數、假期、

平等機會、多元化、反歧視、防止童工及強制

勞動以及其他待遇及福利等議題，更提倡公平

公開的就業平台，確保員工及求職者的報酬、

培訓機會和職業前景等不會受性別、年齡、種

族、國籍、婚姻狀況、宗教等因素所限。《行為

守則》亦訂明本集團對員工道德行為及誠信

的期望，涵蓋防賄賂、防勒索、反欺詐及反洗

錢等議題。本集團定期舉辦培訓課程，幫助員

工理解各僱傭政策及措施的含義並給予實行

方面的指導。報告期內，本集團沒有出現任何

與歧視相關的事件，亦未發現使用童工或強

迫╱強制勞動之案例。

有鑑於從事水務和工程相關行業的人力資源

分布側重於男性，本集團特別關注性別平等

與薪酬待遇等議題，務求降低性別因素對薪

酬水平及結構的影響，同時採取不同措施吸

引更多女性加入，協助她們於本集團中發展

及留任。

Safeguarding Employees

Equal Employment

The Group’s Staff Handbook  and Code of Conduct  cover 

topics including compensation and dismissal, recruitment and 

promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, 

diversity, anti-discrimination, the prevention of child labour 

and forced labour, and other benefits and welfare. The policies 

also advocate a fair and open workplace and ensure that 

employees are protected from all forms of discrimination 

against gender, age, race, nationality, marriage status, etc. 

In the Group’s Code of Conduct , the Group stipulates its 

expectation on the employees’ moral behaviour and integrity. 

The Code of Conduct covers topics, such as anti-bribery, anti-

extortion, anti-fraud and anti-money laundering. The Group 

provides trainings to help employees understand the meaning 

of the Code of Conduct and what they are expected to do. 

During the Reporting Period, there was no incident related to 

discrimination, and no case of child or forced labour was found.

In view that the water and engineering industries are largely 

dominated by male, the Group pays special attention to gender 

equality and strives to reduce the difference on employees’ 

salaries and remuneration packages due to gender. Also, 

various measures are carried out to encourage female talents 

to join and continue contributing to the Group.


72

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

雙向溝通

為提高本集團運作的透明度、廉潔度、問責性

並致力保持一貫高標準的企業管治，本集團鼓

勵員工舉報已發生或懷疑已發生或懷疑有可

能發生的不合法或不當行為。員工可根據《不

當行為的舉報政策及程序》透過電郵與總裁

及╱或審計委員會主席直接進行溝通，在勞

資關係、人權、職場騷擾及歧視等範疇上提出

申訴或發表意見。此外，本集團於二零一九年

邀請員工完成在線問卷調查，以進一步了解

員工對公司管理、工作環境及福利等若干範

疇的意見。

員工福利

本集團不斷提升員工福利並建立了完善的員

工福利制度，嚴格按照「以人為本」的宗旨以

及運營地區的法定要求，為員工在各個範疇

提供足夠的福利保障。

Two-Way Communication

In order to improve the transparency, integrity, accountability 

of the Group’s operations and consistently maintain a 

corporate governance of high standard, the Group encourages 

employees to report illegal or improper conducts that have 

occurred or are suspected to be occurring or are of potential 

occurrence. Employees can directly communicate with the 

CEO and/or the Chairman of the Audit Committee via email 

in accordance with the Reporting Policies and Procedures for 

Misconduct and file complaints or express opinions in areas 

such as labour relations, human rights, workplace harassment 

and discrimination. Besides, the Group invited its employees 

to complete an online questionnaire in 2019 in order to further 

understand employees’ views on certain issues, such as the 

management of the Company, working environment, welfare, 

benefits and etc. 

“Intelligent Water” Information Management System makes use of big data to improve the efficiency 

and accuracy of the operations system, to manage the entire production, management and service 

processes in a more refined and dynamic manner, and to manage assets with full life cycle cost 

optimisation. Everbright Water took five years to develop the “Intelligent Water” platform, which has gone 

through various development stages such as theoretical trial, commissioning and troubleshooting and 

has now progressed to practical application on projects. 

「智慧水務」信息管理系統是指運用大數據以提高運營系統的效率和精準性，以更加精細和動態的方

式來管理整個生產、管理和服務流程，以全生命週期成本優化來管理資產。光大水務「智慧水務」平台

建設歷時五年，歷經理論探索、調試和故障排除等各個階段，現已推進至項目實施階段。

“Intelligent Water” Information Management System – Creating an 

Employee Communication Platform

「智慧水務」信息管理系統－營造員工交流的平台 

Employee Benefits

The Group continuously improves employee welfare and has 

established a comprehensive employee welfare system. The 

Group strictly adheres to its “People-Oriented” philosophy and 

complies with legal requirements of the operating regions, 

aiming to provide employees with adequate welfare protection 

in various areas.


73

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

“People-Oriented” philosophy – providing employee benefits and protection

按照「以人為本」的宗旨－提供員工福利與保障

Providing adequate welfare and safeguard to 

regular employees

為正式員工提供足夠的福利保障

Life insurance

人壽保險

Medical insurance

醫療保險

Disability insurance

傷殘保險

Maternity and paternity 

leave benefits

產假及侍產假等福利

Distributing bonuses 

based on employees’ 

performance

按員工表現派發 

獎勵花紅

Assisting employees in  

retirement planning

協助員工規劃退休生活

Ensuring physical and  

mental health of employees

促進員工的身心健康

Compulsory pension 

insurance

法律規定的強制性 

養老保險

Employee 

supplementary pension 

benefits are established 

as additional retirement 

benefits

建立了員工補充養老 

補貼作為額外的 

退休福利

Various entertainment 

facilities are set up in  

the project companies 

在項目公司 

設置了各種 

文娛設施

Regularly organise 

various team-building 

activities, such as sports 

competitions  

and outings 

定期舉辦體育競賽和 

郊遊等康體活動

Free health screening 

services and 

occupational disease 

prevention inspections 

for employees every 

year

每年為員工提供免費的

身體檢查服務及 

職業病防範檢查

Enhancing female’s welfare

提升女性福利

Provide employees with adequate maternity leave

給予員工充足的產假

Reserve positions for female employees who are  

on maternity leave and encourage them to return  

to work after delivery, and ensure that  

their career development and salary are not affected.

為正在放產假的女性員工保留職位， 

鼓勵她們分娩過後重返崗位， 

並保證其職業發展和薪酬不因此而受影響


74

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

 

 

 

 

 

 

附註：

1. 

截至二零一九年十二月三十一日

職業健康與安全

健康與安全是本集團水務項目卓越表現的頂

樑柱，為旗下多個項目的優質工程建設和運

營管理打下了堅實的基礎。因此，本集團致力

降低運營風險以保障員工的健康與安全。

Female

Male

女

男

 

 

 

Number of female and male employees who took  

maternity/paternity leave in 2019

二零一九年放產假╱侍產假的男女員工數目

38

58

Total number of employees who returned to work after maternity/ 

paternity leave in 2019

二零一九年產假╱侍產假結束後重返工作崗位的員工數目

38

56

Number of employees who returned to work after maternity/ 

paternity leave ended in 2018 and still employed by the end of 2019

二零一八年產假╱侍產假結束後重返工作崗位 

並於二零一九年底仍在職的員工總數

26

36

Percentage of employees who returned to work after maternity/ 

paternity leave ended in 2019

二零一九年產假╱侍產假結束後重返崗位的員工比例

100%

96.55%

Percentage of employees who returned to work after maternity/ 

paternity leave ended in 2018 and were still employed by the end of 2019

二零一八年產假╱侍產假結束後並於二零一九年底仍在職的員工比例

92.86%

94.74%

 

 

 

Note:

1. 

As at 31 December 2019

Occupational Health and Safety

Health and safety are the backbone supporting the Group’s 

sustainable delivery of excellent water projects, and lay a solid 

foundation for quality engineering construction and operations 

management for projects. Therefore, the Group is committed to 

reducing operational risks to safeguard the health and safety of 

its employees.


75

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

健康與安全管理體系

報告期內，通過開展「安全生產月」系列活

動、制定相關標準和指引、開展相關法律法規

專題培訓、為員工提供高規格的工具及個人防

護裝備等多元化手段，本集團深入推進ESHS

管理體系和風險管理體系在維持項目安全方

面的實際應用，強化項目建設的全過程安全

管理，確保工程建設合規、安全、有序推進。

本集團更通過主題宣講、培訓教育、安全檢

查、應急演練等方式，深入貫徹「三個零」目

標（零超標排放、零安全事故、零違規違紀）。

本集團在每個項目公司均設立ESHS管理團

隊，並建立完善的事故通報系統，以管理整個

項目週期中的潛在安全風險。本集團參照國

際認可的OHSAS 18001/ISO 45001職業健康安

全管理體系，保障運營安全。本集團更把ESHS

管理體系伸延到供應鏈中，於供應商合約中

清楚列明與職業健康安全相關的要求，並深

入持續評估主要供應商的健康與安全績效。

報告期內，本集團的主要健康與安全措施還

包括：

Health and Safety Management System

During the Reporting Period, the Group further promoted the 

practical application of ESHS Management System and Risk 

Management System in maintaining project safety through 

diversified measures, including the launch of “Safe Production 

Month”, formulation of relevant standards and guidelines, 

carrying out trainings on applicable laws and regulations, 

as well as provision of high-standard tools and personal 

protection equipment to employees. By implementing these 

measures, the Group can strengthen the safety management 

of the entire project construction process and ensure that the 

project is compliant with laws, safe and progressing smoothly. 

The Group also thoroughly implemented the “Three Zeros” 

goal (zero excessive discharge of pollutants, zero work safety 

accident and zero case for violation of regulations or discipline) 

through theme promotion, training and education, safety 

inspection and emergency drills.

The Group establishes an ESHS management team at every 

project company and formulates a comprehensive incident 

reporting mechanism to monitor risks in the project life 

cycle. The internationally recognised OHSAS 18001/ISO 

45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System 

is referenced by the Group to ensure operational safety. 

Furthermore, the Group extends the ESHS Management 

System to its supply chain by clearly stating relevant 

occupational health and safety requirements in the supplier 

contracts, thus monitoring the health and safety performance 

of the Group’s key suppliers.

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s key health and safety 

measures also included:

Standardised trainings and guidelines

標準化培訓與指引

The Group offered standardised trainings to increase the awareness of all employees on safe production. 

The trainings covered topics, such as emergency response planning, operational hazards, first aid, health 

and safety regulations, and were carried out in forms of seminars, forums, knowledge competitions and 

drills.

本集團透過標準化的培訓提升員工對安全生產的意識。培訓內容涵蓋應急計劃、運營操作危害、急救

及安全法規等議題，並以講座、研討會、知識競賽及演練等形式進行。


76

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

緊急事故應對方案

本集團每個運營項目皆設有專門應對項目於

不同階段所發生事故的應急預案，以提升員

工應對緊急事故的能力。應急預案由項目安

全管理團隊執行，為項目公司及鄰近社區的安

全風險管理做好把關工作。該安全管理團隊

負責定期為員工舉辦健康與安全培訓，涵蓋

緊急應對計劃、運營操作危害、法律等議題，

務求提高員工應對危機時的處理技巧，從而

在特殊情況發生時能迅速高效地啓動應急預

案。

本集團希望透過全面的培訓活動激發全員對

安全管理工作的認識與思考，為更好地開展

作業場所日常安全生產管理工作奠定基礎。

於報告期內，本集團的健康與安全培訓總時

數為約21,133小時。

The Group protected its employees’ health by providing annual medical check-ups and occupational 

disease surveillance. Moreover, the Group set up an Employee Safeguard and Safety Fund, which can 

be disbursed upon application to provide support to employees who suffer from accidents or diseases, 

relieving financial burden of their families.

本集團每年為員工提供醫療檢查及職業病監測，保障員工健康。此外，本集團設立了員工保障及安全

基金，在員工不幸遭遇事故或疾病時，可以申領基金以緩解員工家庭的經濟壓力。

Safety protection programmes

安全保障計劃

Emergency Response Planning

Each operating project of the Group has put in place 

emergency plans which have been designed to respond to 

accidents at different stages of the project. This is to enhance 

the employees’ capability in responding to emergency 

situations. The plan is enforced by the project’s safety 

management team to safeguard the project company and 

nearby communities. The team is also responsible for regularly 

organising health and safety trainings on topics including 

emergency planning, operational hazards, laws with the aim of 

enhancing the employees’ skills in handling emergencies and 

ensuring that the contingency plans can be activated promptly 

and effectively under special circumstances.

Through comprehensive trainings, the Group aims to inspire 

employees to realise and take it seriously about safety 

management, laying foundation for better daily safe production 

at workplace. During the Reporting Period, the total health and 

safety training hours were approximately 21,133 hours.


77

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

本集團的健康與安全培訓涵蓋以下內容：

The Group’s health and safety trainings cover the following 

topics:

Emergency Management

事故應急管理

Occupational Health 

Management

職業健康管理

First Aid

急救

Recognition and Control of  

Hazard Sources

危險源的辨識和 

控制措施

Risk Monitoring and 

Assessment at Different 

Risk Levels

風險分級管控和 

隱患排查

Procurement and  

Storage of  

Hazardous Items

採購及儲存危險物品

Health and Safety Laws  

and Regulations

健康與安全方面的 

法律法規

ESHS Management System

ESHS管理體系

Safe Use of  

Equipment

設備裝置的安全使用


78

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

CASE 

STORY

個案

分享

Xianyang Project Company Launched 

Emergency Drill for Operations in Confined Space

咸陽項目公司展開有限空間作業事故應急演練

On 25 June 2019, in order to promptly, quickly and efficiently improve the 

emergency response capabilities towards operation accidents in confined 

space, Everbright Water's Xianyang Project Company held an emergency 

drill on confined space operation accident.

The emergency drill was held at 4 p.m. at Everbright Water's Xianyang 

Project Company, where a worker pretended unconscious due to the 

leakage of an unknown gas from the water pump valve well. After 

contacting the police, the other workers immediately activated the 

emergency rescue plan for operations in confined space, carried out 

onsite first aid, evacuated the unrelated personnel and dialled “120” (the 

emergency number in Mainland China) while treating the unconscious 

worker. Through this emergency drill, the staff gained valuable experience in 

emergency response, rescue and cooperation.

二零一九年六月二十五日，為了及時、迅速、高效地提高有限空間作業事

故應急處置能力，光大水務咸陽項目公司舉行了一場有限空間作業事故

應急演練。

此次應急演練於下午四時在光大水務咸陽項目公司舉行，在演練中作業人

員在消毒池回用水泵閥門井作業時，因閥門井內產生不明氣體，導致作業

人員突然昏迷。報警後，作業人員立即啟動有限空間作業應急救援預案，

組織現場自救，迅速撤離現場無關人員並做好警戒，同時撥打「120」（中

國內地急救電話號碼），並對昏迷人員進行救治等。相關人員在此次實戰

演練中積累了應急回應、救援處置和協同作戰的寶貴經驗。




79

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

CASE 

STORY

個案

分享

Lianyungang Project Company Participated 

in the Red Cross Emergency Rescue Training

連雲港項目公司參與紅十字應急救護培訓

On 18 June 2019, the emergency rescue personnel from the Red Cross (Lianyungang) conducted a 

workshop on emergency rescue at Everbright Water's Lianyungang Project Company, with more than 

20 staff from the project company participating in the training. Responding to the Company's "Safe 

Production Month" activity, the training aimed to enhance the employees’ awareness on disaster 

prevention and risk prevention, encouraging them to learn the basic knowledge of first aid which will 

enhance their abilities of saving themselves and others.

During the training, the paramedics introduced some essential first aid knowledge under circumstances 

such as airway obstruction, cardiopulmonary resuscitation and accidental injury, through various 

means such as multimedia display, case analysis, on-site demonstration, and interaction. Meanwhile, 

they also demonstrated the proper placement of the injury and the proper procedures for carrying out 

cardiopulmonary resuscitation. The employees also tried to practice and perform the above procedures. 

The participating employees concluded that the training was interesting, practical and closely related to 

their daily work and life. Through the training sessions, they have learnt the basic first aid knowledge and 

improved their rescue abilities.

二零一九年六月十八日，連雲港市紅十字會應急救護人員來到光大水務連雲港項目公司進行應急救

護知識的培訓工作。項目公司組織超過20名員工參加培訓。是次培訓目標是為配合本公司的「安全生

產月」活動，增強廣大幹部職工的防災避險意識，學習掌握基本救護常識，提高自救互救能力。

培訓中，救護師採用多媒體展示及案例分析、現場示範、互動等方式，介紹了氣道梗阻、心肺復蘇、意

外傷害處理等急救知識。同時，對如何判斷傷患、正確擺放傷患位置和正確進行心肺復蘇做了現場演

示，並讓參訓員工進行了類比操作。參加本期培訓的員工表示，培訓內容很精彩很實用，非常貼近日

常工作與生活，通過對相關知識的學習，掌握了基本的救護知識，提高了自己的自救互救能力。




80

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

























Occupational Health and Safety Statistics in 2019

二零一九年職業健康與安全數據統計

Total working hours

工作總時數

Employees of 

Everbright Water

光大水務員工

Third-party contractors and 

subcontractors working onsite

第三方承包商及分包商駐場工人

4,633,824

hours 小時

580,000

hours 小時

Employees

員工

Number of work-related fatalities 

因工死亡個案

Number of high-consequence work-

related injuries (excluding fatalities) (1)

嚴重工傷個案（不包括死亡個案）(1)

Number of occupational disease cases

職業病個案

0 

0 

0

Number of work-related injuries 

工傷個案

Rate of work-related injuries (2) 

工傷率(2)

Days of absence from work due to 

work-related injury 

因工傷缺勤日數

2

0.09

52


81

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司













附註：

(1) 

嚴重工傷（不包括死亡個案）是指導致工作者

無法或難於六個月內恢復至受傷前健康狀態的

工傷。

(2) 

工 傷 率 =（ 工 傷 個 案 總 計 ╱ 工 作 總 時 數 ）

×200,000。

Third-party contractors and 

subcontractors working onsite

第三方承包商及分包商駐場工人

Number of work-related fatalities 

因工死亡個案

Number of high-consequence work-

related injuries (excluding fatalities) (1)

嚴重工傷個案（不包括死亡個案）(1)

Number of occupational disease cases

職業病個案

1

0 

0

Number of work-related injuries 

工傷個案

Rate of work-related injuries (2) 

工傷率(2)

Days of absence from work due to 

work-related injuries 

因工傷缺勤日數

2

0.68

135

Notes:

(1) 

High-consequence work-related injuries (excluding fatalities) refer 

to work-related injuries causing the worker being unable to recover 

fully to pre-injury health status within 6 months.

(2) 

Rate of work-related injuries = (Total number of work-related 

injuries/Total working hours) × 200,000.


China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司



82

Community Engagement

社區參與













We carry out environmental responsibility,  

protect our lucid water and blue sky, and  

FOSTER HARMONIOUS DEVELOPMENT IN THE SOCIETY

履行環保責任，保護碧水藍天，促進社會的共融發展


83

Community Engagement

社區參與

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

光

大水務致力建立可持續、共融及富有

活力的社區。在推動環境保護的同

時，本集團不忘向社區傳遞溫暖與關

愛，切身關懷社會各界的需要並積極參與公

益活動，為社區注入正能量。

宣揚環境保護及教育 

 

 

E

verbright Water strives to build sustainable, inclusive, 

and vibrant communities. Besides promoting 

environmental protection, the Group also delivers 

warmth and care to the communities. The Group cares for the 

needs of all sectors of the society, and actively participates 

in charitable activities and brings positive energy to the 

communities.

Promotion of Environmental Protection and 

Education

 

 









Everbright Water’s projects received

光大水務的項目共接待

19,244  

Visitors

參觀人士

Visitors More than 

參觀人士超過

870  

batches

批次

A total of

本集團共有

12

projects were recognised as “Environmental Education Hub” or  

“Science Popularisation and Education Hub”

個項目獲封「環境教育基地」或「科普教育基地」稱號

As at 31 December 2019

截至二零一九年十二月三十一日

In 2019

二零一九年


84

Community Engagement

社區參與

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

作為一家以水環境綜合治理業務為主業的環

保企業，光大水務義不容辭地承擔環境保護

及環保教育的重任，並利用其在技術、資源及

人才方面的優勢，積極聯同多個環保、科技協

會及政府機構展開各類活動，以推廣先進環

保技術及提升公眾環保意識。

為了推動環保教育，本集團不斷加強環保設

施公眾開放，於青少年環保科普教育等領域

與各界深度合作，以普及環保知識為己任。本

集團在公眾開放方面落實了具體的目標與措

施，並致力參與國內和國際的環保科技活動、

配合國家政策、制定環保開放日政策與鼓勵

員工實行低碳生活。

As an environmental protection enterprise focusing on 

water environment management, Everbright Water deems 

environmental protection and environmental education as 

its responsibility. The Group also leverages on its competitive 

advantages in technology, resources and talent to join hands 

with various environmental, technological associations and 

government organisations in organising various activities to 

promote advanced environmental technology and increase 

public awareness on environmental protection.

In order to promote environmental education, the Group 

continuously opens more environmental protection facilities 

to the public. It also co-operates with different sectors in 

various fields, and enhances collaborations on areas related to 

teenagers’ environmental and science popularisation, with the 

mission of promoting environmental protection knowledge. The 

Group has implemented specific targets and policies for public 

opening of facilities. It is also committed to participating in local 

and international environmental protection and technology 

activities, aligning with national policies, formulating policies 

for environmental protection open days, and encouraging 

employees to live a low-carbon lifestyle.

Everbright Water’s Public Opening of Environmental Protection Facilities

光大水務的環保設施公眾開放

 

Goal

目標

To develop itself into an advanced national hub for public visits and 

environmental education that provides on-site visit, practical learning and 

technical training simultaneously within three years.

力爭在三年內把本公司建設成為一個集參觀學習、實踐拓展、技能培訓為

一體的全國先進的公眾開放和環保宣傳陣地。

 

 

Headquarter

總部

Formulated clear goals and timeline for public opening plan.

為公眾開放計劃制定了明確的目標及時間表。

 

 

Project Companies

項目公司

Established a leading task force for public opening.

成立公眾開放領導小組。


85

Community Engagement

社區參與

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Everbright Water’s Specific Policies in Promoting Environmental Protection

光大水務推廣環保的具體措施

 

Project companies 

in various provinces 

innovatively 

participate in 

international 

environmental 

protection and 

technology activities 

including:

各個省份的項目公司 

均以創新的形式參與 

國際性的環保科技 

活動，包括：

Participate in international and local environmental protection and 

technology activities.

參與國際性與本地的環保科技活動。

“World Water Day”

「世界水日」

“World 

Environment Day”

「世界環境日」

“National Science 

Polularisation Day”

「全國科普日」







 

 

 

 

Align with National 

Policies

Align with National Scientific Literacy Action Plan and Science Popularisation 

Infrastructure Development Plan implemented by the nation.

配合國家政策

配合國家落實《全民科學素質行動計劃綱要》和《科普基礎設施發展規劃》。

 

 

 

 

Formulate Policies 

for Environmental 

Protection Open Days

Various project companies have already formulated policies for environmental 

protection open days to voluntarily open up the facilities for public scrutiny 

while at the same time advocating the concept of environmental protection and 

promoting waste water treatment technology to all walks of life.

制定環保開放日政策

多個項目公司已陸續制定了環保開放日政策，自願接受公眾監督的同時向各界

人士宣揚環保知識與介紹污水處理工藝。

 

 

 

 

Encourage Employees 

to Take the Lead

In response to the “I am the Enabler for a Beautiful China” initiative of Ministry 

of Ecology and Environment of the PRC, project companies have actively 

encouraged employees to be environmentally friendly in their daily life, such as 

switching to a paperless working environment and bringing their own shopping 

bags, etc.

鼓勵員工以身作則

為響應中國生態環境部的「美麗中國，我是行動者」計劃，項目公司積極鼓勵員

工從生活中貫徹環保理念，例如工作環境無紙化和自備購物袋等。

 

 

 

 


86

Community Engagement

社區參與

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

 

Ji’nan Waste Water Treatment Project (Plant 1)

Ji’nan Waste Water Treatment Project (Plant 2)

濟南污水處理項目（一廠）

濟南污水處理項目（二廠）

Ji’nan Licheng Waste Water Treatment Project (Plant 3)

Ji’nan Xike Waste Water Treatment Project (Plant 4)

濟南歷城污水處理項目（三廠）

濟南西客污水處理項目（四廠）

Ji’nan Huashan Waste Water Treatment Project

Xianyang Waste Water Treatment Project

濟南華山水質淨化項目

咸陽東郊污水處理項目

Zhangqiu Waste Water Treatment Project (Plant 1)

Dezhou Nanyunhe Waste Water Treatment Project

章丘污水處理廠項目（第一廠）

德州南運河污水處理項目

Beijing Daxing Tiantanghe Waste Water Treatment Project

Binzhou Development Zone Waste Water Treatment Project

北京大興區天堂河污水處理項目

濱州開發區污水處理項目

Nanjing Liuhe Waste Water Treatment Project

Suzhou Wuzhong Chengnan Waste Water Treatment Project

南京六合污水處理項目

蘇州吳中城南污水處理項目

Lianyungang Dapu Waste Water Treatment Project

Nanjing Pukou Industrial Waste Water Treatment

連雲港大浦污水處理項目

南京浦口工業廢水處理項目

Jiangyin Waste Water Treatment Project

Xinyi Economic Development Zone Waste Water Treatment Project

江陰污水處理項目

新沂經濟開發區廢水處理項目

Dalian Quanshui Waste Water Treatment Project

Dalian Malanhe Waste Water Treatment Project

大連泉水污水處理項目

大連市馬欄河污水處理項目

Dalian Siergou Waste Water Treatment Project

Dalian Chunliuhe Waste Water Treatment Project

大連寺兒溝污水處理項目

大連春柳河污水處理項目

As at 31 December 2019, the Group had a total of 20 projects that were opened to the public. 

截至二零一九年十二月三十一日，本集團共有20個項目向公衆開放。


87

Community Engagement

社區參與

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司





Ji’nan Waste Water Treatment Project

Dalian Siergou Waste Water Treatment Project

濟南污水處理項目 

大連寺兒溝污水處理項目 





Jiangyin Waste Water Treatment Project

江陰污水處理項目

Beijing Daxing Tiantanghe Waste Water 

Treatment Project

 

北京大興區天堂河污水處理項目 

 
















88

Community Engagement

社區參與

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司













 



















Lianyungang Dapu Waste Water Treatment Project

Zhangqiu Waste Water Treatment Project

連雲港大浦污水處理項目 

章丘污水處理項目 





Dezhou Nanyunhe Waste Water Treatment Project

Xianyang Waste Water Treatment Project

德州南運河污水處理項目 

咸陽污水處理項目 


89

Community Engagement

社區參與

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司











Ji’nan Waste Water Treatment Project received a number of 

recognitions, such as the “First Batch of Water Treatment 

Facilities Opened to Public in the Nation” , “National 

Science Popularisation and Education Hub”, “National 

Environmental Education and Social Practice Hub for 

Primary and Secondary School Students”, “Shandong 

Provincial Environmental Education Hub” and the first 

batch of “Shandong Provincial Environmental and Science 

Popularisation Hub”. The project has remained open to 

the community for many years and receives about 10,000 

visitors every year. Since 2018, the project company 

has designated each Friday as open days and offered 

free professional explanations about the environmental 

protection facilities and green living life style. Ji’nan 

Waste Water Treatment Project has become one of the 

top picks by local universities, technical institutions, as 

well as secondary and primary schools to gain practical 

experience and education on environmental protection.

濟南污水處理項目作為「全國首批公眾開

放水處理設施」、「全國科普教育基地」、

「全國中小學環保教育社會實踐基地」、

「山東省環境教育基地」及山東省第一批

「省級環保科普基地」，多年來堅持對社會

開放，每年接待公眾近萬人次，更於二零

一八年將每週五定為公眾開放日，向公眾

就環保設施和綠色生活提供免費的專業講

解。濟南污水處理項目已成為當地大學、

專業院校及中小學進行環保實踐、接受環

保教育的首選地之一。


90

Community Engagement

社區參與

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Beijing Daxing Tiantanghe Waste Water Treatment 

Project Resolves “Not in My Back Yard (“NIMBY”) 

Syndrome”

北京大興區天堂河污水處理項目化解「鄰

避效應」



Beijing Daxing Tiantanghe Waste Water Treatment Project 

has remained open to the public since it commenced 

operation. It accepts visits, study tours, as well as 

exchanges from different groups every year. It has a 

relatively more solid foundation for public opening. During 

the Reporting Period, the project company implemented 

the following measures to further resolve the “NIMBY 

Syndrome”:

北京大興區天堂河污水處理項目從運營

起初就已經面向公眾開放，每年接受不同

團體的參觀、考察、交流等活動，具有較

好的公眾開放基礎。於報告期內，為了令

項目更能化解「鄰避效應」，項目公司實

施了以下措施：

Factory Appearance

Odour Management

Noise Control

Emission Indicators

經得起看

經得起聞

經得起聽

經得起測

 

 

 

 

 Built a garden-like 

factory with over 100 

saplings being planted 

to create and improve 

the green environment 

of the factory

打造和提升廠區綠化環

境，綠化補種樹苗100

餘棵，建設花園式廠區

 Paid attention to 

the management of 

ventilation equipment and 

strengthened emergency 

preparedness and response 

plans and skills training

重視通風裝置管理， 

加強應急預案和技能培訓

 Blower equipment was 

installed with pipeline 

“protection” facilities 

to enhance operational 

efficiency

鼓風機設備加裝管路

「保護」設施，提高設備

運行效率

 Strengthened the operations 

management and compliance 

responsibility, and enhanced 

the online monitoring and 

management system for 

effluents

加強運管達標責任制管理， 

完善出水線上監測管理制度

 Appointed a person-in-charge 

and a contact person for 

equipment maintenance

明確了設備維護 

責任人及聯絡人

Beijing Daxing Tiantanghe Waste Water Treatment 

Project will continue its improvement and optimisation, 

enhancement of public opening work, promotion of 

environmental protection in the community, and upgrading 

of its environmental protection facilities.

北京大興區天堂河污水處理項目將不斷

優化、提升公眾開放工作，推進環保宣傳

進社區與環保設施更新改造。


91

Community Engagement

社區參與

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Series of Activities on the "World Environment Day" on 5 June

六月五日「世界環境日」系列活動 

During the “World Environment Day” event on 5 June 2019, the Group’s project companies in 

various regions proactively co-operated with the local governments and related organisations 

in organising various activities with the theme of environmental protection.

二零一九年六月五日的「世界環境日」活動中，本集團旗下位於各地的項目公司積極聯合當

地政府及相關機構，組織了別開生面的環保主題活動。

Environmental Promotion and Display of Samples

環保宣傳和樣品展示

On 5 June 2019, Everbright Water and the Ecology and Environment Bureau of Nanjing Pukou 

District jointly organised the “Everbright Water 2019 World Environment Day Environmental 

Protection Commemoration” with the theme of “Devoted to Ecology and Environment for a 

Beautiful China”. Related officials from the Government of Nanjing Pukou District and more 

than 200 teachers, students and environmentalists were invited to the event. The event was a 

major activity for Everbright Water to fulfil social responsibility on the topic of environmental 

protection. 

The Group also organised special environmental protection activities such as “Nanning Project 

Company Guarding the Yongjiang Mother River”, “Beijing Project Company CYTS Charity 

Summer Camp”, “Sanmenxia Project Company Singing on Environment Day”, and “Suzhou 

Project Company Bringing Science Popularisation to the Community”, etc. These activities 

aimed at promoting the concept of “Protecting the Environment for a Beautiful Home” to the 

young generation through a variety of means. 

Activities on the "World Environment Day" included “Little Eco-Guide” environmental 

protection keynote speech and environmental knowledge competitions. Water purification 

system was specially set up to allows guests, teachers and students to better understand 

the entire process of purifying waste water. Guests and children also joined hands to 

post Everbright Water’s “Endangered Marine Life Conservation Charity Postcard” into the 

designated mailbox for the event to wish for a decent ecological environment.

二零一九年六月五日，光大水務攜手南京市浦口區生態環境局共同舉辦主題為「情繫生態環

境，築夢美麗中國」的「光大水務2019世界環境日環保主題紀念活動」，並邀請了南京浦口區

政府相關領導以及200多名在校師生和環保人士到場參加。是次活動是光大水務踐行社會責

任系列環保主題的主要活動。

本集團旗下更有「南寧項目公司守護邕江母親河」、「北京項目公司中青旅公益夏令營」、「三

門峽項目公司環境日以歌傳唱」、「蘇州項目公司科普社區」等特色環保宣傳活動。這些活動

旨在通過形式多樣的公益宣傳向青少年宣揚「愛護環境、美麗家園」的思想。

「世界環境日」的活動環節既有「小小生態講解員」環保主題演講，也有環保知識競賽，還專

門在現場設置了淨水裝置，讓參與活動的嘉賓和師生更加直觀地了解到污水由濁變清的全

過程。活動結束後，嘉賓和小朋友們共同將光大水務「瀕危海洋生物保護公益明信片」投進

活動專用郵筒，表達大家對美好生態環境的嚮往。

CASE 

STORY

個案

分享


92

Community Engagement

社區參與

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Series of Activities on the "World Environment Day" on 5 June

六月五日「世界環境日」系列活動 

“Welcome In and Reaching Out”

「請進來、走出去」

From 28 May to 5 June 2019, Ji’nan Waste Water Treatment Project organised a series of 

“Welcome In and Reaching Out” activities where people from different social circles and the 

environmentalists were invited. The event displayed the principles and processes of waste 

water treatment and showcased the Group’s high-quality operation and management so 

as to raise public awareness of water conservation and demonstrate the Group’s social 

responsibility.

During the one-week event, the project company welcomed a total of 510 visitors, including 

students from primary schools, Ji’nan University and Shandong Jianzhu University and a group 

of about 50 environmental activists led by the Bureau of Ecology and Environment of Ji’nan 

City, Tianqiao Branch. The Group also actively “Reached Out” and contacted teachers from 

Ji’nan Yangguang Yibai Primary School to initiate the “Environmental Protection Campaigns in 

Classrooms” event for more than 240 third grade students. Each visit to the project company 

was strictly conducted according to the Group’s policies on public opening with tailored 

displays, demonstrations and explanations.

濟南污水處理項目自二零一九年五月二十八日至六月五日期間組織開展了「請進來、走出

去」系列主題活動，邀請社會各界人士與環保人士參與。此次活動展示了污水處理的原理和

過程，展現了本集團的高品質運營管理，提升了市民珍惜水資源的意識，彰顯了企業責任和

社會擔當。

在一周的活動時間內，項目公司共接待社會各界人士510人進行參觀訪問，當中包括小學生、

濟南大學和山東建築大學的學生以及濟南生態環境局天橋分局帶領的50餘位環保工作者等。

本集團更積極「走出去」，主動聯繫濟南市陽光壹佰小學老師，對三年級240餘位同學開展了

環保宣傳「進課堂」活動。每次接待訪客均嚴格按照本集團公眾開放要求進行，並針對不同

參觀人群有區別、有重點地展示、講解和答疑。





CASE 

STORY

個案

分享


93

Community Engagement

社區參與

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Environmental Science Popularisation Community Activities

環保科普進社區活動

During the year under review, five environmental volunteers from Beijing Daxing Tiantanghe 

Waste Water Treatment Project went to Tiangongyuan community in Daxing District of Beijing 

and initiated the environmental science and popularisation promotion activities for the “World 

Environment Day” on 5 June. The volunteers investigated and analysed the situation of the 

community in advance to design tailored activities for the elderly community. They created 

slogans on waste water treatment knowledge by using simple and vivid wordings to promote 

scientific knowledge, and demonstrated the effect of waste water treatment by comparing the 

samples of incoming water with effluents.

於回顧年度內，北京大興區天堂河污水處理項目的五名環保志願者，走入北京市大興區天

宮院社區開展六月五日「世界環境日」環保科普宣傳活動。環保志願者們提前進社區調查分

析，針對社區受眾年齡偏大的實際情況，他們將宣傳詞和污水處理知識串聯起來，用簡潔、

生動的語言宣傳科普知識；用進、出水水質實物對比，直觀展示污水處理效果。



On Mother’s Day, Ji’nan Waste Water Treatment Project Company held a special public visit 

event with the theme of “Joining Hands with Mothers and Devoted to Ecology”. Employees’ 

mothers and spouses were invited to visit the waste water treatment plant. During the 

visit, they were introduced to the treatment process of the plant and watched the science 

popularisation video related to Ji’nan Project.

在母親節當天，濟南污水處理項目公司舉辦了以「牽手母親，生態築夢」為主題的特殊公眾

開放活動，邀請員工的母親與配偶參觀污水處理廠。在參觀過程中，員工為他們介紹了污水

處理廠的處理工藝，觀看了有關濟南項目的科普宣傳片。


94

Community Engagement

社區參與

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Series of Activities on the "World Environment Day" on 5 June

六月五日「世界環境日」系列活動 



In July 2019, “little news reporters” from Zhangqiu Morning Post visited Zhangqiu Waste Water 

Treatment Project for an interview. They witnessed the transformation of waste water to clean 

water and had a better understanding of waste water treatment.

二零一九年七月，章丘晨報的「新聞小記者」走進章丘污水處理項目進行參觀採訪，見證污

水變成清水的過程，讓小記者們對污水處理有了更加直觀的了解。



Nanjing Project Company welcomed various visiting groups, including a group of over 600 

young pioneers members from the “Red Scarfs in Search of the Great Footprint of New China 

Study Tour”. The project company also received a group of over 40 students from Nanjing 

Nanhua Experimental Primary School and launched the event themed “Increasing Blue Sky 

Days, Protecting Clean Water, and Presenting Gifts to Environmental Pioneers”. Nanjing Project 

Company received recognitions from the community, a thank-you letter from the visiting 

groups, as well as an “Environmental Protection Pioneer” plaque from the visiting group.

南京項目公司接待了多個參觀團體，包括「紅領巾尋訪新中國偉大足跡少先隊小幹部研學

團」的共約600餘人。另外項目公司亦接待了來自南京南化實驗小學的40餘名同學並開展「增

藍天，保清水，獻禮環保先鋒」的主題活動。南京項目公司取得了社會廣泛認可，並收到參觀

單位的感謝信和「環保先鋒」牌匾。

CASE 

STORY

個案

分享


95

Community Engagement

社區參與

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

有關二零一九年主要項目教育榮譽與主要科

技及環保教育活動詳情，請查看本報告第十

章。

建立共融社區

 

為確保本集團旗下項目與周邊環境及社區和

諧共處，本集團遵循相關的IFC指引和當地法

律與法規要求，積極推動社區參與，並將社會

關注點納入項目生命週期的整個階段，重點確

保對項目開發相關的搬遷安置工作按照適用

法律進行妥善管理，使受影響人士得到公平、

充分的補償和安置安排。

Please refer to chapter 10 of the Report for the details of 

projects with major education recognitions and major science, 

technology, and environmental education activities in 2019.

Building an Inclusive Community

 

In 2019

二零一九年

The Group participated in

本集團參與了

Total number of volunteers

義工總人數

12

charity events

次慈善公益活動

25

Total volunteer services hours

義務服務總時數

Charitable donations

捐款總金額

160

Hours

小時

HK$ 967,899.10 港元

To ensure the harmony between the Group’s projects and 

the surrounding environment and communities, the Group 

complies with the applicable IFC guidelines, local laws 

and regulatory requirements and promotes community 

participation. Social concerns are also included in the entire 

project life cycle, to ensure that any resettlement associated 

with the Group’s project development will be properly 

managed in compliance with applicable laws, and all affected 

people will receive fair and adequate compensation and 

rehabilitation.










96

Community Engagement

社區參與

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

在內部《對外捐贈、贊助管理辦法》的規範指

引下，本集團亦積極推動社會、經濟和環境共

融，使人們不會因年齡、性別、殘疾與否等因

素受到不公對待，為弱勢社群和有需要的人

士謀取福祉。此外，本集團一直對內宣揚互助

互愛、勇於承擔的精神，鼓勵並支持員工參與

各項公益活動，促進社區的平等共融，踐行企

業社會責任。

報告期內，本集團的員工身體力行參與各個

範疇的慈善及公益活動，包括自願籌款、到弱

勢群體家中進行探訪、進行義務勞動等等，義

工服務總時數達160小時。

Under the guidance of the internal Donations and Sponsorships 

Management Measures, the Group also actively promotes 

social, economic and environmental inclusion to prevent unfair 

treatment due to factors such as age, gender, disability, and to 

ensure the well-being of the underprivileged and the needy. In 

addition, the Group has always upheld the spirits of embracing 

mutual help and love and undertaking responsibility. The Group 

also encourages its employees to participate in charitable 

events to promote social inclusion and fulfill corporate social 

responsibility.

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s employees spent 

a total of 160 hours in various kinds of philanthropic and 

charitable events, including voluntary fund-raising, visiting 

underprivileged families, voluntary duty service, etc.



In November 2019, Nanjing Waste Water Treatment 

Project participated in “Love and Share” charitable 

book donation event initiated by the relevant 

government authorities of Pukou District.

二零一九年十一月，南京污水處理項目參與浦口區

相關政府部門倡議的「愛心分享 ·共沐書香」公益圖

書捐贈活動。



During the Reporting Period, employees from Zibo 

Waste Water Treatment Project joined volunteers 

from Beijing, Hunan and Heilongjiang provinces 

to distribute cotton coats and school supplies for 

underprivileged children. They also sang with the 

children to encourage them in their studies and 

kindle their hope.

報告期內，淄博污水處理項目的員工與來自北京、

湖南、黑龍江等省份的義工給貧困學童發放棉衣和

學習用品，並與學童一起唱歌，鼓勵孩子努力學習，

為他們燃點希望。


China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司



97

Devoted to Achieving Sustainable Development Goals

致力實踐可持續發展目標

I

n 2015, the United Nations adopted the 2030 Agenda 

for Sustainable Development, which included 17 SDGs 

and emphasised the need to achieve overall sustainable 

development. Everbright Water is an enterprise focusing on 

environmental water management and aquatic ecosystem 

protection, with an aim to improve the water environment 

and alleviate the water resource crisis in China. The Group’s 

vision is aligned with the SDGs. In the future, the Group will 

continue playing a proactive role in implementing various SDGs 

through leveraging on its innovative technology to operate 

various kinds of environmental projects, as well as organising 

and participating in volunteering events. The summary below 

depicts how the Group’s operational policies and activities are 

closely related to the SDGs.

Environment 

環境

Ensure healthy lives and 

promote well-being for all at 

all ages

確保健康的生活方式，促進各年齡

段人群的福祉

3.9

By 2030, to substantially 

reduce the number of deaths 

and illnesses from hazardous 

chemicals and air, water and soil 

pollution and contamination.

到二零三零年，大幅減少危險化學

品以及空氣、水和土壤污染導致的

死亡和患病人數。

Everbright Water’s Operations

光大水務的業務

The effluent discharged from most of the Group’s waste 

water treatment plants complies with Grade 1A standard of 

Discharge Standard of Pollutants for Municipal Wastewater 

Treatment Plant (GB18918-2002).

本集團大部分污水處理廠的出水均符合《城鎮污水處理廠

污染物排放標準》(GB18918-2002)的一級A標準。

聯

合國於 二零一五 年通過 二零三零

年可持續發展議程，內容包括17項

SDGs，強調要全面達至整體可持續

發展。光大水務是一家專注於水環境治理及

水生態保護的企業，旨在改善中國水環境並

協助緩解水資源短缺危機。本集團的願景與

SDGs一致，未來將繼續以創新的技術運營各

類環保項目，並透過開展及參與義工和慈善

活動等落實SDGs。以下概要描述了本集團

的運營方針與本集團的活動如何與該等目標

相關。


98

Devoted to Achieving Sustainable Development Goals

致力實踐可持續發展目標

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Ensure availability and 

sustainable management of 

water and sanitation for all

為所有人提供水和環境衛生並對

其進行可持續管理

6.4

By 2030, to substantially increase 

water-use efficiency across all 

sectors and ensure sustainable 

withdrawals and supply of 

freshwater to address water 

scarcity and substantially reduce 

the number of people suffering 

from water scarcity.

到二零三零年，所有行業大幅提高

用水效率，確保可持續取用和供應

淡水，以解決缺水問題，大幅減少

缺水人數。

Everbright Water’s Operations

光大水務的業務

The Group treated a total of approximately 1,433,805,000 m3 

of waste water and produced approximately 17,652,000 m3 

of reusable water in 2019.

本集團於二零一九年共處理了約1,433,805,000立方米的污

水和生產了約17,652,000立方米的回用水。

Build resilient infrastructure, 

promote inclusive and 

sustainable industrialisation 

and foster innovation

建造具備抵禦災害能力的基礎設

施，促進具有包容性的可持續工業

化，推動創新

9.4

By 2030, to upgrade infrastructure 

and retrofit industries to make 

them sustainable, with increased 

resource-use efficiency and 

greater adoption of clean 

and environmentally sound 

technologies and industrial 

processes, with all countries 

taking actions in accordance with 

their respective capabilities.

到二零三零年，所有國家根據自身

能力採取行動，升級基礎設施，改

進工業以提升其可持續性，提高資

源使用效率，更多採用清潔和環保

技術及產業流程。

Everbright Water’s Operations

光大水務的業務

Ji’nan Huashan Waste Water Treatment Project, the 

Group’s first fully underground waste water treatment 

project, commenced operation in August 2018. The project 

conserves valuable land resources.

本集團首個全地下式污水處理項目－濟南華山水質淨化項

目於二零一八年八月正式投運，節省了寶貴的土地資源。


99

Devoted to Achieving Sustainable Development Goals

致力實踐可持續發展目標

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Make cities and human 

settlements inclusive, safe, 

resilient and sustainable

建設包容、安全、有抵禦災害能力

和可持續的城市和人類住區

11.6

By 2030, to reduce the adverse per 

capita environmental impact of 

cities, including by paying special 

attention to air quality, municipal 

and other waste management.

到二零三零年，減少城市的人均負

面環境影響，包括特別關注空氣質

量，以及城市廢物管理等。

Everbright Water’s Operations

光大水務的業務

During the Reporting Period, the Group expanded its 

business to raw water protection, and committed to 

optimising the source of water intake and protecting 

precious ecological wetlands and drinking water resources.

報告期內，本集團將業務拓展至原水保護領域，致力優化

取水水源，保護珍貴的生態濕地與食水資源。

Ensure sustainable 

consumption and production 

patterns

採用可持續的消費和生產模式

12.2

By 2030, to achieve sustainable 

management and efficient use of 

natural resources.

到二零三零年，實現自然資源的可

持續管理和高效利用。

Everbright Water’s Operations

光大水務的業務

The Group engages qualified third-parties to turn sludge into 

useful materials for the production of compost, construction 

material, or energy recovery via incineration so as to reduce 

the environmental impact.

本集團聘請具有資質第三方把污泥回收加工以作堆肥、建

材利用，或透過焚燒回收能源，從而減低其對環境的影響。

Take urgent action to combat 

climate change and its 

impacts

採取緊急行動應對氣候變化及 

其影響

13.1

To strengthen resilience and 

adaptive capacity to climate-

related hazards and natural 

disasters in all countries.

加強各國抵禦和適應氣候相關的

災害和自然災害的能力。

Everbright Water’s Operations

光大水務的業務

The Group’s waste water treatment project in Qingdao 

generates green electricity with biogas produced from 

sludge treatment so as to replace the consumption of fossil 

fuel and offset GHG emissions. The Group’s operations 

offset 10,263.88 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent 

emissions in 2019.

本集團位於青島的污水處理項目利用污泥處理時所產生的

沼氣產生綠色電力，以代替化石燃料的使用，從而抵消了

溫室氣體排放。二零一九年，本集團的運營共抵消10,263.88

噸二氧化碳排放當量。


100

Devoted to Achieving Sustainable Development Goals

致力實踐可持續發展目標

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Conserve and sustainably use 

the oceans, seas and marine 

resources for sustainable 

development

保護和可持續利用海洋和海洋 

資源以促進可持續發展

14.1

By 2025, to prevent and 

significantly reduce marine 

pollution of all kinds, particularly 

from land-based activities, 

including marine debris and 

nutrient pollution.

到二零二五年，預防和大幅減少各

類海洋污染，特別是陸上活動造成

的污染，包括海洋廢棄物污染和營

養鹽污染。

Everbright Water’s Operations

光大水務的業務

In an effort to protect the marine ecosystem, the Group 

ensures that all effluents discharged to seas are effectively 

treated in strict compliance with relevant discharge 

standards.

本集團確保其排放至大海的排放水均經過高效的污水處

理，並嚴格滿足相關排放要求，從而保護海洋生態。

Protect, restore and promote 

sustainable use of terrestrial 

ecosystems, sustainably 

manage forests, combat 

desertification, and halt and 

reverse land degradation and 

halt biodiversity loss

保護、恢復和促進可持續利用陸地

生態系統，可持續管理森林，防治

荒漠化，制止和扭轉土地退化，遏

制生物多樣性的喪失

15.1

By 2020, to ensure the 

conservation, restoration and 

sustainable use of terrestrial and 

inland freshwater ecosystems 

and their services, in particular, 

forests, wetlands, mountains and 

drylands, in line with obligations 

under international agreements.

到二零二零年，根據國際協議規定

的義務，保護、恢復和可持續利用

陸地和內陸的淡水生態系統及其

服務，特別是森林、濕地、山麓和

旱地。

Everbright Water’s Operations

光大水務的業務

The Group’s river-basin ecological restoration projects 

improve the health of river ecosystems, including riparian 

habitats. The Group’s completed river ecological restoration 

works and those in preparatory stage are expected to 

conserve a total of 22 km2 of riparian zone.

本集團的流域治理項目改善和強健河道生態系統，其中包

括河岸棲息地。目前本集團已完成及正在籌備的河道生態

治理工程將累計保育22平方公里的河岸棲息地。


101

Devoted to Achieving Sustainable Development Goals

致力實踐可持續發展目標

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Social 

社會

Ensure healthy lives and 

promote well-being for all at  

all ages

確保健康的生活方式，促進各 

年齡段人群的福祉

3.9

By 2030, to substantially 

reduce the number of deaths 

and illnesses from hazardous 

chemicals and air, water, and soil 

pollution and contamination.

到二零三零年，大幅減少危險

化學品以及空氣、水和土壤污

染導致的死亡和患病人數。

Everbright Water’s Operations

光大水務的業務

The Group launches “Safe Production Month”, formulates 

relevant safety standards and guidelines and provides 

various trainings on relevant laws and regulations. These 

initiatives ensure prevention of accidental release of 

pollutants that could post a threat to public health.

本集團通過開展「安全生產月」系列活動、制定相關

標準和指引、開展相關法律法規專題培訓。此等舉措

確保避免污染物的泄漏，以保障公眾健康。

Ensure inclusive and equitable 

quality education and 

promote lifelong learning 

opportunities for all

確保包容和公平的優質教育， 

讓全民終身享有學習機會

4.4

By 2030, to substantially increase 

the number of youth and adults 

who have relevant skills, including 

technical and vocational skills, 

for employment, decent jobs and 

entrepreneurship.

到二零三零年，大幅增加掌握

就業、體面工作和創業所需相

關技能，包括技術性和職業性

技能的青年和成年人數。

Everbright Water’s Operations

光大水務的業務

In order to promote environmental education, the Group 

continuously opens more environmental protection facilities 

to the public. During the year under review, the Group 

received 19,244 visitors in more than 870 batches.

為了推動環保教育，本集團不斷加強環保設施公眾開

放。於回顧年度內，本集團的項目共接待19,244名參

觀人士，逾870批次。


102

Devoted to Achieving Sustainable Development Goals

致力實踐可持續發展目標

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Achieve gender equality and 

empower all women and girls

實現性別平等，增強所有婦女和 

女童的權能

5.1

To end all forms of discrimination 

against women and girls 

everywhere.

在全球消除對婦女和女童一切

形式的歧視。

Everbright Water’s Operations

光大水務的業務

The Group ensures that its human resources management 

structure (including compensation, training opportunity and 

promotion opportunity) is not gender-biased, in order to 

achieve gender equality.

本集團力求人力資源管理架構（如薪酬水平，培訓機

會及晉升機會）不受性別所限，實現男女性別平等。

Promote sustained, inclusive 

and sustainable economic 

growth, full and productive 

employment and decent work 

for all

促進持久、包容和可持續經濟 

增長，促進充分的生產性就業和 

人人獲得體面工作

8.2

To achieve higher levels of 

economic productivity through 

diversification, technological 

upgrading and innovation, 

including through a focus on high 

value-added and labour-intensive 

sectors.

通過多樣化經營、技術升級和

創新，包括重點發展高附加值

和勞動密集型行業，實現更高

水平的經濟生產力。

Everbright Water’s Operations

光大水務的業務

Through investment, construction and operation of 

advanced waste water treatment projects, the Group 

facilitates the development of the downstream industry 

in sludge transportation and treatment, forming a 

comprehensive and sustainable water treatment industrial 

chain.

本集團透過投資、建造及運營先進的污水處理項目，

帶動了下游污泥運輸及處置行業，形成完整的可持續

水處理產業鏈。


103

Devoted to Achieving Sustainable Development Goals

致力實踐可持續發展目標

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Reduce inequality within and 

among countries

減少國家內部和國家之間的 

不平等

10.2

By 2030, to empower and promote 

the social, economic and political 

inclusion of all, irrespective of 

age, sex, disability, race, ethnicity, 

origin, religion or economic or 

other status.

到 二 零 三 零 年，增 強 所 有 人

的權能，促進他們融入社會、

經濟和政治生活，而不論其年

齡、性別、殘疾與否、種族、民

族、出身、宗教信仰、經濟地位

或其他任何區別。

Everbright Water’s Operations

光大水務的業務

The Group pays special attention and adopts measures to 

ensure that its operations do not affect the dignity, rights, 

livelihood, or culture of indigenous peoples. Local ethnic 

minorities and Han majority are respected and treated 

equally.

本集團特別關注採取措施以確保項目運營不會影響

原住民族的尊嚴、權利、生計或文化。當地少數民族

和漢族在工作上均受到同樣尊重和對待。


104

Devoted to Achieving Sustainable Development Goals

致力實踐可持續發展目標

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

本集團的長遠目標

Long-Term Targets of the Group

Aspect

範疇

Target

目標

 

 

Economic Performance

To create long-term and sustainable economic growth

經濟績效

創造長遠及可持續的經濟增長

 

 

Market Presence

To continuously increase market share

市場表現

不斷提高市場佔有率

 

 

Material and Resource Usage

To reduce resource consumption through efficiency 

enhancement

物料及資源利用

提升生產效率從而降低資源消耗

 

 

Waste Water Treatment and Sludge 

Treatment and Disposal

To provide high-quality water environment management 

services and minimise the environmental impacts arising from 

operations

污水處理及污泥處理處置

提供高質素的水環境綜合治理服務，將運營的環境影響減至

最低

 

 

Climate Resilience

To incorporate climate considerations into project planning

氣候抗禦

將氣候考量納入項目規劃中

 

 

Employee Welfare and Protection

To safeguard the development of the Group’s talents

員工福利及保障

為人才在本集團的發展提供妥善保障

 

 

Energy Efficiency

To continuously reduce energy consumption of operating 

projects and actively explore various energy-saving solutions

能源效益

持續減少運營項目的能源消耗，積極探索各種節能方案

 

 

Disaster and Emergency Planning and 

Response

To reduce the number of unplanned shutdowns at operating 

projects

災難及應急預案規劃

降低運營項目非計劃停運的次數

 

 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

To eliminate any forms of discrimination based on gender, race 

and religion, etc. and provide the employees with an inclusive 

workplace

多元化及平等機會

杜絕任何性別、種族及宗教等形式的歧視，為員工提供一個

共融的工作環境

 

 

Customers’ Health and Safety

To strictly comply with relevant effluent discharge standards 

of waste water treatment projects, thus reducing public health 

risks

顧客健康與安全

嚴格遵守污水處理項目的相關出水水質標準，從而降低公眾

的健康風險

 

 

Social Compliance

To strictly comply with relevant local social regulations and 

ensure that the Group is not involved in any misconducts, such 

as: bribery, extortion and money laundering, etc.

社會法規的遵循

嚴格遵守項目所在地區的相關社會法規，確保本集團沒有涉

及賄賂、勒索或洗黑錢等不當行為

 

 

Procurement Practices

To conduct supplier risk assessment on more suppliers

採購實務

為更多供應商進行供應商風險評估

 

 


105

Devoted to Achieving Sustainable Development Goals

致力實踐可持續發展目標

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

可持續發展的主要目標如下：

Major Sustainable Development Targets:

Aspect

2020 Target

Long-Term Target (2030)

範疇

二零二零年目標

長遠目標（二零三零年）

 

 

 

Occupational 

Health and Safety

To maintain the rate of work-related 

injuries of employees below the 

level of 0.25

To maintain the rate of work-related injuries of 

employees at an average level of 0.25 or below 

throughout the period of 2020-2030

職業健康與安全

員工工傷率維持低於0.25水平

員工工傷率於二零二零至二零三零年間平均維

持於0.25或以下水平

 

 

 

Discharge 

Compliance

To maintain zero substantial non-

compliance case in relation to 

effluent discharge

To maintain zero substantial non-compliance 

case in relation to effluent discharge 

consistently throughout the period of 2020-2030

排放合規

有關排放的嚴重違規個案維持於零

宗

有關排放的嚴重違規個案於二零二零至二零三

零年間持續維持於零宗

 

 

 

Employment 

Practice

To maintain zero case in relation 

to slavery, forced and bonded 

labour, child labour and abusive 

employment practices

To maintain zero case in relation to slavery, 

forced and bonded labour, child labour and 

abusive employment practices consistently 

throughout the period of 2020-2030

僱傭行為

有關任何奴役、強迫勞動、抵押勞

工、使用童工及虐待行為維持於零宗

有關任何奴役、強迫勞動、抵押勞工、使用童工

及虐待行為於二零二零至二零三零年間持續維

持於零宗

 

 

 


China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司



106

Major Recognitions, Awards and Memberships

主要嘉許、獎項及會籍

Received Various Awards in the Aspect of Corporate 

Social Responsibility

W

ith the Group’s solid operating results and continued 

efforts in fulfilling social and environmental 

responsibilities, the Group was admitted to the list 

of “Centurion Club” under the service sector organised by The 

Edge Singapore, an influential financial magazine in Singapore. 

In the meantime, the Group received the “Best of Social 

Responsibility Award” at the 2019 China Corporate Elites Award 

Ceremony in Hong Kong and awarded the “Sustainability 

Winner” under the Mid-Cap category in the “Investors’ 

Choice Awards” 2019 organised by the Securities Investors 

Association (Singapore) in recognition of its excellence in 

sustainability.

Projects with Major Education Recognitions in 2019

Project

項目

Recognition

殊榮

 

 

Suzhou Wuzhong Chengnan 

Waste Water Treatment Plant

蘇州吳中城南污水處理項目

Science Popularisation and Education Hub

科普教育基地

Talent Development Hub

人才培養基地

Civilised Etiquette Cultivation, Education and Practices Base for Minors

未成年人文明禮儀養成教育實踐基地

 

 

Zhangqiu Waste Water 

Treatment Project

章丘污水處理項目

Ji’nan Municipal Environmental Education Hub

濟南市環境教育基地

 

 

Ji’nan Waste Water 

Treatment Project

濟南污水處理項目

Everbright International’s Talent Development Hub in 2019

二零一九年光大國際人才培養基地

 

 

Sanmenxia Waste 

Water Treatment Project

三門峽污水處理項目

Henan Provincial Environmental Education Hub

河南省環境教育基地

 

 

Dezhou Nanyunhe Waste 

Water Treatment Project

德州南運河污水處理項目

Practices Base for Ecological Civilisation Development

生態文明建設實踐基地

 

 

於企業社會責任範疇屢獲殊榮 

本

集團憑籍著穩健的經營業績以及在

企業社會責任、環境責任、可持續發

展等方面的不懈努力和貢獻，在新加

坡權威財經媒體The Edge Singapore年度「百

夫長俱樂部」評選中獲頒服務類行業「最佳企

業」殊榮。與此同時，憑藉在可持續發展方面

的卓越表現，本集團於香港二零一九年中國

企業精英頒獎禮中榮獲「最具社會責任獎」，

於新加坡證券投資者協會二零一九年度「投資

者之選」獎項評選中獲得「可持續發展大獎」

（中型股類別）。

二零一九年主要項目教育榮譽


107

Major Recognitions, Awards and Memberships

主要嘉許、獎項及會籍

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

光大水務參與的主要協會 

二零一九年對各協會的總經濟貢獻為人民幣

205,000元。

Major Associations Participated by Everbright 

Water

Major Associations 

Participated by 

Everbright Water

光大水務參與的主要協會

Highlighted Activities in 2019

二零一九年重點活動

 

 

E20 Environmental Platform

E20環境平台

Admitted into “Top 10 Influential Enterprises in the Water Industry of China” 

for 2019

入選二零一九年度「中國水業十大影響力企業」

 

 

Urban Water Supply Branch of 

Shandong Urban Construction 

Management Association

山東省城市建設管理協會城鎮

供排水分會

Attended the second Shandong Urban Construction Expo and the first 

members’ meeting of the Shandong Urban Water Supply Association on 

9 September 2019

二零一九年九月九日參加第二屆山東省城市建設博覽會暨山東省城鎮供

排水協會第一屆會員大會

 

 

Shandong Urban Construction 

Management Association

山東省城市建設管理協會

Participated in the “2019 Selection of Excellent Organisations and 

Individuals for the Urban Water Supply and Drainage Industry of Shandong 

Province” in December 2019

二零一九年十二月參與「二零一九年山東省城鎮供排水行業先進集體和

個人評選」

 

 

Shandong Urban Water Supply 

Association

山東省城鎮供排水協會

Attended the first members’ meeting in September 2019

二零一九年九月參加第一屆會員大會

 

 

Jiangsu Civil Engineering &amp; 

Architectural Society

徐州市土木建築學會

Attended annual meeting

參加年會

 

 

Ji’nan Association for Science 

and Technology

濟南市科學技術協會

Participated in the “National Science Popularisation Day” activities on  

18 September 2019

二零一九年九月十八日參加「全國科普日」活動

 

 

Ji’nan Urban Water Supply and 

Drain Association

濟南市城鎮供水排水協會

Attended the first Session of the fourth Ji’nan Council Meeting in February 

2019

二零一九年二月參加濟南市水協第四屆一次會議

 

 

Qingdao Municipal Water 

Supply, Conservation and 

Drainage Association

青島市城鎮供水節水排水協會

Attended members’ meeting in 2019

參加二零一九年會員大會

 

 

Drainage Branch of Wuxi 

Municipal Public Utility 

Association

無錫市市政公用協會排水分會

Attended annual meeting in May 2019

二零一九年五月參加年會

 

 

Jiangyin Society for 

Environmental Sciences

江陰市環境科學學會

Attended annual meeting in March 2019

二零一九年三月參加年會

 

 

Jiangyin Waste Water Treatment 

Industry Association

江陰市污水處理行業分會

Attended relevant meetings

參加會議

 

 

Total economic contributions to the major associations in 2019 

amounted to RMB205,000.


China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司



108





108

Verification Statement

審核聲明


109

Verification Statement

審核聲明

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司




China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司



110

Key Statistics

主要數據

Economic Performance

2019

2018

2017

HK$’000

HK$’000

HK$’000

港元千元

港元千元

港元千元

Direct Economic Value Generated

產生的直接經濟價值

Revenue

收入

5,550,773

4,768,318

3,591,633

Other income and gains, net

其他收入及收益淨額

113,465

140,583

129,809

Share of profits of associates

所佔聯營公司盈利

614

422

158

Economic Value Distributed

分配的經濟價值

Staff costs

員工開支

343,291

283,240

235,902

Other costs (1)

其他成本(1)

3,693,877

3,210,445

2,316,973

Net finance costs

財務費用淨額

334,939

273,480

228,928

Dividends

股息

212,180

151,863

77,003

Taxes (2)

稅項(2)

156,657

144,123

114,432

Profit attributed to non-controlling interests

非控股權益應佔盈利

51,246

60,296

67,437

Charitable donations

慈善捐款

968

977

113

Economic Value Retained

留存的經濟價值

Retained for Everbright Water’s sustainable 

operation and development

留存作光大水務的可持續運營和發展

871,694

784,899

680,812

 

 

 

 

 

經濟表現


111

Key Statistics

主要數據

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

營運表現(3)

Operational Performance (3)

Unit

單位

2019

2018

2017

Total Designed Capacity

總設計規模

Waste water treatment

污水處理

m3/day

立方米╱日

5,141,600

3,865,000

3,835,000

Reusable water

中水回用

m3/day

立方米╱日

206,600

81,600

81,600

Water supply

供水

m3/day

立方米╱日

850,000

/

/

Business Performance

業務表現

Waste water treatment

污水處理

m3

立方米

1,433,805,000

1,271,248,000

1,187,615,000

COD reduction

COD減排

tonne

噸

325,441

356,000

319,000

Reusable water

中水回用

m3

立方米

17,652,000

16,299,000

11,061,000

GHG Emissions (4),(5),(6)

溫室氣體排放(4),(5),(6)

Scope 1 (Direct emissions)

範疇一（直接排放）

tCO2e

噸二氧化碳當量

5,727.71

13,824.33

12,429.37

Scope 2 (Energy indirect emissions)

範疇二（能源引致的 

 間接排放）

tCO2e

噸二氧化碳當量

283,335.27

344,070.87

257,971.75

Scope 3 (Other indirect emissions)

範疇三（其他間接排放）

tCO2e

噸二氧化碳當量

2,581.14

19,762.02

18,710.81

Total GHG emissions

溫室氣體排放總量

tCO2e

噸二氧化碳當量

291,644.12

377,657.22

289,111.93

GHG emission intensity

溫室氣體排放強度

kgCO2e/m3

公斤二氧化碳當量╱

立方米

0.20

0.30

0.24

GHG emissions offset

溫室氣體抵消量

tCO2e

噸二氧化碳當量

10,263.88

14,010.75

11,831.17

Net GHG emissions

淨溫室氣體排放量

tCO2e

噸二氧化碳當量

281,380.24

363,646.47

277,280.76

Net GHG emissions intensity

淨溫室氣體排放強度

kgCO2e/m3

公斤二氧化碳當量╱ 

立方米

0.20

0.29

0.23

Direct Energy Consumption (7)

直接能源消耗(7)

Non-renewable electricity

非再生能源電力

GJ

吉焦

1,695,500.70

1,517,802.25

1,235,648.96

Biogas

沼氣

GJ

吉焦

127,871.28

181,488.69

150,176.12

Natural gas

天然氣

GJ

吉焦

353.96

14.30

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

Diesel

柴油

GJ

吉焦

6,888.59

11,361.06

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

Gasoline

汽油

GJ

吉焦

7,098.23

27,977.04

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

Total energy consumed

總能源消耗

GJ

吉焦

1,837,712.77

1,738,643.34

1,385,825.08

Energy intensity

能源強度

kJ/m3

千焦╱立方米

1,281.70

1,367.67

1,276.38

Emission factor of GHG emissions  

due to electricity used for  

treating waste water

用於處理污水的電力消耗 

導致的溫室氣體排放的 

排放因子

 kgCO2e/m3

公斤二氧化碳當量╱ 

立方米

0.19

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

Water Consumption

耗水

Total fresh water consumed

總淡水耗水量

m3

立方米

1,766,558.40

1,230,188.43

957,192.48

Fresh water intensity

淡水耗水強度

m3/1,000 m3

立方米╱千立方米

1.23

0.97

0.81

 

 

 

 

 

 


112

Key Statistics

主要數據

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Unit

單位

2019

2018

2017

Key Materials Used

所用主要物料

Function

Material

用途

物料

Adsorbent

吸附劑

Pulverisd coal ash

粉煤灰

Tonne

噸

0

595.61

1,471.16

 

 

 

 

 

 

Biological treatment

生物處理

Magnetic powder

磁粉

Tonne

噸

231.77

273.21

1.83

 

 

 

 

 

 

Carbon source

碳源

Manure

糞土

Tonne

噸

142.74

0

557.50

Refined methanol

精甲醇

206.57

0

97.36

Sodium acetate

乙酸鈉

123,960.76

44,692.91

11,181.53

Waste methanol

廢甲醇

0

0

10.00

Glucose

葡萄糖

21,672.93

6,746.80

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

Activated Carbon

活性碳

52.50

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

Compound carbon source

複合碳源

158.79

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

Xylose

木糖

2,691.80

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

 

 

 

 

 

 

Chemical oxidiser

化學氧化劑

Hydrogen peroxide

雙氧水

Tonne

噸

10,097.46

8,873.98

3,758.79

Calcium hypochlorite

次氯酸鈣

1,497.09

2,350.83

2,773.12

Liquid Oxygen

液氧

7,549.47

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

 

 

 

 

 

 

Coagulant &amp; flocculant

凝結劑及絮凝劑

Ferrous sulphate

硫酸亞鐵

Tonne

噸

39,768.01

26,179.68

8,526.68

Ferric chloride

三氯化鐵

60,139.73

33,696.48

21,982.13

PAFC

聚合氯化鋁鐵

19,858.12

15,453.08

20,390.29

PFC

聚合氯化鐵

189.91

0

900.82

PFS

聚合硫酸鐵

30,276.69

33,765.22

32,206.39

Flocculant

絮凝劑

1,151.21

5,554.35

820.20

PAC

聚合氯化鋁

28,739.75

15,431.59

3,303.02

 

 

 

 

 

 


113

Key Statistics

主要數據

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Unit

單位

2019

2018

2017

Key Materials Used

所用主要物料

Disinfectant

消毒劑

Hypochlorous acid

次氯酸

Tonne

噸

0

13,842.86

9,702.41

Calcium hypochlorite

次氯酸鈉

19,093.01

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

Liquid Chlorine

液氯

0

661.12

92.16

Sodium chlorate

氯酸鈉

11.87

203.82

15.30

Disinfectant

消毒劑

37.48

24.47

20.17

Non-oxidising biocide

非氧化殺菌劑

1.21

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

Sodium dodecyl benzene 

sulfonate

十二烷基苯磺酸

0.04

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

EDTA

乙二胺四乙酸

1.25

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

 

 

 

 

 

 

pH adjustment

酸鹼調整

Citric acid

檸檬酸

Tonne

噸

101.68

38.66

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

Sodium carbonate

碳酸鈉

36.58

277.94

1,276.82

Sodium bicarbonate

碳酸氫鈉

36.04

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

Sodium phosphate

磷酸鈉

11.00

1.73

251.71

Sulphuric acid

硫酸

665.18

426.32

2,105.48

Lime

石灰

16,523.09

13,710.78

9,974.40

Sodium hydroxide

氫氧化鈉

4,449.73

3,265.29

1,167.58

Hydrochloric acid

鹽酸

3.15

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

Sodium tripolyphosphate

三聚磷酸鈉

2.65

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

Data 

not available

沒有相關數據

 

 

 

 

 

 

Other

其他

Tonne

噸

1,882.12

2,996.08

1,024.33

Sludge Generated

所產生的污泥

Sludge generated from waste  

water treatment projects

污水處理項目所產生的污泥

Tonne

936,000

855,000

698,000

Intensity

強度

Tonne/1,000 m3

噸╱千立方米

0.65

0.67

0.59

 

 

 

 

 

 


114

Key Statistics

主要數據

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

社會表現(3)

員工概況(8)

Social Performance (3)

Employee Profile (8)

2019

2018

2017

Total Number of Employees

員工總數

2,317

2,007

1,824

By Gender

按性別劃分

Male

男性

1,655

1,461

1,310

Female

女性

662

546

514

By Age

按年齡劃分

30 and below

30歲及以下

573

489

514

31 – 40

31 – 40歲

1,013

822

728

41 – 50

41 – 50歲

533

499

414

51 and above

51歲及以上

198

197

168

By Employee Ranking

按員工職級劃分

Senior management

高級管理人員

121

96

108

Middle-level management

中層管理人員

302

298

218

General and technical staff

一般及技術員工

1,894

1,613

1,498

By Geographical Region

按地區劃分

Hong Kong

香港

7

7

10

Singapore

新加坡

4

4

4

Mainland China

中國內地

2,306

1,996

1,810

Including: Local employees (9)

其中：本地員工(9)

2,093

1,799

1,620

Foreign employees (9)

外地員工(9)

224

208

204

By Ethnicity

按民族劃分

Han

漢族

2,246

1,954

1,784

Ethnic minorities

少數族裔

71

53

40

 

 

 

 

 


115

Key Statistics

主要數據

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

新聘及離職員工

New Employees and Employee Turnover

2019

2018

2017

Total number 

of persons

總人數

Percentage of 

employees in 

this category

佔該類別員工

百分比(%)

Total number 

of persons

總人數

Percentage of 

employees in 

this category

佔該類別員工

百分比(%)

Total number 

of persons

總人數

Percentage of 

employees in 

this category

佔該類別員工

百分比(%)

Total Number of New Hires

新聘員工總數

445

19.21

297

14.80

295

16.17

By Gender

按性別劃分

Male

男性

308

18.61

217

14.85

224

17.10

Female

女性

137

20.69

80

14.65

71

13.81

By Age

按年齡劃分

30 and below

30歲及以下

216

37.70

159

32.52

162

31.52

31 – 40

31 – 40歲

187

18.46

100

12.17

91

12.50

41 – 50

41 – 50歲

37

6.94

34

6.81

36

8.70

51 and above

51歲及以上

5

2.53

4

2.03

6

3.57

By Geographical Region

按地區劃分

Hong Kong

香港

0

0.00

2

28.57

1

10.00

Singapore

新加坡

1

25

0

0.00

1

25.00

Mainland China

中國內地

444

19.25

295

14.78

293

16.19

Including: Local employees (9)

其中：本地員工(9)

399

19.06

253

14.06

222

13.70

Foreign employees (9)

外地員工(9)

46

20.54

44

21.15

73

35.78

Total Number of Employee Turnover 

(Resignation/Retirement)

員工流失總數（離職╱退休）

148

6.39

188

9.37

138

7.57

By Gender

按性別劃分

Male

男性

105

6.34

133

9.10

96

7.33

Female

女性

43

6.50

55

10.07

42

8.17

By Age

按年齡劃分

30 and below

30歲及以下

39

6.81

53

10.84

46

8.95

31 – 40

31 – 40歲

55

5.43

57

6.93

37

5.08

41 – 50

41 – 50歲

26

4.88

27

5.41

22

5.31

51 and above

51歲及以上

28

14.14

51

25.89

33

19.64

By Geographical Region

按地區劃分

Hong Kong

香港

0

0.00

2

28.57

1

10.00

Singapore

新加坡

1

25.00

0

0.00

1

25.00

Mainland China

中國內地

147

6.37

186

9.32

136

7.51

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


116

Key Statistics

主要數據

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

培訓及發展

健康與安全

Training and Development

2019

2018

2017

Total Training Hours

總培訓時數

57,066.50

338,027.90

126,805.00

Average Training Hours Per Employee

平均員工培訓時數

24.63

168.42

69.52

By Gender

按性別劃分

Male

男性

24.89

159.89

66.03

Female

女性

23.97

191.25

78.41

By Employee Ranking

按員工職級劃分

Senior Management

高級管理人員

19.63

195.62

37.39

Middle-level management

中層管理人員

28.97

182.05

70.22

General and technical staff

一般及技術員工

24.26

164.29

71.73

 

 

 

 

 

Health and Safety

2019

2018

2017

Employee

員工

Number of work-related fatalities

因工死亡個案

0

0

0

Rate of work-related fatalities (10)

因工死亡率(10)

0

0

0

Number of occupational disease cases

職業病個案

0

0

0

Number of high-consequence work-related injuries 

(excluding fatalities) (11)

嚴重工傷個案（不包括死亡個案）(11)

0

0

0

Rate of high-consequence work-related injuries 

(excluding fatalities) (12)

嚴重工傷率（不包括死亡個案）(12)

0

0

0

Number of work-related injuries (13)

工傷個案(13)

2

1

2

Rate of work-related injuries (14)

工傷率(14)

0.09

0.05

0.22

Days of absence from work due to  

work-related injury

因工傷缺勤日數

52

3

113

Third-Party Contractors and Sub-contractors 

Working Onsite

第三方承包商及分包商駐場工人

Number of work-related fatalities

因工死亡個案

1

0

0

Rate of work-related fatalities (10)

因工死亡率(10)

0.34

0

0

Number of occupational disease cases

職業病個案

0

0

0

Number of high-consequence work-related  

injuries (excluding fatalities) (11)

嚴重工傷個案（不包括死亡個案）(11)

0

0

0

Rate of high-consequence work-related injuries 

(excluding fatalities) (12)

嚴重工傷率（不包括死亡個案）(12)

0

0

0

Number of work-related injuries(13)

工傷個案(13)

2

0

0

Rate of work-related injuries (14)

工傷率(14)

0.68

0

0

Days of absence from work due to work-related 

injury

因工傷缺勤日數

135

0

0

 

 

 

 

 


117

Key Statistics

主要數據

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

薪酬

Remuneration

2019

2018

2017

Annual Total Remuneration and ratio figures

年度總薪酬及比例數據

Total remuneration of the highest-paid  

individual (HK$)

最高薪人士的薪酬總額（港元）

4,360,000

3,957,400

4,502,400

The median of the total remuneration of  

all employees (excluding the highest-paid 

individual) (HK$)

全體員工薪酬總額的中位數 

（不包括最高薪人士）（港元）

78,109

76,258

74,244

The ratio of the total remuneration of the  

highest-paid individual to the median of  

the total remuneration of all employees 

(excluding the highest-paid individual)

最高薪人士的薪酬總額與全體員工 

（不包括最高薪人士）薪酬總額的 

中位數的比例

55.82

51.89

60.64

Ratio of the annual percentage increase in total 

remuneration of the highest-paid individual to 

the median percentage increase in annual total 

remuneration of all employees (excluding the 

highest-paid individual)

最高薪人士薪酬總額的年度百 

分比增長與全體員工（不包括 

最高薪人士）薪酬總額中位數的 

年度百分比增長的比例

4.19

6.41

1.24

The Average Remuneration by Employee 

Ranking (HK$)

各級員工職級的平均薪酬（港元）

Senior management (male)

高級管理人員（男）

324,277

326,923

Senior management (female)

高級管理人員（女）

309,989

210,677

Middle-level management (male)

中層管理人員（男）

254,369

212,629

Middle-level management (female)

中層管理人員（女）

179,061

165,865

General and technical staff (male)

一般及技術員工（男）

87,095

81,923

General and technical staff (female)

一般及技術員工（女）

83,014

82,567

 

 

 

 

 


118

Key Statistics

主要數據

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Notes 附註:

(1) 

Represents other costs but excludes depreciation, amortisation and charitable donations for the year.

代表該年度的其他成本，但不包括該年度的折舊、攤銷及慈善捐款。

(2) 

Represents current income tax but excludes deferred tax for the year.

代表該年度所得稅，但不包括該年度的遞延稅項。

(3) 

Due to rounding, there may be a slight discrepancy between the items of the statistics table and the relevant analysed data as shown in other 

chapters of the Report.

由於捨入關係，數據表內個別項目的數字經分析計算後可能與本報告其他章節內的相關數據略有出入。

(4) 

The calculation of scope 1 emissions covers all the fugitive methane emissions from the waste water treatment projects under operation. The 

calculation of scope 2 emissions includes the consumption of purchased electricity. The calculation boundary of scope 2 emissions covers all 

waste water treatment projects, reusable water projects, river-basin ecological restoration projects, water supply projects, raw water protection 

projects, leachate treatment projects, and waste water source heat pump projects that are under construction and operation.

範疇一的計算包括所有運營中的污水處理項目的無組織甲烷排放。範疇二的計算為購買電力消耗。範疇二的計算邊界包括所有在建與運營中

的污水處理、中水回用、流域治理、供水、原水保護、滲濾液處理及污水源熱泵項目。

(5) 

The calculation of GHG emissions from operating waste water treatment projects is referenced to CDM methodology AM0080: Mitigation of 

Greenhouse Gases Emissions with Treatment of Wastewater in Aerobic Wastewater Treatment Plants (Version 1.0).

運營污水處理項目的溫室氣體排放計算參照CDM方法《AM0080：透過在有氧污水處理廠處理污水減少溫室氣體排放（1.0版）》。

(6) 

The calculation of scope 3 emissions includes fuel consumption for the transportation of sludge by third-parties and air travel by employees. GHG 

emissions from air travel are calculated by International Civil Aviation Organisation Carbon Emissions Calculator.

範疇三的計算包括第三方運送污泥的燃料消耗和員工飛機差旅。飛機差旅的溫室氣體排放以國際民航組織的碳排放計算器計算得出。

(7) 

Energy consumption is calculated based on the reference coefficients as stated in China Energy Statistical Yearbook 2018.

能源消耗量是根據《中國能源統計年鑒2018》的參考系數所計算。

(8) 

As at 31 December 2019.

截至二零一九年十二月三十一日。

(9) 

Employees hired from the same province in Mainland China are regarded as local employees, whereas the employees hired from other provinces 

in Mainland China are regarded as foreign employees.

在中國內地同省受聘的員工被視為本地員工，而在中國內地外省受聘的員工則被視為外地員工。

(10) 

Rate of work-related fatalities = (Total number of work-related fatalities/Total working hours) × 200,000

因工死亡率 =（因工死亡個案總計╱工作總時數）× 200,000

(11) 

High-consequence work-related injuries refer to work-related injuries that result in a fatality or in an injury from which the worker cannot, does not, 

or is not expected to recover fully to pre-injury health status within 6 months.

嚴重工傷是指導致死亡，或導致工作者無法或難於六個月內恢復至受傷前健康狀態的工傷。

(12) 

Rate of high-consequence work-related injuries (excluding fatalities) = (Total number of high-consequence work-related injuries (excluding 

fatalities)/Total working hours) × 200,000

嚴重工傷率（不包括死亡個案）=（嚴重工傷個案總計（不包括死亡個案）╱工作總時數）× 200,000

(13) 

Work-related injuries also include work-related fatalities and high-consequence work-related injuries.

工傷亦包含因工死亡及嚴重工傷。

(14) 

Rate of work-related injuries = (Total number of work-related injuries/Total working hours) × 200,000

工傷率 =（工傷個案總計╱工作總時數）× 200,000


China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司



119

Appendix I – GRI Content Index

附錄I－GRI內容索引

For the Materiality Disclosures Service, GRI Services reviewed 

that the GRI content index is clearly presented and the 

references for Disclosures 102-40 to 102-49 align with 

appropriate sections in the body of the Report. The service was 

performed on the English version of the Report.

Disclosure 

Number

披露編號

Description

描述

Relevant Chapter(s) or  

Other References/Explanation

有關章節或其他參考╱說明

Page 

Number

頁數

GRI 101: Foundation 基礎 2016

Does not include any disclosures 不包含任何揭露

GRI 102: General Disclosure 一般揭露 2016

Organizational Profile 組織概況

102-1

Name of the organization

組織名稱

About The Report

關於本報告

3-5

 

 

 

 

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

活動、品牌、產品與服務

About The Report

關於本報告

3-5

 

 

 

 

102-3

Location of headquarters

總部位置

About The Report

關於本報告

3-5

 

 

 

 

102-4

Location of operations

營運據點

Our Sustainable Business

我們的可持續業務

10

 

 

 

 

102-5

Ownership and legal form

所有權與法律形式

About The Report

關於本報告

3-5

 

 

 

 

102-6

Markets served

提供服務的市場

Our Sustainable Business

我們的可持續業務

11-13

 

 

 

 

102-7

Scale of the organization

組織規模

Our Sustainable Business

我們的可持續業務

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

11 

61

 

 

 

 

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

員工與其他工作者的資訊

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

61-62

 

 

 

 

102-9

Supply chain

供應鏈

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

26-28

 

 

 

 

102-10

Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain

組織與其供應鏈的重大改變

Message From CEO

總裁寄語

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

6-9

26

 

 

 

 

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

預警原則或方針

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

20-25

 

 

 

 

102-12

External initiatives

外部倡議

Message from CEO

總裁寄語

6-9

 

 

 

 

102-13

Membership of associations

公協會的會員資格

Community Engagement

社區參與

106-107

Strategy 策略

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

決策者的聲明

Message from CEO

總裁寄語

6-9

 

 

 

 

102-15

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

關鍵衝擊、風險及機會

Message from CEO

總裁寄語

6-9

 

 

 

 

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior

價值、原則、標準及行為規範

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

20-25

 

 

 

 

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics

關於倫理之建議與顧慮的機制

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

20-25

 

 

 

 

GRI於本次實質性披露服務確認GRI內容索引

清晰，披露項102-40至102-49亦與本報告相應

的章節相符。本次服務按本報告的英文版本

進行。




120

Appendix I – GRI Content Index

附錄I－GRI內容索引

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Disclosure 

Number

披露編號

Description

描述

Relevant Chapter(s) or  

Other References/Explanation

有關章節或其他參考╱說明

Page 

Number

頁數

Governance 治理

102-18

Governance structure

治理結構

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

20-25

 

 

 

 

102-19

Delegating authority

委任權責

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

20-25

 

 

 

 

102-20

Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, and 

social topics

管理階層負責經濟、環境和社會主題

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

20-25

 

 

 

 

102-21

Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, and social 

topics

與利害關係人諮商經濟、環境和社會主題

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

31

 

 

 

 

102-22

Composition of the highest governance body and its committees

最高治理單位與其委員會的組成

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

20-25

 

 

 

 

102-23

Chair of the highest governance body

最高治理單位的主席

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

20-25

 

 

 

 

102-24

Nominating and selecting the highest governance body

最高治理單位的提名與遴選

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

20-25

 

 

 

 

102-25

Conflicts of interest

利益衝突

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

20-25

 

 

 

 

102-26

Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values, and 

strategy

最高治理單位在設立宗旨、價值觀及策略的角色

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

Annual Report 2019 – Corporate Governance 

Report

二零一九年度報告－公司治理報告

20-25

–

 

 

 

 

102-27

Collective knowledge of highest governance body

最高治理單位的群體知識

Annual Report 2019 – Corporate Governance 

Report

二零一九年度報告－公司治理報告

–

 

 

 

 

102-28

Evaluating the highest governance body’s performance

最高治理單位的績效評估

Annual Report 2019 – Corporate Governance 

Report

二零一九年度報告－公司治理報告

–

 

 

 

 

102-29

Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social 

impacts

鑑別與管理經濟、環境和社會衝擊

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

20-25

 

 

 

 

102-30

Effectiveness of risk management processes

風險管理程序的有效性

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

20-25

 

 

 

 

102-31

Review of economic, environmental, and social topics

經濟、環境和社會議題的評審

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

20-25

 

 

 

 

102-32

Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting

最高治理單位於永續性報導的角色

About The Report

關於本報告

3

 

 

 

 


121

Appendix I – GRI Content Index

附錄I－GRI內容索引

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Disclosure 

Number

披露編號

Description

描述

Relevant Chapter(s) or  

Other References/Explanation

有關章節或其他參考╱說明

Page 

Number

頁數

102-33

Communicating critical concerns

溝通重要關鍵議題

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

20-25

 

 

 

 

102-34

Nature and total number of critical concerns

關鍵議題的性質與總數

Annual Report 2019 – Corporate Governance 

Report – Risk Management and Internal Controls

二零一九年度報告－公司治理報告－風險管理及

內部監控

–

 

 

 

 

102-35

Remuneration policies

薪酬政策

Annual Report 2019 – Corporate Governance 

Report – Remuneration Matters

二零一九年度報告－公司治理報告－薪酬事項

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

–

20-25

 

 

 

 

102-36

Process for determining remuneration

薪酬決定的流程

Annual Report 2019 – Corporate Governance 

Report – Remuneration Matters

二零一九年度報告－公司治理報告－薪酬事項

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

–

20-25

 

 

 

 

102-37

Stakeholders’ involvement in remuneration

利害關係人的參與

Annual Report 2019 – Corporate Governance 

Report – Remuneration Matters

二零一九年度報告－公司治理報告－薪酬事項

–

 

 

 

 

102-38

Annual total compensation ratio

年度總薪酬比率

Key Statistics

主要數據

117

 

 

 

 

102-39

Percentage increase in annual total compensation ratio

年度總薪酬比率之增加百分比

Key Statistics

主要數據

117

Stakeholder Engagement 利害關係人團體

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

利害關係人團體

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

31

 

 

 

 

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

團體協約

None of our employees are covered by collective 

bargaining agreements.

我們的員工並不包含在集體談判協定中。

–

 

 

 

 

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

鑑別與選擇利害關係人

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

31

 

 

 

 

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

與利害關係人溝通的方針

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

32-34

 

 

 

 

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

提出之關鍵主題與關注事項

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

Reporting Practice

報導實務

37-38

 

 

 

 


122

Appendix I – GRI Content Index

附錄I－GRI內容索引

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Disclosure 

Number

披露編號

Description

描述

Relevant Chapter(s) or  

Other References/Explanation

有關章節或其他參考╱說明

Page 

Number

頁數

Reporting Practice 報導實務

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

合併財務報表中所包含的實體

Annual Report 2019 – Notes to the Financial 

Statements (P.141-287) (1)

二零一九年度報告－財務報表附註（141-287頁）(1)

–

 

 

 

 

102-46

Defining report content and topic Boundaries

界定報告書內容與主題邊界

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

37-38

 

 

 

 

102-47

List of material topics

重大主題表列

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

37-38

 

 

 

 

102-48

Restatements of information

資訊重編

There is no restatement of information in the 

Report.

本報告不涉及重整舊告資料。

–

 

 

 

 

102-49

Changes in reporting

報導改變

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

37-38

 

 

 

 

102-50

Reporting period

報導期間

About The Report

關於本報告

3-5

 

 

 

 

102-51

Date of most recent report

上一次報告書的日期

About The Report

關於本報告

3-5

 

 

 

 

102-52

Reporting cycle

報導週期

About The Report

關於本報告

3-5

 

 

 

 

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

可回答報告書相關問題的聯絡人

About The Report

關於本報告

3-5

 

 

 

 

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

依循GRI準則報導的宣告

About The Report

關於本報告

3

 

 

 

 

102-55

GRI Content Index

GRI內容索引

Appendix I – GRI Content Index

附錄I－GRI內容索引

119-126

 

 

 

 

102-56

External assurance

外部保證╱確信

Verification Statement

審核聲明

108-109

 

 

 

 

Note：

(1) 

Annual Report 2019 can be accessed via the following link:

https://doc.irasia.com/listco/hk/cewater/annual/2019/ar2019.pdf

附註：

(1) 

二零一九年度報告可於以下連結瀏覽：

https://doc.irasia.com/listco/hk/cewater/annual/2019/ar2019.pdf


123

Appendix I – GRI Content Index

附錄I－GRI內容索引

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

特定主題準則

Topic-specific Disclosures

Disclosure 

Number

披露編號

Description

描述

Relevant Chapter(s) or  

Other References/Explanation

有關章節或其他參考╱說明

Page 

Number

頁數

GRI 200: Economic 經濟

Economic Performance 經濟績效

GRI 103:

Management Approach 管理方針 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

解釋重大主題及其邊界

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

38

 

 

 

 

103-2

The management approach and its components

管理方針及其要素

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

21-26

 

 

 

 

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

管理方針的評估

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

21-26

GRI 201:

 Economic Performance 經濟績效 2016

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

組織所產生及分配的直接經濟價值

Our Sustainable Business

我們的可持續業務

12

 

 

 

 

201-2

Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to 

climate change

氣候變遷所產生的財務影響及其它風險與機會

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

53

 

 

 

 

201-3

Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans

定義福利計劃義務與其它退休計畫

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

72-73

 

 

 

 

201-4

Financial assistance received from government

自政府取得之財務補助

Our Sustainable Business

我們的可持續業務

12

Anti-corruption 反貪腐

GRI 103:

Management Approach 管理方針 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

解釋重大主題及其邊界

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

38

 

 

 

 

103-2

The management approach and its components

管理方針及其要素

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

25

 

 

 

 

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

管理方針的評估

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

25

GRI 205: 

Anti-corruption 反貪腐 2016

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption

已進行貪腐風險評估的營運據點

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

25-26

 

 

 

 

205-2

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies 

and procedures

有關反貪腐政策和程序的溝通及訓練

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

25-26

 

 

 

 

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

已確認的貪腐事件及採取的行動

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

25-26

 

 

 

 


124

Appendix I – GRI Content Index

附錄I－GRI內容索引

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Disclosure 

Number

披露編號

Description

描述

Relevant Chapter(s) or  

Other References/Explanation

有關章節或其他參考╱說明

Page 

Number

頁數

GRI 300: Environmental 環境

Materials 物料

GRI 103: 

Management Approach 管理方針 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

解釋重大主題及其邊界

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

38

 

 

 

 

103-2

The management approach and its components

管理方針及其要素

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

55

 

 

 

 

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

管理方針的評估

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

55

GRI 301: 

Materials 物料 2016

301-1

Materials used by weight or volume

所用物料的重量或體積

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

55-57

 

 

 

 

301-2

Recycled input materials used

使用的可再生物料

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

55-57

 

 

 

 

301-3

Reclaimed products and their packaging materials

回收產品及其包材

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

55-57

Effluents and Waste 廢污水和廢棄物

GRI 103: 

Management Approach 管理方針 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

解釋重大主題及其邊界

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

38

 

 

 

 

103-2

The management approach and its components

管理方針及其要素

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

41-43

 

 

 

 

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

管理方針的評估

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

41-43

 

 

 

 

GRI 306: 

Effluents and Waste 廢污水和廢棄物 2016

306-1

Water discharge by quality and destination

依水質及排放目的地所劃分的排放水量

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

46,59

 

 

 

 

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

按類別及處置方法劃分的廢棄物

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

50-51

 

 

 

 

306-3

Significant spills

嚴重洩漏

The Group has no spilling accidents in 2019.

本集團於二零一九年並沒有發生洩漏事件。

–

 

 

 

 

306-4

Transport of hazardous waste

廢棄物運輸

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

50-51

 

 

 

 

306-5

Water bodies affected by water discharges and/or runoff

受放流水及其他（地表）逕流排放而影響的水體

No water bodies are seriously/significantly affected by 

the Group’s waste water discharge in 2019.

本集團於二零一九年的污水排放並沒有嚴重影響任何

水體。

–

 

 

 

 


125

Appendix I – GRI Content Index

附錄I－GRI內容索引

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Disclosure 

Number

披露編號

Description

描述

Relevant Chapter(s) or  

Other References/Explanation

有關章節或其他參考╱說明

Page 

Number

頁數

Environmental Compliance 有關環境保護的法規遵循

GRI 103: 

Management Approach 管理方針 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

解釋重大主題及其邊界

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

38

 

 

 

 

103-2

The management approach and its components

管理方針及其要素

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

41-43

 

 

 

 

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

管理方針的評估

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

41-43

 

 

 

 

GRI 307: 

Environmental Compliance 有關環境保護的法規遵循 2016

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations

違反環保法規

Appendix III – Compliance with Relevant Laws and 

Regulations That Have a Significant Impacts on 

Everbright Water

附錄III－對光大水務有重大影響的相關法律及規例的

遵守情況

131

Occupational Health and Safety 職業安全衛生

GRI 103: 

Management Approach 管理方針 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

解釋重大主題及其邊界

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

38

 

 

 

 

103-2

The management approach and its components

管理方針及其要素

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

75-78

 

 

 

 

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

管理方針的評估

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

75-78

 

 

 

 

GRI 403: 

Occupational Health and Safety 職業安全衛生 2018

403-1

Occupational health and safety management system

職業安全衛生管理系統

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

75-76

 

 

 

 

403-2

Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident 

investigation

危害辨識、風險評估及事故調查

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

75-78

 

 

 

 

403-3

Occupational health services

職業健康服務

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

77

 

 

 

 

403-4

Worker participation, consultation, and communication on 

occupational health and safety

有關職業安全衛生之工作者參與、諮商與溝通

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

76-78

 

 

 

 

403-5

Worker training on occupational health and safety

有關職業安全衛生之工作者訓練

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

76-78

 

 

 

 

403-6

Promotion of worker health

工作者健康促進

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

76-78

 

 

 

 

403-7

Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety 

impacts directly linked by business relationships

預防和減輕與業務關係直接相關聯之職業安全衛生的衝擊

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

76-78

 

 

 

 

403-8

Workers covered by an occupational health and safety 

management system

職業安全衛生管理系統所涵蓋之工作者

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

75-76

 

 

 

 

403-9

Work-related injuries

職業傷害

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

80-81

 

 

 

 

403-10

Work-related ill health

職業病

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

80-81

 

 

 

 


126

Appendix I – GRI Content Index

附錄I－GRI內容索引

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Disclosure 

Number

披露編號

Description

描述

Relevant Chapter(s) or  

Other References/Explanation

有關章節或其他參考╱說明

Page 

Number

頁數

Child Labor 童工

GRI 103: 

Management Approach 管理方針 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

解釋重大主題及其邊界

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

38

 

 

 

 

103-2

The management approach and its components

管理方針及其要素

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

71

 

 

 

 

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

管理方針的評估

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

71

 

 

 

 

GRI 408: 

Child Labor 童工 2016

408-1

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of 

child labor

營運據點和供應商使用童工之重大風險

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

71

Forced or Compulsory Labor 強迫或強制勞動

GRI 103: 

Management Approach 管理方針 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

解釋重大主題及其邊界

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

38

 

 

 

 

103-2

The management approach and its components

管理方針及其要素

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

72

 

 

 

 

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

管理方針的評估

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

72

 

 

 

 

GRI 409: 

Forced or Compulsory Labor 強迫或強制勞動 2016

409-1

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of 

forced or compulsory labor

具強迫或強制勞動事件重大風險的營運據點和供應商

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

72

Rights of Indigenous Peoples 原住民權利

GRI 103: 

Management Approach 管理方針 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

解釋重大主題及其邊界

Stakeholder Engagement

持份者參與

38

 

 

 

 

103-2

The management approach and its components

管理方針及其要素

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

63

 

 

 

 

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

管理方針的評估

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

63

GRI 411: 

Rights of Indigenous Peoples 原住民權利 2016

411-1

Incidents of violations involving rights of indigenous peoples

涉及侵害原住民權利的事件

The Group has no incidents of violations involving rights 

of indigenous people in 2019.

本集團於二零一九年沒有侵害原住民權利的事件。

–

 

 

 

 


China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司



127

Appendix II – SEHK ESG Reporting Guide Content Index

附錄II－聯交所《環境、社會及管治報告指引》內容索引

ESG 

Aspects

ESG層面

Requirements

指引要求

Relevant Chapter(s) and/or Explanation

報告章節╱聲明

A1: Emissions A1：排放物

General 

Disclosure

一般披露

Information on:

(a) the policies; and

(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer 

relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation 

of hazardous and non-hazardous waste.

有關廢氣及溫室氣體排放、向水及土地的排污、有害及無害廢棄物的產生等的：

(a) 政策；及

(b) 遵守對發行人有重大影響的相關法律及規例的資料。

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

Compliance with Relevant Laws and 

Regulations That Have a Significant Impact on 

Everbright Water

對光大水務有重大影響的相關法律及規例的

遵守情況

 

 

 

A1.1

The types of emissions and respective emissions data.

排放物種類及相關排放數據。

The Group’s operations do not generate 

significant emissions.

本集團的運營不涉及顯著的氣體排放。

 

 

 

A1.2

Greenhouse gas emissions in total (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of 

production volume, per facility).

溫室氣體總排放量（以噸計算）及（如適用）密度（如以每產量單位、每項設施計算）。

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

Key Statistics

主要數據

 

 

 

A1.3

Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of 

production volume, per facility).

所產生有害廢棄物總量（以噸計算）及（如適用）密度（如以每產量單位、每項設施計算）。

The Group’s operations do not generate 

significant amount of hazardous waste.

本集團的運營不會產生顯著數量的有害廢棄

物。

 

 

 

A1.4

Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of 

production volume, per facility).

所產生無害廢棄物總量（以噸計算）及（如適用）密度（如以每產量單位、每項設施計算）。

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

Key Statistics

主要數據

 

 

 

A1.5

Description of measures to mitigate emissions and results achieved.

描述減低排放量的措施及所得成果。

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

 

 

 

A1.6

Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, reduction initiatives and 

results achieved.

描述處理有害及無害廢棄物的方法、減低產生量的措施及所得成果。

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

The Group’s operations do not generate 

significant amount of hazardous waste.

本集團的運營不會產生顯著數量的有害廢棄

物。

A2: Use of Resources A2：資源使用

General 

Disclosure

一般披露

Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water and other raw material.

有效使用資源（包括能源、水及其他原材料）的政策。

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

 

 

 

A2.1

Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type (e.g. electricity, gas or oil) in total (kWh in ’000s) 

and intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).

按類型劃分的直接及╱或間接能源（如電、氣或油）總耗量（以千個千瓦時計算）及密度（如

以每產量單位、每項設施計算）。

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

Key Statistics

主要數據

 

 

 

A2.2

Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).

總耗水量及密度（如以每產量單位、每項設施計算）。

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

Key Statistics

主要數據

 

 

 

A2.3

Description of energy use efficiency initiatives and results achieved.

描述能源使用效益計劃及所得成果。

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

 

 

 

A2.4

Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency 

initiatives and results achieved.

描述求取適用水源上可有任何問題，以及提升用水效益計劃及所得成果。

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

Regarding water sourcing, all of the Group’s 

projects have obtained the respective 

environmental impact assessment approvals 

and water-drawing permits. There are no 

associated issues in sourcing water that is fit 

for purpose.

在取水方面，本集團的所有項目均獲得相關的

環評批覆及取水證，我們在獲得適用水源上沒

有發現任何問題。

 

 

 

A2.5

Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to 

per unit produced.

製成品所用包裝材料的總量（以噸計算）及（如適用）每生產單位佔量。

The Group’s main product is treated waste 

water, which does not involve packaging 

material usage.

本集團的主要產品為已處理的污水，並不涉及

使用包裝物料。

A3: The Environment and Natural Resources A3：環境及天然資源

General 

Disclosure

一般披露

Policies on minimising the issuer’s significant impact on the environment and natural resources.

減低發行人對環境及天然資源造成重大影響的政策。

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

 

 

 

A3.1

Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment and natural resources and 

the actions taken to manage them.

描述業務活動對環境及天然資源的重大影響及已採取管理有關影響的行動。

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

 

 

 


128

Appendix II – SEHK ESG Reporting Guide Content Index

附錄II－聯交所《環境、社會及管治報告指引》內容索引

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

ESG 

Aspects

ESG層面

Requirements

指引要求

Relevant Chapter(s) and/or Explanation

報告章節╱聲明

B1: Employment B1：僱傭

General 

Disclosure

一般披露

Information on:

(a) the policies; and

(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer 

relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest 

periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare.

有關薪酬及解僱、招聘及晉升、工作時數、假期、平等機會、多元化、反歧視以及其他待遇及

福利的：

(a) 政策；及

(b) 遵守對發行人有重大影響的相關法律及規例的資料。

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

Compliance with Relevant Laws and 

Regulations That Have a Significant Impact on 

Everbright Water

對光大水務有重大影響的相關法律及規例的

遵守情況

 

 

 

B1.1

Total workforce by gender, employment type, age group and geographical region.

按性別、僱傭類型、年齡組別及地區劃分的僱員總數。

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

Key Statistics

主要數據

 

 

 

B1.2

Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region.

按性別、年齡組別及地區劃分的僱員流失比率。

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

Key Statistics

主要數據

B2: Health and Safety B2：健康與安全

General 

Disclosure

一般披露

Information on:

(a) the policies; and

(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer 

relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational 

hazards.

有關提供安全工作環境及保障僱員避免職業性危害的：

(a) 政策；及

(b) 遵守對發行人有重大影響的相關法律及規例的資料。

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

Compliance with Relevant Laws and 

Regulations That Have a Significant Impact on 

Everbright Water

對光大水務有重大影響的相關法律及規例的

遵守情況

 

 

 

B2.1

Number and rate of work-related fatalities.

因工作關係而死亡的人數及比率。

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

Key Statistics

主要數據

 

 

 

B2.2

Lost days due to work injury.

因工傷損失工作日數。

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

Key Statistics

主要數據

 

 

 

B2.3

Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, how they are implemented and 

monitored.

描述所採納的職業健康與安全措施，以及相關執行及監察方法。

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

B3: Development and Training B3：發展及培訓

General 

Disclosure

一般披露

Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and skills for discharging duties at work. Description 

of training activities.

有關提升僱員履行工作職責的知識及技能的政策。描述培訓活動。

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

 

 

 

B3.1

The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category (e.g. senior management, 

middle management).

按性別及僱員類別（如高級管理層、中級管理層等）劃分的受訓僱員百分比。

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

 

 

 

B3.2

The average training hours completed per employee by gender and employee category.

按性別及僱員類別劃分，每名僱員完成受訓的平均時數。

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

Key Statistics

主要數據

B4: Labour Standards B4：勞工準則

General 

Disclosure

一般披露

Information on:

(a) the policies; and

(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer 

relating to preventing child and forced labour.

有關防止童工或強制勞工的：

(a) 政策；及

(b) 遵守對發行人有重大影響的相關法律及規例的資料。

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

Compliance with Relevant Laws and 

Regulations That Have a Significant Impact on 

Everbright Water

對光大水務有重大影響的相關法律及規例的

遵守情況

 

 

 

B4.1

Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child and forced labour.

描述檢討招聘慣例的措施以避免童工及強制勞工。

The Group regularly reviews its employment 

practice to ensure compliance with the 

applicable laws and regulations in preventing 

child and forced labour.

本集團定期檢討其招聘措施以確保遵守適用

於有關避免童工及強制勞工的法律及規例。

 

 

 

B4.2

Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when discovered.

描述在發現違規情況時消除有關情況所採取的步驟。

The Group has zero tolerance towards such 

practice and such violation (if any) will be 

subject to internal disciplinary actions or 

handled by relevant authorities.

本集團並不容忍此違規情況。如有發現，將根

據內部處分或交給有關部門處理。

 

 

 


129

Appendix II – SEHK ESG Reporting Guide Content Index

附錄II－聯交所《環境、社會及管治報告指引》內容索引

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

ESG 

Aspects

ESG層面

Requirements

指引要求

Relevant Chapter(s) and/or Explanation

報告章節╱聲明

B5: Supply Chain Management B5：供應鏈管理

General 

Disclosure

一般披露

Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the supply chain.

管理供應鏈的環境及社會風險政策。

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

 

 

 

B5.1

Number of suppliers by geographical region.

按地區劃分的供應商數目。

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

 

 

 

B5.2

Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are 

being implemented, how they are implemented and monitored.

描述有關聘用供應商的慣例，向其執行有關慣例的供應商數目、以及有關慣例的執行及監

察方法。

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

B6: Product Responsibility B6：產品責任

General 

Disclosure

一般披露

Information on:

(a) the policies; and

(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer 

relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and 

services provided and methods of redress.

有關所提供產品和服務的健康與安全、廣告、標籤及私隱事宜以及補救方法的：

(a) 政策；及

(b) 遵守對發行人有重大影響的相關法律及規例的資料。

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

Compliance with Relevant Laws and 

Regulations That Have a Significant Impact on 

Everbright Water

對光大水務有重大影響的相關法律及規例的

遵守情況

The Group has not identified material 

concerns in its operations regarding 

advertising and labelling, thus dedicated 

policies are not in place.

本集團並未發現營運中有關廣告及標籤事宜的

重大問題，故此，本集團並無相關專門政策。

There is no law or regulation that has a 

significant impact on the Group regarding 

advertising, labelling and privacy matters 

relating to products and services provided by 

the Group.

本集團並無有關所提供產品和服務的廣告、

標籤及私穩事宜的相關法律或規例對其構成

重大影響。

 

 

 

B6.1

Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons.

已售或已運送產品總數中因安全與健康理由而須回收百分比。

The Group did not have any products recalled 

for safety and health reasons in 2019.

本集團於二零一九沒有因安全與健康理由而

須回收產品。

 

 

 

B6.2

Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with.

接獲關於產品及服務的投訴數目以及應對方法。

The Group did not receive complaints relating 

to products and service in 2019.

本集團於二零一九年沒有接獲關於產品及服

務的投訴。

 

 

 

B6.3

Description of practices relating to observing and protecting intellectual property rights.

描述與維護及保障知識產權有關的慣例。

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

 

 

 

B6.4

Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures.

描述質量檢定過程及產品回收程序。

Outstanding Environmental Management

優質環境管理

Due to the specific nature of the Group’s water 

environment management business, recall 

procedures are not applicable to its products 

and services provided.

本集團業務性質為水環境綜合治理，當中並沒

有適用的產品及服務回收程序。

 

 

 

B6.5

Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, how they are implemented and 

monitored.

描述消費者資料保障及私隱政策，以及相關執行及監察方法。

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

B7: Anti-corruption B7：反貪污

General 

Disclosure

一般披露

Information on:

(a) the policies; and

(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer 

relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.

有關防止賄賂、勒索、欺詐及洗黑錢的：

(a) 政策；及

(b) 遵守對發行人有重大影響的相關法律及規例的資料。

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

Compliance with Relevant Laws and 

Regulations That Have a Significant Impact on 

Everbright Water

對光大水務有重大影響的相關法律及規例的

遵守情況

 

 

 

B7.1

Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer or its 

employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases.

於匯報期內對發行人或其僱員提出並已審結的貪污訴訟案件的數目及訴訟結果。

Joining Hands with Our Team

與團隊攜手合作

 

 

 

B7.2

Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, how they are implemented 

and monitored.

描述防範措施及舉報程序，以及相關執行及監察方法。

Sustainability Governance

可持續發展管治

 

 

 


130

Appendix II – SEHK ESG Reporting Guide Content Index

附錄II－聯交所《環境、社會及管治報告指引》內容索引

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

ESG 

Aspects

ESG層面

Requirements

指引要求

Relevant Chapter(s) and/or Explanation

報告章節╱聲明

B8: Community Investment B8：社區投資

General 

Disclosure

一般披露

Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer 

operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities’ interests.

有關以社區參與來了解營運所在社區需要和確保其業務活動會考慮社區利益的政策。

Community Engagement

社區參與

 

 

 

B8.1

Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education, environmental concerns, labour needs, health, culture, 

sport).

專注貢獻範疇（如教育、環境事宜、勞工需求、健康、文化、體育）。

Community Engagement

社區參與

 

 

 

B8.2

Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the focus area.

在專注範疇所動用資源（如金錢或時間）。

Community Engagement

社區參與

 

 

 


China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司



131

Appendix III – Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations That Have a Significant Impact on Everbright Water

附錄III－對光大水務有重大影響的相關法律及規例的遵守情況

SEHK ESG Reporting Guide 

Subject Area

聯交所《環境、社會

及管治報告指引》範疇

Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations That Have a Significant 

Impact on Everbright Water

對光大水務有重大影響的相關法律及規例的遵守情況

 

 

Aspect A1: Emissions

層面A1：排放物

In order to protect and improve the environment, prevent pollution and other 

public hazards, safeguard public health, promote the development of ecological 

conservation, and promote sustainable economic and social development, China 

has enacted a large number of laws to protect environmental resources. Key laws 

and regulations applicable to the Group include the Environmental Protection Law 

of the PRC, Law of the PRC on Environmental Impact Assessment, Water Pollution 

Prevention and Control Law of the PRC, Marine Environment Protection Law of 

the PRC, Law of the PRC on the Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution 

by Solid Waste, Law of the PRC on Prevention and Control of Environmental Noise 

Pollution and Atmospheric Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the PRC. 

These laws and regulations provide clear requirements on air and greenhouse gas 

emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-

hazardous waste. The Group shall comply with all the above laws and regulations, 

otherwise it may be subject to penalties, suspension of operation, and/or legal 

actions against the Group by regulatory authorities.

為保護和改善環境，防治污染和其他公害，保障公眾健康，推進生態文明建設，

促進經濟和社會的可持續發展，中國制定實施了大量環境資源保護的法律。適

用於本集團的主要法律及規例包括《中國環境保護法》、《中國環境影響評價

法》、《中國水污染防治法》、《中國海洋環境保護法》、《中國固體廢物污染環

境防治法》、《中國環境噪聲污染防治法》及《中國大氣污染防治法》。該等法

律及規例對廢氣及溫室氣體排放、向水及土地的排污以及有害及無害廢棄物的

產生等方面提供了明確要求。本集團必須遵循以上相關的環境法律法規，否則

監管機構有權對本集團作出罰款、勒令停運及╱或採取法律行動。

In 2019, there was no confirmed case of non-compliance in relation to 

environmental protection that would have a significant impact on the Group. 

Please refer to the chapter entitled  “Outstanding Environmental Management” 

of the Report on how Everbright Water ensures compliance with the applicable 

environmental laws and regulations.

二零一九年並無任何與環境保護相關並對本集團有重大影響的已確認違規事

件。如欲了解更多光大水務遵守相關環境法律法規的情況，請參閱本報告的「優

質環境管理」一章。


132

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Appendix III – Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations That Have a Significant Impact on Everbright Water

附錄III－對光大水務有重大影響的相關法律及規例的遵守情況

SEHK ESG Reporting Guide 

Subject Area

聯交所《環境、社會

及管治報告指引》範疇

Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations That Have a Significant 

Impact on Everbright Water

對光大水務有重大影響的相關法律及規例的遵守情況

 

 

Aspect B1: Employment

層面B1：僱傭

The Labour Law of the PRC, Labour Contract Law of the PRC, the Employment 

Ordinance of Hong Kong and the Employment Act of Singapore stipulate the legal 

obligations and responsibilities of employers to provide employment protection 

and benefits covering compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, 

working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and 

other benefits and welfare. The Social Insurance Law of the PRC is formulated 

for the purpose of regulating sickness insurance, occupational injury insurance, 

maternity insurance, medical care insurance, retirement insurance, and death 

insurance, and also clarifies the legal liabilities of the employer. The Regulation 

on the Management of Housing Provident Fund of the PRC is formulated for the 

purpose of maintaining the lawful rights and interests of housing provident fund 

owners. These laws and regulations provide relevant protection for the Group’s 

employees and safeguard their lawful rights. The Group will continue to comply 

with all relevant employment laws and regulations to protect the Group’s most 

valuable asset – employees.

《中國勞動法》、《中國勞動合同法》、《香港僱傭條例》及《新加坡僱傭法》提

供了全面的僱傭保障和福利，涵蓋對薪酬及解僱、招聘及晉升、工作時數、假期、

平等機會、多元化、反歧視以及其他待遇及福利方面的要求，明確了僱主的法定

義務和責任。《中國社會保險法》規定了疾病、工傷、生育、醫療、退休及死亡保

險，並釐清了僱主的相關法律責任。《中國住房公積金管理條例》則維護了住房

公積金所有者的合法權益。以上法律法規為本集團的員工提供相關保障，保護

員工的合法權利。本集團將繼續遵守所有相關的僱傭法律法規，保障本集團最

寶貴的財富－員工。

In 2019, there was no confirmed case of non-compliance in relation to the Group’s 

employment practices that would have a significant impact on the Group. Please 

refer to the chapter entitled “Joining Hands with Our Team” of the Report on how 

Everbright Water ensures compliance with the applicable employment laws and 

regulations.

二零一九年並無任何與僱傭相關並對本集團有重大影響的已確認違規事件。如

欲了解更多光大水務遵守相關僱傭法律法規的情況，請參閱本報告的「與團隊

攜手合作」一章。


133

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Appendix III – Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations That Have a Significant Impact on Everbright Water

附錄III－對光大水務有重大影響的相關法律及規例的遵守情況

SEHK ESG Reporting Guide 

Subject Area

聯交所《環境、社會

及管治報告指引》範疇

Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations That Have a Significant 

Impact on Everbright Water

對光大水務有重大影響的相關法律及規例的遵守情況

 

 

B2: Health and Safety

層面B2：健康與安全

The Labour Law of the PRC, and Work Safety Law of the PRC commit to the 

protection of labour safety and production safety, and require manufacturing 

organisations and employers to provide a safe working environment and protect 

employees from occupational hazards. The Social Insurance Law of the PRC is 

formulated for the purpose of regulating sickness insurance, occupational injury 

insurance, maternity insurance, medical care insurance, retirement insurance, 

and death insurance, and also clarifies the legal liabilities of the employers. 

Compliance with these laws and regulations is paramount as workplace safety 

is of critical importance to each and every employee of the Group. As a socially 

responsible enterprise, the Group complies with the relevant health and safety 

laws to provide employees with a safe workplace and suitable insurance.

《中國勞動法》及《中國安全生產法》旨在維護勞動安全衛生及生產安全，要

求生產經營單位及僱主提供安全工作環境及保障僱員避免職業性危害。《中國

社會保險法》則規定了疾病、工傷、生育、醫療、退休及死亡保險，並釐清了僱

主的相關法律責任。遵守這些法律法規是本集團的首要任務，因為工作場所的

安全對本集團每一位員工都十分重要。為員工提供安全工作環境及合適保險是

光大水務作為良心企業的實踐，本集團會嚴守相關健康與安全法律法規。

In 2019, there was no confirmed case of non-compliance in relation to health 

and safety that would have a significant impact on the Group. Please refer to the 

chapter entitled “Joining Hands with Our Team” of the Report on how Everbright 

Water ensures compliance with the applicable laws and regulations relating to 

health and safety.

二零一九年並無任何與健康與安全相關並對本集團有重大影響的已確認違規事

件。如欲了解更多光大水務遵守相關健康與安全法律法規的情況，請參閱本報

告的「與團隊攜手合作」一章。


134

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Appendix III – Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations That Have a Significant Impact on Everbright Water

附錄III－對光大水務有重大影響的相關法律及規例的遵守情況

SEHK ESG Reporting Guide 

Subject Area

聯交所《環境、社會

及管治報告指引》範疇

Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations That Have a Significant 

Impact on Everbright Water

對光大水務有重大影響的相關法律及規例的遵守情況

 

 

B4: Labour Standards

層面B4：勞工準則

The Labour Law of the PRC, the Employment Ordinance of Hong Kong and the 

Employment Act of Singapore set out clear rules for preventing child labour and 

forced labour, and elaborate on the legal liabilities of employers who violate 

the relevant laws and regulations. Everbright Water highly values human rights 

and aims to demonstrate its “People-Oriented” corporate spirit through strictly 

complying with the relevant labour standards.

《中國勞動法》、《香港僱傭條例》及《新加坡僱傭法》對防止童工和強制勞工

列有明確規定，並詳細地闡述了違反相關法律及法規的僱主的法律責任。光大

水務高度重視人權，透過遵守相關勞工準則，充分反映其「以人為本」的企業精

神。

In 2019, there was no confirmed case of non-compliance in relation to labour 

standards that would have a significant impact on the Group. Please refer to the 

chapter entitled “Joining Hands with Our Team” of the Report on how Everbright 

Water ensures compliance with the applicable laws and regulations relating to 

labour standards.

二零一九年並無任何與勞工準則相關並對本集團有重大影響的已確認違規事

件。如欲了解更多光大水務遵守相關勞工法律法規的情況，請參閱本報告的「與

團隊攜手合作」一章。


135

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Appendix III – Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations That Have a Significant Impact on Everbright Water

附錄III－對光大水務有重大影響的相關法律及規例的遵守情況

SEHK ESG Reporting Guide 

Subject Area

聯交所《環境、社會

及管治報告指引》範疇

Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations That Have a Significant 

Impact on Everbright Water

對光大水務有重大影響的相關法律及規例的遵守情況

 

 

B6: Product  

Responsibility

層面B6：產品責任

The Law of the PRC on Product Quality is formulated with the aim of strengthening 

product quality monitoring, improving product quality, specifying product quality 

responsibility, safeguarding legal rights of customers, as well as protecting social 

and economic order. These laws and regulations provide clear requirements on 

health and safety matters and remedial methods relating to products and services 

provided. The Group complies with the relevant laws and regulations in relation to 

product responsibility to ensure customers receive safe and reliable services.

《中國產品質量法》的制定旨在加強對產品質量的監督管理，提高產品質量水

準，明確產品質量責任，保護消費者的合法權益，維護社會經濟秩序。該等法律

對產品和服務的健康與安全事宜以及救濟方式提供了明確的要求。本集團遵循

相關的產品責任法律法規以確保顧客獲得安全及可靠的服務。

In 2019, there was no confirmed case of non-compliance in relation to product 

responsibility that would have a significant impact on the Group. Please refer to 

the chapter entitled “Outstanding Environmental Management” of the Report 

on how Everbright Water ensures compliance with the applicable laws and 

regulations relating to product responsibility.

二零一九年並無任何與產品責任相關並對本集團有重大影響的已確認違規事

件。如欲了解更多光大水務遵守相關產品責任法律法規的情況，請參閱本報告

的「優質環境管理」一章。


136

China Everbright Water Limited

中國光大水務有限公司

Appendix III – Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations That Have a Significant Impact on Everbright Water

附錄III－對光大水務有重大影響的相關法律及規例的遵守情況

SEHK ESG Reporting Guide 

Subject Area

聯交所《環境、社會

及管治報告指引》範疇

Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations That Have a Significant 

Impact on Everbright Water

對光大水務有重大影響的相關法律及規例的遵守情況

 

 

B7: Anti-corruption

層面B7：反貪污

The Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the PRC, the Prevention of Bribery Ordinance 

of Hong Kong and the Anti-Corruption Regulation of Singapore set out clear 

rules on preventing bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. These laws 

and regulations aim to maintain social integrity and fairness, prevent unfair 

competition, and protect the legal rights of service providers and customers. The 

Group firmly believes that misconduct such as corruption has significant negative 

impact to the business development. Therefore, the Group strictly complies with 

the relevant anti-corruption laws and regulations to maintain a good reputation 

and enhance its competitiveness.

《中國反不正當競爭法》、《香港防止賄賂條例》及《新加坡防止賄賂條例》對

防止賄賂、勒索、欺詐及洗黑錢行為提供了明確的規定，旨在維護社會廉潔公

平，制止不正當競爭行為，保護服務提供者和消費者的合法權益。本集團深信

貪污等不當行為對業務發展百害而無一利，因此嚴格遵循相關的反貪污法律法

規，致力維持本集團良好的聲譽及提升公司競爭力。

In 2019, there was no confirmed case of non-compliance in relation to corrupt 

practices that would have a significant impact on the Group. Please refer to the 

chapter entitled “Joining Hands with Our Team” of the Report on how Everbright 

Water ensures compliance with the applicable laws and regulations relating to 

anti-corruption practices.

二零一九年並無任何與反貪污相關並對本集團有重大影響的已確認違規事件。

如欲了解更多光大水務遵守相關反貪污法律法規的情況，請參閱本報告的「與

團隊攜手合作」一章。


CHINA EVERBRIGHT WATER LIMITED

中國光大水務有限公司

w w w . e b w a t e r . c o m

This report is printed on environmentally friendly paper

本報告以環保紙張印製

可持續發展報告

Sustainability Report

2019



