
SHAPING 

OUR FUTURE

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021


CONTENTS

01

Statement from Our Board

02

About the Report

03

About Chuan Hup

04

Sustainability Approach at Chuan Hup

04     Sustainability Governance

05     Materiality Assessment

07     Stakeholder Engagement 

08

Our Governance

08     Corporate Governance, Business Ethics and  

          Compliance to Laws 

09     Digitalisation and Information Security 

12

Our People

12     Employee Profile

13     Health and Safety 

15     Mental Health

16     Talent Management

17

GRI Content Index


STATEMENT FROM OUR BOARD

DEAR STAKEHOLDERS,

The Board and Management team are pleased to present Chuan Hup Holdings Limited (“Chuan Hup”, the “Company” or the 

“Group”)’s fourth Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 30 June 2021 (“FY2021”). This report is focused on how 

the group has identified, managed and measured the management of Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) issues 

pertinent to the Group. With the COVID-19 pandemic still having a major impact on the economic landscape, the Group 

remains focused on achieving its long-term sustainability goals and addressing the concerns of stakeholders.

ESG FOCUS

The Board and Management team take an active role in ensuring the Group’s ESG focus is aligned with the interest of both our 

internal and external stakeholders. Through collecting stakeholder feedback from a variety of formal and informal channels, 

the Group has identified four key material topics and one additional topic and Chuan Hup has put in place policies and 

practices to address these ESG concerns. The Management oversees the implementation of these practices and provides 

regular reports to the Board on such ESG matters.

Although the current focus has been on dealing with the immediate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group has 

recognised that many of the pandemic-related ESG practices can positively impact the way in which we work in the long term. 

For instance, the adoption of new digital solutions out of necessity during the pandemic has a long-term impact of increasing 

the efficiency in which tasks are completed by our employees.

GROWTH WITHIN THE ADVERSITY

Though the COVID-19 pandemic slowed global growth in early 2020, precautionary safety measures implemented by 

governments have allowed space for some recovery. In 2020, the Group partnered Australian leading property development 

companies to acquire and develop new development land sites in both western and eastern Australia. The Group believes 

that the development projects will not only expand its footprints in Australia, but will also enable the Group to further build 

much resilience and sustainable earnings for its future business developments and growth.

OUTLOOK

The pandemic has impacted the global office rental market, which is expected to recover gradually. Moreover, continued 

border closures and travel restrictions will affect the Group in sourcing and evaluating new overseas investment opportunities. 

Against the backdrop of uncertainties in the global economy from the resurgence of transmissions of COVID-19 variants 

and risks from trade and geopolitical tensions, the Board and Management team will continue to monitor the operating 

environment and exert cautiousness in assessing any new investment opportunity that may arise.  

For more details on our approach to addressing the COVID-19 pandemic, please refer to our Board statement in the annual 

report. As Chuan Hup continues its journey in ensuring the long-term sustainability of our business, we appreciate the 

support that our stakeholders have provided us in these challenging times.

[102-14]

1

SUSTAINABILIT Y REPORT 2021


ABOUT THE REPORT

REPORTING FRAMEWORK [102-46][102-54]

This report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiatives (“GRI”) Standards (2018) – ‘Core’ option. The 

standard has been selected as a framework for reporting because it offers a standardised approach in disclosing material 

sustainability matters. We have applied the GRI Reporting Principles for Defining Report Content and Quality throughout the 

report. Reference has also been drawn from the SGX-ST Practice Note 7.6 in meeting the primary components as set out in 

the SGX-ST Mainboard Listing Rule 711(B).

REPORTING PERIOD AND SCOPE [102-50][102-51][102-52]

Chuan Hup has adopted a phased approach towards sustainability reporting. This report covers the sustainable practices of 

Chuan Hup’s investment holding business and the performance relating to issues from Chuan Hup’s operations. As Chuan Hup 

itself is not an operating company, the report does not consider issues which may be relevant for investee companies at their 

local operations or subsidiaries. This report outlines our sustainability journey and details the approach in managing material 

sustainability matters identified as part of the Group’s operations for the period of 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021 (“FY2021”) on an 

annual reporting cycle. Where applicable, one year of historical performance data has been included for reference.

INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE [102-56]

While we have not sought external assurance for this report, we will work towards doing so as our reporting matures over time.

FEEDBACK [102-53]

We welcome feedback from all stakeholders on our Sustainability Report. For any queries or comments on this report, please 

contact corpsec_legal@chuanhup.com.sg.

2

CHUAN  HUP  HOLDINGS  LIMITED


ABOUT CHUAN HUP [102-1][102-2][102-3][102-4][102-5][102-6][102-7]

Chuan Hup Holdings Limited (“Chuan Hup” or “the Group”) is an investment company with a diversified portfolio of strategic 

investments which includes investment properties and property developments (based on Annual Report 2021) in Singapore, 

Australia and the Philippines, as well as equity investments. 

Founded in 1970, Chuan Hup began as a tug and barge service provider to PSA Corporation in Singapore. Through the years, 

Chuan Hup has its reputation as one of the leading owners and operators of marine logistics to the resource industry. 

Following its listing on the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) in 1983, Chuan Hup 

diversified its business footprint to include property development and electronics manufacturing services under the then 

Sesdaq-turned-Mainboard listed PCI Limited (“PCI”).

In 2005, Chuan Hup divested its interests in the marine logistics business with a 29.1% out of a total interest of 52.8% in CH 

Offshore Ltd (“CHO”) to Scomi Marine Berhad (“Scomi”), for a consideration in cash and 28.9% interest in Scomi. In 2011, the 

Group divested all of its interests in Scomi. Subsequently, in 2015, the Group divested its remaining stake of 24.67% in CHO. 

With this, Chuan Hup had divested all of its interests in the marine logistics and oil &amp; gas sector.

In 2019, Chuan Hup divested all its interests in PCI thereby exiting the electronic manufacturing sector. 

With over two decades of experience in the property development sector, Chuan Hup has marked several milestones locally 

and in the Asia Pacific region. Starting off with its first residential project in Singapore in 1999, Chuan Hup then ventured 

overseas to invest in property development projects in Australia and the Philippines through strategic joint ventures with 

in-country local partners. 

In Australia, Chuan Hup’s associate, Finbar Group Limited, is recognised as a leading developer of residential apartment 

homes in Western Australia where the Group has on-going development projects with. As announced on 12 July 2021, the 

Group has formed a joint venture with Siera Group in Queensland to acquire and develop a development land site located in 

Surfers Paradise, Queensland. This new partnership has expanded its footprint in Australia where the Group hopes to see 

more projects in time to come.

In the Philippines, Chuan Hup’s associate Keyland Ayala Properties Inc., is both a developer and owner of prime real estate in 

the central business district of Makati.

In 2014, Chuan Hup decided to build a portfolio of investment properties with the objective of long-term recurring rental 

income by acquiring three floors of office space in GB Building. The acquisition of one floor of office space in The Central was 

later added to its portfolio in 2019. 

With a focus on delivering long-term sustainable growth, Chuan Hup will continue to explore investment opportunities to 

generate sustainable returns and value for its stakeholders.

3

SUSTAINABILIT Y REPORT 2021


SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE [102-18]

At Chuan Hup, the Board of Directors decides on the strategy and provides the overall direction and supervision of Senior 

Management on matters pertaining to ESG issues. Senior Management is responsible for the deployment of key sustainability 

policies and practices within Chuan Hup’s operations and provides regular updates on the performance of key ESG metrics to 

the Board. The Board and Senior Management work in tandem to ensure that all relevant ESG matters are incorporated into 

policy planning and business strategy and that the corporate’s obligations to stakeholders are fulfilled.

Figure 1. Our sustainability governance structure

The Board of Directors provides 

guidance on the overall 

direction for Chuan Hup’s 

sustainability. The Board is 

provided regular updates on 

the sustainability performance 

of the group and updates the 

Group’s sustainability strategy 

as needed.

Senior Management is 

responsible for the deployment 

of the sustainability strategy 

and agenda set by the Board. 

Senior Management ensures 

that the sustainability working 

group is aware of their 

responsibilities.

The sustainability working team 

comprises individuals from 

different departments including 

Finance, Human Resource, 

Information Technology and 

Corporate Secretary. This 

working group manages and 

collects data for reports on 

material ESG topics identified 

by the Board and Senior 

Management.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

SENIOR MANAGEMENT

SUSTAINABILITY

WORKING TEAM

Chuan Hup addresses sustainability matters effectively and consistently 

creates corporate values through a systematic approach.

4

CHUAN  HUP  HOLDINGS  LIMITED


Figure 2. Steps in our Materiality Assessment

The review of material matters was conducted and all four matters 

were determined to remain relevant and material to Chuan Hup.

The review of material topics was conducted for FY2020 and FY2021 in 

the context of COVID-19. It was concluded that all four material matters 

were still critical to Chuan Hup and relevant to our stakeholders.

Please refer to Figure 3 for the identified material matters.

Identification

A preliminary list 

of 14 different 

materiality topics 

relevant to our 

core business 

were identified.

Prioritisation

Relevant personnel 

rated and prioritised 

the Environmental, 

Social and 

Governance 

(ESG) matters.

Validation

The material 

matters selected 

earlier were 

presented to the 

Board for validation 

and confirmation.

FY2018

 MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

FY2019

REVIEW

FY2020 - FY2021

REVIEW

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT [102-47]

To adequately address the sustainability concerns of our stakeholders, Chuan Hup maps the materiality matrix by identifying 

material topics of most relevance and significance to stakeholders and their impact on corporate sustainability development. 

The first materiality assessment was conducted in 2018, when four material matters and one reporting matter were identified 

as summarised in Figure 3. These matters were re-examined on a yearly basis and were found still relevant to Chuan Hup. 

Moving forward, Chuan Hup will continue to monitor these material matters to ensure that they remain relevant and material.

5

SUSTAINABILIT Y REPORT 2021


Figure 3. Chuan Hup’s Materiality Matrix

Note: Non-material 

sustainability matters 

have been omitted 

from the matrix

Talent Management

Importance to simulated external stakeholders

Importance to Chuan Hup

Additional 

Reporting Matter

Sound Corporate Governance 

&amp; Business Ethics

Regulatory Compliance

Information Security &amp; Privacy

Health &amp; Safety

1

2

3

4

5

LOW

HIGH

HIGH

MATERIAL MATTERS 

MAPPED GRI STANDARDS TOPICS

TOPIC-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

Sound Corporate Governance 

and Business Ethics

GRI 102: Ethics and Integrity, Governance

GRI 205: Anti-corruption

205-3   –    Confirmed incidents of   

   corruption and actions taken

Regulatory Compliance

GRI 307: Environmental compliance

GRI 419: Socioeconomic compliance

307-1   –    Non-compliance with  

   environmental laws and  

   regulations

419-1    –   Non-compliance with laws and   

  regulations in the social and  

  economic area

Digitalisation &amp; Information 

Security 

Non-GRI1

Non-GRI –   Substantiated complaints  

  concerning breaches of privacy  

  and loss of organisation’s data

Health &amp; Safety

GRI 403 (2018): Occupational Health 

&amp; Safety

403-9   –   Work-related injuries

403-10  –   Work-related ill health

ADDITIONAL REPORTING MATTER

MAPPED GRI STANDARDS TOPICS

TOPIC-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

Talent Management

GRI 404: Training and Education

404-1  –    Average hours of training per    

 year per employee

404-2  –   Programmes for upgrading   

  employee skills and transition  

  assistance programmes

404-3  –   Percentage of employees   

  receiving regular performance  

  and career development reviews

Material Matters

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH (Cont’d)

1 GRI 418: Customer Privacy is not applicable to Chuan Hup as we do not have any business relationships with customers.

6

CHUAN  HUP  HOLDINGS  LIMITED


Relevance to Chuan Hup:

–  Impacting the financing 

of the corporate 

–  Benefiting back from 

sound decision-making

Relevance to Chuan Hup:

–  Impacting the action 

of Chuan Hup through 

policies and regulations 

Relevance to Chuan Hup:

–  Impacted by Chuan Hup’s 

social, economic and 

sustainable activities

–  Chuan Hup’s reputation 

and brand awareness built 

through the community

Relevance to Chuan Hup:

–  Impacting work 

productivity, thus Chuan 

Hup’s operation quality 

and business success

–  Career development 

and personal fulfillment 

affected by Chuan Hup

Key concerns:

–  Stable and long 

-term growth 

–  Sustainable returns 

to the business

Key concerns:

– Compliance with law 

and regulations

Key concerns:

– Good and responsible 

business that contributes 

back to society in a 

meaningful way

Key concerns:

– Fulfilling career

– Competitive wages

– Safe working environment

COVID-19 specific 

concerns:

–  Business resilience to the 

shock posed by COVID-19

COVID-19 specific concerns:

– Adherence to new 

workplace safe 

distancing guidelines 

by the government

COVID-19 specific concerns:

– Maintenance of support 

for community initiatives 

despite challenges 

posed by COVID-19

COVID-19 specific concerns:

– Job security

– Workplace flexibility

– Enhanced safety protocols 

in the office to prevent 

the spread of COVID-19

Our approach and 

engagement platforms: 

–  Reporting of performance 

of the business through 

the annual report 

–  Release of financial results, 

announcements and 

other relevant disclosures 

through SGXNet and the 

Chuan Hup website 

–  Reporting of 

sustainability policies 

and practices through 

the sustainability report 

–  Board Meetings 

–  Annual General 

Meeting (AGM) 

–  Extraordinary General 

Meeting (EGM)

Our approach and 

engagement platforms: 

– Regular revision of 

written policies to ensure 

compliance of applicable 

laws and regulations

– Adoption of tools 

and guidelines from 

government portal

– Timely submission of 

statutory contributions 

and declarations

– Implementation of safe 

distancing practices 

in the workplace

Our approach and 

engagement platforms: 

– Giving back to society 

through programmes 

and activities focused 

on youth and education 

and supporting 

charitable causes

– Provision of financial 

support for programmes

Our approach and 

engagement platforms: 

– Regular training 

programmes

– Yearly performance review

–    HR policies

– Providing timely updates 

on COVID-19 specific 

working arrangements

Frequency of engagement: 

–  Regularly

Frequency of engagement: 

–  Regularly

Frequency of engagement: 

–  Regularly

Frequency of engagement: 

–  Regularly

Figure 4. Summary of Chuan Hup’s Stakeholder Groups and how their concerns are managed

SHAREHOLDERS

COMMUNITY

GOVERNMENT

EMPLOYEES

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT [102-40][102-42][102-43][102-44]

Given the rapid development of global investment businesses in the past few years, it is important for investment companies 

to fully understand and be in tune with the expectations and concerns of their stakeholders. Stakeholder engagement has 

become a pertinent topic, especially during the prolonged period of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Chuan Hup has a formalised approach to gathering feedback from and communicating with key stakeholders on sustainability 

and business issues. Figure 4 provides a brief overview of the concerns of our key stakeholder groups and the approach that we 

have taken to manage them. Consistent engagement promotes the timely management of risks and opportunities that arise.

7

SUSTAINABILIT Y REPORT 2021


OUR GOVERNANCE

POLICIES/PRACTICES

DESCRIPTION

Policy on Work Ethics

All employees are always expected to adhere to a high standard of personal conduct and 

not to engage in any activities or interests that conflict with any of the Group’s business. 

This policy covers the following elements:

• General conduct

• Management of data and intellectual property

• Anti-corruption (conflict of interests, prohibition, non-solicitation)

Whistleblowing Policy

The policy serves to encourage and provide a channel to employees of the Company and 

any other persons to report in good faith and in confidence, without fear of reprisals, 

concerns about possible wrongdoing, or breach of applicable laws, regulations, policies or 

other matters.

Internal Code on

Dealing in Securities

Chuan Hup’s internal code on securities trading sets out the implications of insider 

trading and provides guidance and internal regulation on dealings in the Company’s 

securities by its Directors and employees.

Chuan Hup conducts internal and external audits regularly to review the company policies and practices and to reinforce 

our commitment. Feedback from all stakeholders during Annual General Meetings and Extraordinary General Meetings are 

communicated to Senior Management to further enhance and improve the Company’s business operations. Also, to ensure 

alignment with all regulatory requirements, the Directors and Senior Management have attended seminars on changes to the 

Code of Corporate Governance and SGX Listing Rules. 

More detailed corporate governance practices are set out in our Corporate Governance Report, found in pages 22 to 34 of 

Chuan Hup’s 2021 Annual Report, with specific reference to the principles of the Code of Corporate Governance 2018.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE, BUSINESS ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE TO LAWS [103-1]

Chuan Hup sets out, respects and commits to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance and business conduct 

to safeguard the interests of its stakeholders and advance our corporate reputation. Any non-compliance to applicable laws 

and regulations or breach of trust can cause operational disruption, huge financial loss and serious reputation damage, thus 

a further loss of existing or potential clients and opportunities. Chuan Hup has paid close attention to any regulatory changes 

that have occurred, especially in relation to the management of COVID-19, to ensure that we remain in compliance with 

requirements. Chuan Hup’s Board of Directors is directly responsible for the implementation and management of policies 

and practices on corporate governance.

POLICIES AND PRACTICES [102-16][103-2][103-3]

It is mandatory for all employees to adhere to Chuan Hup’s Corporate Governance policies and practices as summarised in 

Table 1. To ensure compliance, all employees are required to submit an annual declaration of non-conflict of interest with the 

Company’s business.

Table 1. Summary of Chuan Hup’s Corporate Governance Policies

8

CHUAN  HUP  HOLDINGS  LIMITED


DIGITALISATION AND INFORMATION SECURITY [103-1]

As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, businesses were required to explore and accelerate digital capabilities to support 

alternative work arrangements such as remote working. Chuan Hup started its digital transformation journey in the past year 

by studying the gaps in our digital infrastructure and adopting new technologies to meet the challenges arising from new 

working arrangements. While remote working provides employees with flexibility and safety, it also comes with risks relating to 

information security and privacy, which becomes increasingly complex to monitor outside of the office environment. In light of 

this, Chuan Hup has taken precautionary measures through enhancement of its digital security protocols and infrastructure 

to manage this risk.

POLICIES AND PRACTICES [103-2][103-3]

Driven by the new requirements of alternate working arrangement during the course of the COVID-19 pandemic, all employees 

in Chuan Hup were required to abide by the Group’s digitalisation and information security policy. This is in addition to the 

expected personal conduct requirement listed in the Company Employee Handbook. The new rules for server backup and 

IT security are summarised in Figure 5.

PERPETUAL TARGETS 

FY2020 &amp; FY2021

ACHIEVED

ZERO

reported incidents 

of corruption and 

fraud yearly

ZERO

non-compliance with 

laws and/or regulations 

resulting in significant 

fines, yearly

Figure 5. Summary of Chuan Hup’s Digitalisation and Information Security policy

WORK ETHICS UNDER COMPANY EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK 

• Confidentiality of Company Information

• Rules of Conduct for System Usage &amp; Security

• Personal Data Protection

SERVER BACKUP PROCEDURE AND POLICY 

Outline new backup procedures and incident reporting

IT SECURITY POLICY 

Aim to safeguard the confidentiality, integrity and 

availability of company information assets

To ensure that our server works properly and efficiently, we conduct real-time server health monitoring and review the 

server’s performance on a monthly basis.

TARGET AND PERFORMANCE [205-3][307-1][419-1]

During the reporting period, there were no cases of 

corruption and non-compliance with environmental and 

socioeconomic laws and regulations. Chuan Hup will 

continue to maintain this high standard of corporate 

governance by constantly reviewing and updating our 

policies and procedures to best meet our needs.

9

SUSTAINABILIT Y REPORT 2021


• Adoption of e-Payment

DIGITALISATION [Non-GRI]

The onset of the pandemic and the constant change in the business environment accelerated the digital transformation 

journey in Chuan Hup. In FY2021, as part of our Business Continuity Plan (“BCP”) and Business Continuity Management (“BCM”), 

we launched digitalisation initiatives for our suppliers, employees and all stakeholders. The practices are summarised below.

To ensure a smooth implementation and adaptation of these digital practices, our employees were accordingly provided the 

prerequisite training and knowledge for the utilisation of the digital tools. It is noteworthy that our digitalisation initiatives 

will not only expedite workflows amid the constant change in the business world, but also advance our paper-saving actions 

towards a low-carbon future.

INFORMATION SECURITY [Non-GRI]

Chuan Hup adopted a three-pronged approach to address the issue of information security. In FY2021, these measures had 

been enhanced to better meet the challenges arising from new workplace arrangements. An overview of these enhancements 

is summarised in Figure 7.

Figure 6. Summary of Chuan Hup’s Digitalisation Initiatives

Figure 7. Summary of Chuan Hup’s IT Security Policies and Practices

Basic measures

• Utilisation of next-generation 

firewalls and signature to 

protect staff’s web access

• Constantly updating anti-

malware software

• Corporate-wide password 

policy

Progressive measures 

against the pandemic

• Provision of secure laptop for 

work-from-home arrangements

• Installation of new onsite and 

cloud data backup solution

• Upgrading company 

broadband bandwidth to 

facilitate cloud backup

Basic measures

• IT User Guidelines in 

employee manual

• Email circulars and 

training reminding users 

to be cognisant of social-

engineering threats

• Provision of channels for staff 

to report security-related 

threats quickly

Progressive measures 

against the pandemic

• Educated staff on how to 

access company-secure VPN 

while working from home

Basic measures

• Adopted an automated log 

system to monitor all servers 

in real time and be alerted if 

any malicious activities are 

detected

• Monthly server maintenance

Progressive measures 

against the pandemic

• New server backup procedures 

and practices

IMPLEMENT 

COMMUNICATE

MONITOR

SUPPLIERS

EMPLOYEES

ALL STAKEHOLDERS

• Launch of e-Claim

• Implementation of Adobe  

 e-Sign, helping requestors  

 and approvers to perform the  

 function securely online

• Migration of Private  

 Automatic Branch Exchange  

 (PABX) to Microsoft Teams as  

 a unified collaboration  

 platform for team discussion,  

 chat, meetings, audio and  

 video calls

OUR GOVERNANCE (Cont’d)

10

CHUAN  HUP  HOLDINGS  LIMITED


The first layer of our approach was to roll out the latest technologies and implement data management best practices to ensure 

protection against confidential business data theft and leakages. This included the use of firewalls, anti-malware software, 

storage encryption and password reinforcement for our data management infrastructure. With the onset of the pandemic, 

we focused on improving our data backup process, which was vital with the shift to work-from-home arrangements. This was 

completed through the implementation of a two-tier digital backup system – onsite with a Synology RS820 server as well as 

an offsite cloud-based server through a Microsoft Azure Cloud subscription. Additionally, Accounting and Human Resources 

(“HR”) systems have been upgraded to allow for better management of electronic documents.

Chuan Hup further communicated with our staff to ensure that they comply with all the necessary best practices. This 

communication was done through the Employee Handbook, Chuan Hup’s House Rules Policy and periodic email circulars. 

Employees were also informed how to use Virtual Private Network (“VPN”) whilst working from home. The use of a VPN is 

important as it ensures that only authorised individuals can access sensitive files in the server.

Finally, we constantly monitor for occurrences of malicious activities within our server and conduct monthly server 

maintenance to ensure that the system is kept up to date against any new threats that may compromise our systems. We had 

also implemented new policies to ensure that data backup procedures were conducted regularly to prevent any loss of data.

In addition to the practices stated above, we plan to improve our digitalisation and information security schemes through 

more specific and workable programs in the coming financial year: 

•   Migration of all on-premise servers to the Cloud,

•   Updating of Disaster Recovery Plan, and

•   Enhancement of the authentication with two-factor authentication (“2FA”).

TARGETS AND PERFORMANCE [Non-GRI]

During the reporting period, there were no 

substantiated complaints with respect to breaches to 

our data systems. Despite the challenges to IT security 

resulting from work-from-home arrangements during 

this period, we were able to secure our data. We will 

continue to explore new technologies and practices 

to ensure that the integrity of our data is kept secure.

PERPETUAL TARGETS 

FY2020 &amp; FY2021

ACHIEVED

ZERO

Zero substantiated complaints 

concerning breaches of privacy and 

losses of organisation’s data

...??

..!!

11

SUSTAINABILIT Y REPORT 2021


11 Female

OUR PEOPLE

EMPLOYEE PROFILE [102-8]

We recognise that maintaining a capable and committed workforce is the key to delivering our business strategy and ensuring 

our ability to grow. Therefore, we developed and retained employees with diverse skills and backgrounds and commit to 

providing a nurturing, inclusive and safe environment for all our employees. Chuan Hup has responsibilities to provide 

support to our staff, especially during the severe disruptions caused by the pandemic. Our workforce decreased slightly from 

18 employees in FY2020 to 17 in FY2021. Compared to previous reporting periods, we attracted more younger employees this 

year as the older workforce retired. The workforce between 30 to 50 years old has been increased to 70%.

Figure 8. Employee profile by employment contract, employment type, employee category, gender and length of service in FY2021

TOTAL EMPLOYEES BY

EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT

TOTAL EMPLOYEES BY

EMPLOYEE CATEGORY

TOTAL EMPLOYEES BY

EMPLOYMENT TYPE

TOTAL EMPLOYEES BY

GENDER

12%

23%

12%

6%

35%

15 Permanent      2 Temporary

6 Male

16 Full Time

11 Staff

6 &lt; 5 Years

1 Part Time

2 Managers

3  5 – 10 Years

4 Senior Management

8  &gt; 10 Years

88%

65%

94%

65%

TOTAL EMPLOYEES BY

LENGTH OF EMPLOYMENT

47%

18%

35%

12

CHUAN  HUP  HOLDINGS  LIMITED


HEALTH AND SAFETY [103-1]

The onset of the global pandemic has placed health and safety in the workplace as an imperative concern for all businesses. As 

an employer, we recognise that a working environment with zero incidents or accidents is in everyone’s best interest. Chuan 

Hup is committed to protecting employees’ safety, health and well-being. Whether it is through implementing safe distancing 

measures in the office or facilitating staff to work from home, we have taken every step to ensure that our employees are 

protected from the risks of the virus where possible.

POLICIES AND PRACTICES [103-2][103-3][403-6]

In FY2021, we maintained our health and safety policies and implemented best practices to ensure our workplace safety, 

employee health and employee well-being in consideration of the pandemic, which are summarised below.

WORKPLACE SAFETY

EMPLOYEE HEALTH

EMPLOYEE WELL-BEING

Figure 9. Summary of Chuan Hup’s Health and Safety focus

ADDRESSING THE THREAT FROM COVID-19

Throughout the pandemic, we have complied with all health and safety restrictions imposed by the government’s regulations 

and taken cues directly from the Ministry of Manpower (“MOM”)’s advisories to implement measures to reduce the spread of 

the virus at the workplace. Chuan Hup has focused on three primary areas to manage this epidemic – effective communication, 

employee welfare and digitalisation. These strategies have been summarised in Figure 10.

Effective communication was a key part of our strategy to manage our pandemic response. Through a series of emails by HR 

and Senior Management, employees were kept abreast of new internal policies and safe workplace guidelines by MOM. These 

helped to prevent any confusion that might have resulted in breaches of safe workplace guidelines by MOM. Chuan Hup also 

conducted a survey on employees’ vaccination status to optimise safe workplace arrangements. Additionally, employees were 

able to reach out to HR or their managers if they had any concerns or difficulties whilst they were working from home.

Chuan Hup also continues to enhance the benefits provided to its employees during this period. We have committed to 

providing employees with more flexibility in their working hours since the onset of the pandemic. All employees were provided 

Chuan Hup strives to create a 

safe working environment for all 

our employees

Policies &amp; Practices

• ‘House Rule’ Policy

• Hazard Reporting System

Policies &amp; Practices for the 

Pandemic

• Safe Management Measures 

 

Chuan Hup is committed to 

providing health benefits for all 

our employees

Policies &amp; Practices

• Annual Health Screening

• Employee Health Insurance

Policies &amp; Practices for the 

Pandemic

• Safety kits for employees  

 returning to the workplace 

 

Chuan Hup is committed to a 

workplace environment that is 

free from harassment

Policies &amp; Practices

• Anti-Harassment Policy

Policies &amp; Practices for the 

Pandemic

• Flexible working arrangements  

• Work-from-home internet  

 allowance 

13

SUSTAINABILIT Y REPORT 2021


Figure 10. Summary of Chuan Hup’s COVID-19 response

OUR PEOPLE (Cont’d)

with laptops and IT equipment and monthly internet allowances to make the transition to working from home a smoother 

process. In addition, this year we continued to provide safety kits with face masks to employees to allow them to safely 

work from the office. Moreover, we took advantage of contactless face recognition and temperature scanning with SafeEntry 

system in compliance with Safety Management Measures in the workplace.

Finally, Chuan Hup took the opportunity to digitalise several of its workplace procedures carried out by employees. 

This includes the implementation of e-Claims, Adobe e-Sign, e-Invoice and e-documents management. Apart from these, 

we migrated PABX system to Microsoft Teams to better facilitate virtual meetings and communication between stakeholders.

EFFECTIVE COMMUNICATION 

AND AWARENESS RAISING

With the rapid changes to 

regulations and workplace 

requirements by the authorities 

to manage the COVID-19 

pandemic, Chuan Hup ensured 

that employees were regularly 

updated through email. 

This includes communication on:

–– General information on 

preventing spread of 

the COVID-19 virus

–– Measures to allow for safe 

distancing (i.e. staggered 

work times, work-from-home 

arrangements, physical 

management of office space)

–– Workplace arrangements 

for lockdown

–– Employee vaccine survey

EMPLOYEE WELFARE

In recognition of the potential 

difficulties that employees may 

face while adapting to new 

workplace arrangements, Chuan 

Hup has implemented several 

measures to reduce disruption. 

These include:

––  Flexible working hours

––  Flexible working arrangements

––  Safety kit provided to 

all employees  

––  Sourcing of IT equipment 

to facilitate work-from-

home arrangements

––  Monthly work-from-home  

internet allowance

––  Contactless face recognition 

and temperature scanning 

with SafeEntry system

WORKPLACE DIGITALISATION

 

COVID-19 has accelerated Chuan 

Hup’s uptake of new technologies 

to improve operational 

efficiency and resilience. 

These include:

––  Launching of e-Claims

––  Implementation of Adobe 

e-Sign to facilitate secured 

and verified approvals

––  E-invoice approval process

––  E-document 

management system

––  Migration of PABX system 

to Microsoft Teams to 

facilitate virtual meetings

––  Accounting and HR 

system enhancement

EXISTING MEASURES

14

CHUAN  HUP  HOLDINGS  LIMITED


Performance Indicators

FY2021

Number

Rate

Employees

17

N.A.

Work-related Fatalities

0

0

Work-related High-consequence Injuries

0

0

Work-related Recordable Injuries

0

0

Work-related Ill Health Cases (including fatalities)

0

0

Average Manhours worked (Hours)

2,074

N.A.

In addition, we have managed to achieve a 75% participation rate for our annual health screening. This is in line with our target 

of greater than 70%. Moving forward, we will continue to encourage all our employees to take part in this health screening. 

MENTAL HEALTH 

Besides physical health, Chuan Hup is concerned about the mental health of our employees. Understanding the significant 

changes to working arrangements, Chuan Hup took a proactive approach in understanding and addressing the concerns of 

our employees during the past year. During our regular employee meetings, we held a sharing session with our employees 

to gather their feedback on working from home and the challenges that they face. These included feedback on the 

implementation of hybrid working models as well as personal sharing on both the benefits and challenges that they face while 

working from home. Through these sharing sessions, we are better able to tailor our workplace policies and allow flexibility for 

our employees to work in a way that does not put a strain on their physical and mental well-being. 

TARGETS &amp; PERFORMANCE [403-9] [403-10]

Chuan Hup has achieved zero work-related fatalities, high consequence injuries2, injuries3, or work-related ill health cases4 

between FY2018 and FY2020. In FY2021, we continued to maintain a safe and healthy working environment for our employees, 

adapting to the global pandemic situation. In addition, since FY2018, our yearly average manhours have been maintained 

between 2,020 to 2,080 hours. Table 2 summarised our working health and safety performance in FY2021.

Meanwhile, our employees understand that the COVID-19 

vaccination will protect ourselves and our communities 

efficiently and contribute to resuming activities safely, 

so they have actively got vaccinated since last year. In 

FY2021, all employees have completed the 1st dose of the 

vaccination and all employees will finish their 2nd dose (fully 

vaccinated) by Sep 2021.

Table 2. Summary of Chuan Hup’s Workplace Health and Safety Performance

PERPETUAL TARGETS 

FY2020 &amp; FY2021

ACHIEVED

ZERO

incidents of 

injuries yearly

Achieve a

&gt;70%

participation rate for 

Chuan Hup annual 

health screening

2 Under GRI, high-consequence injuries refer to injuries where the worker cannot, does not, or is not expected to fully recover to pre-injury health status within 6 months.

3 Injury Rate is calculated as the total number of fatal and non-fatal workplace injuries per 200,000 hours worked during the reference period.

4 Under GRI, work-related ill health covers, but is not limited to, occupational diseases as defined by the International Labour Organisation.

15

SUSTAINABILIT Y REPORT 2021


TALENT MANAGEMENT [103-1]

Chuan Hup believes that a competent workforce could contribute to seizing opportunities as the economy charts its path 

towards the recovery from the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. We place significant emphasis on talent development 

and management. We are committed to attracting, managing, developing and retaining talented and excellent employees in 

a sustainable way. We take the effort to motivate employees and develop their skills and capabilities, helping to improve the 

Company’s business performance.

POLICIES AND PRACTICES [103-2][103-3]

Chuan Hup’s learning and development policy places emphasis on self-development whereby employees are encouraged to 

explore specific skillsets that they wish to develop and they will be supported by the Company, as appropriate. This enables 

and empowers our employees to take ownership of their personal growth and career development that may in turn improve 

their work productivity and efficiency. 

TARGETS &amp; PERFORMANCE [404-1][402-2][404-3]

Our employees at all levels participated in both internal and external training like information sessions about regulatory 

changes, market-specific seminars and training on the use of new digital software. In FY2021, Chuan Hup employees 

underwent 328 hours of training, a significant increase from FY2020 (182 hours).

An annual performance review for all employees was conducted by our HR department, which may come in the form of talent 

performance and career development evaluations. In FY2021, 100% of our employees underwent the annual performance 

review. This motivated employees to track their progress and identify potential areas of improvement that they should work 

on in the coming phase. 

Figure 11. Breakdown of FY2021 average training hours by employee category and gender

27.2

12.3

17.7

0

5

10

15

20

25

30

SENIOR 

MANAGEMENT

SUPERVISORS

STAFF

MALE

FEMALE

6.5 hrs

26.3 hrs

OUR PEOPLE (Cont’d)

16

CHUAN  HUP  HOLDINGS  LIMITED


GRI CONTENT INDEX

GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference Page(s) or

Reasons for Omission

General Disclosures

Organisational Profile

102-1

Name of the organisation

About Chuan Hup; Page 3

102-2

Activities, brands, products and services

About Chuan Hup; Page 3

102-3

Location of headquarters

About Chuan Hup; Page 3

102-4

Location of operations

About Chuan Hup; Page 3

102-5

Ownership and legal form

About Chuan Hup; Page 3

102-6

Markets served

About Chuan Hup; Page 3

102-7

Scale of the organisation

About Chuan Hup; Page 3

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Our People; Page 12

102-9

Supply chain

N.A. as Chuan Hup does not engage any suppliers

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its  

supply chain

None

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

Chuan Hup does not specifically address the 

Precautionary Principle. However, our approach  

to sustainability matters is risk-based

102-12

External initiatives

None

102-13

Membership of associations

None

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Statement from our Board; Page 1

Ethics and Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards and norms of behaviour

Our Governance; Page 8

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

 Sustainability Governance; Page 4

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder Engagement; Page 7

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

No collective bargaining agreements are in place

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Stakeholder Engagement; Page 7

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder Engagement; Page 7

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder Engagement; Page 7

Reporting Practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements

Refer to Annual Report

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

About the Report; Page 2

102-47

List of material topics

Materiality Assessment; Page 5 

102-48

Restatement of information

None

102-49

Changes in reporting

None

102-50

Reporting period

About the Report; Page 2

102-51

Date of most recent report

About the Report; Page 2

102-52

Reporting cycle

About the Report; Page 2

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

About the Report; Page 2

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards

About the Report; Page 2

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index; Pages 17-19

102-56

External assurance

About the Report; Page 2

17

SUSTAINABILIT Y REPORT 2021


GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference Page(s) or

Reasons for Omission

Topic-specific Standards and Disclosures

Sound Corporate Governance and Business Ethics

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Corporate Governance, Business Ethics and 

Compliance to Laws; Page 8-9

103-2

The management approach and its components

Corporate Governance, Business Ethics and 

Compliance to Laws; Page 8-9

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Corporate Governance, Business Ethics and 

Compliance to Laws; Page 8-9

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

Corporate Governance, Business Ethics and 

Compliance to Laws; Page 8-9

Regulatory Compliance

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Corporate Governance, Business Ethics and 

Compliance to Laws; Pages 8-9

103-2

The management approach and its components

Corporate Governance, Business Ethics and 

Compliance to Laws; Pages 8-9

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Corporate Governance, Business Ethics and 

Compliance to Laws; Pages 8-9

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations

Corporate Governance, Business Ethics and 

Compliance to Laws; Pages 8-9

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area

Corporate Governance, Business Ethics and 

Compliance to Laws; Pages 8-9

Digitalisation and Information Security

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Digitalisation and Information Security;  

Page 9-11

103-2

The management approach and its components

Digitalisation and Information Security;  

Page 9-11

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Digitalisation and Information Security;  

Page 9-11

Non-GRI

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 

privacy and loss of organisation’s data

Digitalisation and Information Security;  

Page 9-11

Health &amp; Safety

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Health and Safety; Pages 13-15

103-2

The management approach and its components

Health and Safety; Pages 13-15

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Health and Safety; Pages 13-15

403-1

Occupational health and safety management system

N.A.

403-2

Hazard identification, risk assessment and incident 

investigation

N.A.

403-3

Occupational Health Services

N.A.

403-4

Worker participation, consultation and communication 

on occupational health and safety

N.A.

403-5

Worker training on occupational health and safety

N.A.

403-6

Promotion of worker health

Health and Safety; Pages 13-15

403-7

Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and 

safety impacts directly linked by business relationships

N.A.

403-9

Work-related injuries

Health and Safety; Pages 13-15

403-10

Work-related ill health

Health and Safety; Pages 13-15

GRI CONTENT INDEX (Cont’d)

18

CHUAN  HUP  HOLDINGS  LIMITED


GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference Page(s) or

Reasons for Omission

Talent Management

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Talent Management, Page 16

103-2

The management approach and its components

Talent Management, Page 16

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Talent Management, Page 16

404-1

Average hours of training per employee

Talent Management, Page 16

404-2

Programmes for upgrading employee skills and transi-

tion assistance programmes

Talent Management, Page 16

404-3

Percentage of employees receiving regular perfor-

mance and career development reviews

Talent Management, Page 16

19

SUSTAINABILIT Y REPORT 2021


Chuan Hup Holdings Limited

(Co. Reg. No. 197000572R)

8 Eu Tong Sen Street

#24-90 The Central

Singapore 059818

Tel: (65) 6559 9700     Fax: (65) 6268 1937

Website: www.chuanhup.com.sg

Email: corpsec_legal@chuanhup.com.sg

