
CHUAN HUP 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

BUILDING STRONG FUNDAMENTALS

Sustainability Report 2018




CONTENTS

Statement from our Board ........................................................1

About the Report ......................................................................1

About Chuan Hup ....................................................................1

Sustainability Approach at Chuan Hup ......................................2

Materiality Assessment .........................................................2

Stakeholder Engagement .....................................................3

Community Involvement .......................................................3

Our People ...........................................................................4

Governance ..............................................................................4

Our Values ...........................................................................4

Sound Corporate Governance and Business Ethics .............5

Regulatory Compliance ........................................................5

Social .......................................................................................5

Information Security &amp; Privacy ..............................................5

Health &amp; Safety ....................................................................6

Talent Management &amp; Succession Planning .........................6

GRI Content Index ....................................................................6


STATEMENT FROM OUR BOARD

Dear Stakeholders,

At Chuan Hup Holdings Limited (“Chuan Hup” or the “Company”), we recognise the increasing importance of implementing sustainable 

business practices even as our business grows. As an expression of our firm belief, the Chuan Hup Board and Management are pleased 

to present our inaugural Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 30 June 2018 (“FY2018”). The Board and Management have 

identified the key material Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) factors of Chuan Hup as listed on page 2 and will continue 

to review these matters regularly. The Board considers sustainability issues as part of the Company’s overall strategy formulation. 

It oversees the management and monitoring of these ESG factors and takes them into consideration in the determination of the 

Company’s strategic direction and policies. 

The sustainability disclosures in this report complement our financial and corporate governance disclosures in our Annual Report to 

provide a holistic view of our Company’s financial and nonfinancial performance. As part of our ongoing efforts to deliver long-term 

value to our business partners, shareholders and customers, we will continue to communicate our commitment to sustainability and 

work together with all of you on this journey.

ABOUT THE REPORT

This is Chuan Hup’s first Sustainability Report, prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards 2016  

– “Core” reporting requirements. This report details our approach in managing material sustainability matters identified as part of the 

Group’s operations for the period of 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2018 (“FY2018”) on an annual reporting cycle. Where applicable, one year 

of historical performance data has been included for comparative purposes.

The scope of this report covers the sustainability performance of Chuan Hup’s investment holding business, and performance relating 

to issues from Chuan Hup’s own operations. As Chuan Hup itself is not an operating company, the report does not consider issues 

which may be relevant for investee companies at their local operations or subsidiaries.

While we have not sought external assurance for this report, we will work towards doing so as our reporting matures over time. 

We welcome feedback from all stakeholders on our Sustainability Report. For any queries or comments on this report, please 

contact corpsec_legal@chuanhup.com.sg.

ABOUT CHUAN HUP

Founded in 1970, Chuan Hup has grown into an investment company from its origins as a tug and barge service provider to PSA 

Corporation in Singapore. Today, it manages a diversified portfolio of strategic investments, including property sectors. Chuan Hup’s 

property investment portfolio spans across the region, with development projects in the Philippines, Malaysia, Thailand and Australia. 

Our principal activities are that of investment holding, investment trading and provision of management services.

In FY2018, Chuan Hup has a substantial shareholding of 76.7% in PCI Limited (“PCI”), which is in the business of providing electronics 

manufacturing services. Subsequent to the end of FY2018, Chuan Hup has disposed of all of its shares in PCI to Pagani Holding III 

Limited (“Pagani”) in connection with the acquisition by Pagani of all the issued shares in PCI which was effected by way of a scheme 

of arrangement (“Scheme”), following the Scheme becoming effective and binding in accordance with its terms on 29 April 2019.

The Group is also a substantial shareholder of Finbar Group Limited (“Finbar”), a leading Australian property developer listed on the 

Australian Stock Exchange since 1995 and Pacific Star Development Limited, a property developer listed on the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited.

Building Strong Fundamentals

// 1




SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH AT CHUAN HUP

Recognising the importance of corporate sustainability and the value of safeguarding the interests of our stakeholders, Chuan Hup 

seeks to conduct its business in a responsible manner. The Board of Directors is directly responsible for identifying and managing 

sustainability and its impact. Feedback is sought from the Annual General Meetings and Extraordinary General Meetings to support 

the Board. Our Enterprise Risk Management Framework helps the Board identify sustainability-related risk areas and opportunities, 

which is reviewed annually.

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

To identify issues that impact our mission and external stakeholders the most, we conducted our first materiality assessment in 

May 2018. Figure 1 provides a brief summary of our materiality assessment process.

Through the process, we have identified the top 4 most significant sustainability matters and an additional matter for this first 

sustainability report. This is presented in Figure 2 below, with the issues in no particular order.

1 

GRI 418: Customer Privacy is not applicable to Chuan Hup as we do not have any business relationships with customers.

Figure 2. Chuan Hup’s Materiality Matrix











































































































































































































































































































































































































Figure 1. Steps in our Materiality Assessment

Identification

Prioritisation

Approval &amp; 

Review

• A preliminary list of  

14 different materiality 

topics relevant  

to our core business  

were identified

• Relevant personnel 

rated and prioritised the 

Environmental, Social  

and Governance  

(ESG) matters

• Both internal and 

external stakeholders’ 

perspectives were taken 

into consideration

• Results mapped into a 

materiality matrix and 

approved by Board

• Approved material matters 

will continue to be  

re-assessed in 

subsequent reporting 

periods to ensure that  

the topics remain relevant 

&amp; material

Material Matters

Mapped GRI Standards Topics

1  Sound 

Corporate 

Governance 

and Business 

Ethics

GRI 102: Ethics and Integrity, Governance

GRI 205: Anti-corruption

2  Regulatory 

Compliance

GRI 307: Environmental compliance

GRI 419: Socioeconomic compliance

3  Information 

Security &amp; 

Privacy

Non-GRI1

4  Health &amp; 

Safety

GRI 403: Occupational Health &amp; Safety

Additional Reporting Matter

5  Talent 

Management 

&amp; Succession 

Planning

GRI 404: Training and Education

IMPORTANCE TO CHUAN HUP

IMPORTANCE TO SIMULATED EXTERNAL STAKEHOLDERS

High

Low

High

Non-material  

ESG factors

Talent Management  

&amp; Succession Planning

5

2

1

3

4

Sound Corporate Governance 

&amp; Business Ethics

Regulatory Compliance

Information Security  

&amp; Privacy

Health &amp; Safety

Additional 

Reporting  

Matter

Material 

Matters

Chuan Hup Holdings Limited / Sustainability Report 2018

2 //


STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Through a concerted effort in engaging our stakeholders, we are better able to understand their core concerns. This allows us to 

address their needs in the best way possible. The table below summarises our approach to meeting our stakeholders’ expectations.

Stakeholder 

Group

Key Concerns

Our Approach

Engagement Platform

Frequency of 

engagement

Shareholders

• Stable, long-term  

growth and 

sustainable returns

• Timely disclosures

• Ensure oversight and 

accountability by an 

experienced and competent 

Board and Management team

• Adopt a disciplined and 

measured approach 

towards business risks and 

opportunities

• Ensure robust risk 

management

• Release of financial results 

and announcement of other 

relevant disclosures through 

SGXNET

• Annual reports

• Website

Quarterly 

release through 

SGXNET

Employees

• Career development

• Competitive wages 

and benefits

• Work-life balance

• Workplace well-being

• Provide opportunities for 

training and development

• Ensure fair human resource 

policies

• Ensure transparent and 

objective performance 

appraisals and performance-

based rewards and 

recognition

• Allow flexible work

• Training and development 

programme

• HR policies and procedures

• Performance review

• Team-bonding and 

recreational activities

• Feedback channels

• Online employee portal with 

collaborative and social 

features

Regularly

Government

Compliance with laws 

and regulations

Complying with applicable laws 

and regulations, conducting 

regular internal and external audits

• Annual reports

• Audit reports

• Consultations with regulatory 

bodies

Regularly

Local 

Communities

Good corporate 

citizenship

Giving back to society through 

programmes and activities 

focused on youth and education 

and supporting charitable causes

• Donations

• Participating and supporting 

fundraising events

• Sponsorship of co-curricular 

activities

• Academic and non-academic 

awards

Regularly

COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT

As a responsible corporate citizen, we recognise our duty towards improving the lives of the less fortunate. To that end, we strongly 

believe in supporting educational initiatives. We believe that all students should receive a holistic education, regardless of their social 

background. As such, we have sponsored co-curricular activities and leadership programmes aimed at enhancing the skills, resilience, 

teamwork, sportsmanship and commitment of the student participants. In addition, we have supported a primary school through the 

introduction of two awards – the Chuan Hup Holdings Milestone Award and Chuan Hup Holdings Holistic Award – which recognise 

students who have achieved excellence in academic as well as non-academic performance.

We have also continued our financial support of the Singapore Cancer Foundation. These funds have been directed towards vital 

programmes, including in public education and research, financial assistance schemes, welfare services, as well as rehabilitation, 

cancer support groups and hospice care.

Building Strong Fundamentals

// 3




GOVERNANCE

OUR VALUES

As a company, we are committed to upholding and maintaining the highest standards of integrity and ethics in all of our business 

dealings at all times, as we firmly believe that doing so is imperative to the long-term sustainability of the Company’s development 

and performance while ensuring that the interests of our stakeholders are safeguarded. We strive to deliver long-term growth and 

sustainable returns for our stakeholders through discipline, prudence and resilience. Our commitment to the well-being and nurturing 

of our people extends to our community and the environment. 

For a detailed report on our corporate governance practices, please refer to our Annual Report 2018, with specific reference to the 

principles of the Code of Corporate Governance 2012.

OUR PEOPLE

Although few in numbers, every member of the Chuan Hup family plays an essential part in the success of our business. As an 

organisation, we are committed to providing an inclusive environment under which our members would be allowed to flourish.  

In FY2018, our workforce consisted of a total of 18 employees, of which majority were employed under a permanent contract and only 

one employee working on a part-time basis. Figure 3 provides a more in-depth look at the demographics of our workforce.

Employee Data by Gender

Employee Data by Category

Figure 3. Breakdown of employment data by gender and employment category for FY2017 and FY2018

FY2017

FY2018

■ Male     ■ Female

■ Staff     ■ Supervisors     ■ Senior Management

22%

78%

75%

25%

FY2017

65%

23%

12%

FY2018

65%

23%

12%

Chuan Hup Holdings Limited / Sustainability Report 2018

4 //


SOUND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BUSINESS ETHICS

Chuan Hup has multiple policies in place to ensure sound corporate governance and business ethics are practised throughout our 

business operations. The Policy on Work Ethics serves to ensure that employees and persons acting on behalf of the Company 

adhere to a high standard of personal conduct at all times, refraining from engaging in any activity that would be deemed to 

be a conflict with any of the Group’s businesses. Procedures to address and resolve grievances are also made available at the 

organisation level, where employees can raise concerns to their immediate supervisors, HR department or the Management. 

The Company has also implemented a whistleblowing policy, which serves to encourage and provide a channel for employees and 

any other persons to report in good faith and in confidence, without fear of reprisals, concerns about possible wrongdoing or breach of 

applicable laws, regulations, policies or other matters. The objectives for such an arrangement is to ensure independent investigation 

of such matters and for appropriate follow-up action. A whistleblower (employees or members of the public) may report concerns 

directly to the Chairman of the Audit Committee.

Chuan Hup’s Internal Code on Dealings in Securities sets out the implications of insider trading, providing guidance and internal 

regulation on dealings in the Company’s securities by its Directors and employees.

Internal and external audits are conducted regularly by external firms, to review company policies and practices. The Management 

also obtains feedback from all stakeholders during Annual General Meetings and Extraordinary General Meetings to enhance and 

improve the Company’s business operations.

Chuan Hup’s Board of Directors is directly responsible for the implementation and management of these practices. 

These policies are communicated to all our staff and we are proud to announce that we have achieved all the targets set out 

for FY2018:

Zero reported incidents of corruption and fraud, yearly

Achieved

Zero non-compliance with laws and/or regulations resulting in significant fines, yearly

Achieved

REGULATORY COMPLIANCE

Full compliance with all relevant laws and regulations is the fundamental basis of our promise as a business with the highest 

standards of ethics and integrity. We actively strive to ensure adherence to all laws and regulations in Singapore and are 

pleased to report that there were no reported cases of non-compliance with laws and regulations in both the environmental and 

socioeconomic areas in FY2018, which we will continue to uphold.

SOCIAL

INFORMATION SECURITY &amp; PRIVACY

Chuan Hup acknowledges that information systems downtime and any breach in company security systems may potentially have 

an adverse impact on the accuracy, integrity and completeness of data and information provided to our business partners and 

stakeholders. As such, we have multiple policies and mitigation practices to prevent and circumvent such problems should they arise. 

We have implemented next-generation firewalls and signatures to protect our staff’s web access, further ensuring that our systems 

are always installed with up-to-date anti-malware software. Staff are also obliged to report any security related threats and incidents 

to the appropriate department, allowing the action to be taken efficiently. 

The aforementioned Work Ethics policy also requires all employees to uphold the highest standards of business conduct with regards 

to personal data protection. All staff members are to observe the regulations and obligations mandated under the Personal Data 

Protection Act (PDPA). Additionally, under the House Rules policy, the Company has IT User Guidelines in which data and information 

handling processes are explained in detail. 

In the event of an attack, network system vulnerabilities are mitigated in a timely manner. Comprehensive policies and procedures 

will then be put in place to ensure that similar attacks do not occur. All staff will also be educated on social engineering attacks and 

potential security loopholes further improving our performance. 

Chuan Hup has a high level of commitment towards ensuring that there are zero breaches of our security systems or days of a cyber-

attack. We are proud to have achieved these targets set out for FY2018 and will continue to strive for such results in the future. 

Building Strong Fundamentals

// 5




HEALTH &amp; SAFETY

Workplace health and safety is one of our top priorities, and Chuan Hup recognises that every single employee has the right to work in 

a safe and healthy environment. Our House Rule mandates that safety regulations and practices must be observed by every employee 

at all times and applies to all employees. 

It is also compulsory for all our staff to attend the yearly fire drill exercise, which would equip them with the relevant knowledge to 

act accordingly in times of emergencies. Additionally, in the aftermath of any event, Hazard Reporting and Investigations will be 

conducted by the HR department to prevent any reoccurrence. The results of the investigations will also be used to promote even 

higher standards of workplace safety and further strengthen the safety culture amongst employees.

Our policies are geared towards upholding and promoting the best practices, ensuring that our target for zero incidents of injuries is met. 

In FY2017 and FY2018, there were no reports of work-related fatalities, injuries2 or occupational diseases3. We hope to continue this 

excellent record in the years to come.

The total absentee rate4 in FY2018 is as follows:

Absentee Rate

Male

Female

Total

FY2017

FY2018

FY2017

FY2018

FY2017

FY2018 

0

0.19

2.18

3.08

1.74

2.44

TALENT MANAGEMENT &amp; SUCCESSION PLANNING

Developing Chuan Hup’s human capital is imperative to the success of our business. We champion and support the personal and 

professional growth of all our employees, encouraging them to take up relevant courses that would broaden their knowledge and 

allow them to contribute to a skilled workforce as well as the Company’s growth. As such, an integrated approach towards talent 

management and succession planning is adopted in alignment with the Group’s overall goals. 

The Learning &amp; Development Policy ensures that the skills and competencies of our present employees can be upgraded and 

enhanced through internal training courses and external training courses such as IT or job-related training. These trainings are reviewed 

and feedback is sought annually to ensure that they meet the needs of our staff members. 

Funding is also provided for employees who wish to pursue academic and professional development programmes. We place heavy 

emphasis on developing the soft skills and functional skills of our employees. As such, we also encourage our employees to engage in 

different forms of self-development which may be completely unrelated to their jobs. We encourage our employees to take ownership 

of their learning, which would ensure that the trainings provided are effective and practical. 

In the years ahead, we will continue to support our employees to engage in e-learning courses.

To identify training gaps, we conduct performance reviews for all our employees. These reviews may include performance or career 

development evaluations and are in place to ensure the continued career success for our employees.

GRI CONTENT INDEX

GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference Page(s) or Reasons for Omission

General Disclosures

Organizational Profile

102-1

Name of the organization

Chuan Hup Holdings Limited

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

About Chuan Hup: page 1

102-3

Location of headquarters

Annual Report 2018: page 22

102-4

Location of operations

Annual Report 2018: page 22

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Annual Report 2018: pages 113 – 114

102-6

Markets served

Annual Report 2018: pages 8 –13

102-7

Scale of the organization

About Chuan Hup: page 1

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Our People: page 4

102-9

Supply chain

NA as Chuan Hup does not engage any suppliers

102-10

Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain

None

2 

Injury Rate as defined by the Ministry of Manpower (MOM) is calculated as the total number of fatal and non-fatal workplace injuries per 100,000 employees during the 

reference period.

3 

Occupational Disease Rate as defined by the International Labour Organization (ILO) is calculated as the number of new cases of occupational disease relative to the 

total number of hours worked by workers per 100,000 employees during the reference period.

4 

Absentee Rate as defined by GRI standards is the total days of absence relative to the total days scheduled to be worked by employees during the reference period, 

expressed as a percentage.

Chuan Hup Holdings Limited / Sustainability Report 2018

6 //


GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference Page(s) or Reasons for Omission

General Disclosures

Organizational Profile

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

Chuan Hup does not specifically address the principles of 

the precautionary approach.

102-12

External initiatives

None

102-13

Membership of associations

None

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Statement from Our Board: page 1

Ethic and Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior

Annual Report 2018: pages 25 – 37

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

Chuan Hup’s Board and Senior Management maintain 

oversight for sustainability matters. 

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder Engagement: page 3

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

No collective bargaining agreements are in place.

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Stakeholder Engagement: page 3

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder Engagement: page 3

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder Engagement: page 3

Reporting Practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

Annual Report 2018: pages 83 – 86

102-46

Defining report content and topic Boundaries

About the Report: page 1

102-47

List of material topics

Materiality Assessment: page 2

102-48

Restatement of information

NA as this is the first year of reporting.

102-49

Changes in reporting

NA as this is the first year of reporting.

102-50

Reporting period

1 July 2017 – 30 June 2018

102-51

Date of most recent report

NA as this is the first year of reporting.

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

About the Report: page 1

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

About the Report: page 1

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index: page 6

102-56

External assurance

About the Report: page 1

Topic-specific Disclosures

Sound Corporate Governance and Business Ethics

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Sound Corporate Governance and Business Ethics: page 5

103-2

The management approach and its components

Sound Corporate Governance and Business Ethics: page 5

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Sound Corporate Governance and Business Ethics: page 5

205-2

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies 

and procedures

Sound Corporate Governance and Business Ethics: page 5

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

Sound Corporate Governance and Business Ethics: page 5

Regulatory Compliance

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Regulatory Compliance: page 5

103-2

The management approach and its components

Regulatory Compliance: page 5

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Regulatory Compliance: page 5

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations

Regulatory Compliance: page 5

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social 

and economic area

Regulatory Compliance: page 5

Information Security &amp; Privacy

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Information Security &amp; Privacy: page 5

103-2

The management approach and its components

Information Security &amp; Privacy: page 5

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Information Security &amp; Privacy: page 5

Health &amp; Safety

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Health &amp; Safety: page 6

103-2

The management approach and its components

Health &amp; Safety: page 6

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Health &amp; Safety: page 6

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, 

lost days, and absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities

Health &amp; Safety: page 6

Talent Management and Succession Planning

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Talent Management &amp; Succession Planning: page 6

103-2

The management approach and its components

Talent Management &amp; Succession Planning: page 6

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Talent Management &amp; Succession Planning: page 6

404-2

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 

assistance programs

Talent Management &amp; Succession Planning: page 6

Building Strong Fundamentals

// 7






Chuan Hup Holdings Limited

(Co. Reg. No. 197000572R)

8 Jurong Town Hall Road

#26-01 The JTC Summit

Singapore 609434

Tel: (65) 6559 9700  Fax: (65) 6268 1937

Website: www.chuanhup.com.sg

Email: corpsec_legal@chuanhup.com.sg

