




INTEGRATED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022



ZERO

FUTURE

VALUE

IN

ON




6 

Dedicated To Sustainability Integration



4 

2021 Sustainability Highlights

5 

About CDL

7 

Sustainability Accolades &amp; Awards

8 

Executive Chairman Statement

10 

Group CEO Statement 

14 

Longstanding &amp; Unwavering Leadership Commitment

16 

Market Review &amp; Performance 

17 

Sustainable Finance

18 Delivering Value &amp; Best Practices



19 

Creating Sustainable Growth While Delivering  

on Purpose

22 

On Track to Achieving Future Value 2030 Goals  

&amp; Annual Targets

24 

Dynamic Approach to Materiality Assessment

30 

Turning Risks to Opportunities for Sustainability

37 

Integrating Sustainability into our Value Chain

38 

Best Practices &amp; ESG Commitments

40 Driving Innovation &amp; Building Performance



42 

Smart, Sustainable &amp; Super Low Carbon (3S)  

Building Framework

45 

Driving Innovation &amp; Digital Transformation

47 

Championing Innovation through Partnerships 

CONSERVING AS WE CONSTRUCT 

SINCE 1995

50 

Innovation Highlights for Safe, Healthy &amp;  

Smart Buildings

52 

Uplifting Customer Experience through Digital 

Engagement

55 

Delivering Quality Buildings and High Safety 

Standards

56 Decarbonising Towards Net Zero



58 

Enhanced Ambition in the Global Race to Net Zero

60 

Carbon Reduction Strategy &amp; Performance

64 

Energy Reduction Strategy &amp; Performance

68 

Climate Change Scenario Analysis of 1.5˚C  

Warmer Scenario

70 

Water Reduction Strategy &amp; Performance

74 

Waste Management Strategy &amp; Performance

76 

Minimising Environmental Impact on our Communities

78 

Achieving a Resilient Supply Chain &amp; Sustainable 

Sourcing

81 

Protecting Biodiversity &amp; Natural Habitats

82 Determined To Create A Fair, Safe &amp; 



Inclusive Business Environmen



t 



84 

Corporate Governance

85 

Corporate Policies &amp; Guidelines

87 

Dedication to Occupational Health, Safety  

&amp; Well-Being

92 

Human Capital &amp; Development

99  Developing Sustainable Communities



 



101 Community Investments

103 International and Local 3P Partnerships and 

Thought Leadership Initiatives in 2021 

111 Trade and Industry Associations

114 TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures



114 TCFD Disclosure

121 CDSB Disclosure

122 SASB Real Estate Sector Disclosure

127 Annexes



 



127 Report Period &amp; Scope 

129 Key Performance Summary

133 Breakdown of Environmental Performance in 2021

134 ISO 14064 Reasonable Assurance Statement

136 Independent Reasonable Assurance Statement  

(GRI, SASB)

150 Independent Limited Assurance Statement  

(CDSB, TCFD)

154 GRI Content Index

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

2

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 



Sustainability Integration








GLOSSARY OF 

KEY ABBREVIATIONS 



3P – People, Public and Private

3S Green Building Framework – Smart, Sustainable 

and Super Low Carbon Green Building Framework 

ABC Waters – Active, Beautiful, Clean Waters

AFR – Accident Frequency Rate

AI – Artificial Intelligence

ARC – Audit and Risk Committee 

BCA – Building and Construction Authority 

BIA – Biodiversity Impact Assessment 

BIPV – Building-integrated photovoltaics 

BSC – Board Sustainability Committee

CDSB – Climate Disclosure Standards Board

CIX – Climate Impact Exchange

CONQUAS – Construction Quality Assessment System 

CSO – Chief Sustainability Officer

EC – Executive Condominium 

EHS – Environment, Health and Safety 

EIA – Environmental Impact Assessment 

EIC – Enterprise Innovation Committee 

ERM – Enterprise Risk Management 

ESG – Environmental, Social, Governance 

GHG – Greenhouse gas 

GRI – Global Reporting Initiative 

HPB – Health Promotion Board 

HR – Human Resource 

HODs – Heads of Departments

IAQ – Indoor Air Quality

IEQ – Indoor Environmental Quality 

IoT – Internet of Things

IPCC – Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change

ISSB – International Sustainability Standards Board

MOM – Ministry of Manpower

MSE – Ministry of Sustainability and the Environment 

NbS – Nature-based Solutions

NCS – Natural Climate Solutions 

NEA – National Environment Agency 

NGFS – Network for Greening the Financial System

NGO – Non-Governmental Organisation 

NLB – National Library Board

PPVC – Prefabricated Prefinished Volumetric Construction 

PUB – PUB, Singapore’s National Water Agency 

PV – Photovoltaics

raiSE – Singapore Centre for Social Enterprise

REC – Renewable Energy Certificate 

R&amp;D – Research and Development

SASB – Sustainability Accounting Standards Board

SBTi – Science Based Targets initiative 

SEC – Singapore Environment Council

SERIS – Solar Energy Research Institute of Singapore

SGBC – Singapore Green Building Council 

SGX – Singapore Exchange 

SLE – Super Low Energy 

SMM – Safe Management Measures 

SSA – Singapore Sustainability Academy

SUTD – Singapore University of Technology and Design

TAFEP – Tripartite Alliance for Fair &amp; Progressive 

Employment Practices

TCFD – Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures

TOP – Temporary Occupation Permit

UN SDGs – United Nations Sustainable Development Goals  

UNDP – United Nations Development Programme 

UNEP – United Nations Environment Programme

UNFCCC – United Nations Framework Convention on 

Climate Change 

UNGC – United Nations Global Compact

URA – Urban Redevelopment Authority 

UVC – Ultraviolet C

VRF – Value Reporting Foundation 

WFH – Work From Home

WorldGBC – World Green Building Council

WSH – Workplace Safety and Health

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

3

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary



Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary


































CDL CSO invited to speak at COP26 panels;  

CDL was the only Singapore company 

in attendance







Premier Standing on 13 global sustainability ratings, 

rankings and indexes

















Ranked 5th in Global 100 Most Sustainable 

Corporations in the World; Top real estate 

management and development company globally









Maintained Double ‘A’s in CDP for climate  

change (since 2018) and water security (since 2019); 

CDP Supplier Engagement Leader for 2nd 

consecutive year

















GRESB Global Sector Leader and Overall 

Regional Sector Leader (Diversified – Office/Retail)

















































Only Singapore company awarded the  

Terra Carta Seal by HRH The Prince of Wales















One of 44 signatories globally to pledge to WorldGBC’s 

Net Zero Carbon Buildings Commitment covering 

whole life carbon





























Raised Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions intensity reduction 

target to 63% (from new baseline year 2016), 

validated by Science Based Targets initiative





























42% reduction in carbon emissions intensity from  

2007 levels







114 BCA Green Mark certifications for our 

developments and office interiors* – Most awarded  

BCA Green Mark Platinum amongst private developers





First BCA Green Mark Platinum Super Low Energy 

Certification for Residential Building and Serviced 

Apartments, Office and Retail Buildings for 80 Anson Road

















&gt;$34 million in energy savings from  

energy-efficient retrofitting and initiatives across all our 

commercial buildings from 2012 to 2021









&gt;$3 billion sustainable financing secured  

since 2017













$2.6 billion Group revenue in 2021

* 

Includes subsidiaries and associated companies

2021 SUSTAINABILITY 

HIGHLIGHTS

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

4

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 



Sustainability Integration








ABOUT 

CDL 

City Developments Limited (CDL) is a leading global real 

estate company with a network spanning 112 locations 

in 29 countries and regions. Listed on the Singapore 

Exchange, the Group is one of the largest companies 

by market capitalisation. Our income-stable and 

geographically-diverse portfolio comprises residences, 

offices, hotels, serviced apartments, shopping malls and 

integrated developments.

With a proven track record of over 55 years in real estate 

development, investment and management, CDL has 

developed over 47,000 homes and owns over 23 million 

square feet of gross floor area in residential, commercial 

and hospitality assets globally. Our diversified global land 

bank offers 3.5 million square feet of land area.

Along with our wholly-owned hotel subsidiary, Millennium &amp; 

Copthorne Hotels Limited (M&amp;C), the Group has 152 hotels 

and 44,000 rooms worldwide, many in key gateway cities. 

Leveraging our deep expertise in developing and managing 

a diversified asset base, the Group is focused on enhancing 

the performance of our portfolio and strengthening our 

recurring income streams to deliver long-term sustainable 

value to shareholders. The Group is also developing a fund 

management business and targets to achieve USD 5 billion 

in Assets Under Management (AUM) by 2023.

VISION, MISSION AND VALUES



Since the 1990s, sustainability has been integrated into 

CDL’s corporate vision and mission to create enhanced 

value for our business and stakeholders. Our sustainability 

vision and mission support CDL’s business objectives and 

growth strategy as we evolve into the global real estate 

conglomerate of today.



CORPORATE VISION AND MISSION 

We aim to be recognised by customers, employees 

and peers as an innovative creator of quality and 

sustainable spaces.

We will:

Conceptualise spaces and solutions

Respect planet Earth

Encourage diversity of people and ideas

Advance the communities we operate in

Take prudent risk for sustainable returns

Embrace a forward-looking mindset

CORPORATE VALUES

Innovation 

is crucial to our success

Collaboration 

is the best way to achieve exponential results

Integrity 

is at the core of everything that we do

CORPORATE ETHOS 

Conserving as We Construct 

SUSTAINABILITY VISION

Changing the Climate. Creating Sustained Value.

SUSTAINABILITY MISSION

Harnessing our capitals with strong ESG performance 

to create long-term value for our business, stakeholders, 

and the environment.

GRI 2-1

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

5

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 



Sustainability Integration
















DEDICATED TO 

SUSTAINABILIT Y 

INTEGRATION




OTHER ACCOLADES AND AWARDS:



Asia Sustainability Reporting Awards 2020

• 

Best Integrated Report – Gold

• 

Best Integrated Report (Design) – Gold

• 

Best Carbon Disclosure – Gold

• 

Best Materiality Reporting – Gold

• 

Best Environmental Reporting – Silver

DADs for Life &amp; Centre for Fathering

• 

Great Companies for Dads Award

Equileap Gender Equality 2021 Global Report  

and Ranking

• 

Top-ranked Singapore company

HR Asia Awards 2021

• 

Best Companies to Work for in Asia

Human Resources Director Asia 

• 

5-Star Employer of Choice Awards 2021  

– Winner

IDC Future Enterprise Awards 2021

• 

Best in Future of Connectedness

President’s Challenge

• 

Token of Appreciation

Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents 

(RoSPA) Awards 2021

• 

Order of Distinction (for 16 consecutive Golds)

Singapore Governance and Transparency Index 

2021

• 

Ranked 4th out of 519 companies

Sustainable Business Awards 2020/21

• 

Overall Winner (Large Corporation)

• 

Winner

– Sustainability Strategy

– Energy Management

– Water Management

– Waste Productivity and Materiality

– Climate Change and Emissions

– Stakeholder Management

• 

Significant Achievement

– Business Ethics and Responsibility

– UN SDGs

Terra Carta Seal

• 

Only Singapore company awarded

Workplace Safety and Health Awards 2021

• 

WSH Developer Award

SUSTAINABILITY 

ACCOLADES &amp; AWARDS 





This list is not exhaustive. For a full listing of CDL corporate and project awards, please refer to www.cdl.com.sg



. For a full listing of CDL sustainability awards, please refer to www.cdlsustainability.com



 

The use by CDL of any MSCI ESG Research LLC or its affiliates (“MSCI”) data, and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service marks or index names herein, do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, recommendation, or promotion of CDL by 

MSCI. MSCI services and data are the property of MSCI or its information providers, and are provided ‘as-is’ and without warranty. MSCI names and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI.

Top 8% Amongst 

CDP Participants for 

Supplier Engagement 

on Climate Change



Since 2002

Rated Prime 

since 2018



ESG Leaders Index  

ESG Transparency 

Index since 2016



World's Top Real Estate Management 

&amp; Development Company; Top 

Singapore Company; Only Singapore 

Company Listed for 13 Consecutive 

Years; Ranked 5th Overall



Dow Jones Sustainability Indices 

(World and Asia Pacific) since 

2011; S&amp;P Global Sustainability 

Yearbook 2022 Member

Only Company in Southeast Asia &amp; 

Hong Kong to Maintain Double ‘A’s for 

Climate Change (since 2018) &amp; Water 

Security (since 2019); Only Singapore 

Company to Score an A in 2021



Global Sector Leader &amp; 

Overall Regional Sector Leader 

(Diversified - Office/Retail)

 ‘AAA’ rating since 2010



ESG Global 50 Top Rated 

and ESG Industry Top 

Rated in 2021









Only Singapore  

Real Estate Company 

since 2018



Since 2018



Since 2014



C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

7

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 



Sustainability Integration














Dear Stakeholders,



2021 has been a year of recalibration. It saw us navigate 

the winds of change towards a “new normal” and accelerate 

towards a net zero world. In a year characterised by 

global economic, climate and social disruptions, the world 

has shifted its focus towards recovery and resilience.

The harsh reality is that climate change has not ceased 

during the COVID-19 pandemic and has continued to 

threaten humanity and our living environment. Extreme 

weather has already destroyed homes, businesses, and 

lives causing trillions of dollars in damages. Despite 

these, discussions at COP26 were heartening. Countries 

have agreed to review their plans to align with the Paris 

Agreement target of limiting global warming up to 1.5ºC 

compared to pre-industrial levels. The global climate summit 

also saw the unprecedented commitments to net zero goals 

and the pledging of trillions of dollars required to fund the 

transition towards a more sustainable future in the private 

sector. CDL is proud to be one of the companies which 

has committed to a zero-carbon future, through our World 

Green Building Council (WorldGBC) Net Zero Carbon 

Buildings Commitment made in February 2021. 

As the world continues to adapt to the disruptions caused by 

COVID-19, transformation is key for corporates to transition 

towards a greener future. At CDL, sustainability has been 

integral to our business strategy for the past two decades. 

With the support of multiple stakeholders, we have achieved 

great progress. However, the deep urgency of climate 

change is imminent, and we must continue to do more. 

In this decade of urgent action, CDL 



will continue to raise the bar for ESG 



integration and set new benchmarks 



for a greener, more inclusive world.



Kwek Leng Beng

Executive Chairman

Maintaining Operational Resilience



 



Amidst global uncertainties and challenges, CDL remains 

convicted to integrating Economic, Environmental, Social 

and Governance factors into our core business. This 

has enabled us to pre-empt and mitigate enterprise risk, 

contributing to the long-term success of our company. 

Due to the prolonged impact of COVID-19, the road 

to recovery remains uneven. However, the accelerated 

vaccine deployment across the world and the gradual 

easing of border restrictions serves as light at the end of the 

tunnel. Despite these challenges, the Group has returned 

to profitability for 2H 2021 and FY2021. With hotel 

operations showing significant improvement, the hospitality 

sector’s rebound is imminent. The property development 

segment contributed almost half of the Group's total 

revenue, propelled by strong performing Singapore 

projects such as Whistler Grand, Amber Park, The Tapestry 

and Irwell Hill Residences, as well as overseas projects, 

including Shenzhen Longgang Tusincere Tech Park, and 

contribution from New Zealand land sales.

With the tightened social and workplace measures over 

the past two years, our global tenants remain significantly 

impacted. Since the beginning of the pandemic in 2020, 

we have provided over $40 million in property tax and 

rental rebates, operational and marketing support to our 

tenants to help them navigate through these challenging 

times. Millennium &amp; Copthorne Hotels Limited (M&amp;C), our 

hospitality arm, also rolled out support programmes to 

frontline healthcare workers and displaced guests.

EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN  

STATEMENT





C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

8

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 



Sustainability Integration










EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN  

STATEMENT

In spite of the global pandemic and the resurgence 

of infections, the Group will continue to forge ahead 

with resilience and agility, accelerating our creation of 

innovative and green solutions. Our strong focus on capital 

recycling and our prudent corporate strategy continue to 

put us in good stead to emerge stronger. 

Building Climate Resilience 



While the world races towards its net zero goals, 

Singapore has been steadfast in its commitment. In her 

national statement at COP26, Minister for Sustainability 

and the Environment, Ms Grace Fu, highlighted the 

Singapore Green Plan 2030 as a nationwide movement 

to fight climate change, emphasising Singapore’s resolve 

to contribute to international climate action. In February 

2022, the government cemented these commitments, 

announcing that Singapore would raise its ambition to 

achieve net zero emissions by or around 2050. There are 

also plans in the pipeline to progressively increase carbon 

tax from 2024 to 2030, to help achieve these goals. 

Singapore further demonstrated this commitment by 

strengthening the regulatory requirements for reporting 

disclosures. In August 2021, the Singapore Exchange 

Regulation proposed a roadmap for climate-related 

disclosures to be mandated for listed companies in 

Singapore, and for greater efforts to enhance board 

diversity. This is amid “urgent demand for such information 

from lenders, investors, and other key stakeholders”, 

demonstrating clear stakeholder demand for relevant, 

comparable, and consistent disclosures from companies. 

With COVID-19 being a “wake-up call” for decision 

makers to prioritise a more sustainable approach to 

investment, ESG has now become a competitive advantage 

for companies. Leading asset managers BlackRock1 and 

Morgan Stanley2 have published data that sustainable funds 

have outperformed their non-ESG peers, and Bloomberg 

reported that ESG assets may hit US$53 trillion by 2025, 

which is more than a third of projected global AUM.3 

Our Leadership Commitment to a 



 



Net Zero Future



It is our long-standing belief that sustainability is a journey, 

and one that we are proud to have begun since 1995.  

At this critical juncture in history, we recognise that 

corporates play a crucial role in helping the world achieve 

its net zero goals. 

CDL’s recognition in multiple ESG indices and awards is a 

testament to the dedication of our management team and 

staff. In 2021, we are honoured to remain listed on 13 

global ratings, rankings and indices. We have maintained 

double ‘A’s in the 2021 CDP Global A List for corporate 

climate action and water security and are the only 

company in Southeast Asia and Hong Kong to score ‘A’ for 

corporate climate action for four consecutive years. 

With our management’s unwavering support and tireless 

dedication in driving corporate sustainability, we have 

ranked 5th on the Corporate Knights 2022 Global 100 Most 

Sustainable Corporations in the World and emerged as the 

top real estate management and development company 

globally. This marks our best performance since 2010.

Pressing Onward



As the saying goes, the only constant in life is change. 

While the pandemic has brought disruptions and 

challenges, we have chosen to turn these into opportunities 

for innovation and collaboration. Decarbonisation and 

creating positive impact that is aligned with the UN SDGs 

will remain a key focus for our business. 

With effect from 1 January 2022, Mr Philip Yeo has 

stepped down as a Board Sustainability Committee (BSC) 

member. On behalf of the Board, we thank him for his 

stewardship and strategic guidance in contributing to  

CDL’s sustainability leadership. Effective on the same date, 

we also welcomed two new BSC members – Mrs Wong 

Ai Ai and Mr Chong Yoon Chou, who will help raise our 

climate governance.

The Board continues to support management’s unwavering 

commitment to green buildings and setting ambitious 

targets and strategies under the CDL Future Value 2030 

Sustainability Blueprint, with a desire to move the needle in 

the race to net zero. In this decade of urgent action, CDL 

will continue to raise the bar for ESG integration and set 

new benchmarks for a greener, more sustainable world. 

Kwek Leng Beng

Executive Chairman

1 

Sustainable investing is the future. iShares by BlackRock.

2 

Sustainable investing during coronavirus. Morgan Stanley, 24 February 2021.

3 

ESG assets may hit US$53 trillion by 2025, a third of global AUM. Bloomberg Professional Services, 23 February 2021.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

9

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 



Sustainability Integration














GROUP CEO 

STATEMENT



Zeroing in on Future Value 



CDL is well placed to navigate the ever-evolving 

sustainability landscape and rising investor expectations 

globally. Our Environmental, Social and Governance 

(ESG) strategy, coupled with our ethos of “Conserving as 

We Construct",  has positioned us well in the race to zero. 

We remain committed to achieving three deliverables: 

“Decarbonisation”, “Digitalisation &amp; Innovation” and 

“Disclosure and Communication”. Our value creation 

business model, anchored on four key pillars—Integration, 

Innovation, Investment, and Impact has helped us establish 

a strong foundation for further advancement.  

As a demonstration of our commitment, in February 

2021, CDL signed the World Green Building Council 

(WorldGBC)'s Net Zero Carbon Buildings Commitment, 

and is the first real estate conglomerate in Southeast 

Asia to do so. This is our pledge to achieve net zero 

operational carbon by 2030. In November, we expanded 

our commitment towards a net-zero whole life carbon-

built environment, which will include reducing embodied 

carbon. This decision marks a leap forward in our 

decarbonisation journey, and we will continue enhancing 

our emissions pathways to reach this ambitious goal. 

We have also stepped up our decarbonisation commitment, 

aligning ourselves with even more ambitious carbon 

emissions reduction targets that have been assessed and 

validated by the Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi). The 

revised targets will help accelerate climate action to limit 

global warming to 1.5°C and support CDL’s WorldGBC 

Net Zero Carbon Buildings Commitment. 

Dear Stakeholders,



The world is in a dire climate emergency. The warmest 

period in the past 170 years is the last seven years1, 

making the past 10 years from 2012 to 2021 the warmest 

decade on record. South Asia countries such as India, 

China, Thailand and Myanmar continued to experience 

raging floods. Closer to home, Singapore was hit with flash 

floods incidents and warmer temperatures.  

In 2021, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s 

6th Assessment Report was deemed a “code red for 

humanity”.2 Embracing sustainability is no longer a choice, 

but a critical necessity. 

The World Economic Forum’s (WEF) Global Risks Report 

2022 reported that environmental risks were perceived to be 

the five most critical long-term threats in the next 10 years. 

Climate action failure was deemed the most critical, with 

most commentators positing that too little was being done.3 

WEF even asserted that the COVID-19 pandemic pales in 

comparison to the long-term risks of climate change.4 This 

signals the severity of climate change concerns. 

It is no longer just about short-term profitability for 

companies across the globe. For companies to retain their 

competitive advantage and create enduring value, leaders 

must first accept that sustainability is material to a company’s 

long-term growth. Integrating sustainability into their business 

strategies is critical to building resilience and being ready for 

unprecedented challenges. 

However, COP26 gave renewed hope for global 

collaboration to galvanise change for a 1.5°C warmer 

scenario by 2030.

1 

2021 Among Earth’s Hottest Years, UN Says as Climate Meetings Start. Bloomberg, 31 October 2021.

2 

Climate change: IPCC report is 'code red for humanity. BBC, 9 August 2021.

3 

The Global Risks Report 2022, 17th Edition, World Economic Forum. 

4 

Global Risks Report 2022: What you need to know. World Economic Forum, 11 January 2022.

CDL is well placed to navigate 



the ever-evolving sustainability 



development and rising investor 



expectations globally and locally. Our 



Environmental, Social and Governance 



(ESG) strategy and ethos has 



positioned us well in the race to zero. 



Sherman Kwek

Group CEO



C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

1 0

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 



Sustainability Integration










GROUP CEO 

STATEMENT

In November 2021, through the pilot auction of Climate 

Impact X (CIX), CDL successfully secured high-quality 

carbon credits for offsetting greenhouse gas emissions 

from our operations. These credits, which are sourced 

from natural climate solutions, will be utilised over the next 

three years to offset an estimated 6% to 7% of emissions 

from our operations per year to complement CDL’s net zero 

targets by 2030. We will continue to explore more of such 

innovative solutions to support our decarbonisation efforts. 

Whilst we have made good progress over the past two 

decades, there is always room to do more. CDL will 

continue to embrace change, transform our business, and 

champion innovative solutions to future-proof our business 

and create value for our stakeholders. Racing to net zero 

as one will remain the cornerstone for our sustainability 

strategy in this decade of action.

INTEGRATION: 

Ensuring Strong Fundamentals for Business and 



Climate Resilience



Climate risks are investment risks, and the business case 

for sustainability reporting has never been stronger. CDL 

was the first Singapore company to publish a dedicated 

sustainability report in 2008. Since then, we have released 

15 sustainability reports covering an increasingly wider 

scope and aligning ourselves to the best market standards 

each time. Target setting, tracking, and reporting have 

helped us to align ourselves with global and local goals, 

identify gaps and commit to strategic action for better 

deliverables. CDL also continues to cultivate responsible 

business values and supports the United Nations Global 

Compact’s initiatives, upholding its Ten Principles. 

To emphasise the urgency and importance of climate 

action, the Singapore Exchange Regulation announced in 

August 2021 that climate-related disclosures guided by 

the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related 

Financial Disclosures (TCFD) would be progressively made 

mandatory in the coming years. Additionally, in October 

2021, the GRI Standards were strengthened, setting a 

new global benchmark for corporate transparency built 

on concepts of impact, material topics, human rights due 

diligence and stakeholder engagement. In February 2022, 

the Singapore government announced an enhanced climate 

ambition and commitment for the country to achieve net zero 

emissions by or around 2050. The Singapore Budget 2022 

also included plans to progressively increase carbon tax from 

2024 to 2030, to help achieve the national net zero goal.

The CDL Future Value 2030 Sustainability Blueprint 

established in 2017 maps out our strategic goals and ESG 

targets and is effectively integrated into CDL’s business 

strategy and operations. Since then, we have continued to 

track and report our performance quarterly and annually.

To address the changing stakeholder expectations, tackle 

emerging risks, and future-proof our business, we have 

conducted annual materiality assessments since 2014. 

Today, the top five issues comprise: climate resilience, 

energy efficiency and adoption of renewables, innovation, 

stakeholder impact and partnerships, as well as product/

service quality and responsibility. 

INNOVATION: 

Digitalisation and Sustainable Technologies 



 



for a Green Revolution



A low-carbon future is not possible without smart and 

sustainable solutions. Innovation has been one of CDL’s 

top ESG issues since 2017. In 2021, it was once again 

ranked as one of the top three material issues. In the 

past year, we have prioritised and intensified our search 

and application of viable green technology solutions, 

whilst tapping on the power of cross-sector partnerships. 

CDL’s strategic R&amp;D partnership with the NUS College 

of Design and Engineering to develop smart home 

innovations continues to deliver impactful results. CDL 

piloted the Acoustic Friendly Ventilation Window at 

Irwell Hill Residences in 2021. This provides four times 

better ventilation as compared to an open conventional 

window, and reduces environment noise up to four times 

more than usual. CDL also invested in Taronga Ventures, 

an APAC-based PropTech VC fund, to accelerate the 

implementation of sustainability-focused innovations that 

will support our commitment to achieve net-zero operational 

carbon by 2030 for new and existing wholly-owned 

assets and developments under our direct operational and 

management control.

To further complement CDL’s net zero goal, CDL introduced 

a Smart, Sustainable and Super Low Energy (3S) Green 

Building framework in 2020. This was established to 

expand CDL’s green procurement guidelines and is 

aligned with BCA’s Super Low Energy (SLE) programme 

requirements, as well as international standards for 

advancing health and well-being in buildings. In 2021, 

in alignment with the expanded WorldGBC Net Zero 

Carbon Commitment, we updated the 3S Green Building 

Framework to include embodied carbon management.

From encouraging Electric Vehicle (EV) adoption via deploying 

EV chargers at our properties to greening our city, we are 

well placed to accelerate Singapore’s national sustainability 



"Racing to net zero as one will 

remain the cornerstone for our 

sustainability strategy in this 

decade of action."

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

1 1

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 



Sustainability Integration










GROUP CEO 

STATEMENT

agenda. We will continue to search for and adopt sustainable 

building technologies to support the national vision for a 

smarter, greener and more liveable Singapore.

INVESTMENT: 

Building Leverage for the Future via Sustainable 



Finance  



CDL Group reported a return to profitability with net 

attributable profit after tax and non-controlling interest 

(PATMI) of $129.7 million for the second half-year 2021 

(2H 2021) and $97.7 million for the full year ended 

31 December 2021 (FY 2021). Revenue for 2H 2021 

increased by 38.4% to $1.4 billion (2H 2020: $1.0 

billion) and 24.5% to $2.6 billion for FY 2021 (FY 2020: 

$2.1 billion). For 2H 2021, the Group saw a jump in 

revenue contribution from its hotel operations segment 

across all regions, particularly in the US and Europe, 

driven by accelerated global vaccine distribution and the 

gradual relaxation of travel restrictions. 

As the demand for green financing grows in the 

acceleration towards climate action, companies with 

strong ESG performance will gain better access to ESG 

investment funds, and sustainable finance. In September 

2021, CDL became a proud signatory of the UN Principles 

for Responsible Investment (PRI), an investor initiative in 

partnership with UNEP Finance Initiative and the UN 

Global Compact. As of November 2021, the total AUM 

of companies that are committed to PRI was more than 

US$121 trillion, signalling a rapidly accelerating transition 

towards sustainable assets.

In December 2021, we rolled out our Sustainable 

Investment Principles (SIP). This reinforces CDL’s commitment 

in taking proactive action in assessing potential portfolio 

risks and opportunities for sustainable investment decisions. 

The SIP complements our existing ESG policies and 

guidelines. Furthermore, the SIP is formulated in line with 

the Glasgow Climate Pact and aligned with the global 

best practices laid out in the United Nations Sustainable 

Development Goals (UN SDGs), UN PRI, TCFD, United 

Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative (UNEP FI) 

and other relevant frameworks.

Since issuing our first green bond in 2017, we have amassed 

more than $3 billion of sustainable finance, including 

various green loans, a green revolving credit facility, and a 

sustainability-linked loan. In April 2021, CDL’s South Beach 

Consortium secured a 5-year green loan totalling $1.22 

billion – one of Singapore’s largest green loans to date. In 

August 2021, CDL and its JV partner jointly secured green 

loans amounting to $847 million for the financing of two 

upcoming developments in Singapore – Piccadilly Grand 

and Tengah Garden Walk EC. As a green developer, we are 

heartened that our strong sustainability track record enables 

CDL to tap into the fast-growing sustainable financing pool to 

benefit our joint venture projects, sharing our green vision of a 

low-carbon future with our like-minded partners. 

For our successful R&amp;D and pilot of DigiHUB, CDL secured 

a discount on the SDG Innovation Loan provided by DBS 

Bank, making us the first Singapore entity to achieve 

a discount on a sustainability-linked loan through the 

adoption of an innovative project that supports the UN 

SDGs on a large-scale basis. More information can be 

found on page 17 of this report. 

IMPACT: 

A Nexus for Change 



From aligning with global agendas to our recognition as a 

thought leader, CDL continues to be a driving force in the 

sustainability landscape.

What gets measured gets managed. Tracking the impact 

of our corporate sustainability efforts drives continuous 

improvement. We are glad that our performance has been 

affirmed by leading global sustainability benchmarks and 

rankings. For the full listing, please refer to page 7 of this 

report for more details: 

• Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations in the 

World by Corporate Knights: Ranked 5th in 2022, 

maintaining ranking as the world’s most sustainable real 

estate management and development company for the 

fourth consecutive year as well as the only Singapore 

Company listed for 13 consecutive years

• CDP: The only company in Southeast Asia and Hong 

Kong to maintain double ‘A’s for climate change (since 

2018) and water security (since 2019)

• Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI): Recognised as 

an index component in the DJSI World and DJSI Asia 

Pacific Indices since 2011

• MSCI ESG Research: Maintained ‘AAA’ leader rating 

since 2010



"In September 2021, CDL 

became a proud signatory of the 

UN Principles for Responsible 

Investment (PRI), an investor 

initiative in partnership with 

UNEP Finance Initiative and the 

UN Global Compact."

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

1 2

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 



Sustainability Integration










GROUP CEO 

STATEMENT

• Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark (GRESB) 

2021: Global Sector Leader (Diversified –  Office/

Retail) and Overall Regional Sector Leader (Diversified 

– Office/Retail)

• Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index (GEI): Listed on the 

Bloomberg GEI 2022 since 2018

• Sustainalytics: 2022 Industry Top-Rated and Regional 

Top-Rated

We are also proud to be one of 45 global companies 

and the only Singapore company to receive His Royal 

Highness The Prince of Wales’ Terra Carta Seal. This seal 

is part of the Sustainable Markets Initiative and recognises 

sustainability leaders in the private sector with globally 

recognised and credible decarbonisation roadmaps.

Building a sustainable future requires the collaboration of a 

larger ecosystem and value chain. Through the years, CDL 

has amplified its impact by investing time and resources 

into thought leadership and partnerships.

In 2021, CDL actively hosted, moderated, and participated 

in a record of 124 speaking engagements from global 

forums to webinars in partnership with esteemed 

institutions. We were proud to have Ms Esther An, our 

Chief Sustainability Officer, represent both the Singapore 

private sector and CDL at COP26, where she was invited 

to take part in the Built Environment Leaders Panel that was 

jointly hosted by United Nations Framework Convention 

on Climate Change, the World Business Council for 

Sustainable Development and the World Green Building 

Council. Youth empowerment to fight climate change 

has always been CDL’s belief and in partnership with the 

Singapore Youth for Climate Action, CDL curated a series of 

initiatives under the Keep Calm &amp; Love our Planet campaign 

to turn climate anxiety amongst youths into positive action.

CDL’s commitment to building sustainable communities 

across sectors and countries remained undeterred during 

the pandemic in 2020 and 2021. Designed and built 

in 2017 as the first ground-up and zero-energy facility 

in Singapore, the Singapore Sustainability Academy 

(SSA) has been a key platform for CDL’s advocacy work 

in climate action aligned with the UN SDGs. Despite 

tightened measures to mitigate the spread of COVID-19, 

we adopted virtual and hybrid event formats at the SSA 

to remain connected and expand our impact beyond 

geographical borders and communities, reaching out to 

thousands of participants locally and overseas in 2021. 

Some of our key initiatives included The Conscious Festival 

by Green is the New Black, Sustainable Fashion 2.0, the 

second instalment of My Tree House’s Eco-Storytelling 

Contest, and our Youth4Climate Concert 2021. 

Amidst growing demands for ESG training, CDL and 

Global Green Connect (GGC) launched Sustainability 

Connect, a platform to connect and empower sustainability 

professionals. Leveraging on CDL’s and GGC’s global 

network of experienced sustainability professionals from 

diverse sectors and industries, Sustainability Connect aims 

to equip practitioners with the necessary skills to transform 

and help their employers future-proof their businesses for 

long-term success by using workshops, panels and other 

training initiatives. 

Active collaboration with the public sector continues to 

be critical in CDL’s sustainability drive, as seen in our 

partnership with National Parks Board to hold our “Change 

the Present, Save the Future” exhibition in support of the 

Ministry of Sustainability and the Environment’s Climate 

Action Week 2021 and the Singapore Green Plan 2030, 

which has been attracting an average of 2,000 visitors 

per month. We will be launching the second edition of our 

Climate Action Exhibition series in April 2022, themed 

“Change the Present, Save the Oceans”, focusing on 

marine biodiversity, plastic pollution, and sustainable living.

LOOKING AHEAD – 



Winning the Race to Zero,



 



Adding Purpose to the Triple Bottom Line



 

As Singapore’s real estate pioneer and green building 

leader, CDL steadfastly aligns our business with global and 

national goals to mitigate the negative impact of climate 

change. With CDL’s Future Value 2030 Sustainability 

Blueprint as the bedrock for our ambitious ESG goals and 

strategies, we are well placed to accelerate our net zero 

goals. Contributing to a sustainable future will remain the 

purpose of our business.

The pandemic has challenged us to continuously push the 

envelope with climate-focused strategies and reinforced our 

conviction towards climate action. Climate threats on the 

planet have a severe impact on people and the performance 

of businesses, and no one can thrive without a healthy planet.

In closing, I would like to thank everyone who has 

journeyed alongside us for your continued support of 

CDL’s vision in creating a more sustainable planet. The 

cooperation and encouragement we have received from all 

stakeholders has played a vital role in future-proofing our 

business and pushing the green agenda.

It is time to turn ambition into action.

Sherman Kwek

Group Chief Executive Officer 

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

1 3

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 



Sustainability Integration








1 

SGX mandates climate and board diversity disclosures. Singapore 

Exchange, 15 December 2021.



More information on CDL’s Board of Directors is available on CDL’s corporate website



.

Note: From 1 Jan 2022, Mr Philip Yeo Liat Kok stepped down from the BSC, and Independent Non-Executive Directors Ms Tang Ai Ai Mrs Wong Ai Ai and Mr Chong Yoon 

Chou were appointed as BSC members.

LONGSTANDING &amp; UNWAVERING 

LEADERSHIP COMMITMENT 

CDL has established the longest history of having a 

dedicated Sustainability portfolio amongst Singapore 

companies, headed by the Chief Sustainability Officer 

(CSO) since 2014. The CSO reports directly to the Board 

Sustainability Committee (BSC), which comprises three 

independent directors, and CDL’s Executive Director / 

Group CEO. The BSC has direct advisory supervision on 

CDL’s sustainability strategy, material ESG issues, work 

plans, performance targets and sustainability reporting. It 

convenes meetings at least twice annually to discuss CDL’s 

sustainability plans and review its performance. Throughout 

the year, the CSO updates the BSC on CDL’s ESG 

performance and initiatives, as well as global and local 

ESG trends through the quarterly sustainability reports and  

meetings, when necessary. CDL’s sustainability governance 

structure, practices and disclosures, which have been in 

place for years are in line with SGX’s mandate on climate 

and board diversity disclosures.1

To achieve effective integration of sustainability throughout 

CDL, the CSO chairs the Sustainability Committee, 

which comprises members across all departments and 

operational units. Heads of Departments (HODs) and 

their line managers are held accountable for their ESG 

performances, which are captured in their annual 

performance appraisal that is linked to their remuneration 

and promotion. 

Integrating sustainability at the highest governance level 



 



in CDL enables strategic oversight of ESG issues for 



long-term value creation. Since 2017, the leadership 



spearheaded by CDL’s Board Sustainability Committee has 



been critical in delivering CDL’s sustainability purpose, 



integration, and performance that add business and 



economic value to the company. 



Sustainability Governance Structure



Community 



Involvement and 



Development





Stakeholder 



Engagement 



 



and Consumer 



Issues





Labour 



 



Practices and 



Human Rights





Corporate 



Governance and 



Fair Operating 



Practices





Environment







Sherman Kwek Eik Tse

Executive Director and 

Group Chief Executive 

Officer



Philip Yeo Liat Kok

Non-Independent 

Non-Executive Director 



Tang Ai Ai  

Mrs Wong Ai Ai

Independent 

Non-Executive Director



Chong Yoon Chou

Independent 

Non-Executive Director



Daniel Marie  

Ghislain Desbaillets

Independent 

Non-Executive Director

Board Sustainability Committee

























Board of Directors

Board Sustainability Committee

Chief Sustainability Officer

Sustainability Committee Across 

Business and Operational Units

Advisory Panel

(Senior Management)

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

1 4

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 



Sustainability Integration








LONGSTANDING &amp; UNWAVERING 

LEADERSHIP COMMITMENT 



8



th



 Hong Leong and CDL Group Annual 



Sustainability Forum



 

Since 2014, CDL has organised the Hong Leong and CDL 

Group Annual Sustainability Forum to keep the Group's 

directors and senior management abreast of the latest 

sustainability trends and best practices. 

Themed “Sustainability Mainstreamed into the Boardroom 

Agenda”, the 8th Hong Leong and CDL Group Annual 

Sustainability Forum focused on Singapore Exchange 

Regulation’s (SGX RegCo) latest proposals for mandatory 

climate reporting, external assurance, and the key roles 

boards play in driving ESG integration. 

The panel discussion, moderated by CDL CSO Ms Esther 

An, covered a wide range of ESG issues, ranging from the 

harmonisation of sustainability reporting standards to the 

role of board members in 

driving companies’ ESG 

performances. The rich 

and diverse experiences 

and backgrounds of 

panellists from various 

industries and sectors 

provided a robust and 

well-rounded discussion 

on best practices in 

sustainability.

Attended virtually on 

13 October 2021 by 

over 110 directors, 

management, and staff 

from the Hong Leong and 

CDL Group of companies, 

the forum featured 

expert speakers from 

SGX RegCo, NUS Business School, Singapore Institute of 

Directors, Ernst &amp; Young and PwC Singapore.

Reinforcing Global Collaboration through the 



"Change the Present, Save the Future" Climate 



Action Exhibition



In July 2021, in partnership with NParks, CDL launched 

“Change the Present, Save the Future”, an exhibition on 

building climate resilience through global collaboration. 

Held in support of the Ministry of Sustainability and the 

Environment's Climate Action Week 2021, the exhibition 

ran from 15 July 2021 to March 2022 at the CDL Green 

Gallery, and called for action to support both global and 

national climate efforts. The exhibition also reinforces 

collaborative efforts between private and public sectors.

Mr Sherman Kwek, CDL Group CEO, gave a speech at 

the launch event. He emphasised the importance of active 

collaboration between borders and sectors, and called for 

visitors to join the global effort in protecting our planet and 

creating a more sustainable future. 

Officially launched by Ms Grace Fu, Minister for 

Sustainability and the Environment of Singapore, the 

opening ceremony was accompanied by a high-level panel 

discussion on the topic “Building a Sustainable Future 

– Collaboration Beyond Borders and Sectors”. Minister 

Grace Fu, who shared further details on the Singapore 

Green Plan 2030, was joined by distinguished panellists 

Ms Lynn McDonald, High Commissioner of Canada to 

Singapore; Mr R Raghunathan, World Wide Fund for 

Nature Singapore Chief Executive Officer; and Mr Max 

Loh, Singapore and Brunei Managing Partner, EY ASEAN 

IPO Leader, Ernst &amp; Young. Ms Esther An, CDL CSO was 

the moderator for the panel discussion.



 CDL Group CEO, Mr Sherman Kwek, providing his opening remarks at 

the “Change the Present, Save the Future” exhibition launch event.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

1 5

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 



Sustainability Integration








MARKET REVIEW &amp;  

PERFORMANCE

CDL Group reported a return to profitability with net 

attributable profit after tax and non-controlling interest (PATMI) 

of $129.7 million for the second half-year 2021 (2H 2021) 

and $97.7 million for the full year ended 31 December 

2021 (FY 2021). Revenue for 2H 2021 increased by 38.4% 

to $1.4 billion (2H 2020: $1.0 billion) and 24.5% to $2.6 

billion for FY 2021 (FY 2020: $2.1 billion). For 2H 2021, 

the Group saw a jump in revenue contribution from its 

hotel operations segment across all regions, particularly in 

the US and Europe, driven by accelerated global vaccine 

distribution and the gradual relaxation of travel restrictions. 

For FY 2021, the property development segment contributed 

48% to total revenue, propelled by strong performing 

Singapore projects such as Whistler Grand, Amber Park, 

The Tapestry and Irwell Hill Residences, as well as overseas 

projects, including Shenzhen Longgang Tusincere Tech 

Park which the Group acquired in February 2021, and 

contribution from New Zealand land sales. In Singapore, 

the Group and its JV associates sold 2,185 units including 

Executive Condominiums (ECs), with a total sales value of 

$4.3 billion in FY 2021 – the highest annual property sales 

achieved in the Group’s history2 (FY 2020: 1,318 units with 

a total sales value of $1.8 billion). This was largely attributed 

to two successful launches in 2021: Irwell Hill Residences 

CDL Group’s Key Financial Information



(540 units) and CanningHill Piers (696 units), which are 

77% and 86% sold to date respectively, as well as sustained 

steady sales of its existing inventory. Residential projects 

Piermont Grand EC and Whistler Grand are fully sold. 

Despite a challenging economic backdrop, the committed 

occupancy of the Group’s Singapore office portfolio 

remained resilient at 93.3%, above the island-wide 

occupancy of 87.2%. Republic Plaza, the Group’s flagship 

Grade A office building, achieved a healthy committed 

occupancy of 96.4% and registered positive rental reversion 

in Q4 2021. The tight Central Business District (CBD) office 

supply situation coupled with the improved business outlook 

are expected to support rental rate growth in the near term. 

The Group’s retail portfolio was also resilient, with committed 

occupancy at 93.8%, above the national average of 91.9%.

While the operating challenges of COVID-19 continued to 

be felt in 2021 as international travel restrictions were still 

largely in place, the Group’s hospitality business progressed 

on its road to recovery. Regions with strong domestic 

markets, like Europe and the US, led the recovery in 2H 2021 

with significant improvements in revenue per available room 

and gross operating profit. The Group expects this trend to 

continue in 2022.

As at 31 December 2021, the Group has cash reserves of 

$2.2 billion and a strong liquidity position comprising cash 

and available undrawn committed bank facilities totalling 

$3.9 billion. Net gearing ratio (after factoring in fair value 

on investment properties) stands at 61%.

Business as usual is no longer an option. The new climate 

and pandemic economy are testing the foundations of 

companies and challenging how economic value is generated 

and distributed. Businesses that can navigate successfully 

in the new normal will prove their resilience in adapting 

to the ever-changing economic, social and environmental 

landscape. For over two decades, CDL has built a strong 

foundation through effective sustainability integration. We 

will remain resilient against headwinds and continue to 

create sustained value for our business and stakeholders.

2 

The last annual high was achieved in FY 2007 with $3.4 billion in total sales value with 1,655 units sold. 

3 

Final and special final tax-exempt (one-tier) ordinary dividends proposed for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 will be subject to the approval of the ordinary shareholders at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.

4 

Illustrative valuation based on CDLHT unit price of $1.20.































































































































































YEAR

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

Revenue

$3,829 m

$4,223 m

$3,429 m

$2,108 m

$2,626 m

Tax paid

$162 m

$211 m

$244 m

$76 m

$100 m

Staff costs

$831 m

$850 m

$887 m

$517 m

$542 m

Profit/(Loss) before tax

$763 m

$876 m

$754 m

($1,791) m

$228 m

PATMI

$522 m

$557 m

$565 m

($1,917) m

$98 m

Return on equity

5.6%

5.6%

5.4%

(22.5)%

1.2%

Net asset value per share

$10.33

$11.07

$11.60

$9.38

$9.28

Basic earnings per share

56.0 cents

59.9 cents

60.8 cents

(212.8) cents

9.3 cents

Ordinary dividend per share

- Final

8.0 cents

8.0 cents

8.0 cents

8.0 cents

8.0 cents3 

- Special interim

4.0 cents

6.0 cents

6.0 cents

–

3.0 cents

- Special final

6.0 cents

6.0 cents

6.0 cents

4.0 cents

1.0 cents3

- Distribution in specie of units  

in CDL Hospitality Trusts

–

–

–

–

19.1 cents4

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

1 6

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 



Sustainability Integration








SUSTAINABLE 

FINANCE

In attaining our key ESG goals and in our transition to a 

net zero business, CDL has been tapping on sustainable 

finance since 2017. Our solid grounding and track record 

in sustainability has helped us gain access to fast-growing 

sustainable finance. This advances our adoption of green 

building innovations to design, build and maintain our assets. 

In 2021, South Beach Consortium, a CDL-led consortium, 

secured a $1.22 billion green loan for the refinancing of 

the South Beach mixed-use development – a double Green 

Mark Platinum development. In addition, CDL and our 

JV partner jointly secured green loans of $847 million to 

finance the development of two Government Land Sales 

sites at Piccadilly Grand and Tengah Garden Walk. Both 

developments will obtain the BCA Green Mark GoldPLUS 

rating, with Tengah Garden Walk EC set to be one of 

Singapore’s first new SLE private residential developments.

Aligned with good practices, our Sustainable Finance 

Framework has embraced leading global frameworks 

including the Green Bond Principles, Green Loan Principles 

and Sustainability Linked Loan Principles. It demonstrates 

CDL ACHIEVES INTEREST RATE 



DISCOUNT ON SDG INNOVATION 



LOAN



In 2021, through the successful R&amp;D and pilot of 



DigiHUB, a Facilities Management digital platform 



developed by our wholly owned subsidiary, CBM 



Pte Ltd, CDL achieved an interest rate discount on the 



$250 million SDG Innovation Loan, a sustainability-



linked loan secured from DBS Bank in 2019. CDL 



was the first in Singapore to adopt and apply SDG 



Innovation linked finance on a large-scale basis.





CDL is Signatory of  

UN-convened Principles for 

Responsible Investment (PRI)

In September 2021, CDL was accepted as a signatory of 

the UN PRI, an investor initiative in partnership with UNEP 

Finance Initiative (UNEP FI) and the UN Global Compact. 

The PRI is the world’s leading proponent of responsible 

investment and supports its international network of 

investor signatories in incorporating ESG factors into their 

investment and ownership decisions. As an asset owner 

and manager, integrating PRI’s Six Principles into how CDL 

invests will have a profound impact beyond financial value.

From January 2022, CDL CSO was appointed as 

a member of PRI’s inaugural Real Estate Advisory 

Committee, which succeeds the Property Working Group 

coordinated by UNEP FI.

As an extension of our commitment towards sustainable 

investments, the Board approved the CDL Sustainable 

Investment Principles (SIP) to steward responsible capital 

allocation and investments decision-making. The SIP is 

aligned with the Glasgow Climate Pact, UN SDGs and 

other global best practices and frameworks such as UN 

PRI, TCFD, UNEP FI. It also complements CDL’s existing 

ESG policies and guidelines, including the Climate 

Change Policy, EHS Policy, Green Building Policy, 

Biodiversity Policy and Human Rights Policy.



SECURED MORE THAN  

$3BN SUSTAINABLE FINANCING  

SINCE 2017



Green Bond

$100 million 

Green Loans

$3.04 billion

Sustainability-

linked Loan

$250 million

good governance of CDL’s sustainable financing and 

contributes to building sustainable and climate-resilient 

cities and communities.

In the same year, CDL Group Chief Financial Officer 

(CFO), Ms Yiong Yim Ming, joined UNGC’s CFO Taskforce 

for the SDGs, joining other C-suites and CFOs of leading 

companies in unlocking private capital and creating a 

market to mainstream SDG investments.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

1 7

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 



Sustainability Integration




















DELIVERING

VALUE &amp;

BEST PRACTICES




CREATING SUSTAINABLE GROWTH 



WHILE DELIVERING ON PURPOSE



DELIVERING  

VALUE &amp; BEST PRACTICES

Sustainability integration is critical in our strategy to create 

long-term value and future-proof our business. In the face 

of global climate, health and economic challenges, our 

early adoption of ESG integration has enabled CDL to 

remain steadfast as a responsible business, being able to 

weather disruptions, whilst driving our pursuit of long-term 

value beyond short-term profits.

INTEGRATING UN SDGS HAS ADDED PURPOSE  

FOR A MORE BALANCED TRIPLE BOTTOM LINE FOR CDL

CDL’s value creation business model is anchored on our 

ethos of “Conserving as We Construct” since 1995. The 

model encapsulates our role as a developer, an asset 

owner and a corporate citizen, and guides us in creating 

sustained value for our business and our stakeholders. 

Leveraging on six capitals – financial, organisational, 

natural, manufactured, human and social &amp; relationship, 

our business operations and sustainability advocacy is well-

aligned with 14 UN SDGs.



P

L

A

N

E

T

P

E

O

P

L

E

P

R

O

F

I

T

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

1 9

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Delivering Value 



&amp; Best Practices





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DELIVERING  

VALUE &amp; BEST PRACTICES

Over the years, CDL’s robust sustainability reporting has 

evolved into a unique blended model using GRI Standards 

as its core since 2008, CDP since 2010, Global Real 

Estate Sustainability Benchmark (GRESB) since 2013, Value 

Reporting Foundation’s Integrated Reporting Framework 

since 2015, SDG Reporting since 2016, TCFD framework 

since 2017, and SASB Standards since 2020. To enhance 

data credibility and instill confidence in readers, external 

assurance of our Integrated Sustainability Report (ISR) 

started since 2009. ISR 2022’s external assurance 

has been further elevated in its scope against the GRI 

Standards, SASB Standards, as well as the TCFD and 

Climate Disclosure Standards Board (CDSB) frameworks. 

As an experienced reporter using multiple sustainability 

reporting frameworks and standards, CDL supports the 

formation and meaningful efforts of the International 

Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) in providing a unified 

sustainability reporting framework that aims to fulfil the 

needs of investors and multiple stakeholders for credible, 

consistent and comparable data.

Established in 2017, the CDL Future Value 2030 

Sustainability Blueprint sets goals for our integrated 

sustainability strategy towards 2030 – a milestone year 

for UN SDGs and the net zero climate agenda. Since July 

2017, we have also been voluntarily publishing an online 

quarterly sustainability report that updates stakeholders 

of our progress towards key goals and targets that are set 

under the CDL Future Value 2030 Sustainability Blueprint.

Aligned to Global Standards &amp; Goals







2005

Since

2008

2016

2017



2018

2020



2021

2010



2015



2013

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE

Aligned with 14 UN SDGs







CONSERVING 



 



AS WE CONSTRUCT



SINCE 1995



INTEGRATED 



 



APPROACH SINCE 



 



2015



NATURAL 

CAPITAL

FINANCIAL

CAPITAL

HUMAN

CAPITAL

MANUFACTURED 

CAPITAL

SOCIAL &amp;  

RELATIONSHIP

CAPITAL

ORGANISATIONAL 

CAPITAL

ESG INTEGRATION 

SINCE 1995



Build Sustainable 

Profitability while 

Conserving the 

Environment



Build Quality,  

Green and  

Innovative Spaces



Build Organisational 

Resilience 

and Employee 

Commitment



Build Partnerships  

and Bonds with  

the Community

FUTURE PROOFING 

BUSINESS



SUSTAINABILITY 



BLUEPRINT:



CDL FUTURE 



VALUE 2030





COMMITMENT 



TOWARDS NET 



ZERO CARBON



1



 



1 

CDL has pledged to achieve net zero operational carbon by 2030, 

covering new and existing wholly-owned assets under our direct 

management and operational control. We expanded the commitment to 

achieve maximum reduction of embodied carbon in new developments, 

compensating for any remaining residual operational and upfront 

embodied emissions via offsetting for new developments by 2030 and 

for all buildings to be net zero carbon by 2050. Please refer to  

page 59 of ISR 2022 for more details.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

2 0

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Delivering Value 



&amp; Best Practices





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




In 2018, CDL Group embarked on the GET strategy — focusing on Growth, Enhancement and Transformation, to renew and reposition our business, sharpen our value proposition and expand 

our asset portfolio to deliver performance improvements and superior outcomes. Our sustainability efforts are complementary and integrated within the GET strategy.

GET



 



Strategy



What This Means For Our Corporate Strategy



What This Means For Our Sustainability Strategy



DELIVERING  

VALUE &amp; BEST PRACTICES

• Apply the CDL Sustainable Investment Principles to steward responsible capital 

allocation and investments decision-making

• A signatory with UN Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI) as an investor 

committed to the six principles





• Build development pipeline and recurring income 

streams



GROWTH



G



• Enhance the building and corporate sustainability performance of existing assets 

E.g. Energy-saving retrofitting works and technologies to improve energy 

efficiency; improving indoor air quality and facilities management performance.

• Lower carbon footprint of new or retrofitted assets 

E.g. Stepping up new developments and existing assets to be BCA Green Mark 

Super Low Energy (SLE) by accelerating the adoption of carbon-friendly designs 

and materials and transitioning to renewable energy.

• Continued advocacy to attract rising ESG investors and tap into sustainable finance





• Enhance asset portfolio through asset 

enhancement initiatives, asset repositioning and 

redevelopment

• Drive operational efficiency



ENHANCEMENT



E



• Impact investing in PropTech funds, start-ups and scale-ups to uncover and testbed 

building innovations for our properties

• Alignment of new platforms with CDL's ESG standards. E.g. Privatisation of M&amp;C in 

November 2019

• Ability to launch ESG-focused fund management initiatives





• Transform business via new platforms

− Strategic investments

− Fund management

− Innovation and venture capital



TRANSFORMATION



T



C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

2 1

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Delivering Value 



&amp; Best Practices





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration


DELIVERING  

VALUE &amp; BEST PRACTICES

ON TRACK TO ACHIEVING FUTURE VALUE 2030 GOALS AND ANNUAL TARGETS



Established in 2017, the CDL Future Value 2030 Sustainability Blueprint sets out our strategic ESG goals. Our key 2030 and interim annual goals, targets and progress are tracked 

and reported quarterly and annually. All target years are fiscal year-end. All reporting data is through fiscal year 2021 (31 December 2021), unless otherwise stated.

Legend: Progress Tracking 

 Meeting interim targets, maintain performance towards meeting 2030 targets.

 Falling short of interim target for one year, review current practices.

 Falling short of interim target for more than two years, review and revise targets (if necessary).





























































FUTURE VALUE 2030 GOALS

2030 TARGETS

INTERIM 2021 ANNUAL TARGETS

FY2021 PERFORMANCE

Goal 1:  

Building Sustainable Cities  

and Communities

Achieve Green Mark certification for 90% of CDL owned and/or 

managed buildings1

≥ 85%

85% achieved

Maintain 100% retail and office tenant participation in CDL Green 

Lease Partnership Programme

Achieve 100%

100% maintained

Maintain high level of commitment to adopt innovations and 

technology of green buildings

Average of two innovation and  

technology applications per year

1. Plastic Neutrality Certification

2. DigiHUB

Maintain high level of sustainability engagements and advocacy 

activities 

Average of ≥ 36 engagement and advocacy 

initiatives and activities per quarter

Average of 75 engagement and advocacy 

initiatives and activities per quarter

Goal 2:  

Reducing 

Environmental Impact

Achieve science-based target of reducing carbon emissions intensity 

by 59% from 2007 levels2

42% reduction

42% reduction3

Asset Management (AM) – Office &amp; Industrial2: 

Reduce energy use intensity by 45% from 2007 levels

Energy use intensity: 37% reduction  

Energy use intensity: 48% reduction

Reduce water use intensity by 50% from 2007 levels4

Water use intensity: 43.5% reduction 

Water use intensity: 56.9% reduction

Reduce waste intensity by 16% from 2016 levels4,5

Waste intensity: 14% reduction

Waste intensity: 29% reduction

Asset Management (AM) – Retail2: 

Reduce energy use intensity by 18% from 2010 levels

Energy use intensity: 18% reduction 

Energy use intensity: 31% reduction

Reduce water use intensity by 9% from 2010 levels

Water use intensity: 8% reduction 

Water use intensity: 44% reduction

Reduce waste intensity by 12% from 2016 levels5

Waste intensity: 10.7% reduction

Waste intensity: 16.4% reduction6

Notes: 

1 

Calculated based on % of total gross floor area (aligned with BCA’s calculation of green buildings). 

2 

Intensity figures were calculated based on per unit net lettable floor area.

3 

Reduction value includes the RECs purchased and retired for the year 2021.

4 

Water use and waste intensities include water use and waste disposed of by CDL Corporate Office.

5 

Waste intensity figures are for non-recyclable waste.

6 

Waste intensity performance for retail assets does not factor in footfall during the COVID-19 pandemic due to exceptional 

fluctuations in footfall in the retail sector.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

2 2

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Delivering Value 



&amp; Best Practices





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration


DELIVERING  

VALUE &amp; BEST PRACTICES



































































FUTURE VALUE 2030 GOALS

2030 TARGETS

INTERIM 2021 ANNUAL TARGETS

FY2021 PERFORMANCE

Goal 2:  

Reducing 

Environmental Impact

Corporate Office: 

Reduce energy use intensity by 31% from 2007 levels

Energy use intensity: 29% reduction 

Energy use intensity: 37% reduction

Property Development (PD)7:

Achieve an energy use intensity of 95 kWh/m2

Energy use intensity: ≤105 kWh/m2  

Energy use intensity: 107.09 kWh/m2 

Achieve a water use intensity of 1.54m3/m2

Water use intensity: ≤1.75 m3/m2 

Water use intensity: 0.70 m3/m2

Achieve a waste intensity of 40 kg/m2

Waste intensity: ≤50 kg/m2

Waste intensity: 45.79 kg/m2

Environmental performance reported for The Tapestry, 

which obtained TOP status in February 2021

Ensure 100% of appointed suppliers8 are certified by  

recognised EHS standards

≥90% of suppliers appointed by AM; 

100% of main contractors and ≥90% of key 

consultants appointed by PD

93% of AM appointed suppliers; 100% of 

main contractors and 100% of key consultants 

appointed by PD

Reduce embodied carbon of building materials by  

24% compared to their conventional equivalents

7% reduction for new projects awarded from 

2018 onwards

Performance is on track to meet target. Data will be 

reported at end of 20229 when projects obtain TOP. 

Goal 3:  

Ensuring Fair, Safe and  

Inclusive Workplace

Maintain zero corruption and fraud incidents across 

CDL’s operations

Zero 

Zero corruption and fraud incident

Maintain zero fatality across

CDL’s operations and direct suppliers in Singapore

Zero 

Zero fatality

Maintain zero occupational disease across CDL’s operations  

and direct suppliers in Singapore

Zero 

Zero occupational disease

Maintain a Major Injury Rate (Major IR)10 of 10.0 across  

CDL’s operations and direct suppliers in Singapore

≤16.7

35.1 Major IR11

Maintain a Minor Injury Rate (Minor IR)10 of 250.0 across 

CDL’s operations and direct suppliers in Singapore

≤354.7

175.5 Minor IR

Notes: 

7 

Under Property Development, the finalised energy use intensity for the completed project, The Tapestry, has marginally 

missed the interim 2021 target. Moving forward, CDL has started piloting a smart energy storage system to replace the 

traditional diesel-powered generator to reduce our carbon footprint.

8 

These refer to suppliers appointed by AM, and main contractors and key consultants (architects, civil and structural 

engineers, mechanical and electrical engineers) appointed by PD.

9 

Based on the lifecycle of CDL’s project developments, embodied carbon data for building materials is only available three 

to four years after a project has been awarded. Data reporting has been restated from end-2021 to end-2022 due to a 

delay in construction activities caused by COVID-19.

10 Major and Minor IR refer to the number of major and minor workplace injuries per 100,000 persons employed, 

respectively. For the definition of Major and Minor IR, please refer to the Ministry of Manpower's (MOM) website.

11 There was one reported Major Injury (as per MOM definition) that occurred at Whistler Grand in Q4 2021. Corrective 

action was implemented on site and reviewed.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

2 3

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Delivering Value 



&amp; Best Practices





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DELIVERING  

VALUE &amp; BEST PRACTICES

DYNAMIC APPROACH TO MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT



Anchored on double materiality and multi-stakeholder approaches, CDL’s 2021 materiality assessment provides a holistic inside-out and outside-in perspective on our financial and ESG impacts 

on our stakeholders and business. Global developments have caused shifts in our stakeholders’ priorities, allowing us to achieve greater alignment between our pursuit of sustainable growth and 

stakeholders’ needs, amidst the pandemic and climate change.

Since 2014, CDL started conducting materiality 

assessments annually, which is facilitated by a third party, 

to determine the key economic, environmental, social 

and governance (EESG) issues that are important to our 

stakeholders. These issues are foundational to CDL’s annual 

sustainability reporting. Corresponding EESG targets, 

metrics, initiatives, and progress are reviewed by the 

Management team, reported to the BSC and the Board for 

approval, before they are published annually in the ISR.

Due to COVID-19, we conducted more comprehensive 

materiality assessments both in 2020 and 2021, to be in 

closer alignment with the shifting priorities and expectations

of our stakeholders.

An extensive macro scanning exercise was performed 

to determine the preliminary list of material issues1. The 

exercise determined the actual and potential impacts 

of these issues on CDL’s long-term value creation, and 

conversely, CDL’s impact on them. To gather stakeholder 

feedback, online surveys were circulated to key stakeholder 

groups, including the BSC. More than 300 responses were 

Identify 

and define initial list 

of material issues

Prioritise 

material issues 

through stakeholder 

engagement

Validation 

by Senior 

Management

Approval  

by BSC

1

PHASE

2

PHASE

3

PHASE

4

PHASE

1 

We will be validating our list of material ESG issues with the latest GRI Sector Standard for our industry when it is published by GRI.

received. Through interviews with selected management 

staff, regulators, industry and sustainability experts, tenants 

and suppliers, we obtained additional insights into how 

CDL can work towards our net zero carbon commitment, 

and strategically address risks and opportunities for our 

businesses while continuing to deliver long-term value for our 

stakeholders.

The preliminary material issues were validated by CDL’s 

Senior Management and approved by the BSC thereafter. 

GRI 3-1

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

2 4

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Delivering Value 



&amp; Best Practices





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DELIVERING  

VALUE &amp; BEST PRACTICES

2021 MATERIAL ESG ISSUES



Our findings revealed an increased prioritisation of 

environmental issues by our stakeholders. “Climate 

Resilience” was the top material issue in 2021. The rise in 

ranking of environmental-related issues, such as “Energy 

Efficiency and Adoption of Renewables” and “Water 

and Waste Management” could be explained by global 

climate action momentum in 2021 (e.g. COP26) and the 

acceleration of climate-related agreements and commitments.

Social issues including “Occupational Health, Safety 

and Well-being”, “Healthy Buildings” and “Future-ready 

Workforce” decreased in significance. Despite this, 

stakeholders emphasised the importance of managing these 

social issues on a consistent and ongoing basis. 

In 2021, “Diversity and Inclusion” was reported as a 

material issue for the first time, resonating with the global 

push for increased diversity at the workplace and for all 

employees to enjoy equal rights and treatment. 

With the increasing advocacy for biodiversity protection, its 

links to climate change, and the potential impacts brought 

on by property development and management activities, 

“Biodiversity Conservation” has been added to CDL’s list of 

material issues in 2021.





































Highly critical material issues

Critical material issues

Moderate material issues

1. Climate Resilience 

6. Economic Contribution to Society

11. Healthy Buildings

2. Energy Efficiency and Adoption of Renewables 

7. Occupational Health, Safety and Well-being

12. Diversity and Inclusion  +

3. Innovation

8. Sustainable Finance 

13. Responsible Supply Chain

4. Stakeholder Impact and Partnerships 

9. Water and Waste Management 

14. Cyber-readiness, Security and Data Privacy

5. Product/Service Quality and Responsibility

10. Ethical and Transparent Business 

15. Future-ready Workforce

16. Human Rights and Labour Conditions

17. Biodiversity Conservation +

















































































CDL’s Material ESG Issues

Stakeholders Impacted

GRI Standards Disclosures

Addressed in this Report

Climate Resilience

Customers, builders and suppliers, government and 

regulators, investors and analysts, lenders, academics and 

industry experts, community, and media

• Emissions

• Construction and Real Estate Sector (CRES): 

Building greenhouse gas emissions intensity 

Decarbonising towards Net Zero

Energy Efficiency and  

Adoption of Renewables

Customers, builders and suppliers, government and 

regulators, investors and analysts, community, academics and 

industry experts, and media

• Energy

• CRES: Building energy intensity 

Decarbonising towards Net Zero

Innovation

All stakeholders across our value chain

• CRES: Sustainability certification, rating, 

and labelling

Driving Innovation and Building 

Performance

Stakeholder Impact and Partnerships

All stakeholders across our value chain

• Direct economic impacts

Developing Sustainable Communities  

Product/Service Quality  

and Responsibility

Customers, builders and suppliers, government and 

regulators, investors, community, academics and industry 

experts, and media

• Marketing and labelling

• Customer health and safety

• CRES: Sustainability certification, rating 

and labelling

Driving Innovation and Building 

Performance

Determined to Create a Fair, Safe and 

Inclusive Business Environment

Notes:

 Ranking increased significantly from 2020's materiality study  + New material issue from 2021's materiality study

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

2 5

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Delivering Value 



&amp; Best Practices





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DELIVERING  

VALUE &amp; BEST PRACTICES



















































































































































































CDL’s Material ESG Issues

Stakeholders Impacted

GRI Standards Disclosures

Addressed in this Report

Economic Contribution to Society

All stakeholders across our value chain

• Economic performance

• Market presence

• Indirect economic impacts

• Employment

Developing Sustainable Communities 

Determined to Create a Fair, Safe and 

Inclusive Business Environment

Occupational Health, Safety  

and Well-being

All stakeholders across our value chain

• Occupational health and safety

Determined to Create a Fair, Safe and 

Inclusive Business Environment

Sustainable Finance

Lenders, government and regulators, and academics and 

industry experts

• There is no relevant GRI topic disclosure

Dedicated to Sustainability Integration 

Water and Waste Management

Customers, builders and suppliers, government and 

regulators, investors and analysts, community, academics and 

industry experts, and media

• Water and Effluents

• Waste

• CRES: Building water intensity

Decarbonising towards Net Zero 

Ethical and Transparent Business

All stakeholders across our value chain

• Anti-corruption

• Anti-competitive behaviour

Determined to Create a Fair, Safe and 

Inclusive Business Environment

Healthy Buildings

Customers, builders and suppliers, government and 

regulators, investors and analysts, community, academics and 

industry experts, and media

• Customer health and safety

Driving Innovation and Building 

Performance

Diversity and Inclusion

Employees, investors and analysts, academics and industry 

experts

• Diversity and equal opportunity

Determined to Create a Fair, Safe and 

Inclusive Business Environment

Responsible Supply Chain

Builders and suppliers, community, government and 

regulators, investors and analysts, academics and industry 

experts and media

• Materials

• Supplier environmental assessment

• Supplier social assessment

Decarbonising towards Net Zero

Determined to Create a Fair, Safe and 

Inclusive Business Environment

Cyber-readiness, Security  

and Data Privacy

Customers, employees, government and regulators, investors 

and analysts, and media

• Customer privacy

Determined to Create a Fair, Safe and 

Inclusive Business Environment

Future-ready Workforce

Employees, government and regulators, and investors and 

analysts

• Training and education

Determined to Create a Fair, Safe and 

Inclusive Business Environment

Human Rights and  

Labour Conditions

All stakeholders across our value chain

• Employment

• Forced or compulsory labour

• Labour/management relations

• Non-discrimination

Determined to Create a Fair, Safe and 

Inclusive Business Environment

Biodiversity Conservation

Builders and suppliers, investors and analysts, lenders, 

media, government and regulators, academics and industry 

experts, community

• Biodiversity

Decarbonising towards Net Zero

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

2 6

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Delivering Value 



&amp; Best Practices





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DELIVERING  

VALUE &amp; BEST PRACTICES

CDL’s stakeholder-centric business approach positions us 

for long-term prosperity and solidifies our social license 

to operate. By understanding the positive and negative 

impact that our business and business relationships has on 

our stakeholders, CDL can better anticipate and meet their 

needs. We define our stakeholders as individuals or groups 

that have interests that are affected or could be affected by 

CDL’s operations.



















Stakeholder Groups and their Significance to CDL

Engagement Platforms

Issues and Concerns

Our Employees

The health, safety, welfare and professional development of 

employees are fundamental to CDL’s performance and key to 

enhancing our human capital.

• Regular dialogue sessions, town halls and forums fronted by  

Senior Management

• CDL 360 – CDL’s staff intranet

• Staff Connect – an inter-department committee that organises  

company-wide activities to foster work-life balance and reinforce  

team spirit

• Educational activities (e.g. workshops and quizzes) 

• Biennial Employee Engagement Survey

• Employee Assistance Programme, a 3rd party independent  

counselling service

• Employee grievance handling procedures

• City Sunshine Club, CDL’s employee volunteering platform

• Indoor Environmental Quality (IEQ) study

• Triennial Indoor Air Quality (IAQ) study

• Corporate direction and growth plans

• Job security

• Remuneration and benefits

• Career development and training opportunities

• Occupational safety, health and well-being

• Labour and human rights

• Work-life balance

• Employee volunteerism

• Workplace environment and conditions 

MULTI-STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT CHANNELS



C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

2 7

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Delivering Value 



&amp; Best Practices





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DELIVERING  

VALUE &amp; BEST PRACTICES





























Stakeholder Groups and their Significance to CDL

Engagement Platforms

Issues and Concerns

Our Customers

Delivering safe and high-quality products and services to our 

customers is our raison d'être as customers are key to the 

generation of financial capital. 

Homebuyers

• Integrated customer and call centre

• Homebuyer e-Portal and mobile app

• Residential services

• Green Living Guides

• Defects management system

• Post-TOP customer satisfaction surveys

• Handover of strata units – on-site and virtually

• 3D showflat virtual tour and online sales presentation

Tenants

• CDL Green Lease Partnership Programme

• Green fitting-out guidelines

• Recycling programme

• 1°C Up Campaign

• Curated events and activities for C-suites and office community 

(e.g. Healthy Workplace Ecosystem workouts and workshops, and 

CityDelights treats giveaways)

• CityNexus mobile app for Republic Plaza office community

• Annual tenant satisfaction surveys

• Precinct improvement with Raffles Place Alliance (Raffles Place Business 

Improvement District)

• CDL CityConnect—Dedicated Facebook page with curated content for 

CDL tenant community

• Regular retrofitting of CDL's managed buildings to improve indoor 

environment

Homebuyers

• Customer service and experience

• Status of TOP progress and handover appointments

• Ethical marketing practices

• Workmanship and defects rectification

• Design and features

• Common areas and facilities

Tenants 

• Green building and office interior certifications

• Green leases

• Workplace safety and health

• Management of facilities

• Customer service and experience

• Resource efficiency

• Environmental management, education and advocacy 

• Ethical marketing practices

• Clean and safe workplace environment

Our Builders and Suppliers

We work closely with partners in our value chain to ensure that 

their operations are carried out in line with CDL’s EHS policies 

and standards that place environmental performance, worksite 

safety, and workers’ health and well-being as priorities.

• Policies on EHS, climate change, green procurement, green buildings, 

biodiversity, human rights and universal design

• Supplier Code of Conduct

• Green procurement specifications

• CDL 5-Star EHS Assessment

• CDL EHS Challenge

• Quarterly seminars and peer sharing

• Annual EHS Awards

• Declaration of EHS commitments through letter and pledge-signing

• EHS risk assessments at concept, design and construction stages

• Construction vision casting

• Annual procurement guideline review

• Legal compliance

• Quality and design 

• Safety of infrastructure and managed facilities 

• Productivity

• Innovation

• Workers’ safety, health and well-being

• Labour practices and welfare

• Human rights 

• Social inclusion

• Resource and waste management 

• Responsible procurement

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

2 8

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Delivering Value 



&amp; Best Practices





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DELIVERING  

VALUE &amp; BEST PRACTICES

























































Stakeholder Groups and their Significance to CDL

Engagement Platforms

Issues and Concerns

Our Investors and Analysts

We strongly emphasise on corporate governance and  

ESG integration and continue to build investor trust and 

confidence through open dialogue with shareholders and the 

investment community.

• Conferences, meetings and site visits

• Media releases and interviews

• Annual reports

• Integrated sustainability reports (annual and quarterly)

• Corporate website and social media platforms

• Sustainability microsite

• Timely response to ESG rating agencies and analysts

• Corporate governance

• ESG disclosures aligned with leading global 

standards and frameworks

• Climate change and net zero carbon strategies

• Sustainability performance and tracking, including 

global sustainability rankings and indices

• Reporting standards

Our Lenders

We work closely with like-minded lenders by tapping on 

sustainable financing products to increase our access to capital 

and lower our overall capital cost in the long run.

The Media

We raise greater awareness of the green agenda and CDL’s 

sustainable practices by engaging the media regularly through 

mainstream news and information channels.

Government and Regulators

We partner with key government agencies and regulators to 

elevate industry standards for green buildings, sustainable 

financing, sustainable practices, and health and safety standards.

• CDL senior management representation on boards of various industry 

bodies 

• Tri-sector and sustainability-related consultations and dialogues

• Longstanding partnership in various national programmes

• Thought leadership in support of public policies and regulations 

pertaining to sustainability, green buildings and sustainability reporting 

• Development of green buildings

• Programmes to cultivate responsible workplace practices

• Advocating green consumerism and a green lifestyle 

• Sharing of industry best practices 

• Regulatory development towards a low-carbon economy

• Promoting sustainability reporting in Singapore 

• Advocating ESG integration with financial reporting 

• Promoting occupational health and safety

Academics and Industry Experts

We work closely with academics and industry experts to explore 

and testbed new building innovations for a low-carbon future. 

Our Community

We ensure that our developments do not affect the well-being 

of surrounding communities. We also invest in community 

development projects (in particular youth and women-related), 

and foster tri-sector collaborations that support the UN SDGs.

• Public communications plan with residents within a 100-metre radius of 

our new developments

• Builders’ contact details displayed at construction sites for public feedback

• Sustainability-related conferences/forums

• Consultation and dialogues with academics, NGOs and business 

associations

• Integrated sustainability reports (annual and quarterly)

• Company website and social media platforms

• Corporate advertisements

• Collaborations with charities and NGOs for community development 

• Universal design for homes and offices

• Proactive communication on CDL’s development plans 

and construction works

• Promoting environmental awareness and zero waste

• Advocating best practices in sustainability 

• Empowering youths and women as sustainability 

champions 

• Supporting Singapore’s arts scene 

• Caring for the less fortunate   

• Sustainability and green building thought leadership 

and advocacy

• Social inclusion

• Ethical marketing practices

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

2 9

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Delivering Value 



&amp; Best Practices





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DELIVERING  

VALUE &amp; BEST PRACTICES

The table below outlines our actions in addressing risks and opportunities related to CDL’s top 17 material ESG issues identified. They are mapped to 14 relevant UN SDGs and the four pillars of 

the TCFD framework. Some of these ESG risks and opportunities are also captured in CDL’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework, which can be found in the Risk Management section 

in CDL’s Annual Report 2021.  



















CDL’S Top Material ESG Issues 

Risks and Opportunities

CDL’s Responses and Achievements

1. Climate Resilience  

Supporting SDGs:

TCFD Pillars: G, S, RM, M&amp;T

The built sector contributes to some 40% of global energy-

related carbon emissions and is heavily reliant on natural 

resources for operations.

Regulatory transition risks such as carbon tax, water 

pricing, electricity tariffs and potentially stricter building 

design requirements will pose challenges to maintain 

profitability and sustain growth.

Extreme weather patterns can lead to stranded assets 

and affect the well-being of building occupants. Climate-

proofing of CDL's buildings in line with a low-carbon 

future is key to our growth strategy.

Climate change is a material strategic risk under CDL’s enterprise risk assessment framework. We are committed 

to implementing mitigation and adaptation measures to combat the effects of climate change on our portfolio  

of assets.

For close to a decade, CDL has been achieving our voluntary target of at least BCA Green Mark GoldPLUS 

certification for all new developments, two tiers above the previous mandatory requirement.2 To date, 85% of  

CDL’s portfolio of owned and managed buildings, based on gross floor area, have achieved the BCA Green 

Mark certification. 

In February 2021, CDL pledged support to the WorldGBC’s Net Zero Carbon Buildings Commitment to achieve 

net zero operational carbon by 2030 for our new and existing wholly-owned assets and developments under 

our direct operational and management control. In November 2021, this commitment expanded to include 

maximum reduction in embodied carbon and compensation of all residual upfront emissions via offsetting for new 

developments by 2030 and for all buildings to be net zero carbon by 2050.

To align with a 1.5°C warmer scenario, CDL revised our SBTi-validated GHG emissions intensity reduction targets 

(Scope 1, 2 and 3) in December 2021; with additional targets to reduce Scope 3 emissions. 

To better understand physical and transition risks from COP26 negotiation outcomes and impact from COVID-19, 

CDL commenced our third climate analysis study in December 2021. 

In November 2021, CDL was the only Singapore company amongst 19 pioneering companies to participate and 

secure carbon credits in Climate Impact X’s pilot auction featuring a curated portfolio of verified natural climate 

solutions projects. 

TURNING RISKS TO OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABILITY



Legend: TCFD Pillars 

G – Governance; S – Strategy; RM – Risk Management; M&amp;T – Metrics &amp; Targets

2 

In 2021, the new BCA Green Mark 2021 was launched, where new and existing buildings are recognised for building performance that is “above mandatory, regulated standards, that include robust levels of energy efficiency, indoor air 

quality, greenery provision, active mobility considerations, materials and waste management and water efficiency.” There are now two tiers under the Green Mark Series – GoldPLUS and Platinum. Green Mark 2021 Certification Standard. 

Building and Construction Authority, 2021.

GRI 3-2

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

3 0

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Delivering Value 



&amp; Best Practices





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DELIVERING  

VALUE &amp; BEST PRACTICES







































CDL’S Top Material ESG Issues 

Risks and Opportunities

CDL’s Responses and Achievements

2. Energy Efficiency and 

Adoption of Renewables

Supporting SDGs:

TCFD Pillars: G, S, RM, M&amp;T

The global green energy transition following COP26 

agreements entails the phasing down of fossil fuels in 

favour of renewables and rapidly decreasing carbon 

emissions.

More stringent regulations on the energy performance 

of buildings and rising carbon tax are expected, with 

the launch of the Singapore Green Plan 2030 and BCA 

Green Mark 2021.

With energy consumption contributing to a large portion 

of CDL’s carbon footprint, CDL implements robust low-

carbon strategies for our managed buildings to maintain 

our leadership as a green developer. 

Through robust resource management and regular asset upgrading and enhancement efforts, CDL has been 

maintaining good energy performance for our existing commercial properties. 

Since 2004, CDL has retrofitted all our existing managed buildings. From 2012 to 2021, CDL achieved savings 

of more than $34 million in energy expenses across all managed properties. 

CDL achieved our first BCA Green Mark Super Low Energy (SLE) award for residential developments as well as for 

serviced apartments, office and retail ahead of our 2023 goal, for 80 Anson Road (former Fuji Xerox Towers).

3. Innovation

Supporting SDGs:

TCFD Pillars: S, RM

Innovation is a key enabler to achieve our ESG goals and 

targets, while also creating value for our bottom line.

By investing in green, smart and healthy building 

technologies, CDL ensures that our products and services 

operate at the highest quality for our building users, and 

remain resilient against disruptions.

Partnerships with research institutions, innovators and start-

ups allow CDL to tap on emerging PropTech innovations 

for large-scale implementations.

Innovation is a top priority in CDL’s growth and investment strategy. Our pipeline of innovation projects in green 

buildings and digitalisation continues to grow, generating environmental, social and economic benefits.

CDL piloted several technologies including autonomous UVC disinfection robots, automated thermal scanners, 

indoor air quality sensors, and anti-microbial disposable films, to create safer and healthier environments for 

our building users. We continue to monitor the progress and results of these innovation testbeds with our R&amp;D 

partners, such as SERIS, NUS-CDL Smart Green Home, NUS-CDL Tropical Technologies Lab and Singapore 

University of Technology and Design (SUTD). 

CDL also piloted DigiHUB, an in-house digital platform that offers predictive and integrated facilities management 

solutions, developed by CBM Pte Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of CDL. 

In partnership with Seven Clean Seas, a Singapore-based ocean cleanup organisation, 11 Tampines Concourse 

was certified with a first-of-its-kind plastic neutrality certification for a building, under the Ocean-Bound Plastic’s 

Plastic Producer Standard. 

4. Stakeholder Impact  

and Partnerships

Supporting SDGs:

TCFD Pillars: G, S

Building goodwill in the community provides CDL with a 

strong social license to operate. Through working with 

like-minded partners, CDL has pioneered and developed 

partnerships that multiply our outreach and impact on 

climate action and UN SDGs.

In partnership with NParks, CDL launched a climate exhibition themed “Change the Present, Save the Future” 

at the CDL Green Gallery. Held in support of the Ministry of Sustainability and the Environment’s (MSE) Climate 

Action Week 2021, it amplified the call to action in support of global and national climate efforts.

CDL also partnered with Singapore Youth for Climate Action to launch the “Keep Calm and Love Our Planet” 

campaign at COP26 in November 2021, which aims to turn climate anxiety into positive action.   

In light of national COVID-19 measures, CDL held both virtual and hybrid events to continue our engagement 

efforts. The “Future of Sustainability Reporting” webinar series was supported by key partners such as Singapore 

Exchange (SGX), Singapore Institute of Directors (SID) and Global Reporting Initiative (GRI). Other Virtual SSA 

events include Storytelling @ My Tree House with National Library Board (NLB) and the Green Is the New Black’s 

Conscious Festival.  

GRI 3-2

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

3 1

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Delivering Value 



&amp; Best Practices





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DELIVERING  

VALUE &amp; BEST PRACTICES





























CDL’S Top Material ESG Issues 

Risks and Opportunities

CDL’s Responses and Achievements

5. Product/Service Quality  

and Responsibility 

Supporting SDGs:

TCFD Pillars: S, RM

Rising costs of building materials and labour shortages 

due to COVID-19 can result in delays in completion and 

impact our reputation and financials. 

As an asset owner and manager, CDL takes pride in 

ensuring a safe and healthy environment for our  

building users.

CDL remains committed to delivering safe and high-quality 

products and services for our homebuyers and tenants.

To ensure compliance and prevent latent defects, CDL has a robust process guided by the Design for Safety 

regulations to identify design risks and assess the severity of EHS impacts throughout the construction stages of 

our developments.

CDL unveiled its new in-house proprietary electronic system for expressions of interest, balloting and satellite sales 

bookings for the sales launch of Irwell Hill Residences and CanningHill Piers.

Potential homebuyers can access 3D virtual tours of CDL's new launches and online sales presentations from the 

comfort of their homes. 

The Virtual Unit Handover initiative piloted in 2020 will continue to serve us well for future projects that obtain 

TOP. Homeowners can opt for a virtual walkthrough, led by CDL’s Customer Service Officers.

6. Economic Contribution  

to Society

Supporting SDGs:

TCFD Pillars: G, S

CDL’s financial performance impacts the vested interests of 

our employees, shareholders, investors and supply chain. 

The generation of employment contributes to the economic 

growth of the markets that we operate in and the 

livelihoods in our supply chain.

 

Stabilising and reopening our commercial and retail 

operations whilst establishing recovery protocols help to 

ensure the commercial viability of our business and tenants.

Direct donations to the community are part of CDL’s 

community investments strategy to give back to the 

community.

As CDL remains resilient against the prolonged impact of the pandemic, we continue to uphold high standards 

of ethical business practices. We maintain strong branding and deliver quality products to generate profits and 

provide optimal returns for investors in our fiduciary duty as stewards of capital. 

CDL has committed more than $40 million in property tax rebates and rental relief to our Singapore and 

overseas retail and commercial tenants. This includes passing on the full quantum of property tax rebates from 

the Singapore government to local tenants. Rent restructuring was extended to selected tenants whose businesses 

were badly affected, as well as rental payment flexibility for those facing severe cash flow issues. Rental, 

operational and marketing support was provided to tenants adversely impacted by the stricter measures. Close to 

90% of CDL’s retail tenants have received rental assistance. 

A long-standing partner of Assisi Hospice since 1999, CDL raised more than $113,000 for the hospice in 2021 

through the CDL Challenge and Assisi e-Fun Day. The CDL Challenge is an in-house fundraising campaign that 

rallied donations from stakeholders, namely staff and business partners. At the Assisi e-Fun Day 2021, CDL and 

our subsidiary, Millennium &amp; Copthorne Hotels Limited (M&amp;C), raised funds through virtual stalls and provided 

donations-in-kind, namely shopping, F&amp;B and hotel vouchers towards the event's lucky draw and game prizes. 

GRI 3-2

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

3 2

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Delivering Value 



&amp; Best Practices





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DELIVERING  

VALUE &amp; BEST PRACTICES







































CDL’S Top Material ESG Issues 

Risks and Opportunities

CDL’s Responses and Achievements

7. Occupational Health,  

Safety and Well-being

Supporting SDGs:

TCFD Pillars: S, RM, M&amp;T 

Most activities at CDL’s construction sites and managed 

buildings are carried out by our appointed contractors. 

Safety lapses by our contractors can expose CDL to 

reputation and regulatory risks, and endanger the well-

being of the site workers and building users.

Safe management measures continue to be enforced to 

prevent community transmission of COVID-19 at CDL's 

construction sites and managed buildings.

Prolonged Work-From-Home (WFH) arrangements have 

the potential to affect employees’ mental well-being, due to 

lack of physical connection at the workplace and blurring 

of work and personal boundaries.

The safety, health and wellness of CDL’s employees and contractors’ workers have always been amongst our  

top priorities. 

CDL complies with ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety for our key operations in Singapore to effectively 

manage the safety, health and well-being of our employees and workers, directly or indirectly hired. 

Established since the early 2000s, CDL’s EHS Policy and CDL 5-Star EHS Assessment have been continually 

enhanced in standard and scope. CDL works closely with the appointed contractors, where possible, to ensure 

migrant workers’ work and living conditions are in line with national guidelines. Additionally, the CDL 5-Star EHS 

Assessment also recognises and awards contractor companies that display EHS excellence and promote workers' 

welfare. This Assessment also gives awards to exemplary workers. All six project sites are currently averaging 

above 90% of the total score for their EHS performance. 

Since the start of Phase 1 post-Circuit Breaker on 2 June 2020, CDL’s EHS team regularly conducts compliance 

checks on the implementation of Safe Management Measures (SMM) across all its managed properties.  

CDL has also incorporated SMM inspection checks into the regular EHS inspections to ensure compliance.  

Strict monitoring and response procedures continue to be reviewed and updated to align with the latest public 

health advisories.

8. Sustainable Finance

Supporting SDGs:

TCFD Pillars: G, S

The rise of ESG investing and responsible banking  

has unlocked alternative financing streams and granted 

CDL the access to a wider pool of ESG-centric investors  

and lenders.

Companies that lag in their ESG performance could be 

penalised through higher cost of debt financing and face 

divestment from shareholders.

As of 31 December 2021, CDL has secured more than $3 billion of sustainable financing, including a green 

bond, several green loans and a sustainability-linked loan.

In 2021, CDL and our JV partner jointly secured green loans of $847 million to finance the development of two 

Government Land Sales (GLS) sites at Piccadilly Grand and Tengah Garden Walk.

South Beach Consortium, a CDL JV, obtained a $1.22 billion green loan for the refinancing of South Beach—a 

double BCA Green Mark Platinum mixed-use development.

As an investor, CDL is a signatory to the UN PRI. We have developed the CDL Sustainable Investment Principles 

to steward responsible capital allocation and investments decision-making.

9. Water and Waste 

Management

Supporting SDGs:

TCFD Pillars: G, S, RM, M&amp;T

Prudent water usage can help to lower operational costs of 

CDL’s managed buildings, and conserve water.

Waste management is a growing concern in Singapore 

as the country is projected to run out of landfill space by 

2035. The Singapore government has stepped up on 

recycling efforts across the key waste streams to drive 

circular economy solutions.

CDL’s developments are designed with a lifecycle approach to water sustainability and sound waste 

management. We adopt technologies to raise water efficiency and manage waste, such as rainwater harvesting 

and twin-chute pneumatic waste disposal systems, which are implemented at many of our commercial and 

residential developments. 

At our commercial and retail properties, recycling bins and facilities are provided to encourage the recycling of 

paper, plastic and metal cans by tenants and shoppers. 

CDL maintained our inclusion in the 2021 CDP A List for water security, marking our third consecutive year of 

receiving an ‘A’ score.

GRI 3-2

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

3 3

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Delivering Value 



&amp; Best Practices





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DELIVERING  

VALUE &amp; BEST PRACTICES







































CDL’S Top Material ESG Issues 

Risks and Opportunities

CDL’s Responses and Achievements

10. Ethical and  

Transparent Business

Supporting SDGs:

TCFD Pillars: G, RM 

Bribery and corruption are amongst the highest risks for 

businesses that could lead to financial and reputational 

loss. Legal non-compliance can lead to the erosion of trust 

by CDL’s stakeholders, causing CDL to lose our social 

license to operate.

By taking a firm stance on our zero-tolerance policy 

towards fraud, bribery and corruption, CDL can provide 

strong assurance to our stakeholders, including investors  

and customers.

CDL benchmarks our practices with the voluntary SS ISO 37001 Anti-bribery Management Systems to minimise 

gaps. We operate according to industry standards. Anti-money laundering workshops are conducted annually for 

our employees.

CDL implements clear and transparent policies, risk management systems, and ESG disclosures to continuously 

monitor and validate business processes. Within CDL’s robust EHS Management System, applicable legal 

requirements are regularly monitored and evaluated for compliance. Incentives and penalties are also 

implemented to strengthen contractors’ site management. 

For transparency, our corporate and sustainability policies and guidelines are published on our corporate 

website, sustainability microsite and staff intranet, CDL360.

11. Healthy Buildings

Supporting SDGs:

TCFD Pillars: G, S, RM, M&amp;T

Apart from green features, building occupants appreciate 

healthy building features that contribute to their health, 

well-being and productivity.

Buildings with poor IAQ and sanitisation practices are 

susceptible to viral transmissions.

CDL designs and manages our buildings with the health and wellness of our building occupants in mind. We 

seek to maximise acoustic comfort, natural ventilation, thermal comfort and biophilic design in our buildings.

Developed in 2020, the CDL Smart, Sustainable and Super Low Carbon (3S) Green Building Framework is a 

holistic framework that is aligned with BCA SLE buildings requirements and international standards for advancing 

health and well-being in buildings. In 2021, the 3S Green Building Framework was updated to include 

embodied carbon management and renamed to CDL Smart, Sustainable and Super Low Carbon (3S) Green 

Building Framework.

12. Diversity and Inclusion 

(NEW) 

Supporting SDGs:

TCFD Pillars: G, S

Workplace diversity encompasses a wide spectrum, such as 

gender, race, age and employees with accessibility needs.

A workplace culture that embraces diversity and inclusion 

will attract and retain talent, while encouraging innovation 

and empathy.

Diversity and inclusion principles should be embedded 

into recruitment practices, opportunities for advancement 

and remuneration policies.

CDL’s recruitment process adheres to strict guidelines on non-discrimination and fairness, regardless of gender, 

ethnicity, religion, or age. As a company committed to meritocracy, CDL’s compensation and rewards policies 

are performance-based.

Women represent 69% of CDL’s workforce and close to half of HODs at our Singapore headquarters. CDL is 

committed to providing equal remuneration and actively monitors gender pay gaps across various staff levels.

CDL embraces an inclusive workplace. Our multi-racial workforce hails from diverse backgrounds. Due  

to Singapore’s predominantly Chinese population, our workforce comprises a larger percentage of  

Chinese employees. 

GRI 3-2

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

3 4

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Delivering Value 



&amp; Best Practices





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DELIVERING  

VALUE &amp; BEST PRACTICES







































CDL’S Top Material ESG Issues 

Risks and Opportunities

CDL’s Responses and Achievements

13. Responsible Supply Chain

Supporting SDGs:

TCFD Pillars: G, S, RM, M&amp;T

The procurement of unsustainable building materials and 

unfair labour practices that go against human rights can 

negatively impact CDL’s ESG performance and reputation, 

and contribute to the proliferation of such practices in the 

supply chain.

Usage of toxic building materials can also harm the health 

of building users and workers.

For more than a decade, CDL has specified responsible sourcing guidelines along our supply chain. This includes 

the implementation of the Responsible Procurement Guidelines3 since 2008 and the Green Procurement Guideline 

for property developments since 2009.  

In line with our corporate EHS Policy which has undergone regular updates since 2003, these guidelines 

encourage the use of eco-friendly and recycled materials that have been certified by approved local certification 

bodies, such as the Singapore Green Building Council (SGBC) and Singapore Environment Council (SEC). 

All suppliers are required to sign a Supplier Code of Conduct which provides comprehensive guiding principles 

for compliance.

CDL completed a supply chain segmentation study in 2020, where environmental (e.g. embodied carbon 

intensity) and social risks (e.g. forced or child labour) were assessed for our top suppliers and building materials 

procured for our developments. In 2020 and 2021, the results were shared with the BSC and the relevant 

business units to further enhance such initiatives.

14. Cyber-readiness, Security 

and Data Privacy

Supporting SDGs:

TCFD Pillars: G, RM

Strengthening CDL’s capabilities to protect itself and 

recover from cyber-attacks is vital to preventing data theft, 

financial loss, and disruption of operations.

In enhancing digital connectivity, the rapid shift to 

virtual and remote working environment can increase 

vulnerability in business systems due to user behaviour or 

external factors such as malware and phishing attacks.

Given rising data privacy concerns both locally and 

globally, CDL needs to be mindful of compliance 

requirements for international and local data privacy 

protection laws.

Besides establishing holistic IT governance structures and developing robust detection and mitigation measures 

to protect CDL’s critical business systems and data, our response plans are tested by internal auditors and an 

external professional firm and aligned with industry best practices.

Given the recent developments in data privacy regulations and the increasing impact of potential data privacy 

breaches, CDL’s risk assessment framework has identified data privacy as a key risk. As such, CDL has been 

carrying out various mitigating measures including staff awareness training, as well as the monitoring of local 

and international data privacy developments that are relevant to our businesses. 

Recognising that cyber-readiness, security and data privacy are constantly evolving and there will be the 

emergence of new threats and vulnerabilities, CDL is committed to continuously improving our network security 

and data protection measures.

15. Future-ready Workforce

Supporting SDGs:

TCFD Pillars: S, RM

Companies need to remain nimble to adapt to changing 

work conditions and arrangements (e.g. flexiwork and 

hybrid work models).

A workforce that does not keep up with industry 

developments, knowledge and technological trends will 

have a negative impact on human capital, operational 

efficiency, and business continuity.

Building a workforce with skill sets that future-proof CDL’s business in a fast-evolving global economy is a 

priority. We actively foster a culture of continuous learning, enabling employees to acquire holistic skills and 

competencies to stay relevant and adapt to changing job demands. 

With most of our workforce working from home in 2021, virtual learning and career development opportunities 

were made available to our employees. Topics covered include project management, mindfulness, big data and 

data analytics, sustainability, occupational health and safety, and the cultivation of healthy lifestyles.

3 

Renamed from Green Procurement Guidelines in 2020.

GRI 3-2

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

3 5

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Delivering Value 



&amp; Best Practices





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DELIVERING  

VALUE &amp; BEST PRACTICES





























CDL’S Top Material ESG Issues 

Risks and Opportunities

CDL’s Responses and Achievements

16. Human Rights and  

Labour Conditions

Supporting SDGs:

TCFD Pillars: G, S, RM

Respecting and promoting the rights and dignity of 

employees, workers and communities help to build a more 

resilient supply chain, which is expected from responsible 

businesses.

Creating a workplace that provides a decent work 

environment, fair remuneration, security in the workplace, 

freedom of expression, work-life balance, and career 

growth, is key to building a sustainable workforce. This 

allows CDL to strengthen employee loyalty and increase 

work productivity.

CDL engages our contractors and suppliers to abide by our fundamental principles and policies such as the 

Supplier Code of Conduct, Human Rights Policy, and Universal Design Policy. Since 2001, the CDL 5-Star EHS 

Assessment – an independent audit tool to assess, measure, and improve the main contractors’ EHS management 

and performance – has been in place to ensure a comprehensive, audited, and appraised approach.   

To help our workforce adapt to WFH arrangements, CDL ensured that our staff were equipped with the 

knowledge to use digital tools to facilitate effective communication.  

CDL conducts a biennial employee engagement survey to understand our employees’ concerns and engagement 

levels, enabling CDL to be an employer of choice.

17. Biodiversity Conservation 

(NEW) 

Supporting SDGs:

TCFD Pillars: G, S, RM

The health of biodiversity systems is intrinsically linked to 

climate change.

Without proper assessment and mitigation and  

prevention measures, the natural habitats of flora and 

fauna could be negatively impacted during building 

development and management.

Since 2010, CDL has been voluntarily conducting Biodiversity Impact Assessments (BIA) on greenfield sites before 

construction. To advance biodiversity protection and urban greenery at its sites and buildings, a Biodiversity 

Policy, expanding on its BIA practices, was formulated in 2020. The policy complements Singapore’s “City in 

Nature” vision established in 2021. In 2016, CDL piloted an Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) study for 

our Forest Woods residential development. Based on this pilot, CDL is exploring possibilities of applying it for 

future developments.

This is aligned with CDL’s commitment to adopt nature-based solutions (e.g. biophilic building design) to promote 

the integration of the built environment with nature.

GRI 3-2

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

3 6

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Delivering Value 



&amp; Best Practices





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DELIVERING  

VALUE &amp; BEST PRACTICES

INTEGRATING SUSTAINABILITY INTO OUR VALUE CHAIN



To catalyse change within the larger ecosystem, CDL is 

committed to engaging and influencing our value chain 

to adopt more sustainable and innovative practices in 

alignment with global best practices. 

Our value chain management encapsulates how we view 

our impacts beyond our direct operations. We identified 

key areas along our value chain where we can create 

social and environmental impact, referencing the “SDG 

Compass: The Guide for Business Action on the SDGs”, 

jointly developed by the GRI, UNGC, and World Business 

Council for Sustainable Development.

Leveraging our sphere of influence amongst stakeholders, 

we apply our core competencies, invest in innovations 

and engage our network to promote and contribute to 

the relevant SDGs. Underlying this value chain process 

is a proactive and continuous engagement with internal 

and external stakeholders through the lifecycle of asset 

development and management.









Financiers

Government  

and Regulators

Land Owners













Builders and 

Suppliers

Community

Consultants

Government  

and Regulators

















Builders and 

Suppliers

Community

Consultants

Government  

and Regulators

























Property 

Agencies

Banks

Customers

Community

Government  

and Regulators













Value Chain 



Management





Land 

Acquisition

Design and 

Planning

Building and 

Construction 

(including 

sourcing of 

materials)

Property Development 

and Asset Management

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

3 7

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Delivering Value 



&amp; Best Practices





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DELIVERING  

VALUE &amp; BEST PRACTICES

BEST PRACTICES AND ESG COMMITMENTS



As a global company, CDL supports international industry best practices and ESG commitments to uphold strong corporate governance, conduct business with integrity and spearhead climate 

action in our operations and supply chain.



The list of our ESG commitments and best practices is non-exhaustive. Please refer to CDL’s sustainability website



 for more information.





Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Financing Terrorism Policy

The Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Financing Terrorism Policy for our property 

business aligns with URA’s guidance and the Monetary Authority of Singapore’s mission 

to mitigate the risk of Singapore being used as a platform by global criminals and terrorist 

organisations to launder illicit funds. The Policy provides guidelines and procedures for our 

frontline sales and compliance function to detect and report such criminal acts.

Board Diversity Pledge

In 2015, CDL supported the Board Diversity Pledge initiated by Singapore Institute of 

Directors and SGX. By taking the Pledge, CDL commits to promoting diversity as a key 

attribute of a well-functioning and effective Board. In 2017, the Board of CDL formally 

adopted the Board Diversity Policy, which sets out the policy and framework for promoting 

diversity on the Board.

Incident Escalation and Reporting Framework

The Group-wide Incident Escalation and Reporting Framework ensures a clear and 

structured communication process in the event of any emergencies. It facilitates structured 

reporting and management of all incidents with a potential financial, operational or 

reputational impact on CDL Group.

Employers’ Pledge of Fair Employment Practices

CDL is a signatory of the Employers’ Pledge of Fair Employment Practices with the Tripartite 

Alliance for Fair and Progressive Employment Practices (TAFEP). TAFEP works with 

employer organisations, unions and the Government to create awareness and to facilitate 

the adoption of fair employment practices. The alliance is co-chaired by representing 

employer unions and National Trades Union Congress.







Ethical Marketing Practices

Since 2000, we have developed a set of internal procedures and an operational manual 

for marketing and leasing. These are reviewed annually to reflect changes in marketing 

practices, technology, regulation, and stakeholder expectations. Marketing collaterals 

produced by CDL are compliant with the Singapore Code of Advertising Practice 

administered by the Advertising Standards Authority of Singapore, an Advisory Council to 

the Consumers Association of Singapore. 

CDL’s marketing practices also comply with the URA’s Housing Developers Rules (HDR) and 

BCA’s Guidelines for Outdoor Signs at our construction sites. The HDR seeks to enhance 

transparency in the real estate industry, enabling homebuyers to make better-informed 

decisions when buying a home, while the BCA guidelines prohibit cross-marketing of other 

products and services.

Green Lease Partnership Programme

To support our office and retail tenants’ efforts to lower their carbon footprint, we 

implemented the Green Lease Partnership Programme in 2014. 100% of existing office 

and retail tenants have pledged their commitment to go green by signing a green lease.

Principles for Responsible Investment

Supported by the United Nations, the PRI is the world’s leading proponent of responsible 

investment. It supports an international network of investor signatories in incorporating ESG 

factors into their investment and ownership decisions. CDL joined as a signatory under the 

investment manager category, committing to integrate PRI’s Six Principles into our investment 

decisions and outcomes. CDL CSO is a member of PRI’s Real Estate Advisory Committee.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

3 8

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Delivering Value 



&amp; Best Practices





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DELIVERING  

VALUE &amp; BEST PRACTICES







Responsible Procurement Guidelines

Reflecting our commitment to use resources more efficiently, and respect health and safety 

in our supply chain, our Responsible Procurement Guidelines set out our requirements for 

the selection of vendors and suppliers at our Corporate Office and across core business 

operations in Singapore. 

The guidelines include:

• Sharing the Corporate EHS Policy with new vendors and suppliers

• Indicating a preference for use of eco-friendly and recycled materials and products

• Indicating a preference for ISO 14001, ISO 45001 and bizSAFE Level 3 certified vendors 

• Declaring the use of eco-friendly and recycled paper in printed materials

• Meeting applicable EHS legal requirements, i.e. risk assessments conducted and  

risk controls implemented for work activities carried out for and/or on behalf of CDL 

that may impact CDL, the vendor/supplier’s workers and any other interested parties at 

the workplace.

Supplier Code of Conduct 

The Supplier Code of Conduct provides comprehensive guiding principles for our vendors 

and suppliers to comply with CDL’s expectations of ethical standards, covering the 

following areas:

• Business integrity

• Gifts and entertainment

• Legal compliance

• Fair competition

• Environmental sustainability

• Human rights

• Open communication

• Health and safety

• Reciprocity

• Conflict of interest

Sustainable Employment Pledge

Purposeful actions by companies will foster a vibrant economy and society through 

sustainable employment practices and encourage innovation. CDL has taken the 

Sustainable Employment Pledge, an initiative by Singapore Business Federation, and has 

committed to making at least one improvement to our practices in sustainable employment 

every twelve months.







UN Climate Neutral Now Pledge

As part of our commitment to achieve carbon neutrality, we joined the UN Climate Neutral 

Now Pledge by the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) 

in 2020 to commit maintaining carbon neutrality for our corporate office operations and 

11 Tampines Concourse. In March 2021, we further expanded this pledge to achieve 

net zero operational carbon for the rest of our wholly-owned buildings and developments 

under our direct operational and management control, to align with our pledge to 

WorldGBC's Net Zero Carbon Buildings Commitment.

Women’s Empowerment Principles 

With a workforce that is majority female, CDL is committed to empowering women in our 

workplace and supporting their pursuit of career and personal development. The Board 

and top management of CDL firmly believe that diversity and inclusion will strategically 

enhance our human capital and performance for future growth. Our Group CEO joined 

over 1,600 leaders globally in pledging CDL’s support for the Women’s Empowerment 

Principles. Developed through a partnership between the UN Women and UNGC, the 

principles offer practical guidance to the private sector on how to empower women in the 

workplace, marketplace and community.

WorldGBC's Net Zero Carbon Buildings Commitment

In February 2021, CDL became the first real estate conglomerate in Southeast Asia to 

sign the WorldGBC Net Zero Carbon Buildings Commitment in February 2021. This is 

a global pledge to achieve net zero operational carbon by 2030, covering new and 

existing wholly-owned assets under our direct management and operational control. In 

November 2021, during COP26, CDL joined 44 pioneering companies worldwide to 

extend our pledge towards a net zero whole life carbon emissions approach. Through this 

expanded commitment, we pledged to achieve maximum reduction of embodied carbon 

in new developments, compensating for any remaining residual operational and upfront 

embodied emissions via offsetting for new developments by 2030 and for all buildings to 

be net zero carbon by 2050.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

3 9

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Delivering Value 



&amp; Best Practices





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration








DRIVING 

INNOVATION 

&amp; BUILDING PERFORMANCE














MANUFACTURED

CAPITAL

SOCIAL AND

RELATIONSHIP

CAPITAL

ACTIVITIES



OUTPUTS



VALUE CREATED



FINANCIAL

CAPITAL

CONTRIBUTING 



 



TO SDGS





































































































































































































































DRIVING INNOVATION &amp;

BUILDING PERFORMANCE



















3S Green Building Framework

Innovation, Digitalisation  

and Technology

Enterprise Innovation Committee

Green Building and Technology 

Application Team

CDL Green Lease Partnership 

Programme

Universal Design

Customer Service

Quality Management













Smart and Climate-resilient 

Green Buildings

BCA Green Mark Awards 

Innovative Building and  

Low Carbon Solutions  

Product Safety and Customer 

Well-being

Green Leases

PropTech and Impact  

Investments











Energy and Operational 

Efficiency

Environment and  

Community Impact  

Cost Savings  

Customer Satisfaction

Wellness and Safety of  

Building Occupants

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

4 1

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Driving Innovation &amp; 



Building Performance





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration






Aligned with global climate action towards a net 

zero carbon future, CDL has been raising our 

ambition towards a low-carbon and sustainable 

built environment. Leveraging innovation, 

digital and green building technology is key to 

transforming the way we design, build and manage 

our properties. Energy efficiency, decarbonisation 

and building resilience to tackle climate risks and 

create economic and social benefits are our priorities.

1 

Advancing Net Zero. World Green Building Council, 29 November 2021.

2 

Renamed from Super Low Energy in 2021.

DRIVING INNOVATION &amp;

BUILDING PERFORMANCE

INNOVATING TO RAISE BUILDING 



PERFORMANCE



We raised the bar and aligned ourselves with more 

ambitious carbon emissions reduction targets and 

commitments set in the Singapore Green Plan 2030 in 

2021. To achieve these new targets, innovation and R&amp;D 

are key pathways in the transition to net zero. 

In February 2021, CDL demonstrated a firm commitment to 

decarbonisation by being the first real estate conglomerate 

in Southeast Asia to sign the World Green Building Council 

(WGBC)'s Net Zero Carbon Buildings Commitment. We 

pledged net zero operational carbon by 2030 for our 

new and existing wholly-owned assets and developments 

under our direct operational and management control. 

In November 2021 during COP26, CDL joined 44 

pioneering companies to expand our pledge to adopt a 

whole life carbon reduction approach across our value 

chain. This bold and ambitious commitment reinforced our 

longstanding integration of sustainability to future-proof our 

business. As we move into a low-carbon world, we will 

accelerate our focus on innovation and digitalisation to 

support CDL’s business growth and transformation.

3S Green Building Framework

Introduced in 2020, the CDL Smart, Sustainable and 

Super Low Carbon (3S) Green Building Framework is a 

key enabler founded on two critical drivers – innovation 

and digitalisation – to support CDL’s business growth and 

transition to net zero operation. This holistic framework is 

aligned with the BCA Super Low Energy (SLE) buildings 

requirements, as well as international standards for 

advancing health and well-being in buildings. In 2021, 

the 3S Green Building Framework was updated to include 

embodied carbon management. This aims to align with the 

WorldGBC’s whole life carbon vision in the expanded Net 

Zero Carbon Commitment.1



3S GREEN BUILDING FRAMEWORK

• HIGH OPERATIONAL EFFICIENCY AND PRODUCTIVITY •

• LOW-CARBON AND COST-EFFECTIVE BUILDINGS •

• LIVEABLE AND HEALTHY ENVIRONMENT •

SUPER-LOW CARBON2

SUSTAINABLE

SMART

SBTi &amp; NET ZERO TARGETS 

 

• Leverage smart technologies 

and innovations to reduce 

building’s energy consumption

• Accelerate investment on 

building retrofits towards 

decarbonisation

• Step up BCA Green Mark SLE 

certification for existing assets 

and new developments

• Transition to 100% renewable 

energy

• Maximise the use of low-

carbon materials to reduce 

embodied carbon over whole 

life cycle

• Track and monitor emissions 

reduction progress with 

validated science-based targets

INTEGRATIVE &amp; INTELLIGENT 

PLATFORMS

• Implement energy performance 

tools, systems and standards 

in alignment with global 

sustainability disclosure and 

reporting frameworks

• Integrate AI and big data 

analytics for active monitoring 

and controlling of lighting, 

air-conditioning, mechanical 

ventilation, cleaning and 

maintenance, security, EV 

charging, renewables, etc. 

• Enable real-time digital 

evaluation of assets’ 

environmental and operational 

performance 

• Prioritise intuitive user 

experience

HEALTHY BUILDINGS &amp; 

WELLNESS

Aligning with best-in-class green 

building practices for:

• Indoor air quality

• Clean water 

• Thermal comfort

• Lighting comfort

• Acoustics comfort

• Waste minimisation and 

circularity

• Biodiversity and Environmental 

Impact Assessments

• Universal design 

• Access to greenery and nature

• Physical activity and community 

spaces 

• Responsible environmental 

behaviours 

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

4 2

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Driving Innovation &amp; 



Building Performance





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration


DRIVING INNOVATION &amp;

BUILDING PERFORMANCE

3 

Includes subsidiaries and associated companies. Information accurate as of 31 December 2021. 

4 

Fuji Xerox Towers was awarded the Green Mark Platinum certificate from 22 December 2017 to 22 December 2020. Recertification was subsequently put on hold due to redevelopment works.

5 

Prior commitment to achieve at least one SLE building by 2023 has been achieved in 2021, for our redevelopment project at 80 Anson Road.



Refreshed Green Building Standards – 

As Singapore’s real estate and green building pioneer 

since the early 2000s, CDL has amassed a portfolio of 

114 BCA Green Mark certifications for our developments 

and office interiors.3,4 This makes us the most awarded 

BCA Green Mark Platinum developer in Singapore’s 

private sector. All new residential developments by CDL 

devote more than 40% of the site area to landscaping 

and communal facilities incorporating innovative designs 

and features. CDL supports BCA Green Mark 2021 (GM: 

2021), which refreshes existing green building standards to 

improve energy performance and place greater emphasis 

on related sustainability outcomes.

CDL has set the following targets, endorsed by our top 

Management, to take our green building ambitions to the 

next level:

• Continually commit to investing 2% to 5% of the 

construction cost of new developments in green and 

healthy design and features

• Commit to achieving BCA Green Mark certification for 

100% of CDL owned and/or managed buildings,  

by 2030

• Commit to achieving SLE buildings for 80% of CDL 

owned and/or managed buildings by 20305

• Commit to achieving net zero carbon with whole-life 

cycle approach for wholly-owned and directly managed 

buildings in Singapore by 2030

• Commit to reducing the embodied carbon of our 

construction materials by 41% as compared to 

conventional equivalents, by 2030

Key Features of 80 Anson Road

Awarded Green Mark SLE Platinum

• The first development along Anson Road to tap 

on district cooling

• Solar PV system, which will generate renewable 

energy to meet 30% of the development’s major 

energy-use systems, such as lighting and lifts

• Building’s exterior uses horizontal sun shading 

fins on every level, which reduces heat and 

energy consumption 

• Energy savings for the residential component 

is estimated to be up to 1.7 million kWh per 

year, equivalent to powering approximately 400 

4-room HDB flats

• Green features, for residential component, 

including energy and water efficient appliances, 

allow cost savings of up to approximately 

$450,000 per year 



 80 Anson Road Artist’s Impression

Awarded BCA Green Mark Platinum SLE 

Certification – CDL’s redevelopment project at 80 Anson 

Road (former Fuji Xerox Towers)’s residential component is 

the first private residential development to receive this award 

in August 2021. It was subsequently awarded the same 

achievement for serviced apartments, office and retail. This 

has fulfilled our Future Value 2030 commitment to achieve 

at least one SLE building by 2023. The mixed-use project 

is aligned with CDL’s 3S Green Building Framework, which 

follows BCA’s SLE building requirements and international 

standards for advancing health and well-being in buildings. 

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

4 3

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Driving Innovation &amp; 



Building Performance





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DRIVING INNOVATION &amp;

BUILDING PERFORMANCE

Adapting to the New Normal – The impact from 

the COVID-19 pandemic has necessitated a shift to a 

Work-From-Home (WFH) arrangement. This has led to an 

increased emphasis on flexibility of space, wellness and 

nature, with homebuyers increasingly drawn to eco-friendly 

and smart home features. Our latest projects, Irwell Hill 

Residences and CanningHill Piers, have taken these trends 

into consideration. Besides fitting adaptive furnishings for 

better living and working at home, a variety of co-working 

spaces are incorporated throughout common areas.



 Irwell Hill Residences Artist’s Impression

Irwell Hill Residences

People-centric Design for Work and Leisure

Irwell Hill Residences is designed to address new 

trends in nature, wellness, sustainability, as well as 

flexibility of space for WFH and home-based learning. 

Some apartment units come with bespoke 

countertops that can easily convert into 

workstations. Function rooms are equipped to host 

meetings and conferences. Irwell Vista, located on 

Level 24 of both towers, features a purpose-designed 

workspace exclusively for residents – Vista Co-Work. 

These bespoke workstations are equipped with 

Wi-Fi and charging points, in a setting that offers a 

spectacular view of the sky framed by greenery.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

4 4

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Driving Innovation &amp; 



Building Performance





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration






DRIVING INNOVATION &amp;

BUILDING PERFORMANCE

DRIVING INNOVATION AND 



 



DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION



Innovation has been a key driver in our decarbonisation 

journey and one of CDL’s top-voted material ESG 

issues since 2017. The Green Building and Technology 

Application team was established in 2020 as part of CDL’s 

Sustainability portfolio. The team works closely with the 

Enterprise Innovation Committee (EIC) in strategising how 

to leverage scalable technology to reduce our carbon 

footprint in the way we design, build, and manage our 

assets. CDL recognises that circular economy is the way 

forward. We have started exploring circularity practices 

and solutions, such as adopting advanced low-carbon 

construction methods and materials as part of our efforts to 

reduce embodied carbon.

Enterprise Innovation Committee 

CDL's EIC was formed by our Group CEO in 2018 as an 

anchor platform for multidisciplinary collaboration to drive 

innovation and business transformation. Chaired by our 

Group Chief Operating Officer, the EIC has put in active 

efforts to scout, implement and invest in customer-and 

digital-centric solutions that create near and long-term 

business value for CDL.

These activities are powered by three mutually-reinforcing 

engines: (1) Innovation Pipeline; (2) People and Culture; 

and (3) PropTech Investment. 

CDL Innovation Engine



Innovation 



Pipeline



People 



 



&amp; Culture



PropTech



 



Investment































Innovation Pipeline

Piloted and scaled across diverse innovation themes

We source for quality leads, 

qualify them and pilot and/or 

scale up the implementation of 

solutions that meet our criteria.

CDL constantly identifies and assesses new PropTech and other solutions that will future-

fit CDL’s businesses. Quality leads are prioritised and some will eventually be scoped 

and executed as pilot projects. 

People and Culture

Created innovation capability building opportunities

We create opportunities for  

staff to build new capabilities, 

stay abreast of pertinent industry 

trends and apply innovation 

approaches to work.

As CDL levels up the innovation maturity model, we aim to have more widespread staff 

participation in CDL’s innovation projects. In 2021, CDL organised multiple capability 

building opportunities for our staff to gain greater awareness of the company’s 

innovation strategy, broaden knowledge on PropTech and uncover design thinking 

approaches.

In addition, CDL shares bite-sized information about the latest building innovation, 

global trends, and inspirational reads via EIC’s monthly internal e-newsletter. It acts as 

an innovation stimulant that puts forth business challenges and allows employees across 

the company to contribute ideas. 

PropTech Investment

Continued to work with existing and new investees

We invest in and partner with 

selected venture capital funds  

and start-ups.

CDL invests in Venture Capital (VC) funds and companies that are synergistic to CDL’s 

core businesses. Key objectives are to implement investees’ solutions that value-add to 

CDL’s assets and explore emerging trends or solutions with potential financial upside. 

In 2021, CDL invested in Taronga Ventures, an APAC-based PropTech VC fund. This 

investment will provide CDL access to a steady stream of pipeline and portfolio start-ups 

with innovative technology and business models, with a focus on Asia as well as on ESG. 

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

4 5

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Driving Innovation &amp; 



Building Performance





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration






DRIVING INNOVATION &amp;

BUILDING PERFORMANCE

Developing PropTech Solutions In-House

DigiHUB is a proprietary smart enterprise platform 

for building performance management developed 

by CBM Pte Ltd, a wholly owned building and 

facility management subsidiary of CDL. DigiHUB is 

a predictive and integrated facilities management 

(FM) solution, leveraging three key technological 

advances in the digital age – the Internet of Things 

(IoT) Sensors, Edge Computing, combined with 

Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning. 

DigiHUB synergises the different IT capabilities and 

has revolutionised the delivery of FM services, by 

allowing central monitoring of multiple assets on 

asset management functions and improves efficiency 

in resource deployment. Its proof-of-concept and 

pilot was first carried out in 2019 at Republic 

Plaza, and its completion in 2021 was endorsed by 

Infocomm Media Development Authority. Through 

DigiHUB, CDL is the first Singapore company to 

secure a discount on a sustainability-linked loan 

through the adoption of an innovative project that 

supports the UN SDGs on a large-scale basis.



 3D Model is available to provide real-view of the property





C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

4 6

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Driving Innovation &amp; 



Building Performance





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DRIVING INNOVATION &amp;

BUILDING PERFORMANCE

Since 2010, CDL has been at the forefront of supporting 

the transformation of the local urban mobility scene by 

providing carpark lots with EV chargers. Our efforts support 

the Singapore Green Plan 2030, where Singapore aims to 

install 60,000 EV charging points at public car parks and 

private premises by 2030.

Innovations by NUS-CDL Smart Green Home

Since 2017, CDL has formed an R&amp;D partnership with the 

NUS College of Design and Engineering, formerly known as 

NUS School of Design and Environment (SDE). In addition 

to the NUS-CDL Tropical Technologies Laboratory (T2 Lab), 

which has been operational since late 2018, the NUS-CDL 

Smart Green Home was opened in 2019. It is located at 

NUS’ SDE Building 4, Singapore’s first new-build net zero 

energy building. Designed as a 100m² full-size home for 

testing, analysing, evaluating, and piloting smart home 

innovations in a “plug-and-play” real-life environment, the 

NUS-CDL Smart Green Home serves as a platform for holistic 

and innovative experimental studies for sustainable living.

An innovation developed by the NUS-CDL Smart Green 

Home, the Acoustic Friendly Ventilation Window (AFVW) 

prototype was installed at Irwell Hill Residences' showflat in 

March 2021 for test trials and system refinement. The AFVW 

allows building occupants to enjoy better indoor air quality, 

aural comfort, and wellness. The prototype is currently 

being improved for commercialisation. CDL will explore 

scaling up the use of this novel system in future projects.





In December 2021, CDL partnered with Porsche Asia 

Pacific and SP Group to expand EV charging infrastructure 

at the South Beach mixed development and four CDL 

commercial properties — City Square Mall, King’s Centre, 

Palais Renaissance and Quayside Isle. Under the CDL 

Green Procurement Guidelines for property developments, 

EV chargers are mandatory provisions at our new 

commercial properties.

CHAMPIONING INNOVATION 



 



THROUGH PARTNERSHIPS



R&amp;D and technology are key for a net zero future. 

Connecting a building’s sustainability performance to its 

design and incorporation of smart technology not only 

propel energy efficiency but enhance its resilience to 

climate change. CDL’s extensive network of longstanding 

partnerships with key R&amp;D players creates business value 

and helps us navigate towards our net-zero goals. 

 EV charging carpark lots at Republic Plaza



Expanding EV Adoption with Porsche Asia 

Pacific and SP Group

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

4 7

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Driving Innovation &amp; 



Building Performance





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DRIVING INNOVATION &amp;

BUILDING PERFORMANCE

COLLABORATION WITH SERIS



Since 2017, CDL has supported and partnered the  

Solar Energy Research Institute of Singapore (SERIS) to 

pilot two projects – Building-Integrated Photovoltaics 

(BIPV) modules and bifacial BIPV art wall. In 2021, these 

projects were installed at Central Mall and City Square 

Mall respectively. Data is being collected and evaluated 

to provide insights into potential scaling-up at existing CDL 

assets and new developments. 







Cost-effective high-power density BIPV module 

at Central Mall 

Benefits of BIPV Modules

• Improves indoor thermal and visual comfort as well as 

electrical performance 

• Offers a cost-effective high-power density solution

• Easily integrates into buildings

• Combines with prefabrication technology (i.e. 

Prefabricated Prefinished Volumetric Construction 

(PPVC)) to greatly reduce the cost of BIPV integration 

and improve construction productivity since it is applied 

modularly at a construction site

The pilot for BIPV modules will continue till December 2022. 

Current results show that BIPV integration with different 

building elements is feasible and can lead to significant 

generation of PV electricity. The two-year pilot will conclude 

with additional data on thermal comfort effectiveness as well.

First-of-its-kind bifacial BIPV panels piloted at 

City Square Mall

Benefits of Bifacial BIPV panels

• Customisable aesthetic feature 

• Power generator

Data of the performance of these bifacial BIPV panels has 

been collected for analysis to explore opportunities for 

scaled up implementation.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

4 8

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Driving Innovation &amp; 



Building Performance





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DRIVING INNOVATION &amp;

BUILDING PERFORMANCE

INCUBATOR FOR SDG



S



In partnership with the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), 

Singapore Centre for Social Enterprise (raiSE) and Social Collider, 

Incubator For SDGs at Republic Plaza was launched in 2019 to provide 

rent-free workspace and access to management experts for selected 

social enterprises and start-ups that are aligned with one or more UN 

SDGs. Due to COVID-19 restrictions, part of the Incubator For SDG 

programme was put on hold. Nevertheless, start-ups were still able to 

utilise the rent-free shared workspaces in 2020 and 2021. In 2021, CDL 

engaged Global Green Economic Forum (GGEF), an experienced impact 

investing accelerator with global connections. GGEF further enhanced 

the Incubator's programme and welcomed a second intake of impact 

innovators to join the Incubator. Current incubatees include:

• Bountifood (Food Science Tech)

• ESG Tech (Global ESG Data Exchange Platform)

• Green Materials Trading (Sustainable Construction Materials)

• SGP Foods (Sustainable Urban Protein)

• Soristic Impact Collective (Social Impact Consulting)



 11 Tampines Concourse, the first CarbonNeutral® development in Singapore and APAC region in 2009 

Achieving First-of-its-Kind Plastic Neutrality Certification for a Building

In 2021, CDL partnered with a social enterprise, Seven Clean Seas (SCS), to certify 11 Tampines 

Concourse, one of our commercial properties, under the Ocean Bound Plastic (OBP) Neutrality 

Certification. The novel certification programme aims to encourage OBP recycling by compensating 

the plastic footprint of companies via neutralisation certificates (i.e. plastic credits), which are used by 

organisations, like SCS, to collect and treat non-recyclable OBP waste. The certification process also 

ensures all ethical, social, and environmental requirements are met across the value chain of the building. 

This plastic neutrality initiative complements CDL’s long-standing commitment to drive climate action, 

mitigate the impact of our buildings and contribute towards achieving SDG 14: Life Below Water. 





C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

4 9

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Driving Innovation &amp; 



Building Performance





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration






DRIVING INNOVATION &amp;

BUILDING PERFORMANCE

INNOVATION HIGHLIGHTS FOR SAFE, HEALTHY AND SMART BUILDINGS



The following pilots reflect CDL’s commitment in digitalising and decarbonising to strengthen our business operations. These highlights are non-exhaustive.

Autonomous Robotic Floor Cleaner 

• Enhances operational productivity with  

re-deployment of cleaners.

• The robot’s operation is monitored remotely via a 

mobile or web-based application.

• Onboard cameras and sensors help the cleaning 

robots navigate around obstacles.

• Deployed at Republic Plaza and City Square Mall 

since Q1 2021.



Autonomous Facade Cleaning Solution 

(Pilot Stage)

• A safer way to clean, inspect and repair building 

facades.

• Able to reduce reliance on manpower in cleaning 

and thus lower safety risks.

• Pilot test started at Republic Plaza in 2021, and is 

targeted to be completed by Q1 2023.



Innovative Micro-climate Control Solution 

(Pilot Stage)

• A self-learning technology that maps out the ambient 

temperature within a space and adjusts the air 

distribution for thermal comfort.

• Pilot started at Republic Plaza in 2021 and is 

scheduled to complete in 2022.



Photo Credit: Vertiklean

Photo Credit: SP Digital, in partnership with 75F

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

5 0

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Driving Innovation &amp; 



Building Performance





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration






DRIVING INNOVATION &amp;

BUILDING PERFORMANCE







Photo Credit: Schindler

Photo Credit: Novenco

Electronically Commutative (EC) Fan to Improve 

Efficiency of Air Distribution

• An EC fan trial was completed at Level 15 of 

Republic Plaza in Q4 2021.

• An improvement of 40% to 50% in efficiency was 

established for air distribution, when compared to the 

current belt-driven fan.

• All current Air Handling Units (AHUs) with belt-driven 

fans will gradually be replaced with the EC fan type 

over the next few years.

Lift Monitoring and Predictive Analytics System

• The lifts at Palais Renaissance are undergoing a trial 

with the lift service vendor using Remote Monitoring 

and Diagnostics (RM&amp;D) technologies to improve 

their reliability and downtime. 

• Anomalies are expected to be diagnosed or 

predicted in advance by RM&amp;D to allow for the lift 

service vendor to plan for relevant manpower needs 

and inventory preparations.

• The trial is scheduled to complete in Q2 2022.

Smart Energy Storage System to Replace 

Diesel-powered Generators 

• Deployed at Irwell Hill Residences’ construction site in 

Q4 2021 — one of the first five construction sites in 

Singapore to pilot this technology.

• Smart battery offers an advanced energy storage 

solution, which is diesel-free and fully electric.

• Allows the project team to remotely monitor usage 

and perform troubleshooting.

• Expected to reduce carbon emissions by 85% 

and reduce noise by 32 times compared to the 

conventional diesel-powered generator.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

5 1

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Driving Innovation &amp; 



Building Performance





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration


DRIVING INNOVATION &amp;

BUILDING PERFORMANCE



UPLIFTING CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE 



THROUGH DIGITAL ENGAGEMENT



CDL actively leverages technology to automate processes, 

standardise protocols and drive data-backed decision 

making. Examples of such enablers are systems that 

support asset management modelling, customer 

relationship management, lease management and facilities 

management. Desired outcomes include greater consistency 

in service standards, higher productivity, reduced margins 

of error and heightened competitiveness.

Digitalised Homebuying Processes 

CDL developed an in-house proprietary Home Sales and 

e-Balloting System to facilitate expressions of interest, 

balloting and satellite sales bookings. Piloted during Irwell 

Hill Residences’ launch, this newly-developed system 

provided homebuyers a more conducive, transparent 

and seamless buying experience. Digitalisation of these 

processes increased efficiency and reduced paper 

wastage, and garnered positive feedback from homebuyers 

and sales agents.



 CDL Home Sales and e-Balloting System 

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

5 2

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Driving Innovation &amp; 



Building Performance





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




Note: Based on total number of respondents 

* There was no customer satisfaction survey administered in 2020 as there was no development that obtained TOP within the relevant timeframe that is nine 

months after TOP.

HOMEBUYERS’ SATISFACTION (%)

TENANTS’ SATISFACTION (%)

Overall Level of Satisfaction

Recommend to Friends

Office

Industrial

Retail

2017

2018

2019

2020*

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

DRIVING INNOVATION &amp;

BUILDING PERFORMANCE

Achieving High Customer Satisfaction  

To better understand customers’ expectations, identify 

areas for improvement, and enhance service quality, CDL 

regularly reviews customer satisfaction measurements 

through formal surveys. Our target is to achieve at least a 

70% satisfaction rate from homebuyers and at least 80% 

from office, industrial and retail tenants. 

As part of the tenant engagement programme and 

continued efforts for improvement, tenants of commercial 

properties are surveyed annually on their levels of 

satisfaction in areas such as building and services 

management. In 2021, all sectors have exceeded the 

targeted 80% tenant satisfaction rate, and improved 

against 2020.

For homebuyers, an online customer satisfaction survey is 

sent at least nine months after handover to measure their 

experience across various touchpoints. In 2021, a customer 

satisfaction survey was administered with homebuyers of 

Forest Woods, which achieved an overall satisfaction rate 

of 66%. The findings uncovered a gap in workmanship due 

to a shortage of skilled workers since the pandemic started.  

To enhance customer experience, the virtual handover of 

strata units launched in 2020 was extended to include 

common areas, following homebuyers’ feedback. In 

2021, homebuyers who had opted for a virtual handover 

were treated to a virtual walkthrough of individual units 

and common facilities in the development. Homebuyer 

satisfaction on the virtual handover experience has since 

grown from 95% in 2020 to 100% in 2021. 

We continually engage homebuyers via virtual platforms 

even after handover of the apartment units. In 2021, CDL 

organised three online contests and seven webinars on 

health, wellness, home design and financial planning for 

our homebuyers.

NA

NA

78

















68

65

61

57

63

66

72































97

89

98

97

83

100

97

76

95

100

94

95

97

88

94

GRI 3-1

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

5 3

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Driving Innovation &amp; 



Building Performance





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DRIVING INNOVATION &amp;

BUILDING PERFORMANCE

Engaging Homebuyers in Living Green

Since 2004, CDL has implemented the Let’s Live Green! 

eco-home initiative for our newly completed residential 

properties. As part of the initiative, every homebuyer 

receives a Green Living Guide, designed to provide eco-

friendly lifestyle tips and to encourage active usage of 

green features and facilities catered within the individual 

units and in the common areas. In 2021, softcopies of the 

Green Living Guide were distributed to homebuyers of The 

Tapestry when the development obtained TOP in February.

Engaging Tenants in our Green Initiatives  

Tenant and occupant activities within a building 

can account for close to 50%6 of the total electricity 

consumption. CDL works closely with our commercial 

tenants, beyond investing in green infrastructure. Through 

our Green Lease Partnership Programme, we are shifting 

user mindset and behaviour to support CDL’s green  

building commitment. 

6 

Tenant and occupant activities accounted for 48.3% of total building electricity consumption in 2021 for CDL’s managed buildings.



Supporting Tenants to Go Green through the 

Green Lease Partnership Programme 

CDL implemented the Green Lease Partnership 

Programme since 2014 to support our commercial 

tenants’ efforts to lower their carbon footprint. Since 

end-2017, 100% of tenants have pledged their 

commitment to go green by signing a green lease. The 

Green Lease Partnership Programme activities include 

green guidelines and checklists for all new tenants to 

guide them in fitting out works and operations.

Stepping Up on Tenant Engagement

We remain steadfast in connecting with our tenant 

community amidst WFH arrangements through  

CDL CityConnect, a dedicated Facebook page with the 

latest happenings, contests, and curated content for our 

tenant community.

For example, CDL promoted tenant health and well-being 

through the Health Promotion Board’s National Steps 

Challenge™ Season 6 (the first-ever Healthy Workplace 

Ecosystems Corporate Challenge), rallying Republic 

Plaza, City House and 11 Tampines Concourse tenants 

to sign up and stay active. We also held online contests 

where CDL office community members shared home 

fitness tips. Other initiatives include promotional deals 

for food delivery services, invitations to wellness talks 

and tips on eco-friendly living. 

In 2022, CDL CityConnect will continue to share 

regular updates, happenings, and other exciting content 

to promote engagement with our tenant community.



GRI 3-1

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

5 4

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Driving Innovation &amp; 



Building Performance





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DRIVING INNOVATION &amp;

BUILDING PERFORMANCE

DELIVERING QUALITY BUILDINGS AND 



HIGH SAFETY STANDARDS 



CONQUAS. Our developments have consistently excelled 

under the BCA CONQUAS7 scheme, the national standard 

assessment system on the quality of buildings. While it 

is not mandatory for private sector projects to subscribe 

to BCA CONQUAS, CDL has consistently pushed for 

all our projects to be assessed since the inception of the 

assessment system. The Tapestry, which obtained TOP in 

2021, attained the highest tier CONQUAS STAR8 rating.

BCA Quality Excellence. In 2021, CDL emerged as 

the only developer to be conferred the Quality Excellence 

Award – Quality Champion (Platinum) for nine consecutive 

years, which is a testament to our steadfast commitment to 

delivering quality green homes and commercial spaces. 

COMMUNITY INCLUSION THROUGH 



UNIVERSAL DESIGN



 



In line with our commitment to putting building users’ 

needs as a priority in the spaces we build, CDL instituted 

a company-wide Universal Design Policy since 2011. 

Endorsed by CDL’s senior management, the policy exceeds 

the mandatory requirements specified in the Code of 

Barrier-Free Accessibility by BCA to create an inclusive built 

environment in Singapore that caters to the varied needs 

of the public. CDL also strives to work towards achieving 

BCA Universal Design Mark GoldPLUS certification, where 

possible, for all our new developments. We do so by 

integrating user-centric philosophy into our design, 

operations and maintenance and contribute largely to an 

inclusive and barrier-free built environment. 

Forest Woods and The Tapestry, our residential 

developments completed in 2020 and 2021 respectively, 

and Amber Park (Expected TOP: 2023) obtained the 

BCA Universal Design Mark GoldPLUS award. Some of the 

features at these developments include multi-generation 

playgrounds where both seniors and children can enjoy 

the space together and clear, easy-to-read signages with 

braille. At The Tapestry, we also designed transfer platforms 

for swimming pools to allow wheelchair users and the 

elderly to enjoy the pool facilities at their convenience. At 

Forest Woods, we have seats of varying heights to cater to 

users of different statures.

7 

BCA CONQUAS is the de facto national standard assessment system on the quality of buildings based on three areas of Structural Works, Architectural Works and M&amp;E Works.

8 

BCA CONQUAS STAR is accorded to a project that has attained a CONQUAS score of at least 95 points.

GRI 3-1

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

5 5

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Driving Innovation &amp; 



Building Performance





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration










DECARBONISING TOWARDS

NET ZERO












NATURAL

CAPITAL

SOCIAL AND

RELATIONSHIP

CAPITAL

ACTIVITIES



OUTPUTS



VALUE 



CREATED



CONTRIBUTING 



 



TO SDGS



MANUFACTURED

CAPITAL













DECARBONISING  

TOWARDS NET ZERO















Energy Efficiency and 

Reduction

Accelerating 

Renewable Energy 

Solutions

GHG Quantification 

and Reporting

Carbon Emissions 

Reduction Initiatives

CDL Green Lease 

Partnership 

Climate Change 

Scenario Planning











Water Conservation 

and Reduction

Waste Recycling and 

Reduction

Waste Water 

Management

Construction Noise 

Management and 

Vector Control

Supply Chain 

Segmentation Study



















Carbon Emissions 

Reduction

Energy Reduction

Renewable Energy 

Adoption

Water Reduction

Waste Reduction

Green Building 

Innovation and 

Technology 

Application

Improved Recycling 

Rates

Environmental 

Compliance 

Reduction

SBTi-validated Targets









Net Zero Carbon by 

2030 Commitment

Green Buildings

Responsible and 

Sustainable Supply 

Chain

Science-based 

Approach

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

5 7

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Decarbonising 



Towards Net Zero





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




ENHANCED AMBITION IN THE 



 



GLOBAL RACE TO ZERO



DECARBONISING  

TOWARDS NET ZERO

The global race to zero has gained fast momentum in 

2021. Cities, businesses and organisations, which have 

committed to net zero carbon emissions by or around 2050, 

represent 90% of global GDP. Buildings are responsible for 

close to 40% of global energy-related carbon emissions 

and global material use is expected to more than double 

by 2060.1 The way in which developers design, build 

and manage buildings will contribute to a lower carbon 

footprint. Alongside Singapore’s commitment in February 

2022 to achieve net zero emissions by or around 2050, 

we are committed to continue our efforts to intensify our 

decarbonisation efforts towards a net zero future.



Since 2015, CDL has established a Climate Change 

Policy and set climate-related targets in 2017 to mitigate 

our environmental impact. In 2018, we were the first real 

estate company in Singapore to set Science Based Targets 

initiative (SBTi)-validated targets based on a 2°C warmer 

scenario. CDL’s renewed SBTi-validated targets complement 

our pledge to the Business Ambition for 1.5°C campaign 

led by UN Global Compact, SBTi and We Mean Business 

coalition, where CDL was one of 87 pioneering signatories 

in September 2019.

1 

2021 Global status report for buildings and construction. Global Alliance for Buildings and Construction, 19 October 2021.

In December 2021, we successfully raised the carbon 

reduction targets that were assessed and validated by the 

SBTi, aligned with a 1.5°C warmer scenario. The revised 

targets also support CDL’s World Green Building Council’s 

(WorldGBC) Net Zero Carbon Buildings Commitment.



Renewed SBTi-validated Carbon Emissions Intensity Reduction Targets













01

03

02

Reduce Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions  

by 63% per m2 leased area by 2030 from 

a 2016 base year. This is an increase from 

our 2018 carbon emissions intensity target 

of reducing 59% of our Scope 1 and 2 

emissions from a 2007 base year by 2030. 

The new baseline year of 2016 presents a 

more stringent and aspirational goal.

Reduce absolute Scope 3 GHG 

emissions from investments by 

58.8% by 2030 from a 2016 

base year that covers hotels 

managed by our wholly-owned 

hospitality subsidiary, Millennium 

&amp; Copthorne Hotels Limited (M&amp;C).

Reduce Scope 3 GHG emissions 

from purchased goods and 

services by 41% per m2 Gross 

Floor Area (GFA) by 2030 from 

a 2016 base year.

GRI 2-4

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

5 8

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Decarbonising 



Towards Net Zero





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration






DECARBONISING  

TOWARDS NET ZERO

Ambitious goals are effective drivers for action. As a 

demonstration of our commitment, CDL became the first 

real estate conglomerate in Southeast Asia to sign the 

WorldGBC Net Zero Carbon Buildings Commitment in 

February 2021. This is a global pledge to achieve net zero 

operational carbon by 2030, covering new and existing 

wholly-owned assets under our direct management and 

operational control. In November 2021, during COP26, 

CDL joined 44 pioneering companies worldwide to extend 

our pledge towards a net zero whole life carbon emissions 

approach. Through this expanded commitment, we pledged 

to achieve maximum reduction of embodied carbon in new 

developments, compensating for any remaining residual 

operational and upfront embodied emissions via offsetting 

for new developments by 2030 and for all buildings to be 

net zero carbon by 2050.

Complementing Decarbonisation Efforts 

through Carbon Offsetting 

Since 2009, CDL has adopted carbon neutrality 

to supplement our efforts to search for innovative 

solutions to raise energy efficiency and reduce 

our carbon footprint. Through carbon offsetting, 

we have achieved carbon neutrality for our 

headquarters' operations for more than a decade. 

In November 2021, CDL was the only Singapore 

real estate company amongst 19 pioneering 

companies invited to Climate Impact X’s pilot 

auction. Climate Impact X is a partnership by 

SGX, DBS, Standard Chartered and Temasek to 

provide a global exchange and marketplace for 

companies to access high-quality carbon credits. 

Through the auction, we successfully secured 

carbon credits from eight global natural climate 

solutions projects. These credits will be utilised 

over the next three years to offset an estimated 6% 

to 7% of emissions from our operations per year2 

to complement CDL’s net zero targets by 2030. 



Scope of CDL’s Net Zero Carbon Commitment 



New developments and 13 Singapore assets  

(as of Feb 2021)

• 247,016 m2 total floor area

• 15,044 tCO2e portfolio carbon emissions

• 16,922 average kgCO2e/m2 Whole Life Carbon 

Footprint

• 415 employees

For more details, please refer to WorldGBC’s website.



2 

This is based on CDL’s total carbon emissions from CDL’s operations in Singapore in 2019, which includes Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 emissions. 2019 data was used as CDL’s operations were substantially impacted by COVID-19 in 2020.

 Republic Plaza, CDL Corporate Headquarters in Singapore



C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

5 9

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Decarbonising 



Towards Net Zero





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration






CARBON REDUCTION STRATEGY AND PERFORMANCE



 



As the saying goes, what gets measured gets managed. We started tracking and reporting our carbon performance to CDP since 2010. CDL’s rigorous climate strategy 

and carbon management has helped us to achieve top ratings from CDP. Since 2018, CDL has been the only company in Southeast Asia and Hong Kong to remain on 

the CDP A List, and is the only Singaporean company to score an A in 2021. This recognition marks the fourth consecutive year that CDL has received an ‘A’ score for 

climate change strategy, and the third year that the company has received an ‘A’ score for water security. This reaffirms our climate-focused strategies in strengthening our 

resource-efficient portfolio towards a climate-resilient future. 

DECARBONISING  

TOWARDS NET ZERO



CDL’S JOURNEY TO NET ZERO



 





Before 2017



• Voluntarily reduced our 

annual carbon emissions to 

net zero for our corporate 

office operations and  

11 Tampines Concourse—

the first CarbonNeutral® 

development in Singapore 

and the Asia Pacific

 

• Established targets to 

reduce carbon emissions 

intensity by 25% by 2030 

(from 2007 levels)

 

• Introduced a Climate 

Change Policy

 

• First Singapore developer 

to validate GHG emissions 

against ISO 14064

2017



• Raised carbon intensity 

reduction target to 38% by 

2030 (from 2007 levels) 

by adopting the Sectoral 

Decarbonisation Approach

• One of four pioneering 

Singapore companies to 

adopt TCFD reporting

2018



• Raised carbon intensity 

reduction target to 59% by  

2030 (from 2007 levels); 

first Singapore developer 

to have 2°C-aligned 

carbon reduction target 

validated by SBTi

• Set target to reduce 

embodied carbon of 

building materials by 

24%, compared to their 

conventional equivalents,  

by 2030

2019



• Joined pioneer batch of  

87 companies to support 

the Business Ambition for 

1.5°C campaign

 

• Completed first climate 

change scenario study 

for 2°C and 4°C warmer 

scenarios

 

• M&amp;C, the largest 

contributor of carbon 

emissions from CDL’s 

subsidiaries, sets a SBTi-

validated target to reduce 

absolute Scope 1, 2 and 3 

GHG emissions by 27% by 

2030 (from 2017 levels)

2020



• Completed second climate 

change scenario study for 

1.5°C warmer scenario

 

• Took the UN Climate 

Neutral Now Pledge to 

remain carbon neutral for 

our corporate office and 

11 Tampines Concourse 

operations

 

• Formulated CDL Green 

Building Policy and 3S 

Green Building Framework

2021



• Signed WorldGBC's Net 

Zero Carbon Buildings 

Commitment, pledging  

net zero whole life carbon 

by 2030

 

• Expanded our UN Climate 

Neutral Now Pledge 

to include all wholly-

owned buildings and 

developments under our 

direct management and 

operational control

 

• Validated renewed SBTi 

targets aligned with 1.5°C 

warmer scenario

 

• Commenced third climate 

change scenario study, 

considering COP26 

outcomes and the impact 

of COVID-19

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

6 0

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Decarbonising 



Towards Net Zero





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DECARBONISING  

TOWARDS NET ZERO

Carbon Emissions Performance



In 2021, CDL achieved a carbon emissions intensity 

reduction of 42%, as compared to the baseline year of 

2007.3 Total carbon emissions increased by 7.8% across all 

CDL’s business operations in Singapore, compared to 2020 

where most construction work was suspended4 during the 

initial stages of the COVID-19 pandemic. This increase is 

also due to a gradual return to full operations in 2021.

CDL's largest source of emissions is electricity usage, 

reported as Scope 2 emissions. This frames our carbon 

mitigation strategy’s focus on reducing Scope 2 emissions. 

Details can be found under “Energy Reduction Strategy and 

Performance”. 

CDL also recognises the importance of addressing Scope 3 

emissions, which are indicators of exposure to climate risks 

in our supply chain or use of products. We monitor and 

report Scope 3 emissions to enhance our carbon reduction 

efforts by identifying large emission sources along our 

value chain. Details can be found under “Achieving a 

Resilient Supply Chain and Sustainable Sourcing”.

3 

Total carbon emissions intensity reduction in 2021 is based on our previous baseline year of 2007 as CDL’s renewed SBTi targets were validated in December 2021. CDL will start reporting carbon emissions intensity reduction rates based on 

the new 2016 baseline year from 2022 onwards.

4 

Gradual Resumption of Construction Work from 2 June 2020. Building and Construction Authority, 15 May 2020.



SBTi-validated Carbon Emissions  

Intensity Reduction Target

59%



 



BY 2030 (AGAINST 2007)

Performance  

in 2021

42%



(AGAINST 2007)



Interim annual targets to be revised  

towards achieving

63%

BY 2030 (AGAINST 2016)





GRI 2-4

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

6 1

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Decarbonising 



Towards Net Zero





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration










• 

Scope 1 includes direct emissions from fuel used in power generators, petrol for company vehicles, loss of refrigerant in air-conditioning systems, loss of insulating and arc quenching media in switchgear systems and discharge of fire suppression agents. 

• 

Scope 2 includes indirect emissions from purchased electricity consumed by the operational activities of CDL at both our corporate office and managed buildings.

• 

Scope 3 includes emissions arising from property development operational activities (e.g. fuel used in power generators and heavy vehicles, purchased electricity, electricity upstream emissions and transmission losses, and water usage), 

and other indirect emissions (e.g. electricity upstream emissions, distribution and transmission losses, local and international courier services, employee commute, business air travel (excluding the influence of radiative forcing) and hotel 

accommodations, water supply and wastewater treatment at corporate office and managed buildings).

Notes (applicable throughout this chapter):

• 

CDL’s operations in Singapore refer to the corporate office, managed buildings and construction sites. They exclude hotel properties.

• 

Figures stated in charts may not add up due to the rounding of decimals.

• 

In accordance with GHG Protocol, Scope 2 emissions are calculated using both location-based and market-based methods. The figures shown in brackets represent calculations using a market-based method and include the reduction in emissions 

from the purchase of RECs.

• 

Corporate Office: CDL Corporate Office in Singapore occupied approximately 5,013m2 across four floors in Republic Plaza. The measurement applies to all environmental performance reported in this chapter.

• 

Managed Buildings: In 2021, CDL managed eight office buildings, two retail buildings and three industrial buildings in Singapore, with an average monthly net lettable area of 165,198 m2, 45,321 m2 and 36,333 m2 respectively. The 

measurement applies to GHG calculations, with all other environmental performances reported using the net lettable area.

• 

Construction Sites: In 2021, CDL measured and monitored the environmental impact and performance of seven active construction sites in Singapore with a GFA of 78,949 m2 built for that year. The measurement applies to all environmental 

performance reported in this chapter.

• 

Fuji Xerox Towers’ GHG emissions, energy, water and waste data are included up to 30 June 2021, as it ceased its operations for redevelopment thereafter.

Total Carbon Emissions from CDL’s Operations in Singapore (Tonnes CO2e)

CDL Corporate Office

CDL Managed Buildings

CDL Construction Sites

Scope 1

Scope 2

Scope 3

747

22,895

2,147

615

(432)

22,327

(22,124)

1,277

DECARBONISING  

TOWARDS NET ZERO

635

(478)

19,719

(19,071)

2,780

286

(161)

17,243

(16,184)

2,405

210

(83)

17,198

(16,591)

4,076

410

183 (0)

22

1,277

459

157 (0)

19

2,780

155

125 (0)

6

2,405

79

127 (0)

4

4,076

492

224

31

2,147

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

3,614

18,682

599

3,112

17,691 

(17,488)

1,524

2,973

16,363 

(15,715)

383

2,330

13,464 

(12,405)

1,449

2,043

12,513 

(11,906)

2,642

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

6 2

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Decarbonising 



Towards Net Zero





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration






* 

The decrease is due to fewer overseas business trips and less frequent local employee commute due to increased WFH arrangements. 

** Data represents Le Grove’s office operations only. Le Grove Serviced Residences was closed for renovation from December 2016 to July 2018.

# 

Data excludes carbon emissions from M&amp;C hotels which are managed by third party operators and where CDL does not have direct operational control over them.

Carbon Emissions Intensity of CDL’s Operations in Singapore (Kg CO2e/m2) 

CDL Corporate Office

CDL Managed Buildings

CDL Construction Sites

Scope 1

Scope 2

Scope 3

110.0

77.4

33.2

111.6

(78.4)

75.7

(75.0)

28.7

DECARBONISING  

TOWARDS NET ZERO

76.5

(74.0)

30.5

57.0

(32.1)

69.9

(65.6)

36.6

42.0

(16.6)

69.7

(67.2)

51.6

28.7

30.5

36.6

51.6

72.5

33.0

4.5

33.2

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

12.2

63.1

2.0

10.5

59.9 (59.3)

5.2

11.5

63.5 (61.0)

1.5

9.4

54.6 (50.3)

5.9

8.3

50.7 (48.2)

10.7

74.4

33.2 (0)

4.0

91.6

31.3 (0)

3.8

30.8

24.9 (0)

1.3

15.9*

25.4 (0)

0.71

126.7

(95.4)

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017** 2018**

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

25,789

243

24,648

215

2

494

24,219

209

16,015

184

517

494

236,885

23,134

327

18,761

158

1,047

504

247,367

19,934

291

11,970

96

960

367

165,749

21,484

305

17,218

90

963

375

157,127

Total Carbon Emissions from CDL’s Operations in Singapore and Six Key Subsidiaries (Tonnes CO2e)

Since 2014, CDL started reporting the carbon emissions of our key subsidiaries to ensure greater disclosure and accountability of the Group’s carbon footprint. Given CDL’s 

strong commitment to climate action and environmental protection, the environmental performance and practices of our subsidiaries are also important to us.

6,253

18,906

630

43

56

144

7,182

10,570

6,896

31

184

2

77

417

60,358

144,190

50,024

4,799

17,874

1,546

36

56

117

5,622

6,967

3,426

24

160

79

437

1

72

422

48,649

140,018

48,218

6,212

16,520

402

43

126

158

6,661

6,570

5,530

22

136

174

872

1

78

426

51,686

140,729

54,952

4,889

13,589

1,455

16

81

193

2,607

5,756

3,607

13

83

152

808

55

311

30,228

96,149

39,372

6,199

12,640

2,645

13

84

208

1,725

10,266

5,227

12

78

137

824

1

52

322

28,467

92,108

36,552

254,572



CDL

CDLHT

Le Grove

CBM

City Serviced Offices

Tower Club

M&amp;C#

Scope 1

Scope 2

Scope 3

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

6 3

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Decarbonising 



Towards Net Zero





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DECARBONISING  

TOWARDS NET ZERO

ENERGY REDUCTION STRATEGY AND 



PERFORMANCE



 



 



Electricity constitutes a significant proportion of CDL’s 

operational expenditure. It impacts the total amount of 

Scope 2 emissions released through our business activities. 

CDL places great emphasis on cost-effectively improving 

our energy performance to reduce carbon emissions 

and energy intensities. With this priority in mind, we 

were the first developer in Singapore to achieve the ISO 

50001 energy management system certification for asset 

management in 2014. We have since continued to set 

energy reduction targets for our managed properties 

in Singapore, while continually improving their energy 

performance through careful review and implementation of 

energy management plans.

Lifecycle Approach to Energy Management



We take a holistic view towards energy reduction by 

adopting measures across various stages of a building’s 

lifecycle — from design and construction to operation of 

the asset. Each business unit adheres to guidelines (shown 

on the right) that detail the strategic initiatives, performance 

standards and specific requirements relating to energy 

efficiency and climate change mitigation measures.



































































































Stage in  

Project Lifecycle

Key Energy Management Initiatives 

Benefits

Design

Incorporate passive design strategies that reduce solar heat gain through 

design of building form, envelope and orientation

Reduce electricity 

consumption and  

cooling cost

Increase building greenery on roof and facade to reduce urban heat gain

Increase natural ventilation to improve passive cooling and reduce heat gain

Maximise natural lighting

Reduce electricity 

consumption and cost

Use energy-efficient lighting such as LED lighting in all common areas

Incorporate energy-efficient home appliances in building units

Incorporate solar panels such as building-integrated photovoltaics (BIPV) 

systems in common areas, where applicable

Reduce reliance on the 

grid and lower carbon 

emissions

Construction

Use electricity directly from the power grid supply to reduce reliance on 

diesel generators where applicable

Reduce emission levels of 

carbon, sulphur oxides, 

nitrogen oxides and 

particulates

Operation of 

Assets

Identify high energy consumption installations and their respective energy 

management opportunities, e.g. installation of PV, chiller upgrading and lift 

modernisation  

Reduce electricity 

consumption and cost

Install sub-metering systems to provide data granularity and identify energy 

management opportunities

Enhance the monitoring 

and control of building 

equipment (e.g. heating 

ventilation and air 

conditioning, lifts) to 

reduce energy use

Leverage advanced management systems to enhance building performance, 

e.g. Energy Management System to optimise chiller efficiency and Building 

Management System to control key equipment in buildings

Generate on-site renewable energy, where possible, through the installation 

of PV and BIPV panels

Reduce reliance on 

fossil fuel; lower carbon 

emissions

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

6 4

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Decarbonising 



Towards Net Zero





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DECARBONISING  

TOWARDS NET ZERO

Energy Reduction Strategy and Initiatives



Since 2004, CDL has retrofitted all our managed buildings 

by upgrading chiller plants, introducing motion sensors, 

installing energy-efficient lighting and recladding facades. 

Due to COVID-19, implementation of new energy-saving 

initiatives was postponed in 2020 and 2021. Our efforts 

from previous initiatives since 2012 continued to yield an 

estimated annual energy savings of around 15.1 million 

kWh, equivalent to more than $3.4 million of cost savings 

in 2021. We have also incorporated climate-resilient 

design and installations, such as green roofs and vertical 

green walls, at our investment properties to reduce heat 

gain and mitigate urban heat island effect. 

Over the years, we have actively engaged tenants as  

part of CDL’s sustainability outreach efforts to raise 

sustainability awareness and promote green practices 

along our value chain. Since 2014, we have been 

implementing our Green Lease Partnership Programme, 

which engages and encourages tenants to adopt energy 

conservation measures. In 2021, we continued to maintain 

a 100% programme participation rate for our retail and 

office tenants. 

Accelerating Renewable Energy Solutions



 



The adoption of renewable energy is integral in the design 

and construction of our projects. In addition to installing 

solar panels at selected buildings since the early 2000s, 

we have progressively participated in the emerging RECs 

marketplace since 2017. By procuring locally-sourced 

RECs, CDL attributed 100% of the electricity consumed by 

our headquarters’ operations and part of our commercial 

buildings’ operations in 2021 to renewable sources. This 

helped to offset 734 tonnes of carbon emissions, which is 

equivalent to powering approximately 424 four-room HDB 

flats for one year.

Energy Efficiency and Reduction Performance 



As part of our ISO 14001 and ISO 50001 environmental 

and energy management systems, CDL has been tracking 

and reporting our environmental performance against our 

energy targets since 2007. 

We regularly review the energy reduction and efficiency 

plans for all our properties and introduce initiatives where 

areas for improvement are identified. In 2021, we trialed 

more advanced energy-efficient air handling units with 

an electronically commutative (EC) fan and micro-climate 

control solution at selected properties. 

Our current interim targets aim to reduce energy use 

intensity by 37% from 2007 levels for office and industrial 

buildings, and 18% from 2010 levels for retail buildings. 

We surpassed our interim annual targets in 2021, with 

a performance of 48% reduction in energy use intensity5 

for office and industrial buildings, and 31% reduction in 

energy use intensity for retail buildings, respectively.6 

We monitor and drive energy efficiency and reduction 

improvements through target and performance tracking for 

development projects. Our current targets are to achieve 

an energy use intensity of 95 kWh/m2 or lesser by 2030, 

with an interim target of 105 kWh/m2 or lesser in 2020, 

for completed projects that have reached TOP status in the 

reporting year. In 2021, the finalised energy use intensity 

for the completed project, The Tapestry, has marginally 

missed the interim 2021 target.

Moving forward, CDL has started piloting a smart energy 

storage system to replace the traditional diesel-powered 

generator to reduce our carbon footprint. 

5 

Energy use intensity is for purchased electricity, as base year levels were calculated using purchased electricity only.

6 

2021 interim annual targets were set based on CDL’s 2°C-aligned carbon target previously validated by SBTi in 2018. The targets were to reduce energy use intensity by 45% from 2007 levels for office and industrial buildings, and 18% from 

2010 levels for retail buildings, by 2030.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

6 5

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration








DECARBONISING  

TOWARDS NET ZERO

Note:

Electricity consumption attributed to renewable sources from the purchase of RECs has been excluded from purchased electricity to avoid double counting.

Note:

Purchased electricity intensity here includes the electricity consumption attributed to renewable sources from the purchase of RECs.

Total Energy Usage of CDL’s Operations in Singapore (MWh)

Energy Usage and Energy Usage Intensity of CDL’s Operations in Singapore

CDL Corporate Office

CDL Corporate Office

CDL Managed Buildings

CDL Managed Buildings

CDL Construction Sites

CDL Construction Sites

Renewable Energy Certificate 

Solar 

Fuel

Purchased Electricity

651

651

527

527

331

331

326

326

528

123

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

44,019

136

213

41,715

67

485

218

37,525

64

1,547

144

30,367

87

2,593

77

29,181

25

1,488

70

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2,668

3,065

523

4,015

1,029

8,927

2,637

4,463

2,575

11,182

90

437

75

375

26

306

14

312

450

450

44,368

44,368

42,485

42,485

39,278

39,278

33,125

33,125

30,764

30,764

5,733

5,733

4,538

4,538

9,956

9,956

7,100

7,100

13,756

13,756

96

150

144

152

134

125

89

102

109

108

174

96

90

66

62

78

149

143

152

134

124

41

12

11

40

33

79

75

61

65

Total Energy Usage (MWh)

Energy Intensity (kWh/m2)

Purchased Electricity Intensity (kWh/m2)

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

6 6

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Decarbonising 



Towards Net Zero





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DECARBONISING  

TOWARDS NET ZERO

Total Energy Usage of CDL’s Operations in Singapore and Six Key Subsidiaries (MWh) 

To align with our reporting scope for GHG emissions, CDL also reports on the energy data of our subsidiaries. The tracking and reporting of our subsidiaries’ energy data not 

only ensures greater disclosure and accountability, but also enables the Group to strategically manage energy usage.

Notes:

• 

From 2018, energy from fuel consumption has been included in the data reported.

* 

Data represents Le Grove’s office only. Le Grove Serviced Residences was closed for renovation from December 2016 to July 2018.

** Operations of Ingensys was added upon acquisition by CBM in 2019.

*** CBM and Le Grove's 2020 values were corrected to include fuel consumption for vehicles.



2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

50,752

132

41,501

433

5

983

47,550

40,657

381

1,045

1,008

492,784

49,684

940

44,800

325

2,084

1,017

546,560

40,556

966***

33,168

202

1,990***

762

347,230

44,846

1,025

47,459

190

2,041

790

330,439

507,724

CDL

CDLHT

Le Grove*

CBM**

City Serviced Offices

Tower Club

M&amp;C

607

GRI 2-4

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

6 7

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Decarbonising 



Towards Net Zero





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DECARBONISING  

TOWARDS NET ZERO

CLIMATE CHANGE SCENARIO ANALYSIS 



OF 1.5



º



C WARMER SCENARIO



 



 



Heightened regulatory and investor action towards a net 

zero future has raised the bar for more decisive corporate 

action. Since 2018, CDL has been conducting climate 

change scenario planning to better understand how 

different levels of global mean temperature change and 

socioeconomic development can impact our business. 

In December 2021, CDL commenced our third study to 

include relevant climate-related impacts of COVID-19 and 

key COP26 outcomes, building on the previous studies. 

The findings will be based on latest7 research and scenario 

analysis from IPCC, IEA, the Network for Greening the 

Financial System (NGFS), World Bank and other relevant 

climate science datasets.

7 

CDL’s third climate change scenario study is using data and technical resources corresponding to the second set of NGFS scenarios published in June 2021 via the NGFS Scenarios Portal.

Scope and Parameters of the Three Studies



 





















































































Parameters

1st Study: 2018

2nd Study: 2019 – 2020

3rd Study: 2021 – 2022

Climate 

Scenarios

2°C and 4°C warmer scenario

1.5°C and 2°C warmer scenario

Orderly scenarios –  

Net Zero by 2050 (1.5°C)

Disorderly scenarios –  

Delayed Transition (2°C)

Note: Terminologies from NGFS’s 

Framework

Types of risks

Physical and Transition Risks

Timeframe

2030

Short term 

: Present – 2030

Medium term : 2030 – 2050

Long term 

: 2050 – 2100

Countries

• Singapore

• China

• UK

• Singapore

• China

• UK

• USA

• Singapore

• China

• UK

• USA

• New Zealand

Baseline year

2016

2018

2019 (with 2020 caveats 

included where relevant)

Business units

Development Properties, Investment Properties and Hotel Operations 

GRI 3-1

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

6 8

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Decarbonising 



Towards Net Zero





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DECARBONISING  

TOWARDS NET ZERO

Note:

1. The Glasgow Breakthrough is an international collaboration framework for clean technology, with five key areas: power, road transport, steel, hydrogen, and agriculture.

2. Temporary impacts are not considered to be relevant for the study’s 2030 timeframe.

Overview of Transition Risks Covered in the 3



rd



 Study



 











Key COP 26 Outcomes

• Commitment to phase down coal power

• Commitment to halt and reverse forest loss and land 

degradation by 2030

• Global methane pledge to reduce global methane 

emissions by 30% 

• Commitment to accelerate the transition to electric  

vehicles (EV)

• Financial alliances (e.g. GFANZ and its US$130 trillion 

global financial pledge, net zero banking alliance) to 

support net zero targets, as well as climate funding to 

support adaptation efforts, including starting a dialogue 

for “loss and damage” conversations

• Push for clean technology (e.g. Glasgow Breakthrough1) 

• Agreement on Paris Agreement Article 6 Rulebook, to 

facilitate international carbon markets while avoiding 

double-counting













Potentially Relevant Impact of COVID-192 

• Shift to hybrid work arrangements 

• Reduction in energy use and cost from building 

operations, in the longer term 

• Reduced demand for new developments

• Waste generation from building occupancy impacted

• New waste generated from masks and sanitation equipment

• Increased awareness and momentum for ESG-related 

issues brought on by COVID-19 may promote EV uptake

• In the near term, a substantial proportion of government 

funding could be set aside for COVID-19 relief measures 

and public health safety and economic recovery, ahead of 

greening efforts 

• Increased awareness and momentum for ESG-related 

issues brought on by COVID-19 may help to promote 

clean technology investments

Global and national developments unfolding from key COP26 outcomes and the climate-related impacts of COVID-19 remain the most significant drivers for climate-related risks in many sectors. 

By determining the financial impacts from these developments, CDL can better plan for our resilience strategies.

GRI 3-1

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

6 9

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Decarbonising 



Towards Net Zero





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DECARBONISING  

TOWARDS NET ZERO

WATER REDUCTION STRATEGY AND 



PERFORMANCE



 



 



In water-scarce Singapore, water management is vital, 

considering core activities during our operations are 

water-intensive and highly dependent on a reliable supply 

of water. CDL takes a holistic approach towards water 

management to maintain and enhance the efficiency, 

resilience, desirability and long-term value of our assets and 

developments. Responsible water management practices 

allow us to deliver value to our homeowners and tenants 

through water and cost savings.

CDL draws both potable and NEWater (for non-potable 

use) from PUB’s utility network and utilises the water for 

building operations and maintenance activities in our 

managed buildings. Most of the water consumption in 

commercial buildings is for cooling towers, toilets, pantries, 

water features, irrigation and washing activities. In our 

construction sites, potable water is used mostly by our 

contractors for sanitation purposes.

Breakdown of Water Withdrawal by Corporate 

Office and Managed Buildings in 2021 (m3)

Breakdown of Water Withdrawal by 

Construction Sites in 2021 (m3)

Surface Water (m3)

70,051

Seawater (m3)

50,105

Potable  

Water (m3)

120,155



Surface Water (m3)

100,574

Seawater (m3)

71,937

NEWater (m3)

52,589

Potable  

Water (m3)

172,512



Notes:

• 

All potable water withdrawal comes from a single third-party water source supplied by PUB. The breakdown of water sources is based on PUB’s Our Water, 

Our Future report. 

• 

Based on PUB’s Our Water, Our Future report, all potable water and NEWater are categorised as freshwater with Total Dissolved Solids levels of ≤1,000 mg/L.

• 

Based on WRI's Technical Note on Aqueduct Projected Water Stress Country Rankings, the entire area of Singapore is identified to be of high physical risk. 

The physical risk tool identifies areas of concern exposed to water risks (e.g. droughts or floods) that may impact short- or long-term water availability. As 

such, all water withdrawal is from water stress areas.

Lifecycle Approach to Water Management



As part of our robust water management strategy, CDL 

focuses on effective management of water quality and 

usage across every project’s development and management 

lifecycle stages. For instance, Amber Park, a BCA Green 

Mark GoldPLUS development, features an automatic water-

efficient irrigation system that harvests rainwater for 

landscape irrigation. This, along with other water-saving 

features, will achieve an estimated reduction in 110,000 m3 

of potable water usage per annum.

Water Reduction Initiatives



CDL reviews our utility bills annually to identify buildings 

that are high in water usage. Monthly water consumption 

by our key business units is closely tracked to detect  

any spikes in water usage that require attention. To  

reduce reliance on potable water, CDL uses NEWater 

wherever possible, for example, for operations that do not 

require potable water.

To date, 12 out of 13 CDL managed buildings (92% of our 

building portfolio) have been certified as “Water-Efficient 

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

7 0

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Decarbonising 



Towards Net Zero





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DECARBONISING  

TOWARDS NET ZERO





























































































Stage in Project 

Lifecycle

Key Water Management Initiatives

Benefits

Design

Incorporate water-efficient fittings and fixtures 

Reduce water usage

Use recycled water and drought-resistant plants for landscaping

Harvest rainwater for landscape irrigation

Incorporate PUB’s Active, Beautiful, Clean (ABC) Waters Design 

Guidelines to implement environmentally sustainable features 

Retain and control stormwater runoff 

to minimise flooding risk; treat 

stormwater runoff to reduce impurities 

discharged into water systems

Construction

Install self-closing taps where applicable

Reduce water usage

Collect rainwater for washing wheels of vehicles on-site 

Install water recycling systems for site cleaning 

Install silty water treatment system

Prevent silty water from being 

discharged into water systems 

Operation of 

Assets

Conduct routine checks on pipes, taps, urinal, and  

WC flush systems

Prevent water wastage due to leaks 

or over-sensitive sensors

Holistically incorporate water-efficient fixtures and fittings, e.g. 

flow regulators, self-closing taps

Reduce water usage

Use NEWater for operations that do not require potable water 

Reduce reliance on potable water 

Key Water Conservation Initiatives in 2021





























Initiative

Business Unit

Savings

Water conserved from construction sites

Property Development

70,236 m3 equivalent to almost $192,000* in savings

Use of NEWater instead of potable water

Asset Management

Use of 52,589 m3 of NEWater, equivalent to 23.4% of 

the total water used and more than $21,500** saved as 

compared to using potable water

Buildings” by PUB for outstanding water conservation 

efforts. Recognising that water conservation is a shared 

responsibility, CDL engages our tenants and homebuyers 

through initiatives such as our Green Lease Partnership 

Programme and Green Living Guide. These initiatives aim to 

promote good water conservation practices that complement 

CDL’s water-efficient design and features in our buildings. 

Since the inception of PUB’s ABC Waters certification 

in 2010, CDL has attained the certification for eight 

developments. Our H2O Residences was the first private 

development to be ABC Waters-certified due to its seamless 

integration with surrounding water bodies and park. 

The Tapestry, completed in 2021, scored wins at the 

EdgeProp Singapore Excellence Awards 2021 for its 

nature-inspired design. Every apartment is fitted with water-

efficient and energy-efficient accessories with a rainwater 

discharge system at the roof. At our commercial properties, 

rainwater harvesting is carried out for landscaping use to 

conserve water. In 2021, for example, City Square Mall’s 

metered rainwater harvesting system collected a total of 

813.9 m3 of water.

* 

Conserved water quantity is estimated using the total water use intensity for completed projects in the reporting year against the water use intensity target of 1.75m3/m2.

** Water tariffs at $2.74 per m3 (inclusive of tariff, water conservation tax and waterborne fee). NEWater tariffs at $2.33 per m3 (inclusive of tariff and waterborne fee). Figures are before GST. For the full list of water prices, please visit PUB's website.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

7 1

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Decarbonising 



Towards Net Zero





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DECARBONISING  

TOWARDS NET ZERO

Water Efficiency and Reduction Performance



 



Recognising that holistic water management enhances the 

long-term value of our assets and developments, we have 

continuously implemented water conservation initiatives 

and tracked our water performance since 2007. CDL 

achieved the 2021 CDP A List in water security. This marks 

the third year of this recognition and affirms CDL’s robust 

water management strategy. To maintain our strong track 

record, we regularly review the water management plans 

for all our properties and introduce initiatives where areas 

for improvement are identified.

Notes: 

CDL Corporate Office 

• 

Estimated numbers were used for CDL Corporate Office in 2018 and January to March 2019, due to the installation of water meters in our corporate office, 

having relocated from City House to Republic Plaza during this period. Water consumption data from April 2019 was taken from installed water meters. 

Figures for 2018 and 2019 have been restated to include water consumption from corporate office pantries. 

CDL Managed Buildings 

• 

Water used refers to potable water only. Industrial grade NEWater is not included in the amount of water used.

• 

Water use figures have been restated to remove corporate office water usage quantities as they are reported separately in this report.

CDL Construction Sites

• 

Water use intensity for on-site dormitories is not included.



Notes:

• 

Water used and water use intensity are for potable water only. Industrial 

grade NEWater usage is not included in the amount of water used.

• 

Total amount of water withdrawn is the same as total amount of water 

discharged into third-party water (i.e. PUB sewers) with negligible amounts 

of water consumed. Hence, the total amount of water used is reported here.

Total Water Usage of CDL’s Operations 

in Singapore (m3)

500,765

343,430

288,114

292,667

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

387,035

CDL Corporate Office

CDL Managed Buildings  

CDL Construction Sites

158,765

339,143

2,857

28,999

311,533

2,898

69,462

313,507

4,067

94,546

191,164

2,404

120,155

170,697

1,814

Water Usage and Water Use Intensity of CDL’s Operations in Singapore

CDL Corporate Office

CDL Managed Buildings

CDL Construction Sites

Total Water Used (m3)

Water Use Intensity (m3/m2)

Water Use Intensity for Office (m3/m2)

Water Use Intensity for Retail (m3/m2)

Water Use Intensity for Industrial (m3/m2)



2,898

311,533

2,404

94,546

191,164

1,814

120,155

170,697    

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

4,067

69,462

313,507

0.9

0.8

0.9

0.6

0.4

0.3

0.3

0.2

0.2

0.2

3.0

3.1

3.1

1.9

2.0

2,857

158,765

339,143

0.42

0.58

0.81

0.48

0.36

2.5

0.7

0.8

1.4

1.5

28,999

In 2021, water intensity remained relatively low compared 

to pre-COVID levels in 2019, for our managed buildings 

and corporate office. For construction sites, water use 

intensity remained relatively consistent compared to 2020. 

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

7 2

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Decarbonising 



Towards Net Zero





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DECARBONISING  

TOWARDS NET ZERO

Total Water Usage of CDL’s Core Operations in Singapore and Six Key Subsidiaries (m3) 

Notes:

• 

CBM and City Serviced Offices are not represented here as they are tenants within a building and do not have separate meters to track respective water usage within their facilities.

# 

Le Grove Serviced Residences was closed for renovation from December 2016 to July 2018.

* 

Figures for CDL have been restated to include water consumption from corporate office pantries.

4,582,223



2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

7,235

7,692

4,445,746

8,860

4,441,932

5,685

2,888,659

5,268

3,004,369

CDL

Le Grove#

M&amp;C

CDLHT

Tower Club

493,028

514,207

353,202

239,622

299,647

11,638

31,229

19,002

19,728

500,765

343,430*

387,035

288,114

292,667

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

7 3

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Decarbonising 



Towards Net Zero





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DECARBONISING  

TOWARDS NET ZERO

WASTE MANAGEMENT STRATEGY AND PERFORMANCE



 



 



In land-scarce Singapore, general waste is sent to the waste-to-energy incineration plant, where energy is generated. The 

resulting incinerated ash is then transported to our only landfill, Semakau Island, for disposal. With Semakau Landfill expected 

to be fully filled by 2035, Singapore aims to achieve a 70% overall recycling rate by 2030 to curb waste generated. 



CDL Supports National Efforts in 



 



Recycling E-waste



 

According to the National Environment Agency (NEA), 

more than 60,000 tonnes of e-waste is produced yearly 

in Singapore. Recycling prevents the release of hazardous 

substances, such as heavy metals found in electrical and 

electronic equipment, into our waste stream. It also ensures 

that valuable resources are extracted through proper 

handling and treatment processes.

In 2021, CDL partnered with ALBA E-waste Smart  

Recycling to set up e-waste bins at City Square Mall and 

Quayside Isle, to collect regulated consumer electrical and 

electronic waste across Singapore for proper treatment and 

recycling. Other CDL developments are being considered 

for pilot trials.



 An ALBA E-waste bin at City Square Mall

CDL engages NEA-licensed vendors to collect, treat and 

recycle waste from our managed buildings and construction 

sites.8 We target to reduce our waste intensity by 16% (from 

2016 levels) for office and industrial buildings and 12% 

(from 2016 levels) for retail buildings by 2030. We also 

intend to cap the waste intensity from our construction sites 

at 40 kg/m2 by 2030.

We continuously invest, innovate, and adopt leading-edge 

technology such as Prefabricated Prefinished Volumetric 

Construction (PPVC) to significantly reduce construction 

waste. As a real estate developer and asset manager,  

most of our waste is generated by our contractors and 

tenants. Generated waste from both construction sites and 

managed buildings are disposed of in accordance with 

local waste regulations. 

Lifecycle Approach to Waste Management



CDL remains steadfast in managing our waste efficiently 

and seeks to reduce, reuse, and recycle our waste across 

every stage of our project lifecycle. Adopting the waste 

management hierarchy approach, we focus on reducing 

waste at the source before considering reusing and recycling. 

8 

CDL generates negligible hazardous waste from our operations.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

7 4

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Decarbonising 



Towards Net Zero





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DECARBONISING  

TOWARDS NET ZERO

9 

The use of PPVC became mandatory for selected residential non-landed Government Land Sale (GLS) sites from 1 November 2014 onwards. Prior to this regulation, CDL voluntarily embarked on a pioneering effort to build Singapore’s first large-

scale PPVC residential development (The Brownstone EC) in early 2014, setting the benchmark and world record of engaging close to 4,100 modules that were prefabricated offsite and assembled on-site.

10 The latest publicly available recycling rate for large malls in Singapore is 12% in 2020 as per NEA reported findings from the 2021 Mandatory Waste Reporting Exercise.







































































Stage in Project 

Lifecycle

Key Waste Management Initiatives

Benefits

Design

Adopt PPVC technology for large-scale residential developments9 

where applicable

Reduce waste generation and 

pave the way for cleaner and safer 

construction sites

Adopt Building Information Modelling (BIM) and Virtual Design 

and Construction (VDC) technology 

Reduce construction waste through 

early identification of potential

construction issues

Construction

Adhere to CDL’s Construction and Demolition Waste Policy since 

2009 for the adoption of sustainable construction practices

Increase use of sustainable products 

by contractors and improved 

recycling rates for construction waste 

Identify materials for reuse or recycling with reference to BCA’s 

Demolition Protocol

Reduce waste generation and 

associated costs required to  

re-purchase materials

Reuse furnishings in our show flats, wherever the design or 

theme permits

Operation of 

Assets

Implement recycling programmes for light bulbs, paper, plastic, 

aluminium cans, etc

Divert waste from landfill

Introduce recycling programmes for our corporate office and 

managed buildings, where relevant 

Pilot food waste systems for segregation and onsite treatment

Waste Reduction Performance



In line with the principles of a circular economy, our holistic 

EHS management system framework ensures a regular 

review of our waste minimisation efforts and recycling 

initiatives across all our properties. 

In 2021, general, non-hazardous waste generation 

remained consistent for corporate office and managed 

buildings, compared to 2020 due to the stabilisation of 

office and retail operations.  

In the same year, about 551 tonnes of recyclable waste 

were collected from our managed buildings, 95% of which 

was paper. Since 2017, we have engaged tenants across 

all managed buildings to participate in our paper recycling 

programme. At our retail properties, recycling bins and 

facilities are provided to encourage the recycling of paper, 

plastic and metal by shoppers and tenants. In 2021, City 

Square Mall reported a recycling rate of 26%, which is 

above the national recycling rate of 12% for large malls.10 

Out of 514 tonnes of recyclable waste, seven tonnes were 

attributed to food waste composted.

In 2021, construction waste disposed of at all CDL  

active construction sites amounted to 6,914 tonnes, with 

a waste intensity of 87.6kg/m2. This is higher than waste 

intensities in 2020 due to the resumption of construction 

activities in 2021.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

7 5

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Decarbonising 



Towards Net Zero





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DECARBONISING  

TOWARDS NET ZERO

MINIMISING ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT 

ON OUR COMMUNITIES



 



 



CDL is dedicated to mitigating the impact of our developments 

on the environment and surrounding communities. We are 

also committed to complying with all applicable EHS legal 

requirements enforced by local authorities, such as BCA, 

NEA, PUB, the Ministry of Manpower (MOM) and the 

Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF). Through constant 

monitoring, evaluation and auditing of our ISO 14001 

and ISO 45001-certified EHS management systems, CDL 

actively ensures that all our activities and operations 

comply with existing regulatory requirements.

Managing Water Discharge at Construction Sites 



The discharge of wastewater into the public sewerage 

system and open drains, canals and rivers are strictly 

regulated by PUB and NEA. To ensure that Total Dissolved 

Solids (TDS) and Total Suspended Solids (TSS) readings 

of the discharged water do not exceed the legal limit of 

1,000 mg/litre and 50 mg/litre respectively11, CDL works 

closely with all our contractors to track the quality of water 

discharged into public sewerage and drainage systems. At 

all our construction sites, Earth Control Measures (ECM) are 

implemented to prevent silt from polluting our waterways. In 

the incidence of exceeded TSS readings, prompt corrective 

actions are taken to rectify the issue. CDL will continue 

to work with contractors to increase vigilance in the 

management of water discharge.



Notes: 

•

Waste generated is based on the weight of waste that CDL directs to recovery and disposal.

•

Waste tonnage reported is based on information provided by engaged waste collectors and recyclers. Should information be unavailable, the tonnage of

general and recyclable waste is estimated based on data extrapolation from one week of weighing, or as appropriate per operating conditions.

•

Waste recycled for CDL Corporate Office is reported from 2019 onwards.

• 

Waste disposal figures for CDL Managed Buildings have been restated to remove corporate office waste disposal quantities as they are reported separately in this report.

• 

Of the recycled waste from CDL construction sites, 1% consists of recycled wood and 5% consists of recycled steel. The remaining percentage consists of recycled mixed

waste and recycled demolition waste.

* 

A more accurate value of waste disposed for Piermont Grand was obtained. Hence, this value was adjusted to reflect the new total.

Waste Disposed of and Recycled for CDL’s Operations in Singapore

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

Waste Disposed of by CDL Corporate Office

Waste Disposed of by CDL Managed Buildings  

Waste Disposed of by CDL Construction Sites

10,318

7,455

3,796

4,425

17

1,350

730

1,345

4,220

17

1,180

693

12,877

3,031*

3,929

15

5,160

739

3

10,192

3,878*

2,930

7

2,808

567

2

15,138

6,914

3,121

3

4,546

551

3

Waste Recycled by CDL Corporate Office

Waste Recycled by CDL Managed Buildings  

Waste Recycled by CDL Construction Sites

Note: 

•

Waste intensity figures for CDL active construction sites are for incinerated waste.

* 

A more accurate value of waste disposed for Piermont Grand was obtained. Hence, this value was adjusted to reflect the new total.

11 Allowable limits for trade effluent discharge (water course for TSS and controlled watercourse for TDS) by NEA.



Waste Disposed and Waste Disposal Intensity of CDL’s Operations in Singapore (Tonnes)

CDL Corporate Office

CDL Managed Buildings

CDL Construction Sites

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

17

2.5

17

3.2

15

3.0

7

1.3

3

0.5

4,425

3,796

58.8

4,220

1,345

30.2

3,929

3,031*

33.3*

2,930

3,878*

59.1*

3,121

6,914

87.6

Total Waste Disposed (tonnes)

Waste Disposal Intensity (kg/m2)

15

14.4

15.3

11.9

12.6















































2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

Highest 

TSS 

(mg/litre)

5,370

112

45

49 

40

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

7 6

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DECARBONISING  

TOWARDS NET ZERO

Managing Vector and Pest Control at 



Construction Sites



 



Recognising that construction sites could potentially become 

environments for mosquito breeding and rodent infestation, 

CDL works closely with our main contractors to ensure that 

effective systems are in place to prevent pests and curb 

dengue transmission amongst workers and residents around 

our worksites. 

The ISO 45001 occupational health and safety 

management system and CDL 5-Star EHS Assessment 

provide a risk management framework to identify and 

mitigate the risks associated with vector and pest control 

at construction sites. In addition to ensuring that our 

contractors schedule and conduct regular housekeeping 

on-site, we require that they maintain comprehensive pest 

surveillance and control programmes. We actively engage 

our contractors and their workers through awareness-

building and educational talks to ensure effective vector 

control and minimise incurring fines for vector breeding.

Managing Impact on Communities



 



We provide avenues for the public to raise enquiries or 

feedback on EHS-related matters. Hotlines managed by 

our appointed main contractors are set up and made 

publicly available at all construction sites. Upon receiving 

EHS-related feedback such as noise or dust nuisance to the 

community, the site management will implement controls in 

the surrounding area to address the feedback and prevent 

further incidences.

In Singapore, NEA regulates the noise levels from 

construction sites, with a set of permissible noise limits 

that vary depending on the time of day and type of 

neighbouring premises. To protect the well-being of nearby 

residents, our main contractors must comply with the 

construction noise limits at all our construction sites. To 

minimise noise-related complaints, our main contractors 

are encouraged to implement an active management 

programme and take all necessary actions to address 

related complaints. To ensure the community is aware 

about the construction status, schedules of the progress at 

each site are communicated to inform the community about 

upcoming works. 

Incidents of Non-compliance



All instances of non-compliance to EHS regulatory 

requirements are taken into account by CDL. In 2021, three 

environmental fines were imposed on our main contractors 

across seven construction sites. All three fines were for 

performing construction activities above the noise limit. 

One stop-work order was received from NEA for mosquito 

breeding. There was one fine issued to our managed 

properties in 2021 for mosquito breeding. All issues were 

resolved immediately. 

To prevent future occurrences of non-compliance, we have 

reviewed and streamlined our current processes to improve 

and tighten our EHS practices. Since 2001, the CDL 5-Star 

EHS Assessment System—an independent audit tool to 

assess, measure, and improve the main contractors’ EHS 

management and performance—was put in place to ensure 

a comprehensive, audited, and appraised approach to 

manage and mitigate EHS risks. Details of the CDL 5-Star 

EHS Assessment System can be found here.

Note:

* 

Fines valued in 2020 were updated to accurately account for the fines 

issued according to the date of the official notice of composition letter.

EHS-related Fines

No. of Fines – CDL Managed Properties

No. of Fines – CDL Construction Sites

Value of Fines (S$)



2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

4

2

5

10

8

2

3

1

22,400 

21,100 

73,500* 

25,200

48,000 

GRI 2-4

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

7 7

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Decarbonising 



Towards Net Zero





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DECARBONISING  

TOWARDS NET ZERO

ACHIEVING A RESILIENT 



SUPPLY CHAIN AND 



SUSTAINABLE SOURCING



 



In a constantly shifting environment 

fraught with challenges presented by 

the pandemic and climate change, 

building resilience into the supply chain 

is key. Supply chain risk management 

and robust systems and processes 

are essential to prepare any business for disruptions that 

threaten to weaken supply chain capability.

To reduce the overall environmental impact of our projects 

and managed buildings, CDL proactively influences and 

engages key stakeholders in our value chain to embrace 

safe and environmentally-friendly designs, as well as 

best operational practices throughout the lifecycle of our 

developments. We establish clear procurement guidelines 

and specifications for our vendors, such as using only 

sustainable and non-toxic building materials.

For CDL’s robust efforts in working with our supplier network 

to address climate change, we were the only real estate 

company in Southeast Asia and only Singapore company 

to be awarded the 2021 CDP Supplier Engagement Leader 

for the second consecutive year. This recognition places CDL 

amongst the top 8% of companies assessed by CDP for 

supplier engagement on climate change.

Supply Chain and Supplier Risk Analysis 



For many businesses worldwide, Scope 3 emissions can 

account for more than 70% of their carbon footprint.12 

Measuring and managing these emissions can motivate a 

company to choose more sustainable suppliers, improve the 

energy efficiency of its products, and rethink its sourcing 

and distribution network — measures that can significantly 

reduce the overall climate impact. 

In 2021, close to 100 management and operation staff  

of CDL Group attended a virtual Corporate Sustainability 

Workshop on supply chain risks and climate risks conducted 

by external consultants. The workshop shared findings 

from two major studies that CDL had completed in 2020 

— the Supply Chain Segmentation Study and the second 

climate change scenario analysis for a 1.5°C warmer 

scenario. During the workshop, we discussed topics like 

migrant and forced labour risks, and raw material sourcing 

risks, in alignment with international best practices in the 

construction industry.  

In the supply chain segmentation study, environmental and 

social risks, such as embodied carbon intensity and forced 

labour, were assessed for CDL's top 100 suppliers and top 

five building materials procured for our developments. The 

study helped to strengthen our understanding of potential 

risk hotspots within the supply chain and improved our 

supply chain strategy. There was no significant change

in our supply chain in 2021, as such the findings for the 

study remain relevant. Separately, the climate change 

scenario analysis identified and assessed physical and 

transition risks and opportunities as a result of climate 

change, based on a projected 1.5°C warmer scenario  

in 2030. More information can be found in the  

CDL Integrated Sustainability Report 2021.

Through the CDL 5-Star EHS Seminar conducted in 

2021, we extended learnings from the Supply Chain 

Segmentation Study to more than 90 internal and external 

stakeholders. The training covered supply chain risks and 

opportunities, suppliers’ risk scores, and possible impacts 

from COVID-19.

Procurement of Sustainable Materials



For more than a decade, CDL has been implementing 

sustainable procurement guidelines that set clear 

specifications for responsible sourcing along our supply 

chain. This includes the Responsible Procurement 

Guidelines13 since 2008, and the Green Procurement 

Guidelines for property developments since 2009. In line 

with our corporate EHS Policy introduced in 2003, these 

guidelines encourage the use of eco-friendly and recycled 

materials that have been certified by approved local 

certification bodies, such as Singapore Green Building 

Council (SGBC) and Singapore Environment Council (SEC). 

In 2021, we updated our 3S Green Building Framework 

to align with the latest BCA Green Mark 2021, an 

internationally recognised green building certification 

scheme, to stay focused on advancing our commitment to 

sustainability. The revised framework also includes net-zero 

targets such as embodied carbon management, to guide our 

stakeholders to adopt sustainable building practices such as 

low embodied carbon materials. 

Our Green Procurement Guidelines also indicate our 

preference for ISO 14001, OHSAS 18001, ISO 45001, 

and bizSAFE Level 3 certified vendors. In key operations 

like property development and asset management, major 

suppliers and builders must meet the EHS pre-qualification 

criteria. All suppliers are required to sign a Supplier 

Code of Conduct, which provides comprehensive guiding 

principles for our vendors and suppliers to comply with 

CDL’s expectations, including environment, health, safety, 

and ethical employment.

12 Greenhouse Gas Protocol, 4 April 2016.

13 Renamed from Green Procurement Guidelines in 2020.



GRI 3-1

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

7 8

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Decarbonising 



Towards Net Zero





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DECARBONISING  

TOWARDS NET ZERO

We have established a target to ensure 100% of appointed 

suppliers14 are certified by recognised EHS standards by 

2030. In 2021, 100% of our main contractors and key 

consultants for property development obtained recognised 

EHS certifications. Before awarding development project 

contracts, CDL reviews and evaluates the EHS culture and 

track record of potential suppliers and contractors. In 2021, 

93%15 of suppliers appointed by the asset management 

division were certified by recognised EHS standards. Going 

forward, we will review our targets and deepen supplier 

engagement to progressively enhance our supply chain. 

Embodied Carbon Emissions from Construction 



Materials



 



Embodied carbon refers to the carbon dioxide equivalent 

or GHG emissions associated with the non-operational 

phase of a building and has become an increasingly 

important area for the built environment sector to address. 

It includes emissions caused by extraction, manufacturing, 

transportation, assembly, maintenance, replacement, 

deconstruction, disposal and end-of-life aspects of the 

materials and systems that make up a building. 

The manufacturing of construction materials such as 

steel, cement and glass contribute to 10% of the building 

and construction industry’s global energy related CO2 

emissions.16 A universal whole life carbon assessment will 

be key to accelerate the achievement of net-zero emissions 

across the entire built environment lifecycle. As part of our 

renewed SBTi-validated GHG reduction targets, CDL has 

committed to reduce the embodied carbon of our building 

materials by 41%, instead of their conventional equivalents, 

by 2030. Furthermore, we anticipate carbon-intensive 

construction materials, such as steel and cement, to become 

increasingly costly. 

We also monitor and report the embodied carbon 

performance of our projects against our adopted targets. 

This enhances CDL’s supply chain management and 

encourages the use of low-carbon alternatives. 

An interim 2021 target of a 7% reduction in embodied 

carbon of building materials compared to their conventional 

equivalents was set for all new projects awarded since 

2018. Several projects are expected to obtain TOP by 

2022. We track the performance of these projects against 

the current interim target,17 and raise the next interim target 

where necessary to map our phased progress towards the 

2030 SBTi-validated target of 41% reduction. 

The Tapestry project obtained TOP in 2021 and achieved 

24.8% reduction in embodied carbon with use of 

sustainable materials. The next project to be assessed will 

obtain TOP in 2022.

Managing Impact of Top Building Materials 



Globally, cement manufacturing and steel production are 

responsible for around 7%18 and 7% to 9%19 of global 

carbon emissions, respectively. Hence, it is vital to reduce 

the use of these materials. At CDL, we apply a circular 

economy approach to materials used for our development 

projects. To close the waste loop, we use recycled 

construction materials, such as recycled steel and concrete, 

wherever applicable. On top of this, we encourage the use 

of alternative low-carbon materials at our sites. We are also 

constantly on the lookout for innovative building materials 

and methods to facilitate the transition to net-zero. 

14 These refer to suppliers appointed by AM, and main contractors and key consultants (architects, civil &amp; structural engineers, mechanical &amp; electrical engineers) appointed by PD. 

15 Of the new suppliers appointed in 2021, 88% were certified by recognised health and safety standards (e.g. ISO 45001, OHSAS 18001, and minimum bizSAFE Level 3 certificates), and 17% were certified by recognised environmental 

standards (e.g. ISO 14001).

16 2021 Global Status Report for Buildings and Construction: Towards a Zero-emission, Efficient and Resilient Buildings and Construction Sector. United Nations Environment Programme, 19 October 2021.

17 Based on the lifecycle of CDL’s project developments, embodied carbon data for building materials is only available upon TOP attainment.

18 Global Cement and Concrete Industry Announces Roadmap to Achieve Groundbreaking ‘Net Zero’ CO2 Emissions by 2050. Global Cement and Concrete Association, 12 October 2021.

19 Net Zero Steel: Sector Transition Strategy. Mission Possible Partnership, 19 October 2021.







































Materials

Initiatives

Benefits

Concrete 

(Including granite, 

cement and fine 

aggregate)

• Use SGBC or SEC-certified materials such as 

low-carbon and recycled concrete

• Use recycled concrete aggregates and 

washed copper slag from approved sources 

to replace coarse and fine aggregates for 

concrete production

• Use PPVC where possible

• Promote environmental conservation

• Reduce consumption of raw materials

Steel

• Use recycled steel in projects for 

reinforcement works where possible

• Reduce consumption of raw materials

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

7 9

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Decarbonising 



Towards Net Zero





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DECARBONISING  

TOWARDS NET ZERO

CDL’s Top Five Building Materials











































































































































































Year

2017#

2018#

2019

2020

2021

Top Five Building Materials 

(Tonnes)

Granite

138,312

67,396

Granite

77,854

77,885

71,214

Fine Aggregate (Sand)

87,557

52,867

Fine Aggregate (Sand)

58,846

58,921

53,046

Cement

54,131

23,738

Cement

20,674

21,410

18,289

Steel

18,007

11,306

Steel

12,823

12,548

13,028

Ceramic Tiles

2,799

1,452

Ceramic &amp; Porcelain Tiles

2,227

2,160

2,086

Since 2016, CDL has been tracking and reporting the top 

five building materials and embodied carbon intensities of 

the construction materials used in our property development 

activities to determine the wider carbon lifecycle impact 

of our projects. The embodied carbon emission intensities 

for our projects have been derived using BCA’s Carbon 

Calculator, based on the type and quantity of construction 

materials used.

Notes:

• 

Top building materials for 2021 pertains to seven project sites that were still under development, hence figures reported were based on the project design stage.

# 

Figures have been restated to more accurately capture the building materials utilised in the year, instead of the previously used method of reporting the top five building materials for the projects that achieved TOP in the respective years.

Note:

• 

Embodied carbon intensity for 2021 pertains to six project sites that were under development, hence figures reported were based on the project design stage. The Tapestry achieved TOP in 2021, and the figure has been amended from 0.66 to 

0.70 to reflect the actual embodied carbon intensity.

Embodied Carbon Footprint for Projects Operating in 2021 (tCO2e/m2)

0.99



Amber Park

Irwell Hill Residences

Haus on Handy

Boulevard 88 and  

The Singapore EDITION Hotel

Piermont Grand

The Tapestry

Whistler Grand

0.74

0.69

0.73

0.48

0.70

0.62

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

8 0

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Decarbonising 



Towards Net Zero





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DECARBONISING  

TOWARDS NET ZERO

PROTECTING BIODIVERSITY AND 



NATURAL HABITATS 



Loss of biodiversity is one of the top risks on the World 

Economic Forum Global Risks Report in both 2021 and 

2022.20 CDL has remained steadfast in upholding our 

longstanding commitment to minimising and mitigating 

the impact of our developments on natural habitats and 

protecting wildlife biodiversity. With the increasing 

international consensus that climate and biodiversity issues 

should be tackled together, CDL supports the national and 

international advocacy for Nature-based Solutions (NbS).21 

Our Future Value 2030 Sustainability Blueprint, which is 

aligned with the UN SDGs, includes Goal 15: Life on Land. 

All land use in Singapore is controlled and allocated by  

the Urban Redevelopment Authority (URA), which 

harmonises quality living, development, and the 

sustainability of our existing green landscape. CDL’s 

development projects are housed within the land allocated 

by URA and hence, none of our projects are located in 

protected areas. Further, CDL ensures that our constructed 

buildings maximise the GFA allowed by regulators in 

accordance with the plot ratio assigned to the land parcel, 

for allocated land to be well-utilised. 

Since 2010, CDL has been voluntarily conducting 

Biodiversity Impact Assessments (BIA) on greenfield sites 

before construction where applicable. BIA determines if 

any plant or animal of national conservation importance 

exists at the intended development site. Environmental 

mitigation measures are undertaken, where necessary. 

In 2020, CDL pushed the envelope by introducing a 

dedicated Biodiversity Policy to promote biodiversity 

protection and urban greenery across our operations. The 

policy complements Singapore’s “City in Nature” vision 

and takes reference from national frameworks, such as the 

Biodiversity Impact Assessment (BIA) guidelines introduced 

by URA and NParks in October 2020. In 2021, there 

were no sites located within or adjacent to protected areas. 

Hence, no material biodiversity risk was identified. 

Besides BIA, CDL piloted an Environmental Impact 

Assessment (EIA) study for our Forest Woods residential 

development in 2016. Based on this pilot, CDL is exploring 

possibilities of future applications at our developments.

Urban greenery and landscaping are hallmarks of CDL’s 

developments. All new residential developments by CDL 

devote significantly more site area to landscaping than 

mandatory softscape requirements22 and communal 

facilities. For example, at Irwell Hill Residences, 74% of 

the site area is dedicated to facilities, lifestyle space and 

landscaping. The condominium features lush, landscaped 

grounds, roof gardens, sky terraces, and a huge lawn with 

four heritage rain trees.

20 Global Risks Report 2022. World Economic Forum, 11 January 2022.

21 The IUCN Global Standard on NbS defines NbS as “actions to protect, sustainably manage and restore natural or modified ecosystems that address societal challenges effectively and adaptively, simultaneously providing human well-being and 

biodiversity benefits”.

22 Updates to the Landscaping for Urban Spaces and High-Rises (LUSH) Programme. LUSH 3.0. Urban Redevelopment Authority, 9 November 2017.



CDL Developments Recognised for 

Outstanding Greenery 

In 2021, three of CDL’s development 

sites, Coco Palms, Forest Woods and The 

Tapestry, were recognised under the NParks 

Landscape Excellence Assessment Framework 

(LEAF) certification scheme. The certification 

acknowledges excellence in the efforts of 

developers, landscape architects, architects, 

contractors and maintenance agents in creating 

high-quality urban landscapes which contribute 

to Singapore’s journey of becoming a City 

in Nature. It also celebrates good landscape 

design, construction and management of parks 

and development projects.



C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

8 1

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Decarbonising 



Towards Net Zero





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration












DETERMINED

TO CREATE A FAIR, SAFE &amp;  

INCLUSIVE BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT














ACTIVITIES



OUTPUTS



VALUE 



CREATED



CONTRIBUTING 



 



TO SDGS











ACTIVITIES



OUTPUTS



VALUE 



CREATED



CONTRIBUTING 



 



TO SDGS



HUMAN

CAPITAL



ORGANISATIONAL

CAPITAL



















DETERMINED TO CREATE 

A FAIR, SAFE &amp; INCLUSIVE BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT









Corporate Governance

Corporate Policies  

and Guidelines

Whistle-blowing 

Procedure

Cybersecurity







Employee Training  

and Communication

External Engagement 

and Due Diligence

Personal Data 

Governance





Zero Corruption/ 

Fraud/  

Money Laundering

Zero Breach and Loss 

of Customer Data   















Zero Fatality 

Zero Occupational 

Disease    

Low Injury Rate

Gender Diversity

Age Diversity

Racial and Disability 

Inclusion

Employee Retention 









Clean and Safe 

Spaces for Building 

Occupants and 

Employees

Responsible Supply 

Chain

Future-ready 

Workforce

Employee Physical 

and Mental Wellness







Ethical Business 

Practices and 

Workforce

Trust from 

Stakeholders

Robust Control 

Systems











WSH Management 

System

CDL 5-Star EHS 

Assessment System

Employee Health and 

Well-being Programmes  

Healthy Workplace 

Ecosystem

Safe Management 

Measures













Fair and Competitive 

Remuneration

Equal Opportunity 

Recruitment Policy

Diversity and Inclusion 

Task Force

Women Empowerment 

Employee Engagement

Training and 

Development

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

8 3

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 



&amp; Inclusive Business Environment





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DETERMINED TO CREATE 

A FAIR, SAFE &amp; INCLUSIVE BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

the appointment of Mrs Wong Ai Ai in January 2022, the 

board diversity has increased to 22%.

Business Ethics And Compliance



The Board and Senior Management remain steadfast in 

conducting business with integrity, consistent with the high 

standards of business ethics, and in compliance with all 

applicable laws and regulatory requirements. In 2021, CDL 

had no incidents of non-compliance with socio-economic 

laws and regulations, including legal requirements of 

marketing and advertising practices, for which significant 

fines or non-monetary sanctions were issued to the 

Company. We define significant non-compliance with laws 

and regulations as matters that have a material impact, 

financial or otherwise, on CDL and our stakeholders. There 

were also zero incidents of anti-competitive behaviour or 

monopolistic practices within CDL.



Board Diversity Pledge

The Board believes unequivocally that board 

diversity is vital for the long-term success of a 

company. CDL supports the Board Diversity Pledge 

initiated by SID and SGX, pledging its commitment 

to promote “diversity as a key attribute of a well-

functioning and effective Board” and sharing the 

view “that a diverse Board will enhance decision 

making by harnessing the variety of skills, industry 

and business experiences, gender, age, ethnicity and 

culture, geographical background and nationalities, 

tenure of service, and other distinguishing qualities 

of the members of the Board.”

Our business principles and practices regarding matters 

that may have ethical implications are encapsulated in the 

CDL Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. It communicates 

CDL’s principles such as honesty, integrity, responsibility 

and accountability at all organisational levels. Staff are to 

observe these principles when conducting official business 

in dealing with customers, suppliers and colleagues. The 

CDL Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is published on 

the staff intranet for easy access.

The code provides guidance on issues such as:

• Conflicts of interest and the appropriate disclosures to 

be made

• CDL’s zero tolerance stance against corruption and 

bribery

• Compliance with applicable laws and regulations, 

including those relating to the protection of the environment 

and the conservation of energy and natural resources

• Compliance with CDL’s policies and procedures, 

including those on internal controls and accounting

• Protection and use of CDL’s assets, confidential 

information and intellectual property rights, including the 

respect of the intellectual property rights of third parties 

• Competition and fair dealing in the conduct of CDL’s 

business, in staff’s relationships with customers, 

suppliers, competitors and employees

Implemented in 2020, the CDL Conflict of Interest 

Guidelines aims to prevent any unjustified appointment of 

vendors and reduce possible suggestions that unethical 

actions were taken by employees due to their relationship 

with an external vendor. Accessible on the staff intranet, it 

sets out guidance on identifying any deemed interest with 

a current or prospective vendor. In the event of a conflict 

of interest, staff declaration is mandatory and the staff 

shall abstain from having any business dealing with the 

identified vendor.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



 



In 2021, CDL continued to be ranked favourably in 

the Singapore Governance and Transparency Index 

(SGTI) 2021, ranking 4th amongst listed companies 

in Singapore. The SGTI assesses companies on their 

corporate governance disclosure and practices, as 

well as the timeliness, accessibility and transparency of 

the announcement of their financial results. For our full 

Corporate Governance Report, please refer to the  

CDL Annual Report 2021. 

Board Diversity



In December 2021, SGX announced new requirements 

for listed companies to provide climate-related disclosures 

based on the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 

Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations. Issuers are required 

to set a board diversity policy from 2022 and provide 

details such as diversity targets, plans, timelines and 

progress in their annual reports. Since 28 August 2015, 

CDL’s Board has supported the Board Diversity Pledge 

initiated by the Singapore Institute of Directors (SID) and 

SGX. In 2017, the board-level Nominating Committee 

adopted a formal Board Diversity Policy, which sets out 

a clear policy and framework for promoting diversity on 

CDL’s Board. As of end-2021, CDL had one female director 

(12.5%) – Ms Carol Fong – out of eight directors. With 

CDL’s corporate policies and ESG commitments have 

built a strong foundation for corporate governance. Our 

dedication to business integrity and fair practices maintains 

the high level of trust and confidence our stakeholders  

have in us to deliver beyond expectations. We believe in 

creating a sustainable and equitable future by focusing not 

only on our buildings, but also on forming a cohesive and 

inclusive workforce. 

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

8 4

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 



&amp; Inclusive Business Environment





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration


DETERMINED TO CREATE 

A FAIR, SAFE &amp; INCLUSIVE BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT



CORPORATE POLICIES AND GUIDELINES



 



CDL corporate policies provide guiding principles on 

business conduct and ethics that all employees and 

stakeholders across our value chain should practise to 

support CDL’s commitment to sustainability. To enhance 

transparency, the corporate policies and guidelines  

are publicly available on our corporate website  

(www.cdl.com.sg), dedicated sustainability microsite  

(www.cdlsustainability.com) and staff intranet. 

Relevant policies are disseminated to employees of CDL’s 

key subsidiaries and supply chain, where applicable. For 

employees in our subsidiaries outside of Singapore, the 

policies are translated into the required local languages. 

Board Oversight 



For good corporate governance, all corporate policies  

are reviewed and approved by our Board of Directors,  

the relevant board committees and Senior Management.  

New directors are provided with an onboarding e-manual 

that includes all our corporate policies for their knowledge 

and compliance. 

Through CDL’s quarterly risk reports, the board-level Audit &amp; 

Risk Committee (ARC) is kept informed about major corruption 

cases within the Group's operating units around the world.

Whistle-blowing Procedure 



Our employees and business partners can seek advice and 

raise concerns in confidence about possible improprieties, 

relating to accounting, financial reporting, internal controls 

and auditing matters or other matters, to the CDL Ethics 

Officer through a dedicated email account, toll-free numbers 

or by mail, regarding violation of business ethics, serious 

breaches of Group policies, fraud, corruption, collusion with 

suppliers/contractors and/or conflicts of interest. Toll-free 

lines for callers from Singapore, China, Thailand, the UK, 

and the US are also available. The reporting channels are 

published on our corporate website and staff intranet.

The ARC has overall authority and oversight of the 

Whistleblowing Policy, which is administered with the 

assistance of the Head of Internal Audit. Procedures are in 

place for independent investigation and for appropriate 

follow-up actions to be taken. Any improprieties involving 

the Head of Internal Audit (also the CDL Ethics Officer) may 

be reported to the Chairman of the ARC. 

As of 31 December 2021, there were zero incidents of 

corruption, fraud, and money laundering activity across 

CDL’s business operations wholly-owned and directly-

managed by CDL's headquarters in Singapore.

Board Policies



Board Diversity Policy 

Corporate Policies



Anti-corruption, Fraud and Competition Policies

Investor Relations Policy

Personal Data Policy

Whistle-blowing Policy

Sustainability Policies



Biodiversity Policy

Climate Change Policy

Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS) Policy

Green Building Policy

Human Rights Policy

Supplier Code of Conduct

Sustainable Investment Principles





Whistleblowing Reporting Channels

TELEPHONE

Toll-free Voicemail:

Singapore 

: 1-800-226-1706

China 

: 400-120-2930

Thailand 

: 001-800-658-293

UK 

: 0800-404-9732

USA 

: 1-833-795-0114

EMAIL

cdl.whistleblowing@cdl.com.sg

MAIL

CDL Ethics Officer

9 Raffles Place, #12-01

Republic Plaza, Singapore 048619

Data Privacy 



Information security materials are made available to better 

educate stakeholders on prevailing risks, especially in 

the handling of sensitive corporate data. Since 2014, we 

have implemented a Data Privacy Policy which informs 

stakeholders on how CDL manages personal data in 

compliance with the Singapore Personal Data Protection 

Act (No. 26 of 2012). Customers and business partners 

can get in touch with our Data Protection Officer by mail, 

email and phone on matters concerning their personal data 

with CDL. The Data Privacy Policy is available to the public 

on our corporate website.

CDL’s Social Media Guidelines advocate employees’ 

responsibility on the use of social media, including taking 

precautions for the protection of information privacy. 

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

8 5

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 



&amp; Inclusive Business Environment





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration


DETERMINED TO CREATE 

A FAIR, SAFE &amp; INCLUSIVE BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT



In 2021, there were no substantiated complaints 

concerning breaches of customer privacy, theft, leak and 

loss of customer data or critical information.

External Engagement and Due Diligence



With the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Financing  

of Terrorism Policy introduced in July 2016 to our 

employees in frontline sales and compliance job functions, 

we worked on aligning our policies and guidelines with the 

external marketing agents for CDL’s properties. This ensures 

that our business is reasonably guarded against the risk 

of property transactions being used to finance terrorism or 

launder illicit funds.

As part of our due diligence, all direct suppliers of CDL’s 

core operations in Property Development and Asset 

Management are required to endorse their acceptance of 

and compliance with the ethical standards as outlined in 

our Supplier Code of Conduct.

Cybersecurity  



With cyber-attacks becoming more prevalent, targeted, 

and complex, we are adopting industry best practices and 

moving beyond technology defense towards a more holistic 

and risk-based cybersecurity framework. The objective is 

to establish a robust foundation to identify and protect our 

critical assets and more importantly, be able to detect and 

respond to threats. 

Using proven security solutions, we ensure sensitive data is 

encrypted to safeguard critical information. Data recovery 

strategies and measures, such as data backup, are in place 

to minimise downtime and ensure critical information can 

be made available quickly for business continuity.

CDL established a Cybersecurity Framework in 2020 

to detect, protect against and respond to cyber-attacks 

and crimes, and the CDL Computer Security Policies 

and Standards were updated in 2021 on cybersecurity 

compliance. Besides embracing the Next Generation Anti-

Virus software, Advanced Email Security Protection solution, 

Enterprise-Class Firewalls and Intrusion Protection System to 

protect our information assets, our Information Technology 

(IT) department has also deployed the User Behavior 

Analytical solution to enable the identification of abnormal 

user computing behaviours or activities. At the same time, 

we have also rolled out an EndPoint and Network Detection 

and Response solution to enable the detection and 

containment of advanced persistence cybersecurity attack 

threats. CDL also recently migrated our backup system to a 

ransomware immutable backup platform to guard against 

the heightened global ransomware attacks.

CDL has also engaged a reputable Managed Security 

Operation Center (mSOC) service provider to provide 

24/7 security monitoring and incident response services. To 

increase our employees’ IT security awareness and vigilance, 

a series of online cybersecurity trainings and periodic 

phishing attack simulations were conducted to increase our 

employees’ IT security awareness and vigilance.

Employee Training and Communication



Annually, all our full- and part-time employees are 

required to complete a compulsory online declaration to 

acknowledge that they are aware of, have read, and are 

in compliance with CDL’s corporate policies and guidelines 

before the start of the calendar year. Awareness bulletins 

are published on CDL’s intranet for a quick refresher 

anytime on key elements of CDL’s stance against corruption. 

Fraud risk awareness training and assessments covering 

topics such as bribery and conflicts of interest were also 

conducted for selected front-line business units.

New hires, as part of their orientation programme, are 

required to learn about CDL’s Code of Business Conduct 

and Ethics, as well as other related corporate policies 

including Anti-Corruption, Fraud, Competition, and 

Whistleblowing. They are also required to complete a 

self-paced, interactive e-learning module (accessible for all 

employees as well) that provides information and guidance 

to recognise, address, resolve, avoid, and prevent 

instances of corruption. In 2021, 100% of our new hires 

were educated with anti-corruption knowledge. 

To increase employees’ vigilance against cybercrime, which is 

exacerbated by the adoption of online working environments 

and operations, data protection and cybersecurity awareness 

training sessions were conducted in 2021.

Human Rights 



CDL has always upheld the fundamental principles of 

human and workplace rights in places where we operate. 

Since 2005, we have been a signatory to the United 

Nations Global Compact (UNGC)'s principles on Human 

Rights and Labour, and are guided by international 

human rights principles as derived from the Universal 

Declaration of Human Rights and the International Labour 

Organisation's Declaration on Fundamental Principles and 

Rights at Work.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

8 6

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 



&amp; Inclusive Business Environment





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration


DETERMINED TO CREATE 

A FAIR, SAFE &amp; INCLUSIVE BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT



DEDICATION TO OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH, SAFETY AND WELL-BEING 



 



In line with our corporate EHS Policy, KPIs are identified with targets established and reviewed annually to monitor our EHS 

performance. This ensures that we consistently achieve a high EHS standard across the organisation.

Beyond caring for our employees, CDL also prioritises the health and safety of our workers at our construction sites and 

managed buildings. All workers at our construction sites and properties managed1 by CDL are protected under CDL’s stringent 

health and safety management policies and procedures.

1 

Workers at our managed properties are contracted to provide maintenance, cleaning and security services.

2 

bizSAFE Mentors are organisations that have demonstrated excellent WSH performance and leadership. As a role model, a bizSAFE Mentor shares good practices and nurtures bizSAFE Enterprises in their WSH, guiding them as they progress 

in the programme.



 Regular inspection and Work-at-Height training at Whistler Grand





 Quarterly dengue awareness campaign at Whistler Grand

In 2021, CDL was the sole recipient of the Workplace 

Safety and Health (WSH) Developer Award, organised 

by WSH Council and supported by the Ministry of 

Manpower (MOM). It marks the 12th year that CDL has 

clinched this award, which acknowledges our role in 

ensuring good WSH practices with our contractors. 

Amber Park and Whistler Grand also received the 

Safety and Health Award Recognition for Projects 

(SHARP) award in the same year, which recognises 

large-scale projects or worksites that have good safety 

and health performance and WSH management 

systems. CDL has also been recognised by the Royal 

Society for the Prevention of Accidents (RoSPA) with 

the Order of Distinction Award for achieving 16 

consecutive Gold Medal Awards.

CDL continues to be recognised as a long-serving 

bizSAFE Mentor.2 In 2021, we completed our 

surveillance audit and continue to be certified under 

the ISO 45001 occupational health and safety 

management system standard. We will continue 

to leverage industry best practices to ensure that 

occupational health and safety is maintained at their 

highest levels. 

CDL’s Approach to EHS Risk Management



EHS Working Committee – All CDL employees are 

represented in the EHS Working Committee through 

their department representatives. Staff can highlight their 

concerns, including WSH issues, directly to the EHS team. 

Initiatives and activities planned by this committee are part 

of a continual process to ensure and promote the health, 

safety, and well-being of all employees. The committee 

convenes at least once annually to discuss and review 

CDL’s approach to health and safety management. 

EHS Working Committee members undergo risk 

management training to lead risk assessments for their 

respective operations. They also attend refresher sessions 

periodically to keep abreast with new developments.

EHS Organisational Structure



Supported by

Supported by



Board Sustainability 

Committee



Sustainability Team 

(EHS)

Internal 

Auditors

Executive Committee

Steering Committee

Working Committee

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

8 7

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 



&amp; Inclusive Business Environment





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration


DETERMINED TO CREATE 

A FAIR, SAFE &amp; INCLUSIVE BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT



Hazard Identification, Risk Assessment and 

Risk Control – CDL conducts hazard identification, 

risk assessment and risk control exercises across our 

corporate office, and 100% of our managed buildings and 

construction sites, in line with ISO 45001 management 

system requirements and local legislation.

As part of CDL’s risk management process, the trained 

EHS Working Committee leads these exercises within their 

departments for routine and non-routine activities, and 

also conducts cross-departmental reviews. In consultation 

with the EHS department, the members recommend risk 

mitigation methods that are commensurate with a hierarchy 

of controls, a step-by-step guidance system for reducing or 

eliminating identified hazards. 

Employees who conduct site visits and inspections at our 

managed buildings and construction sites are exposed to 

slip, trip and fall hazards. Hence, we strive to improve our 

safety and precautionary measures by adopting industry 

best practices such as regular risk assessment reviews.

Responding to Incidents – Apart from the periodic 

reviews, any organisational changes, the occurrence of 

incidents or employee feedback would trigger ad-hoc 

reviews of our risk controls.

CDL has established an incident investigation and reporting 

procedure to promptly respond to health and safety incidents. 

When employees raise incident reports, an experienced 

group of personnel will investigate to determine the root cause 

of the incident and identify corrective and preventive actions.

As our employees’ safety is of utmost importance, 

employees are actively reminded not to engage in unsafe 

work and to report any unsafe working conditions to their 

department’s EHS representative or directly to the EHS 

department so that the issue can be resolved quickly and 

effectively. CDL views this as valuable feedback to drive 

safety enhancements in the workplace, and ensures that 

employees can provide input without fear of reprisal.

Training – CDL’s EHS team organises WSH awareness 

workshops and trainings annually to raise awareness of 

occupational health and safety issues among employees. 

Topics covered include health and safety-related trends, 

legislative requirements, reporting of incidents and safety 

issues on- and off-the-job. 

In March 2021, a WSH CultureSAFE training was 

conducted to promote a total WSH mindset amongst our 

employees. About 190 employees learnt about the WSH 

CultureSAFE Programme, best practices in WSH culture 

and WSH-related trends. 

This forms part of CDL’s educational efforts to inculcate a 

holistic safety mindset in our employees. Real-life incidents 

are used as case studies for employees to gain a better 

understanding of existing and predicted risks within their 

work activities. Employees are also provided with quarterly 

reminders on relevant health and safety topics to observe 

during WFH arrangements. 

Total Workplace Safety and Health (WSH) at 



Corporate Office



CDL places occupational safety and health at the forefront of 

all our business processes. Since 2003, we have maintained 

our OHSAS 18001 certification that demonstrates our 

3 

OHS management system standard was revised in March 2018. The publication of ISO 45001:2018 has since replaced OHSAS 18001.

4 

100% of key operations (Corporate Management, Property and Facilities Management and Project Management Services) are covered under our health and safety management system.

Notes (applicable to the other safety performance charts):

• 

National average figures are the 12-month rolling national average 

figures up till June 2021 based on the latest information released on 

MOM’s website

• 

LTIFR: Lost-Time Injury Frequency Rate (number of lost time injuries per 

million manhours worked); CDL had previously reported Accident 

Frequency Rate (AFR), as defined by MOM

• 

MOM Reportable Accidents are considered to be accidents whereby 

the employee is certified by a registered medical practitioner or 

registered dentist to be unfit for work, or to require hospitalisation or to 

be placed on light duties, on account of the accident

• 

Major IR: Major Injury Rate (number of major workplace injuries per 

100,000 persons employed)

• 

Minor IR: Minor Injury Rate (number of minor workplace injuries per 

100,000 persons employed)



Safety Performance (Corporate Office)

LTIFR

0

Major IR

0

vs. national

average of 17.4

Minor IR

0

vs. national

average of 365

761,714

Working Hours

0 

Female

0 

Male

Injuries

commitment to a holistic occupational health and safety 

management system. In March 2020, OHSAS 18001 was 

migrated to the latest ISO 45001 standard.3 It provides 

robust guidance for our integrated EHS Management System 

that covers 100%4 of Singapore key operations.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

8 8

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 



&amp; Inclusive Business Environment





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration


DETERMINED TO CREATE 

A FAIR, SAFE &amp; INCLUSIVE BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT



In 2021, there was no fatality, high-consequence injury, 

major and minor injury5 or occupational disease involving 

our employees at our corporate office. 

A high-consequence injury is a work-related injury that 

results in a fatality or in an injury from which the worker 

cannot, does not, or is not expected to recover fully to 

pre-injury health status within six months. There was no 

reportable injury6 that occurred within the CDL corporate 

office premises. 

CDL proactively tracks and takes accountability for 

reportable incidents to help raise awareness on the 

importance of a safe and healthy workplace. In 2021,  

we continued to promote a holistic safety culture among 

our employees. Staff were encouraged to share feedback, 

near-misses and other issues related to health and safety 

with our EHS Committee.

Total WSH at Managed Properties



 



Facilities management and maintenance are vital in delivering 

prompt and reliable services to our tenants, customers and 

building users. This impacts the operational efficiency of 

our managed assets, which contributes to our bottom line. 

As such, we place great emphasis on guiding our facility 

managers and contractors to uphold safe, healthy and 

productive work environments for workers in our managed 

buildings. Tenants are also engaged to provide feedback 

on unsafe conditions, which are addressed promptly. 

Additionally, CDL engages our contracted workers through 

monthly meetings to develop solutions that mitigate WSH risks 

5 

For the definition of Major and Minor IR, please refer to MOM’s website.

6 

Reportable incident refers to a work-related accident, workplace accident, dangerous occurrence and occupational disease that require statutory reporting to MOM, as mandated by the Singapore Workplace Safety and Health Act. 

7 

Key contractors in our managed properties provide cleaning, security services and mechanical and engineering support. Working hours disclosed covers CDL employees and workers of key contractors only.

this hazard is the ‘Working at Height Course’, which is 

mandatory for supervisors and workers.

In 2021, there was no fatality, high-consequence injury, 

major injury and occupational disease involving the 

workers of our key contractors7 at CDL-managed properties. 

There were five reportable injuries, which were classified to 

be minor or less. These were sustained by our contractors’ 

workers and resulted in a loss of 102 man-days. We 

have identified the root causes of these injuries (e.g. Cuts, 

irritation) and implemented corrective actions immediately 

to prevent a recurrence. Learnings from all incidents were 

actively shared with the respective managers, EHS working 

committees and contractors. We are also working closely 

with the contractors to strengthen the risk control measures 

of their daily operational activities.

Total WSH at Construction Sites 



CDL prioritises our workers’ health and safety through the 

enforcement of policies and practices. Measures to manage 

and minimise high-risk activities include:

• Robust risk controls, such as fall prevention plans and 

regular personnel protective equipment inspections

• Frequent briefings on dengue, fatigue, heat stress, 

hearing conservation and respiratory protection

• Regular on-site inspections for health and safety risks

For close to two decades, as part of the tender shortlisting 

process, we require all our builders to have an accredited 

health and safety management system, such as OHSAS 

18001/ISO 45001 or at least bizSAFE Level 3 certification. 

and reiterate the importance of health and safety issues that 

affect our workers and tenants. Majority of our contracted 

workers, who are not directly employed by CDL but work 

at our premises, are from CBM Pte Ltd, CDL’s wholly-owned 

subsidiary. In 2021, a quarterly headcount average of 331 

CBM workers worked at CDL’s managed buildings.

CDL has always prioritised risk management at our managed 

properties using a robust risk assessment system, led by 

our trained personnel in operational risk management. For 

every facility management assignment in our properties, 

suppliers are required to perform risk assessments to mitigate 

safety risks, such as falling from heights that may result in 

bodily injury or even fatality. One key training in managing 



Safety Performance (Managed Properties)

Injuries

LTIFR

6.76

Major IR

0

vs. national

average of 17.4

Minor IR

604

vs. national

average of 365

739,864

Working Hours

3 

Female

2 

Male

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

8 9

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 



&amp; Inclusive Business Environment





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration


DETERMINED TO CREATE 

A FAIR, SAFE &amp; INCLUSIVE BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT



We also actively engage our business partners on health 

and safety matters through risk reviews, covering the whole 

lifecycle starting from pre-construction to TOP attainment. 

CDL uses a customised EHS risk register for each project 

to identify and mitigate EHS issues right from the design 

stage. As part of our EHS Policy and Project Development 

Green Procurement Guideline, we actively review the type 

of construction materials and methods to be adopted to 

minimise EHS risks.

Each construction site has a dedicated workplace EHS 

committee, representing all workers on-site, including 

members from the main contractor’s management, 

construction workers and sub-contractors. CDL’s Project 

Managers regularly track workplace EHS issues at meetings 

conducted on-site with our main contractors and workers’ 

representatives, amongst others. Through this, we maintain 

close oversight of issues on-site, ranging from technical 

challenges to workers’ welfare. These meetings serve 

as a platform for site coordinators to report unsafe work 

conditions and propose risk mitigation action plans. Some 

of our sites further incentivise workers to identify and report 

risk, to raise overall safety awareness.

For every project development, a monthly joint safety 

inspection is carried out in the presence of the main 

contractor, sub-contractors, and site staff representing 

CDL and our consultants. The inspection highlights safety 

infringements and promotes better work conditions. Since 

2001, on top of regulatory mandated audits, CDL also 

monitors the performance of the main contractor’s EHS 

management through our CDL 5-Star EHS Assessment.





Going Smart with Site Inspections

In 2021, CDL collaborated with our main contractor 

Woh Hup, to devise a virtual tour system for Quality 

Control Unit (QCU) inspections during construction 

stage. This helps to improve the safety of site personnel, 

contractors and subcontractors involved in the project. 

It utilises the Insta 360 camera to take photos of the 

location and a virtual tour application to create 360° 

walkthroughs. This innovation allows QCU inspections 

to be conducted virtually, increasing productivity despite 

disruptions caused by COVID-19.

In 2021, an average of 2,110 construction workers worked 

at our developments. Across our seven active construction 

sites throughout the 12-month period in 2021, an average 

of 26.7 workers were involved in every 1,000 m2 of built 

area. There was no fatality, high-consequence injury and 

occupational disease at CDL’s construction sites. There was 

one major injury case and three minor injury cases (e.g. 

Injuries from falls and striking against objects) reported across 

our construction sites, which were addressed immediately 

with prompt identification of the root causes and corrective 

actions needed. Learnings from all incidents were shared 

with the respective managers, EHS working committees and 

contractors. We are also working closely with the contractors 

to strengthen the risk control measures of their daily 

operational activities.

 360 virtual tours made easy. Photo Credit: kuula.co

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

9 0

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 



&amp; Inclusive Business Environment





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration


DETERMINED TO CREATE 

A FAIR, SAFE &amp; INCLUSIVE BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT



As elaborated in our enhanced EHS policy in 2021, 

we will continue to work with contractors to ensure that 

dormitories and facilities are equipped with basic amenities 

and all necessary measures. This is to provide safe, clean, 

healthy and dignified living and working conditions at 

on-site or off-site workers’ housing, including commercial 

purpose-built dormitories and factory-converted dormitories.

8 

There were seven active development projects in 2021. The CDL 5-Star EHS Awards did not cover The Tapestry as it had completed construction and obtained TOP in February 2021.

Major Injury Rates at Construction Sites: 

No. of major workplace injuries per  

100,000 persons employed

CDL

Industry Average



0

47

28.3

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

0

0

0

22.9

29.7

17.9

23.5*

* 

The average of the last three years was taken for 2021 as full-year 

2021 data was not available at the point of publication.

Minor Injury Rates at Construction Sites: 

No. of minor workplace injuries per  

100,000 persons employed

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

CDL

Industry Average



142.2

390

371

525

404

433*

46

120

52

135

CDL 5-Star EHS Assessment and Awards



The CDL 5-Star EHS Assessment and Awards have been 

instrumental in influencing CDL’s main contractors and 

consultants to monitor and improve their EHS performance.

Since 2001, the CDL 5-Star EHS Assessment – an 

independent audit tool to assess, measure, and improve 

the main contractors’ EHS management and performance 

– has been in place to ensure a comprehensive, audited, 

and appraised approach. All CDL main contractors 

undergo quarterly EHS inspections and audits conducted 

by an independent audit firm recognised by MOM, and 

are appraised on a scale of one to five stars. Results are 

then presented to the management and site supervisors 

of the contractors and project consultants during the 

quarterly CDL 5-Star EHS Seminars. These seminars serve 

as an invaluable platform to promote sharing of best 

practices and peer learning, which encourages better EHS 

performance amongst our builders.

Launched in 2005, the CDL 5-Star EHS Awards recognises 

main contractors who have excelled in the CDL 5-Star EHS 

Assessment during the reporting year.

The Awards comprise the CDL EHS Excellence Award and 

the CDL Workers’ Welfare Award, the latter of which was 

introduced in 2012. The Safe Worker Award was launched 

in 2014 to recognise exemplary workers who are role 

models for safe work practices and inspire their colleagues 

to be more vigilant.

In 2021, the CDL 5-Star EHS Awards ceremony was held 

virtually, with six out of six development projects8 achieving 

the highest five-star ratings.

GRI 3-1



Safety Performance (Construction Sites)

Injuries

LTIFR

0.92

Major IR

47

vs. national

average of 17.4

Minor IR

142.2

vs. national

average of 365

0 

Female

7 

Male

7,604,770

Working Hours

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

9 1

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 



&amp; Inclusive Business Environment





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration


DETERMINED TO CREATE 

A FAIR, SAFE &amp; INCLUSIVE BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT



HUMAN CAPITAL AND DEVELOPMENT 



 



The COVID-19 pandemic has fundamentally shifted 

working environments. The normalisation of remote work 

has impacted how our workforce communicates, connects 

and delivers. New opportunities for digital transformation 

and collaborative methods sharpen our competitive 

advantage of driving engagement and achieving 

organisational agility.  

For CDL, maintaining alignment and driving teamwork and 

development across online and offline work environments 

are key priorities. Through a three-pronged approach of 

developing, engaging and caring for employees, we are 

committed to driving productivity, employee satisfaction and 

talent retention for organisational excellence. In 2021, CDL 

received the Human Resources Director 5-Star Employer 

of Choice award for our achievements across a range of 

areas including leadership, learning and development, 

well-being, and diversity and inclusion. We were also 

awarded one of the “Best Companies to Work for in Asia” 

by HR Asia Magazine in 2021. 

CDL’s recruitment process adheres to the strict guidelines 

on non-discrimination and fairness, regardless of gender, 

ethnicity, religion, or age. Beyond providing jobs and 

caring for our direct employees through comprehensive 

benefits schemes, we also invest significantly in training to 

upskill our employees to be future ready.

Conducted biennially, our last employee engagement 

survey was held in 2020. The 2020 engagement score 

was 79%, which is 7% above the Singapore norm. The 

next survey will be carried out in 2022.

Unless specified, the scope for this section on human 

capital and development covers the CDL Corporate Office 

in Singapore only.

Job Creation and Employment 



CDL adheres to the Tripartite Guidelines on Managing 

Excess Manpower issued by MOM and its tripartite 

partners, Singapore National Employers Federation and 

the National Trades Union Congress. We support and 

share a similar philosophy as the Tripartite Guidelines, 

which strongly encourage companies to manage excess 

manpower and consider reorganisation as a last resort. 

The Guidelines also suggest providing company retraining 

programmes for workers, redeployment of workers to 

alternative areas of work, implementing shorter work 

weeks, temporary layoffs, flexible work arrangements, and 

managing wage costs through a flexible wage system. 

In the past five years, there has been no major 

reorganisation which resulted in the loss of jobs. Despite 

the business challenges brought on by COVID-19, CDL is 

proud to have not undertaken any major reorganisation or 

retrenchment exercise, hence preserving the livelihoods of 

our workforce.

In the event of termination or employee resignation, a 

minimum notice period of one to three months needs to be 

fulfilled, depending on the employee’s job grade. Due to 

operational requirements, middle and senior management 

are required to provide a notice period of two and three 

months respectively.

Our Employees – As of 31 December 2021, CDL hired 

a total of 408 employees for our operations headquartered 

in Singapore, where most of our business in property 

development and asset management is based, excluding 

hotel properties. Close to 4% of our employees were hired 

on a temporary basis with a tenure of more than one year. 

In 2021, CDL did not have any employees with non-

guaranteed hours.

Total Number of Employees



Employee Demographics  

– Total Employment

Below 30 Years Old

Female : 28

7%

Male

: 5

1%

Total : 33

8%

30-50 Years Old

Female : 196 48%

Male

: 87

21%

Total : 283 69%

Above 50 Years Old

Female : 57

14%

Male

: 35

9%

Total : 92

23%

281

Female

69%

127

Male

31%

8%

23%

69%



Total

408



408

392

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

400

403

415

GRI 3-1

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

9 2

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 



&amp; Inclusive Business Environment





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration


DETERMINED TO CREATE 

A FAIR, SAFE &amp; INCLUSIVE BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT





Number of Full-Time Employees

69%

31%

Total

406





Number of Part-Time Employees

100%

Total

2





Number of Permanent Employees

30%

70%

Total

389





Number of Temporary Employees

42%

58%

Total

19



New Hires – CDL had 66 new hires in 2021, an increase 

in the number of new hires from 2020 by 8.2%. Out of the 

new hires, 65 were replacements for existing positions and 

one was for a newly-created position.



Employee Demographics  

– New Hires

Below 30 Years Old

Female :18

27%

Male

: 3

5%

Total : 21

32%

30-50 Years Old

Female : 26

39%

Male

: 14

21%

Total : 40

60%

Above 50 Years Old

Female : 3

5%

Male

: 2

3%

Total : 5

8%

32%

8%

60%

Total

66



9 

Computation of annual employee turnover is based on cumulative monthly attrition rate derived from the number of resignations for the month divided by the headcount for the month.

10 Extrapolated from MOM’s website as Q4 2021 national resignation rate was not available at the time of publication.

Employee Retention – Our successful employee 

engagement is evident from our employees’ length of 

service. The average tenure of our employees is about 

8.7 years and more than 51% of our employees have 

been with CDL for more than five years. Our employee 

resignation rate of 14% continued to remain significantly 

lower than the national average of 19.2% in 2021. CDL 

experienced an involuntary turnover rate of about 4.7%, of 

which 1.7% is due to retirement.

Employee Resignation Rate (%)



2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

CDL

Industry Average

14.09

22.0

22.0

21.6

18.6

19.210

16.0

17.3

16.1

7.0

279

Female

69%

2

Female

100%

273

Female

70%

127

Male

31%

8

Female

42%

47

Female

71%

11

Male

58%

19

Male

29%

0

Male

0%

116

Male

30%

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

9 3

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 



&amp; Inclusive Business Environment





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration


DETERMINED TO CREATE 

A FAIR, SAFE &amp; INCLUSIVE BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT



Employee Demographics  

– Resignations

Below 30 Years Old

Female : 8

14%

Male

: 3

5%

Total : 11

19%

30-50 Years Old

Female : 28

49%

Male

: 16

28%

Total : 44

77%

Above 50 Years Old

Female : 2

4%

Male

: 0

0%

Total : 2

4%

19%

4%

77%

Total

57





Employee Demographics  

– Managers

Below 30 Years Old

Female : 8

3%

Male

: 0

0%

Total : 8

3%

30-50 Years Old

Female : 126 48%

Male

: 66

25%

Total : 192 73%

Above 50 Years Old

Female : 37

14%

Male

: 27

10%

Total : 64

24%





Employee Demographics  

– Involuntary Turnover 

Below 30 Years Old

Female : 0

0%

Male

: 0

0%

Total : 0

0%

30-50 Years Old

Female : 6

32%

Male

: 4

21%

Total : 10

53%

Above 50 Years Old

Female : 7

36%

Male

: 2

11%

Total : 9

47%

53%

47%

Total

19







97% of our HODs are Singaporeans or Permanent Residents, hired 

from our local community.

Gender of HODs at CDL Corporate Office 

Below 30 Years Old

Female : 0

0%

Male

: 0

0%

Total : 0

0%

30-50 Years Old

Female : 7

22%

Male

: 10

31%

Total : 17

53%

Above 50 Years Old

Female : 8

25%

Male

: 7

22%

Total : 15

47%

53%

47%

Total

32



3%

24%

73%

Total

264





Employee Demographics  

– Non-Managers

Below 30 Years Old

Female : 20

14%

Male

: 5

3%

Total : 25

17%

30-50 Years Old

Female : 70

49%

Male

: 21

15%

Total : 91

64%

Above 50 Years Old

Female : 20

14%

Male

: 8

6%

Total : 28

20%

17%

20%

64%

Total

144



Note: 

The percentages do not add up to 100% due to rounding of decimals.

Diversity and Inclusion



With women making up a significant 69% of CDL’s 

workforce, we have more females than males in both 

managerial and non-managerial roles. As of end-2021, 

47% of our Heads of Departments (HODs) are females. 

CDL has a diversified workforce across all age groups. In 2021, 

67% of recruits were millennials (born in 1981 or later). About 

44% of our current workforce now consists of millennials who 

inject new ideas, enthusiasm, and energy into our organisation.



Employee Involuntary Turnover Rate (%)

4.7

4.3

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

4.1

3.8

4.1

38

Female

67%

13

Female

68%

15

Female

47%

110

Female

76%

171

Female

65%

19

Male

33%

6

Male

32%

17

Male

53%

34

Male

24%

93

Male

35%

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

9 4

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 



&amp; Inclusive Business Environment





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration


DETERMINED TO CREATE 

A FAIR, SAFE &amp; INCLUSIVE BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT



CDL Diversity and Inclusion Task Force



CDL recognises that creating and expanding opportunities 

for women are fundamental to CDL’s sustainable growth and 

beneficial to society. As a result, CDL’s Diversity and Inclusion 

Task Force was established in 2017 to promote diversity and 

inclusion within our workplace and the wider community. 

Under the leadership of our Group CEO, the Task Force is 

co-chaired by the Sustainability and HR departments.

Public Commitment to Women Empowerment



In 2017, our Group CEO joined over 1,600 leaders 

globally in pledging CDL’s support for the Women’s 

Empowerment Principles. Developed through a partnership 

between the UN Women and UNGC, the principles offer 

practical guidance to the private sector on how to empower 

women in the workplace, marketplace and community.

Global Recognition for Gender Equality



Since 2018, for the fifth year running, 

CDL’s efforts in advancing gender 

diversity at the workplace has earned 

our inclusion in the sector-neutral 

Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 

(GEI). CDL is one of five Singapore 

companies to be listed in 2022’s 

index. The reference index measures gender equality 

across five pillars: female leadership and talent pipeline, 

gender pay and equal pay parity, inclusive culture, sexual 

harassment policies, and pro-women brand—allowing 

investors to make better-informed decisions and help 

companies track and progress towards gender equality. 

Racial and Disability Inclusion



CDL embraces an inclusive workplace with a multi-racial 

workforce from diverse backgrounds. Due to Singapore’s 

predominantly Chinese population, our workforce comprises 

a larger percentage of Chinese employees. Where possible, 

we also provide fair employment opportunities for the 

less physically-abled. As of 31 December 2021, CDL has 

one wheelchair-bound employee who has been with the 

company for 13 years.





Racial Diversity

383

Chinese

94%

25

Other

6%

94%

6%

Total

408



Anti-bullying and Anti-harassment



 



The CDL Workplace Anti-Harassment and Anti-Bullying 

Policy communicates CDL’s stance for all employees to be 

treated with respect and dignity. No employee shall be 

subject to any physical, psychological, verbal or sexual 

abuse. Our employees should be culturally sensitive, 

tolerant and respectful towards one another at all times. 

This policy also extends to dealing with incidents involving 

external customers and stakeholders who conduct 

themselves in a manner that constitutes harassment of the 

employees, within and beyond company premises.  

In 2021, CDL had one incident of discrimination. Swift 

and thorough investigation and rectifications were taken to 

resolve the matter.

To reinforce our firm stance on anti-harassment and 

anti-bullying, a compulsory workshop on professional 

workplace boundaries was launched in January 2021 for 

all staff, including a session for management focusing on 

their roles as managers.

Fair and Competitive Remuneration



Fair and competitive remuneration attracts and retains 

talents to build strong human and organisational capital, 

enabling CDL’s continued and robust business growth. 

Aligned with internal parity and market benchmarks, our 

equitable remuneration packages are based on employees’ 

performance and their scope of work. We use a well-

structured and open annual performance appraisal system, 

which is reviewed periodically and enhanced to encourage 

two-way feedback between employees and their reporting 

officers. Our Balanced Scorecard System — built on the 

four perspectives of financial, customer, internal control, 

learning and growth — measures and aligns cross-

functional and individual employee performance to support 

CDL’s business strategies and corporate objectives.

Performance-based Appraisal and Pay Parity – 

Committed to meritocracy, CDL’s compensation and rewards 

policies are performance-based. Employees are assessed 

not only on their achievements but also on how the outcomes 

were achieved. While CDL’s workforce is predominantly 

female, we acknowledge that a fair and inclusive 

workplace is also one where employees are remunerated 

equally for the same role, regardless of gender.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

9 5

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 



&amp; Inclusive Business Environment





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration


DETERMINED TO CREATE 

A FAIR, SAFE &amp; INCLUSIVE BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT



Competitive Remuneration – Remuneration is 

recommended by the HR Department and approved by the 

Remuneration Committee which comprises members from 

the CDL Board of Directors. Salary benchmarks against 

market surveys are conducted to ensure the relevancy of 

CDL’s salaries with the industry and overall market. On a 

biennial basis, an external consultancy firm is engaged 

to conduct an Employee Engagement Survey to gather 

employees’ opinions and feedback, including their 

perception of CDL’s remuneration and reward system. 

ESG-linked Remuneration – The inclusion of relevant 

ESG issues within executive management goals and 

incentive schemes is an important factor in promoting 

greater recognition of and accountability in our 

sustainability practices. Since 2015, CDL has established 















Gender Pay Gap across 

Employee Categories

Mean salary of female 

employees to male 

employees (%)11

Executive

90% 

Non-management

102% (Females were 

paid higher than males)

Management

89% 



















Pay and Bonus Gap

Female to male staff 

compensation ratio (%)12

Mean gender pay gap

73% 

Median gender pay gap

79%

Mean bonus gap

83%

Median bonus gap

89%

11 Calculated as the mean salary of female staff over the mean salary of male staff. Executives: executives to Assistant Vice Presidents, and secretaries; Non-management: officer grades and below; Management: Vice Presidents and above.

12 Calculated using bonus earned in FY2020 and received in FY2021. Computation of FY2021's bonus will only be available in H1 2022.

stronger linkages between employee and executive 

remuneration and our ESG performance. Performance 

indicators that are aligned with global standards such 

as ISO 26000, ISO 14001, GRI Standards and SDGs, 

to name a few, have been incorporated in the individual 

goals-setting of all employees, including CDL’s senior 

management. In 2021, CDL stepped up on strengthening 

the links between our ESG performance with the Executive 

Committee (ExCo) members’ remuneration. With HODs 

reporting to the respective ExCo members, the ESG KPIs 

will cascade down to every level in our organisation.   

Respect for Collective Bargaining Rights – CDL 

respects all employees’ fundamental rights to freedom of 

association and the right to be members of trade unions. 

Although CDL is not a unionised company, we are guided 

by the Industrial Relations Act which allows trade unions to 

represent our employees for collective bargaining, providing 

our employees with an avenue to seek redress for disputes.

Our key subsidiaries Millennium &amp; Copthorne Hotels 

Limited (M&amp;C), CBM Pte Ltd and The Tower Club have 

staff who are trade union members, providing them with a 

channel for collective bargaining.

Benefits and Welfare



We care for our employees through comprehensive 

welfare and benefits schemes, including, but not limited 

to, insurance coverage, medical and dental benefits for 

our full-time employees. Part-time employees also enjoy 

similar benefits on either a full or pro-rated basis, thereby 

promoting a conducive environment should employees 

decide to take on part-time arrangements to cope with their 

personal needs.

Pro-family Benefits – We provide benefits and adopt 

welfare practices in line with the Singapore Government’s 

pro-family legislation. Mothers and fathers whose children 

are Singapore citizens at birth enjoy paid maternity leave 

of 16 weeks, as per legislation, and four weeks of paternity 

leave (two weeks above legislation) respectively. CDL 

also provides eligible employees with childcare leave and 

extended childcare leave. Male employees are entitled to 

shared parental leave where they can choose to share up 

to four weeks of the 16 weeks of maternity leave, subject 

to the agreement of the mother, if the mother qualifies for 

Government-Paid Maternity Leave.

CDL also provides employees with Family Event Leave of 

three days where employees may utilise the leave to care 

for their family members who are ill, attend family-related 

activities, celebrate one’s birthday or to care for their pet.

In 2021, nine eligible female CDL employees utilised their 

maternity benefits and returned to work after their maternity 

leave. Eight eligible male employees utilised their paternity 

leave benefits.

78 CDL employees (31 male, 47 female) with at least one 

Singapore Citizen child under the age of seven were each 

entitled to six days of paid childcare leave in 2021. In 

addition, 47 employees (18 male, 29 female) with at least 

one Singapore Citizen child aged seven to 12 years were 

each entitled to two days of paid extended childcare leave.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

9 6

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 



&amp; Inclusive Business Environment





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration


DETERMINED TO CREATE 

A FAIR, SAFE &amp; INCLUSIVE BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT





Supporting Employees’ Health  

and Wellness

• Distribution of washable and reusable face masks, 

hand sanitisers and disinfection wipes to staff

• Advising unwell staff to visit the doctor and 

remain at home 

• Older employees, pregnant employees and 

employees who have underlying medical conditions  

are encouraged to WFH as far as possible

• Frequent email reminders on observing 

good personal hygiene at home and work, 

maintaining healthy eating and exercise habits

• Employees who require emotional support can tap 

on CDL’s Employee Assistance Programme (EAP), 

which provides support for issues concerning work, 

family matters, and interpersonal relationships. 

Employees can be assured of confidentiality 

when they call the EAP hotline, which is manned 

by a third-party psychologist.

Flexible Work Arrangements – Prior to the onset of 

COVID-19, CDL had already implemented four flexible 

work arrangements for employees, subject to mutual 

agreement with the HODs. They provide support for 

employees who need to manage work responsibilities 

alongside personal commitments. 

• Flexi Time

o Flexible Start and End Times – employees can opt  

to start work earlier or later than the official  

working hours.  

o Flexible Lunch Hours – employees can go for a one-

hour lunch break between 12.00pm-2.00pm.

Training and Development 



The functional competencies within the Competency 

Framework were recently reviewed in 2020. This ensures 

that functional competencies reflect current business needs 

and helps to raise our employees’ learning and development 

capacity, yielding a capable and more agile workforce.

All employees must attend the CDL Onboarding 

Programme, which aims to induct and integrate new hires 

into the organisational culture. 

Training Hours and Investments – Talent development 

is key in retaining and attracting top talent and growing a 

skilled workforce. In 2021, CDL invested over $480,000 

into training and development for our Corporate Office 

staff, with over 14,000 training hours clocked. An average 

of five training days per staff was achieved.

To engage and empower internal stakeholders with 

knowledge to support corporate advocacy efforts for a 

“Safe and Green” culture, CDL provides sustainability-

related training through EHS training and awareness 

programmes. The CDL360 Sustainability 101 Series 

was launched in 2021 to create greater awareness and 

understanding of the company’s green initiatives and how 

to adopt more sustainable practices at home. Staff are 

also encouraged to attend relevant external conferences 

and workshops to strengthen their sustainability knowledge 

and EHS management skills. This includes a mandatory 

annual refresher of sustainability-related policies every 

year, including CDL’s Corporate EHS Policy and CDL’s 

Biodiversity Policy etc. In 2021, 100% of CDL’s employees 

received sustainability-related training. 

To continue to build up human capital and engage our 

employees during WFH measures, CDL launched several 

company-wide online training programmes. Throughout 

• Flexi Place

o Telecommuting – Employees can work at alternate 

work locations, for up to two days a month, on a 

fixed schedule once every two weeks. 

• Flexi Load

o Part-time Work – Full-time employees can convert 

to working part-time and enjoy similar benefits as 

full-time employees on a full or pro-rated basis. 

In 2021, two employees worked on a part-time 

arrangement.

During the evolving COVID-19 situation in Singapore, 

to maintain a safe and healthy workplace environment, 

CDL closely monitored and complied with the Singapore 

government’s advisories on COVID-19 measures and 

provided timely updates to our workforce. Most of our 

workforce was under WFH arrangements or split team 

arrangements throughout 2021. 

Flexible Benefits Scheme – CDL provides the Flexible 

Benefits Scheme for all regular and contract employees, 

affording them the flexibility to explore a range of health 

and wellness options covered under the company’s health 

insurance plan and select the ones that best suit their health 

needs and stage of life. 

Pension Scheme and Contributions – In Singapore, 

the Central Provident Fund (CPF) is a comprehensive 

social security savings plan introduced by the Singapore 

government to enforce savings by salaried workers, 

including Permanent Residents, for a more secure 

retirement. CPF funds can be used in several schemes 

including retirement, healthcare, housing and investment. 

Under the CPF scheme, CDL and our staff make monthly 

contributions to their individual CPF accounts in accordance 

with Singapore’s statutory requirements. CDL also adheres 

to the respective social security contributions or pension 

plan obligations of the countries we operate in.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

9 7

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 



&amp; Inclusive Business Environment





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration


DETERMINED TO CREATE 

A FAIR, SAFE &amp; INCLUSIVE BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT



the year, these online workshops included project 

management, big data and data analytics, sustainability, 

occupational health and safety, mindfulness, and the 

cultivation of healthy lifestyles.

Employee Training Hours 





































Employee  

Type

No. of 

Employees

Total 

Training 

Hours

Average 

Training Hours/

Employee

Female

281

9,324

33.2

Male

127

5,089

40.0

Manager

264

11,284

42.7

Non-Manager

144

3,129

21.7



Engaging Staff on Sustainability

CDL360 Sustainability 101 Series

The CDL360 Sustainability 101 Series engages CDL 

staff on global sustainability trends and practices. 

The first part of the series spotlighted environmental 

sustainability and delved into CDL’s greenhouse 

gases (GHG) emissions and how these relate to 

our business operations. Part two and three of the 

series were held in conjunction with NEA’s “Say 

Yes to Waste Less” campaign, where staff were 

encouraged to limit single-use plastics and food 

waste through positive behavioural change tips.  

Celebrating World Water Day

To commemorate World Water Day on 22 March 

2021, CDL launched a quiz on valuing water for all 

CDL staff, our subsidiaries and tenants in partnership 

with PUB. World Water Day is designated by the UN 

to emphasise the importance of water conservation 

and to support the achievement of UN SDG 6 

(Clean Water and Sanitation). 

Leadership Development and Succession 

Planning – Through the structured CDL Leadership 

Programme, we develop high-potential employees by 

sharpening their leadership and management skills to 

enable them to become more effective leaders.

To help our staff achieve personal development and career 

growth, CDL implements a well-designed job rotation 

programme to enhance employees’ competencies, as 

well as to increase job satisfaction through job variation. 

Structured talent deployment within CDL is part of HR 

planning, and it plays a major role in the following areas:

• Career Development

 

By providing employees with exposure to the various 

business operations or by expanding their skills and 

knowledge, employees can build both breadth and 

depth of experience and learning. Hence, maximising 

their potential and enabling them to be more well-

rounded in their careers in CDL.

• Talent Retention

 

Developing a robust talent pool is crucial to 

strengthening CDL’s position as a leading property 

developer. Leadership and functional training 

programmes are organised annually to broaden skill 

sets, enhance engagement and ensure a productive 

talent pool.

Management Trainee Programme – The 18-month 

Management Trainee Programme provides opportunities 

for promising young graduates to learn about CDL’s various 

departments and operations, through a series of rotations 

at departments, with the potential for further leadership 

roles in the organisation. The programme structure also 

allows Management Trainees to participate in additional 

special projects or overseas assignments to enhance their 

career development. 

Education Sponsorships and Scholarships –  

CDL sponsors part-time courses relevant to the employee’s work, 

conducted locally by recognised institutions and universities. 

In 2021, we sponsored two employees for a Master’s 

degree and one employee for a Postgraduate Diploma.

Internships – CDL partners with local tertiary education 

institutions to offer internship opportunities for students 

interested in the property industry. In 2021, there were 16 

interns assigned to various departments in CDL.

Political Contributions – Under our Anti-Corruption 

Policy, CDL takes a firm stance against using the Company’s 

resources to make donations to political parties and political 

associations, or candidates and/or election agents in a 

parliamentary or presidential election. Additionally, employees 

who intend to be involved in any political party are required 

to declare and seek top management’s approval. 

In 2021, as with previous years, CDL made zero direct and 

indirect political contributions using the Company’s resources.

Shaping an Innovation Culture – CDL’s Enterprise 

Innovation Committee (EIC) plays an active role in shaping the 

organisational culture to raise staff capability, promote cross-

departmental collaboration, and tap on invaluable expertise 

to accelerate our innovation journey. For details, please refer 

to “Driving Innovation and Digital Transformation”.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

9 8

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 



&amp; Inclusive Business Environment





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration








DEVELOPING

SUSTAINABLE 

COMMUNITIES










OUTPUTS



VALUE 



CREATED



CONTRIBUTING 



 



TO SDGS





INPUTS





ACTIVITIES













DEVELOPING 

SUSTAINABLE COMMUNITIES











Community 

Investments

Singapore 

Sustainability 

Academy

CDL Green Gallery

Incubator For SDGs

My Tree House, 

Green Library for Kids

















Climate Action 

and Environmental 

Conservation

Youth and Women 

Empowerment

Arts Development

Charity Initiatives

Community 

Engagement

Thought Leadership 

and Capacity Building

Employee 

Volunteerism

Impact Investing











3P Partnerships 

Environmental and 

Community Impact

Enhanced Awareness 

Adoption of  

ESG Practices

Impact Innovation







Behavioural Change

Organisational 

Reputation 

Goodwill and Trust

SOCIAL AND

RELATIONSHIP

CAPITAL



C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

100

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Developing Sustainable 



Communities 





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




COMMUNITY INVESTMENTS



Activating Greater Collaborations



In our 2021 materiality assessment study, “Stakeholder 

Impact and Partnerships” rose in ranking amongst all 

ESG issues. This reflects stakeholders’ greater concern 

about CDL’s contribution to benefit the society and the 

communities we live in. This has re-affirmed our belief that 

building a sustainable future requires the collaboration of a 

larger ecosystem, and that corporates play a critical role in 

tackling climate, social and community issues.

Despite the restrictions posed by COVID-19, CDL continued 

to step up our community engagement efforts in 2021. 

This includes working with partners to share sustainability 

knowledge and leveraging these partnerships to generate a 

multiplier effect on our outreach and positive impact. We 

utilised digital media platforms or hybrid events to further 

our thought leadership and advocacy on climate action, 

sustainable development, education, and innovation, in 

pursuit of shared goals. 

Some of CDL’s key focus areas include:

• Thought Leadership on Climate Action and Sustainable 

Development 

• Women Empowerment

• Youth Engagement and Development

• Community Education and Outreach

• Charity Initiatives

In line with good governance, CDL exercises due diligence 

in evaluating every request for donation, sponsorship, 

or partnership. We assess the track record, quality of 

management, and organisational governance of charities 

and community partners. For accountability, all charities and 

community partners are required to report on the social and 

The Singapore Sustainability Academy



In 2021, one of our key material issues is “Stakeholder 

Impact and Partnerships”. It is not tenable for either the 

government, businesses, or individuals to achieve progress 

on global sustainability goals on their own. Collaboration 

through engaging, educating and empowering communities 

is pivotal for a more climate-resilient future. 

Designed and built by CDL with industry partners in 2017, 

the Singapore Sustainability Academy (SSA) is the first 

ground-up initiative and zero-energy facility in Singapore 

dedicated to capacity building and thought leadership 

for climate action. The SSA is an extensive partnership 

environmental impact of their programmes, as well as the 

use of funds and resources contributed by CDL.

DEVELOPING 

SUSTAINABLE COMMUNITIES



6-year-old Kimberlyn Chia in her winning video 

submission for “We Love Our Planet” Storytelling 

Contest 2021, an environment-themed contest 

organised by CDL and the National Library Board. 

She was featured in a video produced by CDL and 

award-winning animator, Ang Qing Sheng, titled 

“We Love Our Planet – Voices of Our Children 2021”.



involving six government agencies and 15 industry and 

NGO partners. 

A hub for networking and the collective achievement of 

the UN SDGs, the SSA provides a platform for industries, 

youths and the community to share knowledge and work 

on partnerships to actualise the goals outlined in the 

Singapore Green Plan 2030, in addition to the country’s 

commitments under the Paris Agreement.

Due to COVID-19, the SSA has gone virtual since April 

2020. This allowed us to continue promoting sustainable 

practices and lifestyle through various workshops and 

forums, open to Singapore and beyond. In 2021, both 

hybrid and virtual SSA programmes reached out to 

thousands of local and international participants. 



 In addition to using sustainably sourced materials certified by Nature’s 

Barcode™, the SSA features 3,200 square feet of solar PV panels on its roof, 

generating 60,000 kWh per year to more than fully power the academy.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

101

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Developing Sustainable 



Communities 





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




























&gt; 100 partners 

(including government agencies, industry, 

businesses and NGOs)

















&gt; 630 events and  

trainings conducted 

(Approximately 3 events per week in 2021)













Close to 22,300 attendees

DEVELOPING 

SUSTAINABLE COMMUNITIES

SSA’S OUTREACH AT A GLANCE



 



(June 2017 – December 2021)











Six Supporting Government Agencies



15 Founding Partners



Growing International Partners







C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

102

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Developing Sustainable 



Communities 





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




Thought Leadership on Climate Action and Sustainable Development











Key Initiatives

Outcomes and Impact

COP26: WAVING THE SINGAPORE FLAG ON THE GLOBAL STAGE, 12 NOVEMBER 2021

Deemed “a decisive moment in the fight against climate change”, the 26th 

Conference of the Parties (COP26) was an international climate change 

conference attended by heads of state, climate experts and sustainability 

thought leaders alike. From developing carbon markets to cutting planet-

warming methane to pledges on ending deforestation, the two-week long 

COP26 event created a foundation for stronger global climate action across 

many fronts.

CDL was the only Singaporean private sector company present and was 

represented by CDL Chief Sustainability Officer Ms Esther An, who shared 

her insights as a speaker at the #BuildingsPavilion Live Morning Coffee 

Talk and was also a panellist on three other discussion platforms. A key 

highlight was the mainstage panel on “Built Environment Leaders - Leading 

Collaborative Action in the Built Environment” presented by the United 

Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC).

DEVELOPING 

SUSTAINABLE COMMUNITIES

INTERNATIONAL AND LOCAL 3P PARTNERSHIPS AND THOUGHT LEADERSHIP INITIATIVES IN 2021



Full details of our activities can be found on www.cdlsustainability.com.

 COP26 Built Environment Leadership Panel: Multinational panelists, including CDL Chief Sustainability Officer Ms Esther An, shared 

insights into their country’s challenges and opportunities in the real estate sector caused by climate change.





Key Initiatives

Outcomes and Impact

COP26 Built Environment Panel 

Speakers:

Diane Hoskins, Co-CEO, Gensler

Andreas Berger, CEO, Corporate Solutions 

SwissRE

Ayaan Adam, CEO, Africa Finance 

Corporation Capital

Esther An, Chief Sustainability Officer, CDL

Maria Ascension Baz Lorenzo, SACYR

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

103

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Developing Sustainable 



Communities 





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DEVELOPING 

SUSTAINABLE COMMUNITIES



































Key Initiatives

Outcomes and Impact

World Cities Summit 2021

CDL presented two specially-curated panel sessions for World Cities Summit 2021 in June 2021.

The first panel session, titled “Smart &amp; Sustainable Cities – Innovative Startups”, was enjoyed by more than 640 virtual attendees. CDL 

showcased seven local innovators whose technologies and solutions aim to help drive changes in the construction, renewable energy, food 

security, circularity and waste management sectors.

Watch the recording here

Titled “Smart and Sustainable Cities – Global Strategies”, the second panel session featured four international experts in green buildings, smart 

cities and carbon management who shared insights on the global race to a net zero carbon future, strategies that worked, and how to build 

smarter and more sustainable cities for greater climate and social resilience.

Watch the recording here

Speaking Engagements by CDL Chief 

Sustainability Officer

CDL is often invited to share our two-decade strong business case of ESG integration. In 2021, CDL’s Chief Sustainability Officer Ms Esther An, 

spoke at more than 120 local and international platforms, covering topics such as strategic UN SDG integration, moving towards a net zero 

carbon future, green building and future cities, sustainability reporting, ESG investing and green financing, and more.

Number of engagements:

Singapore: 72

International: 42

Academia: 10

Virtual Singapore Sustainability Academy:

The Future of Sustainability Reporting 

Webinar 3-Part Series

The Future of Sustainability Reporting 3-part series was held across 2021, and was attended by more than 1,000 attendees from 25 countries, 

including China, the US, Denmark and Nigeria. All three sessions focused on different areas key to advancing a business’s sustainability reporting. 

The first webinar of the series covered key topics and global trends on ESG disclosure. In the second webinar, the session focused on challenges 

and opportunities for SME reporters and the expert panel shared tips for SMEs that are beginning their sustainability reporting journey or aiming 

to take it to the next level. Lastly, the third webinar featured three prominent ESG investing experts who shared their insights and advice on the 

rising expectations of investors on corporate sustainability performance and reporting. 

Part 1: Watch the recording here

Part 2: Watch the recording here

Part 3: Watch the recording here 

Stakeholder Engagement on Sustainability 

and Green Buildings 

CDL actively engages stakeholders along our value chain to encourage more sustainable practices. This includes engaging tenants and 

homebuyers through initiatives such as our Green Lease Partnership Programme and Green Living Guide, and raising supplier awareness 

through a Supplier Code of Conduct and CDL’s 5-Star EHS Seminar. Please refer to “Decarbonising Towards Net Zero” for more information.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

104

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Developing Sustainable 



Communities 





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DEVELOPING 

SUSTAINABLE COMMUNITIES

Women Empowerment



























Key Initiatives

Outcomes and Impact

CELEBRATING WOMEN CHAMPIONS IN SUSTAINABILITY, 10 MARCH 2021

CDL’s Virtual SSA and Women4Green Network celebrated International 

Women’s Day and its theme #ChooseToChallenge with our first hybrid event 

since the start of COVID-19. The panel, moderated by CDL Chief Sustainability 

Officer, Ms Esther An, featured the following women champions: 

• Ms Patricia Torres, Global Head of Sustainable Finance Solutions, 

Bloomberg (streamed in live)

• Ms Trina Liang, Managing Director, Templebridge Investments and  

Past-President, Singapore Committee for UN Women

• Ms Chitra Hepburn, Head of APAC ESG Client Coverage, MSCI

• Ms Wong Su Yen, Global Board Director, Professional Speaker, 

Chairperson, Singapore Institute of Directors and Founder &amp; CEO, 

Bronze Phoenix Pte Ltd

Titled 'Women Champions in Sustainability', this session explored the Bloomberg 

Gender-Equality Index and the journeys of three C-suite women as they 

#ChooseToChallenge norms and barriers in building a greener future for all. 

Watch the recording here.

Women4Green –  

Nurturing Women Eco Champions

Initiated by CDL in June 2017, the Women4Green network aims to empower female executives to adopt and champion a sustainable lifestyle 

and practices at work, home and play. The initiative supports SDG 5: Gender Equality and  SDG 13: Climate Action. Past engagement initiatives 

and events covered themes like sustainable diet, fashion and jewellery.

Our Virtual SSA platform and Women4Green Network organised hybrid sessions in 2021 on topics such as women leaders in sustainability and 

sustainable fashion. 

Breast Cancer Foundation’s 'Ride With Me' 

Charity Cycling Campaign

The 'Ride With Me' Charity Cycling Campaign by Breast Cancer Foundation aims to encourage mental wellness in breast cancer patients. 

Through cycling at their own time, participants show their support for breast cancer patients by ‘riding’ the same journey with them.  

This initiative aligns with SDG 3: Good Health and Well-being, as well as CDL’s commitment to empowering women. Through our $4,000 

contribution, the Foundation exceeded their target of $10,000.





Key Initiatives

Outcomes and Impact

 Women champions from left to right: Ms Trina Liang, Ms Esther An, Ms Chitra Hepburn and Ms Wong Su Yen.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

105

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Developing Sustainable 



Communities 





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DEVELOPING 

SUSTAINABLE COMMUNITIES

Youth Engagement and Development

































Key Initiatives

Outcomes and Impact

TURNING ANXIETY INTO ACTION – KEEP CALM AND LOVE OUR PLANET CAMPAIGN, NOVEMBER 2021 TO 2022

CDL E-Generation Challenge 2021

The CDL E-Generation Challenge is an annual youth competition that was launched in 2010, as an amazing race. In 2017, the Challenge 

was revamped and youths were invited to contribute ideas and action plans on climate action. Past winners went on environmental expeditions 

to Antarctica, the Arctic and Rajah Ampat, and shared their firsthand experiences on climate change and marine pollution with the youth 

community. 2021’s challenge focused on the impact of global deforestation and the importance of protecting biodiversity in Singapore and Asia.

CDL Young SDG Leaders Fund – 

Supporting Local and Overseas Youth 

Development Programmes

For more than two decades, CDL has been actively supporting youth development through direct sponsorships and mentorships. These include 

the CDL Young SDG Leaders Fund, which has supported close to 100 student-led overseas community investment programmes and approximately 

4,100 students since 2014. Due to COVID-19, most local and overseas community service projects were suspended. In 2021, the Fund 

supported two projects and 40 students.

Eco-Business Youth A List

Launched by Eco-Business since 2020, the Youth A List recognises the exemplary work of individuals under the age of 30 which helps to advance 

environmental and social sustainability in Asia Pacific. CDL is proud to support the recognition of talented young sustainability practitioners 

working in public and private sectors and civic society.

Virtual SSA  

– Youth4Climate Global Conversations #4, 

28 January 2021

A continuation from 2020’s Youth4Climate Global Conversations series, the fourth session spotlighted four eco champions from Hong Kong, one 

of the first Asian countries to make a bold pledge towards net zero.

 

Watch the recording here

A collaboration with Singapore Youth for Climate Action 

(SYCA), the “Keep Calm and Love Our Planet” campaign is 

a series of programmes and initiatives to rally youths from all 

over the world who attended COP26 to support our vision of 

“Turning Climate Anxiety into Positive Action”.  

The first part of the series comprised a hybrid panel session 

named “Keep Calm and Love Our Planet” held at COP26 on 

10 November 2021. In the second part of the series, youth 

attendees of COP26 shared candid thoughts on eco-anxiety 

via a specially-curated video. This video was launched on 21 

January 2022, to complement a panel discussion “Turning 

Anxiety into Action”, held as part of CDL’s Youth4Climate Global Conversations with Young Champions series. British High Commissioner to Singapore, Her Excellency Ms Kara Owen and 

Member of Parliament, Mr Louis Ng also delivered speeches at the event, supporting the voices of youths in driving climate action. Attendees enjoyed an insightful panel discussion with the 

National Youth Council CEO, Mr David Chua, and young climate champions, from Singapore and abroad.

Watch the video here









Key Initiatives

Outcomes and Impact

 Youths who were featured in CDLxSYCA’s “Keep Calm and Love Our Planet” video, a campaign to use the voices of youths to “Turn Climate Anxiety into 

Positive Action”. 

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

106

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Developing Sustainable 



Communities 





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DEVELOPING 

SUSTAINABLE COMMUNITIES







































Key Initiatives

Outcomes and Impact

Nurturing Future Sustainability Leaders  

via Education

To equip the next generation, CDL believes in actively sharing our business case for sustainability integration as inspiration to shape future 

sustainability leaders. In 2021, CDL’s Senior Management was invited to deliver lectures to local and overseas students, such as University of St. 

Gallen, Singapore Management University, Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy, ESSEC Business School, Hong Kong University, the ASEAN 

Youth Organisation, Northeastern University and Singapore University of Social Sciences.

CDL-GCNS Young SDG Leaders Award 2021

Launched in 2011, this annual business case competition seeks to empower and cultivate youths to become future sustainability champions, by 

equipping them with the skills and know-how to integrate SDGs into business strategy and operations. From inauguration, it has attracted the 

participation of more than 2,500 youths from institutes of higher learning.

Into its 11th year, 2021’s topic was “Taking Action for SDG 13 (Climate Action) in the New Normal”. Ten finalist teams had the opportunity to 

undergo a work attachment with their assigned case company, in preparation for their final presentations. The top three winning teams were 

crowned at GCNS Virtual Summit 2021.

My Tree House – 

World’s First Green Library for Kids 

Initiated by CDL in conjunction with National Library Board (NLB) in 2013, My Tree House is the world’s first green library for children and was 

created to encourage and facilitate environmental literacy and love for nature amongst younger generations. In 2021, around 85,000 people 

visited My Tree House and borrowed approximately 504,000 books. Close to 480 participants took part in 12 library programmes, including 

the “We Love Our Planet” Storytelling Contest and Virtual SSA Storytime @ My Tree House, in collaboration with CDL.

In the lead up to World Environment Day 2021 on 5 June 2021, CDL and NLB jointly organised the second edition of the storytelling contest. 

The annual contest promoted family bonding, as well as encouraged participants to take action to protect the planet. The best entries and a 

selection of passionate submissions from the contest were curated in a video titled “We Love Our Planet – Voices of Our Children 2021”.

Virtual SSA  

– Storytelling @ My Tree House,  

4 June 2021

In celebration of World Environment Day on 5 June 2021, CDL’s Virtual SSA and NLB presented the second edition of Storytelling @ My Tree 

House. Parents and their children learned the benefits of storytelling and received tips on being an engaging storyteller. 

Watch the recording here

Virtual SSA  

– Storytelling and Activities with Tembusu 

CSR, 23 October 2021

In celebration of Children’s Day, CDL partnered with Tembusu CSR on a fun-filled storytelling and activities session. Led by Tembusu CSR’s 

educators, this interactive session taught over 200 children and their families how to reduce plastic waste in their everyday lives.

Watch the recording here

Youth4Climate Concert 2021

The Youth4Climate Festival is one of CDL’s flagship programmes in support of youth empowerment, social good and the UN SDGs. Initiated in 

2018 in partnership with the Ministry of Sustainability and the Environment (MSE), NEA, NParks and ActiveSG, the festival provides Singapore’s 

youths with a platform to express their passion for the environment and green wishes for the future. 

Due to COVID-19, this annual festival continued to be conducted as an online concert. With over 3,400 views on our CDL Sustainability 

Facebook page, it featured seven climate-themed acts that reflect youths’ concerns and aspirations for the future of our planet. In support of 

MSE’s Climate Action Week, the Youth4Climate Concert 2021 served as a finale to the action-packed week rallying people and communities to 

drive change. It also continued to rally support for social causes through the 2021 President’s Challenge, with CDL matching every unique share 

of the Facebook post with a pledge of $10 to the President’s Challenge.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

107

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Developing Sustainable 



Communities 





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DEVELOPING 

SUSTAINABLE COMMUNITIES

Community Education &amp; Outreach















Key Initiatives

Outcomes and Impact

“CHANGE THE PRESENT, SAVE THE FUTURE” CLIMATE ACTION EXHIBITION, 15 JULY 2021 TO MARCH 2022

Singapore Sustainability Academy (SSA)  

– Hosted 180 events and trainings in 2021

Designed and built by CDL in 2017, the SSA is the first ground-up initiative and zero-energy facility in Singapore dedicated to advocacy, thought 

leadership, collaboration, and capacity building for climate action and green causes, involving an extensive partnership with six government 

agencies and 15 founding industry and NGO partners. 

Since its opening on 5 June 2017 till the end of 2021, the SSA has hosted more than 630 sustainability-related training programmes and 

advocacy events, attracting close to 22,300 attendees. In 2021, despite restrictions posed by COVID-19, the SSA has continued promoting 

sustainable lifestyle practices through various virtual workshops. Under the Virtual SSA platform, we hosted a series of sustainability-related talks 

and sessions that were free and open to the public. It has provided the SSA with great opportunities to expand outreach beyond our shores. All 

recordings of our Virtual SSA sessions are posted on the CDL Sustainability YouTube channel.

For more information on SSA events, click here.

In July 2021, in partnership with NParks, CDL launched “Change 

the Present, Save the Future”, an exhibition on building climate 

resilience through global collaboration. Held in support of MSE's 

Climate Action Week 2021, the exhibition ran from 15 July 2021 

to March 2022 at the CDL Green Gallery and called for action to 

support both global and national climate efforts.

Leveraging contactless interactive displays, the exhibition took 

visitors across four zones:

1. Building Climate Resilience Through Global Collaboration

2. Building A City in Nature

3. Advancing A Low-Carbon and Resilient Built Environment

4. Global Action Beyond Borders and Sectors

Officially launched by Ms Grace Fu, Minister for Sustainability and the Environment of Singapore, the opening ceremony was accompanied by a high-level panel discussion on the topic 

“Building a Sustainable Future – Collaboration Beyond Borders and Sectors”. Minister Grace Fu, who shared further details on the Singapore Green Plan 2030, was joined by distinguished 

panellists Ms Lynn McDonald, High Commissioner of Canada to Singapore; Mr R Raghunathan, World Wide Fund for Nature Singapore Chief Executive Officer; and Mr Max Loh, Singapore 

and Brunei Managing Partner, EY ASEAN IPO Leader, Ernst &amp; Young. Ms Esther An, CDL Chief Sustainability Officer was the moderator for the panel discussion.







Key Initiatives

Outcomes and Impact

 The Climate Action Exhibition features contactless interactive displays showcasing various facts about climate change, calling for action to support global 

and national climate efforts.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

108

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Developing Sustainable 



Communities 





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DEVELOPING 

SUSTAINABLE COMMUNITIES



























Key Initiatives

Outcomes and Impact

Green Is The New Black Conscious Festival, 

24-26 September 2021

The Conscious Festival is a festive event by lifestyle media and events platform Green Is The New Black, focusing on sustainable living,  

transport, energy, and more. In 2021, the hybrid three-day event was held physically in Paris, Singapore and London, as well as virtually for the 

rest of the world.

CDL was a venue partner for its Singapore pop-up, hosting the event at the SSA. CDL Chief Sustainability Officer Ms Esther An spoke on gender 

diversity and women’s empowerment at one of the festival’s talks, themed “Sustainability through the Female Lens”.

CDL Sculpture Award 2021

A firm supporter of the arts, CDL has been contributing significantly to the Singapore arts scene for more than a decade. The CDL Singapore 

Sculpture Award is an extension of our patronage of the development of arts and youth in Singapore. Initiated by CDL in 2002, the biennial 

Award is now into its 10th year.

Themed “Turning Waste to Art”, the 7th CDL Singapore Sculpture Award draws inspiration from the concept of the circular economy, SDG 11: 

Sustainable Cities and Communities and SDG 12: Responsible Consumption and Production. The Award challenges artists to turn residual waste 

into a sculpture that reflects a nation that is progressive, forward-looking and sustainable. In celebration of Singapore Art Week in January 

2022, CDL unveiled two winning commissioned sculptures, made from construction waste from CDL’s construction sites. They were inspired by 

Malay heritage and titled "Cycle" and "Traditional Wisdom". Completed in December 2021, the sculptures are housed at Wisma Geylang 

Serai, a cultural heritage integrated hub that promotes arts, culture and cohesiveness. 

Incubator For SDGs

In support of social enterprises with purposes that are aligned with one or more UN SDGs, the Incubator For SDGs is an initiative by CDL in 

partnership with UNDP, Singapore Centre for Social Enterprise (raiSE), and Social Collider. In 2021, CDL sought the second intake of impact-

driven businesses with our new partner Global Green Economic Forum, an impact investing accelerator. Located at the basement of Republic Plaza, 

Incubator For SDGs provides rent-free workspaces for selected social enterprises, start-ups and scale-ups for a year. These companies will also be 

able to tap into an extensive network of management experts to help them scale up and reach out to potential investors and markets. In alignment 

with CDL’s low-carbon vision, 70% of the fitting out materials at the workspaces were made from sustainable sources or recycled materials.

Learning Space@Limbang and  

WeCare @North West – Service Weeks

Since 2017, CDL and North West Community Development Council (NWCDC) partnered to set up a conducive learning space at the Limbang 

Park Residents’ Committee Centre for students from low-income households in the vicinity. Besides providing library books and recreational 

games at the centre, CDL’s staff volunteers impart character-building lessons to children from underprivileged families. The learning space had a 

total outreach of 530 young children and youths from January to March 2020, before the start of Circuit Breaker.

In 2021, CDL participated in NWCDC’s annual WeCare @ NWCDC - Service Weeks initiative for the 6th consecutive year to distribute festive 

packs to some 270 needy households living in public rental units in Limbang. In addition, CDL topped up the festive packs with daily necessities  

such as shampoo, body wash, soap, toothbrush and toothpaste.

In end-2021, CDL also championed two meaningful initiatives, a Grant-A-Wish programme to fulfil festive wishes of children living in Limbang, 

as well as a Gift-A-Voucher initiative to encourage donations of $20 grocery vouchers for all residents of rental units in Limbang.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

109

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Developing Sustainable 



Communities 





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




DEVELOPING 

SUSTAINABLE COMMUNITIES





















Key Initiatives

Outcomes and Impact

Supporting Trees of the World,  

December 2021

CDL celebrated the holiday season by sponsoring 10 trees at the Singapore Botanic Gardens’ Trees of the World 2021 display. Led by  

NParks, the Trees of the World display is a collaboration with the community to bring festive cheer to the public and raise funds for the 

Singapore Botanic Gardens.

All proceeds went towards the “Give to the Gardens” programme. Initiated in 2016, this programme supports the Garden’s work as a 

prominent botanical institution and contributes to the conservation of Singapore’s local and regional flora while inspiring a love for nature and 

environmental protection amongst the community.

Sustainable Fashion 2.0:  

Greening Our Wardrobe,  

20 November 2021

CDL partnered with The Fashion Pulpit to launch Sustainable Fashion 2.0: Greening Our Wardrobe. Featuring an upcycled fashion runway with 

green advocates, children and canine friends, the initiative took a closer peek at the environmental impact of consumer patterns and the global 

fashion industry. Encompassing four components – fashion runway, survey, talk show and exhibition, this initiative ran across both physical and 

digital platforms until March 2022.

Watch the recording here

Virtual SSA  

– The Art and Science of Circularity,  

22 April 2021

CDL celebrated Earth Day 2021 with the first session of Virtual SSA’s The Art and Science of Circularity series featuring three local eco innovators 

who discussed their exciting journeys in advocating for upcycling and combating ocean pollution.

Watch the recording here

Charity Initiatives























Key Initiatives

Outcomes and Impact

Arc Children’s Centre

CDL has been a founding corporate supporter of Arc Children’s Centre since its inception in 2011. The centre aims to be a sanctuary for children 

with cancer and other life-threatening illnesses, and families in its care.

In December 2021, CDL’s City Sunshine Club volunteers brought festive joy to the children during Christmas. The hybrid format included 

painting, storytelling and festive goodie distribution for the children and their families.

Assisi Hospice

A long-standing partner of the Assisi Hospice since 1999, CDL raised more than $113,000 for the hospice in 2021 through The CDL Challenge 

and Assisi e-Fun Day. The CDL Challenge is an in-house fundraising campaign that rallies donations from stakeholders, namely staff and business 

partners. At the Assisi e-Fun Day 2021, CDL and our hotel subsidiary, M&amp;C, raised funds through virtual stalls and provided donations-in-kind, 

including shopping, F&amp;B and hotel vouchers towards the event’s lucky draw and game prizes.

City Sunshine Club (CSC)

Since 1999, CDL’s dedicated employee-led volunteering body, CSC has been actively reaching out to the less fortunate and underprivileged, 

providing an avenue for CDL employees to serve the community. CSC organises monthly food distribution drives where CDL employees 

distribute household necessities to low-income elderly living in rental flats. During festive seasons, CSC collaborates with the NWCDC by 

distributing festive packs to families staying in one-room rental flats and organises festive celebrations for Assisi Hospice and Arc Children’s 

Centre. Notwithstanding the restrictions and strict adherence to social distancing and safety measures, our employees managed to achieve a 

participation rate of 28.9% and clocked more than 350 employee volunteer manhours in 2021.  

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

110

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Developing Sustainable 



Communities 





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration






DEVELOPING 

SUSTAINABLE COMMUNITIES

TRADE AND INDUSTRY ASSOCIATIONS



In furthering the sustainability cause at home and abroad, CDL’s Senior Management has been contributing time and expertise through their respective appointments at various industry bodies 

and civil society organisations. CDL will continue to partner with the industry and form collaborations in support of the Singapore government’s Green Plan and agenda of becoming a smart, 

sustainable and inclusive nation. 















































































































































Organisation

CDL Representation

Arc Children’s Centre

Mr Chia Ngiang Hong, Chairman

The Artground (Managed and Nurtured by The Ground Co Limited)

Ms Yiong Yim Ming, Committee Member

Asian Association for Investors in Non-listed Real Estate Vehicles

Mr Frank Khoo, Member

Asian Civilisations Museum

Mr Kwek Eik Sheng, Member, Advisory Board

Asia Pacific Real Estate Association

Ms Esther An, Board Member, Singapore Chapter; Chairperson, Sustainability &amp; ESG Committee

Mr Frank Khoo, Member

Business China

Mr Sherman Kwek, Board Member

CFO Taskforce for the SDGs

Ms Yiong Yim Ming, Member

Chinese Development Assistance Council

Mr Sherman Kwek, Member, Board of Trustees

Council for Estate Agencies

Ms Lee Mei Ling, Member, Professional Development Committee 

Enterprise Singapore

Ms Esther An, Working Group Member, Renewable Energy Certificates New Standards

Future Economic Council Urban Systems Cluster Sub-committee

Mr Chia Ngiang Hong, Chairman

Gardens by the Bay

Mr Ivan Ng, Advisory Panel Member

Global Compact Network Singapore

Ms Esther An, Member, Management Committee

Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark

Ms Esther An, Member, Asian Real Estate Benchmark Committee

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)

Ms Esther An, Member, Board of Directors; GRI ASEAN Regional Hub, Member, Advisory Group

Home Detention Advisory Committee (4)

Mr Chia Ngiang Hong, Chairman

Hong Leong Foundation

Mr Kwek Eik Sheng, Governor

iBuildSG Tripartite Committee

Mr Chia Ngiang Hong, Co-Chair

Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants

Ms Yiong Yim Ming, Council Member

Mr Frank Khoo, Member

IT Management Association of Singapore

Mr Ivan Ng, Vice President

Leadership Panel, HealthCity Novena Master Plan 2030 and Beyond, Ministry of Health

Mr Allen Ang, Panel Member

Le marché international des professionnels de l'immobilier (MIPIM)

Mr Frank Khoo, Jury Member

MAS’s Financial Centre Advisory Panel

Ms Esther An, Working Group Member, Green Finance

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

1 1 1

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Developing Sustainable 



Communities 





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration






DEVELOPING 

SUSTAINABLE COMMUNITIES























































































































Organisation

CDL Representation

Ministry of Manpower – Ministry of Health Tripartite Oversight Committee on 

Workplace Safety and Health

Mr Allen Ang, Member, Subcommittee (Workers in Business &amp; Other Workplace Clusters)

Ministry of Sustainability and the Environment – SG Eco Fund

Ms Esther An, Member, Corporate Advisory Committee

National Parks Board

Mr Allen Ang, Community-In-Bloom Ambassador

National Trades Union Congress Club

Mr Chia Ngiang Hong, Committee Member, Management Council; Chairman, Audit Committee; 

Committee Member, Finance &amp; Strategy Committee

National University of Singapore

Mr Chia Ngiang Hong, Member, Consultative Committee, Department of Real Estate; Board Member, 

Institute of Real Estate and Urban Studies; Chairman of School Advisory Committee, School of Design 

and Environment (term concluded on 30 June 2021)

Ms Esther An, Advisory Committee Member, Master of Science, Environmental Management, School of 

Design and Environment

Mr Frank Khoo, Advancement Advisory Council (SAAC) Executive Committee Member, School of 

Design and Environment

Mr Ivan Ng, Industry Advisory Committee Member, School of Computing

National Volunteer &amp; Philanthropy Centre

Ms Esther An, Member, Alliance for Action on Corporate Purpose

National Youth Council 

Ms Esther An, Advisory Committee Member, National Youth Fund

North West Community Development Council

Mr Allen Ang, Council Member; Co-chairman of Green Living Standing Committee

Raffles Place Alliance

Ms Callie Yah, Vice Chairman

Real Estate Developers’ Association of Singapore

Mr Chia Ngiang Hong, President

Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors and United Nations Environment  

Programme Finance Initiative

Ms Esther An, Member, Global Alliance for Buildings and Construction (GlobalABC) Building Passport 

Task Force 

Security ITM Tripartite Committee

Mr Chia Ngiang Hong, Member

Singapore Business Federation Council

Mr Chia Ngiang Hong, Council Member and Member of Audit Committee

Singapore Green Building Council

Mr Allen Ang, Board Member and Board Technical Lead

Mr Chia Ngiang Hong, Honorary Advisor / Past President

Ms Esther An, Board Member; Chairperson, Stakeholder Engagement and Capacity Building

Singapore Health Services

Mr Sherman Kwek, Member, SingHealth Property Committee

Singapore Institute of Directors

Ms Esther An, Vice Chair, ESG Committee

Singapore Interior Design Accreditation Council

Mr Chia Ngiang Hong, Council Member

Singapore River One

Mr Chia Ngiang Hong, Board Director

Singapore University of Social Sciences 

Ms Yiong Yim Ming, Board Member

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

112

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Developing Sustainable 



Communities 





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration






DEVELOPING 

SUSTAINABLE COMMUNITIES













































































Organisation

CDL Representation

Temasek Polytechnic

Mr Ivan Ng, Advisory Committee Member, School of Informatics and IT

Tripartite Oversight Committee on Workplace Safety &amp; Health &amp; Sub Committee 2

Mr Chia Ngiang Hong, Member and Co-chair

United Nations Development Programme

Ms Esther An, Advisor, Private Sector Advisory Group for Promoting A Fair Business Environment in 

ASEAN

United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative

Ms Esther An, Member, Property Working Group

United Nations ESCAP Sustainable Business Network

Ms Esther An, Member, Executive Council

United Nations Principles for Responsible Investment

Ms Esther An, Member, Real Estate Advisory Committee

United Nations Sustainable Stock Exchanges

Ms Esther An, Member, Green Finance Advisory Group

Urban Land Institute 

Ms Esther An, Steering Committee Member, Women's Leadership Initiative; Co-chair, Singapore 

Sustainability Product Council; Member, Greenprint

Mr Frank Khoo, Executive Committee Member, Integrated Development Council

Women4Green Network

Ms Esther An, Founder

Women in Sustainability and Environment

Ms Esther An, Advisor

World Green Building Council

Ms Esther An, Vice Chair, Corporate Advisory Board

Young Women’s Leadership Connection

Ms Esther An, Mentor, YWLC Mentorship Programme

LOOKING AHEAD



CDL is committed to adding greater purpose to our business and creating a stronger triple bottom line that will benefit the planet and people. As we scale new heights in our global partnerships 

and collaboration, CDL will continue to push the boundaries for stakeholder engagement, community outreach, and training and capacity building for sustainability professionals in Singapore 

and beyond.  

In January 2022, in partnership with Global Green Connect, we launched Sustainability Connect, a platform for sustainability practitioners by sustainability practitioners. This collaboration 

expands our focus on capacity building and aims to equip sustainability professionals with practical knowledge, allowing them to scale up their skillsets and support their employers to future-

proof their businesses. We remain firmly committed to the UN SDGs, and caring for the planet and people by sharing our economic benefits. Moving forward, building a greener, healthier and 

more resilient community where both people and businesses can prosper will remain our priority.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

113

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Developing Sustainable 



Communities 





Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




TCFD 

DISCLOSURE

CDL’s pioneering and voluntary adoption of the TCFD recommendations since 2017 provides climate-related financial information for ESG investors to 

make informed investment decisions. The findings of CDL’s 2021 materiality study revealed that “Climate Resilience” is CDL’s top material ESG issue.



















TCFD Pillar

Recommended 

Disclosure

CDL’s Approach

Addressed in Integrated 

Sustainability Report 2022

Governance

Describe the board’s 

oversight of climate-

related risks and 

opportunities.

The Board is committed to strategically integrating sustainability across key aspects of CDL’s business and advancing sustainability efforts. 

On behalf of the Board and supported by the Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO), the Board Sustainability Committee (BSC) has direct 

advisory supervision on CDL’s sustainability strategy, material ESG issues, work plans, performance targets and sustainability reporting. The 

current BSC comprises three independent directors and is chaired by Mr Sherman Kwek, CDL’s Group CEO. 

The BSC has oversight of climate-related risks, opportunities and initiatives that drive climate mitigation and adaptation strategies — these 

include the materiality assessment, Climate Change Scenario Analysis Studies and Supply Chain Risk Management Study. Apart from 

meeting biannually to review and advise on strategic climate-related issues and our low-carbon strategy and initiatives, the CSO updates 

the BSC on CDL's ESG performance and initiatives, as well as global and local ESG trends through the Quarterly Sustainability Reports and 

meetings, when necessary. 

The progress against our climate-related goals and targets is tracked regularly. Since mid-2017, we have been reporting the performance 

of the CDL Future Value 2030 sustainability blueprint through our online Quarterly Sustainability Report, in addition to the annual Integrated 

Sustainability Report (ISR). These reports are sent promptly to the BSC, the Sustainability Committee and all HODs. They are also publicly 

available on CDL’s dedicated sustainability microsite.

Dedicated to Sustainability 

Integration, pg 14

Delivering Value and Best 

Practices, pg 24

Describe management’s 

role in assessing and 

managing climate-

related risks and 

opportunities.

The CSO leads the Sustainability department and reports directly to the BSC. The sustainability portfolio engages all levels of the company’s 

operations across each operational unit. Chaired by the CSO, the Sustainability Committee is supported by an advisory committee 

comprising C-suites of all business units and the Executive Committee. The five sub-committees are led by the HODs of relevant business 

units and are accountable for CDL’s ESG performance through CDL’s remuneration and appraisal processes. Each sub-committee is 

supported by relevant management and operational staff across all departments and operational units. 

The primary responsibilities of the Sustainability Committee members are to execute climate-related strategies, monitor the performance 

of their business units in meeting CDL’s sustainability goals and targets, and track and submit their performance to the Sustainability 

department. The Sustainability Committee is informed of climate-related issues related to the business and our progress against our ESG 

goals and targets through the Quarterly Sustainability Reports, in addition to the annual ISR. 

Delivering Value and Best 

Practices, pg 14

1 

SGX mandates climate and board diversity disclosures. SGX, 15 December 2021.

In December 2021, the Singapore Exchange Regulation (SGX RegCo) announced that all issuers must provide climate reporting on a ‘comply or explain’ basis in their sustainability reports from 

FY2022 onwards. For the building sector, climate reporting based on the recommendations of the TCFD framework will become mandatory from FY2024.1 CDL is proud to be one of the first few 

companies in Singapore to have adopted TCFD reporting since 2017 and we have been consistently expanding our level of disclosure. 

This section describes how we manage climate-related risks and opportunities, with reference to the four key pillars recommended by TCFD. As one of the pioneering adopters of TCFD reporting 

in Singapore, CDL is proud to push the envelope by being the first company in Singapore to secure external assurance for our TCFD disclosures. References to CDL’s Integrated Sustainability 

Report 2022 have been made to provide further details.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

114

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• 



TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures



• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




TCFD 

DISCLOSURE









TCFD Pillar

Recommended 

Disclosure

CDL’s Approach

Addressed in Integrated 

Sustainability Report 2022

Strategy

Describe the climate-

related risks and 

opportunities the 

organisation has 

identified over the short, 

medium, and long term.

Through regular stakeholder materiality assessments conducted by an independent external consultant, we identified that regulatory 

transition risks such as carbon tax, water pricing, electricity tariffs and potentially stricter building design requirements will pose challenges 

to maintain profitability and sustain our growth. Physical risks such as extreme weather patterns can lead to stranded assets and affect the 

well-being of building occupants. Climate-proofing CDL’s buildings in line with a low-carbon future is key to our growth strategy. In 2021’s 

materiality assessment, climate resilience was the top material ESG issue for CDL.

CDL was one of four pioneering Singapore companies to adopt TCFD’s classification of climate-related risks and opportunities since 2017, 

which outlines both physical and transition risks. We conducted our first climate change scenario analysis study in 2018 based on 2°C and 

4°C warmer scenarios. Climate risks, alongside potential financial impacts and opportunities were studied by a third-party consultant. 

In 2019, the scope of the second climate change scenario analysis focused on 2°C and 1.5°C warmer scenarios, to align with the IPCC 

Special Report on Global Warming of 1.5°C and the UN Global Compact’s Business Ambition for 1.5°C campaign. Climate change 

related trends impacting our business and the real estate sector covering the following timeframes were studied – short term (starting 

immediately to 2030); medium term (2030 to 2050); and long term (2050 to 2100). 

The short term covered three horizons focused on reducing GHG emissions to limit warming and reducing exposure to carbon pricing; 

mitigating negative financial impacts and protecting our current assets from more frequent and severe extreme weather events; while 

adapting to changing regulatory requirements and market norms in a low-carbon economy. 

In the longer term, which covers both medium term and long term timeframes, the  measures looked at maximising future portfolio value 

in the face of intensifying physical risks and market norms. Additional country specific climate risks and recommendations for China, 

Singapore, UK and US were considered based on risks most material to CDL and expected national climate policy commitments to achieve a 

1.5°C or 2°C warmer scenario. The second study also identified market and technology transformation opportunities such as potential for new 

products and services in a new low-carbon economy and known benefits from leveraging green technology and the green debt market.  

The second study highlighted major market trends for transition and physical risks in Singapore, UK, USA and China. CDL focused on key 

transition risks such as building standards, carbon pricing and construction costs and physical risks such as flash floods, heat waves and 

indirect business disruptions, given their exposure and hazard levels to our business units. Cumulatively, the net negative impact is $82 million 

on our operating profits in 2030, under a 1.5°C warmer scenario – using 2018 as the baseline year. The financial impact was derived from 

a comprehensive heatmapping exercise which prioritised top physical and transition risks to the business according to their hazard level and 

exposure scale across the different markets covered in the study. Relevant physical and transition hazards were determined by the increased 

probabilistic frequencies of the event happening, related carbon price implications for commodities and required increased investment in green 

design features. The calculated exposure is CDL-specific, e.g. revenue exposed, construction cost exposed, maintenance cost exposed etc. 

Based on these risk factors, variables that indicate the level of hazard in the countries under analysis and the exposure of CDL’s business 

units to these hazards were identified. Available scientific literature and baseline year data provided by CDL were used to quantify the risk 

factors for hazard and exposure to make relevant quantitative and qualitative assessments. 

Majority of the negative impact is attributed to transition risks, with maximum impact on our Development Properties due to anticipated 

changes in building standards and construction costs. For more details on the key findings and strategies, refer to ISR 2021, pg 49-51.

In December 2021, we commenced our third climate change scenario analysis, given the major shifts in the decarbonisation regulatory 

landscape in Singapore and globally, driven by climate failure and social crisis. The latest study is using the Network for Greening the 

Financial System (NFGS)'s Climate Scenarios portal, bringing together a global, harmonised set of transition pathways, physical climate 

change impacts and economic indicators. We further expanded our geographical scope to include hotel assets in New Zealand. Following the 

second study, three different time horizons covering short term (present to 2030); medium term (2030 to 2050); and long term (2050 to 2100) 

will be analysed, along with key transition and physical risks arising from potentially relevant COVID-19 impacts and key COP26 outcomes. 

We have been focusing on nature based solutions and will be exploring the pathway to embrace TNFD when it is officially launched.  

Delivering Value and Best 

Practices, pg 24 

 

 

Decarbonising towards Net 

Zero, pg 68 

ISR 2021, pg 49-50

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

115

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• 



TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures



• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




TCFD 

DISCLOSURE









TCFD Pillar

Recommended 

Disclosure

Addressed in Integrated 

Sustainability Report 2022

Describe the impact 

of climate-related risks 

and opportunities on 

the organisation’s 

businesses, strategy and 

financial planning.

CDL’s Approach

Under CDL’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework, climate change is identified as a strategic business risk under CDL Group. 

The Group is committed to mitigate risk exposure through appropriate risk management strategies and adequate internal controls. Close 

monitoring and control processes, including the use of appropriate key risk and key performance indicators, are implemented to ensure the 

risk profiles are managed within the Group’s risk appetite and tolerance limits.

CDL recognises that a business’s vulnerability to the impact of climate change extends beyond the physical exposure of its direct operations 

and sites. Disruptions to our supply chain, customers and markets have material impacts on our value chain and are considered in the 

climate change scenario analysis studies as well.

Based on estimates by the International Energy Agency and UN Environment Programme (UNEP), the building and construction sector 

accounted for 36% of global final energy use and 37% energy-related CO2 emission in 2021. Out of total emissions, 11% is attributed to 

manufacturing building materials and products. This underscores CDL’s responsibility to mitigate the impact of our business on climate change. 

CDL’s carbon mitigation strategy has been largely focused on addressing Scope 2 emissions as electricity usage forms the largest source 

of emissions for CDL’s core operations in Singapore. Through robust resource management and regular asset upgrading and enhancement 

efforts, CDL has been maintaining good energy performance for our existing commercial properties. Since 2004, CDL has retrofitted all 

our existing managed buildings. Our efforts from previous initiatives since 2012 continued to yield an estimated annual energy savings of 

around 15.1 million kWh, equivalent to more than $3.4 million of cost savings in 2021.

In 2019, CDL implemented a Sustainable Finance Framework to leverage sustainable financing for funding eligible green and social 

projects that support CDL’s business and sustainability vision. As of 31 December 2021, CDL has secured more than $3 billion of 

sustainable financing, including a green bond, several green loans and a sustainability-linked loan.

As an investor, CDL was accepted as a signatory to the UN PRI in 2021. UN PRI is an investor initiative in partnership with UNEP Finance 

Initiative (UNEP FI) and the UN Global Compact.

We also introduced the CDL Sustainable Investment Principles (SIP) in 2021 to steward responsible capital allocation and investments 

decision-making. The SIP is aligned with the Glasgow Climate Pact, UN SDGs and other global best practices and frameworks such as 

UN PRI, TCFD, UNEP FI. It also complements CDL’s existing ESG policies and guidelines, including the Climate Change Policy, EHS Policy, 

Green Building Policy, Biodiversity Policy and Human Rights Policy.

Risk Management Report in 

CDL Annual Report 2021

Decarbonising towards Net 

Zero, pg 58

Dedicated to Sustainability 

Integration, pg 17

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

116

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



•



 



TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures



• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




TCFD 

DISCLOSURE











TCFD Pillar

Recommended 

Disclosure

CDL’s Approach

Addressed in Integrated 

Sustainability Report 2022

Describe the resilience 

of the organisation’s 

strategy, taking into 

consideration different 

climate-related 

scenarios, including a 

2°C or lower scenario.

CDL is dedicated to strengthening the climate resiliency of our portfolio  by setting targets towards carbon mitigation and environmental 

protection. Through the early adoption of Climate Change Scenario Analysis based on the TCFD recommendations, we have gained 

greater insight into climate-related risks and their potential impact on our business and financial bottom line under a 2°C and lower 

scenario. We continuously review our climate-related targets against global standards and best practices. In 2018, we were the first real 

estate company in Singapore to set SBTi-validated targets based on a 2°C warmer scenario. In December 2021,  we successfully raised 

the carbon reduction targets that were assessed and validated by the SBTi, aligned with a 1.5°C warmer scenario. The revised targets also 

support CDL’s World Green Building Council’s (WorldGBC) Net Zero Carbon Buildings Commitment.

In February 2021, CDL became the first real estate conglomerate in Southeast Asia to sign the WorldGBC Net Zero Carbon Buildings 

Commitment. This is a global pledge to achieve net zero operational carbon by 2030, covering new and existing wholly-owned assets 

under our direct management and operational control. In November 2021, during COP26, CDL joined 44 pioneering companies 

worldwide to extend our pledge towards a net zero whole life carbon emissions approach. Through this expanded commitment, we 

pledged to achieve maximum reduction of embodied carbon in new developments, compensating for any remaining residual operational 

and upfront embodied emissions via offsetting for new developments by 2030 and for all buildings to be net zero carbon by 2050. 

CDL’s net zero commitment covers Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions and includes different phases of strategic action with stakeholders, to tackle the 

transition required under each scope. Our updated pledge to achieve net-zero whole life carbon-built environment includes five key actions:

1. Commit: Commit to achieving net-zero operational carbon for new and existing wholly-owned assets under direct operational and 

management control. Maximise reduction in embodied carbon and compensate for any residual upfront emissions via offsetting for new 

developments and major renovations.

2. Disclose: Measure and publicly disclose Scope 1 and 2 emissions, embodied carbon emissions and energy consumption by assessing 

annual asset and portfolio energy demand and carbon emissions against set targets.

3. Act: Reduce energy consumption for construction and operations of assets, by implementing energy efficiency measures and transition to 

100% renewable energy via on-site production or procurement of clean energy, e.g. Renewable Energy Certificates. Adopt sustainable 

building designs, materials and supply chain practices to reduce upfront embodied carbon and offset any residual upfront emissions.

4. Verify: Demonstrate enhanced energy performance, reduced carbon emissions and progress towards net-zero carbon assets via third-

party certification by aligning with recognised and industry leading local third-party certification and verification schemes. Verify and 

report lifecycle assessment for embodied carbon at asset level for new developments.

5. Advocate: Engage and influence value chain and building users to support and build towards a wider transition to a net-zero whole life 

carbon-built environment.

Formed in 2018, the CDL Enterprise Innovation Committee (EIC) was generates customer- and digital-centric ideas for the advancement 

of CDL’s business, focusing on areas like energy analytics and building occupant comfort. These activities are powered by three mutually-

reinforcing engines: (1) Innovation Pipeline; (2) People and Culture; and (3) PropTech Investment. We have started exploring circularity 

practices and solutions, such as adopting advanced low-carbon construction methods and materials as part of our efforts to reduce 

embodied carbon.

In 2020, the Green Building and Technology Application team was formed as part of the Sustainability portfolio to explore innovative 

carbon reduction solutions and partnerships targeted at mitigating our climate-related risks for our developments and managed buildings.

Decarbonising towards Net 

Zero, pg 60 

 

 

ISR 2021, pg 51 

 

 

 

 

 

 

City Developments Limited | 

World Green Building Council 

(worldgbc.org) 

Driving Innovation and 

Building Performance, pg 45

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

117

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• 



TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures



• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




TCFD 

DISCLOSURE















TCFD Pillar

Recommended 

Disclosure

CDL’s Approach

Addressed in Integrated 

Sustainability Report 2022

Risk 

Management

Describe the 

organisation’s  

processes for identifying 

and assessing climate-

related risks.

Since 2014, CDL started conducting materiality assessments annually, which is facilitated by an independent consultant, to determine 

the key economic, environmental, social and governance (EESG) issues that are important to our stakeholders. Due to COVID-19, we 

conducted more comprehensive materiality assessments in 2020 and 2021, to be in closer alignment with the shifting priorities and 

expectations of our stakeholders.

Through a macro scanning exercise that considers global sustainability trends and climate regulations (e.g. carbon tax), and surveys and 

interviews with more than 300 stakeholders, the findings revealed an increased prioritisation of environmental issues. “Climate Resilience” 

was CDL’s top material issue in 2021. The rise in ranking of environmental-related issues, such as “Energy Efficiency and Adoption of 

Renewables” and “Water and Waste Management” could be explained by global climate action momentum in 2021 (e.g. COP26) and the 

acceleration of climate-related agreements and commitments.

Facilitated by a third-party consultant, CDL also conducted climate change scenario analyses which identified and categorised climate-

related risks based on their financial impacts as provided by TCFD. These risks are considered strategic business risks and managed under 

CDL’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework. 

The Group adopts an integrated top-down and bottom-up risk review process that enables systematic identification and prioritisation of all 

material risks. An integral part of the process towards effective risk management is continuous communication and consultation with internal 

and external stakeholders. This enables the Group to understand the importance of risk management, to appreciate the decisions that are 

taken within the Group, and to implement the best policies and practices

necessary for the benefit of the Group.

Delivering Value and Best 

Practices, pg 24

Decarbonising towards Net 

Zero, pg 68

Risk Management Report in 

CDL Annual Report 2021

Describe the 

organisation’s processes 

for managing climate-

related risks.

The Board is responsible for the governance of risk across the Group, while ensuring that Management maintains a sound system of risk 

management and internal controls. The Audit and Risk Committee (ARC) assists the Board in carrying out the Board’s responsibility of 

overseeing the Group’s risk management framework and policies. The Management Risk Committee surfaces significant risk issues for 

discussion with the ARC and the Board, to keep them fully informed in a timely and accurate manner. All ARC members, including the 

Chairman of the ARC, are independent non-executive directors. The Management Risk Committee monitors the Group risk profiles and 

regulatory compliance status on a quarterly basis. 

The Group recognises that climate risks are business risks. A focal issue of the Paris Agreement and Singapore Green Plan 2030, climate 

change is one of the long-term key global risks that can potentially impact the Group’s assets, revenue, operations, supply chain, product 

design, stakeholder engagement, and investor communication. Aside from physical risks arising from climate change, regulatory transition 

risks can result in stricter emission standards, increased carbon tax and water pricing, and stricter building design requirements. The Group 

prioritises ESG communication and reporting to proactively manage rising stakeholder capitalism, investor and consumer activism. In the 

face of climate change, climate-proofing its buildings for a low-carbon future is key to the Group’s growth strategy. 

Corporate Governance Report 

in CDL Annual Report 2021

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

118

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• 



TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures



• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




TCFD 

DISCLOSURE



















TCFD Pillar

Recommended 

Disclosure

CDL’s Approach

Addressed in Integrated 

Sustainability Report 2022

Describe how processes 

for identifying, assessing 

and managing 

climate-related risks 

are integrated into the 

organisation’s overall 

risk management.

Beyond managing climate-related risks and opportunities under the ERM framework, CDL also manages operational risks pertaining to energy, 

water and supply of raw materials by adopting ISO management system standards that are internationally recognised and widely adopted. 

In 2003, CDL became the first private property developer in Singapore to have our environmental management system audited against ISO 

14001 for property development and project management. This provided a well-defined and clear framework through which we identified 

the environmental aspects and impacts associated with our activities, products and services, and allowed us to implement the necessary 

controls to manage these impacts. 

To align with globally-recognised standards in carbon emissions measurement and reporting, CDL became the first developer in Singapore 

in 2016 to validate our Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions data against the stringent ISO 14064-1 certification in GHG emissions 

reporting. Conducted at a reasonable assurance level, the verification covers stringent audits of processes on GHG emissions control 

and a review of emission factors used for diesel, petrol, refrigerant gases, electricity grid, transmission and distribution losses, employee 

commuting, and business air travel. These processes have complemented CDL’s data-driven approach in assessing our climate change 

resilience strategies and controls.

Electricity consumption has long been identified as a significant climate-related risk for CDL, as it forms the largest source of emissions for 

CDL’s core operations in Singapore (reported as Scope 2 emissions). To systematically optimise energy performance and promote more 

efficient energy management, CDL was the first developer in Singapore to achieve the ISO 50001 energy management system certification 

for the provision of property and facilities management services in 2014.   

Decarbonising towards Net 

Zero, pg 65, 76, 78

Risk Management Report in 

CDL Annual Report 2021

 

 

ISO 14064 Reasonable 

Assurance Statement, pg 134

Metrics and 

Targets

Disclose the 

metrics used by the 

organisation to assess 

climate-related risks and 

opportunities in line 

with its strategy and risk 

management process.

Since embarking on our sustainability journey more than two decades ago, CDL has put in place a comprehensive suite of policies, 

processes and systems to measure our efforts in environmental protection and conservation.

As an early adopter of sustainability reporting, CDL’s robust sustainability reporting has evolved into a unique blended model using the 

GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards as its core since 2008. To address the diverse expectations of stakeholders, CDL embraced CDP 

since 2010, Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark (GRESB) since 2013, the Value Reporting Foundation (VRF)’s Integrated Reporting 

Framework since 2015, Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) Reporting since 2016, Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 

(TCFD) framework since 2017 and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards for Real Estate Sector since 2020. 

CDL's Future Value 2030 Sustainability Blueprint sets long-term climate-related goals and targets towards 2030—a milestone year for UN 

SDGs and the net zero climate agenda. Interim annual targets have been in place to monitor our progress.

Key metrics on carbon emissions, embodied carbon, energy and water usage, and waste management are published in our ISR. Monitoring 

and reporting these metrics help us identify areas with highest climate-related risks, for more targeted approaches. To track the progress 

towards our over-arching goals set under the CDL Future Value 2030 sustainability blueprint, metrics and their corresponding performance 

are provided for the last five years.

Delivering Value and Best 

Practices, pg 85

Key Performance Summary, 

pg 129 to 132

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

119

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• 



TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures



• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




TCFD 

DISCLOSURE

















TCFD Pillar

Recommended 

Disclosure

CDL’s Approach

Addressed in Integrated 

Sustainability Report 2022

Disclose Scope 1, 

Scope 2, and, if 

appropriate, Scope 3 

greenhouse gas (GHG) 

emissions, and the 

related risks.

CDL has been disclosing Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions of our core operations and six key subsidiaries in our ISRs since 2015. To 

ensure proper accounting of our GHG emissions, CDL scopes our emission streams in accordance with the GHG Protocol Corporate 

Accounting and Reporting Standard.

To further demonstrate CDL’s environmental practices’ alignment with international best practices, CDL was the first Singapore developer 

in 2016 to have our GHG emissions data, for our corporate office, industrial buildings, commercial buildings and development sites, 

externally validated against ISO 14064 on GHG verification.

Decarbonising towards Net 

Zero, pg 62

ISO 14064 Reasonable 

Assurance Statement, pg 134

Describe the 

targets used by the 

organisation to manage 

climate-related risks 

and opportunities and 

performance against 

targets

CDL is into the fifth year of the CDL Future Value 2030 Sustainability Blueprint and is on track in meeting our interim 2030 targets. The diligent 

tracking of our progress towards our ESG goals results in prompt implementation of solutions to stay on track. Annual interim targets guide us 

towards meeting our 2030 goals progressively. 

CDL's climate-related targets such as those related to GHG emissions, water and energy usage, and waste generation, in line with 

regulatory and voluntary requirements, are published in our annual ISR.

Since 2007, CDL has established ambitious targets to reduce energy intensity across our operations in Singapore. We established our 

first carbon emissions intensity reduction target in 2011 and voluntarily raised the target from 25% to 38% by 2030 (from 2007 levels) 

in 2017. Subsequently in 2018, we became the first real estate company in Singapore to have our carbon reduction targets validated by 

SBTi, raising our carbon emissions intensity reduction target from 38% to 59% across our Singapore operations by 2030 from base year 

2007, aligned with a 2ºC warmer scenario. In December 2021, we revalidated our carbon emissions intensity reduction target in line with 

a 1.5ºC warmer scenario with SBTi. The renewed targets aim to decarbonise CDL’s operations in three ways:

• 

Reduce Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 63% per m2 leased area by 2030 from a 2016 base year. Compared to our 2018 SBTi target 

of reducing Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 59% by 2030 from base year 2007, the new baseline year of 2016 presents a more stringent 

and aspirational goal. 

• 

Reduce Scope 32 GHG emissions from purchased goods and services 41% per m2 Gross Floor Area (GFA) by 2030 from 2016. 

• 

Reduce absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions from investments3 by 58.8% by 2030 from 2016, that covers hotels managed by CDL’s 

wholly-owned hotel subsidiary, Millennium &amp; Copthorne Hotels Limited (M&amp;C).

Delivering Value and Best 

Practices, pg 22

Decarbonising towards Net 

Zero, pg 58

2 

SBTi requires companies’ Scope 3 targets to cover 66% of their Scope 3 emissions. For CDL, Category 1 (purchased goods and services) and Category 15 (investments) have reduction targets as these categories cover more than 80% of its 

Scope 3 emissions.

3 

Investment refers to CDL’s six key subsidiaries – CBM Pte Ltd, CDL Hospitality Trusts, City Serviced Offices, Le Grove Serviced Residences, Tower Club Singapore, hotels owned and managed by M&amp;C.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

120

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• 



TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures



• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




CDSB 

DISCLOSURE

The table below illustrates our alignment with the Climate Disclosure Standards Board (CDSB) Framework, which was adopted since 2020. Besides the twelve 

disclosure requirements of the CDSB framework, our report also adopts the seven guiding principles that guide how we prepare and report on environmental 

information.













































































Requirements

Requirements Disclosures under “shall” requirements

Addressed in Integrated Sustainability Report 2022

REQ-01

Governance

Disclosures shall describe the governance of environmental policies, strategy and information

Dedicated to Sustainability Integration

Decarbonising towards Net Zero

Determined to Create a Fair, Safe and Inclusive 

Business Environment

REQ-02 

Management’s environmental 

policies, strategy and targets

Disclosures shall report management’s environmental policies, strategy and targets, including the indicators, plans and 

timelines used to assess performance.

Delivering Value and Best Practices

Decarbonising towards Net Zero

Determined to Create a Fair, Safe and Inclusive 

Business Environment

REQ-03

Risks and opportunities

Disclosures shall explain the material current and anticipated environmental risks and opportunities affecting the organisation.

Delivering Value and Best Practices

Decarbonising towards Net Zero

TCFD Disclosure

REQ-04 

Sources of environmental 

impacts

Quantitative and qualitative results, together with the methodologies used to prepare them, shall be reported to reflect material 

sources of environmental impact.

Decarbonising towards Net Zero

ISO 14064 Reasonable Assurance Statement

Key Performance Summary

REQ-05 Performance and 

comparative analysis

Disclosures shall include an analysis of the information disclosed in REQ-04 compared with any performance targets set and 

with results reported in previous periods.

Decarbonising towards Net Zero

Key Performance Summary

REQ-06 Outlook

Management shall summarise their conclusions about the effect of environmental impacts, risks and opportunities on the 

organisation’s future performance and position

Dedicated to Sustainability Integration

Decarbonising towards Net Zero

TCFD Disclosure

REQ-07 Organisational 

boundary

Environmental information shall be prepared for the entities within the boundary of the organisation or group for which the 

mainstream report is prepared and, where appropriate, shall distinguish information reported for entities and activities outside 

that boundary

Decarbonising towards Net Zero

Report Period and Scope

REQ-08 Reporting policies

Disclosures shall cite the reporting provisions used for preparing environmental information and shall (except in the first year of 

reporting) confirm that they have been used consistently from one reporting period to the next.

Report Period and Scope

REQ-09 Reporting period

Disclosures shall be provided on an annual basis.

Report Period and Scope

REQ-10 Restatements

Disclosures shall report and explain any prior year restatements.

Decarbonising towards Net Zero

GRI Content Index Table (GRI 2-4)

REQ-11 Conformance

Disclosures shall include a statement of conformance with the CDSB Framework.

Report Period and Scope

REQ-12 Assurance

If assurance has been provided over whether reported environmental information is in conformance with the CDSB 

Framework, this shall be included in or cross-referenced to the statement of conformance of REQ-11.

Report Period and Scope

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

121

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• 



TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures



• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




SASB REAL ESTATE 

SECTOR DISCLOSURE



















































































































































































SASB Sustainability 

Disclosure Topic

SASB Code

Accounting Metric

Property Subsector

2019

2020

2021

Energy Management

IF-RE-130a.1

Energy consumption data coverage as a percentage of 

total floor area, by property subsector (%)

Office

100%

100%

100%

Shopping centre

100%

100%

100%

Industrial

48.9%

48.9%

48.9%

IF-RE-130a.2

Total energy consumed by portfolio area with data 

coverage, by property subsector (GJ)

Office

162,610

132,543

117,106

Shopping centre

104,027

89,881

93,386

Industrial

3,307

3,448

3,169

Total energy consumed by percentage grid electricity, 

by property subsector (%)

Office

99.9%

99.8%

100.0%

Shopping centre

100%

99.9%

99.9%

Industrial

100%

100%

100%

Total energy consumed by percentage renewable, by 

property subsector (%)

Office

2.7%

4.6%

4.6%

Shopping centre

2.9%

4.8%

0.3%

Industrial

2.6%

4.6%

0.0%

IF-RE-130a.3

Like-for-like percentage change in energy consumption 

for the portfolio area with data coverage, by property 

subsector (%)

Office

86%

88.4%

Shopping centre

86%

103.9%

Industrial

104%

91.9%

IF-RE-130a.4

Percentage of eligible portfolio that has an energy 

rating, by property subsector (%)

Office

100%

100%

100%

Shopping centre

100%

100%

100%

Industrial

0%

0%

31%

Percentage of eligible portfolio that is certified to 

ENERGY STAR®, by property subsector (%)

Office

 Not applicable to Singapore 

Shopping centre

Industrial

CDL supports the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards by Value Reporting Foundation. It helps us to communicate with businesses and investors 

on the financial impacts of sustainability by focusing on material sustainability information. The tables below reference the Standard for Real Estate Sector as defined 

by SASB’s Sustainability Industry Classification System and identifies how CDL has addressed the SASB Accounting Metrices and Activity Metrices for the scope of 

CDL-owned and managed operations in Singapore. The SASB disclosures have been independently assured by Ernst and Young (EY) and the reasonable assurance 

statement can be found in CDL’s Integrated Sustainability Report 2022, pg 136 to 149. References to CDL’s Integrated Sustainability Report 2022 have been made to 

provide more details.



C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

122

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• 



TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures



• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration










































































































































































SASB Sustainability 

Disclosure Topic

SASB Code

Accounting Metric

Property Subsector

2019

2020

2021

IF-RE-130a.5

Description of how building energy management 

considerations are integrated into property investment 

analysis and operational strategy

CDL takes a holistic view towards energy reduction by adopting initiatives that maximise energy 

efficiency, increase energy conservation and promote the use of renewable energy. CDL’s lifecycle 

approach in energy management ensures measures are applied across our key business units and 

at various stages in a building’s lifecycle. Each business unit adheres to established guidelines that 

detail the strategic initiatives, performance standards, and specific requirements relating to energy 

efficiency and climate change mitigation measures. In addition, CDL conducts due diligence exercises 

for acquired properties, which cover environmental assessment. We also consider if the property has 

any green certificates during the acquisition stage. More details can be found in CDL’s Integrated 

Sustainability Report 2022, under “Decarbonising towards Net Zero”.

Water Management

IF-RE-140a.1

Water withdrawal data coverage as a percentage of 

total floor area, by property subsector (%)

Office

28.5%

29.7%

29.6%

Shopping centre

36.9%

36.9%

36.8%

Industrial

23.5%

23.5%

23.4%

Water withdrawal data coverage as a percentage of 

total floor area, by property subsector (%) floor area 

in regions with High or Extremely High Baseline Water 

Stress, by property subsector (%)

Office

100%

100%

100%

Shopping centre

100%

100%

100%

Industrial

100%

100%

100%

IF-RE-140a.2

Total water withdrawn by portfolio area with data 

coverage, by property subsector (m3)

Office

254,380

162,577

125,733

Shopping centre

141,582

87,774

89,279

Industrial

8,752

7,635

8,275

Total water withdrawn by percentage in regions with 

High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress, by 

property subsector (%)

Office

100%

100%

100%

Shopping centre

100%

100%

100%

Industrial

100%

100%

100%

IF-RE-140a.3

Like-for-like percentage change in water withdrawn 

for portfolio area with data coverage, by property 

subsector (%)

Office

68%

77%

Shopping centre

62%

102%

Industrial

87%

108%

IF-RE-140a.4

Description of water management risks and discussion 

of strategies and practices to mitigate those risks

Headquartered in water-scarce Singapore, CDL recognises that water supply to the company’s 

core activities is especially vital as our operations are water-intensive and highly dependent on a 

reliable supply of water. Therefore, CDL takes a holistic approach towards water management to 

maintain and enhance the efficiency, resilience, desirability and long-term value of our assets and 

developments. Our water management guidelines direct the strategies and practices throughout the 

lifecycle of our assets — from design and development to operation — and are embraced by the 

relevant business units. More details can be found in CDL’s Integrated Sustainability Report 2022, 

under “Decarbonising towards Net Zero”.

SASB REAL ESTATE 

SECTOR DISCLOSURE

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

123

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• 



TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures



• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




SASB REAL ESTATE 

SECTOR DISCLOSURE





























































































































SASB Sustainability 

Disclosure Topic

SASB Code

Accounting Metric

Property Subsector

2019

2020

2021

Management of Tenant 

Sustainability Impacts

IF-RE-410a.1

Percentage of new leases that contain a cost 

recovery clause for resource efficiency-related capital 

improvements, by property subsector (%)

Office

0%

0%

0%

Shopping centre

0%

0%

0%

Industrial

0%

0%

0%

Associated leased floor area, of new leases that 

contain a cost recovery clause for resource efficiency-

related capital improvements, by property subsector 

(sq. ft)

Office

0

0

0

Shopping centre

0

0

0

Industrial

0

0

0

IF-RE-410a.2

Percentage of tenants that are separately metered 

or submetered for grid electricity consumption, by 

property subsector (%)1

Office

100%

100%

100%

Shopping centre

100%

100%

100%

Industrial

100%

100%

100%

Percentage of tenants that are separately metered 

or submetered for water withdrawals, by property 

subsector (%)

Office

100%

100%

100%

Shopping centre

100%

100%

100%

Industrial

100%

100%

100%

IF-RE-410a.3

Discussion of approach to measuring, incentivising and 

improving sustainability impacts of tenants

CDL’s Green Lease Partnership Programme encourages our tenants to reduce their environmental 

footprint and has achieved a 100% participation rate for retail and office tenants. Tenants also have 

access to a digital energy monitoring portal through a partnership with Tuas Power, which provides 

near real-time updates of energy consumption to tenants, allowing them to better track and manage 

their energy usage. Over the years, we have also been actively engaging tenants in CDL’s corporate 

sustainability and outreach programmes to raise the level of awareness and adoption of green 

practices at work and at home. One example is our partnership with PUB to commemorate World 

Water Day 2021. More details can be found in CDL’s Integrated Sustainability Report 2022, under 

“Determined to Create a Fair, Safe &amp; Inclusive Business Environment”.

1 

This excludes tenants that rent kiosks in the common area, and the interim periods needed for new tenants to carry out fit-out works and register their electrical accounts with the grid electricity provider.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

124

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• 



TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures



• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




SASB REAL ESTATE 

SECTOR DISCLOSURE









































SASB Sustainability 

Disclosure Topic

SASB Code

Accounting Metric

Property Subsector

2019

2020

2021

Climate Change 

Adaptation

IF-RE-450a.1

Area of properties located in 100-year flood zones, by 

property subsector (net leasable area, in sq. ft)2

Office

0

0

Shopping centre

0

0

Industrial

0

0

IF-RE-450a.2

Description of climate change risk exposure analysis, 

degree of systematic portfolio exposure, and strategies 

for mitigating risks

Since 2018, CDL has been identifying and managing our climate risks and opportunities through 

a climate change scenario analysis study based on TCFD recommended disclosures. The first study 

was conducted in 2018 under 2ºC and 4ºC warmer scenarios by 2030 for our three core businesses 

— development properties, investment properties and hotel operations — in Singapore, China and 

the UK. In response to the IPCC special report on a 1.5°C warming future, a second climate change 

scenario study was initiated in 2019 and completed in 2020, wherein the scope was extended to 

cover 1.5°C scenario and additional market in the US. In 2021, we commenced our third climate 

change scenario analysis based on 2ºC and 1.5ºC warmer scenarios. This study is in response 

to major shifts in the decarbonisation regulatory landscape in Singapore and globally as well as 

prolonged impacts from COVID-19 on climate change. As such CDL has further expanded our 

geographical scope to include assets in New Zealand. This study is in progress.

As a result of the completed analyses, the physical and transition risks, as well as the degree of each 

risk type, were assessed and classified into categories that are explicitly linked to financial impacts 

as provided by TCFD. Risk mitigation measures were identified and incorporated into our operations 

through business risk management under CDL's Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework, 

interim performance-tracking against our 2030 goals under the CDL Future Value 2030 Sustainability 

Blueprint, and continuous refinement of environmental management systems and carbon performance 

metrics in accordance with global standards including the GHG Protocol and ISO 14064. 

More details can be found in CDL’s Integrated Sustainability Report 2022 under “Decarbonising 

towards Net Zero” and “TCFD Disclosure”.

2 

As 100-year flood zones is a US definition and unavailable in Singapore, flood zones defined by the PUB, Singapore’s national flood and drainage management agency have been used instead. The flood zones 

are identified through referencing PUB’s live map of flood-prone areas, and latest updated lists of flood-prone areas and flood hotspots as at 31 December 2021.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

125

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• 



TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures



• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




SASB REAL ESTATE 

SECTOR DISCLOSURE

Table 2: Activity Metrics





































































































SASB Code

Activity Metric

Managed Building Type

2019

2020

2021

IF-RE-000.A

Number of assets, by property subsector

Office

93

84 

8

Shopping centre

2

2

2

Industrial

3

3

3

IF-RE-000.B

Leasable floor area, by property subsector (sq. ft)

Office

2,062,850

1,776,750

1,778,178

Shopping centre

487,713

487,718

487,829

Industrial

390,811

390,867

391,081

IF-RE-000.C

Percentage of indirectly managed assets, by property subsector (%)

Office

0%

0%

0%

Shopping centre

0%

0%

0%

Industrial

0%

0%

0%

IF-RE-000.D

Average occupancy rate, by property subsector

All

We do not publicly report our average occupancy rate as 

the data is commercially sensitive and confidential.

Table 3: FTSE-NAREIT Classification of Property Subsectors













































































































No.

CDL Property Asset

Classification Code

Classification Category

1

Central Mall Conservation

N742

Office

2

Central Mall Office Tower

N742 

Office

3

Cideco Industrial Complex

N741 

Industrial

4

City House

N742 

Office

5

City Industrial Building

N741 

Industrial

6

City Square Mall

N761 

Shopping centre

7

Fuji Xerox Towers

N742 

Office

8

King's Centre

N742 

Office

9

Palais Renaissance

N742 

Office

10

Quayside Isle

N761 

Shopping centre

11

Republic Plaza

N742

Office

12

Tagore 23 Warehouse

N741 

Industrial

13

Tampines Concourse

N742 

Office

3 

Manulife Centre was divested in early Jan 2019, hence it was removed from the reporting scope in 2019.

4 

Tampines Grande was divested in mid-2019, hence it was removed from the reporting scope in 2020.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

126

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• 



TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures



• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




REPORT PERIOD 

AND SCOPE 

This is CDL’s 15th Integrated Sustainability Report. It 

represents our latest annual publication dedicated to 

providing information on financial, governance, social 

and environmental performance that are material to CDL’s 

business and stakeholders. 

This Report contains a full year’s data from 1 January to 

31 December 2021 and focusses primarily on operations 

wholly-owned and directly managed by CDL’s headquarters 

in Singapore. CDL's operations in this Report cover corporate 

office, managed buildings and construction sites in Singapore, 

and exclude hotel properties, unless otherwise stated.

Following the inclusion of carbon emissions data of our key 

subsidiaries since 2015, we have further expanded the 

reporting scope to include their energy and water usage 

data. These six subsidiaries are:

• CBM Pte Ltd 

• CDL Hospitality Trusts

• City Serviced Offices

• Le Grove Serviced Residences

• Tower Club Singapore

• Hotels owned and managed by Millennium &amp; 

Copthorne Hotels Limited (M&amp;C)

Monetary values in this Report are presented in Singapore 

dollars, which is CDL’s functional currency. Where possible, 

we have provided up to five years of historical data for 

comparison. CDL voluntarily discloses the information as we 

believe in upholding the principles of corporate transparency, 

disclosure, and communication with our stakeholders. 

For additional information on our comprehensive initiatives 

on sustainability, please refer to our sustainability microsite: 

www.cdlsustainability.com.

Report Content



In each reporting cycle, CDL’s Sustainability Committee 

reviews the content of the Report for accuracy, 

completeness and balanced reporting. Efforts are also 

made to ensure that current and emerging material 

issues pertaining to sustainability and the interests of 

our stakeholders are addressed. The BSC reviews and 

approves the Report before it is published.

Other operational committees oversee existing management 

systems and certifications such as the ISO 14001 

Environmental Management System, ISO 50001 Energy 

Management System, ISO 45001 Occupational Health 

and Safety and Singapore Quality Class. Relevant ESG 

targets and key performance indicators are established, 

tracked, and disclosed within this Report. In line with 

our steadfast commitment to align CDL’s environmental 

practices with international best practices, CDL became the 

first Singapore developer in 2016 to validate our GHG 

emissions data against ISO 14064 Greenhouse Gases for 

GHG verification. 

Our Report continues to integrate ISO 26000:2010 

Guidance on social responsibility, and the Company 

actively promotes compliance with internationally  

adopted standards and regulations in the fields of 

occupational standards, environmental protection and the 

fight against corruption.

Reporting Principles and Standards



This Report has been prepared in accordance with the 

GRI Standards and its latest Universal Standards 2021. Its 

Reporting Principles are:

• Accuracy: Reporting information that is correct and 

sufficiently detailed to allow an assessment of the 

organisation’s impacts.

• Balance: Report information in an unbiased way and 

provide a fair representation of the organisation’s 

negative and positive impacts.

• Clarity: Presenting information in a way that is 

accessible and understandable.

• Comparability: Selecting, compiling, and reporting 

information consistently to enable an analysis of 

changes in the organisation’s impacts over time and 

an analysis of these impacts relative to those of other 

organisations.

• Completeness: Providing sufficient information to enable 

an assessment of the organisation’s impacts during the 

reporting period.

• Sustainability Context: Reporting information about its 

impacts in the wider context of sustainable development.

• Timeliness: Reporting information on a regular schedule 

and making it available in time for information users to 

make decisions.

• Verifiability: Gathering, recording, compiling, 

and analysing information in such a way that the 

information can be examined to establish its quality.

For the GRI Content Index - Essentials Service, GRI 

reviewed that Disclosures 2-1, 2-2, 2-3, 2-4, 2-5, 3-1 and 

3-2 are correctly located in both the GRI Content Index and 

in the text of the final report when it is published.

This Report continues to adopt the International Integrated 

Reporting Council’s (IIRC) Integrated Reporting Framework 

by connecting ESG performance with business and 

financial impact for more meaningful and all-rounded 

corporate reporting. Centred around six capitals—

Financial, Organisational, Natural, Manufactured, Human, 

and Social and Relationship—this approach aims to present 

a holistic picture to our investors and stakeholders on how 

the interrelation between our business and sustainability 

performance leads to long-term value creation. In stepping 

GRI 2-2, 2-3, 2-4

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

127

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




up our climate-related disclosures, CDL’s TCFD and SASB real 

estate sector disclosures have been expanded substantially 

since 2020 and are available in the annexes of this Report. 

The environmental information in this Report has been 

prepared and reported according to the guiding principles 

and requirements of the CDSB framework. This Report 

is also prepared in accordance with the sustainability 

reporting requirements set out in the Listing Manual of the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) 

(Rules 711A and 711B). 

Committed to UNGC’s Ten Principles, CDL has been a 

signatory to the UNGC since 2005 and is engaged at  

the ‘Participant’ level since 2019. This Report also  

serves as our Communication on Progress (CoP) conducted 

by UNGC annually. Details are available at  

www.unglobalcompact.org. 

This Report is also aligned with relevant performance 

indicators of key sustainability benchmarks such as CDP, 

DJSI, FTSE4Good, Global 100, GRESB, and MSCI.

Our carbon footprint is calculated in accordance with 

the GHG Protocol, developed by the World Resources 

Institute and the World Business Council on Sustainable 

Development. The GHG Protocol supplies the world’s most 

widely used greenhouse gas accounting standards.

In addition to the GHG Protocol, our carbon emissions 

are also calculated based on The CarbonNeutral® 

Protocol, a set of guidelines to meet the global standard 

for managing our offset-inclusive programmes. The Protocol 

includes requirements for GHG assessments, emissions 

reduction planning, carbon credit eligibility, management 

of carbon credits through registration and retirement, and 

communication of CarbonNeutral® programmes.

We use an operational consolidation approach to 

determine organisational boundaries. For example, our 

carbon and energy data include only the distribution 

impacts. Data is consolidated from a number of sources, 

including our project sites and fuel use information, and 

is analysed centrally. Our baseline year is 2007 and our 

emissions are independent of any GHG trades. 

External Assurance



This Report continues to be externally assured to validate 

the accuracy and reliability of its content. Ernst &amp; Young 

LLP (EY) was engaged to provide independent reasonable 

assurance of this Report against the GRI Standards for 

sustainability reporting and the Construction &amp; Real Estate 

Sector Supplement and SASB disclosures; and independent 

limited assurance for CDSB framework (with the exception 

of Principle 1 on materiality) and TCFD reporting. The 

assurance covered figures and statements found in this 

Report that are related to the subject matters approved by 

CDL’s Chief Sustainability Officer and Board Sustainability 

Committee and agreed upon as per the Assurance Statement. 

EY reviewed the underlying systems and processes that 

support the subject matters in this Report. The assurance is in 

accordance with ISAE 3000 Assurance Engagements Other 

than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information. 

The assurance, including the scope of work and conclusions, 

can be found in the Assurance Statement on pages xxx to xxx.

In line with our steadfast commitment to align CDL’s 

environmental practices with international best practices, 

CDL’s 2021 GHG emissions data continue to be verified 

against ISO 14064 by Lloyd’s Register Quality Assurance 

Ltd. (LRQA) in accordance with the requirements of ISO  

14064-1. LRQA’s Assurance Statement on the GHG report 

prepared by CDL, can be found on pages xxx to xxx. 

Accessibility



This Report is only available in a digital version. Current and 

previous editions are available at www.cdlsustainability.com.

Feedback Channel



Feedback from our stakeholders is vital for us to continually 

improve our reporting and sustainability practices. We welcome 

your views, comments or feedback, which may be directed to:

Ms Esther An

Chief Sustainability Officer

City Developments Limited

9 Raffles Place, #36-00 Republic Plaza,  

Singapore 048619

Email: sustainability@cdl.com.sg 





REPORT PERIOD 

AND SCOPE 

GRI 2-3, 2-4

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

128

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




KEY PERFORMANCE 

SUMMARY







































































































































































































































































































Indicator

Unit of Measurement

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

Legal Compliance

Convicted cases of corruption

Number

0

0

0

0

0

Convicted cases of fraud

Number

0

0

0

0

0

Convicted cases involving product responsibility

Number

0

0

0

0

0

Convicted cases involving anti-competitive behaviour Number

0

0

0

0

0

EHS Related Fines: CDL Managed Properties

Number

2

0

0

2

1

EHS Related Fines: CDL Construction Sites

Number

4

5

10

8

3

Total Amount of Fines

$

22,400

21,100

48,000

73,500

25,200

Environment

I. Energy Usage

Corporate Office

MWh

651

527

450

331

326

Managed Buildings (Total Energy)

MWh

44,368

42,485

39,278

33,125

30,764

Construction Sites (Total Energy)

MWh

5,733

4,538

9,956

7,100

13,756

Renewable Energy (Solar + REC)

MWh

213

1,140

2,065

2,938

1,870

Subsidiaries

CBM1,2,3

MWh

132

607

940

966

1,025

CDL Hospitality Trusts (CDLHT)1

MWh

41,501

40,657

44,800

33,168

47,459

City Serviced Offices

MWh

433

381

325

202

190

Le Grove Serviced Residences (Le Grove)1,3,4

MWh

5

1,045

2,084

1,990

2,041

Tower Club

MWh

983

1,008

1,017

762

790

Millennium &amp; Copthorne Hotels Limited (M&amp;C)

MWh

507,724

492,784

546,560

347,230

330,439

II. Water Usage

Corporate Office5,6

m

3

2,857

2,898

4,067

2,404

1,814

Managed Buildings6

m

3

339,143

311,533

313,507

191,164

170,697

Construction Sites

m

3

158,765

28,999

69,462

94,546

120,155

Conserved water (Construction Sites)

m

3

21,004

48,800

90,010

20,385

70,236

Use of NEWater instead of potable water

m

3

119,242

122,858

87,140

64,417

52,589

1 

Energy from fuel consumption has been included in data from 2018 onwards.

2 

Operations of Ingensys was added upon acquisition by CBM in 2019.

3 

CBM and Le Grove’s 2020 values were corrected to include fuel consumption for vehicles.

4 

Le Grove Serviced Residences was closed for renovation from December 2016 to July 2018.

5 

Estimated numbers were used for Corporate Office water usage in 2018 and January to March 2019 due to the ongoing efforts of installing water meters in CDL Corporate Office, having relocated from City House to Republic Plaza. Water 

consumption data from April 2019 was taken from installed water meters.

6 

Since Corporate Office’s water use data is reported separately, the water use figures for Corporate Office have been separated from managed buildings to avoid double counting.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

129

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




KEY PERFORMANCE 

SUMMARY





































































































































































































Indicator

Unit of Measurement

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

Subsidiaries7

CDLHT

m

3

493,028

514,207

353,202

239,622

299,647

Le Grove8

m

3

-

11,638

31,229

19,002

19,728

Tower Club

m

3

7,235

7,692

8,860

5,685

5,268

M&amp;C

m

3

4,582,223

4,445,746

4,441,932

2,888,659

3,004,369

III. Waste Disposed

Corporate Office

tonnes

17

17

15

7

3

Managed Buildings9

tonnes

4,425

4,220

3,929

2,930

3,121

Construction Sites10

tonnes

3,796

1,345

3,031

3,878

6,914

IV. Waste Recycled

Corporate Office

tonnes

 n/a

 n/a

3

2

3

Managed Buildings9

tonnes

730

693

739

567

551

Construction Sites

tonnes

1,350

1,180

5,160

2,808

4,546

V. GHG Emissions11 

Corporate Office

Scope 1

tonnes CO2e

31

22

19

6

4

Scope 2

tonnes CO2e

224

0

0

0

0

Scope 3

tonnes CO2e

492

410

459

155

79

Managed Buildings

Scope 1

tonnes CO2e

599

1,524

383

1,449

2,642

Scope 2

tonnes CO2e

18,682

17,488

15,715

12,405

11,906

Scope 3

tonnes CO2e

3,614

3,112

2,973

2,330

2,043

Construction Sites

Scope 1

tonnes CO2e

0

0

0

0

0

Scope 2

tonnes CO2e

0

0

0

0

0

Scope 3

tonnes CO2e

2,147

1,277

2,780

2,405

4,076

VI. Total Suspended Solids12

mg/litre

5,370

112

45

49

40

7 

CBM and CSO are tenants within a building and water provided by their landlords is not metered separately.

8 

Le Grove Serviced Residences was closed for renovation from December 2016 to July 2018.

9 

Since corporate office waste data is reported separately, the waste figures for corporate office have been separated from managed buildings to avoid duplication.

10 A more accurate value of waste disposed for Piermont Grand was obtained. Hence, the values in 2019 and 2020 were adjusted to reflect the new total.

11 Scope 2 GHG emissions reflected from 2018 onwards are reported using a market-based method to account for the procured energy attribute certificates. Carbon emissions arising from the construction activity carried out by builders are under 

Scope 3 carbon emissions to align with sector classification of GRI Business Activity Group Descriptions as recommended by the SBTi. 

12 Figures show the highest recorded total suspended solids (TSS) recorded across active construction sites for the reporting year.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

130

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




KEY PERFORMANCE 

SUMMARY















































































































































































Indicator

Unit of Measurement

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

Health and Safety

I. Fatalities

Number

0

0

0

0

0

II. Occupational Diseases

Number

0

0

0

0

0

III. Lost-Time Injury Frequency Rate12

Corporate Office

Number of workplace 

accidents per million 

manhours worked

2.4

1.3

1.3

1.3

0

Managed Buildings

1.1

0.9

2.9

2.613

6.8

Construction Sites

0.13

0.4

0.3

0.4

0.9

IV. Injury Rate14

Corporate Office

WIR: Number of fatal and 

non-fatal workplace injuries 

per 100,000 persons 

employed

Major IR: Number of 

major workplace injuries 

per 100,000 persons 

employed

Minor IR: Number of 

minor workplace injuries 

per 100,000 persons 

employed

505

250

Major IR: 0

Minor IR: 253

Major IR: 0

Minor IR: 243

Major IR: 0

Minor IR: 0

Managed Buildings

311

255

Major IR: 0

Minor IR: 713

Major IR: 0

Minor IR: 613

Major IR: 0

Minor IR: 604

Construction Sites

33

117

Major IR: 0

Minor IR: 52

Major IR: 0

Minor IR: 135

Major IR: 47

Minor IR: 142

Human Capital and Development

Total number of employees

Number

392

400

403

415

408

Full-time female employees

Number

269

274

274

282

279

Full-time male employees

Number

121

122

127

130

127

Part-time female employees

Number

1

2

1

1

2

Part-time male employees

Number

1

2

1

2

1

Female HODs

%

38

50

52

55

15

Male HODs

%

62

50

48

45

17

Employee resignation rate

%

16.0

17.3

16.1

7.0

14.0

Employee involuntary turnover rate

%

4.3

4.1

3.8

4.1

4.7

12 Lost-Time Injury Frequency Rate; CDL had previously reported Accident Frequency Rate (AFR) as defined by MOM.

13 This value has been revised in alignment with what was previously reported in ISR 2021 section, "Achieving A Fair, Safe and Inclusive Business Environment". 

14 To provide more data granularity, from 2019, we reported Major and Minor Injury Rates (IR) instead of the previously reported Workplace Injury Rate (WIR).

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

131

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




KEY PERFORMANCE 

SUMMARY

























































































































































































































































































Indicator

Unit of Measurement

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

Employee training

Average days per 

employee per year 

(rounded up)

4

4

4

6

5

Social Impact

Employee participation rate

%

90

94

88

28

28

Employee volunteer manhours

Hours

3,140

2,899

2,277

322

352

Financial

Revenue

$

3,829 m

4,223 m

3,429 m

2,108 m

2,626 m

Tax paid

$

162 m

211 m

244 m

76 m

100 m

Staff costs

$

831 m

850 m

887 m

517 m

542 m

Profit/(Loss) before tax

$

763 m

876 m

754 m

(1,791) m

228 m

Profit for the year attributable to owners of the 

Company (PATMI)

$

522 m

557 m

565 m

(1,917) m

98 m

Return on equity

%

5.6

5.6

5.4

(22.5)

1.2

Net asset value per share

$

10.33

11.07

11.60

9.38

9.28

Basic earnings per share

$

56.0 cents

59.9 cents

60.8 cents

(212.8) cents

9.3 cents

Ordinary dividend per share

– Final

$

8.0 cents

8.0 cents

8.0 cents

8.0 cents

8.0 cents15

– Special interim

$

4.0 cents

6.0 cents

6.0 cents

-

3.0 cents

– Special final

$

6.0 cents

6.0 cents

6.0 cents

4.0 cents

1.0 cent15

– Distribution in specie of units in  

CDL Hospitality Trusts

$

-

-

-

-

19.1 cents16

Cash and bank balances (including restricted deposits)

$

3,990 m

2,512 m

3,084 m

3,237 m

2,191

Net borrowings

$

1,047 m

3,830 m

6,851 m

8,589 m

9,231 m

Net gearing ratio17

%

9

31

61

93

99

Net gearing ratio if fair value gains on investment 

properties are taken into consideration

%

7

23

43

62

61

Interest cover ratio

Times

13.5

14.9

14.0

3.418

3.019

15 Final and special final tax-exempt (one-tier) ordinary dividends proposed for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 will be subject to the approval of the ordinary shareholders at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.

16 Illustrative valuation based on CDLHT unit price of $1.20.

17 Excludes fair value gains on investment properties as the Group’s accounting policy is to state its investment properties at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.

18 Exclude non-cash impairment losses on investment properties and property, plant and equipment, and net loss from Sincere Property Group.

19 Exclude non-cash reversal of impairment losses on investment properties and property, plant and equipment, net loss from Sincere Group, and negative goodwill on acquisition of subsidiaries.

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

132

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




BREAKDOWN OF 

ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE IN 2021

GHG Emissions Performance from CDL’s Construction Sites

































Project Size

Number of Projects

Site Bid Price 

($mil)

Manhours 

Worked (hr)

GHG Emissions  

(tCO2e)

GHG Intensity

(kgCO2e/$mil/year)

GHG Intensity

(kgCO2e/hr/year)

GFA &gt;80,000m2

1

509

2,434,279

1,548

3,039

0.64

GFA &lt;80,000m2

6

2,955

5,170,491

2,528

855

0.49

GHG Emissions Performance from CDL’s Managed Buildings 































































































Type of Building

Number of 

Buildings

Floor Area  

(m2)

GHG Emissions (tCO2e)

GHG Intensity  

(kgCO2e/m2/year)

Scope 1

Scope 2

Scope 3

Total

Location-based

Market-based

Location-based

Market-based

Location-based

Market-based

Office

8

165,198

1,522

7,940

7,332

1,290

10,752

10,145

65.08

61.41

Retail

2

45,321

1,120

4,465

4,465

733

6,318

6,318

139.41

139.41

Industrial

3

36,333

0

108

108

20

129

129

3.54

3.54

Total

13

246,852

2,642

12,513

11,906

2,043

17,198

16,591

69.67

67.21

Energy and Water Performance from CDL’s Managed Buildings 













































































Type of Building

Number of 

Buildings

Floor Area 

(m2)

Energy 

Potable Water 

NEWater 

Consumption  

(kWh)

Energy Intensity 

(kWh/m2/year)

Consumption  

(m3)

Water Intensity  

(m3/m2/year)

Consumption  

(m3)

Water Intensity  

(m3/m2/year)

Office

8

165,198

19,473,242

117.88

73,144

0.44

52,589

0.32

Retail 

2

45,321

11,025,811

243.28

89,279

1.97

0

0.00

Industrial

3

36,333

265,232

7.30

8,275

0.23

0

0.00

Total

13

246,852

30,764,284

124.63

170,697

0.69

52,589

0.21

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

133

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




ISO 14064 REASONABLE 

ASSURANCE STATEMENT 

RELATING TO THE GHG REPORT 



PREPARED BY CITY DEVELOPMENTS 



LIMITED FOR CALENDAR YEAR 2021



Terms of Engagement



 



This Assurance Statement has been prepared for City 

Developments Limited. 

LRQA Limited (Singapore Branch) (LRQA) was 

commissioned by City Developments Limited (CDL) to assure 

its GHG Emissions Inventory declared in the GHG Report 

for the calendar year 2021 (hereafter referred to as “the 

GHG report”) for its Singapore Operations. 

The GHG Report relates to direct GHG emissions and 

energy indirect GHG emissions and other indirect GHG 

emissions arising from construction main contractors' 

activities (fuel used in power generators and heavy 

vehicles, purchased electricity, electricity upstream 

emissions and transmission losses and water usage) for 

property development operations, electricity upstream 

emissions, distribution and transmission losses, local and 

international courier services, employee commute, overseas 

business travel (excluding the influence of radiative forcing) 

and overseas hotel accommodations, water supply and 

water treatment for corporate office and asset management 

operations, summarised in Table 1 below.

Management Responsibility 



CDL’s management was responsible for preparing the GHG 

Report and for maintaining effective internal controls over 

the data and information disclosed. LRQA’s responsibility 

was to carry out an assurance engagement on the GHG 

Report in accordance with our contract with CDL. 

Ultimately, the Report has been approved by, and remains 

the responsibility of CDL.

LRQA’s Approach 



Our verification has been conducted in accordance with 

ISO 14064–3:2006, ‘Specification with guidance for 

validation and verification of greenhouse gas assertions’ to 

provide reasonable assurance that GHG data as presented 

in the GHG Report have been prepared in conformance 

with ISO 14064–1:2006, ‘Specification with guidance at 

the organizational level for quantification and reporting of 

greenhouse gas emissions and removals’.

To form our conclusions the assurance engagement was 

undertaken as a sampling exercise and covered the 

following activities: 

• conducted the site tour of the following “Corporate 

Office”, “Commercial Buildings”, “Industrial Buildings” 

and remote verification of the following “Property 

Developments Sites” located at the following addresses:  

o Corporate office located at 9, Raffles Place, 

Republic Plaza, #36-00, Singapore 048619. 

o Industrial Buildings:

– Tagore 23 Warehouse located at 23 Tagore 

Lane, Singapore 787601, 

– City Industrial Building located at 71, Tannery 

Lane, Singapore 347807; 

o Commercial Buildings:

– Central Mall Office Tower located at No.1 

Magazine Road, Singapore 059567, 

– City House located at 36 Robinson Road, 

Singapore 068877, 

– Quayside Isle located at 31 Ocean Way, 

Sentosa Cove, Singapore 098375; 

o Property Development &amp; Project Management Sites:

– Whistler Grand located at 105 West Coast 

Vale, Singapore 126757,

– Piermont Grand / Sumang Walk EC located at 

Punggol Way, Singapore 821314,

– Irwell Hill Residences located at 2 Irwell Hill, 

Singapore 239588;

• reviewed processes related to the control of GHG 

emissions data and records; 

• reviewed the GHG Report for conformance with ISO 

14046-1:2006; 

• interviewed key personnel responsible for the 

management of GHG data and information and for the 

preparation of the GHG report at the above facilities; 

• verified, on a sampling basis, the historical GHG 

emissions data and records included in the GHG report 

back to source for the calendar year 2021; 

• verified the emission factors used that included ‘average 

operating margin for electricity grid’ factoring upstream 

fugitive methane emissions, transmission &amp; distribution 

losses, purchase of renewable energy certificates, water 

supply and water treatment, diesel, petrol, refrigerant 

gases, business air travel (excluding the influence of 

radiative forcing), overseas hotel accommodation and 

employee commuting with the source reference and 

confirmed its appropriateness. 

Level of Assurance &amp; Materiality



 



The opinion expressed in this Assurance Statement has 

been formed based on a reasonable level of assurance and 

at a materiality of 5%. 

GRI 2-5

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

134

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements



• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




LRQA’s Opinion



 



Based on LRQA’s approach, the total direct GHG 

emissions and energy indirect GHG emissions and other 

indirect GHG emissions arising from construction main 

contractors' activities (fuel used in power generators and 

heavy vehicles, purchased electricity, electricity upstream 

emissions and transmission losses and water usage) for 

property development operations, electricity upstream 

emissions, distribution and transmission losses, local and 

international courier services, employee commute, overseas 

business travel (excluding the influence of radiative forcing) 

and overseas hotel accommodations, water supply and 

water treatment for corporate office and asset management 

operations, as disclosed in the GHG report and as 

summarized in Table 1 below, are materially correct, and 

that the GHG Report has been prepared in conformance 

with ISO 14064-1:2006.

Dated: 16 February 2022

Cindy Zhang 

LRQA Lead Verifier LRQA Limited (Singapore Branch) 

2 Science Park Drive, #02-05/06, Ascent,  

Singapore 118222 

on behalf of LRQA Limited 

1 Trinity Park, Bickenhill Lane, Birmingham B37 7ES, 

United Kingdom 

LRQA reference number: SNG6034635

This Assurance Statement is subject to the provisions of this 

legal section:

LRQA Group Limited, its affiliates and subsidiaries 

and their respective officers, employees or agents are, 

individually and collectively, referred to in this clause as 

LRQA. LRQA assumes no responsibility and shall not be 

liable to any person for any loss, damage or expense 

caused by reliance on the information or advice in this 

document or howsoever provided, unless that person has 

signed a contract with the relevant LRQA entity for the 

provision of this information or advice and in that case any 

responsibility or liability is exclusively on the terms and 

conditions set out in that contract.

The English version of this Assurance Statement is the only 

valid version. LRQA assumes no responsibility for versions 

translated into other languages.

This Assurance Statement is only valid when published 

with the GHG Report to which it refers. It may only be 

reproduced in its entirety.

Copyright © LRQA, 2022.

Table 1. Summary of CDL GHG Emissions Inventory / Report 2021



 































Scope of GHG emissions

Tonnes CO2e

Direct GHG emissions (Scope 1)

2,645

Energy indirect GHG emissions (Scope 2, Location-based)

12,640

Energy indirect GHG emissions (Scope 2, Market-based)

11,906

Other indirect GHG emissions (Scope 3)

[Other indirect emissions arising from construction main contractors' activities (fuel 

used in power generators and heavy vehicles, purchased electricity, electricity 

upstream emissions and transmission losses and water usage) for property 

development operations, electricity upstream emissions, distribution and transmission 

losses, local and international courier services, employee commute, overseas 

business travel (excluding the influence of radiative forcing) and overseas hotel 

accommodations, water supply and water treatment for corporate office and asset 

management operations]

6,199

Note 1: 

Scope 2, Location-based and Scope 2, Market-based are defined in the GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance, 2015

ISO 14064 REASONABLE 

ASSURANCE STATEMENT 

GRI 2-5





C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

135

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements



• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




INDEPENDENT REASONABLE 

ASSURANCE STATEMENT (GRI, SASB) 

Independent Reasonable Assurance Statement in connection with the Subject Matter included in the 2022 Integrated Sustainability Report of City Developments Limited 

(‘CDL’)

In connection with our engagement letter dated 7 September 2020 and addendums dated March 2021, December 2021 and March 2022, we have been engaged by 

CDL to perform a ‘reasonable assurance engagement,’ as defined by International Standards on Assurance Engagements, here after referred to as the engagement, to 

report on CDL’s selected sustainability information as detailed below (the “Subject Matter”) contained in CDL’s Integrated Sustainability Report 2022 covering the period 

from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021 (the “Report”). 

The Subject Matter   

GRI Standards Disclosures

(A) Highly Critical Material Issues





































Highly Critical Material Issues

Mapped GRI Standards Disclosures

Sub-indicators under "Shall" requirements (referenced as per GRI Standards)

1. Climate Resilience

GRI 305-4

GHG emissions intensity

a. GHG emissions intensity ratio for the organization.

b. Organization-specific metric (the denominator) chosen to calculate the ratio.

c. Types of GHG emissions included in the intensity ratio; whether direct (Scope 1), energy indirect  

(Scope 2), and/or other indirect (Scope 3).

d. Gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all.

2.7. 

When compiling the information specified in Disclosure 305-4, the reporting organization shall:

2.7.1 Calculate the ratio by dividing the absolute GHG emissions (the numerator) by the organization-specific metric 

(the denominator);

2.7.2 If reporting an intensity ratio for other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions, report this intensity ratio separately 

from the intensity ratios for direct (Scope 1) and energy indirect (Scope 2) emissions.

CRE 3

Greenhouse gas emissions 

intensity from buildings

2.1. 

Identify the number and type of buildings, total annual greenhouse gas emissions (kilograms CO2 equivalent), 

and corresponding floor area (in m2) or number of people using the building.

2.2. 

Identify the method used to ensure that the annual kilograms CO2 equivalent and floor area (m2), or numbers 

of persons, are consistent and accurate, thereby taking account of different landlord and tenant metering 

scenarios. In particular, where the reporting organization does not have all energy consumption and 

associated greenhouse gas emissions data for a building

2.3. 

Calculate, using data from 2.1: Greenhouse gas emissions intensity = Sum of annual kilograms CO2 

equivalent / Sum of floor area (m2) or number of people

2.4. 

Report greenhouse gas emissions intensity of buildings in use (on unadjusted basis), based on calculation in 

2.3, by: 

- kg CO2e/m2/year; or 

- kg CO2e/person/year.

2.5. 

Report the methodology used to calculate the greenhouse gas emissions intensity from buildings.

GRI 2-5



C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

136

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements



• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration






































































Highly Critical Material Issues

Mapped GRI Standards Disclosures

Sub-indicators under "Shall" requirements (referenced as per GRI Standards)

1. Climate Resilience

CRE 4

Greenhouse gas 

emissions intensity from 

new construction and 

redevelopment activity

2.1. 

Identify annual turnover (millions) and total annual greenhouse gas emissions (tonnes CO2 equivalent).

2.2. 

Calculate, using data from 2.1: Greenhouse gas emissions intensity = Sum of annual kilograms CO2 

equivalent (tonnes) / Annual turnover from the construction activities (millions)

2.3. 

Report greenhouse gas emissions intensity of construction activities: 

- tonnes CO2e/monetary value (either by turnover or spend or value/year); and 

- other relevant greenhouse gas emissions intensity measures (e.g., per employee hour).

2.4. 

Report how monetary value was identified.

2.5. 

Report the methodology used to calculate the greenhouse gas emissions intensity.

2. Energy Efficiency and Adoption  

of Renewables

GRI 302-3

Energy intensity

a. Energy intensity ratio for the organization.

b. Organization-specific metric (the denominator) chosen to calculate the ratio.

c. Types of energy included in the intensity ratio; whether fuel, electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all.

d. Whether the ratio uses energy consumption within the organization, outside of it, or both.

2.5. 

When compiling the information specified in Disclosure 302-3, the reporting organization shall:

2.5.1 Calculate the ratio by dividing the absolute energy consumption (the numerator) by the organization-specific 

metric (the denominator);

2.5.2 If reporting an intensity ratio both for the energy consumed within the organization and outside of it, report 

these intensity ratios separately.

GRI 302-4

Reduction of energy 

consumption

a. Amount of reductions in energy consumption achieved as a direct result of conservation and efficiency 

initiatives, in joules or multiples.

b. Types of energy included in the reductions; whether fuel, electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all.

c. Basis for calculating reductions in energy consumption, such as base year or baseline, including the 

rationale for choosing it.

d. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used.

2.7. 

When compiling the information specified in Disclosure 302-4, the reporting organization shall:

2.7.1 Exclude reductions resulting from reduced production capacity or outsourcing;

2.7.2 Describe whether energy reduction is estimated, modelled, or sourced from direct measurements. If estimation 

or modelling is used, the organization shall disclose the methods used.

GRI 302-5

Reductions in energy 

requirements of products  

and services

a. Reductions in energy requirements of sold products and services achieved during the reporting period, in 

joules or multiples.

b. Basis for calculating reductions in energy consumption, such as base year or baseline, including the 

rationale for choosing it.

c. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used.

GRI 2-5

INDEPENDENT REASONABLE 

ASSURANCE STATEMENT (GRI, SASB) 

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

137

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements



• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration










































Highly Critical Material Issues

Mapped GRI Standards Disclosures

Sub-indicators under "Shall" requirements (referenced as per GRI Standards)

2.

Energy Efficiency and

Adoption of Renewables

CRE 1

Building Energy Intensity

2.1. 

Identify the number and type of buildings, total annual energy consumption (in kWh) and corresponding floor 

area (in m2), or number of persons using or visiting the buildings.

2.2. 

Identify the method used to ensure that annual energy consumption and floor area, or numbers of persons, 

are consistent and accurate, thereby taking account of different landlord and tenant metering scenarios. In 

particular, where the reporting organization does not have all energy consumption data for a building, it is 

important to ensure that the result of the calculation of energy intensity by building is consistent and accurate, 

for example by:

-

excluding such properties from the aggregation;

-

defining the floor area to cover only the building area serviced by known energy consumption;

-

or revising the overall consumption data to take account of unknown data.

2.3. 

Calculate, using data from 2.1: Building energy intensity = sum of annual kWh energy consumption / sum of 

floor area (m2) or number of people

2.4. 

Report energy intensity of buildings in use (on unadjusted basis), based on calculation in 2.3: 

-

kWh/m2/year; or

-

kWh/person/year.

Energy intensity should be reported by meaningful segmentation, for example by building type, geographic

location, portfolio and fund. Separately, adjustments consistent with a recognized methodology can also be

applied to any of the following factors:

-

hours of operation or working days per week;

-

vacancy;

-

occupant density;

-

heating and cooling (weather correction); or

-

special uses.

2.5. 

Report the methodology used to calculate the energy intensity of the building in use and any adjustments.

3.

Innovation

CRE 8

Type and number of 

sustainability certification, 

rating and labeling schemes 

for new construction, 

management, occupation 

and redevelopment

2.1. 

Report the type and number of mandatory and voluntary sustainability certification, rating or labeling schemes 

in at least one of the following ways:

-

Total number of assets that have achieved a certification, rating or labeling within a portfolio (buildings

and construction projects), and level of certification attained; or

-

Percentage of assets certifications, ratings or labels achieved within a portfolio.

2.2. 

Report building operational performance improvements that result from the introduction of the certification, 

rating or labeling schemes compared to the design specification using any of the criteria of the certification, 

rating or labeling schemes.

4.

Stakeholder Impact and

Partnerships

GRI 201-1

Direct economic value 

generated and distributed

a.

Direct economic value generated and distributed (EVG&amp;D) on an accruals basis, including the basic

components for the organization’s global operations as listed below. If data are presented on a cash

basis, report the justification for this decision in addition to reporting the following basic components:

i.

Economic value distributed: operating costs, employee wages and benefits, payments to providers of

capital, payments to government by country, and community investments;

GRI 2-5

INDEPENDENT REASONABLE 

ASSURANCE STATEMENT (GRI, SASB) 

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

138

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

•



 



Assurance Statements



• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration


















































Highly Critical Material Issues

Mapped GRI Standards Disclosures

Sub-indicators under "Shall" requirements (referenced as per GRI Standards)

4. Stakeholder Impact and 

Partnerships

Non GRI 

NA 

Number of volunteer hours by employees. 

5. Product Quality and Responsibility

GRI 2-29

*limiting the scope to 

“results of customer 

satisfaction surveys”

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement

a. describe its approach to engaging with stakeholders, including:

i. 

the categories of stakeholders it engages with, and how they are identified;

ii. the purpose of the stakeholder engagement;

iii. how the organization seeks to ensure meaningful engagement with stakeholders.

GRI 416-2

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning the health and 

safety impacts of products 

and services

a. Total number of incidents of non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning the 

health and safety impacts of products and services within the reporting period, by:

i. 

Incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a fine or penalty;

ii. Incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a warning;

iii. iii. Incidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes.

b. If the organization has not identified any non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes, a brief 

statement of this fact is sufficient.

2.1. 

When compiling the information specified in Disclosure 416-2, the reporting organization shall:

2.1.1 exclude incidents of non-compliance in which the organization was determined not to be at fault;

2.1.2 exclude incidents of non-compliance related to labeling. Incidents related to labeling are reported in 

Disclosure 417-2 of GRI 417: Marketing and Labeling;

2.1.3 if applicable, identify any incidents of non-compliance that relate to events in periods prior to the reporting 

period.

(B) Critical Material Issues























Critical Material Issues

Mapped GRI Standards Disclosures

Sub-indicators under "Shall" requirements (referenced as per GRI Standards)

6. Economic Contribution to Society

GRI 201-1

Direct economic value 

generated and distributed

a. Direct economic value generated and distributed (EVG&amp;D) on an accruals basis, including the basic 

components for the organization’s global operations as listed below. If data are presented on a cash 

basis, report the justification for this decision in addition to reporting the following basic components: 

b. Economic value distributed: operating costs, employee wages and benefits, payments to providers of 

capital, payments to government by country, and community investments;

7. Occupational Health, Safety and 

Well-being

GRI 403-4

Worker participation, 

consultation, and 

communication on 

occupational health and 

safety

a. A description of the processes for worker participation and consultation in the development, 

implementation, and evaluation of the occupational health and safety management system, and for 

providing access to and communicating relevant information on occupational health and safety to workers.

b. Where formal joint management–worker health and safety committees exist, a description of their 

responsibilities, meeting frequency, decision-making authority, and whether and, if so, why any workers 

are not represented by these committees.

GRI 2-5

INDEPENDENT REASONABLE 

ASSURANCE STATEMENT (GRI, SASB) 

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

139

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements



• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration


































































Critical Material Issues

Mapped GRI Standards Disclosures

Sub-indicators under "Shall" requirements (referenced as per GRI Standards)

7. Occupational Health, Safety and 

Well-being

GRI 403-8

Workers covered by an 

occupational health and 

safety management system

a. If the organization has implemented an occupational health and safety management system based on 

legal requirements and/or recognized standards/guidelines:

i. 

the number and percentage of all employees and workers who are not employees but whose work 

and/or workplace is controlled by the organization, who are covered by such a system;

ii. the number and percentage of all employees and workers who are not employees but whose work 

and/or workplace is controlled by the organization, who are covered by such a system that has been 

internally audited;

b. Whether and, if so, why any workers have been excluded from this disclosure, including the types of 

worker excluded.

c. Any contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been compiled, such as any 

standards, methodologies, and assumptions used.

GRI 403-9

Work-related injuries

a. For all employees:

i. 

The number and rate of fatalities as a result of work-related injury;

ii. The number and rate of high-consequence work-related injuries (excluding fatalities);

iii. The number and rate of recordable work-related injuries;

iv. The main types of work-related injury;

v. The number of hours worked.

b. For all workers who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the 

organization:

i. 

The number and rate of fatalities as a result of work-related injury;

ii. The number and rate of high-consequence work-related injuries (excluding fatalities);

iii. The number and rate of recordable work-related injuries;

iv. The main types of work-related injury;

v. The number of hours worked.

c. The work-related hazards that pose a risk of high-consequence injury, including:

i. 

how these hazards have been determined;

ii. which of these hazards have caused or contributed to high-consequence injuries during the reporting 

period;

iii. actions taken or underway to eliminate these hazards and minimize risks using the hierarchy of controls.

d. Any actions taken or underway to eliminate other work-related hazards and minimize risks using the 

hierarchy of controls.

e. Whether the rates have been calculated based on 200,000 or 1,000,000 hours worked.

f. 

Whether and, if so, why any workers have been excluded from this disclosure, including the types of 

worker excluded.

g. Any contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been compiled, such as any 

standards, methodologies, and assumptions used.

GRI 2-5

INDEPENDENT REASONABLE 

ASSURANCE STATEMENT (GRI, SASB) 

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

140

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements



• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration






























































Critical Material Issues

Mapped GRI Standards Disclosures

Sub-indicators under "Shall" requirements (referenced as per GRI Standards)

7. Occupational Health, Safety and 

Well-being

GRI 403-9

Work-related injuries

2.1. 

When compiling the information specified in Disclosure 403-9, the reporting organization shall:

2.1.1. exclude fatalities in the calculation of the number and rate of high-consequence work-related injuries;

2.1.2. include fatalities as a result of work-related injury in the calculation of the number and rate of recordable work-

related injuries;

2.1.3. include injuries as a result of commuting incidents only where the transport has been organized by the 

organization;

2.1.4. calculate the rates based on either 200,000 or 1,000,000 hours worked, using the following formulas:

Rate of fatalities as a result of work-related injury = Number of fatalities as a result of work-related injury / 

Number of hours worked x [200,000 or 1,000,000]

Rate of high-consequence work-related injuries (excluding fatalities) = Number of high-consequence work-

related injuries (excluding fatalities) / Number of hours worked x [200,000 or 1,000,000]

Rate of recordable work-related injuries = Number of recordable work-related injuries / Number of hours 

worked x [200,000 or 1,000,000]

8. Water and Waste Management

GRI 303-3

Water withdrawal

a. Total water withdrawal from all areas in megaliters, and a breakdown of this total by the following 

sources, if applicable:

i. 

Surface water;

ii. Groundwater;

iii. Seawater;

iv. Produced water;

v. Third-party water.

b. Total water withdrawal from all areas with water stress in megaliters, and a breakdown of this total by the 

following sources, if applicable:

i. 

Surface water;

ii. Groundwater;

iii. Seawater;

iv. Produced water;

v. Third-party water, and a breakdown of this total by the withdrawal sources listed in i-iv.

c. A breakdown of total water withdrawal from each of the sources listed in Disclosures 303-3-a and 303-3-

b in megaliters by the following categories:

i. 

Freshwater (≤1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids);

ii. Other water (&gt;1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids).

d. Any contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been compiled, such as any 

standards, methodologies, and assumptions used.

2.1. 

When compiling the information specified in Disclosure 303-3, the reporting organization shall use publicly 

available and credible tools and methodologies for assessing water stress in an area.

GRI 2-5

INDEPENDENT REASONABLE 

ASSURANCE STATEMENT (GRI, SASB) 

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

141

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements



• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




























































Critical Material Issues

Mapped GRI Standards Disclosures

Sub-indicators under "Shall" requirements (referenced as per GRI Standards)

8. Water and Waste Management

CRE 2

Building water intensity

2.1. 

Identify the number and type of buildings, total annual water consumption (in liters or m3) and corresponding 

floor area (in m2), or number of persons using or visiting the buildings. 

2.2. 

Identify the method used to ensure that annual liters or m3 of water consumption and floor area (m2), or 

number of persons, are consistent and accurate, thereby taking account of different landlord and tenant 

metering scenarios.

2.3. 

Calculate, using data from 2.1: Building water intensity = Sum of annual litres or m3 water consumption) / 

Sum of floor area (m2) or number of persons

2.4. 

Report water intensity of buildings in use (on unadjusted basis), based on calculation in 2.3, by: 

- 

liters/person/year; or

- 

m3/m2/year.

2.5. 

Report the methodology used to calculate the water intensity of the building in use and adjusted intensity 

indicator. 

GRI 306-3

Waste generated

a. Total weight of waste generated in metric tons, and a breakdown of this total by composition of the waste.

b. Contextual information necessary to understand the data and how the data has been compiled.

GRI 306-4

Waste diverted from 

disposal

a. Total weight of waste diverted from disposal in metric tons, and a breakdown of this total by composition 

of the waste.

b. Total weight of hazardous waste diverted from disposal in metric tons, and a breakdown of this total by 

the following recovery operations:

i. 

Preparation for reuse

ii. Recycling

iii. Other recovery operations

c. Total weight of non-hazardous waste diverted from disposal in metric tons, and a breakdown of this total 

by the following recovery operations:

i. 

Preparation for reuse

ii. Recycling

iii  Other recovery operations

d. For each recovery operation listed in Disclosures 306-4-b and 306-4-c, a breakdown of the total weight in 

metric tons of hazardous waste and of non-hazardous waste diverted from disposal:

i. 

onsite

ii. offsite

e. Contextual information necessary to understand the data and how the data has been compiled.

GRI 2-5

INDEPENDENT REASONABLE 

ASSURANCE STATEMENT (GRI, SASB) 

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

142

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements



• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration


























































Critical Material Issues

Mapped GRI Standards Disclosures

Sub-indicators under "Shall" requirements (referenced as per GRI Standards)

8. Water and Waste Management

GRI 306-5

Waste directed to disposal

a. Total weight of waste directed to disposal in metric tons, and a breakdown of this total by composition of 

the waste.

b. Total weight of hazardous waste directed to disposal in metric tons, and a breakdown of this total by the 

following disposal operations:

i. 

Incineration (with energy recovery)

ii. Incineration (without energy recovery)

iii. Landfilling

iv. Other disposal operations

c. Total weight of non-hazardous waste directed to disposal in metric tons, and a breakdown of this total by 

the following disposal operations:

i. 

Incineration (with energy recovery)

ii. Incineration (without energy recovery)

iii. Landfilling

iv. Other disposal operations

d. For each disposal operation listed in Disclosures 306-5-b and 306-5-c, a breakdown of the total weight in 

metric tons of hazardous waste and of non-hazardous waste directed to disposal:

i. onsite

ii. offsite

e. Contextual information necessary to understand the data and how the data has been compiled.

9. Ethical and Transparent Business

GRI 205-2

Communication and training 

about anti-corruption policies 

and procedures

a. Total number and percentage of governance body members that the organization’s anti-corruption policies 

and procedures have been communicated to, broken down by region.

b. Total number and percentage of employees that the organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures 

have been communicated to, broken down by employee category and region.

c. Total number and percentage of business partners that the organization’s anti-corruption policies and 

procedures have been communicated to, broken down by type of business partner and region. Describe if 

the organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to any other persons 

or organizations.

d. Total number and percentage of governance body members that have received training on anti-corruption, 

broken down by region.

e. Total number and percentage of employees that have received training on anti-corruption, broken down 

by employee category and region.

GRI 2-5

INDEPENDENT REASONABLE 

ASSURANCE STATEMENT (GRI, SASB) 

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

143

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements



• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration








































Critical Material Issues

Mapped GRI Standards Disclosures

Sub-indicators under "Shall" requirements (referenced as per GRI Standards)

9.

Ethical and Transparent Business

GRI 205-3

Confirmed incidents of 

corruption and actions taken

a.

Total number and nature of confirmed incidents of corruption through the defined whistle blowing channels

b.

Public legal cases regarding corruption brought against the organization or its employees during the

reporting period and the outcomes of such cases.

c.

Total number of confirmed incidents when contracts with business partners were terminated or not

renewed due to violations related to corruption.

d.

Public legal cases regarding corruption brought against the organization or its employees during the

reporting period and the outcomes of such cases.

GRI 2-27

*limiting the scope to

non-compliance with

environmental laws

and regulations only”

Compliance with laws and 

regulations

Limited to only environmental

a.

Report the total number of significant instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations during the

reporting periods, and a breakdown of this total by:

i.

Instances for which fines were incurred;

ii.

Instances for which non-monetary sanctions were incurred;

b.

Report the total number and the monetary value of fines for instances of non-compliance with laws and

regulations that were paid during the reporting period, and a breakdown of this total by:

i.

Fines for instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations that occurred in the current reporting

period;

ii.

Fines for instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations that occurred in previous reporting

periods;

c.

Describe the significant instances of non-compliance;

d.

Describe how it has determined significant instances of non-compliance.

(C) Moderate Material Issues

































Moderate Material Issues

Mapped GRI Standards Disclosures

Sub-indicators under "Shall" requirements (referenced as per GRI Standards)

10. Healthy Buildings

GRI 416-1

Assessment of the health and 

safety impacts of product 

and service categories

a.

Percentage of significant product and service categories for which health and safety impacts are assessed

for improvement.

11. Diversity and Inclusion

GRI 405-1

Diversity of governance 

bodies and employees

a.

Percentage of individuals within the organization’s governance bodies in each of the following diversity

categories:

i.

Gender;

ii.

Age group: under 30 years old, 30-50 years old, over 50 years old;

iii. Other indicators of diversity where relevant (such as minority or vulnerable groups).

b.

Percentage of employees per employee category in each of the following diversity categories:

i.

Gender;

ii.

Age group: under 30 years old, 30-50 years old, over 50 years old;

iii. Other indicators of diversity where relevant (such as minority or vulnerable groups).

GRI 2-5

INDEPENDENT REASONABLE 

ASSURANCE STATEMENT (GRI, SASB) 

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

144

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

•



 



Assurance Statements



• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration


























































































Moderate Material Issues

Mapped GRI Standards Disclosures

Sub-indicators under "Shall" requirements (referenced as per GRI Standards)

12. Responsible Supply Chain 

GRI 308-1

New suppliers that 

were screened using 

environmental criteria

a. Percentage of new suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria.

GRI 414-1

New suppliers that were 

screened using social criteria

b. Percentage of new suppliers that were screened using social criteria.

13. Cyber-readiness, security and 

data privacy

GRI 418-1

Substantiated complaints 

concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses 

of customer data

a. Total number of substantiated complaints received concerning breaches of customer privacy, categorized by:

i. 

Complaints received from outside parties and substantiated by the organization;

ii. Complaints from regulatory bodies.

b. Total number of identified leaks, thefts, or losses of customer data.

c. If the organization has not identified any substantiated complaints, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient.

2.1. 

When compiling the information specified in Disclosure 418-1, the reporting organization shall indicate if a 

substantial number of these breaches relate to events in preceding years.

14. Future-ready Workforce

GRI 404-1

Average hours of training 

per year per employee

a. Average hours of training that the organization’s employees have undertaken during the reporting period, by:

i. 

Gender

ii. Employee category

15. Human Rights and Labour 

Conditions

GRI 401-1

New employee hires and 

employee turnover

a. Total number and rate of new employee hires during the reporting period, by age group, gender and region.

b. Total number and rate of employee turnover during the reporting period, by age group, gender and region.

GRI 406-1

Incidents of discrimination 

and corrective actions taken

a. Total number of incidents of discrimination during the reporting period.

b. Status of the incidents and actions taken with reference to the following:

i. 

Incident reviewed by the organization;

ii. Remediation plans being implemented;

iii. Remediation plans that have been implemented, with results reviewed through routine internal 

management review processes;

iv. Incident no longer subject to action.

2.1. 

When compiling the information specified in Disclosure 406-1, the reporting organization shall include 

incidents of discrimination on grounds of race, color, sex, religion, political opinion, national extraction, or 

social origin as defined by the ILO, or other relevant forms of discrimination involving internal and/or external 

stakeholders across operations in the reporting period.

GRI 409-1

Operations and suppliers at 

significant risk for incidents 

of forced or compulsory 

labor

a. Operations and suppliers considered to have significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor 

either in terms of:

i. 

Type of operation (such as manufacturing plant) and supplier;

ii. Countries or geographic areas with operations and suppliers considered at risk.

b. Measures taken by the organization in the reporting period intended to contribute to the elimination of all 

forms of forced or compulsory labor.

GRI 2-5

INDEPENDENT REASONABLE 

ASSURANCE STATEMENT (GRI, SASB) 

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

145

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements



• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




























































Moderate Material Issues

Mapped GRI Standards Disclosures

Sub-indicators under "Shall" requirements (referenced as per GRI Standards)

16. Biodiversity Conservation 

GRI 304-1

Operational sites owned, 

leased, managed in, or 

adjacent to, protected 

areas and areas of high 

biodiversity value outside 

protected areas

a. For each operational site owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, protected areas and areas of high 

biodiversity value outside protected areas, the following information:

i. 

Geographic location;

ii. Subsurface and underground land that may be owned, leased, or managed by the organization;

iii. Position in relation to the protected area (in the area, adjacent to, or containing portions of the 

protected area) or the high biodiversity value area outside protected areas;

iv. Type of operation (office, manufacturing or production, or extractive);

v. Size of operational site in km2 (or another unit, if appropriate);

vi. Biodiversity value characterized by the attribute of the protected area or area of high biodiversity 

value outside the protected area (terrestrial, freshwater, or maritime ecosystem)

vii. Biodiversity value characterized by listing of protected status (such as IUCN Protected Area 

Management Categories, Ramsar Convention, national legislation).

viii. Biodiversity value characterized by the attribute of the protected area or area of high biodiversity 

value outside the protected area (terrestrial, freshwater, or maritime ecosystem);

ix. Biodiversity value characterized by listing of protected status (such as IUCN Protected Area 

Management Categories, Ramsar Convention, national legislation).

GRI 304-2

Significant impacts of 

activities, products, and 

services on biodiversity

a. Nature of significant direct and indirect impacts on biodiversity with reference to one or more of the 

following:

i. 

Construction or use of manufacturing plants, mines, and transport infrastructure;

ii. Pollution (introduction of substances that do not naturally occur in the habitat from point and non-point 

sources);

iii. Introduction of invasive species, pests, and pathogens;

iv. Reduction of species;

v. Habitat conversion;

vi. Changes in ecological processes outside the natural range of variation (such as salinity or changes in 

groundwater level).

b. Significant direct and indirect positive and negative impacts with reference to the following:

i. 

Species affected;

ii. Extent of areas impacted;

iii. Duration of impacts;

iv. Reversibility or irreversibility of the impacts.

GRI 2-5

INDEPENDENT REASONABLE 

ASSURANCE STATEMENT (GRI, SASB) 

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

146

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements



• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration
























Moderate Material Issues

Mapped GRI Standards Disclosures

Sub-indicators under "Shall" requirements (referenced as per GRI Standards)

16. Biodiversity Conservation

GRI 304-4

IUCN Red List species and 

national conservation list 

species with habitats in 

areas affected by operations

a. Total number of IUCN Red List species and national conservation list species with habitats in areas 

affected by the operations of the organization, by level of extinction risk:

i. 

Critically endangered

ii. Endangered

iii. Vulnerable

iv. Near threatened

v. Least concern

SASB Real Estate Industry Standard



 









































Topic 

SASB Accounting Metric

Energy Management

Energy consumption data coverage as a percentage of total floor area, by property subsector

(1) Total energy consumed by portfolio area with data coverage, (2) percentage grid electricity, and (3) percentage renewable, by property subsector

Like-for-like percentage change in energy consumption for the portfolio area with data coverage, by property subsector 

Percentage of eligible portfolio (1) has an energy rating and (2) is certified to ENERGY STAR, by property subsector 

Description of how building energy management considerations are integrated into property investment analysis and operational strategy

Water Management

Water withdrawal data coverage as a percentage of (1) total floor area and (2) floor area in regions with High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress, by property 

subsector

(1) Total water withdrawn by portfolio area with data coverage and (2) percentage in regions with High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress, by property subsector

Like-for-like percentage change in water withdrawn for portfolio area with data coverage, by property subsector

Description of water management risks and discussion of strategies and practices to mitigate those risks 

Management of Tenant  

Sustainability Impacts

(1) Percentage of new leases that contain a cost recovery clause for resource efficiency-related capital improvements and (2) associated leased floor area, by property 

subsector

Percentage of tenants that are separately metered or sub-metered for (1) grid electricity consumption and (2) water withdrawals, by property subsector

Discussion of approach to measuring, incentivising, and improving sustainability impacts of tenants

Climate Change Adaptation

Area of properties located in 100-year flood zones, by property subsector

Description of climate change risk exposure analysis, degree of systematic portfolio exposure, and strategies for mitigating risks

* 

The above subject matters only cover operations wholly owned and directly managed by CDL’s Singapore headquarters, excluding subsidiaries.

GRI 2-5

INDEPENDENT REASONABLE 

ASSURANCE STATEMENT (GRI, SASB) 

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

147

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements



• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




Criteria applied by CDL 

In preparing the report, CDL applied the GRI Sustainability 

Reporting Standards (‘GRI Standards’), SASB Real Estate 

Industry Standard (‘Criteria’). Such Criteria were specifically 

designed for sustainability performance; as a result, the 

subject matter may not be suitable for another purpose.

Management’s and Board of Directors’ responsibility 

Management is responsible for selecting Criteria, and 

for presenting the Subject Matter in accordance with that 

Criteria, in all material respects. This responsibility includes 

establishing and maintaining internal controls, maintaining 

adequate records and making estimates that are relevant 

to the preparation of the subject matter, such that it is free 

from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 

The Board has ultimate responsibility for the company’s 

sustainability reporting. For the purpose of the 2022 

Integrated Sustainability Report, there are no legally 

prescribed requirements relating to the verification of 

sustainability reports.

Auditor’s responsibility 

Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the 

presentation of the Subject Matter based on the evidence 

we have obtained. 

We conducted our engagement in accordance with the 

International Standard for Assurance Engagements Other 

Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information 

(‘ISAE 3000’) and the terms of reference for this engagement 

as agreed with CDL on 7 September 2020 and addendums 

dated March 2021, December 2021 and March 2022. 

Those standards require that we plan and perform our 

engagement to obtain reasonable assurance about whether, 

in all material respects, the Subject Matter is presented in 

accordance with the Criteria, and to issue a report. The 

nature, timing, and extent of the procedures selected depend 

on our judgment, including an assessment of the risk of 

material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 

We believe that the evidence obtained is sufficient 

and appropriate to provide a basis for our reasonable 

assurance conclusions.

Our review was limited to the information on the select 

indicators set out within the Report from 01 January 2021 

to 31 December 2021 and our responsibility does not 

include:

• Any work in respect of sustainability information 

published elsewhere in CDL’s annual report, website 

and other publications,

• Sustainability information prior to 01 January 2021 

and subsequent to 31 December 2021, and

• Management’s forward looking statements such as 

targets, plans and intentions.

Auditor’s Independence and Quality Control

We have complied with the independence and other 

ethical requirements of the Accounting and Corporate 

Regulatory Authority (ACRA) Code of Professional Conduct 

and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities 

(ACRA Code), which is founded on fundamental principles 

of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due 

care, confidentiality and professional behaviour.

Our firm applies Singapore Standards on Quality Control 

1 of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants and, 

accordingly, maintains a comprehensive system of quality 

control including documented policies and procedures 

regarding compliance with ethical requirements, 

professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory 

requirements.

We have the required competencies and experience to 

conduct this assurance engagement. Our professionals 

have experience in both assurance skills and in the 

applicable subject matter including environmental, social 

and financial aspects.

Description of procedures performed 

A reasonable assurance engagement consists of making 

enquiries and applying analytical, controls testing, and 

other evidence-gathering procedures sufficient for us to 

obtain a meaningful level of assurance as the basis for 

providing a positive form of conclusion. 

GRI 2-5

INDEPENDENT REASONABLE 

ASSURANCE STATEMENT (GRI, SASB)

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

148

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements



• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




While we considered the effectiveness of the Management’s 

internal controls when determining the nature and extent 

of our procedures, our assurance engagement was not 

designed to provide assurance on internal controls. Our 

procedures did not include testing controls or performing 

procedures relating to checking aggregation or calculation 

of data within IT systems. 

Our procedures performed included, but were not limited to:

1. Inquiring CDL’s Sustainability team to 

a. Understand principal business operations, 

b. Appreciate key sustainability issues and 

developments,

c. Map out information flow for sustainability reporting 

and the controls on information collation,

d. Identify data providers with their responsibilities, and 

e. Recognise the likelihood of possible manipulation of 

sustainability data.

2. Conducting process walk-through of systems and 

processes for data aggregation and reporting, with 

relevant personnel to understand the quality of checks 

and control mechanisms, assessing and testing the 

controls in relation to the concerned subject matters in 

the Report

3. Interviewing employees and management (Sustainability 

committee, human resources, property &amp; facilities 

management, environment health &amp; safety, internal 

audit, enterprise risk management, projects) to 

understand key sustainability issues related to the select 

indicators and processes for the collection and accurate 

reporting of performance information

4. Obtaining documentation through sampling methods to 

verify assumptions, estimations and computations made 

by management in relation to the concerned subject 

matters in the Report

5. Checking that data and statements had been correctly 

transcribed from corporate systems and / or supporting 

evidence, into the Report

6. Obtaining various certifications, audit reports and 

financial statement report in relation to the concerned 

subject matters in the Report

7. Seeking management representations on key assertions

We also performed such other procedures as we 

considered necessary in the circumstances.

Observations and areas for improvement

Our observations and areas for improvement will be 

raised in an internal report to CDL’s Management. These 

observations do not affect our conclusions on the Report set 

out below. 

Conclusion 

In our opinion, the Subject Matter as of 30 March 2022 

for the year ended 31 December 2021 is presented, in all 

material respects in accordance with the Criteria. 

Restricted use 

This report is intended solely for the information and  

use of the Management of CDL and is not intended to 

be and should not be used by anyone other than those 

specified parties.



Ernst &amp; Young LLP

Signed for Ernst &amp; Young LLP by

Simon Yeo

Partner, Climate Change and Sustainability Services

Singapore

30 March 2022

GRI 2-5

INDEPENDENT REASONABLE 

ASSURANCE STATEMENT (GRI, SASB)

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

149

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements



• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




INDEPENDENT LIMITED 

ASSURANCE STATEMENT (CDSB, TCFD)

Independent Limited Assurance Statement in connection with the Subject Matter included in the 2022 Integrated Sustainability Report of City Developments Limited (‘CDL’)

In connection with our engagement letter dated 7 September 2020 and addendums dated March 2021, December 2021 and March 2022, we have been engaged by CDL 

to perform a ‘limited assurance engagement’, as defined by International Standards on Assurance Engagements, here after referred to as the engagement, to report on CDL’s 

selected sustainability information as detailed below (the “Subject Matter”) contained in CDL’s Integrated Sustainability Report 2022 covering the period from  

01 January 2021 to 31 December 2021 (the “Report”).

 

The Subject matter



Climate Disclosure Standards Board





























Principles 

Elaboration

P2

Disclosures shall be faithfully represented

P3

Disclosures shall be connected with other information in the mainstream report

P4

Disclosures shall be consistent and comparable

P5

Disclosures shall be clear and understandable

P6

Disclosures shall be verifiable

P7

Disclosures shall be forward looking







































Requirements 

Disclosures under “shall” requirements

REQ-01 Governance

Disclosures shall describe the governance of environmental policies, strategy and information.

REQ-02 Management’s environmental 

policies, strategy and targets

Disclosures shall report management’s environmental policies, strategy and targets, including the indicators, plans and timelines used to assess 

performance.

REQ-03 Risks and opportunities 

Disclosures shall explain the material current and anticipated environmental risks and opportunities affecting the organisation.

REQ-04 Sources of environmental impacts Quantitative and qualitative results, together with the methodologies used to prepare them, shall be reported to reflect material sources of 

environmental impact.

REQ-05 Performance and comparative 

analysis

Disclosures shall include an analysis of the information disclosed in REQ-04 compared with any performance targets set and with results reported in 

previous periods.

REQ-06 Outlook

Management shall summarise their conclusions about the effect of environmental impacts, risks and opportunities on the organisation’s future 

performance and position.

REQ-07 Organisational boundary

Environmental information shall be prepared for the entities within the boundary of the organisation, or group, for which the mainstream report is 

prepared and, where appropriate, shall distinguish information reported for entities and activities outside that boundary. The basis on which the 

organisational reporting boundary has been determined shall be described.

REQ-08 Reporting policies

Disclosures shall cite the reporting provisions used for preparing environmental information and shall confirm that they have been used consistently 

from one reporting period to the next.

REQ-09 Reporting period

Disclosures shall be provided on an annual basis.

GRI 2-5



C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

150

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements



• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration


















Requirements 

Disclosures under “shall” requirements

REQ-10 Restatements

Disclosures shall report and explain any prior year restatements.

REQ-11 Conformance

Disclosures shall include a statement of conformance with the CDSB Framework.

REQ-12 Assurance

If assurance has been provided over whether reported environmental information is in conformance with the principles and requirements of the 

CDSB Framework, this shall be included or cross-referenced in the statement of conformance (REQ-11).

Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Recommendations



CDL’s disclosures in relation to the TCFD Recommendations, as presented in CDL’s 2022 Integrated Sustainability Report which excludes the assumptions and approach supporting CDL’s scenario 

analysis and portfolio analysis. 

































TCFD elements

Recommended disclosures 

Governance

a) Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities

b) Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities.

Strategy

a) Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, medium, and long term.

b) Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning

c)

Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario.

Risk Management

a) Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks.

b) Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-related risks.

c)

Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall risk management.

Metrics &amp; Targets 

a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process.

b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the related risks.

c)

Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets.

*

The above subject matters only cover operations wholly owned and directly managed by CDL’s Singapore headquarters, excluding subsidiaries.

** For CDSB, the scope of assurance covers environmental information relating to energy, emissions, climate change, water and waste management. Our assurance scope does not cover Principle 1 Environmental information shall be prepared

applying the principles of relevance and materiality. 

GRI 2-5

INDEPENDENT LIMITED 

ASSURANCE STATEMENT (CDSB, TCFD)

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

151

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

•



 



Assurance Statements



• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




Criteria applied by CDL 

In preparing the report, CDL applied the CDSB Framework 

and TCFD Recommendations (‘Criteria’).  Such Criteria 

were specifically designed for sustainability performance; 

as a result, the subject matter may not be suitable for 

another purpose.

Management’s and Board of Directors’ responsibility 

Management is responsible for selecting Criteria, and 

for presenting the Subject Matter in accordance with that 

Criteria, in all material respects. This responsibility includes 

establishing and maintaining internal controls, maintaining 

adequate records and making estimates that are relevant 

to the preparation of the subject matter, such that it is free 

from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 

The Board has ultimate responsibility for the company’s 

sustainability reporting. For the purpose of the 2022 

Integrated Sustainability Report, there are no legally 

prescribed requirements relating to the verification of 

sustainability reports.

Auditor’s responsibility 

Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the 

presentation of the Subject Matter based on the evidence 

we have obtained. 

We conducted our engagement in accordance with the 

International Standard for Assurance Engagements Other 

Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information 

(‘ISAE 3000’) and the terms of reference for this 

engagement as agreed with CDL on 7 September 2020 

and addendums March 2021, December 2021, March 

2022. Those standards require that we plan and perform 

our engagement to obtain limited assurance about whether, 

in all material respects, the Subject Matter is presented 

in accordance with the Criteria, and to issue a report. 

The nature, timing, and extent of the procedures selected 

depend on our judgment, including an assessment of the 

risk of material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 

We believe that the evidence obtained is sufficient and 

appropriate to provide a basis for our limited assurance 

conclusions.

Our review was limited to the information on the  

select indicators set out within the Report from 1 January 

2021 to 31 December 2021 and our responsibility does 

not include:

• Any work in respect of sustainability information 

published elsewhere in CDL’s annual report, website 

and other publications,

• Sustainability information prior to 1 January 2021 and 

subsequent to 31 December 2021, and

• Management’s forward looking statements such as 

targets, plans and intentions.

Auditor’s Independence and Quality Control

We have complied with the independence and other 

ethical requirements of the Accounting and Corporate 

Regulatory Authority (ACRA) Code of Professional Conduct 

and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities 

(ACRA Code), which is founded on fundamental principles 

of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due 

care, confidentiality and professional behaviour.

Our firm applies Singapore Standards on Quality Control 

1 of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants and, 

accordingly, maintains a comprehensive system of quality 

control including documented policies and procedures 

regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional 

standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

We have the required competencies and experience to 

conduct this assurance engagement. Our professionals 

have experience in both assurance skills and in the 

applicable subject matter including environmental, social 

and financial aspects.

Description of procedures performed 

Procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement 

vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for 

a reasonable assurance engagement. Consequently the level 

of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement 

is substantially lower than the assurance that would have 

been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement 

been performed. Our procedures were designed to 

obtain a limited level of assurance on which to base our 

conclusion and do not provide all the evidence that would be 

required to provide a reasonable level of assurance.

While we considered the effectiveness of management’s 

internal controls when determining the nature and extent 

of our procedures, our assurance engagement was not 

designed to provide assurance on internal controls. Our 

procedures did not include testing controls or performing 

GRI 2-5

INDEPENDENT LIMITED 

ASSURANCE STATEMENT (CDSB, TCFD)

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

152

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements



• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




procedures relating to checking aggregation or calculation 

of data within IT systems.

A limited assurance engagement consists of making 

enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for preparing 

the Subject Matter and related information, and applying 

analytical and other appropriate procedures.

Our procedures included

1. Inquiring with CDL’s Sustainability team to 

a. Understand principal business operations, 

b. Appreciate key sustainability issues and 

developments,

c. Map out information flow for sustainability reporting 

and the controls on information collation,

d. Identify data providers with their responsibilities, 

and 

e. Recognise the likelihood of possible manipulation of 

sustainability data.

2. Conducting process walk-through of systems and 

processes for data aggregation and reporting, with 

relevant personnel to understand the quality of checks 

and control mechanisms, assessing and testing the 

controls in relation to the concerned subject matters in 

the Report

3. Interviewing employees and management (Sustainability 

committee and environment health &amp; safety) to 

understand key sustainability issues related to the select 

indicators and processes for the collection and accurate 

reporting of performance information

4. Obtaining documentation through sampling methods to 

verify assumptions, estimations and computations made 

by management in relation to the concerned subject 

matters in the Report

5. Checking that data and statements had been correctly 

transcribed from corporate systems and / or supporting 

evidence, into the Report

6. Obtaining relevant reports in relation to the concerned 

subject matters in the Report

7. Seeking management representations on key assertions

We also performed such other procedures as we 

considered necessary in the circumstances.

Observations and areas for improvement

Our observations and areas for improvement will be 

raised in an internal report to CDL’s Management. These 

observations do not affect our conclusions on the Report set 

out below. 

Conclusion

Based on our procedures and the evidence obtained, we 

are not aware of any material modifications that should 

be made to the Subject Matter as of 30 March 2022 for 

the year ended 31 December 2021, in order for it to be in 

accordance with the Criteria.

Restricted use 

This report is intended solely for the information and  

use of the Management of CDL and is not intended to 

be and should not be used by anyone other than those 

specified parties.



Ernst &amp; Young LLP

Signed for Ernst &amp; Young LLP by

Simon Yeo

Partner, Climate Change and Sustainability Services

Singapore

30 March 2022

GRI 2-5

INDEPENDENT LIMITED 

ASSURANCE STATEMENT (CDSB, TCFD)

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

153

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements



• GRI Content Index

• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




GRI 

CONTENT INDEX

For the GRI Content Index – Essentials Service, GRI reviewed that Disclosures 2-1, 2-2, 2-3, 2-4, 2-5, 3-1 and 3-2 are correctly located in both 

the GRI Content Index and in the text of the final report when it is published.

The CDL Annual Report (AR) 2021 can be found here.









Statement of use

City Developments Limited has reported in accordance with the GRI Standards for the period 1 Jan 2021 to 31 Dec 2021.

GRI 1 used

GRI 1: Foundation 2021

Applicable GRI Sector Standard(s)

GRI G4 Construction and Real Estate Sector (CRES). We will be validating our list of material ESG issues with the latest GRI Sector Standard for our industry 

when it is published by GRI.























































































































































































































GRI Standard/ 

Other Source

Disclosure

Location 

Omission

Mapped to 

SDGs

Externally 

Assured (Y/N)

Requirement(s) 

Omitted

Reason

Explanation

General disclosures

GRI 2: General 

Disclosures 2021

2-1 

Organizational details

5

N

2-2 

Entities included in the organization’s sustainability reporting

114

N

2-3 

Reporting period, frequency and contact point

114-115

N

2-4 

Restatements of information

58, 61, 67, 77, 114-115

N

2-5 

External assurance

114-115, 134-153

N

2-6 

Activities, value chain and other business relationships

5, 37

N

2-7 

Employees

92-93

N

2-8 

Workers who are not employees

89-90

N

2-9 

Governance structure and composition

AR 2021 (32-33, 38-39)

N

2-10 

Nomination and selection of the highest governance body

AR 2021 (41-42)

N

2-11 

Chair of the highest governance body

AR 2021 (32)

N

2-12 

Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the 

management of impacts

14-15, AR 2021 (32-33)

N

2-13 

Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts

14

N

2-14 

Role of the highest governance body in sustainability 

reporting

14, 24, 113-114, 

N

2-15 

Conflicts of interest

AR 2021 (25-29, 33, 38)

N

2-16 

Communication of critical concerns

84-85

N

2-17 

Collective knowledge of the highest governance body

15, AR 2021 (25-29, 34)

N

2-18 

Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance 

body

AR 2021 (42-43)

N

2-19 

Remuneration policies

AR 2021 (43-46)

N



C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

154

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• 



GRI



 Content Index



• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




GRI 

CONTENT INDEX































































































































































GRI Standard/ 

Other Source

Disclosure

Location 

Omission

Mapped to 

SDGs

Externally 

Assured (Y/N)

Requirement(s) 

Omitted

Reason

Explanation

General disclosures

GRI 2: General 

Disclosures 2021

2-20 

Process to determine remuneration

96-97, AR 2021 (43-46)

N

2-21 

Annual total compensation ratio

a, b, c

Information 

unavailable/

incomplete

The performance 

evaluation of staff and 

calculation of bonuses 

for FY 2021 takes 

place in H1 2022. 

Calculation for FY2021 

total compensation is 

not ready at the time of 

publication of this report. 

N

2-22 

Statement on sustainable development strategy

8-13

N

2-23 

Policy commitments

85-87

N

2-24 

Embedding policy commitments

27-29, 78, 85-89, 91, 95

N

2-25 

Processes to remediate negative impacts

85, 95

N

2-26 

Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns

27-29, 85-86, 95

N

2-27 

Compliance with laws and regulations

77, 84-86

Y (Pg 136–149)

*limiting the 

scope to non-

compliance with 

environmental 

laws and 

regulations 

only”

2-28 

Membership associations

111-113

N

2-29 

Approach to stakeholder engagement

24-29

Y (Pg 136–149)

*limiting the 

scope to “results 

of customer 

satisfaction 

surveys”

2-30 

Collective bargaining agreements

96

N

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

155

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• 



GRI



 Content Index



• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




GRI 

CONTENT INDEX



















































































































































































GRI Standard/ 

Other Source

Disclosure

Location 

Omission

Mapped to 

SDGs

Externally 

Assured (Y/N)

Requirement(s) 

Omitted

Reason

Explanation

Material topics

GRI 3: Material Topics 

2021

3-1 Process to determine material topics

24, 53-55, 68-69, 78, 

91-92

3-2 List of material topics

30-36

Climate Resilience

GRI 3: Material Topics 

2021

3-3 Management of material topics

22, 25, 30, 58-61, 68-

69, 114-122

N

GRI 305: Emissions 2016

305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

62-63, 117, 120

3, 12, 13, 

14, 15

N

305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

62-63, 117, 120

3, 12, 13, 

14, 15

N

305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions

62-63, 117, 120

3, 12, 13, 

14, 15

N

305-4 GHG emissions intensity

63

13, 14, 15

Y (Pg 136–149)

305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions

22, 61

13, 14, 15

N

305-6 Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS)

a, b, c, d

Not 

applicable

Disclosure is not 

applicable as CDL does 

not emit a material 

amount of these 

emissions through our 

products and services

12

N

305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), and other 

significant air emissions

a, b, c

Not 

applicable

Disclosure is not 

applicable as CDL does 

not emit a material 

amount of these 

emissions through our  

products and services

12, 14, 15

N

GRI Sector Disclosures: 

Construction and Real 

Estate 

CRE 3 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity from buildings

63

13, 14, 15

Y (Pg 136–149)

CRE 4 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity from new construction 

and redevelopment activity

63, 133

13, 14, 15

Y (Pg 136–149)

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

156

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• 



GRI



 Content Index



• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




GRI 

CONTENT INDEX



























































































































































































































GRI Standard/ 

Other Source

Disclosure

Location 

Omission

Mapped to 

SDGs

Externally 

Assured (Y/N)

Requirement(s) 

Omitted

Reason

Explanation

Material topics

Energy Efficiency and Adoption of Renewables

GRI 3: Material Topics 

2021

3-3 

Management of material topics

22-23, 25, 31, 64-65, 

N

GRI 302: Energy 2016

302-1 Energy consumption within the organization

66-67, 116, 120

7, 8, 12, 13

N

302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organization

66-67, 116, 120

7, 8, 12, 13

N

302-3 Energy intensity

66, 120

7, 8, 12, 13

Y (Pg 136–149)

302-4 Reduction of energy consumption

65

7, 8, 12, 13

Y (Pg 136–149)

302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and 

services

65

7, 8, 12, 13

Y (Pg 136–149)

GRI Sector Disclosures: 

Construction and Real 

Estate 

CRE 1 Building energy intensity

66, 120

7, 8, 12, 13

Y (Pg 136–149)

Innovation

GRI 3: Material Topics 

2021

3-3 

Management of material topics

25, 31

N

GRI Sector Disclosures: 

Construction and Real 

Estate 

CRE 8 Type and number of sustainability certification, 

rating and labeling schemes for new construction, 

management, occupation and redevelopment

43, 49, 55, 65, 71, 78-

79, 81, 87, 91

10

Y (Pg 136–149)

Stakeholder Impact and Partnerships

GRI 3: Material Topics 

2021

3-3 

Management of material topics

20, 25, 31

N

GRI 201: Economic 

Performance 2016

201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed

101-110

a, b

Confidentiality 

constraints

Total community 

investments is not 

disclosed as CDL 

believes that it is 

integrated into our 

business.

8, 9

Y (Pg 136–149)

Product/Service Quality and Responsibility

GRI 3: Material Topics 

2021

3-3 

Management of material topics

20, 25, 32

N

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

157

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• 



GRI



 Content Index



• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




GRI 

CONTENT INDEX





















































































































































































































GRI Standard/ 

Other Source

Disclosure

Location 

Omission

Mapped to 

SDGs

Externally 

Assured (Y/N)

Requirement(s) 

Omitted

Reason

Explanation

Material topics

Product/Service Quality and Responsibility

GRI 416: Customer 

Health and Safety 2016

GRI 2-29

*limiting the scope to “results of customer satisfaction surveys”

53

Y (Pg 136–149)

416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product 

and service categories

32, 43, 55

N

416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and 

safety impacts of products and services

77

16

Y (Pg 136–149)

GRI 417: Marketing and 

Labeling 2016

417-1 Requirements for product and service information and 

labeling

43, 47-49

12

N

417-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and 

service information and labeling

84

16

N

417-3 Incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing 

communications

84

16

N

Economic Contribution to Society

GRI 3: Material Topics 

2021

3-3 Management of material topics

16, 17, 26, 32

N

GRI 201: Economic 

Performance 2016

201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed

16, 17, 119

9

Y (Pg 136–149)

201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities 

due to climate change

30, 32, 68-69

13

N

201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement 

plans

97

N

201-4 Financial assistance received from government

a, b, c

Confidentiality 

constraints

CDL is not at liberty to 

disclose this information 

as the Company is 

bound by confidentiality

N

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

158

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• 



GRI



 Content Index



• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




GRI 

CONTENT INDEX













































































































































































































































































GRI Standard/ 

Other Source

Disclosure

Location 

Omission

Mapped to 

SDGs

Externally 

Assured (Y/N)

Requirement(s) 

Omitted

Reason

Explanation

Material topics

Economic Contribution to Society

GRI 202: Market 

Presence 2016

202-1 Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared 

to local minimum wage

a, b, c, d

Information 

unavailable/

incomplete

Disclosure is unavailable 

as there is no minimum 

wage system in 

Singapore. Furthermore, 

CDL's direct hires are 

skilled technical and 

professional employees 

whose pay is not linked 

to laws concerning 

minimum wage.

5, 8

N

202-2 Proportion of senior management hired from the local 

community

94

8

N

GRI 203: Indirect 

Economic Impacts 2016

203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported

46-51, 101-110

5, 9

N

203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts

30-36, 89-91, 101-102 

8, 11

N

Occupational Health, Safety and Well-being

GRI 3: Material Topics 

2021

3-3 

Management of material topics

26, 33

N

GRI 403: Occupational 

Health and Safety 2018

403-1 Occupational health and safety management system

34, 76-77, 83-85, 87-91, 

8

N

403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident 

investigation

23, 38, 77, 87-91, 118

8

N

403-3 Occupational health services

87-91, 97-98

8

N

403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication 

on occupational health and safety

33, 34, 87-91

8, 16

Y (Pg 136–149)

403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety

87-91, 97-98

8

N

403-6 Promotion of worker health

33, 91, 97-98

3

N

403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and 

safety impacts directly linked by business relationships

23, 39, 78-79, 89-90

8

N

403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety 

management system

33, 87-91

8

Y (Pg 136–149)

403-9 Work-related injuries

23, 87-91, 118

3, 8, 16

Y (Pg 136–149)

403-10 Work-related ill health

23, 87-91, 118

3, 8, 16

N

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

159

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• 



GRI



 Content Index



• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




GRI 

CONTENT INDEX



































































































































































































































































GRI Standard/ 

Other Source

Disclosure

Location 

Omission

Mapped to 

SDGs

Externally 

Assured (Y/N)

Requirement(s) 

Omitted

Reason

Explanation

Material topics

Occupational Health, Safety and Well-being

GRI Sector Disclosures: 

Construction and Real 

Estate 

CRE 6 Percentage of the organisation operating in verified 

compliance with an internationally recognised health 

and safety management system

88, 114

8

N

Sustainable Finance

GRI 3: Material Topics 

2021

3-3 

Management of material topics

17, 26, 33

N

Water and Waste Management

GRI 3: Material Topics 

2021

3-3 

Management of material topics

26, 33

N

GRI 303: Water and 

Effluents 2018

303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource

26, 33, 70-73, 98

6, 12

N

303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts

22-23, 33, 60, 76

6

N

303-3 Water withdrawal

70, 72

6

Y (Pg 136–149)

303-4 Water discharge

70, 72, 76

6

N

303-5 Water consumption

70, 72-73

6

N

GRI 306: Waste 2020

306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts

74-75

3, 6, 11, 12

N

306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts

74-75

3, 6, 11, 12

N

306-3 Waste generated

76

3, 11, 12

Y (Pg 136–149)

306-4 Waste diverted from disposal

75, 76

b

Not 

applicable

Disclosure on hazardous 

waste is not applicable 

as there is no handling 

of hazardous substances 

for CDL's direct 

construction and asset 

management activities.

3, 11, 12

Y (Pg 136–149)

306-5 Waste directed to disposal

76

b

Not 

applicable

Disclosure on hazardous 

waste is not applicable 

as there is no handling 

of hazardous substances 

for CDL's direct 

construction and asset 

management activities.

3, 11, 12

Y (Pg 136–149)

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

160

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• 



GRI



 Content Index



• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




GRI 

CONTENT INDEX











































































































































































































































GRI Standard/ 

Other Source

Disclosure

Location 

Omission

Mapped to 

SDGs

Externally 

Assured (Y/N)

Requirement(s) 

Omitted

Reason

Explanation

Material topics

Water and Waste Management

GRI Sector Disclosures: 

Construction and Real 

Estate 

CRE 2 Building water intensity

72

6, 8, 12

Y (Pg 136–149)

Ethical and Transparent Business

GRI 3: Material Topics 

2021

3-3 

Management of material topics

26, 34, 84-86

GRI 205: Anti-Corruption 

2016

205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption

85, 86

16

N

205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption 

policies and procedures

85, 86

16

Y (Pg 136–149)

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

85

16

Y (Pg 136–149)

GRI 206: Anti-

competitive Behavior 

2016

206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust, and 

monopoly practices

84

16

N

Healthy Buildings

GRI 3: Material Topics 

2021

3-3 

Management of material topics

26, 34

N

GRI 416: Customer 

Health and Safety 2016

416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product 

and service categories

32, 42, 43

Y (Pg 136–149)

416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and 

safety impacts of products and services

77

16

N

Diversity and Inclusion

GRI 3: Material Topics 

2021

3-3 

Management of material topics

26, 34, 94-96

N

GRI 405: Diversity and 

Equal Opportunity 2016

405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees

94

5

Y (Pg 136–149)

405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men

96

5

N

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

161

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• 



GRI



 Content Index



• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




GRI 

CONTENT INDEX

























































































































































































































































































GRI Standard/ 

Other Source

Disclosure

Location 

Omission

Mapped to 

SDGs

Externally 

Assured (Y/N)

Requirement(s) 

Omitted

Reason

Explanation

Material topics

Responsible Supply Chain

GRI 3: Material Topics 

2021

3-3 

Management of material topics

26, 35

N

GRI 301: Materials 2016

301-1 Materials used by weight or volume

79-80

8, 12

N

301-2 Recycled input materials used

79-80

8, 12

N

301-3 Reclaimed products and their packaging materials

Disclosure is not 

applicable for CDL's 

operations in Singapore

8, 12

N

GRI 308: Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment 2016

308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental 

criteria

78-79

Y (Pg 136–149)

308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and 

actions taken

78

N

GRI 414: Supplier Social 

Assessment 2016

414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria

78-79

5, 8, 16

Y (Pg 136–149)

414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions 

taken

78

5, 8, 16

N

Cyber-readiness, Security and Data Privacy

GRI 3: Material Topics 

2021

3-3 

Management of material topics

26, 31, 35

N

GRI 418: Customer 

Privacy 2016

418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses of customer data

86

16

Y (Pg 136–149)

Future-ready Workforce

GRI 3: Material Topics 

2021

3-3 

Management of material topics

31, 35

N

GRI 404: Training and 

Education 2016

404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee

97, 98

4, 8, 10

Y (Pg 136–149)

404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 

assistance programs

98

8

N

404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance 

and career development reviews 

95, 96

5, 8, 10

N

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

162

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• 



GRI



 Content Index



• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration




GRI 

CONTENT INDEX









































































































































































































































GRI Standard/ 

Other Source

Disclosure

Location 

Omission

Mapped to 

SDGs

Externally 

Assured (Y/N)

Requirement(s) 

Omitted

Reason

Explanation

Material topics

Human Rights and Labour Conditions

GRI 3: Material Topics 

2021

3-3 

Management of material topics

26, 36, 89-90, 92-98

N

GRI 401: Employment 

2016

401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover

93-94

5, 8, 10

Y (Pg 136–149)

401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not 

provided to temporary or part-time employees

96-97

5, 8

N

401-3 Parental leave

96

5, 8

N

GRI 402: Labor/ 

Management Relations 

2016

402-1 Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes

92

8

N

GRI 406: Non-

discrimination 2016

406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken

95

5, 8

Y (Pg 136–149)

GRI 409: Forced or 

Compulsory Labor 2016

409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents 

of forced or compulsory labor

78

8

Y (Pg 136–149)

Biodiversity Conservation

GRI 3: Material Topics 

2021

3-3 

Management of material topics

26, 36, 81

N

GRI 304: Biodiversity 

2016

304-1 Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or 

adjacent to, protected areas and areas of high 

biodiversity value outside protected areas

81

6, 14, 15

Y (Pg 136–149)

304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products and services on 

biodiversity

81

Not 

applicable

In 2021, there were no 

sites located within or 

adjacent to protected 

areas.

6, 14, 15

Y (Pg 136–149)

304-3 Habitats protected or restored

81

Not 

applicable

In 2021, there were no 

sites located within or 

adjacent to protected 

areas.

6, 14, 15

N

304-4 IUCN Red List species and national conservation list 

species with habitats in areas affected by operations

81

Y (Pg 136–149)

C D L  I N T E G R A T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 2

163

Delivering Value 

&amp; Best Practices

Driving Innovation &amp; 

Building Performance

Decarbonising 

Towards Net Zero

Determined To Create A Fair, Safe 

&amp; Inclusive Business Environment

Developing Sustainable 

Communities 



• TCFD, CDSB &amp; SASB Disclosures

• Assurance Statements

• 



GRI



 Content Index



• Glossary

Dedicated To 

Sustainability Integration






www.cdlsustainability.com

