
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Sustainability Report FY2017 

 


 

Sustainability Report FY2017 

2 

 



 

 

About This Report  

Colex Holdings Limited (“Colex” or “Company”) is pleased to present its inaugural sustainability 

report. The report covers the sustainability performance of Colex’s waste disposal and contract 

cleaning operations in Singapore from 1 January to 31 December 2017.   

 

This report has been prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards 

(2016) and Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited’s (SGX) sustainability reporting 

listing requirements. The GRI guidelines were chosen due to their relevance for our reporting 

process and alignment with SGX requirements. Colex values and welcomes any feedback, 

comments or enquiries regarding this report. Please send your questions or feedback to 

wastemgt@colex.com.sg. 

 

Sustainability at Colex 

As part of the waste industry, Colex is fully aware of the shifting priorities and attitudes towards 

waste disposal globally and nationally. The world population is growing fast and as a result, so 

will the demand for products and services. As availability of resources reduces, current 

approaches to consumption, which is the linear approach of “take, make, waste”, will no longer 

be viable. In Singapore, there are limited solutions for disposing of the waste that the nation 

generates, landfill and incineration being the main methods. 

 

As a waste management company providing essential community services of waste disposal 

and commercial cleaning for a wide portfolio of clients including commercial offices, shopping 

complexes, food courts, cineplexes, residential buildings and warehouses, Colex is in a unique 

position to contribute directly to this new way of thinking. As a business, the opportunities to 

address the challenge of increasing waste and decreasing resources is exciting and further 

innovation is needed to determine viable ways of producing secondary raw materials from 

waste.  

 

Although a truly circular economy1 is still a distance into the future, we began this journey with 

the introduction of our Materials Recovery Facility (MRF) in 2014. The facility itself is not 

enough, which is why we work with schools and local communities to increase awareness of 

this subject and increase participation in recycling schemes. Recovery recyclable materials 

from the waste stream is an important step towards turning waste into a resource as well as a 

new business revenue for Colex. We continue to improve the efficiency of this facility and 

remain vigilant for additional opportunities in this area. 

 

 

 

1 An economic model in which resources are never lost, where waste and by-products are re-thought, 

re-used and recycled, not just at the end of life, but by design. 


 

Sustainability Report FY2017 

3 

 



 

 

 

Sustainability at Colex is not only about recycling, but also touches on our use of resources 

such as energy and water as well as how we manage and nurture our staff. This year, we have 

focused on formalising our sustainability efforts as we have developed our first sustainability 

report. We are pleased to present this report and we aim to build on the progress made over 

the last year into the future.  

 

Board Statement 

The Board of Directors of Colex Holdings Limited (“Board”) presents our first sustainability 

report. 

 

As a waste management and cleaning service provider, environmental sustainability is at the 

heart of what we do.  The Board considers sustainability concepts to present exciting 

opportunities for the Company. Sustainability is an integral part of our business strategy and 

the Board is responsible for overseeing the management of sustainability-related 

performance. To ensure that sustainability is integrated into our decision-making processes, 

we have established a Sustainability Steering Committee that comprises representatives from 

various divisions across Colex. This year, for our first report, a materiality assessment was 

conducted to determine current material issues affecting our business and stakeholders. This 

assessment assisted us in developing the content of the report as well as directing us to areas 

on which we intend to focus our sustainability efforts going forward.  

 

As well as identifying our focus areas, the Board has overseen the various monitoring and 

management processes for each focus area and been involved in identifying associated key 

performance indicators (KPIs) and targets for the upcoming year.  

 

We seek to comply with the SGX’s sustainability reporting requirements by aligning our first 

sustainability report with the SGX’s Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist – Practice Note 

7F Sustainability Reporting Guide. The report also references the GRI Standards (2016). 

 

Stakeholder Engagement  

Stakeholders are individuals and group that are affected by our activities and operations and 

also have an effect on our activities and operations. Colex has a number of key internal and 

external stakeholder groups that are critical to our business. We engage our key stakeholder 

groups regularly for many different reasons and in a number of different ways, such as through 

regular meetings and email communications. This helps us to understand their areas of 

concern and for us to respond to these concerns for the benefit of the business as well as to 

address any questions raised about our business operations. Through these interactions, we 

are also able to pinpoint any concerns our stakeholders have around sustainability.  

 

 


 

Sustainability Report FY2017 

4 

 



Materiality 

It is important to develop a sustainability report that is relevant and pertinent to the readers 

as well as the business. To this end, we conducted a materiality assessment to identify 

environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors that are most material to our business 

operations and of significant interest to key stakeholders. We began with an internal 

stakeholder survey, which requested that respondents rank various potentially material ESG 

factors on a scale of 1-5. Following this, a workshop was conducted in April 2017 to gather 

further feedback from Colex’s representatives on the Company’s material factors. Workshop 

participants were armed with the following information:  

 

 global and local emerging sustainability trends;  

 material topics identified by industry peers; and 

 sustainability reporting frameworks. 

 

After the workshop, during which a materiality matrix was used to discuss and prioritise various 

ESG factors, the following focus areas and material factors were identified to be material to 

Colex. We will address each of these material factors throughout this report. 

 

Sustainability Focus Areas 

Material Factors 

Economic 

 Economic Performance2 

Environmental 

(Waste management operations only) 

 Waste and recycling 

 Water 

 Energy and Emissions 

Social 

 

 Occupational Health and Safety 

 Staff Retention 

 Local Communities 

Compliance 

 

 Social Compliance  

 Environmental Compliance 

 Training and Education 

 

 

Environmental 

Waste and recycling 

As a waste management and cleaning service provider, we believe we have an important role 

to play in minimising the impact of waste and protecting the environment. We are responsible 

for managing waste generated in the areas we serve.  

We were awarded the Jurong sector municipal waste collection contract by the National 

Environment Agency (NEA) for the second 7-year period in 2013. We continue to collect both 

waste and recyclable from this area. Solid waste streams collected are taken directly to the 

incineration facility, while recycled items are processed at our own MRF.  

 

2 Please refer to our Annual Report and financial statements for details on this factor. 


 

Sustainability Report FY2017 

5 

 



 

We take the responsibility of providing this essential community service seriously. We believe 

it is of paramount importance to ensure that these services are efficiently provided every day 

or as per expected. Each driver is given a driver job card at the beginning of each day with an 

assigned collection route. We carefully monitor the pick-ups of waste through the GPS trackers 

on each collection truck and the GPS tracker is compared with the driver job card. On return 

to our site, a supervisor signs off each driver job card daily. 

Whist picking up waste is currently our key role, we also provide options for recycling by 

bundling recycling services with general waste contracts to encourage the uptake of these 

services. To attract more use of these services, we increase their profile by establishing 

recycling corners with recycling bins provided at the sites with full signage.  Once collected, 

recyclables are taken to the MRF where paper and plastics are sorted manually while metal 

and aluminium are by automation. Sorted items are bundled and are then sold to the various 

vendors, who either use the items for local services or for export.  

 

In our cleaning services operations, although waste is less material, we do take care to use 

non-toxic chemical for cleaning, which are safe for general drainage disposal and we contribute 

to the recyclables industry by purchasing and using green products such as toilet paper made 

from recycled fibres. 

 

We are pleased to have increased the amount of waste collected for recycling and/or 

composting (garden waste) in 2017 from 2016, from a total of 1,150 to 1,283 tonnes.  One of 

the main wastes from our business operations is oil from the workshop. We saw a small 

increase in the amount of oil waste that we produced from 2016 to 2017. This oil is taken away 

by a licenced service provider. 

2018 Target - Going forward, we hope to increase recycling awareness activities and continue 

to bundle recycling services with general waste services in order to further encourage recycling 

of waste rather than incineration.  

 

 

0

500

1000

1500

2000

2500

3000

3500

2016

2017

Engine oil waste (litres)

700

800

450

483

0

200

400

600

800

1000

1200

1400

2016

2017

Waste recycling (tonnes)

Waste sent for recycling

Waste sent for composting


 

Sustainability Report FY2017 

6 

 



Water 

Water is used in our daily operations for washing our trucks and cleaning our MRF. We also 

use water in our cleaning services. Water availability is a concern in Singapore as Singapore 

relies heavily on imported water from a neighbouring country so we aim to do what we can to 

reduce the demand on this precious resource.  

 

To reduce our water use we have highly efficient methods for washing our trucks and MRF. 

Drivers are trained in these methods and posters are present in our work premises to remind 

them of these. We also capture rainwater to use, our rainwater tank holds 20 cubic metres of 

water and we drain this before switching to water utilities.  

 

In addition to managing our water consumption, we also have a responsibility to manage the 

water produced. This waste water has the potential to be harmful as it may contain 

contaminants from the waste collected. Therefore, this waste water is collected daily by a 

licenced contractor. We plan to introduce own waste water treatment process in July 2018 

and treated water will be used to wash trucks, further reducing our demand on fresh water 

resources. 

 

 

Through these management initiatives, our water consumption decreased by just over 1% 

from 4,403 m3 in 2016 to 4,352 m3 in 2017.  This is 363 m3 a month on average in 2017. 

 

2018 Target – We aim to cap water usage at 550 cubic metres/month and will closely monitor 

this. 

 

 

Energy and Emissions 

A substantial amount of energy is used in our operations in the form of electricity, which is 

needed for the operation of the MRF, other machines and tools as well as diesel, which is used 

in our waste collection trucks and vans. We own 60 trucks and 8 vans. We keep our energy 

usage to a minimum where possible. 

 -

 500

 1,000

 1,500

 2,000

 2,500

 3,000

 3,500

 4,000

 4,500

 5,000

2016

2017

Water consumption (m3)


 

Sustainability Report FY2017 

7 

 



 

The electricity usage of MRF is tracked and presented to management on a monthly basis in 

order to identify and fix any sudden increases. The electricity supply to MRF is switched off 

when not in use and the machine is kept in good energy-efficient working order. As for diesel 

usage, we currently own 26 Euro5 vehicles, 29 Euro4 vehicles &amp; 10 Euro 3 vehicles. We use the 

most efficient vehicles as much as possible and regularly upgrade our fleet of diesel vehicles. 

We keep our trucks in top working order with a truck inspection manual and posters that 

promote good environmental habits  around the site. There is a yearly inspection on all vehicles 

to comply with the Land Transport Authority’s Carbon Emissions-Based Vehicle Scheme (CEVS) 

and we adhere to the UN ECE R101 Fuel Consumption standards. As well as keeping our vans 

and trucks well maintained, we also train staff to use the shortest routes possible, track each 

vehicle’s diesel usage with a computerised system and diesel usage is presented to 

management on a monthly basis. Trucks, vans or drivers using exceptionally high amounts are 

flagged up and checked. Finally, to keep emissions down, we have our own diesel tank and 

pump which uses high quality, low sulphur diesel, purchased direct from the refinery. 

In our office, LED lights and a motion sensor system are used to minimise electricity usage. 

Lights are switched off when office is not in use and an energy-efficient inverter air-conditioned 

system is used. 

 

 

 

We are seeing benefits from our energy management initiatives as our energy consumption of 

electricity and diesel combined has deceased by nearly 2% from 55,381 gigajoule (GJ) in 2016 

to 54,376 GJ in 2017. Our total GHG emissions, from electricity and diesel consumption 

combined, have also decreased in correlation with this from 107,560 tonnes of CO2 equivalent 

(tCO2e) to 101,617 tCO2e in 2017. 

2018 Target – We aim to cap energy usage at 57,000 GJ per year. 

 

 

55,381 

54,376 

 -

 10,000

 20,000

 30,000

 40,000

 50,000

 60,000

2016

2017

Total energy consumption (GJ) total

107,560

101,617

0

20,000

40,000

60,000

80,000

100,000

120,000

2016

2017

Total GHG emissions (tCO2e)


 

Sustainability Report FY2017 

8 

 



Social 

Occupational Health and Safety 

At Colex, we are committed to providing our employees with a safe and healthy work 

environment. A number of our employees are in roles that pose some health and safety risks. 

As a responsible company, we aim to address and mitigate these risks wherever possible. We 

constantly monitor the working conditions of our employees to ensure that they comply with 

international standards. We have achieved a bizSAFE level 3 for our operations. To achieve 

bizSAFE level 3, our top management attended a bizSAFE Workshop for Top Management 

conducted by a bizSAFE service provider. We then nominated a Risk Management (RM) 

Champion to attend a bizSAFE Course to develop a Risk Management Implementation Plan.  

This plan was carried out and we are subject to an Ministry of Manpower (MOM) approved 

workplace, safety and health audit every 3 years to assess the implementation of the RM plan. 

Both Colex Environmental Pte Ltd and Integrated Property Management Pte Ltd (both of which 

are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Colex) employees attend “work at height” trainings, where 

relevant, as well as other safety training and all new employees attend an induction course 

which includes safety training. As per the Singapore Civil Defence Force requirements, due to 

the presence of diesel tank on our property, our Company has an emergency response team 

who are trained in firefighting and first aid, to respond before the arrival of the fire fighters. 

Each employee is also briefed on health and safety procedures in accordance to the safety 

handbook and we are vigilant in following the NEA’s Safety Guide for General Waste Collectors. 

In our cleaning business, we arrange equipment and chemical suppliers to train cleaners on 

proper handling of equipment and chemical to ensure their safety. 

Performance 

2016 

2017 

Lost Time Injury Rate3 

7.11 

5.96 

Severity Rate4 

129.13 

78.21 

Incidents of Non-Compliance 

0 

0 

 

Sadly, we experienced our first workplace fatality in 2017 when one of our drivers suffered a 

heart attack at work, despite the swift response of our on-site first aid team. We have since 

trained more employees on CERT First Aid with AED/CPR course to ensure that trained 

employees are competent to attend to a similar incident in future. As for non-fatality injuries, 

we are pleased to have reduced our Lost Time Injury Rate and Severity Rate in the last year. 

We also celebrate zero incidents of non-compliance with health and safety regulation in 2017.  

2018 Target – We will target zero workplace accidents resulting in permanent injury or fatality. 

 

 

3 Lost-time injury rate - Number of workplace injuries per million man hours worked. Our 1 fatality is 

excluded. 

4 Injury severity rate - Number of man-days lost to workplace injuries per million man-hours worked.  

Our 1 fatality is excluded. 


 

Sustainability Report FY2017 

9 

 



Staff Retention and development 

We believe that our employees are our biggest asset and we strive to develop and nurture the 

talent we recruit. High retention creates a positive work environment, strengthens an 

employee's commitment to the organisation and as a result, both the individual and the 

company achieving their desired performance level. We aim to provide a work environment 

which encourages this higher retention. 

Twice yearly, our employees receive a performance review aimed at assessing their 

performance and identifying their professional development goals and increasing retention. A 

compilation of performance appraisal outcomes is passed to management before an annual 

increment proposal is made and appraisals lead to a competitive remuneration review. 

We also offer the following benefits to our employees:  

 Full Attendance Incentives 

 Recommendation Award referring new crew and new cleaners under friend-gets-friend 

scheme 

 Provision of Daily Productivity Incentive (DPI) in salary package 

 Provision of medical fee and proficiency driving test coverage  

 Flexi working hours; after completion of jobs, driver are allowed to leave, to encourage 

productivity and efficiency. 

 Birthday vouchers and monthly birthday celebration(s) 

 A “buddy system” for new employees 

 Year-end gathering for all staff 

 Yearly Management Retreat for G&amp;A Staff 

 Periodic buffet lunch for site staff 

 

Across our cleaning and waste collection services, we employ 1,195 permanent employees, an 

increase on our headcount of 1,147 in 2016. In line with our policies, all eligible5 employees 

received a bi-annual performance review in the last year.  

 

2018 Target – We will continue to provide bi-annual performance reviews for 100% of eligible 

employees. 

 

 

 

 

5 Eligible employees are all full-time permanent employees of Colex Environmental Pte Ltd and 

Integrated Property Management Pte Ltd. 

686

719

461

476

0

500

1000

1500

2016

2017

Employee breakdown - by gender

Male

Female

1084

1134

65

59

1000

1050

1100

1150

1200

1250

2016

2017

Employee breakdown - by type

Full-time

Part-time


 

Sustainability Report FY2017 

10 

 



 

Local Communities 

 

As a waste collection and cleaning company, we provide essential community services. We 

believe that encouraging better waste management and use of recycling services will continue 

to have a positive impact on our communities. That is why we have a number of initiatives that 

raise awareness and understanding. Schools are invited to visit the MRF plant in order to 

educate them on how it works and to encourage recycling. We also tie up with school for their 

Community Involvement Program (CIP) for newspaper collection. We implement recycling 

programmes with the community, such as our cash for trash initiative which is held every 

Sunday at markets around Jurong. During this initiative, Colex teams up with recycling vendors 

to pay cash in return for recyclable items. 

Despite our best effort, we understand that our business operations can have some negative 

impacts on local communities. Local communities can be affected by negative noise, smell, 

traffic and road safety effects arising our business operations. In an effort to provide quality 

services to the communities we serve, we carefully plan and monitor our waste collection 

schedule based on residents' needs. A supervisor signs off on our drivers cards daily to ensure 

that schedules are adhered to. In addition, waste collection during lunch hours is not allowed 

in business areas and we do our best to accommodate to the residential timing to minimise 

disturbance. In our cleaning business, major cleaning is done during timings that are 

convenient for clients and would not affect individuals and this is monitored by supervisors.  

2018 Target - We aim to continue to raise awareness about recycling by inviting students from 

local schools to visit our plants and facilities. We also pledge to respond within 3 working days 

to all complaints made through our official complaints portal wastemgt@colex.com.sg. 

 

Compliance 

As a waste collection company and licenced cleaning service provider, we are subject to various 

rules and regulations such as social and training regulations set by MOM and environmental 

regulations set by the NEA. It is imperative that we uphold these licenses in order to continue 

to operate.  

2018 Target – we aim to continue to target zero cases of non-compliance with the relevant 

rules and regulations set by NEA and MOM. 

 

Social Compliance 

Compliance in the social area includes mandatory training and development.  

As part of the Singapore Workforce Skills Qualifications (WSQ) and Clean Mark scheme by NEA, 

100% of our drivers and attendants are required to attend the respective WSQ module. For 

our cleaning industry Licencing and Clean Mark Accreditation Schemes, our cleaning staff take 

part in at least 1 WSQ module – Licencing and at least 50% of our workforce to attend 2 WSQ 

modules - Clean Mark (Silver).  


 

Sustainability Report FY2017 

11 

 



 

We are also subject to MOM regulations, such as not employing illegal and “phantom” workers. 

We assure compliance by conducting spot checks on workers, where managers will check 

workers’ ID and work permits to ensure that they meet the MOM regulations. 

In order to fulfil our social responsibilities, we operate a strict no missed collection policy and 

adhere to a 7 am - 7 pm collection timing. We are also firm in ensuring our trucks to adhere to 

speed limits by fitting all trucks with a speed limiter, set at 60 km/h, so as to not endanger the 

safety of our communities. 

Training is provided to directors and relevant employees on a regular basis and when there are 

substantial new areas of law and policies are made known to all employees via the company 

handbook.  

2018 Target – we aim to continue to target zero cases of non-compliance in respect of the 

mandatory training and hiring requirements set by MOM. 

 

Environmental Compliance 

We hold an up to date NEA Code of Practice for Licensed General Waste Collectors as well as 

ISO14000 - Environmental management and ISO 9000 - Quality management and quality 

assurance. 

Our operations are subject to the requirements of various environmental laws and regulations 

enforced by the NEA and other regulatory bodies. We strive to comply with all of these laws 

and regulations and international standards (such as ISO 14000) by implementing measures to 

minimise the environmental impact of all aspects of our business. These measures include 

ensuring no leakages from trucks and proper containment of waste as it is collected. 

 

2017 Performance 

Zero incidents of significant6 non-compliance with all relevant social, training and 

environmental laws and regulations. 

2018 Target 

Achieve zero incidents of significant6 non-compliance with all relevant social, training and 

environmental laws and regulations. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

6 Significant non-compliance is an incident resulting in a fine over SGD5,000. 

