
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Sustainability Report FY2018 


 

Sustainability Report FY2018 

 

2 

 



About This Report  

Our second sustainability report focuses on how we have built on our sustainability efforts from our 

inaugural year of reporting in 2017 to continue to improve our sustainability performance. The scope 

of this report covers the sustainability performance of Colex Holdings Limited (“Colex” or “Company”)’s 

waste disposal (Colex Environmental Pte Ltd) and contract cleaning operations (IPM) in Singapore from 

1 January to 31 December 2018.   

 

This report has been prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards  and 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited’s (SGX) sustainability reporting listing requirements.  

 

The GRI guidelines were chosen due to their relevance for our reporting process and alignment with 

SGX requirements. This report references the following topic-specific disclosures:  

 

Disclosure 303-1 from GRI 303: Water (2016) 

Disclosure 302-1 from GRI 302: Energy (2016) 

Disclosure 307-1 from GRI 307: Environmental Compliance (2016) 

Disclosure 401-1 from GRI 401: Employment 2016 

Disclosure 404-1 and 404-3 from GRI 404: Training and Education 2016 

Disclosure 419-1 from GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 2016 

 

Colex values and welcomes any feedback, comments or enquiries regarding this report. Please send 

your questions or feedback to wastemgt@colex.com.sg. 

Sustainability at Colex 

The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), in a special report released in October 2018, 

emphasised the need to manage our resources in the best way possible in order to fight climate change 

and minimise its impacts over the next 12 years. 

 

As the demand for products and services rises in line with a growing world population, waste 

management has become a major problem globally and locally, which requires new and innovative 

solutions. The concept of a circular economy, which focuses on the optimisation of resources through 

reuse and recycling, has been endorsed by businesses across various industries. In the waste industry, 

companies are investing in technologies to improve operational efficiency and safety. For example, the 

increasing use of electric or autonomous vehicles will revolutionise the industry and improve the way 

we manage and dispose of waste.  

 

In addition, “sustainable consumption and production” is one of United Nations’ 17 Sustainable 

Development Goals (SDGs), which focus on the economic, environmental and social dimensions of 

sustainable development. Improving waste management is, therefore, essential in achieving this goal.  

In response to global efforts to reduce waste, Singapore is committed to achieving a 70% national 

recycling rate and a 30% domestic recycling rate by 20301.   

 

As a waste management company, Colex recognises the changing landscape of the industry. As 

businesses and individuals work toward achieving their sustainability goals, they are increasing their 

recycling efforts in order to reduce waste generation. We support these efforts and strive to help them 

address the challenge of increasing waste and decreasing resources. We are also committed to 

 

1 As disclosed by Mr Masagos Zulkifli, Minister of the Environment and Water Resources, during parliamentary 

questioning on the 3rd April 2017 https://www.mewr.gov.sg 


 

Sustainability Report FY2018 

 

3 

 



contributing to the achievement of the SDGs by providing support to cities and companies in their 

transition towards a zero-waste and low-carbon economy.  

 

At Colex, our commitment to sustainability extends beyond our own business operations. We strive to 

manage resources such as energy and water in an efficient manner and ensure that the welfare and 

wellbeing of our employees are maintained. We are pleased to present this report and we aim to build 

on the progress made over the last year into the future.  

 

Board Statement 

The Board of Directors of Colex Holdings Limited (“Board”) is pleased to present our second 

sustainability report. 

 

At Colex, we have built our business around reducing, reusing and recycling waste while investing in 

our people and contributing to local communities. Therefore, it is important for us to remain focused 

on sustainability for the benefit of our environment, as well as for the long-term success of our business.  

 

The Board considers sustainability an essential part of Colex’s business strategy and oversees the 

integration of sustainability issues into its decision-making processes. A Sustainability Steering 

Committee, made up of representatives from various divisions across Colex, develops the Company’s 

sustainability policies and manages and monitors the Company’s sustainability performance.  

 

In our first year of sustainability reporting, formalising and reporting on our sustainability efforts were 

our main focus. Since then, we have reflected on the progress made thus far and have identified several 

areas of improvement after monitoring and assessing our performance against the previous year. This 

year, a materiality review was conducted to revalidate material issues identified in FY2017. The review 

has enabled us to prioritise topics or areas that have a significant impact on Colex and its stakeholders.  

 

Besides monitoring the progress and performance in the focus areas, the Board has been involved in 

the identification of associated key performance indicators (KPIs) and targets relating to each material 

topic for the following year. In FY2018, we took proactive steps to address gaps in our sustainability 

performance and identified ways in which our performance can be improved. 

 

 

 

 


 

Sustainability Report FY2018 

 

4 

 



Stakeholder Engagement  

Colex strives to build lasting relationships with key internal and external stakeholder groups that matter 

most to our business. The waste industry is constantly evolving and it is important that we understand 

issues that are relevant to us and obtain feedback from our stakeholders in order to help us make 

progress towards our business and sustainability goals.  

 

We engage our stakeholders through a range of methods (see the table below) on a regular basis to 

understand issues of concern to them and to respond to any questions raised about our business 

operations. We are also able to identify and address any concerns our stakeholders have about 

sustainability through these interactions.  

 

Stakeholders 

Engagement Methods 

Employees 

 

Company handbook  

 

New employee orientation 

 

Whistle blowing policy 

 

Safe and healthy working environment 

 

Learning and development opportunities 

Local Communities  

 

Community Involvement Programme (CIP) 

 

“Cash for Trash” initiative 

Investors/Shareholders 

 

Media releases 

 

Quarterly SGX’s announcements 

 

Briefings for investors and media 

 

Yearly annual general meeting (AGM) for shareholders 

 

Annual report 

 

Investor conferences and roadshows  

Government/Regulators 

 

Ongoing dialogues and feedback 

 

Meetings, briefings, consultations and inspections 

 

Letters and electronic communication 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

Sustainability Report FY2018 

 

5 

 



Materiality 

Focusing on materiality enables us to make decisions based on issues that are important to us and our 

stakeholders. We conducted a materiality assessment in FY2017 to identify environmental, social and 

governance (ESG) factors that were most material to our business operations and of significant interest 

to key stakeholders. In FY2018, we conducted a review to revalidate material ESG factors identified in 

FY2017. The material ESG factors in FY2018 remain unchanged from those identified in the previous 

year. 

 

We recognise the need to join global efforts to address the SDGs in order to protect the environment, 

eradicate poverty and inequality, and promote peace and stability. Therefore, we made an effort to link 

relevant SDGs to the identified material topics in order to demonstrate our commitment to achieving 

the SDGs. We strive to contribute to the achievement of the SDGs by promoting the sustainable and 

efficient management of resources and safeguarding the welfare and wellbeing of our stakeholders.  

 

The material ESG factors mapped to the SDGs in FY2018 are as follows:  

 

Sustainability Focus Areas 

Material Factors 

Relevant Sustainable 

Development Goals (SDGs) 

Economic 

 

Economic Performance2 

 

Environmental 

(Waste management 

operations only) 

 

Waste and recycling 

 

Water 

 

Energy and Emissions 

 

Goal 7: Affordable and clean 

energy  

 

Goal 11: Sustainable cities 

and communities 

Social 

 

 

Occupational Health and 

Safety 

 

Staff Retention 

 

Local Communities 

 

Goal 3: Good health and 

well-being 

 

Goal 8: Decent work and 

economic growth 

Compliance 

 

 

Social Compliance  

 

Training and Education 

 

Environmental Compliance 

 

Goal 17: Partnerships for the 

goals 

 

 

 

 

2 Please refer to our Annual Report and financial statements for details on this factor. 


 

Sustainability Report FY2018 

 

6 

 



Environmental 

Waste and Recycling 

FY2018’s Performance 

 

Amount of waste collected for recycling and/or composting: 1,430 tonnes 

Performance Against FY2018’s Target 

 

Achieved our FY2018’s target of continuing to bundle waste recycling services to further 

encourage recycling of waste 

FY2019’s Target(s) 

 

Continue to bundle waste recycling services to further encourage recycling of waste 

 

As a waste management and cleaning service provider, we believe it is our responsibility to protect the 

environment by managing waste generated in the areas we serve in an efficient and sustainable 

manner.  

We continue to serve residents in Jurong by collecting both waste and recyclable items from this area. 

Solid waste collected from the area is incinerated at our incineration facility while recycled items are 

processed at our own Material Recovery Facilities (MRF). We view the contract as an opportunity for 

us to fulfil a community service obligation and strive to ensure that these services are delivered to a 

high standard. At the beginning of each day, a driver job card with an assigned collection route is 

provided to each driver collecting waste. Waste pick-ups are tracked and monitored through a Global 

Positioning System (GPS) tracker installed on each collection truck. Each driver’s job card is signed off 

by a supervisor upon returning to the site of the facility.  

Besides waste collection services, we offer bundling recycling services to our clients. To increase the 

use of these services, we created recycling corners with recycling bins provided at the sites with full 

signage. All recyclable materials collected are taken to the MRF where the sorting of paper, plastics, 

metal and aluminium takes place. The sorted items are then sold to various vendors, who either use or 

export them.  

 

As for our own activities, one of the main wastes that we produce is engine oil from our workshop. 

Understanding that this is a toxic waste, we contract waste disposal specialists to take away and safely 

dispose of this waste. In addition, we use non-toxic chemicals in our cleaning service operations since 

they are safe to use and have a low environmental impact. We also purchase and use environmentally-

friendly products such as toilet paper made from recycled fibres in our operations. 

 

 

3,200

3,000

1,000

1,500

2,000

2,500

3,000

3,500

FY2017

FY2018

Engine Oil Waste (litre) 

800

950

483

480

0

500

1000

1500

2000

FY2017

FY2018

Waste Disposal (tonne)

Waste sent for composting (tonne)

Waste sent for recycling (tonne)


 

Sustainability Report FY2018 

 

7 

 



The amount of waste collected for recycling and/or composting (garden waste) increased from 1,283 

tonnes in FY2017 to 1,430 tonnes in FY2018. One of the main wastes from our business operations is 

oil from the workshop. There was a decrease in the amount of oil waste that we produced from 

FY2017 to FY2018, which was due to a higher grade of oil used for Euro 6 engines which require 

longer oil change interval.   We will continue to maintain or reduce the amount of oil waste produced 

in FY2019. 

Water 

FY2018’s Performance 

 

Water intensity = 0.02 m3/tonne of waste collected 

Performance Against FY2018’s Target 

 

Achieved our FY2018’s target of capping our water usage at 550 m3/month; our water usage 

was 414 m3/month 

FY2019’s Target 

 

Maintain or reduce water intensity at current levels 

 

According to a study conducted by the World Resources Institute in 2015, Singapore was identified as 

one of six countries that are most likely to be water stressed by 2040. Reducing the pressure on our 

water resources and the environment is, therefore, a national priority.  

 

Truck washing and the cleaning of the MRF account for a significant amount of the water consumption 

at Colex. We recognise that reducing water consumption in our operations is essential to environmental 

stewardship. Hence, we have implemented measures to reduce our water use for truck washing and 

MRF cleaning. Training and information on water-saving measures are provided to truck drivers to 

promote water conservation. We also use rainwater stored in a tank in our daily operations.  

 

Waste water management is an important sustainability issue for Colex because waste water is 

generated from truck washing and the cleaning of the MRF. Waste water pollutes the environment and 

the food chain and is harmful to the environment and human health. Hence, we engage a licenced 

contractor to collect waste water generated on a daily basis. Also, a waste water treatment process has 

been implemented at Colex since December 2018.  

 

 

0.02

0.02

0.00

0.01

0.01

0.02

0.02

0.03

0.03

FY2017

FY2018

Water Intensity (m3/tonne) 


 

Sustainability Report FY2018 

 

8 

 



All water used on our premises and in our business operations was drawn from the Public Utilities Board 

(PUB). In FY2018, our water consumption was 414 m3 a month on average. Our water intensity 

remained constant at 0.02 m3/tonne of waste collected from FY2017 to FY2018.   

 

Energy and Emissions 

FY2018’s Performance 

 

Total energy intensity: 0.023 GJ/tonne  

 

Total GHG emissions intensity from electricity use: 0.016 tCO2e/tonne 

Performance Against FY2018’s Target 

 

Achieved our FY2018’s target.  The energy usage for FY2018 was 6,500 GJ 

FY2019’s Target 

 

We aim to maintain or reduce energy intensity at current levels 

 

In the waste industry, energy consumption accounts for a substantial portion of operating costs and 

greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. At Colex, a significant amount of this energy use occurs at the MRF 

in the form of electricity. The machines, tools, trucks and vans used in our operations consume a large 

amount of diesel, which contributes to our total GHG emissions. Therefore, reducing our energy 

consumption is an efficient and effective means of lowering our operating costs and minimising our 

carbon footprint. We have robust systems in place to monitor and manage our energy consumption to 

help us ensure we are being as energy efficient as possible. 

 

In order to reduce our energy consumption and GHG emissions, we use fuel-efficient vehicles in our 

operations and regularly upgrade existing vehicles. Training is provided to each truck driver on using 

the shortest routes possible and tracking each vehicle’s diesel consumption using a computerised 

system. Trucks and vans that have high diesel consumption are inspected and serviced if required and 

the diesel consumption of each vehicle is presented to the management on a monthly basis. Our 

vehicles use high-quality, low-sulphur diesel that is purchased directly from the refinery. In addition, 

we use automated trucks and electric lifters when collecting and sorting waste as a way of cutting down 

on GHG emissions and noise pollution in the areas we serve. All vehicles are inspected yearly to comply 

with the Land Transport Authority’s Carbon Emissions-Based Vehicle Scheme (CEVS). We also adhere 

to United Nations Economic Commission for Europe (UNECE)’s R101 Fuel Consumption standards. To 

promote environmental awareness, a truck inspection manual is provided to each truck driver and 

posters on environmental issues are displayed within our premises.  

In our office, we use LED lights, a motion sensor system and an energy-efficient air-conditioner system 

to reduce our electricity consumption. We also encourage our employees to turn off lights when they 

are not in use. We track and monitor the electricity consumption of the MRF and a report is presented 

to the management on a monthly basis. This measure allows us to mitigate any increase in electricity 

consumption. We ensure that the electricity supply to the MRF is disconnected when it is not in use 

and that all the machines run in an efficient manner.  

Our total energy intensity decreased 5% from 0.025 GJ/tonne of waste collected in FY2017 to 0.023 

GJ/tonne of waste collected in FY2018. The total GHG emissions intensity remained constant at 0.016 

tCO2e/tonne of waste collected between FY2017 and FY2018.   


 

Sustainability Report FY2018 

 

9 

 



 

Social 

Occupational Health and Safety 

FY2018’s Performance 

 

Number of fatalities as a result of work-related injury: 0 

 

All our operations assessed for bizSAFE Level 3 

Performance Against FY2018’s Target 

 

Achieved our FY2018’s target of zero workplace accidents resulting in permanent injury or 

fatality  

FY2019’s Target 

 

Continue to assess all our operations for bizSAFE Level 3 

 

At Colex, safeguarding the health and safety of our employees is our priority since some of them are in 

roles that pose health and safety risks. We strive to provide our employees an incident and injury free 

work environment by adopting safety practices and looking for ways to reduce health and safety risks 

whenever possible. It is our responsibility to ensure that the working conditions of our employees 

adhere to international standards.  

All of our operations are assessed for health and safety risks on a regular basis and are bizSAFE Level 3 

certified. In order to achieve bizSAFE level 3 certification, members of Colex’s top management team 

took part in a bizSAFE Workshop for Top Management conducted by a bizSAFE service provider. A Risk 

Management (RM) Champion was then appointed to participate in a bizSAFE course to develop a Risk 

Management Implementation Plan, which is audited every three years by an external third party 

approved by the Ministry of Manpower (MOM).  

Employees of Colex Environmental Pte Ltd and Integrated Property Management (IPM) Pte Ltd (both 

of which are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Colex) receive training relating to “work at height” and safety 

in the workplace. All new employees are required to attend an induction course which includes safety 

training. We also ensure that our welders receive health screenings and medical tests regularly. We 

have an emergency response team who are trained in firefighting and first aid in order to comply with 

the Singapore Civil Defence Force’s requirements as a result of the presence of diesel tanks on our 

premises.  

Our safety handbook contains information on health and safety procedures and is provided to each of 

our employees. We also adhere to the National Environment Agency (NEA)’s Safety Guide for General 

0.025

0.023

0.000

0.005

0.010

0.015

0.020

0.025

0.030

FY2017

FY2018

Total Energy Intensity (GJ/tonne)

0.016

0.016

0.000

0.005

0.010

0.015

0.020

FY2017

FY2018

Total GHG Emissions Intensity 

(tCO2e/tonne)


 

Sustainability Report FY2018 

 

10 

 



Waste Collectors. In our cleaning business, our cleaners are trained on proper handling of equipment 

and chemical to ensure their safety. 

In FY2018, there were zero workplace related fatalities reported.  

Staff Development 

FY2018’s Performance 

 

100% of eligible employees received a bi-annual performance review  

Performance Against FY2018’s Target 

 

Achieved our FY2018’s target of providing bi-annual performance reviews for 100% of eligible 

employees 

FY2019’s Target 

 

Continue to provide bi-annual performance reviews for 100% of eligible employees 

 

Our employees are our biggest asset and we are committed to developing and investing in our human 

capital. We recognise the importance of creating a positive work environment for our employees as it 

can improve employee performance, which in turn contributes to the company's overall growth. We 

strive to create an environment where our employees are encouraged to develop and grow within the 

company.  

Each employee receives a performance review that evaluates his/her performance and identifies 

his/her professional development goals twice a year. The outcome of each employee’s performance 

appraisal is compiled and a report is submitted to the management team before an annual increment 

proposal is made.  

We also offer the following benefits to our employees:  

 

Full Attendance Incentives 

 

Recommendation Award referring new crew and new cleaners under a friend-gets-friend scheme 

 

Provision of Daily Productivity Incentive (DPI) in a salary package 

 

Provision of medical fee and proficiency driving test coverage  

 

Flexi working hours; after completion of jobs, driver are allowed to leave, to encourage productivity 

and efficiency. 

 

Birthday vouchers and monthly birthday celebration(s) 

 

A “buddy system” for new employees 

 

Year-end gathering for all staff 

 

Yearly Management Retreat for G&amp;A Staff 

 

Periodic buffet lunch for site staff 

 

In FY2018, there were 96% full-time and 4% part-time employees in Colex. Male employees consisted 

of 61% of Colex’s total workforce while female employees comprised 39%. In line with our policies, all 

eligible3 employees received a bi-annual performance review in FY2018.  

 

 

3 Eligible employees are all full-time permanent employees of Colex Environmental Limited and Integrated 

Property Management Pte Ltd 


 

Sustainability Report FY2018 

 

11 

 



 

 

Local Communities 

 

FY2018’s Performance 

 

Implemented several awareness-raising initiatives that have a positive impact on our 

communities 

Performance Against FY2018’s Targets 

 

Achieved our FY2018’s target of continuing to raise awareness about recycling by inviting 

students from local schools to visit our plants and facilities 

 

Achieved our target of responding to all complaints made through our email: 

wastemgt@colex.com.sg within three working days as stipulated in the policy  

FY2019’s Targets 

 

Continue to raise awareness about recycling by inviting students from local schools to visit our 

plants and facilities 

 

As a waste collection and cleaning company, it is our responsibility to promote better waste 

management and encourage the use of recycling services, which are vital in building healthy and 

sustainable neighbourhoods and communities. We believe that providing community services will have 

a positive impact on our communities in which we operate. Therefore, we have implemented several 

initiatives aimed at raising awareness about the importance of proper waste disposal and recycling.  For 

example, once again, we invited several schools to visit the MRF in order to give them an understanding 

on how waste is sorted and recycled. We also work with these schools on their newspaper collection 

initiatives under the Community Involvement Programme (CIP). We also run recycling programmes for 

the community, such as the cash-for-trash initiative held every Sunday in Jurong. The initiative 

encourages residents to recycle and to keep recyclable materials out of landfills.  

We acknowledge that our business operations can have some negative impacts on local communities, 

which include noise pollution, traffic congestion and road safety hazards. Hence, we strive to address 

these issues through careful planning and monitoring our waste collection schedule based on residents' 

needs in order to provide quality services to the communities we serve. For example, the driver’s card 

is signed off by a supervisor daily to ensure that each driver adheres to the waste collection schedule. 

Besides that, we halt waste collection activities in business areas during lunch hours and we adjust our 

waste collection schedules to minimise disruption to the routines of residents. Also, cleaning services 

are provided based on clients’ schedules and needs and are monitored on a regular basis.  

 

61%

39%

Total Employees by Gender (FY2018)

Male

Female

96%

4%

Total Employees by Type (FY2018)

Full-Time

Part-Time


 

Sustainability Report FY2018 

 

12 

 



Compliance 

FY2018’s Performance 

 

Zero incidents of significant4 non-compliance with all relevant training, socioeconomic and 

environmental laws and regulations 

Performance Against FY2018’s Target 

 

Achieved our FY2018’s target of achieving zero incidents of significant5 non-compliance with all 

relevant training, socioeconomic and environmental laws and regulations 

FY2019’s Target 

 

Achieve zero incidents of significant5 non-compliance with all relevant training, socioeconomic 

and environmental laws and regulations 

 

As a waste collection company and licenced cleaning service provider, we strive to conduct our 

operations in a sustainable way and in compliance with various laws and regulations. We are committed 

to meeting the requirements of NEA’s environmental laws and MOM’s social and training regulations 

in order to minimise harm to human health and the environment. In FY2018, there were zero incidents 

of significant5 non-compliance with all relevant training, socioeconomic and environmental laws and 

regulations.  

Social Compliance 

We require all our drivers and attendants to attend Singapore Workforce Skills Qualifications (WSQ)’s 

and NEA’s Clean Mark training programmes. We also ensure employees who are involved in cleaning 

tasks undertake WSQ’s courses in order to equip them with the necessary knowledge and skills to 

perform their jobs.  

In addition, we follow MOM’s regulation of not employing illegal and “phantom” workers. To comply 

with the regulation, we conduct regular checks on employees’ identification cards (IDs) and work 

permits to ensure that we meet the requirements of the regulation.  

At Colex, we have a strict no-missed collection policy and require our drivers to adhere to a 7am-7pm 

collection schedule. All our trucks are fitted with speed limiters and our truck drivers are required to 

adhere to a speed limit of 60 km/h so as not to endanger the safety of our communities. 

Training and Education 

We also offer training to directors and relevant employees regularly when there are changes made to 

existing laws and policies. Information about these laws and policies is included in the company 

handbook and is provided to all employees.  We have achieved the target of zero cases of non-

compliance in respect of the mandatory training and hiring requirements set by MOM. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4 Significant non-compliance is an incident resulting in a fine over SGD 5,000. 

5 Significant non-compliance is an incident resulting in a fine over SGD 10,000. 


 

Sustainability Report FY2018 

 

13 

 



 

 

Environmental Compliance 

At Colex, we are taking steps to ensure that we are in compliance with various environmental laws and 

regulations enforced by NEA and other regulatory bodies as well as international standards (such as ISO 

14000). We have implemented measures to minimise the environmental impact of all aspects of our 

business, which include ensuring no leakages from trucks and proper containment of waste during 

waste collection.  

All our operations meet the requirements of the ISO 14000 (environmental management) and ISO 9000 

(quality management) standards. Our employees are also required to familiarise themselves with NEA’s 

Code of Practice for Licensed General Waste Collectors.  

