




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































BOOK NOW






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































01 

About this Report 

02 

Message from the Group CEO  

04 

ComfortDelGro in Focus 

06 

Materiality 

08  

The Green Statement  

09  

Environment 

14  

Health &amp; Safety 

24 

Supply Chain 

26  

Our Stakeholders and Partners  

28  

Our People  

36  

Reaching Out 

39  

Our Approach to Sustainability 

43  

ComfortDelGro Content Index G4 (Core)

CONTENTS

CONTENTS


















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































ABOUT THIS REPORT

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited reaffirms our 

commitment to sustainability, with the publication of our 

second standalone Sustainability Report prepared in 

accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative’s (GRI) G4 

Guidelines: Core option.

The Report focusses on aspects which have been 

deemed as material to ComfortDelGro’s businesses and 

key Stakeholders, based on the economic, environmental 

and social impact caused by our everyday activities. A 

Materiality Test was conducted in Financial Year 2015 and the 

assessment has been reviewed and remains valid. 

Your feedback is welcome and you can reach us at 

sustainability@comfortdelgro.com.

Reporting Period and Scope

This Report articulates ComfortDelGro’s strategies and 

practices in all aspects of sustainability, and provides a 

detailed account of our sustainability performance in all 

our operations around the world. It is based on the Group’s 

financial year from 1 January to 31 December 2016 and will be 

published annually.

This Report supplements ComfortDelGro’s Annual Report 

2016, which can be found on our corporate website 

www. comfortdelgro.com. The Sustainability Report 

underscores our commitment to keep all Stakeholders 

– Customers, Employees, Investors, Business Partners, 

Regulators and Community members – abreast of efforts and 

developments in the field of Corporate Social Responsibility. 

In accordance with our efforts to be more environmentally 

friendly, this Report will only be produced in CD form. It is also 

available for download on our website. 

Independent Consultancy

An independent Sustainability consulting firm, Paia 

Consulting, was appointed to provide external assistance 

with the development of the contents of this Report, in line 

with the GRI G4 (Core) guidelines. We intend to seek external 

assurance in the future.



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































sustainability report 2016

01




MESSAGE FROM THE GROUP CEO

As we work at improving our sustainability profile, we continue to keep in view 

our Core Values of setting realistic and challenging goals whilst upholding the 

tenets of integrity and ethics.





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































comfortdelgro corporation limited

02


Introduction

In the last 12 months, we have 

focussed our attention on building on 

the foundations that we have laid in 

the area of sustainability. From health 

and safety to recycling and waste 

management, from energy efficiency to 

people empowerment, we have been, 

and continue to be, deeply committed to 

ensuring a more sustainable future, for 

current and future generations.

Our Commitment

As our businesses have grown through 

the years, so too has our commitment 

to the issues that we accord great 

importance – either because of their 

impact on us or our Stakeholders, on 

society or the environment at large.

In this, our second Sustainability 

Report, we have expanded coverage 

of our sustainability approach beyond 

Singapore to all our operations 

worldwide. We have provided insights 

into our businesses, while highlighting 

the economic, environmental and 

social aspects of our developments and 

operations in accordance with the Global 

Reporting Initiative Guidelines (G4 Core). 

Specifically, we have focussed on issues 

that matter most to our businesses 

and our Stakeholders, both internal 

and external, based on the materiality 

test that we conducted in 2015 – and 

which remain relevant. These include 

environmental stewardship, economic 

performance, health and safety, labour 

practices, energy efficiency, accessibility 

and social responsibility. In line with 

these guidelines, we have also set 

targets where possible.

Conclusion

As a global land transport group, 

we are fully cognisant of the impact 

our operations can have on the 

environment. To this end, we have, 

and continue to, work closely 

with Regulators as well as vehicle 

manufacturers and suppliers to 

reduce our overall carbon footprint. 

With a fleet of over 45,300 vehicles 

worldwide, and a rail network of 

over 82km, we are also aware of our 

responsibilities to the millions of 

commuters and customers we serve 

every day. To this end, we invest 

significantly in new technologies to not 

only improve our backend processes, 

but also to upgrade our frontend 

services so as to improve the overall 

customer experience. 

As we work at improving our 

sustainability profile, we continue 

to keep in view our Core Values of 

setting realistic and challenging goals 

whilst upholding the tenets of integrity 

and ethics. 

Kua Hong Pak

Managing Director/Group CEO



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































sustainability report 2016

03


COMFORTDELGRO IN FOCUS

SOCIAL IMPACT

* Singapore operations refer to SBS Transit 

 

United Kingdom operations refer to Metroline 

 

Australian operations refer to ComfortDelGro Corporation Australia

** Excludes operations in China, Vietnam and Malaysia

Employees who are at least 

60 years old across the Group

Donations to Charity by the Group in 2016

OVER

S$1.3 MILLION

Accident Severity Rate**

Accident Frequency Rate**

Passenger Injury Rate 

Per Million Km**

MORE THAN

14

%

 95.5%

SINGAPORE

2.10

SINGAPORE

24.96

SINGAPORE

(2015: 29.66)

1.87

SINGAPORE

(2015: 1.71)

 100%

    UNITED KINGDOM

12.86

UNITED KINGDOM &amp; 

IRELAND

8.23

UNITED KINGDOM &amp; 

IRELAND

9.77

UNITED KINGDOM &amp; 

IRELAND

 75%

   AUSTRALIA

3.39

AUSTRALIA

227.87

AUSTRALIA

30.01

AUSTRALIA

Accessibility on buses*

28%

21%

14%

10%

10%

Major nationalities 

in our workforce

5

Female employees across the Group

CLOSE TO

14

%

comfortdelgro corporation limited

04


Energy used



ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT**

** 

Excludes operations in Vietnam and Malaysia

*** Data available only for Singapore

**** Data available only for Singapore and the United Kingdom

Waste collected

19,137

TONNES

Greenhouse Gas emissions

1,380,023

TONNES CO2e

380,095,012 KWH

Water used

2,482,239 M3

Paper, including 

cartons, recycled***

Paper used****

101,380 KG

36,895 REAMS

Number of vehicles  

fitted with CCTVs or

in-vehicle cameras**

99

%

SINGAPORE

100

%

 

UNITED KINGDOM

84

%

AUSTRALIA

sustainability report 2016

05


MATERIALITY

Materiality guides ComfortDelGro 

on issues to focus on for long-term 

sustainability. An in-depth materiality 

assessment based on internal and 

external stakeholder expectations was 

conducted in 2015. 

The issues that have been identified as 

material to us are environmental and 

social issues that reflect significant 

impacts on our operations, or could 

substantively influence the assessments 

and decisions on our Stakeholders. 

Based on international best practices, 

we have made an initial prioritisation 

of the issues using the internationally 

accepted AccountAbility 5-Part 

Materiality Test model, embedded in the 

AA1000 standard. 

The materiality assessment involved 

ComfortDelGro’s Senior Management 

as well as External Stakeholders. Their 

rating is shown in the diagram provided. 

[G4-18]

Accessibility

As a provider of land transport services, 

accessibility is a critical part of our 

business focus. We are committed 

to providing our services equitably to 

serve all customers – independent of 

age or ability. To this end, we invest 

extensively in systems, processes and 

new technologies including wheelchair-

accessible and low-floor buses. 

Anti-Corruption 

Business and ethical integrity are 

pillars of our corporate psyche. The 

ComfortDelGro Group does not tolerate 

corruption in any part of its business. 

Our fight against corruption is guided by 

the following principles:

•	

The ComfortDelGro Group shall 

not participate in or endorse any 

corrupt practices. 

•	

Representatives of the Group shall 

not offer customers, potential 

customers, suppliers, consultants, 

Governments (Agencies of 

Governments) or any representative 

of such entities, any rewards or 

benefits in violation of applicable 

laws or established business 

practices stricter than applicable 

Medium

Anti-Corruption (I&amp;E)

Economic Performance (I&amp;E)

Energy Efficiency, Air Emissions (I&amp;E)

Health &amp; Safety (I&amp;E)

Labour-Management Relations, Employee Engagement (I)

Non-Discrimination (I&amp;E)

Public Policy and Regulatory Framework (I&amp;E)

Accessibility (E)

Diversity (I&amp;E)

Employee Training (I)

Local Communities (E)

Waste Management (I&amp;E)

Water Consumption (I&amp;E)

Level of Relevance

High

Material Issue

(I=Internally relevant, E=Externally relevant)

[G4-19, G4-20, G4-21]

TABLE: LIST OF MATERIAL ISSUES

Non-Discrimination

Energy Use, 

Air Emissions

Labour-

Management 

Relations, Employee 

Engagement

Health &amp; Safety

Public Policy 

and Regulatory 

Framework

Economic 

Performance

Anti-Corruption

Water Consumption

Diversity

Local 

Communities

Waste Management

Employee Training

Accessibility

0.00

1.00

2.00

3.00

4.00

INTERNAL

EXTERNAL

DIAGRAM: RANKING OF MATERIAL ISSUES BY STAKEHOLDERS

comfortdelgro corporation limited

06


laws, in order to obtain or retain 

business or to gain any other 

improper advantage. 

•	

Our employees shall not accept 

payments, gifts or other kinds 

of reimbursement from a third 

party that could affect or appear 

to affect their objectivity in their 

business decisions.

•	

We believe in full transparency 

and accord equal treatment to all 

existing and potential suppliers.

Diversity and Non-Discrimination

ComfortDelGro embraces diversity. 

We believe in creating an inclusive 

environment where our employees treat 

each other equally, honestly and with 

respect. We want to nurture a culture 

where diverse perspectives can help 

drive our Group forward. 

We strive to provide a fair and 

supportive work environment for all 

our employees, regardless of their age, 

sex, marital status, sexual orientation, 

disability, race, colour, nationality, 

ethnic or national origin, religion, or 

affiliation to any political party or trade 

union. We aim to employ people who 

reflect the diverse nature of society 

and we value each of our employees 

for the contribution they make, both 

individually, and as part of the Group.

Our policy applies to recruitment and 

selection, terms and conditions of 

employment including pay, promotion, 

training, transfer, references and every 

other aspect of employment.

Economic Performance

ComfortDelGro believes in creating 

long-term economic value for our 

Shareholders as well as the key 

Stakeholders by adopting responsible 

business practices and growing the 

business in a sustainable manner. 

Details of the Group’s economic 

performance for 2016 can be found in 

our Annual Report 2016.

Employee Training

ComfortDelGro invests continually in 

our employees to develop their skills 

and talent. We ensure that employees 

understand their responsibilities and 

are given access to necessary training 

to equip them to do their jobs better.

Environmental Impacts: 

Energy Use and Air Emissions, 

Water Consumption and 

Waste Management

The ComfortDelGro Group is committed 

to managing and minimising the impact 

of our business operations on the 

environment, including our supply chain. 

Our commitment to the environment is 

steadfast. Whether it is the vehicles we 

run or the buildings we operate in, we are 

committed to ensuring that our Green 

Quotient is kept high.

We endeavour to continue to improve 

the management of our environment 

impact by reducing resource usage 

and minimising waste. We are firmly 

committed to investing in new, more 

environmentally friendly vehicles, so as 

to reduce our emissions footprint.

Health &amp; Safety

As a land transport Group, managing 

the health and safety of our customers, 

our employees and the public is 

not just a priority, it is a necessity. 

With over 45,300 vehicles plying the 

roads in seven countries, we have in 

place stringent checks, systems and 

processes to ensure that health and 

safety is never compromised. Safety 

requirements are incorporated in tender 

documents for relevant products and 

services. We have also invested heavily 

in training and re-training courses, 

and run safety awareness and training 

programmes to instil a safety and 

security conscious culture in employees 

at all levels. This safety focus continues 

to be strongly reflected in the Group’s 

policies, procedures and training. 

Labour-Management Relations, 

Employee Engagement

Our people are undoubtedly our most 

valued assets. Without them, we would 

not be where we are today. Indeed, 

we strongly subscribe to the view that 

a happy and motivated workforce 

will ultimately translate into happy 

and satisfied customers. In the long 

run, this can only result in growth for 

the organisation. 

To this end, we provide equal 

opportunities to our staff, invest in 

comprehensive training to develop 

them to their maximum potential and 

engage them actively in what we 

do. Significantly, as an employer, we 

ensure that all terms and conditions 

of employment, along with policies 

and procedures, comply with 

relevant regulations. 

Local Communities

ComfortDelGro is committed to 

community contribution in all the 

countries we operate in. We actively 

reach out in various areas including 

education, welfare, disaster relief 

and health.

Public Policy and Regulatory 

Framework

ComfortDelGro engages with 

Governments at many different levels to 

help shape public policy and regulations 

that support the land transport sector. 

We also work closely with Regulators, 

Association Partners and Unions on 

issues which affect our business and 

our Stakeholders.

While most of the material issues are 

relevant to all our Business Units, issues 

like Public Policy, Accessibility and 

Local Communities are most relevant 

to our bus and train businesses. 

Environmental material issues are of 

highest significance for our bus, train 

and taxi businesses.

sustainability report 2016

07


THE GREEN STATEMENT































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































The ComfortDelGro Group of Companies aims to minimise the impact of 

its activities on the environment by ensuring continuous improvement in 

environmental performance whilst bearing in mind prevailing technical 

and operational constraints. The Group is also committed to complying 

with all statutory and regulatory requirements. 

Our overall goal in environmental management is to minimise the harmful effects 

of our operations across Singapore, the United Kingdom, Ireland, China, Australia, 

Vietnam and Malaysia on the environment. By striving to reduce the environmental 

footprint of each passenger journey, ComfortDelGro can contribute to reductions 

in air pollution from road transport and carbon dioxide emissions. A complete 

elimination of harmful emissions is, however, not possible and we will explore how 

best we can offset any negative impact we have on the environment.

We endeavour to continue to improve the management of our environmental 

impacts by reducing resource usage and minimising waste. We will continue 

to make ongoing investments in new vehicles so as to reduce our emissions 

profile and we will continue to support research into alternative fuels.

comfortdelgro corporation limited

08


•	

Continually improve the environmental performance 

and minimise impact through resource and energy 

management and pollution prevention;

•	

Manage our carbon footprint and energy consumption 

through the use of technology, process improvements, 

energy optimisation and other efficiency measures; and

•	

Adopt plans and measures throughout our operations 

and infrastructure to mitigate the longer term risks of 

climate change.

These goals and strategies are clearly outlined and displayed 

in all our offices to motivate our staff. 

Vehicle Emissions Profile

ComfortDelGro has always been among the first adopters 

of the Government’s Green Policies in deploying suitable 

vehicles for service in support of the environment.

Depending on the country, the target is to reduce our 

emissions profile over the next few years by converting to 

greener vehicles – be they Euro 6 or better, hybrid, all electric 

or Compressed Natural Gas (CNG).

In Singapore, for example, ComfortDelGro Taxi intends to 

convert half of its fleet to Euro 6 and above by 2020. In Perth, 

the target is to increase the proportion of hybrid taxis in its 

fleet from 17% to 20% by the end of 2017.

ComfortDelGro Taxi, which is Singapore’s largest taxi operator 

with 16,822 vehicles, registered its first Euro 5 Hyundai i-40 

taxi in August 2013. It also became the 

first taxi operator in Southeast Asia to 

roll out Euro 6 Limousines in May 2015, 

several years ahead of the Government’s 

deadline of January 2018 for diesel 

vehicles to meet Euro 6 standards. The 

150 limousines come with Adblue tanks 

that help reduce harmful emissions by 

transforming 90% of the nitrogen oxide 

into environmentally friendly particles 

such as water and nitrogen. They also 

emit only 124g of carbon per kilometre 

compared to 129g/km for the Euro 5 and 

132g/km for the older Euro 4 models. 

ENVIRONMENT

The ComfortDelGro Group is committed to minimising its 

environmental impact. In fact, the very nature of a large part 

of our business is to try to steer communities away from the 

use of private cars. We are continually looking at ways to 

manage and minimise the impact of our business operations 

on the environment. Our commitment to the environment is 

steadfast. Whether it is the vehicles we run or the buildings 

we operate in, we are committed to ensuring that our Green 

Quotient is kept high.

We endeavour to continue to improve the management of 

our environmental impact by reducing resource usage and 

minimising waste. We are firmly committed to investing in 

new, more environmentally friendly vehicles, so as to reduce 

our emissions footprint.

We effectively manage energy efficiency, air emissions, waste 

and water consumption. Our environmental policy has been 

implemented for close to a decade under the supervision 

of our Green Committee, involving Senior Management 

and all relevant Business Units/Central Functions. 

ComfortDelGro compiles the necessary data and reviews 

its performance regularly, deciding on and implementing 

improvement measures.

This year, we expanded our scope of environmental reporting 

to include operations in Australia, China, the United Kingdom 

(UK) and Ireland. Data relating to fuel is provided where the 

vehicles are owned by the businesses.

Our longer term environmental goals are:

•	

To improve our emissions profile per passenger journey 

and per passenger kilometre;

•	

To reduce waste and to increase the proportion of waste 

reused/recycled;

•	

To improve the environmental management standards 

across the Group;

•	

To continue to encourage and promote the use of public 

transport so as to ensure a modal shift away from car use;

•	

To continue to support initiatives on research and trial the 

use of alternative fuels;

•	

To continuously work at inculcating and strengthening the 

Green Culture amongst the staff

To achieve this, we will:

•	

Identify, assess and actively manage all material aspects 

of our environmental impact;

1,000

ComfortDelGro Taxi is 

rolling out another

Toyota Prius petrol-electric hybrid 

taxis over the next two years

dual-fuelled 

taxis

In China, we invest in

that run on both CNG and petrol

5

all-electric double deck 

buses in April 2016 

In London, Metroline added

100%

SBS Transit achieved a 

passing rate for the 

Chasis Dynamometer 

Smoke Test in 2016 

In Singapore, 

ComforDelGro 

Taxi intends to 

convert half of 

its fleet to

Euro 6 and 

above by 2020

sustainability report 2016

09


ENVIRONMENT

Always conscious of its carbon footprint, ComfortDelGro Taxi 

upped its Green Quotient by trialing two Toyota Prius petrol-

electric hybrid taxis in January 2016. The Prius taxi, which 

is powered by battery and petrol, has a mileage of 3.7 litres 

per 100km. Its hybrid synergy drive recoups energy when 

slowing down or braking, charging the battery pack with it. 

The energy is then used to drive the taxi emissions-free at low 

speed. Because of the hybrid system, the Prius taxi is able to 

operate on electric power alone for considerable periods, and 

has been proven to reduce smog and local air pollution by up 

to 90%. 

Following the successful trial, ComfortDelGro Taxi rolled 

out a total of 200 Toyota Prius petrol-electric hybrid taxis by 

end-2016. Another 1,000 Toyota Prius petrol-electric hybrid 

taxis are expected to replace the Hyundai Sonata taxis over 

the next two years. The Company had also started trialing the 

Hyundai Ioniq petrol-electric hybrid taxi in January 2017, which 

is similar to the Prius.

The carbon emissions from the newer fleet with better 

emissions are shown below:

•	

Euro 4 Hyundai Sonata – 184g/km

•	

Euro 5 Hyundai i-40 – 159g/km

•	

Toyota Prius – 97g/km

As at December 2016, our taxi fleet in Singapore comprised 

52.4% Euro 4 taxis, 44.9% Euro 5 taxis and 1.5% Euro 6 taxis 

and 1.2% hybrid taxis.

In London, from 1 January 2018, all taxis licensed for the first 

time must be zero emission capable, while new diesel taxis 

will not be allowed.

Private hire cars licensed for the first time in 2018 must be 

hybrids or have Euro 6-standard engines, but it is not until 

2020 must all new private hire cabs be capable of running 

solely on battery power.

In China, we invest in dual-fuelled taxis that run on both CNG 

and petrol. New dual-fuelled models that were added in 2016 

include the Peugeot 508 taxi in Nanjing; the Volkswagen 

Santana Livida taxi in Suzhou; the Volkswagen Jetta CNG taxi 

in Chengdu and Jilin; and the Volkswagen 

Santana Vista in Nanning. 

Our global bus fleet is also at the forefront 

of Green technology.

In Singapore, SBS Transit registered its 

first Euro 5 bus in 2008 – five years ahead 

of regulatory requirements. By end of 

2016, 72.5% of its fleet or 2,287 buses was 

Euro 5-compliant. The average age of its 

fleet was six years. The Company also 

conducted a hybrid bus trial with Volvo 

Singapore during the year in review. Due to the transition into 

the Government Bus Contracting Model, the number of bus 

routes operated by SBS Transit reduced from 261 in 2015 to 

202 in 2016. 

In London, Metroline added five all-electric double deck 

buses in April 2016. These super Green buses, powered by 

a compact battery kit, are completely emissions-free. They 

are able to travel 306km on a single charge and ferry up to 81 

passengers at any one time. Metroline is targeting to operate 

its entire fleet on Euro 6 or better by 2020. 

Scottish Citylink Coaches introduced five brand new Scania 

Irizar i6 Euro 6 coaches for the route between Edinburgh 

Airport and Glasgow City. Each coach is fitted with USB 

sockets and 4G Wi-Fi, and also features the latest Euro 6 

engines, allowing for greener travel.

As a member of Australia’s Roads and Traffic Authority Clean 

Fleet Programme, ComfortDelGro Corporation Australia 

(CDC) is committed to providing fleet maintenance that meets 

regulatory requirements. In 2016, CDC added another 38 Euro 

5 Environmentally Efficient Vehicles to its fleet, making 48% of 

its entire fleet environmentally friendly. 

We do not just buy Green vehicles, we also work hand in hand 

with our vehicle manufacturers and fuel suppliers in the field 

of Green Engineering, providing them with valuable feedback 

with regards to the engineering performance of prototype 

vehicles and fuel technologies. 

In a project supported by the Beijing Municipal government, 

Beijing Jin Jian Taxi Services replaced the auto three-way 

catalytic converter in their taxis with brand new converters.

Our subsidiary, VICOM, operates a S$5.8 million facility 

that can conduct vehicle exhaust gaseous and particulate 

matter emission tests in compliance with Euro 5 or more 

stringent exhaust emission standards. The VICOM Emission 

Test Laboratory (VETL) works closely with the Authorities to 

ensure that newly registered diesel and petrol-driven vehicles, 

as well as motorcycles and scooters, comply with emission 

standards. During the year, as more vehicles de-registered, 

VETL experienced strong growth. Besides doing more 

tests for conventional diesel and petrol vehicles, VETL also 

tested full electric and plug-in hybrid vehicles. As a partner 

of the National Environment Agency’s (NEA) Programme for 

Environmental Experiential Learning, VICOM also helps to 

demonstrate the importance of regular vehicle inspections to 

road users and overseas Regulators. This helps to ensure that 

vehicles comply with the fuel emission standards.

Since 2005, VICOM’s wholly-owned subsidiary, SETSCO, 

has been providing testing and auditing services for the 

Singapore Environment Council’s (SEC) Singapore Green 

Labelling Scheme. This label endorses consumer products 

and services that have a smaller carbon footprint.

SBS Transit 

conducted a

hybrid bus 

trial with Volvo

Singapore 

during the year

comfortdelgro corporation limited

10


Energy Efficiency

Being in the land transport business, energy efficiency ranks 

high on our priority list. This is especially important given the 

amount of time our vehicles spend on the road. Most of our 

taxis, for example, run practically non-stop as the bulk of them 

operate on dual shifts.

In all, our operations consumed about 22,299GJ of fuel 

in 2016.

With advancements in vehicular 

technology, ComfortDelGro Taxi has 

been deploying taxis with smaller engine 

capacities, without compromising 

on performance. The two-litre Euro 4 

Hyundai Sonata taxi has, for instance, 

been replaced by the 1.7-litre Euro 5 

Hyundai i-40 model.

Better fuel efficiency was also achieved 

through initiatives like EcoDrive in the 

UK and Scania Optimise in Australia, 

where drivers are trained on how to 

maximise fuel efficiency. In the Optimise system, the driving 

performance of drivers is tracked and weekly reports provided 

to show them how well they have performed in reducing 

emissions and fuel consumption. It is estimated that drivers in 

the UK reduce average fuel consumption by as much as 15% 

a year and cut carbon dioxide emissions by more than half a 

tonne if they adopt the driving patterns as recommended by 

the trainers. These include proper acceleration and braking 

techniques, as well as other green tips such as switching the 

engine off when stationary, filling up to three-quarter tank and 

de-cluttering the vehicle to lighten the load.

Electricity Consumption (kWh)

2016

Total

380,095,0121

The bulk of our electricity consumption comes from our train 

operations. To reduce electricity consumption, a 999.6kWp 

rooftop solar photovoltaic system, for example, was installed 

in the Downtown Line (DTL)’s Gali Batu Depot in 2016. This 

initiative helped generate a daily average of 3,737kWh of 

electricity to run the depot equipment operations. Energy-

efficient lightings such as Light Emitting Diode (LED) lighting 

and fluorescent light fittings are used within our train stations 

while natural light is employed at station entrances. Twelve 

new stations on DTL 2 meet the Singapore standard SS530 

for “Energy Efficiency for Building Services”.

The escalators in the new stations have been installed with 

energy saving features. When there is no one using the 

escalator, speed is reduced. The air conditioning system has 

also been installed with carbon dioxide sensors to regulate 

the outdoor air supply to the stations. As a result, energy 

consumption is reduced.

Our Green efforts extend to the design of our trains too. 

The new generation trains on the DTL feature a range of 

environmentally friendly innovations. The use of the efficient 

regenerative brakes means that every time the train stops, it 

recovers the kinetic energy and converts it for use in other 

areas. This also means less wear and tear on the mechanical 

brakes. The excess energy can be utilised by an accelerating 

train nearby or channelled back to the power distribution 

network for other uses.

In 2016, Greenhouse Gas emissions from fuel and electricity 

for our businesses was 1,380,023 tonnes of CO2 equivalent.

Rigorous Maintenance

The saying goes that prevention is better than cure. This is 

certainly true for vehicles and machinery. Indeed, vehicles 

that are operating at less than optimal level tend to emit 

more harmful emissions. This is why we have a rigorous 

maintenance regime in place. 

In the case of ComfortDelGro Taxi, all taxis are sent to the 

workshops on a monthly basis for preventive maintenance. As 

a result, we have been meeting the “First Inspection Passing 

Rate” for our fleet against the Land Transport Authority’s (LTA) 

Quality of Service standard of 98% every month.

ComfortDelGro Engineering has been working with Shell 

Petroleum Singapore since 2012 to test a new form of 

automatic transmission fluid aimed at extending the fluid 

change interval for Hyundai Sonata taxis from the usual 

40,000km to 80,000km. The aim is to reduce the amount of 

downtime for taxi drivers as well as the cost and impact on 

the environment. 

TABLE 1: ELECTRICITY CONSUMPTION

1 Electricity consumption for 2016 includes Singapore, Australia, China and the UK. Data for 2015 not available.

Our operations 

consumed 

about

in 2016

22,299GJ 

of fuel

sustainability report 2016

11


Recycling bins are placed at strategic locations in our 

offices to encourage staff to recycle. Recycling days are also 

organised where employees are encouraged to bring paper, 

plastic and cans from their homes for “deposit” into the bins. 

Our staff take it upon themselves to play their part in 

safeguarding the environment. A Senior Technical Officer on 

the North East Line (NEL) observed that whenever a Point 

Machine (which guides trains to run smoothly on the tracks) 

breaks down, there was no way to pinpoint which of the four 

relays that controlled it were faulty. As a result, all the four 

relays had to be disposed. The staff took the initiative and 

designed a test jig to accurately identify the faulty relays. In 

2016, this test jig was officially introduced for use and helped 

the Company save up to about S$33,600 last year.

The Group’s paper consumption increased from 30,906 reams 

in 2015 to 36,895 reams in 20163; however, a total of 101,580kg 

of paper and cartons was collected for recycling in Singapore 

in 2016 – an increase from 83,810kg in 2015.4 

In an effort to reduce paper wastage, SBS Transit commenced 

the process of converting paper checklists and forms into 

e-forms for use on tablets at the bus maintenance depots. 

This electronic documentation process not only improves 

efficiency and storage, it also reduces paper usage. In 

2016, we saved about 600 reams of A4 paper as a result of 

this process change. We have put 145 tablets in use at the 

workshops, and will be introducing another 132 more in 2017.

 

Water

The most significant use of water in the Group pertains to the 

washing of vehicles. 

Water Consumption (m3)

2016

Total

2,482,2395

Water consumption in Singapore was 973,837 litres in 2016. 

Our buses are also put through a very strict maintenance 

schedule. This involves preventive maintenance based on 

mileage travelled and a monthly safety check. 

In between preventive maintenance checks, buses also have 

to go through safety checks on all safety-related components 

like the brakes, exhaust and steering.

Under the LTA regulations, all buses must go for half-yearly 

Roadworthiness Certification conducted by authorised 

inspection centres. This inspection involves checking the 

steering, oil leakage, suspension system, corrosion, brakes 

and smoke emission. The bodywork of buses is also checked 

for passenger safety and the buses put through a Chassis 

Dynamometer Smoke Test (CDST). SBS Transit achieved a 

100% pass rate for 2016.

Waste Management

We have in place measures to manage waste. For example, 

ComfortDelGro Engineering has an automated Central Oil 

Management and Dispensing System, where technicians only 

need to disengage the hose and the system will do the rest. 

There is no mess, no spillage and no wastage. Better yet, the 

system eliminates the need for bottles and drums which were 

previously needed to store these fluids.

All waste from across our Business Units in Singapore is 

collected by companies licensed by the NEA. This ensures 

that all hazardous items are responsibly disposed. 

In 2016, our business generated 19,137 tonnes of waste 

materials, which included batteries, engine oil, tyres, metal, 

drums, papers and cartons.2 

Waste (tonnes)

2016

Non-hazardous waste not recycled 

2,257

Hazardous waste

16,154

Waste sent for recycling

726

Total

19,137

ENVIRONMENT

TABLE 2: WASTE DISPOSAL

TABLE 3: WATER CONSUMPTION

2 We are working on improving the coverage of waste reporting. We expanded coverage from two Business Units in 2015 to eight Business Units in 2016. 

Waste disposal for 2016 includes Singapore, Australia, China and the UK. Data for 2015 not available. 

3 Only includes paper consumption in Singapore and the UK.

4 Only includes recycling of paper and carton boxes in Singapore.

comfortdelgro corporation limited

12


Supporting Community Initiatives

In September 2016, a team of 22 SETSCO volunteers collected 

close to 500kg of waste materials at the Tanah Merah Beach 

organised by the International Coastal Cleanup Singapore. 

This was in conjunction with the “Eco Action Day Coastal 

Clean Up” event. 

In November 2016, staff across ComfortDelGro Group, taxi 

drivers, as well as 162 young and senior volunteers from 

various schools and the Lions Befrienders 

Service Association (Singapore) braved 

sun and rain to decorate 25 trees that 

the Group had sponsored in support 

of “Trees of the World”. The Christmas 

Light-Up event organised by NParks at 

the Singapore Botanic Gardens promotes 

recycling and the re-use of daily materials 

for the decoration of the trees. 

To encourage better use of natural 

resources, VICOM Singapore continued 

its support of the Earth Hour initiative by 

turning off lights during lunch, and for the 

staff at VICOM’s Sin Ming office, their air 

conditioning units as well. 

Besides organising various Green events throughout the 

year, ComfortDelGro also actively encourages staff to use 

water and electricity responsibly. Tips on how to save water, 

electricity and other resources – not just in the office but at 

home too – are regularly communicated to staff, either through 

emails or through notice board posters.

External Recognition

ComfortDelGro first received the Eco Office Label from SEC in 

December 2009. We were recertified in 2012 and then again 

from 23 October 2015. Each certification lasts for three years 

from date of certification.

VICOM and SETSCO were also recertified the Eco Office 

Label in 2016. On top of that, SETSCO received a Certificate 

of Appreciation from SEC for its invaluable support at the 

Singapore Environmental Achievement Awards 2016.

CityFleet Networks in the UK enhanced its quality 

credentials in 2016 by successfully getting all its Business 

Units in the Group accredited with the latest Environmental 

Management and Quality Management System Certification 

(ISO 14001:2015 and ISO 9001:2015). 

ComfortDelGro Irish CityLink became fully “Green” in 2016 

with an initiative that saw all of its office waste recycled.

5 Water consumption for 2016 includes Singapore, Australia, China and the UK. Data for 2015 not available.

In November 

2016, staff 

across the 

ComfortDelGro 

Group decorated

25 trees

in support of

“Trees of 

the World”

sustainability report 2016

13


Statistics

Singapore

UK

Australia

Total mileage (’mil)(km)

2,514.5

93.5

74.5

Passenger Injuries

555

1,203

253

Vehicle Collisions

2,200

4,862

2,330

Accident Severity Rate2

24.96

8.23

227.87

Accident Frequency Rate3

1.87

9.77

30.01

Singapore

For the year ended 31 December 2016, the Group’s vehicles in 

Singapore made trips totalling 2,514.5 million kilometres – that 

is about 62,745 times round the globe.4 Accidents resulting in 

555 injury cases were recorded during the year, translating 

into 2.10 passenger injuries per one million kilometres 

travelled in Singapore, or 0.04 injuries per one thousand 

journeys. There were three bus-related accidents which sadly 

resulted in passenger fatalities. In terms of vehicle collisions, 

we averaged 0.87 collisions for every one million kilometres 

with a total of 2,200 collisions.5 

HEALTH &amp; SAFETY

2,514.5 

million km

Total distance travelled 

in Singapore:

2.10/one

million km

Passenger injuries 

in Singapore:

24.96

Accident Severity Rate 

(Singapore):

1.87

Accident Frequency Rate 

(Singapore):

As a land transport Group, managing the health and safety 

of our customers, our employees and the public is not just a 

priority, it is a necessity. 

With more than 45,300 vehicles plying the roads in seven 

countries, we have in place stringent checks, systems 

and processes to ensure that health and safety is never 

compromised. We have also invested heavily in training and 

re-training, and run safety awareness and training programmes 

to instil and reinforce a safety and security conscious culture 

in employees at all levels. This focus continues to be strongly 

reflected in the Group’s policies, procedures and training. 

Year in Review

Road and passenger safety has, and will continue to be, a key 

area of focus for the Group.

For 2016, we have expanded our coverage of health and 

safety statistics to our businesses in the United Kingdom (UK) 

and Australia, in addition to Singapore.1

There had been no incidents of non-compliance with 

regulation and voluntary codes concerning the health and 

safety impacts of products and services during their life cycle.

TABLE 1: HEALTH &amp; SAFETY STATISTICS OF SINGAPORE, 

THE UK AND AUSTRALIA

1 Passenger injuries data excludes taxi passenger injuries for Singapore businesses. For overseas operations, passenger injuries and vehicle collision data are 

reported for company-owned vehicles that are driven by employees only.

2 Accident Severity Rate refers to the number of man-days lost to workplace accidents per million man-hours worked.

3 Accident Frequency Rate refers to the number of workplace accidents per million man-hours worked. 

4 Source: Universe Today (www.universetoday.com/26461/circumference-of-the-earth/).

5 Includes accidents that involved our scheduled and unscheduled buses, learner driver vehicles, as well as taxi accidents that were within the Land Transport 

Authority’s Quality of Service (QoS) accident criteria. Excludes non-traffic accidents on board scheduled buses.

PASSENGER INJURY RATE 

PER MILLION KM

2.5

2

1.5

1

0.5

0

2015

2016

1.56

2.10

VEHICLE COLLISION RATE 

PER MILLION KM

1

0.8

0.6

0.4

0.2

0

2015

2016

0.70

0.87

PASSENGER INJURY RATE 

PER THOUSAND JOURNEYS

0.1

0.05

0

2015

2016

0.15

0.12

0.04

VEHICLE COLLISION RATE 

PER MILLION JOURNEYS

10

15

5

0

2015

2016

20

11.71

14.48

ComfortDelGro Singapore

comfortdelgro corporation limited

14


In the workplace, the Group recorded zero workplace fatalities 

and a total of 68 non-fatal workplace injuries6, resulting in 

909 lost days7 in 2016. Of the 68 cases, a majority of 81% 

involved male employees – similar to the proportion of male 

employees in the Group’s Singapore operations. A very small 

proportion of incidents involved contract workers. 

Analysing the data, we see that workplace non-fatal injuries 

were mainly due to:

•	

Slips, Trips and Falls (35%);

•	

Injured by or Struck against Moving or Stationary Objects 

(21%); and

•	

Work-related Traffic8 (18%);

Incident Types

Total

Slips, Trips and Falls

24

Injured by or Struck against Moving or 

Stationary Objects

14

Work-related Traffic

12

Caught between Objects

4

Others

4

Fall from Height

3

Struck by Moving Vehicle

2

Over-exertion

2

Exposure to Extreme Temperature/

Harmful Substance

2

Assault

1

Total

68

The Accident Severity Rate (ASR) in 2016 of 24.96, was lower 

than the 2015 figure of 29.66 as well as the National Industry 

Average of 67.0.9 On the other hand, the Group’s Accident 

Frequency Rate (AFR) of 1.87 was higher than the previous 

year’s 1.71 and the National Industry Average of 0.60. We will 

continue to work towards reducing the AFR in 2017. 

TABLE 2: INCIDENT TYPES IN SINGAPORE

6 Does not include injuries of our taxi hirers, who are not employees of the Group.

7 Lost days are defined as days that could not be worked as a result of a worker or workers who are unable to perform the usual work because of an 

occupational accident or disease.

8 A work-related traffic accident, as defined by the Singapore Ministry of Manpower, is any unintended event that causes bodily injury to a vocational driver or 

rider while he or she is driving any vehicle in the course of work.

9 Source: Singapore Yearbook of Manpower Statistics 2016 by the Ministry of Manpower.

10 Passenger injuries and vehicle collision data are reported for buses only.

United Kingdom10

Our Metroline buses travelled a total of 93.5 million kilometres 

in 2016. There were 1,203 recorded injury cases in our 

scheduled bus business during the year, translating into 

12.86 passenger injuries per one million kilometres travelled. 

In terms of vehicle collisions, we averaged 51.98 collisions for 

every one million kilometres with a total of 4,862 collisions. 

Unfortunately, one of these incidents resulted in a fatality.

ASR

60

40

20

0

2015

2016

29.66

41.0

67.0

24.96

ComfortDelGro Singapore

National Industry Average Land Transport

80

AFR

1

1.5

0.5

0

2015

2016

2

1.71

1.87

0.60

0.60

sustainability report 2016

15


As for workplace injuries, our businesses in the UK recorded 

zero fatalities. However, a total of 146 workplace cases were 

registered due mainly to slips, trips and falls as a result of spills 

and pot holes, as well as assaults resulting in 123 lost days in 

2016. Nearly all of these cases involved male employees. The 

ASR was 8.23 while the AFR was 9.77. We will work towards 

reducing these occurrences. 

Incident Types

Total

Injury on board bus

52

Assaults

42

Slips, Trips and Falls

22

Others

25

Reporting of Injuries, Diseases and Dangerous 

Occurrences (RIDDOR)

5

Total

146

TABLE 3: INCIDENT TYPES IN THE UK

11 Does not include passenger injury of our taxi business as taxi drivers are not employees of the Group.

PASSENGER INJURY RATE 

PER MILLION KM

ASR

VEHICLE COLLISION RATE 

PER MILLION KM

AFR

15.00

10.00

10.00

8.00

40.00

10.00

5.00

2.00

4.00

6.00

20.00

5.00

0.00

0.00

0.00

0.00

2016

2016

2016

2016

60.00

15.00

12.86

8.23

51.98

9.77

UK and Ireland

UK and Ireland

Australia11

In Australia, ComfortDelGro Corporation Australia (CDC) 

buses travelled a total of 74.5 million kilometres in 2016. A total 

of 253 injury cases were recorded during the year, translating 

into 3.39 passenger injuries per one million kilometres 

travelled, or 10.34 injuries per one million journeys. In terms of 

vehicle collisions, CDC averaged 31.25 collisions for every one 

million kilometres with a total of 2,330 collisions.

PASSENGER INJURY RATE 

PER MILLION KM

VEHICLE COLLISION RATE 

PER MILLION KM

PASSENGER INJURY RATE 

PER MILLION JOURNEYS

VEHICLE COLLISION RATE 

PER MILLION JOURNEYS

4.00

3.00

30.00

2.00

20.00

10.00

1.00

10.00

5.00

500.00

0.00

0.00

0.00

0.00

2016

2016

2016

2016

15.00

1000.00

3.39

31.25

10.34

802.70

Australia

40.00

As for workplace injuries, CDC recorded 135 cases due 

mainly to musculoskeletal disorders, over-exertion and traffic-

related accidents, resulting in 1,025 lost days in 2016. Nine in 

10 of these involved male employees. We will continue to work 

towards reducing both the ASR, which was 227.87 and the 

AFR, which was 30.01 in 2016.

HEALTH &amp; SAFETY

comfortdelgro corporation limited

16


WSH Committees for NEL, DTL and its Sengkang and Punggol 

Light Rail Transit (LRT) system. 

ComfortDelGro Driving Centre also has an Accident Review 

Committee which was formed to evaluate and assess 

accidents, as well as develop learning points before providing 

counsel for preventive measures. The Committee has a high 

participation rate from its Management and staff. Findings 

from the review are shared during monthly dialogue sessions 

with staff and new instructors before they are deployed on 

the ground. 

In the case of ComfortDelGro Rent-A-Car, it has set up a 

Risk Management and Risk Assessment team in place of a 

WSH Committee. 

United Kingdom

In the UK, Metroline’s WSH Committees are decentralised. 

These garage-based WSH Committees include both 

Management and staff representatives of each garage 

functions as well as contractors. They meet at least 

every quarter and are responsible for all local health and 

safety issues. 

Likewise, Scottish Citylink has a WSH Committee that meets 

every quarter and is chaired by its Operations Director. Its 

WSH Committee promotes safe systems of work as well 

as highlights any health and safety concerns to Senior 

Management. It is also responsible for ensuring that the 

Health and Safety notice board, which displays a copy of the 

latest WSH Committee minutes, is maintained.

CityFleet Networks in London has both a centralised Risk 

Management Committee and CERT, which meet every six 

months. These meetings are attended by Senior Management 

as well as up to five staff. 

Australia

Every depot under CDC has a Workplace Health &amp; Safety 

(WHS) Committee comprising Management and staff 

representatives from Drivers Groups, Mechanics/Workshops, 

Administration, Planning &amp; Scheduling. These teams meet 

every quarter – sometimes even monthly – and are in charge 

of distributing WHS messages to their various workgroups. 

In Victoria, a WHS consultant attends all meetings and draws 

together common themes for action by Senior Management. 

Where necessary, issues are escalated to the Board. In 

addition, all WHS Committee representatives attend annual 

forums to discuss company-wide issues. Depot meetings 

with the ‘SPaRCQ Committees’ are also organised regularly to 

discuss safety and other related issues. 

In February 2017, a General Manager-Safety &amp; Risk was jointly 

appointed by CDC to review and streamline all safety, risk and 

workers’ compensation across the broader business. He is in 

charge of creating and implementing Business Continuity Plans 

for both operations in New South Wales (NSW) and Victoria. 

Workplace Safety &amp; Health Committees

One of the ways in which the Group manages its health and 

safety issues is through its Workplace Safety &amp; Health (WSH) 

Committees. (Annex A)

Singapore

In Singapore, all our Business Units have dedicated WSH 

Committees. This decentralised approach is more practical 

in terms of engaging and intensifying staff engagement 

on the Business Unit level. It also instils in them a sense 

of ownership over health and safety issues that arise from 

day- to-day operations.

Senior Management is involved actively in the committees. 

For example, VICOM’s WSH Committee, which comprises 

10 members, including a representative from each of its seven 

inspection centres, is chaired by a Management representative. 

Similarly, ComfortDelGro Engineering’s nine-member WSH 

Committee is led by Management, which meets once every 

month to review health and safety issues. Another 8% or 60 

staff are appointed Safety Captains to assist the Fire Safety 

Manager in ensuring safety measures are complied with. In 

addition to its WSH Committee, ComfortDelGro Engineering 

formed two Company Emergency Response Teams (CERTs), 

comprising seven staff each, in October 2016.

SBS Transit has a Safety Steering Committee chaired by its 

Senior Management from its bus and rail businesses. The 

Committee is instrumental in promoting health and safety 

within the Company, looking at new policies and strategies 

to this end. SBS Transit’s rail business has two Senior 

Management Safety Committees for North East Line (NEL) 

and Downtown Line (DTL) in addition to the three separate 

ASR

AFR

250.00

200.00

30.00

50.00

100.00

150.00

20.00

0.00

0.00

10.00

2016

2016

40.00

227.87

30.01

Australia

sustainability report 2016

17


Swan Taxis’ existing Occupational Safety and Health (OSH) 

policy is managed by its OSH officer, who reports directly to 

the Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The officer is responsible 

for carrying out OSH activities, including promoting health 

and safety messages at the workplace through posters. 

The Company plans to form an OSH Committee in 2017. In 

addition to this, Swan Taxis has both a three-member Incident 

Response Group and an eight-member Crisis Management 

Group, headed by the CEO, who meets them when required. 

China

In West China, Business Units such as Chengdu 

ComfortDelGro Taxi and ComfortDelGro Rent-A-Car 

(Chengdu) have WSH Committees comprising between three 

and five members. These WSH Committees chair monthly 

safety meetings that are attended by Management staff as 

well as drivers. As for Business Units that do not have such 

Committees, Management takes the lead in conducting health 

and safety briefings as well as organising regular emergency 

exercise to ensure its staff are responsive at all times. For 

example, Chengdu ComfortDelGro Qing Yang Driving School 

conducts health and safety meetings that are attended by 

department managers and supervisors so as to raise their 

awareness towards safety issues and to work together to 

minimise risks. Health and safety messages are also regularly 

disseminated to staff, especially driving instructors and 

safety officers.

In Guangzhou, in place of a WSH Committee is a nine-

member Safety Production Committee, which meets once a 

quarter. It manages matters related to occupational diseases, 

hazards and emergency responses. Management staff is 

equally involved in these meetings. 

Our taxi companies in East China also have qualified 

safety supervisors who head the Safety Departments. The 

Operations Manager fronts the CERT. 

Vietnam

In Vietnam, our taxi companies have fire fighting teams as 

regulatory requirements and are looking into forming similar 

WSH Committees.

Emergency Preparedness

To respond appropriately to potential emergency situations, 

all our Business Units regularly assess health and safety 

risks related to their operations and take adequate 

precautionary measures.

For example, ComfortDelGro Driving Centre, which builds 

its entire business model on safe and responsible driving, 

conducts mandatory safety briefings for all learners. To-

date, close to 60 driving instructors and 314 staff have 

undergone first aid and fire fighting training to equip them 

with the necessary skills should accidents happen while 

practical training is being conducted. As part of emergency 

preparedness, ComfortDelGro Driving Centre conducted a 

flood emergency recall exercise in which staff were called 

back to the Centre to practise the drill in the event of floods. 

To ensure staff are familiar with emergency procedures, SBS 

Transit conducted three bus disruption exercises at Joo Koon 

Bus Interchange, Changi Business Park 

Terminal and Soon Lee Bus Depot as 

well as two train and two LRT service 

disruption exercises in 2016. It also 

carried out four depot exercises to test 

the response to Chemical, Biological, 

Radiological Explosive (CBRE) threat as 

well as evacuation. 

In China, Guangzhou Xin Tian Wei 

Transportation Development’s Tianhe 

Bus Station carried out a number of 

security exercises such as a terrorist 

attack simulation and fire drills to 

test its staff’s knowledge of the 

evacuation process. 

All public buses in Singapore, Australia and the UK, with 

the exception of Ireland, are equipped with call out buttons 

that allow our bus drivers to speak to the Operations Control 

Centre when there are emergencies. Similarly, our taxis in 

Singapore, Western Australia, China and the UK come with 

distress buttons that taxi drivers can activate whenever 

they require emergency help. These distress buttons when 

activated allow our call centre agents to listen in and to 

activate emergency assistance, if needed. 

Training, Protective Equipment &amp; 

Preventive Measures

ComfortDelGro constantly puts a high emphasis on training 

to safeguard and improve safety standards, both at the 

workplace and for our passengers. We also ensure that all 

staff are adequately protected with the proper protective gear 

depending on their vocation. 

At SBS Transit, all new Bus Captains (BCs) undergoing basic 

training are schooled in safe and defensive driving. Training 

is intensive and spans between 31 and 52 days. Besides 

theory lessons, new BCs undergo practical training and have 

to successfully pass the Class 4A driving test stringently 

administered by the Traffic Police before they are qualified to 

drive a bus. Upon completion of their training, BCs are then 

All public buses 

in Singapore, 

Australia and 

the UK, with 

the exception 

of Ireland, are 

equipped with

call out 

buttons

HEALTH &amp; SAFETY

comfortdelgro corporation limited

18


paired with Service Mentors, who would accompany them on 

their trips and share with them practical safety tips. 

Experienced BCs are also sent for regular refresher training 

courses aimed at enhancing their safe driving skills. BCs are 

also regularly briefed and reminded to observe safe driving 

habits through case studies which involve actual accidents. 

Pedestrian Drills, Junction Drills and Bus Stop Drills are 

continually drummed into them to inculcate the importance 

of road safety. Random spot checks are conducted to ensure 

BCs religiously comply with these safety drills. 

As testament to its continuous commitment to safety, 

Metroline became a member of CIRAS – the Confidential 

Incident Reporting and Analysis System. Through CIRAS, 

health and safety concerns can be captured internally and 

investigated successfully. Its managers, supervisors and 

engineers were also put through six safety courses over 

two-and-a-half days by the Institute of Occupational Safety 

and Health. Fire warden training, which is a part of regulatory 

requirement, and spill control training for staff of all shifts and 

at all depots, are also provided. In October 2016, Metroline 

created the Transport Safety Champion 

of the Year Award to incentivise its bus 

drivers to champion the importance 

of driving safely. It plans to conduct 

behavioural safety and engineering safety 

training in early-2017. 

In NSW, CDC communicates customer 

service and safety messages to its bus 

drivers at its depots using diamond-

shaped signs. These were first developed 

and launched by Hillsbus in 2013, but 

can now be seen at depots of Hunter 

Valley Buses, Blue Mountains Transit and 

QCity Transit in Canberra. In 2016, CDC 

also introduced the accident scorecard 

system to ensure that investigative 

methods are consistent. Bus marshals were also put through 

rear door loading safety training to ensure they are able to 

assist passengers safely. 

In Victoria, Executive Management and Service Delivery 

Managers attended a Safety Management Course for Bus 

Operators at the Monash University to learn how to better 

manage safety and risk issues during operations. That was not 

all. Security screens were fitted in about 70 buses to protect 

bus drivers from unruly passengers. 

As for our rail business, SBS Transit has installed gap fillers on 

25 of its first-generation trains on the NEL. This has effectively 

reduced the gap between the trains and the station’s 

platforms by half, from 10cm to 5cm, thereby reducing the risk 

of commuters’ feet getting accidentally caught in the gap. 

In all our taxi operations worldwide, stringent screening of 

new taxi drivers, including going through their past safety 

records, is conducted before any agreement is inked. New taxi 

drivers have to go through an induction briefing, comprising 

basic service training and a module on defensive driving. 

To incentivise taxi drivers to maintain an accident-free record, 

ComfortDelGro Taxi rewarded its taxi drivers with No Claim 

Bonuses. Taxi drivers who maintained accident-free records 

for four consecutive years would not have to pay their share 

of repairs should they unfortunately meet with one after that. 

Drivers who are deemed to be accident-prone are sent for 

defensive driving courses at ComfortDelGro Driving Centre. 

Upon completion of the defensive driving course, taxi drivers’ 

accidents records are monitored for the next six months. 

Those involved in yet another accident within the six-month 

period had their service contracts revoked. 

In China, taxi companies under the East China Business Unit 

provided training to taxi drivers prior to them being on the 

roads, and also gave accident-prone taxi drivers remedial 

training before they are back on the roads. Others such as 

Beijing Jin Jian Taxi Services not only put accident-prone 

taxi drivers through retraining but also send their taxi drivers 

safety tips via WeChat. During the year, it introduced “Safety 

Awards”, which come with rental exemptions, to incentivise its 

taxi drivers to drive safely and keep accident-free records. 

In Vietnam, ComfortDelGro Savico Taxi taxi drivers attended 

a one-day Traffic Safety and Safe Driving course at the 

Transportation College.

Our driving schools are also strong advocates where safety 

is concerned. 

ComfortDelGro Driving Centre has in place a Circuit 

Observation Programme. In this programme, mandatory 

safety briefings are conducted for all learners. The Chief 

Instructors monitor circuit training 

sessions and look out for lapses in the 

coaching methodology, safety and quality. 

Actions are taken thereafter to correct 

any lapses. The Centre also worked 

closely with the Traffic Police to alter test 

routes that are deemed too dangerous 

for learners. 

In Chengdu, Chengdu ComfortDelGro 

Qing Yang Driving School conducted 

health and safety meetings that were 

attended by Managers and Supervisors 

to raise their awareness towards safety 

issues and to work together to minimise 

risks. Throughout the year, health and safety messages were 

regularly disseminated to staff, especially driving instructors 

and safety officers. Its car rental unit, ComfortDelGro Rent-A- 

Car (Chengdu), conducts bi-monthly safety discussions and 

holds safety meetings twice a month in Chengdu and Nanba.

are issued to 

the employees 

and breaks in 

between jobs 

are planned for

Ear plugs or 

mufflers

were fitted in 

about

in Victoria 

to protect  

bus drivers 

from unruly 

passengers

Security 

screens

70 CDC buses

sustainability report 2016

19


SBS Transit’s bus and rail engineering staff are trained and 

qualified to perform their various jobs in accordance with 

the WSH (Work at Height) regulations, which came into 

effect in May 2014. Similarly, SETSCO staff who have to 

work at heights above three metres are also put through 

safety courses conducted by accredited training providers 

as well as safety orientation and site familiarisation courses 

organised by clients in the construction, shipyard, marine 

and oil/petrochemical sectors. Other courses such as risk 

management and first aid are also conducted for staff both 

in-house and through accredited training providers.

SETSCO employees who are exposed to prolonged noise at 

volumes above 85 decibels may be at risk of noise-induced 

deafness, while those in charge of radiographic testing could 

risk radiation over-exposure. To tackle the former, ear plugs 

or mufflers are issued to employees and breaks in between 

jobs are planned for. These employees are also sent for 

annual medical check-ups, which include hearing tests. In 

the case of radiographic testing, licensed staff are required to 

wear a thermo luminescent dosimeter (TLD) badge, which is 

submitted to the National Environment Agency every month, 

to ensure they are not overly exposed to radiation. Similarly, 

these employees are sent for annual medical check-ups to 

ensure they are given a clean bill of health. 

SETSCO sent its staff to fire safety courses and conducted a 

drivers’ safety and maintenance talk so that its drivers have 

the knowledge when they handle the Company’s vehicles.

VICOM vehicle inspectors, who have to perform visual 

inspection and operate test equipment as part of their 

daily routine, undergo the Technical Knowledge Evaluation 

examination to ensure that they are kept abreast of the latest 

advancement in vehicle technology as well as inspection rules 

and regulations. A Safety Demerit Points System is in place 

to ensure that they comply with safety rules. Recognising 

that both vehicle inspectors and motorists could face the risk 

of slips, trips and falls, as well as accidents, VICOM had all 

inspection lane pit openings painted prominently for better 

visibility. This is in addition to the barriers and warning signs 

that are already in place. Walkways for motorists are also 

painted to clearly demarcate them from inspection areas. 

Preventive Maintenance Checks &amp; 

Vehicle Inspection

Our vehicle fleets in Singapore undergo regular preventive 

maintenance checks. ComfortDelGro taxis are checked once 

a month, while buses are checked once every 45 to 60 days. 

Rental cars undergo six-monthly preventive maintenance 

checks as part of road safety measures. As part of regulatory 

requirement, vehicles that are at least three years old are 

inspected at our vehicle inspection and testing Business 

Unit, VICOM, to ensure they meet safety standards for road-

worthiness, while taxis are inspected half-yearly.

In the UK, our London buses go through inspections as well, 

while our inter- and intra-city coaches are inspected every 

28 days by subcontractors in line with the requirements laid 

by the Department of Transport. Taxi drivers under our radio 

circuit networks conduct daily basic checks of their taxis and 

have them serviced every 6,000 to 8,000 

miles to ensure their roadworthiness. 

Taxis in the UK have to pass a rigorous 

check every year to qualify for a licence 

plate, which is displayed on the back and 

inside of the taxi. Six months later, these 

taxis undergo a test by the Ministry of 

Transport, which will last to the end of the 

year where the licence-plate qualifying 

process starts over again. This test will 

determine the licensed taxi is roadworthy 

and maintained at a high standard. 

Enforcement units conduct random spot 

checks on the road or visit taxi drivers at home to inspect 

the taxis. Taxis that do not meet regulatory requirements are 

issued “stop notes”. This means the taxi driver cannot work 

until the stop note is lifted.

Our Australian buses are maintained once a month in 

accordance with manufacturers’ recommendations. Buses in 

NSW are inspected twice a year, while buses in Victoria are 

inspected once a year. As for taxis, the State Government’s 

Department of Transport requires all taxis to undergo an 

annual inspection as part of the licensing agreement.

Like Singapore, taxis that we operate in China and in Vietnam 

are serviced once a month, and inspected bi-annually.

Technology

At ComfortDelGro, we are always finding new ways to 

leverage on technology to improve the way we do things. 

Safety is no exception.

SBS Transit, a forerunner in this area, puts its BCs through a 

mandatory “Driving Skills Enhancement Programme” to obtain 

an objective assessment of their driving competency with 

areas identified for. This is done using technology based on 

the Vigil Vanguard system, which comprises motion sensors, 

cameras and mapping software. The BCs’ driving behaviour 

is closely reviewed through Vigil’s video recording used to 

help them improve on their areas of weaknesses. Accident-

prone taxi drivers are also sent for defensive driving courses 

conducted by ComfortDelGro Driving Centre, which uses the 

same Vigil Vanguard system. 

HEALTH &amp; SAFETY

Taxis in the 

UK that do not 

meet regulatory 

requirements 

are issued

“stop notes”

comfortdelgro corporation limited

20


ComfortDelGro Taxi collaborated with 

the Traffic Police to trial the MDT alert 

on 3,800-odd taxis for six months. An 

audio and visual alert was triggered 

whenever a taxi was about 500m away 

from a speed trap or red light camera. 

The trial resulted in a drop of 40% in the 

number of speeding offences and a 34% 

reduction in red light offences. As such, 

ComfortDelGro Taxi began rolling out 

the MDT alert to all its taxis from October 

2016 onwards. 

During the year, SBS Transit completed 

the enhancements of its CCTV coverage 

at both its bus and train depots in 2016. 

To better manage and control visitors’ entry into these 

depots, an online electronic visitor management system was 

implemented in April 2016. Work is in progress to roll out this 

system on DTL stations in 2017.

As for surveillance on board our vehicles, nearly all our public 

transport service vehicles in Singapore have CCTVs or in-

vehicle cameras.12 In the UK, Metroline buses are equipped 

with CCTVs. Down Under, all Swan taxis have in-vehicle 

cameras. In all, about 84% of our vehicles there are equipped 

with this capability. 

Country

Percentage of vehicles with 

CCTV or in-vehicle cameras

United Kingdom

100%

Singapore

99%

Australia

84%

In 2015, CDC replaced its analogue communication system 

that was depot-specific and had limited capacity and 

functionality with a digital radio system that allows users 

to communicate using multiple channels. For example, the 

Operations Control Centre could communicate with many 

depots, including those across the states, through customised 

talk channels. Following the successful implementation of the 

digital radio system on board Hunter Valley and Blue Mountain 

Transit bus fleets, the same system was implemented for all 

QCity Transit buses in 2016.

SBS Transit also invested about S$1.5 million into installing 

810 of its buses with Mobileye, a smart camera that is able to 

detect, analyse and monitor road conditions while the vehicle 

is moving and provides real-time audio-visual warning via 

a display unit to the driver. It also trialled Mobileye Shield+, 

which enhances the safety of other road users, especially 

the most vulnerable ones like the cyclists, pedestrians, and 

motorcyclists, when they enter into potential blind spots of our 

buses. Two additional Mobileye cameras 

were placed strategically at the sides of 

buses to provide additional detection for 

BCs. When there is imminent collision 

between the turning bus and these 

vulnerable road users at the side of the 

buses, the system will provide both a 

visual and audio alert to warn the BCs to 

take evasive actions.

SBS Transit also tapped on the Hazard 

Awareness Training and Test system 

(HATT), an interactive video-based 

system that trains BCs to identify both 

potential and developing hazards. These videos are based on 

actual roads that BCs would be familiar with when they drive 

their revenue services. Besides equipping them with the skill 

set to identify hazards, they are also taught how to prevent 

accidents by taking appropriate defensive measures. With the 

ability to identify and take corrective actions, BCs are better 

equipped to provide a safer journey for their commuters. 

Metroline did something similar. It filmed the bus routes that 

its probationary bus drivers practise on, and added animation 

to the footage to help them identify risk areas. 

GoRoute is the other video-based system that enables SBS 

Transit BCs to learn their service routes and safety drills in 

a classroom setting. The videos are based on actual road 

conditions of their respective service routes, including 

indications of special zones such as the school zone and black 

spot areas. With better knowledge of their service routes, its 

BCs can focus more on driving safely.

Our scheduled buses also come with speed limit devices that 

prevent them from accelerating beyond 60kmh. Similarly, the 

Mobile Data Terminal (MDT) in our taxis come with speed 

alerts that automatically prompt our taxi drivers to slow down 

when they have exceeded the speed limit. 

TABLE 4: VEHICLES WITH CCTV OR IN-VEHICLE CAMERAS 

IN THE UK, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA

12 Includes only public transport services (bus and rail), taxis as well as learner driver vehicles.

ComfortDelGro 

Taxi saw a

in the number 

of speeding 

offences 

following the 

six-month MDT 

Alert trial with 

the Traffic Police

40% drop

SBS Transit 

invested about

S$1.5 million

into installing 

810 of its buses 

with Mobileye

sustainability report 2016

21


Community Engagement

While the importance of safe driving cannot be emphasised 

enough, passengers and other road users also have a role to 

play in ensuring that roads remain safe. 

For SBS Transit, commuter safety is enhanced through 

the use of priority seats reserved for elderly passengers, 

physically-disabled, or mothers-to-be. Passengers are 

also reminded to observe safe travelling habits through 

prominently displayed safety posters and messages on 

board buses, trains and stations. These include holding onto 

handrails and stanchion poles, and not running around on 

board buses and trains.

As part of the “Cabtain of RoadSense” campaign launched 

by the Traffic Police and the National Taxi Association on 

20 September 2016, about 300 ComfortDelGro taxis carried 

road safety tips bumper stickers to remind all road users to be 

considerate while they were on the roads. 

The Group, through ComfortDelGro Driving Centre, SBS 

Transit and VICOM, engages the community through several 

road safety talks throughout the year.

To create safety awareness amongst the road users, 

ComfortDelGro Driving Centre actively promoted road safety 

through talks that were conducted to about 10,000 school 

students. It was also the only driving centre to participate in 

the Singapore Bike Show where it conducted safety talks and 

demonstrated safe riding techniques to the public.

Similarly, SBS Transit reached out to 38,628 students in the 

93 school talks and operations visits it conducted. A safety 

campaign was also carried out at a number of stations of 

the NEL and DTL to remind commuters to travel safely 

on escalators.

VICOM holds regular talks for both local and international 

delegates, imparting knowledge on the best practices 

used in keeping Singapore’s roads greener and safer. In 

2016, nine such talks were held with delegates from various 

countries including Japan, Philippines, Niger, Kazakhstan, 

Fiji and more. In total, over 30 hours worth of such sessions 

were conducted. 

To encourage and drive safety awareness amongst drivers 

of heavy goods vehicles (HGVs), VICOM sponsored the 

“Use Your Road Sense” seminar, an initiative pioneered by 

the Traffic Police and Singapore Road Safety Council. The 

initiative included giving out pledge cards on behalf of Traffic 

Police to HGV drivers at VICOM’s inspection centres to 

educate and encourage them to be safer drivers. 

Recognition

ComfortDelGro Engineering, which had obtained its 

BS OHSAS 18001:2007 Occupational Health and Safety 

Management System and BizSafe Star certifications in 2013, 

successfully passed both re-certification audits held at Defu 

and Loyang workshops. 

Moove Media, which was BS OHSAS 18001:2007-certified 

since 2013, successfully renewed its certification in 2016, 

while ComfortDelGro Bus was awarded bizSAFE since 2014.

SETSCO, which is BS OHSAS 18001:2007-certified, has been 

lauded by companies for its continued push towards safety. 

It received the Safety Performance Award by ExxonMobil 

in February 2016 and was recognised by the Petrochemical 

Corporation of Singapore for achieving 35 million hours 

worked without a lost time incident. 

At the Singapore Road Safety Award 2015 that was held 

on 16 December 2016, two SBS Transit BCs and two 

ComfortDelGro taxi drivers were recognised for their safe 

driving. SBS Transit Bus Captains Chung Sing Loong and Yue 

Leong Phang were named Champions in the Safe Driver and 

Most Improved Driver categories respectively; ComfortDelGro 

Cabby Pek Ban Choon was Champion in the Safe Driver – Taxi 

Fleet category, while Cabby Roger Lim received the Merit 

Award in the same category for keeping accident-free records 

for 20 years.

CDC underwent an accredited bus operator safety audit by 

Transport Safety Victoria and achieved a compliance score 

of 95.37%.

In September 2016, our driving centre in Chongqing earned 

four stars for upkeeping its safety standards and reputation as 

a centre that provides quality service.

HEALTH &amp; SAFETY

comfortdelgro corporation limited

22


Annex A: Workplace Safety &amp; Health Committees Across the Group

Country

Business Unit

Workplace 

Safety &amp; 

Health 

Committee

Company 

Emergency 

Response 

Team

Risk 

Management 

Committee

Other 

Safety-related 

Committees

Nil

Singapore

All Business Units with 

the exception of:

√

√

√

ComfortDelGro 

Driving Centre

√

√

√

√

ComfortDelGro Rent-A-Car

√

SBS Transit

√

√

√

Australia

CDC (NSW)

√

√

CDC (VIC)

√

√

Swan Taxis

√

√

√

China

East China

√

√

North China

√

South China

√

√

West China

√

United 

Kingdom &amp; 

Ireland

CityFleet Network

√

√

ComfortDelGro Irish Citylink

√

Metroline

√

Scottish CityLink Coaches

√

Vietnam

ComfortDelGro Savico Taxi

√

Vinataxi

√

Malaysia

CityLimo Leasing (M)

√

sustainability report 2016

23


SUPPLY CHAIN

Our Suppliers

Our suppliers are our partners. Without the goods and 

services they provide, we would not be able to run our 

businesses. Working closely with them, we explore ways to 

increase efficiency and productivity through the procurement 

of supplies and services which help improve our processes 

and grow our business. We are committed to treating our 

suppliers with respect. We pay our bills on time, every time 

and are transparent in all our contracts and negotiations. 

Our Purchases

Energy and direct material and services used for the 

operation and maintenance of our fleets form the majority of 

our purchases.

Percentage of value of purchases by type

2016

Energy

(Eg., Electricity, Diesel)

44%

Direct Material &amp; Services 

(Eg., Automotive parts, Consumables and Vehicle 

Maintenance Services)

30%

Assets

(Eg., Vehicles, IT Hardware, Workshop equipment)

18%

Indirect Material &amp; Services 

(Eg., Facility Management, IT, operating supplies)

8%

About 90% of our spend is with 31 suppliers, of which 30 of 

them have worked with us for more than five years. We have 

long-term contracts of three years or more with 33 suppliers.

Equal Opportunity

We believe in full transparency and according equal treatment 

to all suppliers/would-be suppliers. Our team constantly 

gains market knowledge and encourages participation from 

industry players. In 2016, at least 100 companies participated 

in our tenders for the first time.

Businesses have an equal opportunity to submit their bids for 

any contract through our sourcing platform which has built-in 

functions to safeguard the confidentiality of submitted bids.

Specifications are written in to allow bidders the freedom to 

best meet the contract requirement and to foster supplier 

interest and encourage innovation.

75%

of the Procurement Category team 

underwent training on “Procurement 

Fraud Prevention &amp; Detection”

Supplier Selection

We select our suppliers based on multiple criteria, including 

but not limited to the supplier’s technical capabilities, service 

quality, supply assurance, environmental responsibility, 

safety records, financial stability and cost competitiveness. 

A structured decision matrix approach is used with assigned 

weightage that reflects the relative importance of each 

selection criteria.

All recommendations for award are approved in accordance 

to the financial authority limits delegated by the Board.

Risks Identification and Mitigation

Fraud and Corruption Risk

All officers administering and approving contracts in which 

they or their close relatives have significant interests are 

required to declare and disqualify themselves from handling 

these contracts. Staff in the Procurement and Purchasing 

team sign a declaration on conflict of interest annually. 

In 2016, 75% of the Procurement Category team underwent 

training on “Procurement Fraud Prevention &amp; Detection”. The 

workshop equips our staff to be able to implement effective 

internal controls within the procurement process, and 

also to acquire skills and techniques to prevent and detect 

procurement fraud.

Objective of the “Procurement Fraud 

Prevention &amp; Detection” Workshop

Delivered by Management Development 

Institute of Singapore (MDIS)

•	

Gain	a	thorough	understanding	of	the	vulnerability	of	

the procurement function to fraudulent activities

•	

Understand	consequences	of	procurement	fraud	to	

prepare for adverse circumstances

•	

Explore	different	kinds	of	procurement	fraud	and	how	

they can occur

•	

Recognise	the	red	flags	of	procurement	fraud

•	

Learn	about	effective	deterrent,	preventive	and	

detective measures to help reduce the occurrence of 

procurement fraud

•	

Find	out	about	the	four-step	process	to	proactive	

procurement fraud prevention

33 suppliers

We have

long-term contracts

of three years or more with

comfortdelgro corporation limited

24


About 70% of the contracts by value are established through 

competitive sourcing exercises, including 38% through 

public tenders.

Supply Risk

For key purchase categories, the award strategy often 

includes multiple suppliers from different geographical 

locations. Where multiple suppliers are not feasible due to 

various reasons, the Business Continuity Plan of the sole 

supplier is scrutinised and assessed.

Legal Risk

More than 95% of our contracts with suppliers apply one 

of our four Standard Terms &amp; Conditions. These contracts 

contain insurance and limitations of liability clauses. Where 

supplier’s contracts are used, we engage our lawyers to vet 

through the terms to ensure that they are fair and reasonable.

Price Risk

Where product prices are driven by the volatile commodity 

prices, an indexed formula is used. This allows our Treasury 

Department to mitigate cost fluctuation through hedging.

Environmental, Health and Safety Risk

Depending on the nature of purchases, safety rules 

detailing Environmental, Health and Safety requirements 

are included in tender documents. Suppliers are required to 

undertake to comply with the rules. For complex projects, 

suppliers are required to complete a risk assessment before 

commencing work.

Supplier Performance Management

We ensure that our suppliers’ performance meets the 

expectations defined in the contract and against market 

norms through our Supplier Performance Management 

exercise. Our key suppliers undergo regular appraisals to 

ensure costs are kept in check, service standards are kept 

high and risks are mitigated. The ultimate intent is to identify 

potential issues and their root causes so that they can be 

resolved as quickly as possible.

In 2016, 20 strategic suppliers* across eight key categories 

were assessed on five pillars: Procurement, Quality, Logistics, 

Technology and Supply Security. 

We highlight areas of strengths and weaknesses to the 

suppliers and follow up with action plans to improve poor 

performance. Five suppliers scored very well and have been 

put on our preferred suppliers list for future contracts. 

Our Plans for 2017

•	

Establish and deploy Supplier Code of Conduct. We intend 

to embed the Code in our tender documents.

•	

Launch Tender Portal for Suppliers to self-register and 

provide us with information about their companies, 

experience, track records and compliance to international 

standards. This system enables us to review these 

aspects of the suppliers and to facilitate the tender 

evaluation process.

Supplier Assessment

Procurement (30%)

Assessed by Procurement

Quality (25%)

Assessed by Contract Owner

Technology (10%)

Assessed by Contract Owner

Logistics (25%)

Assessed by Supplies &amp; Logistics

Supply Security (10%)

Assessed by Finance &amp; Supplier

Overview of the Scoring System

* Data available for Singapore only.

sustainability report 2016

25


OUR STAKEHOLDERS AND PARTNERS

ComfortDelGro is guided by the 

principle of creating sustainable 

value for its Stakeholders – be they 

Customers, Shareholders, Employees, 

Partners or Regulators. [G4-24]

Key Stakeholders are identified as part 

of the Risk Management process, based 

on the extent in which they can affect 

or are affected by the operations of 

the Group. [G4-25]

Given the significant roles they 

play, ComfortDelGro reaches out 

actively to key Stakeholders through 

various channels. 

Customers

Good customer service is a 

fundamental aspect of our business. 

In fostering a customer-centric 

culture, a “customer first” mindset 

permeates through the Group and a 

robust customer engagement process 

is adopted. 

To this end, employees are equipped 

with the necessary skills and knowledge 

to provide customers with a best-in-

class experience. Courses that are 

conducted include technical training 

courses like “Apply Workplace Safety 

&amp; Health” and “Perform Maintenance 

in Electrical and Electronic System” 

as well as service-centric training 

like “Demonstrate the Service 

Vision” and “Manage a Diverse 

Service Environment”.

170 reports

More than

on the Company and the industry 

were published during the year

Merit Award for 

Corporate Governance

At the 17th Securities Investors Association 

Singapore (SIAS) Investors’ Choice Awards 2016, 

VICOM won the

in the Big Cap category

Frontline staff in all our businesses 

actively engage customers through 

various means including outreach 

programmes where potential and 

existing customers are invited to 

visit our operations once every few 

months. We also reach out to our 

customers through information 

counters, hotlines, as well as monthly 

Meet- the- Managers sessions. 

Customers are encouraged to send 

us their feedback through customer 

questionnaires, online feedback forms 

or via our service hotlines. Other than 

product and service enquiries, the key 

areas of concern amongst Customers 

are safety, accessibility and the overall 

service experience. 

Shareholders

We are committed to disseminating 

accurate and pertinent information to 

the marketplace in a timely manner as 

part of good Corporate Governance.

Our Investor Relations (IR) programme 

balances regular, effective and fair 

communications with Shareholders 

and the investment community 

with commercial sensitivities. The 

IR team works closely with Senior 

Management to proactively carry out 

this engagement programme.

During the year, the IR team met more 

than 350 groups of investors, analysts 

and equity sales personnel over more 

than 200 meetings. The team also 

addressed queries from investors 

through emails, telephone calls and the 

online form.

Besides face-to-face office meetings 

and conference calls, we also 

participated in seven investor 

conferences and non-deal road shows 

in Singapore, Kuala Lumpur, Taipei, 

Hong Kong, London and Edinburgh. 

These platforms provide direct access 

to a wide cross-section of existing and 

new investors from around the world.

We organised face-to-face briefings for 

the media and sell-side analysts for the 

full-year results and conducted dial-in 

conference calls with sell-side analysts 

for the other quarterly results. Three 

post-results luncheons were organised 

where we met fund managers based 

in Singapore.

ComfortDelGro attracts active research 

coverage from sell-side analysts and 

the stock is now covered by 16 local 

and international research houses. 

More than 170 reports on the Company 

and the industry were published 

during the year. The IR team has 

regular interactions with the analysts 

to ensure a thorough understanding of 

our business models and strategies, 

operations and financial performance 

and growth opportunities.

Shareholders have the opportunity 

to interact with the Board and Senior 

Management at our Annual General 

Meeting. Voting is by way of electronic 

polling for greater transparency in the 

voting process and the detailed results 

are announced immediately at the 

Meeting and subsequently released to 

the Singapore Exchange (SGX). 









































































































































































































































































































BOOK NOW

comfortdelgro corporation limited

26


All material announcements are posted 

in the IR section of the corporate 

website to ensure equal and timely 

access to information.

At the 17th Securities Investors 

Association Singapore (SIAS) 

Investors’ Choice Awards 2016 held on 

30 September 2016, VICOM won the 

Merit Award for Corporate Governance 

in the Big Cap category. 

Employees

With a global workforce of over 

22,000, employee engagement is a 

critical aspect of our human resource 

management. Talent management 

and succession planning rank high on 

ComfortDelGro’s priority list. 

Through regular employee engagement 

programmes including seminars, 

training courses, quarterly newsletters 

and weekly dialogue sessions, we are 

able to encourage critical thinking and 

innovation, build team spirit and groom 

the next generation of leaders. 

Managers are empowered and 

encouraged to hold regular feedback 

sessions with their subordinates. The 

annual appraisal performance session 

serves as a platform for employees 

to discuss their work performance 

and map out their career progression. 

Common issues raised by employees 

include training and remuneration. 

More information can be found on 

pages 28 to 35. 

Partners and Suppliers 

We work closely with our partners 

and suppliers to ensure the smooth 

delivery of our services. We recognise 

our dependency on the timely delivery 

of key parts and components and the 

quality of our subcontractors. This is 

a key risk which we have identified 

and which we manage diligently. 

We also have in place detailed Risk 

Management contingency plans where 

needed. More information can be found 

on pages 39 to 42.

As a responsible corporate citizen, 

we also strongly believe in ensuring 

compliance in all our operations and 

businesses. We do not condone 

any corrupt practices or anti-

competitive behaviour. We have a strict 

procurement policy which, among other 

things, conducts supplier assessment 

to ensure there is no adverse impact 

on society. Among other things, 

suppliers are required to have strict 

environmental policies, adopt fair 

employment practices, have clear 

health and safety policies, and adhere to 

strict anti-corruption policies.

Regulators

ComfortDelGro is firmly committed 

to complying with all legal and 

regulatory requirements.

As the provision of public land transport 

services is highly regulated, the Group, 

through our various Business Units, 

holds regular weekly dialogue sessions 

with the various regulators including the 

Land Transport Authority, the SGX, the 

National Environment Agency and the 

Ministry of Manpower.

A range of topics are discussed at such 

meetings, including unfolding trends, 

new technologies, safety, competition, 

environmental and accessibility issues. 

Where Regulators seek consultation 

in reviewing existing and emerging 

policies, we are responsive and strive to 

provide constructive feedback.  

[G4-26, G4-27]

sustainability report 2016

27


OUR PEOPLE







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Our people are undoubtedly our most valued assets. Without 

them, we would not be where we are today. Indeed, we 

strongly subscribe to the view that a happy and motivated 

workforce will ultimately translate into satisfied customers. In 

the long run, this can only result in growth for the organisation. 

To this end, we provide equal opportunities to our staff, 

invest in comprehensive training to develop them to their 

maximum potential and engage them actively in what we 

do. Significantly, as an employer, we ensure that all terms 

and conditions of employment, along with policies and 

procedures, comply with relevant regulations. 

In 2016, the Group employed

22,048 staff 

We have a

Diverse group of nationalities

in our workforce

Our people are guided by the common Vision which is “To be 

the world’s land transport operator of choice”. Our Vision, 

Mission, Strategies and Core Values are carved on huge metal 

plaques and prominently displayed in the lobby to constantly 

guide our employees on what we stand for from the moment 

they step through our doors – literally. Posters are also placed 

around the offices, in the lifts and in publications to serve as 

constant reminders of our corporate aspiration and how we 

must never sway from our core values of honesty, integrity 

and ethics.

comfortdelgro corporation limited

28


OUR CORE VALUES

OUR STRATEGIES FOR SUCCESS

Results Orientation

We will:

•	

Set challenging goals

•	

Focus on results

•	

Identify and solve problems

•	

Have a sense of urgency 

and ownership

Integrity and Ethics 

We will:

•	

Conduct our affairs in a 

manner consistent with 

the highest ethical and 

professional standards

•	

Engage in fair and honest 

business practices

•	

Show respect for each 

other, our customers, 

business partners, suppliers, 

shareholders, the authorities 

and the communities 

we operate in

•	

Communicate in a factual, 

honest and prompt manner

•	

Be open and transparent in 

our dealings

•	

Exhibit strong environmental 

stewardship

Look Beyond the Horizon

•	

Innovate and be receptive to 

new ideas and opportunities

•	

Solve problems in a prompt 

and effective manner

•	

Anticipate and 

embrace change

 

Commitment

We will:

•	

Anticipate our customers’ 

needs and constantly upgrade 

ourselves to provide them with 

outstanding service

•	

Foster an environment of trust 

by engaging the communities 

we serve

•	

Reward our shareholders 

by delivering steady and 

sustainable results through 

growth in our businesses

•	

Care for our staff by providing 

a challenging environment 

with ample opportunities for 

growth and development. Build 

on staff capabilities through 

effective recruitment, training 

and career planning so as to 

develop their full potential. 

Promote teamwork, initiative 

and creativity

•	

Stay committed to the 

authorities by complying with 

regulatory requirements

Grow Our Talent Base

•	

Set the performance bar above 

industry norms

•	

Give credit where credit is due

•	

Reward equitably

Do the Right Things – Right

•	

Never take our eyes off the ball

•	

Deploy people and assets for 

value enhancement

•	

Admit and learn from mistakes

sustainability report 2016

29


OUR PEOPLE

Diversity With Equal Opportunities 

At ComfortDelGro, we believe that diversity in the workplace 

is fundamental to growth and professional development. 

It benefits not just the individual, but the company as well, 

exposing the individual to different ideas, skills, views and 

attitudes. A diversified workforce – whether in terms of 

gender, race or nationality – also means we access the widest 

talent pools. 

In 2016, the Group employed 22,048 staff – about 1.1% 

less than the previous year. In Singapore, we had 12,287 

permanent employees while our offices in the United Kingdom 

(UK) employed 5,935 staff. In Australia, we had 2,289 people, 

followed by China with 1,276, Vietnam with 205, Malaysia with 

42 and Ireland with 14. 

As a global group with operations in seven countries, we 

have a broad mix of nationalities among our staff, with 

Singaporeans accounting for 28%. The major nationalities 

include Malaysians at 21%, British at 14%, Australians at 10% 

and Chinese at 10%. 

We have an all-inclusive work culture, with people of different 

ages, ethnicity and gender working together in harmony. 

Given that heavy vehicles have traditionally been driven by 

men, about 86% of our employees are males. The proportion 

of females has been increasing over the years. 

Our workforce also reflects the diversity of the communities 

we operate in, helping us to better serve our customers. For 

instance, in Singapore, the composition of our employees’ 

ethnicity closely mirrors that of the local population’s 

workforce profile – 72% of our staff are Chinese compared to 

74% in the population; 15% are Malays versus 13.3% nationally 

and 10% are Indians versus 9.2% locally. Operating in a multi-

cultural country, we respect and celebrate ethnic diversity. 

For example, on the eve of Hari Raya Puasa, which is a major 

Islamic festival, our Muslim employees enjoy early release 

from work to prepare for their celebrations. This practice is 

also observed for the other major festivals of the different 

ethnic groups. 

With diversity in our workforce, it is essential that we also 

offer equal opportunities for our employees to grow. In this 

regard, ComfortDelGro is guided by strict human rights and 

labour practices. In all that we do, we abide by the basic 

tenet of respecting, protecting and fulfilling human rights 

and fundamental freedoms. We ensure that employees are 

selected based on merit and competency.

We implement our guiding principles in a non-discriminatory 

manner, paying particular attention to the rights and needs 

of, as well as the challenges faced by individuals within our 

Group who may be at heightened risk of becoming vulnerable 

or marginalised. We believe that regardless of age, sex, 

marital status, sexual orientation, disability, race, colour, 

nationality, ethnic or national origin, religion, or affiliation to 

any political party or trade union, all our staff should be treated 

equitably and given fair opportunities to grow and develop in 

accordance to their levels of competence. 

We believe that with a fair, supportive and inclusive workplace, 

our people will be able to perform to their full potential. In 

Singapore, for example, we have pledged our commitment 

to adhere to fair employment practices and are a member of 

the Tripartite Alliance for Fair and Progressive Employment 

Practices (TAFEP), a national agency that is helmed by 

Singapore National Employers Federation and the National 

Trades Union Congress. We adhere to the five key principles 

of fair employment practices – recruiting and selecting 

employees on the basis of merit, treating them fairly and with 

respect, providing them with equal opportunities for training 

and development, rewarding them based on their ability, 

performance, and contribution and abiding by labour laws and 

the Tripartite Guidelines.

In employee recruitment, our advertisements do not state 

age, race, gender or religion as preferences or requirements. 

At the interviews, applicants are not required to state their 

race, religion and marital status as they are assessed on 

competency and suitability.

As an equal opportunity employer, we also do not discriminate 

against any employee on the basis of age. Our people are 

as young as under 30 and as matured as over 67, working 

together and learning from each other. While we value the 

young for the spark and ingenuity they bring to the workplace, 

older workers have, and continue to be, a valued part of our 

workforce too. They tend to be mature, reliable and bring 

a wealth of experience with them. In fact, in September 

2016, a Metroline staff retired after 53 years of serving 

London’s buses.

In 2016, on a global level, 14.3% of our workforce were at least 

60 years old while 13.8% were under 30 years old. Those 

between 40 and 50 years old were the majority, comprising 

25.9% of our staff strength. About one in every four staff was 

between 30 and 40 years old followed by those aged between 

50 and 60. 

In Singapore, our retirement age is 67 years old – five years 

more than the legislated 62 years old. Employees can opt for 

retirement at 62 or continue until they are 67. Although it is 

permissible by law to reduce their pay once they reach the 

legislated retirement age, our older employees continue to 

enjoy the same benefits and compensation as they had before 

if they continue to work in the same job. Those who retire at 

67 but are assessed to be still medically fit and are willing 

to continue working are offered term contracts, subject to 

availability of such positions.

We strongly subscribe to zero tolerance for discrimination 

at the workplace. There was no report of any discrimination 

lodged against the Company in 2016.

comfortdelgro corporation limited

30


OUR PEOPLE AT A GLANCE

ComfortDelGro Corporation’s Board of Directors by Gender

(Please refer to page 56 in the Annual Report for the Board’s composition.)

Employees by Gender 

Executives and Above by Gender 

Employees by Category

Non-executives by Gender 

Total: 8

Female

Male

87.5%

12.5%

13.7%

25%

11%

9%

86.3%

75%

89%

91%

Total: 

22,048

Total: 

1,984

Total: 

20,064

Female

Female

Females

Executives 

and above

Male

Male

Male

Non-

executives

(3,023)

(1,984)

(19,025)

(20,064)

Total: 

22,048

sustainability report 2016

31


OUR PEOPLE

Employees by Age 

Total 

22,048

OUR PEOPLE AT A GLANCE

Employees by Gender 

under 50 years old

Employees by Gender 

over 50 years old

Female

Female

Male

Male

87%

89%

13%

11%

Total: 14,073

Total: 7,975

13.8%

14.3%

24.2%

21.9%

25.9%

Under 30 years

60 years 

and above

30–39 years

50–59 years

40–49 years

comfortdelgro corporation limited

32


Employee Engagement

We believe that engaged employees are motivated to do 

better. For this reason, ComfortDelGro actively engages its 

employees through various platforms and avenues.

Employee Satisfaction Surveys are conducted once every 

two to three years. These are conducted in-house by the 

different Business Units (BUs) and the identities of employees 

remain anonymous to encourage honest feedback. The most 

recent survey was conducted in 2016 involving our staff from 

ComfortDelGro Taxi. The findings indicated that 94.0% of 

respondents were happy working in the unit, up from 89.0% in 

2013. In fact, HR Asia, a reputed publication for Human Resource 

professionals, conducted on-ground surveys with employees 

from 160 companies and ComfortDelGro Taxi emerged as one 

of the 20 best companies to work for in Asia in 2016!

At the start of every year, at our Corporate HQ, our Chairman 

and Managing Director/Group Chief Executive Officer (MD/

Group CEO) meet Senior Management at a breakfast meeting 

where they lay out the challenges that are expected in the 

months ahead. Action plans and strategies are also discussed 

at this annual meeting which is also attended by the Heads of 

the overseas BUs, where possible. 

In February 2016, the Group organised a brainstorming 

session involving Senior Management from across our BUs 

around the world to examine the challenges and re-examine 

mid and long-term strategies to remain competitive in our 

changing business environments. A two-day customer-centric 

initiatives workshop was also conducted for Management to 

enhance the service leadership mindset, service agility and 

customer experience in our respective BUs. 

On a regular basis, briefing sessions 

are organised by Management to share 

information and align business goals 

and objectives with employees. New 

hires attend an induction programme 

to orientate them to our culture, values 

and businesses. 

At the operational level, employees attend 

meetings and briefings on a regular basis. 

These are complemented by workshops, 

seminars and conferences. The frequency 

varies depending on the need. For 

instance, Bus Captains in Singapore’s SBS 

Transit attend briefing sessions on safety 

and customer service once a month at the various interchanges 

and depots. Our technicians at the various workshops operated 

by ComfortDelGro Engineering in Singapore also attend the 

daily “toolbox” sessions conducted by their supervisors to be 

updated on the work schedules of the day. Citylimo Leasing 

in Malaysia holds employee communication sessions to allow 

Senior Management to communicate and interact with staff. 

At these sessions, information on the unit’s performance, key 

business focus and directions are shared with staff. Employees 

are encouraged to ask questions at such sessions. 

On information related to human resource matters such as 

terms and conditions of employment, policies and benefits, 

these are available in the Employee Handbook which is given 

to all staff on their first day of work. They are also available on 

the Group’s corporate intranet. 

Besides dialogues and sharing of information, we also believe 

in recognising staff for their contributions. Long Service 

Awards are presented to staff in recognition of their faithful 

years of service to the Company. For example, our Bus and 

Taxi BUs in Australia hand out awards to staff who have 

served for between five and 35 years while in Singapore, we 

do so for those with at least 15 years of service. These awards 

are given at five-year intervals. 

Apart from this, employees who had provided quality service 

to customers received recognition for their good efforts. 

Internal awards included the Employee of the Month and 

CEO commendation awards which were held either on a 

quarterly or annual basis by the different BUs. At Swan Taxis 

in Australia, 32 drivers were recognised for going the extra 

mile for their passengers in the Star Drivers Scheme. Nanning 

Comfort Transportation in China organised two incentive 

trips to Xiamen (China) and Hong Kong to reward its best 

performing taxi drivers for a job well done. 

Our employees also received prestigious external awards 

for their outstanding contributions. Leading the way was 

ComfortDelGro’s MD/Group CEO, Mr Kua Hong Pak, 

who was conferred the Public Service Star (Bar) [Bintang 

Bakti Masyarakat (Lintang)] during the 2016 National Day 

Awards. The CEO from our South China BU, Mr Marc Tay, 

was recognised for the second time as Guangzhou 

City’s Outstanding Manager for Customer Satisfaction. 

Mr Jim Glasson, our CEO of ComfortDelGro Cabcharge 

who has since retired, was conferred the “Outstanding 

Contribution to the Bus Industry” award in October 2016 

at the BusNSW Industry Awards while the General 

Manager of SETSCO, Mr Sze Thiam Siong, received the 

Distinguished Partner Award from SPRING Singapore for his 

outstanding contributions to raising Singapore’s quality and 

standards profile. 

Awards were not just confined to Management staff. Four 

of SBS Transit’s frontline staff clinched the Land Transport 

Excellence Award for Outstanding Customer Service, a bus 

driver from Metroline won Silver in the London Bus Driver of 

the Year award at the UK Bus Awards and another bus driver 

from ComfortDelGro Cabcharge in New South Wales won 

the Bus Driver of the Year award in the rural and regional 

category. Other awards received include the National 

Kindness Award – Transport Gold where more than 230 

ComfortDelGro staff in Singapore were recognised by the 

Second Minister of Transport at the awards ceremony. 

On a global level, ComfortDelGro also recognises employees 

who go beyond their call of duty to carry out their jobs. It has 

been conferring the annual Passion! Award on deserving 

employees since 2008 with past winners coming from the 

are presented 

to staff in 

recognition of 

their faithful 

years of service 

to the Company

Long Service 

Awards

sustainability report 2016

33


UK, Australia, China and Singapore. The winner is flown into 

Singapore for the presentation of the award and also given 

an all expenses paid trip to Singapore or one of the other six 

countries we operate in – depending on where the winner 

hails from. In 2016, a senior technical officer from SBS Transit 

won the award and he and his wife received a free holiday to 

Australia as the prize. 

When it comes to corporate awards, Management 

celebrates the achievement with staff to acknowledge their 

contributions. For instance, the management of Metroline, 

which was awarded the “Bus Operator of the Year” at the 

London Transport Awards, hosted a barbeque for all staff at 

its garages.

More than just work, we also seek to create a positive 

environment for our people where they can have fun 

and de-stress. Monthly birthday celebrations, Christmas 

parties, annual Dinner and Dance, 

department lunches, movie screenings 

and excursions to places of interest are 

some of the activities organised. These 

activities also serve to foster friendships 

and closer ties among colleagues and 

facilitate better working relationships. 

We believe that having healthy 

employees is important to our 

productivity. Hence, we actively promote 

a healthy lifestyle through lunch talks, 

bowling competitions, cross-country 

runs, yoga and zumba sessions as well 

as weekly brisk walking and jogging sessions. During the 

National Day Observance Ceremony in August 2016, a mass 

workout was organised at our corporate HQ in Singapore. 

With 1,220 staff and taxi drivers participating in this, we 

broke the Singapore Book of Records for having the “Most 

Number of People Exercising with Resistance Bands”. 

Employees from our China BU that operates the Tianhe Bus 

Station in Guangzhou organised its inaugural Sports Day in 

December 2016 for staff and their families to not only exercise 

but also build camaraderie and teamwork. 

In Singapore, SBS Transit has also gone a step further by 

working with the Health Promotion Board (HPB) and the 

Transport Union to conduct voluntary employee health 

screenings. Participants also receive coaching on how to eat 

and live better where their progress is tracked to encourage 

positive change. Operators of the staff canteens also chip 

in by offering healthier food options. This health screening 

and intervention programme is also extended to drivers of 

ComfortDelGro Taxi although they are not our employees.

We also believe that staff welfare is an important aspect of 

employee engagement. For instance, during the hot summer 

days in China where temperatures can hit up to 40 degrees 

Celsius, staff at the Tianhe Bus Station were given iced drinks 

to cool down. Employees were also taught how to prevent 

heatstroke and treat those who may suffer from it. At SBS 

Transit, meals were provided to staff such as Bus Captains 

who work during the Chinese New Year holidays. Over in 

Australia’s ComfortDelGro Cabcharge, influenza vaccinations 

were provided as an employee benefit. 

Caring for our employees also extends to their family 

members. Bursary awards and scholarships are presented 

to the children of our staff who are in primary school up to 

university level. Besides children of SBS Transit employees, 

this scheme is also offered to those of our taxi drivers 

from ComfortDelGro Taxi. For 2016, 1,574 children of our 

employees from these two BUs received over S$338,000 in 

study awards to encourage them to continue in their studies. 

This sum is an increase of 86% compared to 2015. 

In Singapore, ComfortDelGro Taxi also launched a “Cabby 

Hardship Fund” to help taxi drivers should they face financial 

difficulties due to death, incapacity or serious chronic medical 

conditions. This is despite the fact that the taxi drivers are 

not our employees but are customers who hire their vehicles 

from us. The BU donated 50 cents for every booking job that 

taxi drivers completed on Christmas day and together with 

donations from staff, over S$50,000 have been raised so far. 

Labour-Management Relations 

ComfortDelGro believes in developing and sustaining a 

harmonious tripartite labour-management relationship. 

In fact, labour relations is a key function of daily life in 

the organisation. 

In Singapore, for example, bargainable employees are 

represented by the National Transport Workers’ Union 

(NTWU) which is affiliated to the National Trades Union 

Congress (NTUC) – a national confederation of trade unions. 

About 73% of our staff in Singapore are covered by Collective 

Agreements. Executives can also opt to join the Union which 

can now make limited representations on their behalf. 

Working hand-in-hand in the spirit of mutual respect and trust, 

Management and Union constantly collaborate to improve 

the welfare and well-being of employees. To ensure that 

communication channels are always kept open, employees 

are elected and appointed union representatives by union 

members to provide the crucial link between Management 

and Union. 

In March 2016, our Management team was invited to join the 

Union and the transport authorities at their Tripartite Retreat 

in Chiang Mai, Thailand. Two months later, we organised a 

team-building event in Desaru, Malaysia which involved the 

Union and our Management staff to forge stronger Labour-

Management relations.

Our Collective Agreements with the Union are renewed once 

every three years. When there are major changes to working 

conditions due to operational requirements, the changes to 

be effected are always first discussed with the Union. It is 

OUR PEOPLE

ComfortDelGro 

Taxi emerged as

one of the 

20 best 

companies

to work for in 

Asia in 2016

comfortdelgro corporation limited

34


only when an agreement or a consensus is reached that the 

changes are announced for implementation. A reasonable 

time frame of between one and three months’ notice is 

typically given to the affected staff and are communicated 

officially in writing through letters, circulars or emails. Briefing 

sessions are organised to communicate any changes 

where needed.

For promoting good labour-union-management relations, 

SBS Transit CEO was conferred the Medal of Commendation 

by the NTUC in May 2016. Our Singapore BUs were also 

recognised by the Union for their contributions made in 2016 

to improve staff well-being and welfare. The awards received 

in 2016 were:

•	

NTUC Partnership Award to ComfortDelGro for building 

an ageless workplace;

•	

NTUC Partnership Award to SBS Transit for its outstanding 

support to the Public Transport Tripartite Committee; 

•	

NTUC Partnership Award to ComfortDelGro Taxi for its 

outstanding support to help taxi drivers inculcate the habit 

of saving for their future medical needs with the Company 

matching the dollar-for-dollar contributions; 

•	

Plaque of Commendation to ComfortDelGro Engineering 

for raising workers’ skills and employability; and

•	

U Safe Sparks Award to SBS Transit for its strong 

commitment towards enhancing the health of its people.

Vietnam Taxi also received the “Commendation of Typical 

Enterprise Owners” award given by the Ho Chi Minh City’s 

Export Processing Zones and Industrial Parks Trade Union 

and Ho Chi Minh City Trade Union Federation for fostering 

good labour-management relations. 

Training And Talent Development 

ComfortDelGro invests continually in its employees to develop 

their skills and talent. We ensure that employees understand 

their responsibilities and are given access to necessary 

training to equip them to do their jobs better.

For non-executive staff, training is structured to cater to 

operational needs where the subjects cover technical 

aspects, regulatory and safety and soft skills. These 

include Class 4 and 5 driving, defensive driving, preventive 

maintenance, report writing and customer service training. 

Besides this, our employees participate 

in training organised by the industry or 

regulator. In the UK, Metroline supports 

“Hello London”, a new interactive 

customer experience training for bus 

drivers across London in partnership with 

Transport for London. In Singapore, our 

Bus Captains at SBS Transit also attend 

foundational training at the Singapore 

Bus Academy, which was set up as part 

of the national manpower plan for the 

bus sector. 

Executive staff attend training sessions which are aimed 

at enhancing their functional knowledge as well as skills 

in finance, decision-making, leadership and people 

management. They also attend training to implement 

regulatory and key management programmes such as 

Occupational Health and Safety, Business Continuity 

Planning and Enterprise Risk Management. For instance, 

executives in ComfortDelGro Cabcharge in Victoria, Australia, 

attended anti-bullying and anti-harassment training while 

the department heads in Vietnam Taxi attended a course on 

“Management skills for Middle Managers”. 

We also sponsored employees for training in specialised 

areas. For example, SBS Transit sponsored 16 employees 

to undertake a part-time two-and-a-half year diploma 

programme in rail engineering to help raise their skills levels. 

In 2016, our employees in Singapore averaged 48 hours of 

training. This compares favourably to the national average 

of 39.2 hours of training per adult. Male employees clocked 

in 50 hours of training while female employees attended 

31 hours of training on average. For executive level staff, they 

received on average 8.6 hours of training with male executives 

attending 7.9 hours and female executives 9.4 hours. On the 

other hand, non-executive level staff averaged 45 hours of 

training with males attending 51 hours and females 37 hours. 

All employees receive performance and career development 

reviews at least once a year. We practise an open system 

in our employee appraisals where the supervisor conducts 

a one-to-one review with the staff based on his/her 

performance. Employees are assessed based on their 

competency and contributions while executive level staff are 

also measured on their achievement of their key performance 

tasks and targets. 

As part of our rigorous process, to ensure a steady pipeline 

of quality management staff, our high-performing staff 

are subject to a Promotion Board to assess their general 

management, people and leadership attributes. Besides the 

psychometric tools used for recruitment, senior BU Heads and 

Group Officers are also actively involved in the assessment 

and recruitment of high potentials. 

We also have in place various programmes and processes 

that focus on key areas, including building management 

bench strength, talent management, succession planning, 

performance management and compensation and 

benefits. In addition, we have established a cross-business 

unit and off-line mentoring initiative among our high-

performing employees.

We believe that our holistic approach in managing and 

engaging our talent will result in a more sustainable pipeline 

of future leaders who are committed, dedicated and able to 

achieve greater performance. Their enhanced development 

will give them the necessary organisational perspectives 

and adept leadership abilities to deal with the increasingly 

complex and competitive business environment.

In 2016, our 

employees 

in Singapore 

averaged

48 hours 

of training 

sustainability report 2016

35


REACHING OUT

At ComfortDelGro, community 

engagement is not just a catchphrase. 

It is an integral part of our moral fabric – 

closely intertwined with everything that 

we do. 

Our guiding principle is simple: Pursue 

benefits for both the business and the 

society concurrently. This two-pronged 

approach involves us finding ways to 

develop our business whilst creating a 

sustainable environment. In all that we 

do, we are constantly looking at ways 

in which we can help the communities 

we operate in to grow – in tandem with 

our businesses.

We believe that business should not just 

be governed by the mind – but the heart 

and soul as well. We do this not just 

because it is the right thing to do but 

because we care. 

In our business, moving people 

between destinations is central to 

everything we do. We are continually 

looking at new and better ways to do 

this – and to find ways to reach out to an 

even wider range of commuters. 

The nature of our business involves 

community engagement in most of 

our operations. But even as we deliver 

services to the communities, we are 

also mindful of any potential negative 

environmental 

or safety impact 

that may result 

from the roll-out 

of our operations, 

particularly the 

bus and taxi 

businesses. To 

this end, we have, 

and continue to 

take, preventive 

measures including 

investing in 

environmentally 

friendly vehicles 

S$1.3 million

The Group has donated close to

to various charities and welfare 

organisations in 2016 

65,841 subsidised trips

ComfortDelGro Taxi has made

for Handicaps Welfare Association to-date

as well as stepping up safety checks 

and training. We also reach out to the 

communities by conducting safety talks. 

Accessibility

As a provider of land transport services, 

accessibility is a critical part of our 

business focus. We are committed 

to providing our services equitably to 

serve all customers – independent of 

age or ability. 

To this end, we operate wheelchair 

friendly buses that are capable of 

transporting persons-in-wheelchairs 

(PIWs) safely and comfortably. 

In Singapore, the United Kingdom 

(UK) and Australia, drivers of our 

wheelchair friendly bus services are 

trained in the correct way to deploy 

the ramps and assist the passengers. 

In Singapore, SBS Transit operates 

193 Wheelchair Accessible Bus (WAB) 

services, which account for close to 

95.5% of its bus services. It aims to be 

fully wheelchair accessible by 2020. In 

the UK, Metroline’s entire fleet of buses 

comes equipped with wheelchair ramps 

as part of a regulatory requirement 

while in Australia, 75% of the bus 

services operated by ComfortDelGro 

Corporation Australia (CDC) in Sydney 

and Melbourne are wheelchair friendly. 

Separately, Metroline, which had 

signed The Royal National Institute of 

Blind People’s accessibility charter in 

2015, continued to hold events at its 

Cricklewood and Holloway Garages to 

help its bus drivers become more aware 

and sympathetic towards visually-

impaired passengers. Bus drivers at 

these events put on “glasses” that 

reduce visibility so that they better 

understand the challenges that the 

visually-impaired passengers face when 

they commute by bus. 

Our taxis are also disabled friendly. 

In Singapore, ComfortDelGro Taxi 

trains its drivers to assist PIWs in the 

correct way. Since 1999, the Company 

has been giving the disabled free or 

subsidised rides under the Handicare 

Cab Scheme. In 2016, ComfortDelGro 

Taxi subsidised S$9,420 worth of 

booking fees for 1,642 trips. Since the 

start of the Scheme in 1999, we have 

subsidised a total of 65,841 trips worth 

close to S$370,000.

CabbyCare Charity Group (CabbyCare), 

the Company’s taxi driver volunteer 

group, also sponsored S$1,850 worth 

of taxi vouchers to help defray the 

cost of trips made by members of 

the Handicaps Welfare Association 

(HWA) and the Society of the Visually 

Handicapped (SAVH) during the year. 

Free trips were also given to members 

of the Singapore General Hospital’s 

Amputees Support Group as they went 

on their community outings. 

In the UK, Computer Cab operates the 

Taxicard service, which is a scheme that 

provides subsidised travel to London 

residents with serious mobility or sight 

impairments, enabling them to use 

licensed taxis at subsidised rates. 

In Western Australia (WA), Swan Taxis 

raised funds for VisAbility (formerly 

known as the Association for the Blind 

of WA), which provides professional 

therapy and support services to assist 

the disabled in their homes, at school, at 

work and in the community. 

In China, Nanjing ComfortDelGro Dajian 

gave free rides to the disabled on 

Disability Day. Nanjing ComfortDelGro 

SBS Transit 

operates

193 WAB 

Services,

which account 

for close to

95.5%

of its bus services

comfortdelgro corporation limited

36


Dajian, Shanghai City Qi Ai Taxi 

Services, Chengdu ComfortDelGro 

Qing Yang Driving School and Chengdu 

Jitong Integrated Vehicle Inspection 

contributed a total of S$98,434 to the 

Employment Fund for the Handicapped. 

As the only driving school approved by 

Authorities to train disabled students, 

Chengdu ComfortDelGro Qing Yang 

Driving School trained 113 such 

students during the year.

Local Communities

We are committed to the communities 

we operate in and actively reach out 

to them through education, welfare, 

disaster relief and health. 

In 2016, the Group continued to care 

for the poor, the elderly, the children 

and the sick, donating close to 

S$1.3 million to various charities and 

welfare organisations. 

Supporting the Needy and Serving 

the Elderly Poor

In Singapore, we continued to 

contribute to NTUC Eldercare, which 

provides social day care services to 

the elderly poor. To-date, we have 

contributed a total of S$1.6 million to 

this cause.

In 2016, the Group donated 

S$303,785.30 to four charities – Lions 

Befrienders Service Association 

(Singapore) (Lions Befrienders); HWA; 

Cerebral Palsy Alliance Singapore 

(CPAS); and SAVH – following the end 

of the “ComfortDelGro Celebrates 

SG50” charity drive which was held 

in conjunction with Singapore’s 

50th National Day. 

With that donation, ComfortDelGro 

became one of the Lions Befrienders’ 

top three donors of all time. To 

commemorate the strong partnership, 

an activity hall in its newly-built 

Lions Befrienders’ Tampines 

Senior Activity Centre was named 

after ComfortDelGro.

SBS Transit’s Lost &amp; Found Department 

also contributed over S$17,000 

of unclaimed monies to the Lions 

Befrienders’ Home Improvement 

Programme (HIP) Fund this year. 

Through the Fund, ComfortDelGro 

has been able to help improve the 

living conditions of the elderly poor by 

purchasing new electrical appliances 

like washing machines and refrigerators, 

as well as replacing old furniture like 

bed frames and mattresses with new 

ones. In 2016, a total of S$91,315 was 

used to purchase these items. 

ComfortDelGro staff also brought the 

Lions Befrienders seniors out on several 

excursions during the year, including 

a Peranakan or Straits Chinese food 

adventure, a mooncake baking workshop 

and a Singapore Chinese Orchestra 

concert. For all these activities, Moove 

Media contributed goodie bags 

for the seniors and volunteers. On 

19 October 2016, ComfortDelGro Rent-

A-Car also delivered boxes consisting 

of basic necessities, including rice, oil, 

canned food, cereal, and porridge to 

60 Lions Befrienders seniors. VICOM 

brought a different group of seniors from 

Thong Keng Seniors Activity Centre on 

an excursion to the Buddha Tooth Relic 

Temple and Museum. 

Other Business Units in Singapore such 

as SBS Transit continued to offer free 

travel on the North East Line (NEL) to 

the elderly residents of the Kwong Wai 

Shiu Hospital when they went on their 

excursions. Apart from such free train 

rides, SBS Transit conducted a one-and-

a-half hour long iris app sharing session 

– the first of its kind – for 40 seniors at 

the RSVP Singapore – The Organisation 

of Senior Volunteers. Through the SBS 

Transit’s CARES training, trainee Bus 

Captains also visited the NTUC Silver 

Circle Senior Care Centre where they 

can better understand the mobility 

challenges faced by the seniors when 

they commute by bus. 

In 2016, ComfortDelGro Taxi staff 

participated in several fundraising 

running events in support of charities, 

including Lee Ah Mooi Old Age Home. 

In October 2016, 62 staff walked 

333km to raise 3,300 bowls of white 

and brown rice for the less fortunate 

in the “Walk for 

Rice” event that 

was organised 

by the South 

East Community 

Development 

Council. CabbyCare 

also kept up 

its practice of 

delivering meals, 

bread and library 

books to the 

needy for free. In 

all, CabbyCare members made over 

4,360 trips during the year, valued at 

about S$327,150 in fares foregone. 

The Group’s engineering arm, 

ComfortDelGro Engineering, provided 

maintenance services at subsidised rates 

to 11 charitable organisations under the 

National Council of Social Services. 

In September 2016, the social enterprise 

arm of Moove Media’s associate, 

Gobbler5, launched the “TOWKAY @ 

South West” pilot programme which 

aims to empower lower-income 

individuals by providing them initially 

with free merchandise to resell. 

Subsequent replenishments of stocks 

are sold to the individuals at cost, 

thus enabling them to better achieve 

financial independence.

To spread some Christmas cheer, 

Gobbler5 also set up booths at 10 train 

stations along NEL and the Downtown 

Line (DTL) where members of the 

public could purchase and donate 

Christmas hampers to needy families 

from Fei Yue Family Service Centre. A 

total of 124 hampers were taken up and 

distributed before Christmas. In Victoria, 

CDC encouraged its staff to collect toys 

as well as cash through its Christmas 

Appeal programme in support of 

the Brotherhood of St Laurence, a 

community organisation that works 

to prevent and alleviate poverty 

across Australia. 

In China, Beijing Jin Jian Taxi Services 

donated S$10,435 towards the Beijing 

Warmth Foundation, which actively 

encourages workers to raise funds 

to help those amongst them who are 

facing financial difficulties. 

ComfortDelGro 

has contributed 

a total of

S$1.6 million

to NTUC 

Eldercare to-date

sustainability report 2016

37


REACHING OUT

In Vietnam, Vietnam Taxi (Vinataxi) 

continued to sponsor the Lawrence 

S. Ting Charity Walk that supports 

the poor and needy in Ho Chi Minh 

City, while ComfortDelGro Savico Taxi 

donated towards the poor and the Flood 

Prevention Fund.

Engaging the Young

Apart from the elderly poor, children are 

very much on our minds too. 

In Singapore, CabbyCare deployed 

62 taxis to help 500 youth volunteers 

from the South West District as they 

gave away bags containing school 

supplies to 1,500 needy students. Staff 

from ComfortDelGro Engineering also 

brought children with special needs 

from the Canossaville Children’s Home 

on an excursion to the Sentosa Resorts 

World’s S.E.A. Aquarium. 

In Sydney, CDC contributed over S$4,180 

towards schools for their awards. It also 

pledged S$10,460 towards providing 

10 students from Melbourne’s West 

with stored value or MYKI cards worth 

S$1,046 each for travel on buses, trains 

and trams in Victoria. 

To clamp down on vandalism on its 

buses in Victoria, CDC collaborated with 

the Western Bulldogs’ popular youth 

leadership programme, The Whitten 

Project, to conduct two ‘Graffiti Removal 

Workshops’ in July and August 2016 for 

about 50 youths. During the three-hour 

workshops, the youths, aged between 

14 and 16, smeared and removed graffiti 

from a bus so that they could better 

understand how painstaking and costly 

the cleaning process was.

In WA, Swan Taxis donated toiletry bags 

towards Mazenod College in its charity 

drive to help homeless children.

In China, Guangzhou Xin Tian 

Wei Transportation Development 

contributed about S$370 to needy 

students, while five taxi companies 

in China – CityCab (Shenyang), 

Jilin ComfortDelGro Taxi, Nanjing 

ComfortDelGro Dajian Taxi, Shenyang 

ComfortDelGro Taxi and Suzhou 

Comfort Taxi – continued to provide free 

taxi trips to needy students during the 

country’s National Education Entrance 

Examination. Beijing Tian Long Da 

Tian Vehicle Inspection donated two 

computers to children in Kenya. 

In Vietnam, Vinataxi sponsored S$6,875 

towards the eighth Phu My Hung 

Children’s Day event, which provided 

8,000 children with a day of fun, food 

and games.

Caring for the Seriously Ill

Our businesses are also firm supporters 

of non-profit organisations that look 

after the sick and the terminally-ill. 

In Singapore, ComfortDelGro Taxi and 

CabbyCare participated in Hair for Hope 

for the third straight year with a record 

165 taxi drivers volunteering to have 

their heads shaven. A total of S$40,000 

was raised for Children’s Cancer 

Foundation, bringing our contribution 

to S$90,000 since CabbyCare started 

participating in Hair for Hope in 2014. 

SBS Transit partnered the “Forget Us Not 

Association” to organise the “Train-the-

Trainer” workshop where a Geriatrics 

Specialist from Khoo Teck Puat Hospital 

was engaged to help supervisors better 

coach their staff in identifying and 

assisting persons with dementia. 

Besides setting aside S$3,000 worth of 

taxi vouchers for Star PALS, a palliative 

home care service for children and 

youth with life-threatening or life-limiting 

conditions, VICOM continued to place 

Star PALS donation boxes across all its 

seven centres. Its staff also brought 25 

Star PALS clients to a clay modelling 

and an ice-cream making workshop 

in December 2016. Aside from 

supporting Star PALS, VICOM also 

forked out S$16,140 in support of other 

charitable organisations. 

During the year, a team of seven 

Metroline staff cycled from London to 

Brussels and Paris, before returning 

to London in a race against time to 

raise greater awareness for Macmillan 

Cancer Support. Metroline sponsored 

S$3,552 towards the equipment. 

The team covered over 700 miles 

in seven days, raising S$800 in 

all. CityFleet Networks also made 

donations to Cancer Research UK, the 

Sick Children’s Trust and Breast Cancer 

Awareness Month. 

ComfortDelGro Irish Citylink donated 

unclaimed monies from its Lost &amp; 

Found Department to various charities 

including the Jack &amp; Jill Children’s 

Foundation, which provides direct 

funding to families of children who 

suffer from severe intellectual and 

physical developmental delay, as well as 

Cancer Care West, a cancer treatment 

centre. Scottish Citylink Coaches, on 

the other hand, sponsored an individual, 

who ran 120 miles from the Isle of Skye 

to Inverness along its 917 coach route, 

to support Maggie’s Cancer Support 

Centre, Inverness. 

In Sydney, CDC bus drivers decorated 

six of its buses in different Christmas 

themes to help raise funds for The 

Children’s Hospital at Westmead. 

The Christmas buses, which plied 

the Region 4 bus network from 

28 November 2016 to 1 January 2017, 

raised over S$9,720. CDC also 

continued to donate to the ACT Eden 

Monaro Cancer Support Group, Dainere 

Rainbow Brain Tumor Research Fund, 

Convoy for Cancer Families, Cancer 

Council NSW and provided bus services 

to CanTeen, a non-profit organisation 

that helps young people deal with the 

challenges that cancer brings. 

In WA, Swan Taxis held its annual 

Charity Car Wash and raised a total 

of S$13,069 for Camp Quality, a 

non-profit organisation that designs 

programmes and services for children 

living with cancer. Swan Taxis also 

donated another S$13,253 towards 

Cure Brain Cancer Foundation; 

Breast Cancer Care; and the Princess 

Margaret Hospital Foundation that 

supports children undergoing life-

threatening treatments.

comfortdelgro corporation limited

38


OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

ComfortDelGro is committed to 

safeguarding the interests of our 

Stakeholders for sustainable growth. 

To this end, we hold ourselves to high 

standards of corporate governance 

and business and ethical conduct. Our 

governance policies and practices are 

in line with the principles and guidelines 

set out in the Code of Corporate 

Governance issued by the Monetary 

Authority of Singapore on 2 May 2012. 

We also have in place a robust 

Enterprise Risk Management 

Framework which enables our Group 

and Business Units to understand 

the nature and complexity of the risks 

involved in the operations and provides 

a systematic process to identify and 

review the risks and prioritise resources 

to manage them.

Environmental and social issues rank 

high on our priority list which is why we 

have incorporated such considerations 

into our decision making processes. 

For example, we are sensitive to the 

levels of emissions of our vehicles and 

weigh this against costs when renewing 

our fleets. Safety considerations are 

also included in the performance 

assessments of our operations while 

our Group-wide Green Committee lead 

on improvements in environmental 

issues. Our risk-based approach is 

aligned to the precautionary principle. 

We are a proud signatory to the United 

Nations Global Compact (UNGC).

We are equally committed to respecting 

the privacy of every individual and 

adhering to relevant legislation such as 

the Personal Data Protection Act 2012, 

Singapore (“PDPA”). We have put in 

place adequate and robust Information 

Technology (IT) security systems and 

operating processes to ensure data 

security by adopting the ComfortDelGro 

IT Risk Management Framework. The 

security measures are constantly 

updated to meet the ever-changing 

threat levels. Staff are also reminded of 

the need to adhere to the Act and to be 

mindful of our customers’ privacy.

Risk Management

The Group’s approach to risk 

management is underpinned 

by several key principles:

•	

The risk management process is a 

continuous, iterative and developing 

one, as the Group’s businesses and 

their operating environments are 

dynamic. Risk identification and 

assessment and risk management 

practices are reviewed and 

updated regularly to manage 

risks proactively.

•	

We promote and inculcate risk 

awareness among all our employees 

by embedding risk management 

processes into day-to-day 

business operations and setting an 

appropriate tone at the top. Regular 

exercises, continuous education and 

training, as well as communications 

through various forums on risk 

management, are carried out to 

sustain a risk-informed and risk-

aware culture in the Group.

•	

Ownership of and accountability 

for the risk management process 

is clearly defined and assigned to 

the Business Units, Departments 

and individuals. Managers at each 

level have intimate knowledge 

of their businesses and assume 

ownership of risk management, 

with stewardship retained at 

Senior Management. 

The Management Risk Committee 

(MRC) works closely with the Business 

Units to ensure that risk management 

is taken seriously and the Risk 

Management Framework is properly 

rolled out across the whole Group. 

Members of the MRC are drawn from 

Senior Management staff from the 

major Business Units and key business 

functions. Key risks for the Group are 

identified and presented to the Audit 

and Risk Committee (ARC) and the 

Board annually.

The different Business Units have 

different risk profiles and they have 

different programmes to manage 

the risks. The risk management 

programmes are regularly tested and 

stressed to ensure that they remain 

relevant and meet changing business 

requirements. Some of the key risks 

faced by the Group, the relevant 

mitigating factors and how they are 

managed are set out below.

Financial Risks

The Group has established internal 

control systems to safeguard its assets 

and regularly reviews the effectiveness 

of these controls to improve and 

fortify financial discipline. All policies 

and procedures on financial matters, 

including approval limits and authority, 

are clearly defined in the Group’s 

Financial Procedures Manual. 

Robust

Risk Management Framework

Embrace

shareholder value

Establish

internal control system

Safeguard

assets

sustainability report 2016

39


OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

Financial Authority Limits

Comprehensive and specific financial 

authority limits are put in place 

for capital expenditure, operating 

expenses, treasury matters, direct 

investments, revenue tender 

participation and disposal and write-

off of assets. These authority limits are 

delegated based on the organisational 

hierarchy from the Board down to 

the Managing Director/Group Chief 

Executive Officer (MD/Group CEO) 

and the Heads of Business Units/

Departments, with the Board retaining 

the ultimate authority. Any expenditure 

exceeding the highest authority limit is 

referred to the Board for approval. To 

ensure that the Group’s assets continue 

to be managed prudently, the Board 

periodically reviews the mandate that it 

delegates to Management.

Budgetary Control

A robust and challenging Annual 

Budget is prepared and approved by 

the Board prior to the commencement 

of each new financial year. Material 

variations between actual and 

budgeted performance are reviewed 

on a monthly basis and explanations 

provided. Specific approvals are 

required for unbudgeted expenditures 

exceeding a relevant threshold. The 

capital expenditure budget is approved 

in principle by the Board as part of 

the Annual Budget. Each capital 

expenditure is subjected to rigorous 

justification and review before it is 

incurred in accordance with the Group’s 

financial authority limits. Tight control 

on manpower is exercised through 

headcount budgets.

Financial Risk Management

The Group recognises that prudent 

management of financial risks is an 

important aspect in the creation of 

shareholder value. The main areas 

of financial risks faced by the Group 

are foreign exchange/currency risk, 

interest rate risk, credit/counter-party 

risk, liquidity risk and fuel and electricity 

price risk. It is the Group’s policy not 

to participate in financial derivative 

instruments, except for use as hedging 

instruments, where appropriate. 

Sensitivity analysis and reviews of the 

Group’s exposure to financial risks 

under changing market conditions are 

carried out regularly. 

A detailed description of the financial 

risks and how the Group manages them 

are set out in the Notes to the Financial 

Statements on pages 102 to 169 in the 

ComfortDelGro Annual Report 2016.

Economic cycle

Changes in economic conditions in 

the countries that the Group operates 

in may impact the businesses in 

terms of customer demand and the 

cost of providing the services. We 

manage these risks by continuously 

scanning and monitoring political and 

economic issues. We monitor demand 

trends and operating margins closely. 

Expenses are managed in the light of 

revenue patterns and changing market 

conditions and to drive improvements 

in cost structures. Where possible, 

revenue risks are mitigated by 

diversifying revenue streams to non-

fare sources.

Operational Risks

Operational risks may arise from 

failures in internal controls, operational 

processes or the supporting systems. 

The Group has put in place operating 

manuals, standard operating 

procedures, authority guidelines and a 

regular reporting framework to manage 

these risks. 

Safety

Managing the safety and security of 

our customers, our staff and the public 

is the cornerstone of the Group’s 

safety and security plan. We run safety 

awareness and training programmes 

to instil a safety and security conscious 

culture in employees at all levels. 

Safety audits are conducted regularly 

as part of the management and review 

process to ensure that safety standards 

are maintained. The Group works 

closely with the relevant Authorities 

to ensure that the security of our bus 

and train services and facilities are not 

compromised. We regularly carry out 

drills and exercises internally, as well as 

with external agencies. Fence intrusion 

detection systems and other security 

features are installed at operating 

facilities and security guards deployed 

to patrol the facilities. Members of the 

public are encouraged to look out for 

suspicious objects or persons.

Environmental

The Group is committed to being a 

socially-responsible organisation 

through minimising the impact our 

business activities have on the 

environment. Our operations, accidents 

and natural events can cause pollution 

or other environmental risks. To limit 

these risks, we engage in active 

environmental risk management, 

ensuring that we target the problems 

that could arise and implement 

preventive measures. We comply with 

all relevant regulations in the countries 

that we operate in. Ways in which the 

Group works to protect the environment 

can be found on pages 8 to 13 of 

this Report.

Human Resource

The Group’s ability to develop and grow 

the business internationally depends 

on the quality of its employees and 

it continues to invest in building up a 

resource pool to support this growth. 

We have in place various programmes 

and processes that focus on several key 

areas, including building management 

bench strength, talent management, 

succession planning, performance 

management, compensation and 

benefits, training and development, 

employee conduct and supervision, 

as well as occupational health and 

safety. We ensure that employees are 

selected based on merit, that they 

comfortdelgro corporation limited

40


understand their responsibilities and 

are given access to necessary training. 

At all times, a positive, constructive and 

productive working climate based on 

strong tripartite relations is fostered. All 

terms and conditions of employment, 

along with policies and procedures, 

comply with the relevant regulations.

Property and Liability

The Group’s exposure to property 

damage, business interruption and 

other liability risks is constantly 

monitored and reviewed with the 

Group’s in-house insurance broking 

associate. Together with external risk 

management consultants, we ensure 

sufficiency of insurance coverage 

and maintain an optimal balance 

between risks that are retained 

internally and risks that are placed out 

with underwriters.

Business Continuity 

We have put in place Business 

Continuity Plans (BCPs) to mitigate the 

risks of disruption and catastrophic loss 

to our operations, people, information 

database and other assets. The BCPs 

include identification and planning of 

alternate recovery centres, operational 

procedures to maintain communication, 

measures to ensure continuity of critical 

business functions and recovery of 

information database. We regularly 

update and test the BCPs. Drills and 

emergency response exercises are 

conducted to familiarise employees 

with the various incident management 

plans. The BCPs enhance the Group’s 

operational readiness and resilience to 

potential business disruptions.

Information Technology Risks

Information technology system failures 

are key risks for the Group since 

almost all the businesses rely heavily 

on information technology. This can 

take the form of a major system failure 

which can result in disruption of the 

business, loss of data or a security 

breach of our information technology 

systems. Information security means 

protecting information and information 

systems from unauthorised access, 

use, disclosure, disruption, modification 

or destruction. The Group’s information 

technology security management 

framework complies with current 

industry standards. We have put 

in place various controls and data 

recovery measures to mitigate the risks, 

including the use of intrusion prevention 

systems, multi-level firewalls, server 

protection, software code hardening 

and data loss prevention controls to 

manage Internet security and Cyber 

threats. Penetration tests are carried 

out regularly to test the systems and 

identify potential security vulnerabilities 

and allow us to improve the security 

hardening of our websites. Information 

security policies and procedures, 

including security education for all staff, 

are regularly reviewed and enhanced.

Compliance Risks

The Group keeps abreast and 

complies with all laws and regulations 

governing the conduct of business in 

the countries that it operates in. The 

businesses within the Group operate 

in regulated environment in different 

countries. These regulations include 

pricing, service standards, licences 

to operate and transport policies, 

which are stipulated by the relevant 

regulatory Authorities. We work closely 

with the regulatory Authorities in the 

respective countries as part of our 

risk management process to keep 

abreast of developments and policies 

that may affect our businesses and the 

competitive landscape. We manage 

our operations well and effectively to 

ensure that standards are met, thereby 

reducing significantly the risk of 

licences being withdrawn. 

Strategic Risks

We evaluate each new investment 

proposal to ensure that it is in line with 

the Group’s strategy and investment 

objective and it can meet the relevant 

hurdle rates of return. This assessment 

includes macro and project specific 

risks analysis covering feasibility study, 

due diligence, financial modelling and 

sensitivity analysis of key investment 

assumptions and variables. To ensure 

that the rate of return on any new 

investment or business opportunity 

commensurates with the risk exposure 

taken, the new investment opportunity 

is evaluated in terms of (a) profitability; 

(b) return on investment; (c) pay back 

period; (d) cash flow generation; (e) 

potential for internal and external 

growth; and (f) investment climate and 

political stability of the country. The 

investment proposal has to be approved 

according to the financial authority 

limits approved by the Board.

Audit Process

The Internal and External Auditors 

conduct reviews in accordance with 

their audit plans to assess the adequacy 

of the internal controls that are in place. 

Non-compliance and recommendations 

for improvements are reported to the 

ARC, which reviews the effectiveness 

of the actions taken to mitigate the 

risks. In the course of their audits, the 

Internal and External Auditors highlight 

to the ARC and Management areas 

where there are material deficiencies 

and weaknesses or the occurrence 

or potential occurrence of significant 

risk events and propose mitigating 

measures and treatment plans. The 

recommendations are followed up as 

part of the Group’s continuous review of 

the system of internal controls.

sustainability report 2016

41


OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

Code Of Business Conduct And 

Whistle Blowing Policy

The Group has adopted a Code of 

Business Conduct which sets out the 

principles and policies upon which our 

businesses are conducted, as well as 

implemented a Whistle Blowing Policy 

to provide a mechanism for employees 

to raise concerns, through well-defined 

and accessible confidential disclosure 

channels about possible improprieties 

in financial reporting or other improper 

business conduct including potential 

corruption, discrimination or human 

rights infringes. Employees are given a 

Company handbook detailing how they 

can go about raising their concerns. 

Incidents can also be reported through 

a direct link to the MD/Group CEO, 

the Group Human Resource Officer 

or the Group Internal Audit Officer 

on the Group’s Intranet. All cases are 

investigated and dealt with promptly 

and thoroughly. 

In 2016, there was no incident reported. 

ComfortDelGro has no political 

affiliations nor did it make any political 

contributions in 2016.

Opinion Of The Board

Risk management is an important 

and integral part of ComfortDelGro’s 

strategic planning and decision-making 

process. Key risks are identified and 

presented to the Board annually. 

Ownership of the risk management 

process is clearly defined and cascaded 

to the executive and functional level, 

with stewardship retained at Senior 

Management. Action plans that are 

necessary to manage the risks are 

in place and closely monitored. The 

adequacy of the risk governance, risk 

policy and internal controls in place is 

also assessed as part of the process. 

Based on these reviews, the Board 

is of the view, with the concurrence 

of the ARC, that there are adequate 

and effective internal controls in place 

within the Group to address its financial, 

operational, compliance and information 

technology risks.

comfortdelgro corporation limited

42


COMFORTDELGRO CONTENT INDEX G4 (CORE)

GENERAL STANDARD DISCLOSURES

CHAPTER/COMMENTS

PAGE REFERENCE

STRATEGY AND ANALYSIS

G4-1

Statement from the most senior decision-maker of the 

organisation about the relevance of sustainability to 

the organisation and the organisation’s strategy for 

addressing sustainability

Message from the Group CEO

2-3

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE

G4-3

Name of the organisation

About this Report

1

G4-4

Primary brands, products, and services

Annual Report, Operations Review AR 36-52

G4-5

Location of the organisation’s headquarters

Back cover

Back Cover

G4-6

Number of countries where the organisation operates, 

and names of countries where either the organisation 

has significant operations or that are specifically 

relevant to the sustainability topics covered in 

the report

Annual Report, Global Footprint

AR 2-3

G4-7

Nature of ownership and legal form

ComfortDelGro Corporation 

Limited as well as its subsidiaries 

SBS Transit Ltd and VICOM Ltd 

are listed at the Singapore 

Stock Exchange

G4-8

Markets served (including geographic breakdown, 

sectors served, and types of customers 

and beneficiaries)

Annual Report, Operations Review AR 36-52

G4-9

Scale of the organisation

Annual Report, Global Footprint 

Annual Report, Group Financial 

Highlights 

Our People

AR 2-3 

AR 17-19 

 

28

G4-10

a.  Total number of employees by employment contract 

and gender

b.  Total number of permanent employees by 

employment type and gender

c.  Total workforce by employees and supervised 

workers and by gender

d.  Total workforce by region and gender

e.  Report whether a substantial portion of the 

organisation’s work is performed by workers who 

are legally recognised as self-employed, or by 

individuals other than employees or supervised 

workers, including employees and supervised 

employees of contractors

f.    Any significant variations in employment numbers 

(such as seasonal variations in employment in the 

tourism or agricultural industries)

Our People 

No significant number of different 

employment contracts, of non-

permanent employees or of 

supervised workers. No significant 

variations in employment numbers

28, 30-32

G4-11

Employees covered by collective 

bargaining agreements

Our People

34

G4-12

The organisation’s supply chain

Supply Chain  

Our Stakeholders and Partners

24-25 

26-27

sustainability report 2016

43


GENERAL STANDARD DISCLOSURES

CHAPTER/COMMENTS

PAGE REFERENCE

G4-13

Significant changes during the reporting period 

regarding the organisation’s size, structure, ownership, 

or its supply chain

There were no significant changes

G4-14

Whether and how the precautionary approach or 

principle is addressed by the organisation

Our Approach to Sustainability

39

G4-15

Externally developed economic, environmental and 

social charters, principles, or other initiatives to which 

the organisation subscribes or which it endorses

Our Approach to Sustainability 

Our People

39-42 

30, 33-34

G4-16

Memberships of associations (such as industry 

associations) and national or international 

advocacy organisations

Our Approach to Sustainability 

Our People

39-42 

30, 34

IDENTIFIED MATERIAL ASPECTS 

AND BOUNDARIES

G4-17

All entities included or not included in organisation’s 

financial statements

Annual Report, Directories 

About this Report 

AR 80-83 

1

G4-18

Process for defining Report Content

Materiality

6-7

G4-19

The material Aspects identified in the process for 

defining report content

Materiality 

6-7

G4-20

For each material Aspect, Aspect Boundary within 

the organisation

Materiality 

6-7

G4-21

Aspect Boundary outside the organisation

Materiality 

6-7

G4-22

Effect of any restatements of information 

provided in previous reports, and the reasons for 

such restatements

There are no restatements

G4-23

Significant changes from previous reporting periods in 

the Scope and Aspect Boundaries

About this Report 

1

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

G4-24

Stakeholder groups engaged by the organisation

Our Stakeholders and Partners

26-27

G4-25

Basis for identification and selection of Stakeholders 

with whom to engage

Our Stakeholders and Partners

26-27

G4-26

Approach to stakeholder engagement, including 

frequency of engagement by type and by 

Stakeholder group

Our Stakeholders and Partners

26-27

G4-27

Key topics and concerns raised through stakeholder 

engagement, and how the organisation has responded

Our Stakeholders and Partners

26-27

REPORT PROFILE

G4-28

Reporting period for information provided

About this Report

1

G4-29

Date of most recent previous report

About this Report

1

G4-30

Reporting cycle

About this Report

1

G4-31

Contact point for questions regarding the report or 

its contents

About this Report

1

COMFORTDELGRO CONTENT INDEX G4 (CORE)

comfortdelgro corporation limited

44


GENERAL STANDARD DISCLOSURES

CHAPTER/COMMENTS

PAGE REFERENCE

G4-32

Report on ‘In accordance’ option, GRI Content Index, 

reference to External Assurance

About this Report

1

G4-33

Policy and current practice with regard to seeking 

external assurance for the report

About this Report

1

GOVERNANCE

G4-34

Governance structure of the organisation

Annual Report, Corporate 

Governance  

Our Approach to Sustainability 

Health &amp; Safety

AR 54-65 

 

39-42 

17-18, 23

G4-56

The organisation’s values, principles, standards and 

norms of behavior such as codes of conduct and codes 

of ethics

Our People 

Our Approach to Sustainability

29 

39-42

SPECIFIC STANDARD DISCLOSURES

CHAPTER/COMMENTS

PAGE REFERENCE

CATEGORY: ECONOMIC

ASPECT: ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Annual Report, Operations Review AR 36-52

G4-EC1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

Annual Report, Group Financial 

Highlights 

Reaching Out

AR 17-19 

 

36-38

CATEGORY: ENVIRONMENTAL

ASPECT: ENERGY

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

The Green Statement 

Environment

8 

9-11

G4-EN3

Energy consumption within the organisation

Environment

11

ASPECT: WATER

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Environment

9

G4-EN8

Total water withdrawal by source

Environment 

Data includes washing of taxi on 

ComfortDelGro’s premises 

13

ASPECT: EMISSIONS

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

The Green Statement 

Environment

8 

9-12

G4-EN15

Direct Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions (Scope 1)

Environment

11

G4-EN16

Energy Indirect Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions 

(Scope 2)

Environment

11

ASPECT: EFFLUENTS AND WASTE 

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

The Green Statement 

Environment

8 

9-12

G4-EN23

Total weight of waste by type and disposal method

Environment

12

sustainability report 2016

45


SPECIFIC STANDARD DISCLOSURES

CHAPTER/COMMENTS

PAGE REFERENCE

CATEGORY: SOCIAL

SUB-CATEGORY: LABOUR PRACTICES AND DECENT WORK

ASPECT: LABOUR/MANAGEMENT RELATIONS

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our People

34

G4-LA4

Minimum notice periods regarding operational 

changes, including whether these are specified 

in Collective Agreements

Our People

34-35

ASPECT: OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Health &amp; Safety

14, 17-23

G4-LA6

Type of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and total number 

of work-related fatalities, by region and by gender

Health &amp; Safety

14-17

G4-LA7

Workers with high incidence or high risk of diseases 

related to their occupation

Health &amp; Safety

15

ASPECT: TRAINING AND EDUCATION

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our People

35

G4-LA9

Training per year per employee by gender, and by 

employee category

Our People

35

G4-LA11

Employees receiving regular performance and 

career development reviews, by gender and by 

employee category

Our People

35

ASPECT: DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our People

30

G4-LA12

Composition of governance bodies and breakdown 

of employees per employee category according to 

gender, age group, minority group membership, and 

other indicators of diversity

Our People 

All Board members are of Chinese 

ethnicity. 88% are above 50 years 

old, with one member (12.5%) 

belonging to the age group 

30- 50 years old

30-32

SUB-CATEGORY: HUMAN RIGHTS

ASPECT: NON-DISCRIMINATION

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our People

30

G4-HR3

Total number of incidents of discrimination and 

corrective actions taken

Our People

30

COMFORTDELGRO CONTENT INDEX G4 (CORE)

comfortdelgro corporation limited

46


SPECIFIC STANDARD DISCLOSURES

CHAPTER/COMMENTS

PAGE REFERENCE

SUB-CATEGORY: SOCIETY

ASPECT: LOCAL COMMUNITIES

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Reaching Out

36-38

G4-SO1

Operations with implemented local community 

engagement, impact assessments, and 

development programmes

Reaching Out

36-38

G4-SO2

Operations with significant actual and potential 

negative impacts on local communities

Reaching Out

36

ASPECT: ANTI-CORRUPTION

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Materiality 

Supply Chain 

Our Stakeholders and Partners 

Our Approach to Sustainability

6-7 

24-25 

26-27 

39-42

G4-SO3

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption and 

the significant risks identified

Materiality 

Our Stakeholders and Partners 

Our Approach to Sustainability

6-7 

26-27 

39-42

G4-SO5

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

Our Approach to Sustainability

42

ASPECT: PUBLIC POLICY

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Materiality 

Our Stakeholders and Partners 

Our Approach to Sustainability

7 

27 

42

G4-SO6

Total value of political contributions by country and 

recipient/beneficiary

Our Approach to Sustainability

42

SUB-CATEGORY: PRODUCT RESPONSIBILITY

ASPECT: CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Materiality 

Environment  

Health &amp; Safety

7 

9 

14-17

G4-PR1

Significant product and service categories for 

which health and safety impacts are assessed 

for improvement

All of our operations are regularly 

assessed for health and safety 

improvements. Also see Health 

and Safety

14-21

G4-PR2

Incidents of non-compliance with regulations and 

voluntary codes concerning the health and safety 

impacts of products and services during their life cycle

Health &amp; Safety

14

sustainability report 2016

47


This page has been left blank intentionally.


All rights reserved. Some information in this Sustainability Report constitute ‘forward looking statements’, which reflect ComfortDelGro’s 

current intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and 

other factors, many of which may be outside ComfortDelGro’s control. You are urged to view all forward looking statements with 

caution. No information herein should be reproduced without the express written permission of ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited. 

All information herein is correct at the time of publication. For updated information, please contact our Corporate Office.

Design and Production by Silicon+




ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

205 Braddell Road, Singapore 579701 

Mainline (65) 6383 8833   Facsimile (65) 6287 0311

 www.comfortdelgro.com 

 Company Registration No. 200300002K

