
Sustainability Report

20

19


02  

Message from Chairman and MD/Group CEO

04  

ComfortDelGro in Focus

Our Approach to Sustainability

09 

Our Sustainability Framework

13 

Materiality

14 

Sustainability and Risk Governance

16 

Our Stakeholders

19 

Managing Our Supply Chain

Economic 

20 

Economic

Environmental

23 

Energy Efficiency

28 

Waste Management

30 

Water Consumption

Social

32 

Health &amp; Safety

36 

Employee Engagement

39 

Diversity and Non-discrimination

40 

Employee Training 

42 

Accessibility

44 

Local Communities

Governance

49 

Anti-corruption

50 

Public Policy and Regulatory Framework

Annexes

52  

Annex A: Supplier Ethics Policy

54  

Annex B: Workplace Safety &amp; Health Committees Across the Group

55  

Annex C: Detailed Information on Employees and Other Workers

59  

Annex D: GRI Content Index

CONTENTS




ABOUT

THIS REPORT

Sustainability Report 2019

1

We are pleased to share with you our latest  

Sustainability Report. This Sustainability Report  

articulates ComfortDelGro’s sustainability ambition  

across all our operations around the world. It underscores 

our commitment to keep our Stakeholders abreast of 

our efforts and performance across the Environmental, 

Social and Governance (ESG) domains. ESG issues are 

complex but increasingly critical, both to our long-term 

value as a Company and to the wider society. This is 

especially so for us as a global mobility service provider. 

We play a key role in contributing to sustainable 

development through connecting societies with mobility 

services, including our extensive public transport 

networks. We welcome the opportunity to share this 

progress with you in our fifth Sustainability Report. This 

Report has been prepared in accordance with the Global 

Reporting Initiative’s (GRI) Standards: Core option and 

SGX Listing Rule 711 (A) and (B).

REPORTING PERIOD AND SCOPE 

We have provided a detailed account of our performance 

where data is currently available, based on the Group’s 

financial year from 1 January to 31 December 2019. 

As our subsidiaries – SBS Transit and VICOM – are also 

listed on the Singapore Exchange, we have produced 

their figures separately in this Sustainability Report. 

This Sustainability Report supplements ComfortDelGro’s 

Annual Report 2019, which can be found on our corporate 

website www.comfortdelgro.com. In accordance with 

our environmental principles, this Report is only available 

on our website.

INDEPENDENT CONSULTANCY 

An independent Sustainability consulting firm, Paia 

Consulting, was appointed to provide external assistance 

with the development of the contents of this Report. 

We intend to seek external assurance in the future.

GIVE US YOUR FEEDBACK

We welcome your feedback to help us do better.  Please 

do provide feedback on this Report. You can reach us 

at groupsustainability@comfortdelgro.com.




MESSAGE FROM CHAIRMAN 

AND MD/GROUP CEO

2019 has been a significant year for climate action and 

sustainability. At the United Nations (UN) Climate Action 

Summit, UN Secretary General Mr Antonio Guterres pushed for 

stronger political action to fight climate change, while teenage 

climate activist Ms Greta Thunberg berated world leaders for 

inaction. Closer to home in Singapore, Prime Minister Mr Lee 

Hsien Loong said at the National Day Rally that climate change 

is existential to Singapore, and that everything else must bend 

at the knees to safeguard the existence of our island nation. 

For the ComfortDelGro Group, we have deepened our 

commitment to sustainable development in 2019. The 

Board and Management have approved and adopted a 

sustainability framework that is aligned with 10 of the UN 

Sustainable Development Goals. We commit ourselves to 

various Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) efforts 

and targets. We see our investments in sustainability as an 

opportunity to create value and long-term growth for the 

Company and our Stakeholders. The Board will continue to 

provide oversight, with the support of Management, to drive 

our ESG efforts towards building a sustainable enterprise.  

Enabling an Energy Efficient Transport System

As a global mobility operator, ComfortDelGro is committed 

to minimising the environmental impact of our operations. 

To halve our Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emission intensity by 

2030, the Group has put in-place various plans and initiatives, 

including the progressive replacement of our diesel taxis with 

hybrids. To-date, close to 40% of our Singapore taxi fleet is 

petrol-electric hybrid vehicles. In Melbourne Australia, under 

a green loan arrangement, we are replacing 50 of our diesel 

buses with the Volvo Euro 6 hybrid vehicles. In July 2019, 

Metroline started London’s first all-electric, zero emission 

Route 43 service. SBS Transit, our public transport operator in 

Singapore, pro-actively partners the Land Transport Authority 

to experiment hybrid and fully-electric buses across different 

routes. In addition, the Group is working to increase the use 

of renewable energy like solar power, and to improve energy 

efficiency at our facilities and buildings. In 2019, new solar 

photovoltaic panels that were installed at the Yio Chu Kang 

bus interchange, provided 0.3MWp of energy to meet the 

operating needs of the facility. 



YANG BAN SENG

MD/Group CEO

LIM JIT POH

Chairman

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

2


Beyond transiting to a greener fleet and cleaner energy, the 

Group is also working to improve the reliability and efficiency 

of our public transport services. For 2019, the Mean Kilometres 

Between Failure (MKBF) of our North East Line and Downtown 

Line were 1.38 million train-km and 1.14 million train-km 

respectively. The improved reliability will help in steering 

commuters towards using public transport that consumes less 

energy per passenger km compared to private vehicles.   

Enhancing the Safety and Well-Being of the Community 

and Our People

As a responsible mobility operator, road and passenger safety 

are our priorities. While passenger injuries across our Group 

had decreased, there were still two road fatalities in 2019. Any 

fatality is one too many. We will expand and accelerate the 

implementation of technology solutions like Mobileye and 

predictive anti-collision system to further improve the road 

safety of our fleet. This is an area that we will focus on in 2020.

We see a diverse and inclusive work force as our strength. We 

continued our efforts to improve the representation of women 

in Board and senior leadership roles. Ms Jessica Cheam, a 

leading sustainability advocate of climate action, joined the 

Board in January 2019.

We also continued to invest in our employees and partners 

such as our cabbies. Working with various agencies, we 

have introduced programmes such as the Rail Manpower 

Development Package to train and deepen the competencies 

of our employees. To equip our cabbies with digital skills, more 

than 4,000 of them from our taxi business have undergone 

digital training to use various apps to improve productivity and 

accept digital payments as at end-2019. Our plan is to expand 

and roll out the digital training programme to all remaining 

cabbies by 2020.

In 2019, the Group continued to give back to society, 

including the poor, the elderly and the sick, donating about 

S$1.24 million to various charities and welfare organisations. 

About 440 staff volunteered for charitable activities, clocking 

in all 3,616 hours. Our plan is to focus on the area of mobility 

where we can meaningfully contribute and make a difference. 

As part of its outreach effort, SBS Transit has partnered I’m 

Soul Inc., a social enterprise to launch the MAGIC CARES Van 

community programme to encourage the elderly to be more 

active through the use of music. 

During the year, CabbyCare, our Taxi Business’ cabby volunteer 

group in Singapore, made over 1,780 free trips to deliver meals 

and library books to the needy. For its effort in helping persons 

with disabilities and the needy, the social enterprise arm of 

the Group, GobblerCo was recently awarded the Certificate 

of Recognition for businesses at the SG Enable’s 5th Enabling 

Employers Award. ComfortDelGro was also nominated as one 

of the finalists for the President’s Challenge Social Enterprise 

Award - Social Enterprise Champion of the Year.

Engraining a Culture of Innovation and  

Strong Governance

We continue to foster a culture of innovation and strong 

governance. We launched the autonomous NUSmart Shuttle 

trial at the National University of Singapore in July 2019. We 

also co-organised the 2019 Singapore Mobility Challenge, an 

open innovation initiative for ideas and technology to benefit 

commuters and the public transport industry. In this age of 

disruption, in order to stay relevant, the Group must be bold 

but nimble to assimilate new ideas, innovate and experiment.

During the year, we are glad that there were no major cyber-

security or personal data breaches across the Group. Given 

the evolving threats and our increasing digital footprint, we 

must continue to strengthen our capabilities to secure our 

information infrastructure, systems and databases.

Continuing Our Sustainability Journey

2019 ended on a sobering note as we witnessed the massive 

bushfires happening in Australia, one of ComfortDelGro’s key 

markets. As demonstrated by the impact of extreme weather 

events, climate change is an emerging risk. We can, and we 

must do more. 

 

The Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 

is a consortium set up in 2015 to help investors understand 

climate risk and help companies disclose this information in 

a clear and consistent way. We have asked the Management 

to review our targets and plans, and to consider adopting the 

climate risk reporting framework recommended by the TCFD. 

We are glad that our efforts in sustainability has been 

recognised when ComfortDelGro was selected as one of the 

five Singapore companies to be included in the 2019 Dow 

Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) – Asia Pacific. Besides DJSI, 

Sustainalytics, a leading independent global provider of ESG 

and corporate research and ratings to investors, also assessed 

ComfortDelGro as a top fifth percentile transportation 

company in its 2019 ESG risk rating performance. These 

recognitions are affirmations that we are on the right path.

We thank our Staff, Partners and Stakeholders for their support 

in our sustainability journey. There is a lot more to do, and we 

look forward to your continuing support and partnership.

LIM JIT POH 

 

YANG BAN SENG

Chairman 

 

MD/Group CEO

3

Sustainability Report 2019


COMFORTDELGRO

IN FOCUS



ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE

*  

Excludes operations in China, Vietnam and Malaysia as many of the businesses are joint ventures with local partners

**  

Excludes operations in Vietnam and Malaysia as many of the businesses are joint ventures with local partners

***  

Data available only for Singapore

Waste

Collected**

28,741

(Tonnes)

Paper including 

Cartons, 

Recycled***

63,950

(KG)

Electricity

Consumption**

490,098,944

(kWh)

Greenhouse

Gas Emissions*

1,136,105

(Tonnes CO2e)

Water Used**

3,822,993

(M3)

(KG)

3,073

Electronic Waste 

Recycled***

Greenhouse Gas 

Emission Intensity*

333

2017

319

2018

303

2019

(Tonnes CO2e per $mil revenue)

55% 

hybrid/electric 

taxis in Australia

45%

hybrid/electric 

buses in the United 

Kingdom (UK)

43% 

compressed natural 

gas (CNG)/electric 

taxis in China

39% 

hybrid/electric 

taxis in Singapore

across

countries7

41,600

vehicles

More than

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

4






SOCIAL PERFORMANCE

Accessibility

On Buses*

99%

SINGAPORE

99%

UK &amp; IRELAND

69%

AUSTRALIA

Donations To Charity By

The Group In 2019

S$1.24m

* Singapore operations refer to SBS Transit, United Kingdom operations refer to Metroline and New Adventure Travel, Australian operations refer to ComfortDelGro

 Corporation Australia

Road Safety

Passenger Injury Rate  

Per Million KM

3.00

2.75

5.59

SINGAPORE

UK &amp; IRELAND

AUSTRALIA

Passenger Fatalities

1

1

0

SINGAPORE

UK &amp; IRELAND

AUSTRALIA

6

Major Nationalities

In Our Workforce

15.6%

AUSTRALIA

0.2%

MALAYSIA

56.6%

SINGAPORE

3.4%

CHINA

23.9%

UK &amp; IRELAND

0.3%

VIETNAM

Female Employees

Across The Group

13%

2018

14.3%

2019

Employees Who Are Over 50 

Years Old Across The Group

36.7%

2018

40.1%

2019

1.75

2.25

12.88

SINGAPORE

UK &amp; IRELAND

AUSTRALIA

Accident Frequency Rate

49.90 18.86 230.85

SINGAPORE

UK &amp; IRELAND

AUSTRALIA

Accident Severity Rate

Workplace Safety

5

Sustainability Report 2019


Metroline Launches New Electric, Zero-emission  

Buses on London’s Streets 

All of Metroline’s buses for one of the City’s oldest bus route, 

Route 43, which serves thousands of Londoners each day, have 

gone fully electric on 1 July 2019, which also happened to be the 

first day of the inaugural London Climate Action Week. The fleet 

of electric buses serving the route are 37 BYD ADL Enviro4000 

EVs, the result of a successful collaboration between Chinese 

automotive company BYD and British bus builders Alexander 

Dennis. The BYD electric buses are joined by 31 other Optare’s 

Metrodecker EV buses on Route 134, which is also operated 

by Metroline.

ComfortDelGro Taxi Helps Cabbies Hop On Board 

Singapore’s Digital Transformation Journey

In June 2019, ComfortDelGro Taxi signed a Memorandum 

of Understanding with the National Taxi Association to form 

a Training Committee for Cabbies to help cabbies keep up 

with technological changes, improve productivity and seize 

opportunities in the industry. As at end-2019, more than 4,000

cabbies have undergone the training, with the remaining 

slated for training in 2020.





COMFORTDELGRO

IN FOCUS

2019 was a year of several firsts for ComfortDelGro. From launching the first  

all-electric bus route in London and conducting autonomous vehicle (AV) trials at the 

National University of Singapore (NUS), to embarking on digital training for our cabbies, 

we are proud of the new paths we have forged with our partners in building a more 

sustainable transportation system for all.

Swan Taxis Becomes First in Perth to Trial 

Fully-Electric Taxis 

In May 2019, Swan Taxis fitted out two fully-electric taxis, 

under the brand EV Cabs. The Hyundai Ioniqs have up to 

280km of driving range, are completely emissions-free, and 

are more energy efficient than internal combustion engine 

vehicles. Drivers and customers alike have provided positive 

feedback on the comfortable interior and quieter journeys.

ComfortDelGro Trials AV  

at NUS 

The fully autonomous NUSmart 

Shuttle began passenger service on  

30 July 2019 at the NUS’ Kent Ridge 

campus. This trial is part of a year-

long study aimed at gauging the 

commercial viability of providing safe 

autonomous shuttle bus services. The 

NUSmart Shuttle also made its debut 

at the Intelligent Transport System 

World Congress held in October 2019 by providing experiential 

rides to participating delegates.





JULY

MAY

JUNE

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

6


ComfortDelGro’s Social Enterprise, GobblerCo,  

to Offer More Job Opportunities to the Needy 

with New E-Concierge Service 

In August 2019, GobblerCo launched Get Genie, a 

new e-concierge service that enables companies to 

request for services in the areas of Catering, Cleaning, 

IT Equipment &amp; Services, Temporary Staffing and Office 

Repair &amp; Maintenance, thereby providing employment for 

persons with disabilities and low-income single parents.  

GobblerCo plans to expand the offerings to include 

Corporate Gifts and Stationery in the future.



ComfortDelGro Bus Launches 

Singapore’s First ‘Fully Predictive 

Anti-Collision’ Bus

Singapore’s first fully predictive anti-

collision buses hit the roads on 1 December 

2019. The Volvo B8R 49-seater buses are 

equipped with a Driver Support System 

that has a built-in Collision Warning &amp; 

Emergency Brake feature. The buses will 

brake automatically and come to a stop if 

they sense that a collision is about to take 

place, thereby enhancing the safety of our 

passengers and other road users.



DECEMBER

‘Wellbeing Bus’ to Help Improve Bus Drivers’ Health 

Launched in London

Designed to improve the health of bus drivers, the Wellbeing Bus is a 

collaborative project between Transport for London, Unite the Union, 

bus operators and Medigold Health. The bus carries occupational 

health technicians who provide professional health screenings and 

lifestyle advice for drivers and other employees - for free.



NOVEMBER

Bringing Community Together with MAGIC CARES Van

SBS Transit’s new community engagement project, Project MAGIC CARES Van, 

was officially launched on 10 October 2019. Project MAGIC CARES Van is the 

result of SBS Transit’s collaboration with social enterprise I’m Soul Inc. This 

project aims to bring the community together through music-making, enabled by 

Soundbeam technology. Converted from an existing SBS Transit’s van, the Magic 

CARES Van transports instruments and staff volunteers to the neighbourhoods 

to engage our community in music-making.



OCTOBER



AUGUST

7

Sustainability Report 2019


As a global mobility service provider, we move and connect people, create jobs, invest 

and innovate to remain relevant and to improve quality of life. Our sustainability approach 

is focussed on minimising impacts on the environment, ensuring road, passenger and 

workplace safety, and enhancing the well-being of our people and the community.

OUR APPROACH TO 

SUSTAINABILITY

BOARD STATEMENT 

ComfortDelGro is committed to safeguarding the interests of our Stakeholders for sustainable growth, at the highest 

governance level. Sustainability is a key pillar of the Group’s overall strategy and one that the Board pays close attention 

to. In particular, we consider Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) issues as part of our strategic formulation. Our 

global sustainability strategy focusses on three key areas: enabling an energy efficient transport system, enhancing the 

safety and well-being of the community and our people, and engraining a culture of innovation and strong governance.  

Being in the mobility business, we are cognisant that the delivery of our services has a direct impact on the environment. 

To this end, we have and continue to work closely with the Regulators, the vehicle manufacturers and our suppliers to 

reduce our overall carbon footprint. We are encouraged by the advancement of technology and are keeping close tabs on 

developments in the field of Green technology. We are already operating hybrid buses and taxis, and have been working 

with manufacturers and Regulators on electric vehicle (EV) trials. We believe that technological advancements will have a 

significant impact on the way we operate and our environmental footprint. 

Our people, and the people we serve, is another area of focus. From the health &amp; safety of our employees to the support 

for the socially disadvantaged, we are constantly looking at ways to improve. Our employees are committed to projects 

and activities that contribute to society and help protect the environment. ESG matters as determined by our Stakeholders 

and deemed to be material to value creation are integrated into our balanced scorecard, which is used to set objectives, 

drive behaviours, measure performance and determine remuneration. The Board reviews and approves these material issues 

and has tasked the Senior Management team with the management and monitoring of these issues.

Corporate governance is also something that the Board watches closely. As a company that conducts business on a global 

scale, we are committed to nurturing a corporate culture that encourages employees to act ethically and with a strong 

sense of mission in meeting the needs of customers and to ensuring transparent management and fair decision-making. 

In this regard, the adoption of the corporate auditor system has helped us increase the effectiveness of the auditing and 

monitoring functions fulfilled by Auditors. We enhanced the management oversight function of the Board of Directors by 

implementing appropriate measures such as reviewing the terms of reference of all Board Committees and building Board 

competence through relevant trainings and workshops.

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

8


ENHANCING THE SAFETY 

AND WELL-BEING OF THE 

COMMUNITY AND OUR PEOPLE

OUR SUSTAINABILITY FRAMEWORK

In 2019, we mapped the United Nation’s (UN) Sustainability Development Goals 

(SDGs) into our sustainability framework. We focus our framework on the 10 SDGs 

that are most relevant to our business. ComfortDelGro supports the achievement 

of these SDGs through the three key pillars: Enabling an Energy-efficient Transport 

System, Enhancing the Safety and Well-being of the Community and Our People, and 

Engraining a Culture of Innovation and Strong Governance. For each of these pillars, 

we set targets and commitments, and implement measures to contribute to the SDGs.

OUR 

SUSTAINABILITY 

FRAMEWORK

ENGRAINING A CULTURE OF INNOVATION 

AND STRONG GOVERNANCE

Governance 

Maintain strong and effective corporate 

governance, while fostering an ethical culture 

of conducting business with integrity

Innovation 

Enable transformation through 

experimentation, technology 

and partnerships

ENABLING AN ENERGY EFFICIENT 

TRANSPORT SYSTEM

Climate Change 

Reducing our Greenhouse Gas (GHG) 

emissions through improving energy 

efficiency and transiting to a Greener fleet

Affordable and Clean Energy

Increase the use of solar 

energy for cleaner power while 

reducing energy cost

Responsible Consumption

Manage our operations and  

facilities efficently to minimise 

the use of resources and waste

Health &amp; Safety

Make Health &amp; Safety an integral part 

of our business and culture – for our 

commuters and our people

Growing Our People

Empower and grow our people 

through engaging employment 

and lifelong learning

Sustaining Our Community

Contributing to the communities 

by providing safe, efficient and 

accessible mobility to all

9

Sustainability Report 2019


OUR SUSTAINABILITY 

PILLARS

TARGETS

OUR ACHIEVEMENTS IN 2019

Enabling an Energy Efficient Transport System

Climate Change

Take urgent action to 

combat climate change 

and its impacts

By 2023,

•	 Reduce GHG emissions 

intensity by 20% from 

2015 level

•	 100%	hybrid	vehicles	for	

taxi fleet 

•	 50%	of	all	office	

buildings in Singapore 

to be green building 

certified

By 2030,

•	 Reduce	GHG	emissions	

intensity by 50% from 

2015 level

•	 Increase	hybrids	for	all	

other vehicles

•	 100%	of	all	office	

buildings in Singapore 

to be green building 

certified

GHG Emission Intensity

We improved our GHG emission intensity by 5.0% in 2019, 

and are on track to achieve our 2023’s target. 

Greener Fleet

We are in the process of transiting our taxi fleet from diesel  

to hybrids. To-date, 39% of our Singapore taxi fleet is hybrids. 

In London, two of our Metroline bus routes are running on 

fully-electric buses. (See pg 24) 

Green Buildings &amp; Facilities

We improved our facilities to incorporate energy-saving 

designs and equipment. We will adhere to the Building 

and Construction Authority’s Green Mark guidelines while 

renovating our premises and progressively certifying our 

buildings and facilities. (See pg 25)

Affordable and  

Clean Energy

Ensure access to 

affordable, reliable, 

sustainable and modern 

energy for all

By 2023,

•	 Increase solar 

photovoltaic (PV)  

output to 4 MWP

By 2030,

•	 Increase	solar	PV	output	

to 8 MWP

Clean Energy Sources

We are increasing the use of solar energy in our facilities. 

In Singapore, our total solar PV output reached 1.85MWP 

in 2019. We have also installed the first commercial Direct 

Current fast charging station in Singapore to support the EV 

fleet. (See pg 24 &amp; 26)

Responsible Consumption 

and Production

Ensure sustainable 

consumption and 

production patterns

By 2023,

•	 All Singapore Business 

Units to be Eco Office 

Plus certified

By 2030,

•	 Promote	Green	

Corporate culture across 

Business Units in all 

countries

Reduce, Reuse &amp; Recycle (3Rs)

We manage our operations and facilities efficiently to 

minimise waste and actively promote the 3Rs. In 2019,  

we set up e-waste recycling facilities at several premises.  

(See pg 28 &amp; 29)

Green Corporate Culture

We actively promote a Green corporate culture  in 

ComfortDelGro and our people. In 2019, we further affirmed 

our commitment by achieving six Eco Office Plus awards.  

(See pg 26)

OUR SUSTAINABILITY FRAMEWORK

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

10


OUR SUSTAINABILITY 

PILLARS

TARGETS

OUR ACHIEVEMENTS IN 2019

Enhancing the Safety and Well-Being of the Community and Our People

Good Health &amp; Well-Being

Ensure healthy lives and 

promote well-being for all 

at all ages

•	 Zero	fatalities

•	 Injury	rates	below	

national averages in our 

locations of operation

Road Safety

Passenger safety is top priority in ComfortDelGro.  

We managed to reduce our road fatalities and passenger 

injuries in 2019. We will strive for zero road fatality in 2020. 

(See pg 32 &amp; 33)

Workplace Health &amp; Safety

Health &amp; safety is a critical element that is integrated into our 

culture and daily operations. We achieved zero workplace 

fatality in 2019 and managed to keep our injury rates below 

the national averages. (See pg 34 &amp; 35)

Quality Education

Ensure inclusive and 

equitable quality education 

and promote lifelong learning 

opportunities for all

•	 Invest	in	education	and	

training opportunities to 

develop our people 

•	 Promotes	digital	training	

across all Business Units

Employee Engagement

We put in place various programmes to build our talent pool. 

In 2019, we launched a series of leadership development 

programmes, partnered the National Taxi Association to 

provide digital training for our cabbies, and started training 

drivers to handle autonomous vehicles. (See pg 40 &amp; 41)

Gender Equality

Achieve gender equality and 

empower all women and girls

•	 Increase	female	

representation in the 

workplace

•	 Ensures	equitable	

remuneration structure 

based on work 

performance without 

gender bias

Diversity &amp; Equal Opportunity 

Workplace diversity is fundamental to professional and 

organisational development. Female representation in 

all our three Boards has exceeded the target established 

by the Council for Board Diversity. In the April 2019 

Workplace Equality Report by Equileap, the leading 

organisation providing data and insights on gender equality, 

ComfortDelGro is ranked 24th out of 100 leading companies 

for gender equality in the Asia Pacific region, and ranked first 

in the Industrial sector in this region. (See pg 39)

Decent Work &amp;  

Economic Growth

Promote sustained, 

inclusive and sustainable 

economic growth, full and 

productive employment 

and decent work for all

•	 Commits	to	the	key	

principles of fair 

employment practices

•	 Abide	by	labour	laws

Fair Employment

ComfortDelGro Group is a signatory in the Tripartite Alliance 

of Fair and Progressive Employment Practices (TAFEP). We 

adhere to the key principles of fair employment practices and 

abide by labour laws to provide a better workplace for all. We 

strongly subscribe to zero tolerance for discrimination and 

employees are selected based on merit. (See pg 39)

Sustainable Cities &amp; 

Communities

Make cities and human 

settlements inclusive, safe 

resilient and sustainable

•	 Continuous	

improvements in 

mobility and accessibility 

for the communities

Sustaining Our Community

We strive to contribute to the communities by providing safe, 

efficient and accessible mobility to all. In Singapore and UK, 

over 90% of our buses are wheelchair accessible. In 2019, 

our North East and Downtown Lines made improvements in 

reliability and both exceeded the 1 Million Mean Kilometres 

Between Failure (MKBF) target. (See pg 42 &amp; 43)

11

Sustainability Report 2019


OUR SUSTAINABILITY 

PILLARS

TARGETS

OUR ACHIEVEMENTS IN 2019

Enabling an Energy Efficient Transport System

Peace, Justice &amp;  

Strong Institutions

Promote peaceful and 

inclusive societies for 

sustainable development 

provide access to justice 

for all and build effective, 

accountable and inclusive 

institutions at all levels

•	 Zero	cases	of	corruption	

and fraud

Sustainability &amp; Risk Governance 

To further strengthen our corporate governance and risk 

management, a Group-level Enterprise Risk Management 

(ERM) review was undertaken in 2019. We also put in place a 

governance structure for personal data protection.  

There is no corruption or fraud incident reported in 2019.  

(See pg 49)

Industry, Innovation &amp; 

Infrastructure

Build resilient infrastructure, 

promote inclusive and 

sustainable industrialization 

and foster innovation

•	 Invest in new 

technologies to benefit 

the industry and 

communities

•	 Drives	innovation	and	

change initiatives

•	 Embeds	principles	

and mind-set of 

transformation office 

among Stakeholders

Innovation &amp; Transformation

The Group Transformation Office continued to undertake 

various transformation and experimentation initiatives, 

including the NUSmart Shuttle and on-demand bus 

trials. Through its US$100 million venture capital fund, 

ComfortDelGro also invested in several mobility-related 

start-ups. Together with the Land Transport Authority and 

another public transport operator, ComfortDelGro organised 

the Singapore Mobility Challenge to source for ideas or 

technology that could benefit the public transport industry  

or commuters. (See pg 20 &amp; 21)

OUR SUSTAINABILITY FRAMEWORK

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

12


We started our sustainability reporting journey in 2015 with an 

in-depth materiality assessment. The assessment was based 

on international best practice, integrating the principles of 

Stakeholder Inclusivity and Sustainability Context. This would 

enable us to focus on matters that impact business growth and 

are of importance to our Stakeholders, in the wider context 

of sustainability. 

The first phase of the assessment included an initial identification 

and prioritisation of ESG topics using the internationally accepted 

AccountAbility 5-Part Materiality Test model, as part of the AA1000 

Standard. Using the model, we considered regulatory and non-

regulatory norms, stakeholder behaviour and concerns, our core 

business policies and values, short-term financial impacts and 

business peer-based norms to identify issues that are most relevant  

to ComfortDelGro.

The second phase of the assessment involved ComfortDelGro’s 

Senior Management and External Stakeholders prioritising 

and validating the identified issues. The final list of issues 

that are deemed as material to us are the issues that have 

significant economic, environmental, and social impacts, or 

could substantively influence the assessments and decisions 

of our Stakeholders.

In 2019, we reviewed the issues internally and have deemed 

that they remain relevant to our business and Stakeholders. 

The table below shows our material issues of high and medium 

priority levels.

The materiality process guides ComfortDelGro in focussing on the most important 

issues for long-term value creation. This report hones in on topics which have been 

deemed as material to ComfortDelGro’s businesses and key Stakeholders, based on 

the economic, environmental and social impact caused by our business activities.

MATERIALITY

ComfortDelGro’s Material Issues

LEVEL: HIGH

Anti-Corruption (I&amp;E) 

Economic Performance (I&amp;E) 

Energy Efficiency, Air Emissions (I&amp;E) 

Health &amp; Safety (I&amp;E) 

Labour-Management Relations, Employee Engagement (I) 

Non-Discrimination (I&amp;E) 

Public Policy and Regulatory Framework (I&amp;E)

LEVEL: MEDIUM

Accessibility (E) 

Diversity (I&amp;E) 

Employee Training (I) 

Local Communities (E) 

Waste Management (I&amp;E) 

Water Consumption (I&amp;E)

Topic boundaries, in terms of whether impacts are relevant to internal or external Stakeholders, were considered during the materiality assessment. 

(I = Relevant to internal Stakeholders, E = Relevant to external Stakeholders)

13

Sustainability Report 2019


A robust governance framework is critical for effective management of economic, 

environmental and social risks, and opportunities, and also the long-term success 

of the organisation.

SUSTAINABILITY AND RISK GOVERNANCE 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY



ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

14


Sustainability Governance Structure 

Led by our Chairman Mr Lim Jit Poh, the Board of Directors 

champions and provides oversight on ComfortDelGro’s 

sustainability effort. ESG matters are deliberated by the Board 

of Directors every half-yearly at the tabling of the six-monthly 

progress report. 

In 2019, we saw the appointment of Ms Jessica Cheam to our 

Board, which reflects our resolve to take sustainability issues 

seriously and to build a sustainable enterprise. Ms Cheam, with 

her experience as the Managing Editor of sustainability media 

platform Eco-Business and a strong advocate for climate action, 

is in a favourable position to engage the Board on ESG matters 

that ComfortDelGro faces. Increasing the Board’s fluency in 

ESG risks and opportunities enables the Group to effectively 

move towards a business strategy that goes beyond short-term 

financial motives.

The Sustainability Steering Committee, chaired by our MD/Group 

CEO Mr Yang Ban Seng, and comprising key members of the 

Senior Management, reviews ComfortDelGro’s sustainability 

performance and reports performance against targets to the 

Board. The Steering Committee plays a key role in driving the 

Group’s sustainability ambitions, spearheaded by our Group Chief 

Risk &amp; Sustainability Officer Mr Jackson Chia, who is assisted 

by the ESG Working Groups. Each working group convenes 

bi-monthly to review the progress and discuss how the Group 

and its Business Units can better implement initiatives and 

contribute to the ESG efforts. 

Building Sustainability Competence 

On 17 October 2019, our Board of Directors and Senior 

Management from Singapore and overseas underwent training 

on sustainability to keep abreast of arising sustainability-related 

risks and opportunities, and to build sustainability thinking into 

day-to-day work. Engagements like these, conducted by Paia 

Consulting with inputs from the Investment Stewardship Team 

at BlackRock, help to ensure that our sustainability strategy, 

targets and initiatives are communicated and shared, and that 

all Board members and Senior Management understand the 

role they play in helping to achieve our sustainability goals.  

In 2019, we further strengthened our sustainability commitment 

and direction with the setting of targets and mission statements 

for each of our material topic.

Corporate Governance and Risk

As part of our wider governance framework, we aligned our 

governance policies and practices with the principles and 

guidelines set out in the Code of Corporate Governance issued 

by the Monetary Authority of Singapore on 6 August 2018.  

We also have in place a robust Enterprise Risk Management 

Risk Framework which enables our Group and Business Units 

to understand the nature and complexity of the risks involved 

in the operations and provides a systematic process to identify 

and review the risks and prioritise resources to manage them.

We continue to adopt the precautionary principle in our risk-

based approach. We are a signatory of the UN Global Compact 

and are committed to the 10 principles on Human Rights, 

Labour, Environment and Anti-corruption. More information 

on our corporate governance and risk management can be 

found on pages 59 to 74 and 78 to 80 in the ComfortDelGro 

Annual Report 2019.



SOCIAL 

WORKING 

GROUP

ENVIRONMENTAL 

WORKING 

GROUP

GOVERNANCE 

WORKING 

GROUP

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

GROUP CHIEF RISK &amp; 

SUSTAINABILITY OFFICER

SUSTAINABILITY STEERING 

COMMITTEE

(CHAIRED BY MD/GROUP CEO)

15

Sustainability Report 2019






Safety, accessibility and the overall 

service experience are the top areas of 

concern amongst customers. In 2019, 

we commissioned our User Experience 

(UX) Labs to conduct usability tests 

of our taxi booking app – the first-

ever across the Group and for a taxi 

company in Singapore. 

We conduct outreach programmes 

where new and existing customers 

are invited to visit our operations. 

We also reach out to customers 

through information counters,  

hotlines, as well as monthly 

Meet-the-Managers sessions. We 

collect customer feedback via  

questionnaires, online feedback  

forms and our service hotlines. 

We also look at feedback from the 

annual Public Transport Customer 

Satisfaction Survey, conducted by 

the Public Transport Council. In 

2019, 99.4% of commuters surveyed 

perceived that overall quality of  

public transport services had improved  

from the year before.

We are committed to disseminating 

accurate and pertinent information to 

the market in a timely manner as part 

of good corporate governance. During 

the year, the Investor Relations team 

met 305 groups of fund managers, 

analysts and equity sales personnel 

over 130 meetings. Key concerns 

discussed included the Group’s share 

price, competition in the Australia, 

China and Singapore taxi markets, 

the economic impacts of Brexit and 

the United Kingdom Government’s 

spending on transport infrastructure. 

In 2019, we had 68 face-to-face 

office meetings and conference calls 

with the media and sell-side analysts. 

We also participated in nine investor 

conferences and non-deal roadshows, 

which provide direct access to new 

and existing institutional investors 

from around the world.

CUSTOMERS

SHAREHOLDERS

OUR STAKEHOLDERS

ComfortDelGro’s approach 

to sustainability is 

firmly supported by our 

commitment to create  

long-term sustainable 

value for our Stakeholders, 

who are identified through 

our Risk Management 

process. Key Stakeholders, 

such as our Customers, 

Shareholders, Employees, 

Partners and Regulators,  

are groups that can 

significantly impact or be 

impacted by our operations. 

ComfortDelGro utilises 

various channels to regularly 

and actively engage our key 

Stakeholders. Sustainability 

topics have been discussed 

more frequently with 

increased awareness among 

our Stakeholders.

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

16




Employee engagement is a critical 

aspect of our human resource 

management. We conduct regular 

employee engagement programmes 

through seminars, training courses, 

quarterly newsletters and weekly 

dialogue sessions to address key 

topics of concerns including training 

and remuneration. We also organise 

events for team bonding, well-being 

and community giving.

In 2019, we launched a series of 

leadership development programmes 

catered to the specific needs of different 

employee groups, to encourage 

critical thinking, innovation and team 

spirit. Additionally, we conducted a 

sustainability workshop in October 

for key individuals from our Singapore 

Business Units, to increase their 

awareness of the latest sustainability 

trends, affirm their roles in contributing 

to our sustainability goals, and  

encourage them to incorporate 

sustainability in their day-to-day work.

As the provision of public land transport 

services is highly regulated, the Group, 

through our various Business Units, 

holds regular weekly dialogue sessions 

with the various Regulators including 

the Land Transport Authority, the SGX, 

the National Environment Agency and 

the Ministry of Manpower.

A range of topics are discussed at such 

meetings, including upcoming trends 

and technologies, safety, competition, 

environmental and accessibility issues. 

Where Regulators seek consultation 

in reviewing existing and emerging 

policies, we are responsive and strive 

to provide constructive feedback.

We work closely with our Partners 

and Suppliers to ensure the smooth 

delivery of our services and to achieve 

our sustainability goals. ComfortDelGro 

Taxi and ComfortDelGro Engineering 

are actively partnering with EV original 

equipment manufacturers and charging 

station manufacturers to experiment 

different models of EVs.

Our procurement policy includes a 

supplier assessment to ensure there 

is no adverse impact on society and 

the environment. We also manage 

our Suppliers carefully to ensure fair 

opportunity and responsible practices 

and strict adherence to anti-corruption 

policies. More information can be 

found in the next chapter. 

EMPLOYEES

REGULATORS

PARTNERS AND SUPPLIERS

17

Sustainability Report 2019




We are committed to achieving service excellence. Each year, our employees do 

us proud when they receive prestigious external awards in recognition of their 

exemplary service. 

In 2019, we had 175 staff who were recipients of the National Kindness Award-Transport 

Gold; and five staff who were recipients of the Land Transport Excellence Award- 

Outstanding Service Individuals (Public Transport). Across the Group, we also had a 

total of 2,072 staff who received the Excellent Service Award.

National Kindness Award-Transport Gold 

This national award recognises frontline staff in the transport industry who have 

displayed exemplary service and gracious behaviour during their course of work.  

It aims to inspire the recipients to continue to shine and influence their colleagues in 

contributing towards a more pleasant and gracious society. From SBS Transit, there 

were 118 recipients, with three Bus Operations and three Rail Operations staff being 

conferred the Outstanding Award. From ComfortDelGro Engineering, there were  

17 recipients with two staff being conferred the Outstanding Award. There were 

also thirty-three recipients from ComfortDelGro Taxi and seven recipients from 

ComfortDelGro Bus.

We are proud to be recognised for our 

efforts to be transparent, accountable 

and engaging with our shareholders and 

investors.

At the Singapore Corporate Awards 2019, 

the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of VICOM 

won the Best CFO Award in the Mid-cap 

category.

At the 20th Securities Investors Association 

(Singapore) Investors’ Choice Awards 2019, 

VICOM was the winner of  the Singapore 

Corporate Governance Award, Mid-cap 

category, runner-up for the Shareholder 

Communications Excellence Award, 

Mid-cap category and runner-up for 

the Most Transparent Company Award, 

Consumer Discretionary Services category.  

SBS Transit was also the runner-up for 

the Most Transparent Company Award, 

Consumer Discretionary Services category.

PROVIDING EXCELLENT SERVICE 

TO OUR CUSTOMERS

PRACTISING 

TRANSPARENCY AND 

ACCOUNTABILITY

OUR STAKEHOLDERS

Land Transport Excellence Award-Outstanding Service Individuals (Public Transport)

This national award recognises individuals who have played important roles in 

developing a people-centred, efficient, innovative and sustainable land transport 

system. Four Bus Operations staff and one Rail Operations staff from SBS Transit 

were conferred the award. 

Excellent Service Award

This award recognises individuals who have gone beyond the call of duty in delivering 

exceptional service. It seeks to develop service models for staff to emulate and create 

service champions. The total number of winners from our Business Units are as follows:

STAR

GOLD

SILVER

TOTAL

SBS Transit

438

496

1,055

1,989

ComfortDelGro 

Engineering

0

34

16

50

ComfortDelGro Taxi 

9

3

21

33

TOTAL 

RECIPIENTS

OUTSTANDING 

AWARDS

SBS Transit

118

6

ComfortDelGro Engineering

17

2

ComfortDelGro Taxi

33

5

ComfortDelGro Bus

7

-

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

18




We work closely with our suppliers to maintain high standards of operation. 

We uphold fairness and respect in our relationships with our suppliers, pay 

our bills on time, and are transparent in all contracts and negotiations.

Purchases from Our Suppliers

The bulk of our purchases consist of energy and direct material &amp; services for the 

operation and maintenance of our fleets. In 2019, we purchased over 1,500 hybrid 

taxis and fully-electric taxis. About 90% of our spend is with 45 suppliers, of which 22 

of them have worked with us for more than five years. We have long-term contracts 

of three years or more with 203 suppliers.

Supplier Selection

We select our suppliers using a multi-criteria weighted matrix, with each criterion 

assigned a weightage according to its relative importance. Criteria used include the 

supplier’s technical capabilities, service quality, supply assurance, environmental 

responsibility, safety records, financial stability and cost competitiveness. Suppliers 

are also made aware of our Supplier Ethics Policy in every tender document, which 

outlines our expectations on fair practice, ethical conduct, social and environmental 

responsibility. We refrain from working with suppliers if they cannot comply with our 

Policy, and have implemented measures to mitigate supply chain risks in the areas of 

Fraud and Corruption, Supply, Legal, Price, Environmental, and Health &amp; Safety. Read 

more about our Supplier Ethics Policy in Annex A.

Supplier Performance Management

We conduct Supplier Performance Management exercises regularly to assess our 

suppliers’ performance against market norms and the expectations agreed upon 

in our contracts. Key suppliers are appraised on their cost management, safety and 

service standards. These contribute to our risk mitigation efforts, allowing us to 

accurately uncover the root causes of potential problems and resolve them as quickly 

as possible. Moving forward, we plan to further integrate ESG criteria into the supplier 

performance scoring system.  

As part of our digitalisation efforts, our new procurement software, ComPASS 

(ComfortDelGro Procurement, Analytics, Sourcing and Supplier) will be introduced 

in 2020 for Singapore and be extended to other locations of operation in the coming 

years. The electronic spend management system will drive end-to-end procurement 

processes, which cover supplier onboarding, sourcing, contract management, procure-

to-pay and spend analysis functions. ComPASS will enable a more robust supplier 

governance, and will help us work more closely with suppliers to improve processes 

and ensure compliance with environmental and safety regulations.

Overview of the Supplier 

Performance Scoring System

PROCUREMENT (30%) 

Assessed by Procurement

QUALITY (25%) 

Assessed by Contract Owner

LOGISTICS (25%) 

Assessed by Supplies &amp; Logistics

TECHNOLOGY (10%) 

Assessed by Contract Owner

SUPPLY SECURITY (10%) 

Assessed by Finance &amp; Supplier

Type of Suppliers by  

Purchase Value

MANAGING OUR SUPPLY CHAIN 

Energy 

43%

(E.g. 

Electricity, 

Diesel)

Direct Material  

&amp; Services 

23%

(E.g. Automotive 

parts, Consumables 

and Vehicle 

Maintenance 

Services)

Indirect Material 

&amp; Services 

15%

(E.g. Facility 

Management, 

IT, Operating 

Supplies)

Assets  

19%

(E.g. Facility 

Management, 

IT, Operating 

Supplies)

19

Sustainability Report 2019


ECONOMIC

ComfortDelGro is guided by the principle of creating long-term economic growth without 

negatively impacting environmental, social and safety aspects of the community and our 

people. We identify new areas of synergy and opportunities such as artificial intelligence 

(AI) and autonomous driving to transform and enhance our transport system. In 2019, 

the ComfortDelGro Group made its foray into high-tech ventures to leverage on new 

innovation and technologies to further strengthen its business operations.

Why This Issue Is Material

ComfortDelGro as one of the largest land transport companies 

in the world with a global workforce, a global shareholder 

base and a global outlook, has significant economic impacts 

throughout the societies in which we operate across our entire 

value chain. We look beyond short-term profits and are focussed 

on generating positive change and value to the economy and 

our Stakeholders for the long-term. 

How We Manage This Issue

We believe that good corporate governance policies and sound risk 

management are key drivers to the Group’s long-term economic 

growth. We are also increasingly integrating Environmental, Social 

and Governance (ESG) matters in our business decisions, and 

approaching business risks and opportunities more innovatively.

Key Financial Highlights

Year

2017

2018

2019

Revenue (S$’m)

3,576.4

3,805.2

3,905.7

Operating Profit (S$’m)

409.2

438.8

415.8

Profit Attributable to Shareholders (S$’m)

301.5

303.3

265.1

EBITDA

818.0

832.0

868.8

Earnings per share (cents)

13.95

14.01

12.24

Group Performance Summary

In 2019, the ComfortDelGro Group achieved a 2.6% growth 

in revenue to S$3.9 billion, registering a Profit Attributable to 

Shareholders of S$265.1 million and Earnings before interest, 

tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) of S$868.8 million. 

Lower contributions from its Singapore business, higher costs 

and the impact of unfavourable foreign exchange pulled the 

Group’s 2019 net earnings 12.6% lower to S$265.1 million. 

Profitability, however, remains sound, with EBITDA rising to 

22.2% of the Group’s Revenue, from 21.9% in 2018.

The Group continued to grow its public transport business 

segment, which is the main source of the Group’s operating 

cashflows, recording a 6.2% growth in full revenue in 2019. 

Operating profit for the taxi business decreased by about 19.5% 

to S$104.2 million due to a reduction in its operating fleet. In 

the absence of the one-off net gain on the surrender of lease 

of property at Teban Gardens in Singapore in 2018, operating 

profit for inspect and testing services also dropped by 23.1% to 

S$30.6 million in 2019.

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

20


The detailed breakdown of the Group’s 2019 financial results, 

financial highlights and value-added statement can be found 

in the ComfortDelGro Annual Report 2019, Group Financial 

Highlights, pages 13 to 15.

Sustainable Finance

We see sustainable finance as a growing opportunity to improve 

the Group’s overall financial resilience and flexibility in its funding 

strategy. The Group’s Australian subsidiary secured an A$25 

million (S$23.1 million) green loan from OCBC Bank to finance 

its hybrid bus fleet in Victoria. The loan was structured according 

to the green loan principles issued in 2018 by the Loan Market 

Association and Asia Pacific Loan Market Association. Proceeds 

from the green loan will be used to purchase 50 hybrid buses. 

Delivery has since begun, with the last batch of buses to be 

delivered in mid-2022. The ComfortDelGro Group is Singapore’s 

first land transport operator to adopt a green loan, which further 

affirms our commitment to Sustainability.

Innovation

Driven by the market needs to innovate and transform, the 

ComfortDelGro Group established Fringe Enable Pte Ltd in 2019 

as a corporate spinoff, set up to act as a catalyst of disruption for 

the Group to venture into high tech ventures and new business 

models. The Group Transformation Office has also launched 

several initiatives in 2019 to drive change in the mobility market, 

and the Singapore Mobility Challenge was one of them. The 

Singapore Mobility Challenge is an open innovation initiative 

for ideas or technology to address operational level challenges, 

co-organised by the Land Transport Authority of Singapore (LTA), 

SBS Transit and the SMRT Corporation. Other digitalisation plans 

have also been implemented in various Business Units across 

the Group to improve efficiency and productivity.

Three strategic investments were made in 2019 by the Group 

through its US$100 million (S$137 million) corporate venture 

capital fund, ComfortDelGro Ventures. The invested start-ups are 

in the areas of on-demand bus technology, fleet management 

and autonomous vehicle safety testing. Together, these will bring 

about new opportunities for our current business. 

In 2019, the ComfortDelGro Group also began autonomous 

vehicle (AV) trials with the NUSmart Shuttle at the National 

University of Singapore’s Kent Ridge campus in July. The fully 

autonomous	NUSmart	Shuttle,	an	EasyMile	EZ10	autonomous	

shuttle, runs entirely on electricity and carries up to 12 people. 

It is equipped with a full range of sensors to detect and avoid 

potential obstacles and relies on its own internal array of software 

and hardware technologies for its navigation on the roads, 

without any assistance from external infrastructure. The 1.6km 

service, which is free to all commuters, operates on weekdays 

at 20-minute intervals at least six times a day. 

Economic Value Retained:

Economic Value Distributed

Direct Economic Value Generated - Revenue

S$3,905.7m

OPERATING COSTS 

S$1,657.9m

Includes fuel and 

electricity costs,  

materials costs, contract 

services and other 

operating costs

EMPLOYEES 

S$1,726.2m

Includes salaries and 

other staff costs

SUPPLIERS  

OF CAPITAL

S$295.5m

Includes dividends and 

loan interests

TAXATION TO 

GOVERNMENT 

S$193.0m

COMMUNITY 

INVESTMENTS

S$1.2m

S$31.9m

Economic Value Retained By ComfortDelGro

We distributed around 99.2% of economic value generated to our suppliers, employees, governments and the community. 

Economic value retained in 2019 was S$31.9 million.

21

Sustainability Report 2019




ENVIRONMENTAL

The ComfortDelGro Group of Companies aims to minimise the impact of its activities 

on the environment by ensuring continuous improvement in environmental 

performance whilst bearing in mind prevailing technical and operational constraints.

2019 Highlights:

hybrids and 288 

electric vehicles (EVs) 

across Singapore, the 

United Kingdom (UK), 

Australia and China 

5,124

A total of

of electricity generated 

by solar energy from 

grid-connected solar 

photovoltaic (PV) roofs 

in Singapore

~2,025,750 

kWh

Greenhouse Gas 

Emission Intensity

303 

TONNES 

CO2E

per S$m revenue

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

22




In the age of climate crisis, there is an urgent need to innovate and strive towards 

adopting cleaner and more energy efficient systems. We have set targets to 

reduce our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions through improving energy efficiency, 

transiting to a Greener fleet and increasing the use of renewables.

ENERGY EFFICIENCY

Why This Issue Is Material

The transport sector is the fastest growing contributor to climate 

emissions, accounting for nearly one-third of the world’s energy 

demand and more than 20% of its carbon emissions globally. 

As a global land transport company, energy efficiency is critical 

given the amount of time our vehicles spend on the road. Most 

of our taxis, for example, run practically non-stop as the bulk of 

them operate on dual shifts. There are hence opportunities for 

us to play a part in the fight against climate change. 

Operating in seven countries with fleets of buses, taxis and rail, 

maximising fuel efficiency and investing in innovative solutions 

enable ComfortDelGro to contribute to climate mitigation by 

reducing our GHG emissions and providing cleaner transportation. 

Beyond the efficiency of our fleet, the quality and reliability 

of our services can significantly impact the energy efficiency 

of commutes. By improving the reliability of public transport 

services, commuters are motivated to use public transport 

rather than private vehicles which are typically more energy 

intensive, thus promoting more environmentally friendly travel 

among city dwellers. 

How We Manage This Issue

ComfortDelGro has always been among the first adopters of the 

Government’s policies in deploying suitable vehicles for service 

in support of the environment. We have started phasing out our 

diesel fleet globally and converted our fleets to hybrid or EVs. 

For our existing diesel fleet, we ensure that they meet the 

latest standards (Euro 5 or higher), which produce lower levels 

of harmful exhaust emissions such as nitrogen oxide, carbon 

monoxide, hydrocarbons and particulate matter. By reducing 

these pollutants, we can also improve fuel economy and reduce 

carbon emissions.

We also work hand in hand with our vehicle manufacturers and 

fuel suppliers, providing them with valuable feedback about 

the engineering performance of prototype vehicles and fuel 

technologies.

By increasing our energy efficiency and the use of cleaner energy, 

we aim to reduce our 2023 GHG emission intensity by 20% from 

the 2015 levels and halve our GHG emission intensity by 2030.



23

Sustainability Report 2019


ENVIRONMENTAL

as overnight charging at Swan Taxis’ depot. To ensure it is as 

eco-friendly as possible, the electricity used to run the EV Cabs 

are offset by purchasing green energy from local energy retailer, 

Synergy. Green energy by Synergy is derived from renewable 

sources such as wind turbines rather than non-renewable sources 

such as brown coal. While it is currently cost prohibitive to install 

charging infrastructure just for the two EV Cabs, this may be an 

option in the future if the trial is successful and ComfortDelGro 

introduces more EVs on the roads. Swan Taxis’ switch to zero 

emissions vehicles like the EV Cabs could create a significant 

positive impact for the Perth community.

In the UK, Metroline is keeping in line with its philosophy to 

maintain a young, environmentally friendly fleet. Hybrid buses 

make up more than 45% of its fleet of close to 1,600 buses. After 

launching the world’s first all-electric, zero-emission double 

deck bus in London in 2018, Metroline has now added on  

23 fully-electric single deck buses on Route 46 and has 

commenced operation of fully-electric double deck buses 

on Route 43 at Holloway garage and Route 134 at Potters Bar 

garage. The buses have a daily mileage range in excess of 200 

miles on a single charge. They are only recharged at night when 

local demand for electricity is at its lowest, thus using cost-

effective off-peak electricity. Commuters were impressed by 

the environmental credentials of the bus and commented on 

the smooth and comfortable journey that the service provides. 

Together, Routes 43 and 134 carry around 18.5 million people 

across the city annually. The new buses demonstrate Metroline’s 

continued investment and commitment to lead the industry and 

provide cleaner air for Londoners. Moving forward, Metroline 

will be conducting trials for vehicles using cleaner energy, 

such as hydrogen fuel vehicles. Hydrogen fuel bus trials will 

commence in 2020.

In China, we invested in dual-fuelled taxis that run on both CNG 

and petrol. Over 40% of the fleet in China are environmentally 

friendly CNG vehicles. Nanjing ComfortDelGro Dajian Taxi  

operates a total of 664 CNG-driven taxis while Chengdu 

ComfortDelGro Taxi operates a total of 600 CNG-driven taxis.

As at December 2017

As at December 2018

As at December 2019

Singapore

9.4% hybrid taxis

16.5% hybrid taxis

39% hybrid/electric taxis 

UK &amp; Ireland

20.0% hybrid buses

20.0% hybrid buses

45% hybrid/electric buses

Australia

41% hybrid taxis

52% hybrid taxis

55% hybrid/electric taxis

Group Performance Summary

Towards A Greener Fleet

The transport industry is exhibiting a significant trend towards 

cleaner, less polluting vehicles. In Singapore, we expect to 

phase out diesel in our taxi operations by 2023. To-date, we 

have replaced 39% of our Singapore taxi fleet with hybrids and 

aim to replace 50% of our fleet by 2020. 

We have also been working to increase the number of green 

buses on the roads. SBS Transit, our listed subsidiary and a major 

public bus operator in Singapore, has 3,471 buses in its fleet as 

of 2019, of which 78% are Euro 5-compliant or better. This is 

an increase of 244 higher standard buses or 11% compared to 

the previous year. In 2018, SBS Transit received 25 of 50 Volvo 

B5LH diesel hybrid buses (DHBs) that were procured by the 

Land Transport Authority (LTA) for fleet trials. These DHBs have 

low emission levels and have also reduced operations and 

maintenance costs by up to 23%. The trials have completed 

and these DHBs have been deployed across three different bus 

services. In 2020, SBS Transit plans to start EV trials.

We continue to support EVs with our Direct Current (DC) fast 

charging station, operated by ComfortDelGro Engineering. When 

ComfortDelGro Taxi expanded its EV trial in January 2019 with 

the launch of the Hyundai long-range Kona taxi, the DC fast 

charging station in Braddell was made available 24 hours a day to 

cabbies trialling the new taxis. The Hyundai Kona electric taxi has 

twice the power of the battery of the fully-electric Hyundai Ioniq, 

which is part of the Group’s ongoing trial. With DC charging, the 

Hyundai Kona electric taxi charges up in just over an hour and 

can travel up to 350km when fully charged. It is also equipped 

with active safety driving assistance technologies such as Blind 

Spot Warning and Rear Cross Traffic Collision Warning, as well 

as a regenerative braking system. 

In Australia, ComfortDelGro Corporation (CDC) Australia 

succeeded in its endeavour to introduce the largest hybrid bus 

fleet in Melbourne. As part of its deliverables under the new 

metropolitan bus contract, 50 of its diesel buses were replaced 

with Volvo Euro 6 hybrid vehicles. Swan Taxis also became the 

first in Perth to trial fully-electric taxis in 2019. Branded the EV 

Cabs, these taxis make use of the local DC fast charger as well 

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

24


Towards Energy Efficiency

Energy efficiency creates value for many Stakeholders: it 

combats climate change, is less pollutive, increases business 

competitiveness and reduces costs to users. We are constantly 

finding new ways to achieve maximum utilisation with minimum 

consumption. 

The bulk of our electricity consumption comes from our train 

operations, depots and workshops. Energy-efficient designs 

include regenerative brakes that reduce wear and tear on 

mechanical brakes and store kinetic energy, which have helped 

SBS Transit’s trains on the Downtown Line (DTL) save enough 

energy to power an equivalent of 370 Housing &amp; Development 

Board (HDB) five-room flats a year. 

In addition, we have installed energy-efficient Light Emitting Diode 

(LED) and fluorescent light fittings within our train stations, and 

employ natural lighting at station entrances wherever possible. 

Escalators in the new stations have energy-saving features, such 

as reducing the speed of the escalators when they are not in 

use. The air-conditioning system has carbon dioxide sensors to 

regulate the outdoor air supply to the stations to reduce energy 

consumption whilst making the air safe and comfortable for 

our passengers.

Fuel efficiency can also be achieved through changes in driving 

behaviour. We believe in incorporating an environmentally 

responsible culture within our organisation, and train our 

drivers to adopt driving patterns that can reduce the average 

fuel consumption by as much as 15% a year, which in turn cuts 

carbon dioxide emissions by more than half a tonne. These 

include proper acceleration and braking techniques, as well as 

other environmentally conscious actions such as switching the 

engine off when stationary, filling up to three-quarter tank and 

decluttering the vehicle to lighten the load. 

In 2019, we expanded our driver training from the UK and 

Australia to also cover Singapore. As such, SBS Transit’s bus 

captains have now received training on how to drive efficiently.

In addition to greening our fleet, we continuously renovate 

our facilities and buildings to improve their energy efficiency 

based on the Building Construction Authority’s (BCA) Green 

Mark guidelines. Our Singapore Head Office was retrofitted 

in 2019 with a more energy efficient air-conditioning system 

which will save up to 20% of electricity annually. We have also 

fitted LED lightings for 90% of our Head Office. About 50% of 

our buildings in Singapore will be Green Mark certified by 2023, 

and 100% by 2030.

We have also developed an Energy Policy and Management Plan 

and a Green User Building Guide in 2019 for our Business Units 

to better manage the energy consumption of their buildings 

and facilities.

Group Performance Summary

Fuel Consumption1

Fuel Consumption (litres)

2017

2018

2019

Diesel Consumption

ComfortDelGro Group

356,181,003

350,149,279

331,207,249 

SBS Transit

138,277,124

147,958,599

152,176,790

VICOM

94,216

133,077

118,435

Petrol Consumption

ComfortDelGro Group

3,277,544

9,178,890

20,569,8692

SBS Transit

17,524

15,643

3,145

1    Fuel consumption for the ComfortDelGro Group includes Singapore, Australia, China and the UK excluding CNG gas consumption.

2    Increase in petrol consumption as more taxi fleet are converted to petrol-electric hybrids instead of diesel.

3    Electricity consumption for the ComfortDelGro Group includes Singapore, Australia, China and the UK.

Electricity Consumption (kWh)

2017

2018

2019

ComfortDelGro Group

401,904,408

481,170,994

490,098,944 

SBS Transit

366,492,666

447,333,433

452,960,274

VICOM

5,388,303

5,091,584

5,339,581

Electricity Consumption3

25

Sustainability Report 2019


ENVIRONMENTAL

Increasing the Use of Renewable Energy

We are implementing solar solutions for our facilities, and 

exploring clean energy transport and infrastructure solutions. 

In Singapore, we are engaging Partners to install more solar 

panels on our premises. SBS Transit’s Ulu Pandan Bus Depot, 

which houses 470 buses, has more than 2,000 solar panels 

generating about 2,500kWh of electricity per day. The Depot 

consumes about 70% of the solar energy and the remaining 30% 

is sold back to the power grid, with the proceeds translating to a 

net saving of about 30% in electricity costs. The solar panels in 

SBS Transit’s Gali Batu Depot for DTL are able to generate about 

1,150 MWh of energy per year, which is used to offset the power 

consumption of the depot. On top of existing solar panels, we 

installed a further 480 solar panels at Yio Chu Kang Interchange 

in 2019, which generate 450kWh of electricity a day. In total, 

the solar power generated from our three locations is enough 

to power an equivalent of 496 HDB four-room flats a year.

We will continue to implement grid-connected solar PV solutions 

for our facilities, including additional panels at the SBS Transit 

DTL depots, VICOM and some of our engineering workshops.

As at 

December 

2017

As at 

December 

2018

As at 

December 

2019

Singapore

1,150 MWh

1,990  MWh

2,026 MWh 

Group Performance Summary

Electricity Generated by Solar Energy from Grid-Connected Solar 

PV Roof

GHG Emission Intensity by Entity4 

(tonnes CO2e/S$m revenue)

2017

2018

2019

ComfortDelGro Group

333

319

303 

SBS Transit

440

422

413

VICOM

26

25

25

GHG Emission Intensity by Geographical 

Segment (tonnes CO2e/S$m revenue)

2017

2018

2019

Singapore 

466

426

399 

UK &amp; Ireland

167

152

147

Australia

7

135

1765

Promoting A Green Culture

We believe that promoting an environmentally responsible culture 

among our staff is instrumental to influencing environmental 

thinking and behaviour. To demonstrate our commitment, 

we have been participating in the Singapore Environmental 

Council’s Project: Eco-Office since 2009 to cut down on the 

day-to-day usage of electricity, water and paper. Additionally, 

ComfortDelGro Engineering sent members of its Eco Committee 

for the Eco Ambassador Training to equip staff with the ability 

to raise awareness and cultivate environmentally friendly habits 

in the workplace.

Within the organisation, we conduct training on sustainability 

for our employees. In 2019, our employees attended a 

workshop to deepen their understanding of Environmental, 

Social and Governance matters in ComfortDelGro’s business 

operations and understand the role they play in helping 

achieve our sustainability goals. Additionally, we communicate 

ComfortDelGro’s sustainability strategy, targets and initiatives 

to all new employees as part of their new hire orientation, 

ensuring that all employees who join the Group are aware of 

the centrality of sustainability to our operations. 

Externally, we actively participate in local and international initiatives 

to support environmental causes and build a resilient culture in 

the face of climate change. In Singapore, as a campaign partner 

of National Environment Agency’s (NEA) ‘Say YES to Waste Less’ 

campaign, we encouraged our employees to participate in NEA’s 

Reusable Orchestra music video. Since July 2019, we no longer 

provide drinking straws for drinks sold at all National Transport 

Workers’ Union canteens within our premises, unless requested.

4 GHG Emission Intensity by Entity for the ComfortDelGro Group excludes operations in Vietnam, China and Malaysia as many of these businesses are joint 

ventures with local partners.

5 Australia has an increase in GHG Emission Intensity due to the acquisition of several Business Units and bus fleets in 2019.

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

26


Eco-office Award

ComfortDelGro Head Office

Eco-office Plus Award (Professional) 

VICOM and SETSCO

Eco-office Plus Award (Champion) 

ComfortDelGro Engineering Pandan, Braddell, 

Loyang and Ubi Offices

Group Performance Summary

CDC Victoria Welcomes Hybrid Buses

On 26 June 2019, CDC Victoria celebrated its Official Hybrid 

Bus Launch at Wyndham depot in Melbourne. The new 

environmentally friendly fleet, which represents the biggest 

single order of hybrid buses in Australia, demonstrates 

CDC’s strong focus on sustainability and innovation in its 

business operations.

Each bus also directly supports the local automotive industry 

in Victoria with body manufacturing and fit-out being 

carried out by Volgren in Dandenong. All 50 low-floor buses 

feature Volvo’s Parallel Hybrid driveline and meet the Euro 

6 emission standards. In testing, the Volvo hybrid driveline 

has been shown to reduce nitrogen oxide and particulate 

emissions by up to 50%, as well as reducing fuel and carbon 

dioxide emissions by up to 40%. 

ComfortDelGro Engineering Staff Become Eco Ambassadors

In October 2019, six members of ComfortDelGro Engineering’s 

Eco Committee participated in the Eco Ambassador Training 

over two days. The training, conducted by the Singapore 

Environment Council, aims to empower companies to develop 

a green DNA. Participants were trained on evaluating their 

companies’ carbon footprint, implementing cost-effective 

measures in reducing carbon emissions, and instilling 

environmentally friendly behaviours, with a focus on topics 

such as Environmental Analytics, Green Innovations through 

Design Thinking, Lean Eco Approach and Project Management.





In Australia, we provided community support to help manage 

one of their worst bushfires following a period of severe drought 

and heat. We assisted in firefighting efforts by providing paid 

leave and transport services to emergency service volunteers. 

CDC Victoria has committed to reduce their emissions profile 

and support research into alternative fuels by making the TAKE2 

pledge, which is part of the Victoria State Government’s climate 

action campaign. During the year, CDC NSW, CDC Victoria and 

ComfortDelGro Singapore also participated in Earth Hour 2019.

27

Sustainability Report 2019


ENVIRONMENTAL

Global waste generation has been growing at unsustainable rates, and only a small 

percentage is reused or recycled, while the majority is sent for disposal in landfills 

or incinerators. ComfortDelGro is committed to responsible waste management in 

order to minimise our impact on human and environmental health and assure our 

Stakeholders of our commitment to do so.

WASTE MANAGEMENT

Why This Issue Is Material

The increase in waste generated adversely impacts human and 

environmental health, contributes to land scarcity for waste 

disposal and increases cost pressures from resource scarcity. 

Over the last 40 years, the amount of waste generated by 

Singapore has increased sevenfold. Singapore’s only landfill, 

Semakau Landfill, is predicted to run out of space by 2035. 

To tackle the growing issue of waste and its impact on the 

environment,	the	Singapore	Government	launched	a	Zero-

Waste Masterplan in 2019. Similarly, the Australian Government 

updated its National Waste Policy in 2018, while in the UK, the 

Government overhauled its waste system with a new Resources 

and Waste Strategy in 2018. 

ComfortDelGro recognises the importance of waste management 

and responsible consumption, which have various economic, 

social and environmental impacts in the areas we operate in. In 

line with the Government’s emphasis on waste, we have plans 

in place at our various locations of operation. ComfortDelGro 

strives to reduce waste generated, increase reuse and recycling 

of materials and ensure responsible waste disposal at all our 

locations of operation in order to protect the local people and 

environment. 

How We Manage This Issue

The bulk of the Group’s waste comes from day-to-day operations 

as well as waste from commuters, which are generally removed 

by authorised contractors to be incinerated or disposed of at 

landfills. We recycle operational waste such as batteries, engine 

oil, tyres, metals, drums and cartons. Decommissioned vehicles 

are sent to scrap yards or contractors where valuable materials 

are recovered and recycled. ComfortDelGro’s hazardous wastes, 

typically generated from the repair and maintenance of vehicles, 

are responsibly disposed off by specialist contractors. We comply 

with waste legislations in all our locations of operation. In line 

with Section 30A of Singapore’s Environmental Public Health 

Act, the Group will report its waste data to NEA annually from 

Year 2020 onwards. 

To encourage employees to recycle, recycling bins for plastic, 

paper, and cans are placed in our offices and recycling days 

are organised regularly. In 2019, we participated in Singtel’s 

electronic waste (e-waste) recycling programme, ReCYCLE. 

To-date, we have deployed the e-waste bins at six of our 

premises. We also recycle our bulky e-waste with a licensed 

NEA recycling contractor.

In our Singapore bus depots, our technicians have started the use 

of tablets instead of paper checklists and forms when carrying 

out maintenance works. Using the Bus Mobile Maintenance 

System (BMMS), they can obtain work instructions, drawings, 

electrical schematics and parts information to carry out their 

work. They are also able to access the bus manufacturers’ portal 

to obtain more detailed bus maintenance information from their 

e-manuals. The use of the BMMS not only improves efficiency 

and storage, but also reduces paper usage.

Waste Disposal6

Waste (tonnes)

2017

2018

2019

Non-hazardous waste not recycled

2,162

1,958

1,767 

Hazardous waste

4,207

3,676

3,446

Waste sent for recycling

1,610

1,842

1,832

Total

7,979     

 7,476 

7,045

Group Performance Summary

6    Waste disposal includes Singapore, Australia, China and the UK

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

28


Total e-waste 

recycled in 2019

3,073kg*

Total paper waste 

recycled in 2019

31,260kg*

Total carton waste 

recycled in 2019

32,690kg*

The Duty Rostering System by Workforce Optimiser was the first of many 

digitalisation projects within ComfortDelGro Engineering in 2019. This project 

digitised the entire kiosk duty planning and management process, replacing the 

previous tedious paper application method which required manual scanning and 

routing of paper forms within the Fuel Sales and Human Resource departments. 

All fuel kiosk staff will be able to log in from any smart device to apply and view 

their own roster or shift. Supervisory level staff will also be able to approve shift 

change, attendance and overtime application via the application instead of through 

paper. The entire overhaul of the current duty rostering process will make the 

whole planning and work roster system fairer, faster, more efficient as well as 

provide for a better staff experience. The results of this digitalisation are projected 

savings of up to 3,600 sheets of paper and up to 800 manhours annually. 

Another digitalisation project undertaken by ComfortDelGro Engineering in 

2019 was workshop digitalisation, which allows safety checks to be made more 

deliberate while reducing paper wastage.

Participation in Singtel’s e-Waste Recycling Programme

2019	was	designated	as	Singapore’s	Year	Towards	Zero	Waste.	

Singapore generates 60,000 tonnes of e-waste annually, 

equivalent to every person disposing 73 mobile phones a 

year. To play our part, we collaborated with Singtel to start 

e-waste recycling in our buildings.

E-waste bins were set up at six of our premises. We sent out 

a circular to employees working in the building to inform 

them of the initiative, the importance of recycling e-waste 

as well as actions to reduce e-waste. The e-waste in the 

bins are collected by an NEA-licensed company and goes 

through a crushing process for secure destruction after 

precious metals are extracted. In 2019, 1,451kg of e-waste 

were collected for recycling.





ComfortDelGro Engineering Digitalisation Plans

* Only for Singapore 

29

Sustainability Report 2019


ENVIRONMENTAL

With the world’s demand for water likely to increase over the next few decades, 

many countries around the world are at risk of significant water stress by 2040. 

ComfortDelGro recognises that sustainable water consumption is necessary.  

We aim to play our part by minimising water consumption.

WATER CONSUMPTION

Why This Issue Is Material

Water scarcity around the world has been exacerbated by climate 

change. As such, efficient water consumption is crucial in ensuring 

operational efficiency and mitigating water security risks.

Some of the countries that the Group operates in face water 

security concerns. It is in our interest and the interest of our 

Stakeholders to have an efficient water consumption and 

management system, creating long-term value for all. 

How We Manage This Issue

The most significant use of water in the Group pertains to the 

washing of vehicles.

In 2019, the Group began to use reclaimed NEWater for non-

potable water uses such as bus washing and the irrigation of 

rooftop garden at Ulu Pandan Bus Depot, which resulted in 

significant potable water savings of 9,000 cubic metres a year. 

The amount of water saved is equivalent to 3.6 Olympic-sized 

swimming pools.

In our office buildings, water is mainly used in pantries and toilets. 

Business Units that achieved the Eco-Office plus awards have 

also educated their staff on water conservation measures. In 

2019, all of the water fittings in our Head Office were replaced 

to adhere to Public Utilities Board’s Water Efficiency Labelling 

Scheme (WELS). We intend to apply for the Water Efficient 

Building (WEB) Basic Certification in 2020.

At VICOM, SETSCO’s Construction Technology Division began 

a water recycling initiative in 2019 where recycled water is used 

to cure concrete cubes before they are tested for compressive 

strength. This initiative helps save up to 2,160 cubic metres of 

water a year, which is nearly the volume of an Olympic-sized 

swimming pool.

Group Performance Summary

2017

2018

2019

2,053,966

2,423,621

3,822,9937

Water Used (M3) - Excludes Vietnam and Malaysia

7    Increase in water consumption in 2019 due to the acquisition of several Business Units and bus fleets in Australia

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

30












SOCIAL

Operating in seven countries with over 24,300 employees and serving 

more than 2 million commuters daily, it is our mission to enhance 

the safety and well-being of the communities that we serve and the 

people who deliver our services.

2019 Highlights:

0 

global workplace 

fatalities 

Awards 

•	 ComfortDelGro 

Bus - Merit Award 

in the “Non-

public Bus Fleet” 

category by the 

Singapore Road 

Safety Council

•	 ComfortDelGro 

Taxi -  CityCab 

and Comfort 

received the 

Excellence and 

Merit Award 

respectively at 

the 21st Annual 

Safety, Health and 

Environmental 

Award 

Convention 

2019 by the 

Land Transport 

Authority (LTA)

31

Sustainability Report 2019


The health &amp; safety of our customers, employees and the public is fundamental to our 

business. Our focus on safety is strongly reflected in the Group’s policies, procedures 

and training. We take all safety incidents seriously and we continuously work towards 

achieving zero fatalities and injury rates that are below national averages in our 

locations of operation.

HEALTH &amp; SAFETY

Why This Issue Is Material 

With over 41,600 vehicles plying the roads in seven countries, 

our operations have a significant impact on road safety. Thus, 

a good safety record is required to maintain commuter trust. It 

is our responsibility to ensure safe journeys for all commuters, 

regardless of whether they are riding with us or are fellow road 

users. We are also committed to providing a safe and healthy 

working environment for all our employees.

SOCIAL

How We Manage This Issue 

Our safety systems and stringent checks ensure that health &amp; 

safety is held to the highest standards. Safety requirements are 

incorporated in tender documents for relevant products and 

services. We have also invested heavily in training and re-training 

courses, and ran safety awareness and training programmes 

to instill a safety and security conscious culture in employees 

at all levels. 

We have joint management–worker Workplace Safety &amp; Health  

(WSH) Committees, which represent all our employees and 

workers in our countries of operation, to evaluate occupational 

safety programmes. A strong emphasis is placed on safety through 

training, education and engendering a strong safety culture. 

For more information on our WSH Committees, see Annex B.





ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

32


Road &amp; Passenger Safety  

In Singapore, we continued the progressive roll-out of the iSafe 

system in 2019, which comprises the Safe Green Eco System, 

GoldenEye, and MobilEye. By June 2019, the entire SBS Transit 

fleet had been installed with the MobilEye, a smart camera that 

is able to detect, analyse and monitor road conditions while 

the vehicle is moving, as well as provide real-time audio visual 

warning via a display unit to the driver.

Newer buses provisioned by the LTA have been installed with 

the Integrated Smart Advance Warning Unit (I-SAW-U) instead 

of the MobilEye. Similar to MobilEye, I-SAW-U is a smart camera 

system that acts as an extra pair of eyes to warn bus captains 

of obstructions and subjects in their blind spots. It also alerts 

the bus captain if a pedestrian is in front of the bus, if the bus 

strays off lane, or if it is travelling too close to the vehicle in front.

In 2019, we also made investments in artificial intelligence 

technology. In December, we launched Singapore’s first fully-

predictive anti-collision buses, which come with a Driver Support 

System that has a built-in Collision Warning &amp; Emergency Brake 

(CWEB) feature. 

With the system’s ability to initiate braking if the driver does 

not respond to the warnings in time, Volvo’s CWEB feature is 

a welcome safety enhancement that helps bus drivers avoid 

critical situations and accidents. There are plans to purchase 

more of such buses over the next two years. ComfortDelGro Bus 

Drivers have undergone training on the in-built CWEB feature.

We run programmes to increase awareness of passenger and 

road safety as well. In 2019, SBS Transit developed videos for 

safety on boarding and alighting buses, in both Mandarin and 

English, as part of their annual Safety &amp; Health Programme &amp; 

Education (SHAPE). CDC in New South Wales (NSW) conducted 

a Safety Simulation in conjunction with Technical and Further 

Education New South Wales (TAFE NSW), using their Heavy 

Vehicle Driving Simulator. The Safe Heavy Vehicle Driver 

training package addressed topics such as road safety, fatigue 

management, spatial awareness, and legal obligations. 

In	the	United	Kingdom	(UK),	Vision	Zero	Week	was	launched	by	

Transport	for	London	(TfL)	in	July	2019	as	part	of	Vision	Zero,	

one of the Mayor of London’s Transport Strategies that aims to 

eradicate road deaths and serious injuries from London’s roads 

by	2041.	In	support	of	Vision	Zero	Week,	Metroline’s	Transport	

Safety Team conducted speed checks of live services and 

engaged	drivers	on	Vision	Zero.	

In August 2019, Metroline began trials for Mirrorless Buses using 

SmartVision’s Camera Monitoring System (CMS). The cameras, 

which are designed to replace wing mirrors, have heated lenses 

to remove blind spots and glare, while providing improved vision 

at night and in wet conditions. The CMS will greatly reduce the 

risk of collisions with other road users, pedestrians, trees and 

street furniture. While the CMS is mandatory on all TfL vehicles by 

2021, Metroline was the first to trial this system, demonstrating 

leadership in improving road safety for all on the road. 

Metroline is also involved in Project VALLs, an ongoing trial 

of a new bus lighting safety system. The Vehicle Avoidance 

Lateral Lights (VALLs) is a new form of vehicle lighting system 

that projects a carpet of light along the sides of the vehicle to 

increase visibility of road users during poor lighting conditions. 

It also provides a visual ‘area of greater risk’ for road users to 

avoid, in the interest of their own safety.

To protect passengers and employees, almost all of our buses, 

trains and train stations in operation across the Singapore, the 

UK and Australia are installed with CCTVs or in-vehicle cameras.

&gt;90%

Vehicles and stations with 

CCTVS or in-vehicle cameras in 

Singapore, the UK and Australia

33

Sustainability Report 2019


SOCIAL

Workplace Health &amp; Safety  

We are committed to developing a culture of workplace health 

&amp; safety. To that end, we implemented new workplace safety 

programmes at our various Business Units, such as last-mile 

safety initiatives at our rail business.

Our operations staff, including SBS Transit’s bus and rail engineering 

staff and VICOM staff, are trained and qualified by accredited 

training agencies to perform their various jobs in accordance 

with stipulated regulation. When required, SETSCO staff will 

also attend safety orientation and site familiarisation courses 

organised by clients in the construction, shipyard, marine and 

oil/petrochemical sectors. This year, we strengthened workplace 

safety training, qualification and currency of ground staff. During 

its annual Safety &amp; Health Programme &amp; Education (SHAPE), SBS 

Transit stepped up its safety inspections at various locations and 

put up bulletins to highlight potential slip, trip and/or fall areas.

In 2019, Metroline facilitated the Bus Safety Standard Workshops 

commissioned by TfL. During these workshops, bus manufacturers 

were engaged to talk about safety design in buses such as Advanced 

Emergency Braking, Vision Standard, Acoustic Conspicuity, 

Occupant-friendly Interiors and Intelligent Speed Assistance.

Beyond safety at the workplace, Metroline has invested in its 

drivers’ holistic long-term health and well-being. In 2019, it 

launched the “Wellbeing Bus”, a collaborative project between 

TfL, Unite the Union, bus operators and Medigold Health, with the 

aim of improving bus drivers’ health. Staffed with occupational 

health technicians from Medigold Health and electronic health 

assessment kiosks, the Wellbeing Bus provides advice and 

professional health screenings to help identify possible issues 

or risk factors that could contribute to poor health. The health 

screenings are completely free of charge for drivers and other 

employees. The screening also features the Boomerang Life 

Balance, which looks at various factors of an employee’s lifestyle 

including sleep patterns, smoking, work life, stress, diet, alcohol 

and exercise. The rapid health diagnosis is delivered in an easily 

understandable format that drivers can even access whilst on 

their break. Following their screening, the occupational health 

technicians on hand will provide employees with lifestyle advice 

and guidance. The initiative has already received positive feedback 

from bus drivers and staff.

Group Performance Summary

Singapore

UK

Australia

2017

4

0

0

2018

2

1

1

2019

1

1

0

Fatalities

Singapore

UK

Australia

2017

610

991

215

2018

788

1,088

294

2019

724

239

5361

Passenger Injuries

Singapore

UK

Australia

2017

0.37

35.47

37.64

2018

0.32

31.96

30.10

2019

0.31

48.18

31.32

Vehicle Collisions Rate (per M km)

Road &amp; Passenger Safety

1 Australia has an increase in passenger injuries due to the acquisition of several Business Units and bus fleets in 2019. Comparatively, the Passenger Injury Rate  

(No. of Passenger Injuries/Total No. of Journeys in million) has decreased from 95.5 in 2018 to 68.7 in 2019.

In Singapore, Australia and the UK, accidents resulting in 1,499 

injury cases were recorded, 723 of which were from SBS Transit 

and one from ComfortDelGro Driving Centre. This translated into 

3.00 passenger injuries per one million kilometres travelled in 

Singapore, which was lower than 2018. There were, unfortunately, 

two passenger fatalities – one in Singapore and one in the UK. 

In terms of vehicle collisions, we averaged 0.31 collisions for 

every one million kilometres with a total of 517 collisions in 

Singapore, out of which 305 were from SBS Transit. In the 

UK and Australia, there were 765 recorded injury cases in our 

scheduled bus business during the year, translating into 4.24 

passenger injuries per one million kilometres travelled, which 

was lower than 2018. In terms of vehicle collisions in the UK 

and Australia, we averaged 39.3 collisions for every one million 

kilometres with a total of 7,187 collisions, which was an increase 

as compared to 2018.

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

34


2 Does not include injuries of our taxi drivers, who are not employees of the Group.

3 Lost days are defined as days that could not be worked as a result of a worker or workers who are unable to perform the usual work because of an occupational 

accident or disease.

4 ComfortDelGro will measure “Workplace Injury Rate” starting from 2019.

5 Australia has a “no fault” system of workers’ compensation for work-related injuries. The laws also place obligations to facilitate return-to-work, and the continued 

employment of the employee. Non-physical injuries including stress-related conditions are also covered. The compensation and benefit systems have indirectly 

accounted for higher workplace injury reports and prolonged medical leaves in Australia.

Awards and Certifications 

In 2019, our Business Units - SBS Transit and ComfortDelGro 

Taxi - received several safety awards in recognition of their 

exceptional safety practices and management standards.

1. BizSAFE Partner Award

 

SBS Transit received the BizSAFE Partner award in 2019. 

The BizSAFE Partner Award recognises BizSAFE Partners 

who have been proactive and committed in bringing 

business partners on board the BizSAFE programme by 

incorporating Workplace Safety and Health as part of 

their business model.

2. Safe Bus Operator of the Year (Excellence) – SBS Transit’s 

Jurong West Bus Package

 

At the LTA’s 21st Annual Safety, Health and Environmental 

(SHE) Award Convention, which gave recognition to 

contractors and public transport operators for their efforts 

in promoting and ensuring safety, SBS Transit’s Jurong 

West Bus Package won the Certificate of Excellence for 

the Safe Bus Operator of the Year Award. 

3. Safe Rail Line of the Year (Merit)

 

At the LTA’s 21st Annual SHE Award Convention, SBS 

Transit won the Safe Rail Line of the Year Merit Award, 

which recognises rail transport operators with good 

performance in workplace and commuter safety. 

4. Community LifeSaver Award – Bus Captain (BC) Thian 

Siew Mui

 

BC Thian Siew 

Mui was awarded 

the Community 

LifeSaver Award 

for acting quickly 

to put out a lorry 

that was on fire, 

while on the job. 

She had sounded 

the horn at the 

lorry driver to alert him to the fire. After seeing that the 

lorry driver was not able to put out the fire with bottles 

of mineral water, she asked passengers to wait before 

grabbing a fire extinguisher and running to the lorry to 

put out the fire. She then promptly returned to driving 

the bus. 

5. Annual Safety, Health and Environmental Award 

Convention 2019

 

CityCab and Comfort received the Excellence and Merit 

Award respectively at the 21st Annual Safety, Health and 

Environmental Award Convention 2019 by the LTA.



Singapore

UK

Australia

2017

1.79

1.02

41.44

2018

1.83

3.25

42.17

2019

1.75

2.25

12.88

Accident Frequency Rate per million manhours

Workplace Health &amp; Safety

Singapore

UK

Australia

2017

42.69

43.45

297.63

2018

37.34

20.84

399.53

2019

49.90

18.86

230.85

Accident Severity Rate per million manhours

Group Performance Summary

Singapore

UK

Australia

457.4

480.8

2,189.95

Workplace Injury Rate per 100,000 Employees4 

Metroline also organised a safety campaign in conjunction with 

TfL and schools, to promote road safety amongst children.

The Group recorded zero workplace fatalities in Singapore, 

Australia and the UK. A total of 184 non-fatal workplace 

injuries2, resulting in 3,798 lost days3 in 2019, were recorded. 

Of these cases, the majority involved male employees. A very 

small proportion of incidents involved contract workers. 

There have been no incidents of non-compliance with regulation 

and voluntary codes concerning the health &amp; safety impacts 

of products and services during their life cycle.

35

Sustainability Report 2019


Our employees are at the core of our success. Without them, we would not be 

where we are today. We strongly subscribe to the belief that a motivated workforce 

will ultimately translate into happy and satisfied customers. We are committed to 

ensure our employees’ well-being and professional development, which are key to 

sustainable performance of the Group.

EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT

Why This Issue is Material 

We believe that employee engagement 

and satisfaction have profound impacts 

on productivity, service quality and our 

long-term business performance. It is 

necessary that we communicate with our 

employees to align them to our business 

strategy and goals, and be responsive to 

their needs. As such, we place special 

emphasis on employee management and 

labour-management relations.

How We Manage This Issue 

Employee Engagement 

Induction programmes 

for new hires facilitate 

their alignment to our 

values and culture. We 

organise regular briefing 

sessions, dialogues 

and conferences to 

communicate updates to employees and align them to our 

business goals. We encourage two-way communication by 

soliciting employee feedback and suggestions at such sessions. 

We also recognise staff for their contributions and length of 

service through Long Service Awards.

To promote healthy lifestyles, lifelong learning and physical and 

mental well-being, the Group has organised various activities 

for its employees in 2019, including the inaugural Active! 

ComfortDelGro Day, a lunchtime talk on Mental Wellness &amp; 

Care, a charity walk and ComfortDelGro Learnfest 2019.

SOCIAL



Labour-Management Relations

We work hard to maintain a harmonious 

tripartite Labour-Management relationship. 

Labour relations play a prominent role in day-

to-day operations in the organisation. 80% of 

all employees across our global operations 

are covered by Collective Agreements.

Management and the Union share a relationship built on 

trust and respect as well as a common goal of improving 

employees’ welfare. They work closely together, facilitated by 

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

36


Union representatives, who are appointed from and by Union 

members. Union representatives serve as vital communication 

channels between Management and the Union.

In 2019, our Singapore businesses continued to honour the 

Collective Agreements signed in 2017 for a three-year period. We 

have completed the negotiations for operational changes that 

affect the working conditions and well-being of employees. Such 

changes are always discussed with the Union, and implemented 

after a consensus is reached. Employees affected are typically 

given one to three months’ notice via letters, circulars or emails.

In 2019, eight bus captains (BCs) filed civil law suits against SBS 

Transit disputing the prescribed rest days and overtime. Separately, 

SBS Transit made an application to the Industrial Arbitration 

Court (IAC) to interpret the relevant clauses in the Collective 

Agreements. The IAC issued a written ruling which stated that 

SBS Transit had acted in accordance with the Employment Act 

in relation to the BCs’ prescribed rest days, working hours and 

overtime. The BCs, however, through their lawyer, are contesting 

that ruling. The law suits, meanwhile, are still ongoing.

Talent Management

Talent management and succession planning 

are key areas of focus for ComfortDelGro. 

Through regular employee engagement 

programmes including seminars, training 

courses, quarterly newsletters and weekly 

dialogue sessions, we are able to encourage 

critical thinking and innovation, build team 

spirit and groom the next generation of leaders. ComfortDelGro 

also has a series of leadership development programmes specially 

catered for the development needs of its staff. Structured training 

and development are provided for staff to grow and progress 

in their careers within the Group.

Managers are empowered and encouraged to hold regular feedback 

sessions with their subordinates. The annual appraisal performance 

session serves as a platform for employees to discuss their work 

performance and map out their career progression. Common 

issues raised by employees include training and remuneration. 

We have in place various programmes and processes that 

contribute to talent management, performance management, 

succession planning, and compensation and benefits.

With a global workforce of 24,329 employees, talent retention 

and attraction rank high on ComfortDelGro’s priority list. We set 

the performance bar above industry norms, reward equitably, 

and give credit where credit is due. In 2019, we had a total of 

3,352 new hires across the Group, with 51.2% in Singapore, 24.4% 

in the UK and Ireland, 21.5% in Australia, 2.4% in China, 0.3% in 

Vietnam and 0.2% in Malaysia. A total of 3,720 staff left the Group 

(both voluntarily and involuntarily), with 18.8% under 30 years 

old, 46.7% aged 30-50 years old, and 34.5% over 50 years old.

Group Performance Summary

(Please refer to Annex C for more information on our employees and workers)

UK/Ireland 

Workforce Size

5,824      

New Hires

819

Staff Turnover

 1,181

Australia 

Workforce Size

3,790

New Hires

721

Staff Turnover

656

Singapore 

Workforce Size

13,773

New Hires

1,716

Staff Turnover

1,778

Malaysia 

Workforce Size

42

New Hires

5

Staff Turnover

3

Vietnam 

Workforce Size

82

New Hires

11

Staff Turnover

27

China 

Workforce Size

818

New Hires

80

Staff Turnover

75

Vietnam 

0.3%

Malaysia 

0.2%

Australia 

15.5%

China 

3.4%

Singapore 

56.7%

UK/Ireland 

23.9%

Workforce 

size by 

Countries

37

Sustainability Report 2019


SOCIAL

Inaugural ACTIVE! ComfortDelGro Day 

For half a day on 5 August 2019, more than 300 staff in Singapore gathered 

at PUB Recreation Club for the inaugural Active! ComfortDelGro Day, which 

aimed to encourage staff to be active and stay healthy. Staff participated in 

various games and sports such as captain’s ball, Muay Thai, augmented wall 

climbing and walking football.  

Of those who responded to the feedback survey, 99% enjoyed the event and 

sports challenges. Staff were also made more aware of the possible sports 

they can pick up, and most planned to continue being active.

Our very own One ComfortDelGro Heartbeat, a recreational drumming 

club, also put up a spectacular drumming performance at the event. They 

displayed admirable learning spirit as almost all of them did not have any 

prior music background. Through their impressive performance, they also 

delivered a salient message of continuous and lifelong learning. 



Awards and Certifications 

In 2019, the Group and its various Business 

Units received several Human Resource (HR) 

awards in recognition of our exceptional HR 

practices and management standards. 

1. HR Excellence Award: Employee Retention 

(Silver) – ComfortDelGro Corporation 

 

Organised by the Human Resource Magazine, 

ComfortDelGro Corporation clinched Silver 

in the Employee Retention category. The 

Award recognises distinguished organisations 

with exceptional employee management 

programmes and robust human resource 

management strategy.

2. Singapore Quality Class (SQC) with People 

– ComfortDelGro Driving Centre awarded 

re-certification in September 2019

 

ComfortDelGro Driving Centre was recertified 

the SQC STAR with People by Enterprise 

Singapore, in recognition of its excellent 

management practices, commitment 

towards continuous improvement and 

sustainable business performance. Entities with SQC STAR 

have scored highly on the Business Excellence Framework, 

which provides a comprehensive set of management 

standards for business excellence, and covers seven areas 

– Leadership, Customers, Strategy, People, Processes, 

Knowledge and Results. 



3. Total Defence Award: NS Advocate Award – SBS Transit

 

SBS Transit received the NS Advocate Award in the 

Total Defence Award 2019, in recognition of its strong 

support and advocacy efforts to national defence by 

implementing HR policies and practices that support 

NS and Total Defence.

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

38


ComfortDelGro embraces diversity. We believe in creating an inclusive environment 

where our employees treat each other equally and with respect. We want to nurture 

a culture where diverse perspectives can help drive our Group forward and equal 

opportunities are given to all our staff.

DIVERSITY AND NON-DISCRIMINATION

Why This Issue is Material 

Diversity and non-discrimination are essential for employee 

satisfaction and retention, innovation, and a competitive 

workforce, all of which contribute to organisational excellence 

and long-term sustainability of the business. ComfortDelGro 

is committed to creating a culture of diversity, inclusion, and 

equal opportunity. We strive to provide a fair and supportive 

work environment for all our employees, regardless of their age, 

sex, marital status, sexual orientation, disability, race, colour, 

nationality, ethnic or national origin, religion, or affiliation to 

any political party or trade union. We aim to employ people 

who reflect the diverse nature of society and we value each 

of our employees’ contributions, both individually, and as part 

of the Group.

How We Manage This Issue 

Our hiring policies and terms and conditions of employment 

are compliant with relevant government regulations as well 

as human and labour rights. We do not state preferences or 

requirements for age, race, gender or religion in our recruitment 

advertisements. We pay special attention to the rights and needs 

of individuals at risk of becoming vulnerable or marginalised.

We take a zero-tolerance stance towards discrimination. 

Employees are recruited, remunerated, trained and promoted 

based on competence and merit. Complaints of discrimination 

or unfair work practices can be reported to the Management, 

the Union or Authorities responsible for employment matters, 

according to the country of operation. 

On 7 October 2019, 65 of our investors collectively issued 

a statement in support of the United Nations (UN) Women’s 

Empowerment Principles and strengthened their commitment 

to implement effective initiatives towards gender equality in the 

workplace, marketplace and community where they do business, 

so as to benefit workers, Management, society and Shareholders. 

ComfortDelGro is aligned with our investors’ views that gender 

equality contributes to increased benefits for the society, economy 

and better financial performance. With the appointment of a new 

female director at the start of 2019, female representation on our 

Board stands at 30%, which exceeds the 20% target established 

by the Council for Board Diversity. Female employees are well 

represented across all Business Units with a fair remuneration 

structure without gender bias.  With the support of our investors, 

ComfortDelGro will continue to build a company that promotes 

gender equality and creates value for all Stakeholders.

ComfortDelGro is a signatory in the Tripartite Alliance of Fair and Progressive 

Employment Practices (TAFEP)

We adhere to the five key principles of fair employment practices – recruiting and selecting employees on the basis of merit, 

treating them fairly and with respect, providing them with equal opportunities for training and development, rewarding 

them based on their ability, performance, and contribution and abiding by labour laws and the Tripartite Guidelines.

Group Performance Summary

Nationality

6 major 

nationalities

Board of Directors: 30%

Employees Group: 14.4%

 

SBS Transit: 10.2%

 

VICOM: 23.3%

Gender Diversity

Female Representation

Age Profile

2019: 40.1% of 

employees are over 

50 years of age

39

Sustainability Report 2019


ComfortDelGro invests continually in our employees to develop their skills and talent. 

We ensure that employees understand their responsibilities and are given access to 

the necessary training to equip them for better job performance and to be adaptable 

in this increasingly complex world.

EMPLOYEE TRAINING

Why This Issue is Material 

The industries we operate in are increasingly being disrupted by 

technological advancements, while facing challenges such as 

resource scarcity and climate change. For our organisation to 

pursue new strategies and build new capabilities, our employees 

must be equipped with the necessary skills and knowledge. 

Beyond our need for strong and adaptable human capital, 

employee training is also part of our commitment to employees’ 

professional development and motivation.

How We Manage This Issue 

All employees receive performance and career development 

reviews annually. Employees are assessed on their competency 

and contributions, with executive-level staff having additional 

key performance tasks and targets to meet. 

We invest in a diverse range of training programmes for employees, 

according to their needs. Through training and development, 

we ensure that our employees are equipped with the relevant 

functional knowledge and operational skills they need to perform 

their jobs well.

Following our commitment to support our staff in their career 

development and journey of learning, we launched a series of 

leadership development programmes for employees of the 

Group in 2019. These programmes will create alignment of 

leadership ethos and leadership competencies expected of 

our leaders no matter which role or Business Unit they work in, 

provide structured training and development for our leaders as 

they grow and progress in their careers within the Group; and 

provide opportunities for employees from the various Business 

Units to come together to share experiences and exchange 

ideas for greater learning.

We work together with government agencies to enhance training 

and development programmes for the transport sector. In 2019, 

ComfortDelGro together with the LTA, National Transport Workers’ 

Union and the Public Transport Operators jointly developed the 

Rail Manpower Development Package (RMDP) and established 

the SGRail Industry Scholarship to upskill the rail workforce and 

attract more engineers to the sector.

SOCIAL

Group Performance Summary

Training Hours - Group Total

Employees: 28.2 hours per annum

Executives: 30.3 hours per annum

Non-Executives: 27.9 hours per annum

Training Hours - By Employee Category 

and Gender

 

Male 

Female

Executives 

34.5 

19.3

Non-Executives 

28.9 

21.1

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

40


Recognition for Staff 

Exemplifying and 

Contributing to Lifelong 

Learning 

In 2019, two SBS Transit employees 

were recipients of the SkillsFuture 

Fellowship Award, a tripartite initiative 

to recognise Singapore Citizens who 

have acquired deep skills through 

significant work experience in their 

industries or job functions. The 

recipients of this award must also 

be champions of lifelong learning 

and be committed to contributing 

to skills development of others. We 

have a total of six staff in the Group 

who have received this award over 

the years.





Digital Training to Upskill Cabbies 

in Singapore

ComfortDelGro Taxi has committed to send 10,000 cabbies 

to attend the customised SkillsFuture for Digital Workplace 

(SFDW) course, which is supported by early partners NTUC 

e2i (Employement and Employability Institure) and NTUC 

LearningHub by 2020. There are plans to expand the 

programme to the remaining cabbies after the first 10,000 

have been trained. 

With the taxi industry having undergone rapid digital 

transformation over the last few years, cabbies need to learn 

new digital skills to stay competitive. As such, ComfortDelGro 

Taxi partnered with the National Taxi Association (NTA) to 

form a Training Committee for Cabbies in June 2019. 

The Training Committee will help raise awareness on job 

opportunities created by technology, gather feedback about 

current training plans, identify training gaps required to 

seize those opportunities and facilitate cabbies to attend 

training. For example, as commuters rely less on street hail 

and cash payments, cabbies must know how to make use 

of relevant apps and other technological tools to secure 

passenger bookings, locate passengers, collect payment 

of fare, pay for parking, transact with the Company, and 

keep up-to-date with traffic conditions. As cabbies pick up 

foundational digital skills through the training to become 

familiar with common digital touchpoints and acquire digital 

literacy, their increased confidence and ability to leverage 

technology will help to enhance their incomes. 

Cabbies are sent for training by batches and are provided 

with training allowance to defray opportunity costs and 

encourage them to attend the training. Additional allowance 

support is provided for cabbies who are NTA members, 

demonstrating the strong bipartite partnership between 

ComfortDelGro Taxi and the NTA. As of end-2019, 4,000 

cabbies have completed the one-day training programme. 

Of those who have attended the programme so far, about 

two-thirds are in their 60s. 



41

Sustainability Report 2019


We are in the business of helping people get from where they are, to where 

they want to be. Transportation should be made accessible for everyone in an 

inclusive society. We are constantly on the lookout for ways to improve and expand 

our solutions, and to serve an even wider range of commuters. To this end, we 

continue to invest extensively in systems, processes and new technologies 

including wheelchair-accessible and low-floor buses.

ACCESSIBILITY

Why This Issue Is Material

Access to transportation is vital for independent living and crucial 

to poverty alleviation. An accessible and inclusive transport 

system is the building block of an inclusive society. In fact, 85% 

of Singapore residents are willing to accept delays of one to five 

minutes to allow people like the elderly and wheelchair users to 

board or alight from buses and trains, based on public feedback 

on the LTA’s Land Transport Master Plan 2040.  As a provider of 

land transport services, we are committed to providing inclusive 

services that are accessible to all, regardless of age or ability. 

How We Manage This Issue 

We are constantly on the lookout for ways to improve and expand 

our solutions, and to serve an even wider range of commuters. 

We are also committed to making our workplace accessible to 

our employees. For example, ramps and lift access as well as 

wheelchair-accessible restrooms are available at many of our 

buildings both locally and overseas.

We have invested substantially in wheelchair-friendly buses that 

are capable of transporting persons-in-wheelchairs (PIWs) safely 

and comfortably. In the UK and Ireland, all Metroline bus services 

and Scottish Citylink Coaches, and 82% of New Adventure Travel 

Group’s coaches are wheelchair accessible. In Singapore, 99% 

of SBS Transit buses are wheelchair accessible while 69% of 

ComfortDelGro Corporation (CDC) Australia operated buses 

and coaches are wheelchair accessible.

In Singapore, the UK and Australia, drivers of our wheelchair-

friendly bus services are trained in the correct way to deploy 

the ramps and assist the passengers. Since December 2018, all 

SBS Transit staff are required to attend Cares 1 and 2 training 

that focusses on ComfortDelGro’s eight Service Standards for 

different customers, including the elderly and the disabled. 

A new Cares 4.0 training was launched in January 2019 with 

a commuter inclusiveness approach on care and safety for 

commuters at our buses and trains, paying special attention to 

those with special needs, such as the elderly, PIWs, parents with 

children stroller, passengers with autism or dementia. There was 

a total of 2,456 trainings as of December 2019.

In the UK and Ireland, approximately 250 Scottish Citylink 

Coaches staffs have been trained in disability awareness and 

loading of wheelchairs onto vehicles, and 100% of Metroline’s 

vehicles are wheelchair accessible. Metroline has established 

internal maintenance protocols and procedures to support this, 

such as deploying the wheelchair ramp at the garage before any 

journey is started to ensure it is functioning. Metroline continues 

to organise accessibility communications activities, campaigns, 

and awareness and sensitivity training sessions with various 

partners throughout the year. In Australia, all Forest Coach 

Lines drivers as well as drivers from Blue Mountains Transit were 

trained on assisting the elderly and the disabled.

In addition to our buses, our taxi services are also disabled-

friendly. Our cabbies are trained to assist PIWs in the correct 

ways. In China, all drivers in Nanjing, Suzhou, Shanghai, and 

381 drivers in Jilin City have received such trainings. Drivers in 

Nanjing also provided free rides to the disabled on Disability Day. 

As the only driving school approved by the Authorities to train 

disabled students since 2010, Chengdu ComfortDelGro Qing 

Yang Driving school trained 29 disabled student students in 2019, 

bringing the total to 613 to-date. In Singapore, ComfortDelGro’s 

Driving Centre waived the S$850 annual membership fee for 

private driving instructors who train handicapped learner drivers. 

In London and Liverpool, all Hackney Carriages of Computer 

Cab are wheelchair accessible. 115 new self-employed drivers in 

London participated in Disability Awareness training. In Australia, 

all of Swan Taxis’ cabbies were trained to help the elderly and 

the disabled.

SOCIAL

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

42


Group Performance Summary

Improving accessibility for vision-impaired  

commuters in Australia

CDC NSW collaborated with Guide Dogs NSW/ACT to improve bus drivers’ awareness around 

vision-impaired patrons of the community. Drivers-in-training participated in practical exercises 

to help them understand what it is like to suffer from vision loss, and thus better assist passengers 

who are blind or vision-impaired.

Going above and beyond to lend a helping hand

SBS Transit Station Manager Mr Eddie Yeow was awarded the National Kindness Award – 

Transport Gold in 2019 in recognition of his generosity and act of graciously extending a 

helping hand to an elderly lady and her daughter in 2018.  

After helping an elderly lady into her wheelchair when she needed assistance, Eddie noticed 

that her daughter looked tired and in low spirits. He therefore provided encouragement by 

sharing how he overcame the challenges of juggling between his shift work and caring for his 

aged parents. In addition, Eddie booked a taxi ride for them so that they could get home soon 

to rest. He walked them to the pick-up point and paid for their fare out of his own pocket.

Eddie’s action and words of encouragement touched the daughter’s heart and she thanked 

him on social media for what he had done for them that day, and more importantly, for giving 

her the strength to persevere.





99%

SINGAPORE

99%

UK &amp; IRELAND

69%

AUSTRALIA

Wheelchair Accessibility On Buses

43

Sustainability Report 2019


ComfortDelGro is committed to community contribution in all geographies that we 

operate in. We actively support the vulnerable and reach out to them in various areas 

including education, welfare, disaster relief and health. By providing transport and 

mobility services, we are able to link people, places and communities.

LOCAL COMMUNITIES

Why This Issue is Material 

Pursuing benefits for the business and society are not mutually 

exclusive. ComfortDelGro is dedicated to adding a human touch 

and bringing positive changes to communities that share the 

same space as we do. Being responsive to the needs of different 

local communities enables us to create shared value for all, 

helping our local communities grow sustainably in tandem with 

our business. We also recognise the benefits of community 

initiatives on employee satisfaction and sense of fulfilment. 

How We Manage This Issue 

ComfortDelGro remains committed to giving back to our 

communities and bringing communities together by providing 

transport services and expertise where they are needed. In 2019, 

we continued to care for the poor, the elderly, the children, and 

the sick, donating over S$1.24 million to various charities, social 

organisations and welfare and educational institutions in all our 

locations of operation. 

Reaching Out to the Community 

Since 2016, our social enterprise GobblerCo has been assisting 

persons with disabilities and low-income single parents by 

providing them with training and employment. In August 2019, 

GobblerCo launched Get Genie, an e-concierge service that 

saves companies the hassle of having to deal with different 

service providers by offering different services on a single 

platform, while increasing the number of job opportunities to 

persons with disabilities and low-income single parents. For 

the support it has provided, GobblerCo was recently awarded 

the Certificate of Recognition for businesses at the SG Enable’s 

5th Enabling Employers Award 2019.

In 2019, SBS Transit launched a new community engagement 

project, Project MAGIC CARES Van, in collaboration with social 

enterprise I’m Soul Inc. Converted from an existing SBS Transit 

van, the Project MAGIC CARES Van transports instruments and 

staff volunteers into neighbourhoods to bring the community 

together through music-making enabled by Soundbeam 

SOCIAL



ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

44


technology. A total of 22 staff volunteers and bus captains are 

involved in the sessions on a rotational basis to bring the music-

making experience to the communities at Toa Payoh and Ang 

Mo Kio every Thursday. 

ComfortDelGro Rent-A-Car also purchased more than S$1,500 

worth of Christmas cookies hand-made by beneficiaries of 

Movements For The Intellectually Disabled of Singapore (MIND). 

GobblerCo continued its “Gift-it-Forward” initiatives following 

the initiative’s success in 2018. Over S$25,000 worth of essentials 

were raised and distributed to 1,000 families in need in 2019.

ComfortDelGro Engineering continued its 15th year Yellow 

Ribbon initiative in partnership with Daud S Creative Barber to 

train ex-convicts to become barbers for their reintegration into 

society. It also continued to provide maintenance services at 

subsidised rates to charitable organisations under the National 

Council of Social Services. 

In the UK, Metroline undertook the refurbishment of a static bus 

located at Barking fire station in London, in June 2019. The bus 

is used by the community including local schools, faith groups, 

disabled groups, fire cadets and London Fire Brigade firefighters 

to educate and promote safety. 

Serving the Elderly Poor and Supporting the Needy

In Singapore, we continued to contribute to NTUC Eldercare, 

which provides social day care services to the elderly poor. 2019 

was another fruitful year as the 10th consecutive year (second 

five-year cycle) of partnership between ComfortDelGro and Lion 

Befrienders Service Association (Singapore) (Lion Befrienders). 

GobblerCo also supplied 130 packages of food and household 

items which were distributed by staff from ComfortDelGro 

Rent-A-Car to the needy. 

In China, ComfortDelGro contributed to disability tax payments 

and provided gifts to needy staff and drivers. In addition,  

11 staff volunteered a total of 44 days to provide travel assistance, 

information, directions and orders for the elderly, needy travellers 

and tourists.

Vietnam Taxi (Vinataxi) continued to sponsor the Lawrence S 

Ting Charity Walk that supports the poor and needy districts 

and provinces. Vinataxi also sponsored a charity trip to Tu Tam 

Nhan Ai house in May 2019.

Most recently, CDC, which has extensive operations in Australia, 

established a fund in January 2020 with an initial investment of 

A$250,000 to assist employees and members of its community 

affected by the Australian bushfires. Called the CDC We Care 

Fund, it will be used to assist in firefighting efforts and support 

families with immediate housing and living needs. CDC is also 

supporting firefighting efforts by providing paid leave and 

transport services to emergency service volunteers, as well as 

offering employee assistance counselling services to staff and 

their families affected by the fires.

Engaging the Young

ComfortDelGro is committed to helping our leaders of tomorrow.

In Australia, CDC Victoria donated A$50,000 through partnerships 

with the Western Bulldogs Community &amp; Youth, and Myki 

Sponsorship for Western Chances in January and February 

2019 respectively. These donations support underprivileged 

but talented and motivated young people in Melbourne’s west 

to realise their potential through merit-based, tailor-made 

scholarships and opportunity programmes. Yearly Myki travel 

passes were also sponsored for disadvantaged students.  

CDC established a fund in 

January 2020 with an initial 

investment of A$250,000 to 

assist employees and members 

of its community affected by 

the Australian bushfires.



45

Sustainability Report 2019


SOCIAL

In Jilin City, China, more than 10 of our cabbies provided two days 

of free taxi trips in May 2019 as part of the annual campaign to 

provide voluntary free transport to needy high-school students 

during National College Entrance Examination period.

VICOM in Singapore continued its second year of Lee Kuan Yew 

Fitzwilliam – National University of Singapore PHD Scholarships 

sponsorships. ComfortDelGro Driving Centre organised trips to 

the Road Safety Park as well as Road Safety Education talks to 

educate primary school children on good road safety habits. 

The talks were attended by more than 4,500 school children.

In Vietnam, Vinataxi sponsored almost 60 million VND towards 

the 10th Phu My Hung Look Forward to Children event. Vinataxi 

also contributed 32 million VND worth of bookstore vouchers 

for staff’s children with good academic results at the end of 

the school year.

Caring for the Sick 

In Singapore, 44 cabbies of CabbyCare Charity Group shaved 

their heads in support of Children’s Cancer Foundation’s annual 

Hair For Hope initiative, which marks the sixth year that they 

have supported this initiative. 

VICOM continued their outreach to Star PALS, a palliative home 

care service for children and youth with life-threatening or life-

limiting conditions, by maintaining donation boxes for Star PALS 

in its seven inspection centres. It also provided ComfortDelGro 

Taxi vouchers to children under the age of 19 years with life 

threatening or life-limiting conditions.

Elsewhere, our Business Units continued their support for various 

medical care and research establishments in cash or in kind. In 

the UK, Scottish Citylink raised £30,000 for children’s hospitals 

in Scotland through its Oor Wullie’s Big Bucket Trail. Metroline 

opened the doors of Potters Bar Bus garage to the public and 

donated proceeds from admission fees towards charities, including 

those supporting cancer research as well as the British Heart 

Foundation. CityFleet Networks also made donations towards 

cancer and palliative care, as well as provided support funding 

to Safespace American Society of Nephrology (ASN) families. 

In addition, ComfortDelGro Irish Citylink staff sold daffodils 

on Daffodil Day to raise funds for the Irish Cancer Society and 

supported local charities through complimentary travel vouchers 

worth €1,000 for worthy causes and as spot prizes. 

In Australia, Swan Taxis donated A$1,820 to Perth’s Children 

Hospital, the Cure Brain Cancer Foundation, and the Princess 

Margaret Hospital Foundation which support children undergoing 

life threatening treatment. Hunter Valley Buses have also raised 

A$2,500 through the Beanies for Brain Cancer campaign for the 

Mark Hughes Foundation that promotes brain cancer research 

and awareness.

Group Performance Summary

Corporate Social Responsibilities

Donations to Charity 

2017 :    

&gt; S$1.1m

2018 :    

&gt; S$1.15m

2019 :    

&gt; S$1.24m

CabbyCare, our Taxi Business’ 

cabby volunteer group, made over 

1,780 free trips to deliver meals 

and library books to the needy.



ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

46


Decommissioning and 

Refurbishing Old Taxis for 

Hospitals and Schools

ComfortDelGro Taxi has been decommissioning 

and donating taxis, starting with the Crown taxis, 

from as early as 1999. These were donated to 

hospitals, voluntary welfare organisations and 

schools for rehabilitation and education purposes. 

In the spirit of giving this past Christmas, 

ComfortDelGro Taxi decommissioned a Comfort 

Sonata taxi and presented it as a gift to Tan Tock 

Seng Hospital (TTSH). The decommissioned taxi 

will be used in TTSH’s car transfer training at its 

new Integrated Care Hub building, slated to open 

in 2022. In the meantime, the taxi is placed at the 

main hospital for TTSH occupational therapists 

to train patients with mobility issues and their 

caregivers to get in and out of the car safely. 

To-date, 27 Crown and Sonata taxis, at a combined value of over S$90,000, have been decommissioned and gifted to 

hospitals and schools for rehabilitation and education purposes.

Bringing Cheer to the  

Elderly and the Sick

In 2019, VICOM conducted several events to 

engage the elderly and sick. During the Chinese 

New Year period, they held celebrations for 220 

seniors from the Thye Hwa Kwan @ Indus Moral 

Centres, as well as patients and staff of HCA Kang 

Le Hospice (Marsiling), gifting red packets to the 

former group.

In May 2019, 16 patients from the same hospice 

were invited to participate in a cupcake baking 

session at SASCO Senior Citizens’ Home at Khatib 

(SASCO@Khatib). There, our staff volunteers 

organised a singing session with the patients and 

assisted them with light exercises before treating 

them to a healthy lunch buffet. The volunteers 

then teamed up with the patients to bake and 

decorate their cupcakes which they got to bring 

home to share with their loved ones.





47

Sustainability Report 2019




GOVERNANCE

As our operations continue to expand worldwide, it is pertinent for ComfortDelGro’s 

wide range of businesses, companies, corporations and entities, including their 

employees, agents and representatives to always be in full compliance of local laws 

and regulations in their areas of operation. We also expect our Business Units and 

Suppliers to uphold the highest ethical standards.

Business Continuity 

Management Systems 

ISO 22301

SBS Transit Bus and Rail 

completed the ISO 22301 

re-certification audit  

in 2019 with zero  

non-conformity.

Quality Management 

Certifications ISO 9001 

ComfortDelGro Taxi, 

ComfortDelGro 

Engineering and SBS 

Transit Bus and Rail 

completed re-certification 

for ISO 9001:2015 in 2019.

Singapore Governance 

and Transparency  

Index 2019 

All three listed 

companies in Singapore 

– ComfortDelGro, SBS 

Transit and VICOM –  had 

improved scores and were 

ranked within the top 7% 

of the 578 companies 

covered in the Singapore 

Governance and 

Transparency Index 2019. 

•	 ComfortDelGro:	rank	

14th (up from 17th in 

2018) 

•	 VICOM:	rank	17th	 

(same as in 2018)

•	 SBS	Transit:	rank	40th	

(same as in 2018)

2019 Highlights:

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

48




We conduct our business with integrity, transparency and honesty. We do not condone 

any corrupt practices such as bribery, extortion or embezzlement. Similarly, we do 

not condone fraudulent practices such as intentional deception or misappropriation of 

resources. Our targets are zero cases of corruption and fraud.

ANTI-CORRUPTION

Why This Issue Is Material

Business and ethical integrity are pillars of our corporate psyche. 

With operations and a workforce that span seven countries, the 

Group recognises that good corporate governance, transparency 

and integrity are key in maintaining the trust of our Stakeholders. 

How We Manage This Issue

The Group has in place strong processes that ensure impartiality 

and provide checks and balances. We also hold workshops to 

educate employees on corruption risks and conduct regular 

audits on internal practices and processes. Our employees 

are not allowed to accept payments, gifts or other kinds of 

reimbursement from a third party that could affect or appear 

to affect their objectivity in their business decisions.

We extend our anti-corruption commitments to our partners. 

Representatives of the Group are not allowed to offer Customers, 

Potential Customers, Suppliers, Consultants, Governments, 

Agencies of Governments, or any representative of such entities, 

any rewards or benefits in violation of applicable laws, in order to 

obtain or retain business or to gain any other improper advantage. 

We also require our Suppliers to operate in accordance 

with the principles in our Supplier Ethics Policy and in full 

compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. All officers 

administering and approving contracts in which they or their 

close relatives have significant interests are required to declare 

and recuse themselves from handling these contracts. Staff in 

the procurement and purchasing team make a declaration on 

conflict of interest annually. All members of the Procurement 

Category team are to attend a workshop on “Procurement Fraud 

Prevention &amp; Detection” within their first two years of service. 

The workshop equips our staff on effective internal controls 

within the procurement process, as well as the prevention and 

detection of procurement fraud.

The ComfortDelGro Alert Line facilitates whistle blowing 

reporting to the Chairperson of the ComfortDelGro Audit and 

Risk Committee and the Group Chief Internal Audit Officer. All 

whistle blowing reports are investigated thoroughly, independently 

and fairly, with prompt and proper closure.

Group Performance Summary

CORRUPTION CASES

2019:

2018:

2017:0



49

Sustainability Report 2019


As a public transport operator, ComfortDelGro is involved in and affected by public 

policy and regulatory changes. ComfortDelGro is committed to being an active 

corporate citizen and providing support in public policy decisions and regulatory 

frameworks in its countries of operation.

PUBLIC POLICY AND REGULATORY FRAMEWORK

Why This Issue Is Material

As our transport services are used by the 

public on a daily basis, we recognise the 

important role we play in shaping public 

policy and regulations in a way that benefits 

commuters, our key Stakeholders. Going 

forward, as cities increase in population 

density and demand for public transport 

rises, we are cognisant that we play an 

increasingly important role in influencing 

public policy and regulatory framework 

to aid transport operators in increasing 

their operating efficiencies and capacities.

How We Manage This Issue 

ComfortDelGro regularly engages with 

Governments and Regulators at many 

different levels to help shape public 

policy and regulations that support the 

land transport sector. We work closely 

with Association Partners and Unions on 

issues which affect them and our business. 

We actively incorporate the outcomes of 

these engagements in our decision-making 

processes and ensure that we are up to date 

with the latest regulations and stakeholder 

agreements. In doing so, we uphold our 

accountability, high business ethics and 

integrity to instil trust in our Stakeholders. 

At the same time, we expect all business 

partners, suppliers and employees to 

adhere to our guidelines on regulatory 

compliance and ethical conduct.

GOVERNANCE

Cyber Security 

Cyber security is increasingly a major security concern, escalated by a stream 

of recent major cyber security lapses worldwide. As a result, regulations on 

these aspects have tightened. In response, we prioritise personal data protection 

of our customers as well as security and integrity of our cyber systems. We 

enhanced our understanding of the current attack vectors and the associated 

mitigating behaviours in the event of cyber-attacks. To provide the highest 

assurance to our customers on protecting and using their personal data, we 

have put in place initiatives to equip our company and our employees with 

essential competencies and capabilities in relation to cyber security as well as 

approaches to deal with incidences such as data breach.

Information technology (IT) system failures are key risks for the Group since 

almost all the businesses rely heavily on IT. In recognition of the risks of a major 

system failure – disruption of the business, loss of data or a security breach of 

our information technology systems, we ensure our information technology 

security management framework complies with current industry standards. The 

Group has also implemented various controls and data recovery measures to 

mitigate the risks, including the use of intrusion prevention systems, multi-level 

firewalls, server protection, software code hardening and data loss prevention 

controls to manage Internet security and cyber threats. Audits and penetration 

tests are conducted regularly to test the integrity of the systems – to identify 

potential vulnerabilities, strengthen the security hardening of our websites, and 

ensure that high standards are maintained. 

New staff are to attend mandatory awareness training that inform them of 

the latest information security policies, procedures and risks. This is to better 

prepare them to acquire competencies, new techniques and methods that are 

essential in mitigating security risks. An ‘Information Security Awareness’ briefing 

was conducted in October 2019 as part of new staff’s onboarding programme.

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

50


Customer Privacy

In response to an amendment of the Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA), we 

reviewed and updated our Group PDPA Compliance Policy to better protect 

customer privacy. We have also developed a Data Breach Management Plan as 

a comprehensive response in the event of data and security breaches. The plan 

includes processes for reporting, assessing and evaluating risks and impacts 

of data breaches. We plan to review the PDPA Compliance Policy every two 

years and whenever there are amendments to the PDPA.  Relevant internal and 

external Stakeholders are updated as and when there are changes in policies, 

plans and practices. Compliance audits are conducted by the Group on Business 

Units from time to time to ensure adherence to the Group’s PDPA policies. 

We have appointed Data Protection Officers (DPOs) from various Business 

Units and formed a Data Protection Work Group to ensure the compliance of 

PDPA when developing and implementing policies and processes for handling 

personal data. This is to foster a data protection culture within the organisation 

and Business Units and to facilitate the communication of personal data 

protection policies to Stakeholders. 

We have identified the DPOs and data protection support staff to send for 

training in year 2020 as recommended by the PDPA competency framework. 

Business Units are also encouraged to obtain the Data Protection Trust Mark 

certification to ensure conformance to PDPA best practices.

Group Performance Summary

Political 

contributions made

Number of incidents 

of non-compliance

Number of PDPA 

breaches

0

NUMBER OF CYBERSECURITY 

BREACHES – NO MAJOR BREACH

51

Sustainability Report 2019


ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited and its subsidiaries worldwide 

(hereinafter collectively referred to as “ComfortDelGro”) procures 

a wide range of goods or services from various businesses, 

companies, corporations, persons and entities, including their

employees, agents and representatives (hereinafter collectively 

referred to as “Suppliers”), in the course of its business operations.

As such, ComfortDelGro requires its Suppliers to operate in 

accordance with the principles in this Supplier Ethics Policy 

(“Policy”) and in full compliance with all applicable laws  

and regulations. 

Suppliers are required to adhere to all local laws (including 

antitrust, anti-competition, anti-corruption and anti-fraud 

policies), maintain high ethical standards, have clear health 

&amp; safety policies, strict environmental policies, and adopt fair 

employment practices.

It is the responsibility of Suppliers to ensure their employees 

and representatives understand, comply and act consistently 

with this Policy. Failure to adhere to this Policy may result in

disqualification from consideration for business, and/or future 

business, with ComfortDelGro.

1. Compliance with Laws and Regulations

1.1.  Abidance with the Law

 

Suppliers’ business operations, as well as all goods and 

services supplied to ComfortDelGro, must fully comply with 

the laws and regulations of the countries where Suppliers’ 

operations are based as well as where goods and services 

are provided to ComfortDelGro.

1.2.  Use of Fair Business Practices

 

Suppliers must practise fair competition in accordance with 

local antitrust and competition laws. Activities that restrict 

competition must be avoided. Commercial decisions, 

including prices, terms of sale, division of markets and 

allocation of customers, must be made independent of 

understandings or agreements with competitors.

2. Ethics and Conflict of Interest

2.1.  Anti-Corruption Stance

 

Suppliers must conduct their business with integrity, 

transparency and honesty. ComfortDelGro does not 

condone any corrupt practices such as bribery, extortion 

or embezzlement in all business interactions. Suppliers 

are prohibited from offering, paying, soliciting or receiving 

(whether directly or otherwise) any form of bribe as 

inducement or reward for any business transaction with 

or involving ComfortDelGro. The term “bribe” broadly 

includes any illicit advantage such as (but is not limited 

to) cash, cash equivalents, property, loans, commissions, 

services, benefits in kind or other advantages.

2.2.  Anti-Fraud Stance

 

In the same vein, ComfortDelGro does not condone 

any fraudulent practices such as intentional deception, 

misappropriation of resources or manipulation of data. 

Suppliers are prohibited from altering or falsifying records, 

failing to account for monies received or knowingly 

providing false information for any business transaction 

with or involving ComfortDelGro.

2.3.  Gifts and Entertainment

 

ComfortDelGro is committed to conducting all business 

without undue influence. The Policy requires it to exercise 

good judgment and practise moderation in receiving 

business gifts and entertainment.

 

Suppliers must not offer or give gifts or hospitality (including 

kickbacks, favours, cash, gratuity, entertainment or anything 

of value) to any ComfortDelGro employee that is intended 

as, or may be viewed as an attempt to improperly influence 

business decisions. In addition, ComfortDelGro employees 

are prohibited from accepting initial public offering (IPO) 

stock from any Supplier. 

 

Employees will respectfully decline entertainment, gifts or 

other benefits that could in any way be construed as, or 

give the appearance of, attempting to influence business 

decisionsin favour of any person or organisation with whom 

ComfortDelGro may have business dealings.

Annex A: 

Supplier Ethics Policy

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

52


2.4.  Conflicts of Interest

 

Suppliers should seek to avoid any conflicts of interest 

that may adversely influence their business relationship 

with ComfortDelGro. Suppliers must disclose all actual, 

potential or perceived conflicts of interest situations and/

or relationships promptly to ComfortDelGro.

3. Workplace Health, Safety and Quality

3.1.  Healthy and Safe Working Environment

 

Suppliers must have in place health &amp; safety protection 

policies and management systems to provide a secure 

working environment. They must be designed to promote 

the general health of employees and reduce work-related 

injury and illness. For example, protective equipment and 

tools must be provided and replaced/maintained regularly.

3.2.  Safety

 

The safety of all goods and services supplied must be 

ensured through appropriate policies, implementation and 

monitoring.

3.3.  Quality

 

Suppliers’ policies and management systems must be 

developed to ensure that the quality of all goods and services 

are as specified in their contracts with ComfortDelGro.

4. Corporate Social and Environmental Responsibility

4.1.  Corporate Social Responsibility

 

ComfortDelGro is committed to building positive relationships 

with the communities in which we live and work by 

showing our support and care for the poor, the sick, the 

underprivileged and the aged. Suppliers are encouraged 

to support us and also seek similar opportunities in area 

of Corporate Social Responsibility.

4.2.  Environmental Responsibility

 

Local environmental laws and practices such as those 

pertaining to waste disposal (proper handling of toxic and 

hazardous waste, segregation where regulated, etc), air 

emissions and pollution must be complied with. Suppliers 

must endeavour to minimise the impact of their operations 

on the environment.

5. Non-Discriminatory &amp; Ethical Employment

5.1.  Non-Discriminatory Employment

 

Suppliers shall apply fair and ethical standards in their 

employment practices. This includes non-discrimination in 

employment, recruitment, advertisements for employment, 

compensation, termination, upgrading, promotions, and 

other conditions of employment against any employee 

or job applicant on the bases of race, ethnicity, gender, 

national origin, age, religion, marital status, disability, sexual 

orientation or gender identity.

5.2.  Ethical Employment

 

Suppliers will comply with all national laws on wages and 

working hours as well as local standards regarding child 

labour and minimum age.

6. Use of Information

6.1.  Insider Trading

 

Suppliers must not trade in the securities of ComfortDelGro 

either directly or through an intermediary while in possession 

of inside information (i.e. confidential material, non-public 

information) relating to ComfortDelGro nor should they 

pass such information on to others.

6.2.  Proprietary Information

 

Any information used by Suppliers in their business 

relationship with ComfortDelGro that is either not public 

and/or proprietary must be protected against loss and 

infringement. Any disclosure or use of such information 

other than for officially stated purposes must first be 

authorised by ComfortDelGro.

7. Ethical Concerns

If any Supplier has an actual or potential ethical concern related 

to the Policy, they can make use of the ComfortDelGro Alert Line.

ComfortDelGro Alert Line

The ComfortDelGro Alert Line comprising the following personnel 

has been set up to facilitate the reporting of incidents and the 

handling of information or evidence on matters that will give 

rise to whistle blowing. You may contact: 

Group Chief Internal Audit Officer

DID: +65 6383 7010

Email to: gciao@comfortdelgro.com

and/or the respective Chairmen of 

Audit &amp; Risk Committee (ARC)

For ComfortDelGro Corp, email to: ARC_Chairman@comfortdelgro.com

For SBS Transit Ltd, email to: ARC_Chairman@sbstransit.com.sg

For Vicom Ltd, email to: ARC_Chairman@vicom.com.sg

53

Sustainability Report 2019


Annex B: 

Workplace Safety &amp; Health 

Committees Across the Group

Country

Business Unit

Workplace 

Safety &amp; 

Health 

Committee 

or Similar 

Company 

Emergency 

Response 

Team or 

Similar

Risk 

Management 

Committee

Other  

Safety-related 

Committee

Nil

Singapore

All Business units with 

the exception of:







ComfortDelGro 

Driving Centre









ComfortDelGro Rent-

A-Car



SBS Transit





Australia

CDC in NSW





CDC in Victoria







Swan Taxis





China

East China





North China



South China





West China



Ireland

ComfortDelGro Irish 

Citylink



United Kingdom

CityFleet Networks





Metroline



Scottish Citylink 

Coaches



Vietnam

Vinataxi



Malaysia

CityLimo Leasing (M)



ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

54


Annex C: 

Detailed Information on Employees 

and Other Workers

ComfortDelGro Corporation’s 

Board of Directors By Gender

Employees By Gender

Employees By Category

Employees By Age

Female

Male

Total

SBS Transit

30.0%

70.0%

10

VICOM

30.0%

70.0%

10

30%

70%

Total 

10

Female

Male

Total

SBS Transit

10.2%

89.8%

11,002

VICOM

23.3%

76.7%

866

Total 

24,329

Female 

14.3%

Male 

85.7%

Non-

Executives

Executives 

&amp; Above

Total

SBS Transit

91.4%

8.6%

11,002

VICOM

53.2%

46.8%

866

Under 

30yrs

30-

50yrs

Over 

50yrs

Total

SBS Transit

12.1%

49.5%

38.4%

11,002

VICOM

23.6%

55.9%

20.5%

866

Total 

24,329

Executives &amp; Above 

9.6%

Non-Executives 

90.4%

Total 

24,329

Under 30yrs 

11.3%

30-50yrs 

48.6%

Over 50yrs 

40.1% 

55

Sustainability Report 2019


ANNEX C: DETAILED INFORMATION ON EMPLOYEES AND OTHER WORKERS

Employees By Country, Gender, Employment Type and Contract 

Type of Contract

Type of Employment

Permanent

Temporary

Full-time

Part-time

Male

79.5%

7.1%

81.4%

5.2%

Female

11.4%

2.0%

11.6%

1.8%

Total

90.9%

9.1%

93.0%

7.0%

Type of Contract

Type of Employment

Permanent

Temporary

Full-time

Part-time

Male

68.6%

14.4%

65.5%

18.2%

Female

10.7%

6.3%

8.4%

7.9%

Total

79.3%

20.7%

73.9%

26.1%

Type of Contract

Type of Employment

Permanent

Temporary

Full-time

Part-time

Male

46.3%

15.9%

46.3%

15.9%

Female

32.9%

4.9%

32.9%

4.9%

Total

79.2%

20.8%

79.2%

20.8%

Type of Contract

Type of Employment

Permanent

Temporary

Full-time

Part-time

Male

88.6%

0.1%

86.0%

2.7%

Female

11.3%

-

10.0%

1.3%

Total

99.9%

0.1%

96.0%

4.0%

Type of Contract

Type of Employment

Permanent

Temporary

Full-time

Part-time

Male

37.3%

24.5%

61.7%

-

Female

25.4%

12.8%

38.3%

-

Total

62.7%

37.3%

100.0%

-

Type of Contract

Type of Employment

Permanent

Temporary

Full-time

Part-time

Male

9.5%

57.1%

66.7%

-

Female

14.3%

19.1%

33.3%

-

Total

23.8%

76.2%

100.0%

-

SINGAPORE 

13,773 Employees

AUSTRALIA

3,790 Employees

VIETNAM

82 Employees

UNITED KINGDOM &amp; IRELAND

5,824 Employees

CHINA

818 Employees

MALAYSIA

42 Employees

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

56


Executives And Above By Gender

Non-Executives By Gender

Executives And Above By Age

Female

Male

Total

SBS Transit

19.7%

80.3%

950

VICOM

20.2%

79.8%

405

Female

Male

Total

SBS Transit

9.3%

90.7%

10,052

VICOM

26.0%

74.0%

461

Total 

22,003

Female 

27.2%

Female 

13.0%

Male 

72.8%

Male 

87.0%

Under 

30yrs

30-

50yrs

Over 

50yrs

Total

SBS Transit

8.6%

57.0%

34.4%

947

VICOM

15.3%

63.2%

21.5%

405

Under 30yrs 

9.7%

30-50yrs 

59.9%

Over 50yrs 

30.4% 

Non-Executives By Age

Under 

30yrs

30-

50yrs

Over 

50yrs

Total

SBS Transit

12.5%

48.8%

38.7%

10,055

VICOM

30.8%

49.5%

19.7%

461

Total 

22,008

Under 30yrs 

11.5%

30-50yrs 

47.4%

Over 50yrs 

41.1% 

Total 

22,008

Total 

2,321

Total 

2,329

57

Sustainability Report 2019


ANNEX C: DETAILED INFORMATION ON EMPLOYEES AND OTHER WORKERS

New Hires By Age

Staff Turnover By Age

Under 

30yrs

30-

50yrs

Over 

50yrs

Total

SBS Transit

18.5%

50.4%

31.1%

1,226

VICOM

50.3%

44.7%

5.0%

179

Under 

30yrs

30-

50yrs

Over 

50yrs

Total

SBS Transit

13.2%

45.6%

41.2%

1,318

VICOM

34.2%

56.6%

9.2%

152

Total 

3,352

Under 30yrs 

25.3%

Under 30yrs 

18.8%

30-50yrs 

49.1%

30-50yrs 

46.7%

Over 50yrs 

25.6% 

Over 50yrs 

34.5% 

New Hires By Countries

Singapore 

51.2%

Malaysia 

0.2%

Vietnam 

0.3%

Total 

3,352

UK 

24.4% 

Australia 

21.5% 

China 

2.4% 

Total 

3,720

Total 

3,352

Data has been collected by the individual Business Units using a standard template to ensure consistency in understanding and uniformity in data submission. The 

completed templates are submitted to the Group Human Resource’s Singapore corporate office twice a year for review and compilation.

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

58


Annex D:  

GRI Content Index

GRI STANDARD NUMBER

DISCLOSURE NUMBER

CHAPTER / REMARKS

PAGE NUMBER 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

General Disclosures   

GRI 102 : General 

Disclosures 2016

102-1 Name of the organisation

About this Report

1

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and 

services

Annual Report, Operations Review 

AR 32-57

102-3 Location of headquarters

Singapore

102-4 Location of operations

Annual Report, Global Footprint

AR 2-3

102-5 Ownership and legal form

ComfortDelGro Corporation

Limited as well as its subsidiaries SBS 

Transit Ltd and VICOM Ltd are listed at the 

Singapore Stock Exchange.

102-6 Markets served

Annual Report, Operations Review

AR 32-57

102-7 Scale of the organisation

Annual Report, Global Footprint

Annual Report, Group Financial Highlights

AR 2-3

AR 13-15

102-8 Information on employees and other 

workers

Annex C: Detailed information on 

employees and other workers

No significant number of different 

employment contracts, of non-permanent 

employees or of supervised workers. 

No significant variations in employment 

numbers.

55-58

102-9 Supply chain

Our Approach to Sustainability:  

Managing Our Supply Chain

19

102-10 Significant changes to the 

organisation and its supply chain

Annual Report, Operations Review

AR 32-57

102-11 Precautionary Principle or approach

Our Approach to Sustainability: 

Sustainability and Risk Governance

15

102-12 External initiatives

Our Approach to Sustainability: 

Sustainability and Risk Governance

Environmental: Energy Efficiency

Social: Diversity and Non-discrimination

15

25-26

39

102-13 Membership of associations 

National Taxi Association

Global Compact Network Singapore

102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker

Our Approach to Sustainability

8

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and 

norms of behaviour 

Annual Report, Inside front cover

Our Approach to Sustainability: 

Sustainability and Risk Governance

AR Inside front cover

15

102-18 Governance structure 

Annual Report, Corporate Governance

About this Report

Our Approach to Sustainability: 

Sustainability and Risk Governance

Social: Health &amp; Safety

Annex B: Workplace Safety &amp; Health 

Committees Across the Group

AR 59-74 

1

15

32

54

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

Our Approach to Sustainability:  

Our Stakeholders

16-17

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements

Social: Employee Engagement

36

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Our Approach to Sustainability:  

Our Stakeholders

16

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement

Our Approach to Sustainability:  

Our Stakeholders

16-17

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised

Our Approach to Sustainability:  

Our Stakeholders

16-17

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements  

Annual Report, Directories

About this Report

AR 81-84

1

59

Sustainability Report 2019


ANNEX D: GRI CONTENT INDEX

GRI STANDARD NUMBER

DISCLOSURE NUMBER

CHAPTER / REMARKS

PAGE NUMBER 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

General Disclosures   

102-46 Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries 

Our Approach to Sustainability: Materiality

13

102-47 List of material topics 

Our Approach to Sustainability: Materiality

13

102-48 Restatements of information 

No restatements of information in 2019

102-49 Changes in reporting 

About this Report

1

102-50 Reporting period 

About this Report

1

102-51 Date of most recent report 

27 March 2019

102-52 Reporting cycle

About this Report

1

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding 

the report 

About this Report

1

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance 

with the GRI Standards

About this Report

1

102-55 GRI content index

Annex D: GRI Content Index

59-63

102-56 External assurance 

About this Report

1

Topic Specific Disclosures

Economic Performance 

GRI 103 : Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Our Approach to Sustainability: 

Materiality

Economic

13

20-21

103-2 The management approach and its 

components 

Economic

20-21

103-3 Evaluation of the management 

approach

Economic

20-21

GRI 201 : Economic 

Performance 2016

201-1 Direct economic value generated and 

distributed

Economic

20-21

Anti-Corruption

GRI 103 : Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Our Approach to Sustainability: Materiality

Our Approach to Sustainability:  

Our Stakeholders

Our Approach to Sustainability:  

Managing Our Supply Chain

13

17

19

103-2 The management approach and its 

components 

Our Approach to Sustainability: Materiality

Our Approach to Sustainability:  

Our Stakeholders

Our Approach to Sustainability: Managing  

Our Supply Chain

Annual Report, Risk Management

13

17

19

AR 78-80

103-3 Evaluation of the management 

approach

Annual Report, Risk Management

AR 78-80

GRI 205 : Anti-

Corruption 2016

205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption

Our Approach to Sustainability: Managing  

Our Supply Chain

Governance: Anti-corruption

19

49

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and 

actions taken

Governance: Anti-corruption

49

 Energy

GRI 103 : Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Our Approach to Sustainability: Materiality

Environmental: Energy Efficiency

13

23-27

103-2 The management approach and its 

components 

Environmental: Energy Efficiency

23-27

103-3 Evaluation of the management 

approach

Environmental: Energy Efficiency

23-27

GRI 302 : Energy 2016

302-1 Energy consumption within the 

organisation

Environmental: Energy Efficiency

25-26

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

60


GRI STANDARD NUMBER

DISCLOSURE NUMBER

CHAPTER / REMARKS

PAGE NUMBER 

Water

GRI 103 : Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

Our Approach to Sustainability: Materiality

Environmental: Water Consumption

13

30

103-2 The management approach and 

its components 

Environmental: Water Consumption

30

103-3 Evaluation of the management 

approach

Environmental: Water Consumption

30

GRI 303 : Water 2016

303-1 Water withdrawal by source

Environmental: Water Consumption

About 97% of water consumed by the Group 

in 2019 is from municipal water supplies, and 

about 3% is from rainwater. 

30

Emissions

GRI 103 : Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

Our Approach to Sustainability: Materiality

Environmental: Energy Efficiency

13

23-27

103-2 The management approach and 

its components 

Environmental: Energy Efficiency

23-27

103-3 Evaluation of the management 

approach

Environmental: Energy Efficiency

23-27

GRI 305 : Emissions 2016

305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 

In 2019, Scope 1 GHG emissions for 

ComfortDelGro Group, SBS Transit and VICOM 

were 931,843 tonnes CO2e, 407,461 tonnes 

CO2e and 317 tonnes CO2e respectively.

Emission factors for Scope 1 emissions are 

sourced from the World Resources Institute’s 

GHG Protocol tools for stationary

combustion (version 4.1) and for transport or 

mobile sources (version 2.6).

305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG 

emissions 

In 2019, Scope 2 GHG emissions for 

ComfortDelGro Group, SBS Transit and VICOM 

were 204,262 tonnes CO2e, 189,881 tonnes 

CO2e and 2,236 tonnes CO2e respectively.

Emission factors for Scope 2 emissions are 

from Singapore’s Energy Market Authority,

Australia’s Department of the Environment and 

Energy, the UK’s Department for Environment, 

Food &amp; Rural Affairs, and

Sustainable Energy Authority of Ireland. CO2, 

CH4 and N2O are included in the calculations 

for Australia and the UK, while only CO2 is 

included for Singapore.

305-4 GHG emissions intensity

GHG emissions intensity figure includes Scope 

1 and Scope 2 emissions. CO2, CH4 and N2O 

are included in the calculations for Australia 

and the UK, while only CO2 is included for 

Singapore.

26

 Effluents and Waste 

GRI 103 : Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

Our Approach to Sustainability: Materiality

Environmental: Waste Management

13

28-29

103-2 The management approach and 

its components 

Environmental: Waste Management

28-29

103-3 Evaluation of the management 

approach

Environmental: Waste Management

28-29

GRI 306 : Effluents and 

Waste 2016

306-2 Waste by type and disposal 

method 

Environmental: Waste Management

28-29

61

Sustainability Report 2019


GRI STANDARD NUMBER

DISCLOSURE NUMBER

CHAPTER / REMARKS

PAGE NUMBER 

 Labour-Management Relations

GRI 103 : Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Our Approach to Sustainability: 

Materiality

Social: Employee Engagement

13

36-37

103-2 The management approach and its 

components 

Social: Employee Engagement

36-37

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Social: Employee Engagement

36-37

GRI 402 : Labour-

Management Relations 2016

402-1 Minimum notice periods regarding operational 

changes

Social: Employee Engagement

36-37

Occupational Health &amp; Safety

GRI 103 : Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Our Approach to Sustainability: 

Materiality

Social: Health &amp; Safety

13

32-35

103-2 The management approach and its 

components 

Social: Health &amp; Safety

32-35

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Social: Health &amp; Safety

32-35

GRI 403 : Occupational 

Health &amp; Safety 2016

403-2 Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, 

and number of work-related fatalities

Social: Health &amp; Safety

Workplace non-fatal injuries were 

mainly due to Slips, Trips and Falls, 

Injury By or Struck Against Moving 

or Stationary Objects, and Work-

related Traffic Accidents/Struck by 

Moving Vehicle.

33-35

403-3 Workers with high incidence or high risk of 

diseases related to their occupation 

Social: Health &amp; Safety

Measures have been taken to 

manage risks of occupational 

diseases.

33-35

Training and Education

GRI 103 : Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Our Approach to Sustainability: 

Materiality

Social: Employee Training 

13

40-41

103-2 The management approach and its 

components 

Social: Employee Training

40-41

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Social: Employee Training

40-41

GRI 404 : Training and 

Education 2016

404-1 Average hours of training per year per 

employee

Social: Employee Training

40

404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular 

performance and career development reviews

Social: Employee Training

All our employees receive 

performance and career 

development reviews annually.

40

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

GRI 103 : Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Our Approach to Sustainability: 

Materiality

Social: Diversity and  

Non-discrimination 

13

39

103-2 The management approach and its 

components 

Social: Diversity and  

Non-discrimination

39

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Social: Diversity and  

Non-discrimination

39

GRI 405 : Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity 2016

405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees

Social: Diversity and  

Non-discrimination

Annex C: Detailed information on 

employees and other workers

39

57

ANNEX D: GRI CONTENT INDEX

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

62


GRI STANDARD NUMBER

DISCLOSURE NUMBER

CHAPTER / REMARKS

PAGE NUMBER 

Non-discrimination

GRI 103 : Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Our Approach to Sustainability: 

Materiality

Social: Diversity and  

Non-discrimination 

13

39

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Social: Diversity and  

Non-discrimination

39

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Social: Diversity and  

Non-discrimination

39

GRI 406 :  

Non-discrimination 2016

406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions 

taken

There were zero incidents of 

discrimination reported in 2019.

Local Communities

GRI 103 : Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Our Approach to Sustainability: 

Materiality

Social: Local Communities 

13

44-47

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Social: Local Communities

44-47

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Social: Local Communities

44-47

GRI 413 : Local 

Communities 2016

413-1 Operations with local community engagement, 

impact assessments, and development programmes

Social: Local Communities

Almost all of our operations 

have implemented local 

community engagement or 

development programmes.

44-47

413-2 Operations with significant actual and potential 

negative impacts on local communities

Social: Local Communities

44-47

Public Policy 

GRI 103 : Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Our Approach to Sustainability: 

Materiality

Our Approach to Sustainability: 

Our Stakeholders

13

17

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Our Approach to Sustainability: 

Materiality

Our Approach to Sustainability: 

Our Stakeholders

13

17

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Our Approach to Sustainability: 

Our Stakeholders

17

GRI 415 : Public Policy 2016

415-1 Political contributions 

ComfortDelGro has no political 

affiliations nor did it make any 

political contributions during 

the year.

Customer Health &amp; Safety

GRI 103 : Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Our Approach to Sustainability: 

Materiality

Social: Health &amp; Safety

13

32-33

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Social: Health &amp; Safety

32-33, 35

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Social: Health &amp; Safety

32-35

GRI 416 : Customer Health 

&amp; Safety 2016

416-1 Assessment of the health &amp; safety impacts of 

product and service categories

All of our operations are 

regularly assessed for health &amp; 

safety improvements.

416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the 

health &amp; safety impacts of products and services 

Social: Health &amp; Safety

35

Accessibility

GRI 103 : Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Our Approach to Sustainability: 

Materiality

Social: Accessibility

13

42-43

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Social: Accessibility

42-43

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Social: Accessibility

42-43

Non-GRI

Percentage of wheelchair accessible buses

Social: Accessibility

43

63

Sustainability Report 2019


All rights reserved. Some information in this Sustainability Report constitute ‘forward looking statements’, which reflect ComfortDelGro’s 

current intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other 

factors, many of which may be outside ComfortDelGro’s control. You are urged to view all forward looking statements with caution. No 

information herein should be reproduced without the express written permission of ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited. All information 

herein is correct at the time of publication. For updated information, please contact our Corporate Office.




ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited

205 Braddell Road

Singapore 579701

Mainline (65) 6383 8833

Facsimile (65) 6287 0311

www.comfortdelgro.com

Company Registration No. 200300002K

