








































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited reaffirms our 

commitment to sustainability with the publication of this, 

our first standalone Sustainability Report 2015.

This Report, which focusses on the economic, environmental 

and social impact caused by our everyday activities, was 

prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative’s 

(GRI) G4 Sustainability Reporting Guidelines at Core level. 

Given GRI G4’s focus on materiality, this Report focusses 

on aspects which have been deemed as material to 

ComfortDelGro’s businesses and key Stakeholders.

Your feedback is welcome and you can reach us at 

sustainability@comfortdelgro.com.

Reporting Period and Scope

This Report articulates ComfortDelGro’s strategies and 

practices in all aspects of sustainability, and provides a 

detailed account of our sustainability performance in our 

Singapore operations, which account for 60.0% of total 

Group revenue. It is based on the Group’s financial year from 

1 January to 31 December 2015 and will be published annually. 

As this is our first standalone Sustainability Report, we have 

provided very limited historical information.

ABOUT THIS REPORT

This Report supplements ComfortDelGro’s Annual Report 

2015, which can be found on our corporate website 

www. comfortdelgro.com. The Sustainability Report 

underscores our commitment to keep all Stakeholders 

– Customers, Employees, Investors, Business Partners, 

Regulators and Community members – abreast of efforts and 

developments in the field of Corporate Social Responsibility. 

In accordance with our efforts to be more environmentally 

friendly, print copies of this Report, together with the Annual 

Report, will only be made available to Shareholders who 

request for them. 

Independent Consultancy

An independent Sustainability consulting firm, Paia Consulting, 

was appointed to provide external assistance with the 

development of the contents of this Report, in line with the 

GRI G4 (Core) guidelines. We intend to seek external assurance 

in the future.

1

Sustainability Report 2015


AS WE WORK AT IMPROVING OUR SUSTAINABILITY 

PROFILE, WE CONTINUE TO KEEP IN VIEW OUR CORE 

VALUES OF SETTING REALISTIC AND CHALLENGING  

GOALS WHILST UPHOLDING THE TENETS OF 

INTEGRITY AND ETHICS.



MESSAGE FROM THE GROUP CEO

2

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited


In this, our maiden Sustainability Report entitled 

“ComfortDelGro: Creating Value Together”, we share our 

approach to integrating sustainability into our policies, 

structure, management and operations. For this first Report, 

we focus on our Singapore operations, providing insights into 

the way we do business, while highlighting the economic, 

environmental and social aspects of our developments and 

operations in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative 

Guidelines (G4 Core). We intend to include developments in 

our overseas businesses in future Reports.

Sustainability Review

In FY 2015, we undertook an extensive review of our Group’s 

sustainability practices, benchmarking our activities against 

the industry’s best and affirming our commitment to 

our Stakeholders.

As part of this review, we undertook a materiality test and 

based on that, focussed this Report on issues that matter most 

to our businesses and our Stakeholders, both internal and 

external. These include environmental stewardship, economic 

performance, health and safety, labour practices, energy 

efficiency, accessibility and social responsibility.

Conclusion

As a global transport Group, we are fully cognisant that what 

we do has an impact on the environment. To this end, we 

have, and continue to, work closely with Regulators as well 

as vehicle manufacturers and suppliers to reduce our overall 

carbon footprint. 

As we work at improving our sustainability profile, we 

continue to keep in view our Core Values of setting realistic 

and challenging goals whilst upholding the tenets of integrity 

and ethics.

Introduction

At ComfortDelGro, corporate responsibility is not just a 

catchphrase but an integral part of our moral fabric – closely 

intertwined with everything that we do.

It is, in fact, central to the way we conduct our business. From 

health and safety to recycling and waste management, from 

energy efficiency to people empowerment, we have been, and 

continue to be, deeply committed to ensuring that our best 

efforts are deployed at all times. Indeed, our guiding principle 

has been to pursue benefits for both the Group and the society 

at large. It is a two-pronged approach in which we look at ways 

to create a sustainable environment while we develop and 

grow our business.

Put simply, it is about Shared Value Creation.

Our Commitment

Certainly, this has been a part of our corporate culture since 

our inception in 2003. As our businesses have grown through 

the years, so too has our commitment to the issues that we 

accord great importance – either because of their impact on us or 

our Stakeholders, or on society and the environment at large.

For example, in 2007, we formally articulated our commitment 

to the environment in a Green Statement. We also set up a 

Green Committee to champion environmentalism within 

the Group. 

To safeguard our employees’ rights, we work closely with our 

Unions and enter into Collective Agreements which include 

salaries, working hours and conditions, leave, medical benefits 

as well as health insurance. Employee handbooks are also given 

to our staff so that they are always aware of their rights. 

We are also deeply committed to our customers and this is 

clearly articulated in our customer charters.

During the year, we have also improved our emissions profile 

per passenger journey and increased the proportion of waste 

recycled. We have, and continue to, encourage and promote 

the use of public transport so as to ensure a modal shift away 

from car use. 

Kua Hong Pak

Managing Director/Group CEO

3

Sustainability Report 2015


COMFORTDELGRO IN FOCUS

COMFORTDELGRO IN FOCUS

SOCIAL IMPACT*

*For Singapore operations only

of SBS Transit’s basic bus services 

are wheelchair friendly

91

%

Donation to Charity in 2015: 

OVER

CLOSE TO

CLOSE TO

S$1 MILLION

Number of free taxi trips by 

CabbyCare Charity Group:

4,150

Passenger injuries: 

1.56 PER 

ONE MILLION KM

Accident Severity Rate:

29.66

(2014 Industry Average: 41.0)

Accident Frequency Rate:

1.71

(2014 Industry Average: 0.60)

Employees who are  

at least 60 years old: 

15 

%

Major nationalities  

in our workforce:

5

14 

Female employees:

%

10%

10%

14%

22%

28%







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































4

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited


*For Singapore operations only

ABOUT

(2014: 21,850)

Paper recycled:

48,730 KG

(2014: 35,068)

Paper used:

30,906 REAMS

Waste collected:

3,442

TONNES

Energy used:

259,790,516 KWH

Water used:

1,854,305 M3

%

93

Number of vehicles  

in Singapore fitted with CCTVs 

or in-vehicle cameras:

ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT*

Greenhouse Gas emissions:

1,120,332

TONNES CO2e

Workplace fatalities:

Non-fatal workplace injuries:

0

72

5

Sustainability Report 2015


Materiality guides ComfortDelGro 

on issues to focus on for long-term 

sustainability. This being our first 

standalone Sustainability Report, 

we conducted an in-depth materiality 

assessment based on internal and 

external stakeholder expectations. 

The issues that have been identified as 

material to us are environmental and 

social issues that reflect significant 

impact of our operations, or could 

substantively influence the assessments 

and decisions of our Stakeholders. 

Based on international best practice, 

we have made an initial prioritisation 

of the issues using the internationally 

accepted AccountAbility 5-Part 

Materiality Test model, embedded in 

the AA1000 standard. 

The materiality assessment involved 

ComfortDelGro’s Senior Management 

as well as External Stakeholders. Their 

rating is shown in the diagram provided.

Accessibility

As a provider of land transport services, 

accessibility is a critical part of our 

business focus. We are committed to 

providing our services equitably to 

serve all customers – independent of 

age or ability. To this end, we invest 

extensively in systems, processes and 

new technologies including wheelchair- 

accessible and low-floor buses. 

Anti-Corruption 

Business and ethical integrity are 

pillars of our corporate psyche. The 

ComfortDelGro Group does not tolerate 

corruption in any part of its business. 

Non-Discrimination

Energy Efficiency, Air 

Emissions

Labour-

Management 

Relations, Employee 

Engagement

Health &amp; Safety

Public Policy 

and Regulatory 

Framework

Economic 

Performance

Anti-Corruption

Water Consumption

Diversity

Local Communities

Waste Management

Employee Training

Accessibility

0.00

1.00

2.00

3.00

4.00

internal

external

MATERIALITY

Medium

Anti-Corruption (I&amp;E) 

Economic Performance (I&amp;E) 

Energy Efficiency, Air Emissions (I&amp;E) 

Health &amp; Safety (I&amp;E) 

Labour-Management Relations, Employee Engagement (I) 

Non-Discrimination (I&amp;E) 

Public Policy and Regulatory Framework (I&amp;E)

Accessibility (E) 

Diversity (I&amp;E) 

Employee Training (I)  

Local Communities (E) 

Waste Management (I&amp;E) 

Water Consumption (I&amp;E)

Level of Relevance

High

Material Issue

(I=Internally relevant, E=Externally relevant)

[G4-19, G4-20, G4-21]

[G4-18]

table: list of material issues

diagram: ranking of material issues by stakeholders

6

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited


Our fight against corruption is guided by 

the following principles:

• 

The ComfortDelGro Group shall 

not participate in or endorse any 

corrupt practices. 

• 

Representatives of the Group shall 

not offer customers, potential 

customers, suppliers, consultants, 

governments, agencies of 

governments, or any representative 

of such entities, any rewards or 

benefits in violation of applicable 

laws or established business 

practices stricter than applicable 

laws, in order to obtain or retain 

business or to gain any other 

improper advantage. 

• 

Our employees shall not accept 

payments, gifts or other kinds 

of reimbursement from a third 

party that could affect or appear 

to affect their objectivity in their 

business decisions.

Diversity 

ComfortDelGro embraces diversity. 

We believe in creating an inclusive 

environment where our employees treat 

each other equally, honestly and with 

respect. We want to nurture a culture 

where diverse perspectives can help 

drive our Group forward. 

We strive to provide a fair and 

supportive work environment for all 

our employees, regardless of their age, 

sex, marital status, sexual orientation, 

disability, race, colour, nationality, 

ethnic or national origin, religion, or 

affiliation to any political party or trade 

union. We aim to employ people who 

reflect the diverse nature of society 

and we value each of our employees 

for the contribution they make, both 

individually, and as part of the Group.

Our policy applies to recruitment and 

selection, terms and conditions of 

employment including pay, promotion, 

training, transfer, references and every 

other aspect of employment.

Economic Performance

ComfortDelGro believes in creating 

long-term economic value for our 

Shareholders as well as the key 

Stakeholders by adopting responsible 

business practices and growing the 

business in a sustainable manner. 

Details of the Group’s economic 

performance for 2015 can be found 

in our Annual Report 2015.

Energy Use and Air Emissions

The ComfortDelGro Group is committed 

to managing and minimising the impact 

of our business operations on the 

environment. Our commitment to the 

environment is steadfast. Whether it 

is the vehicles we run or the buildings 

we operate in, we are committed to 

ensuring that our Green Quotient is 

kept high.

We endeavour to continue to improve 

the management of our environmental 

impact by reducing resource usage 

and minimising waste. We are firmly 

committed to investing in new, more 

environmentally friendly vehicles, so as 

to reduce our emissions footprint.

Health &amp; Safety

As a land transport Group, managing 

the health and safety of our customers, 

our employees and the public is not 

just a priority, it is a necessity. With 

close to 46,650 vehicles plying the 

roads in seven countries, we have in 

place stringent checks, systems and 

processes to ensure that health and 

safety is never compromised. We have 

also invested heavily in training and 

retraining courses, run safety awareness 

and training programmes to instil 

and reinforce a safety and security 

conscious culture in employees at all 

levels. This safety focus continues to be 

strongly reflected in the Group’s policies, 

procedures and training. 

Labour-Management Relations, 

Employee Engagement 

Our people are undoubtedly our most 

valued assets. Without them, we would 

not be where we are today. Indeed, 

we strongly subscribe to the view that 

a happy and motivated workforce 

will ultimately translate into happy 

and satisfied customers. In the long 

run, this can only result in growth for 

the organisation. 

To this end, we provide equal 

opportunities to our staff, invest in 

comprehensive training to develop 

them to their maximum potential 

and engage them actively in what we 

do. Significantly, as an employer, we 

ensure that all terms and conditions 

of employment, along with policies 

and procedures, comply with 

relevant regulations. 

Local Communities 

ComfortDelGro is committed to 

community contribution in all the 

geographies we operate in. We actively 

reach out in various areas including 

education, welfare, disaster relief 

and health.

Public Policy and  

Regulatory Framework

ComfortDelGro engages with 

Governments at many different levels to 

help shape public policy and regulations 

that support the land transport sector. 

We also work closely with Regulators, 

Association Partners and Unions on 

issues which affect our business and 

our Stakeholders.

Employee Training 

ComfortDelGro invests continually in 

our employees to develop their skills and 

talent. We ensure that our employees 

understand their responsibilities and 

are given access to necessary training 

to equip them to do their jobs better.

While most of the material issues are 

relevant to all our Business Units, issues 

like Public Policy, Accessibility and Local 

Communities are most relevant for our 

bus and train businesses. Environmental 

material issues are of highest significance 

for our bus, train and taxi businesses.

7

Sustainability Report 2015


THE GREEN STATEMENT



















The ComfortDelGro Group of Companies aims to minimise the impact of 

its activities on the Environment by ensuring continuous improvement in 

environmental performance whilst bearing in mind prevailing technical 

and operational constraints. The Group is also committed to complying 

with all statutory and regulatory requirements.

Our overall goal in environmental management is to minimise the 

harmful effects of our operations across Singapore, United Kingdom, 

Ireland, China, Australia, Vietnam and Malaysia on the environment. 

By striving to reduce the environmental footprint of each passenger 

journey, ComfortDelGro can contribute to reductions in air pollution from 

road transport and carbon dioxide emissions. A complete elimination of 

harmful emissions is, however, not possible and we will explore how best 

we can offset any negative impact we have on the environment.

We endeavour to continue to improve the management of our 

environmental impact by reducing resource usage and minimising waste. 

We will continue to make ongoing investments in new vehicles so as to 

reduce our emissions profile. We will also continue to support research 

into alternative fuels.





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































8

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited


To achieve this, we will:

• 

Identify, assess and actively manage all material aspects of 

our environmental impact; 

• 

Continually improve the environmental performance 

and minimise impact through resource and energy 

management and pollution prevention;

• 

Manage our carbon footprint and energy consumption 

through use of technology, process improvements, energy 

optimisation and other efficiency measures; and 

• 

Adopt plans and measures throughout our operations 

and infrastructure to mitigate the longer term risks of 

climate change.

These goals and strategies are clearly outlined and displayed 

in all our offices to motivate our staff. 

Vehicle Emissions Profile

ComfortDelGro has always been among the first adopters of 

the Government’s Green Policies in deploying suitable vehicles 

for service in support of the environment. 

For example, ComfortDelGro Taxis 

registered its first Euro 5 Hyundai i-40 

taxi in August 2013. It also became the 

first taxi operator in Southeast Asia to 

roll out Euro 6 limousines in May 2015, 

several years ahead of the Government’s 

deadline of January 2018 for diesel 

vehicles to meet the Euro 6 standards. 

The 150 limousines come with Adblue 

tanks that help reduce harmful 

emissions by transforming 90% of the nitrogen oxide into 

environmentally friendly particles such as water and nitrogen. 

They also emit only 124g of carbon per kilometre compared 

to 129g/km for the Euro 5 and 132g/km for the older Euro 4 

models. The carbon emissions from the newer fleet with better 

emission standards, as shown below, is also lower:

• 

Euro 4 Hyundai Sonata – 184g/km

• 

Euro 5 Hyundai i-40 – 159g/km

The ComfortDelGro Group is committed to minimising 

environmental impact. In fact, the very nature of a large part 

of our business is to try to steer communities away from the 

use of private cars. We are continually looking at ways to 

manage and minimise the impact of our business operations 

on the environment. Our commitment to the environment is 

steadfast. Whether it is the vehicles we run or the buildings 

we operate in, we are committed to ensuring that our Green 

Quotient is kept high.

We endeavour to continue to improve the management of 

our environmental impact by reducing resource usage and 

minimising waste. We are firmly committed to investing in 

new, more environmentally friendly vehicles, so as to reduce 

our emissions footprint.

We effectively manage energy efficiency, air emissions, 

waste and water consumption. Our environmental policy 

has been implemented for close to a decade under the 

supervision of our Green Committee, involving Senior 

Management and all relevant Business Units/Central 

Functions. ComfortDelGro compiles the necessary data 

and reviews its performance regularly, deciding on and 

implementing improvement measures. 

Our longer term environmental goals are:

• 

To improve our emissions profile per passenger journey and 

per passenger kilometre;

• 

To reduce waste and to increase the proportion of waste 

reused/recycled;

• 

To improve the environmental management standards 

across the Group;

• 

To continue to encourage and promote the use of public 

transport so as to ensure a modal shift away from car use;

• 

To continue to support initiatives on research and trial the 

use of alternative fuels;

• 

To continuously work at inculcating and strengthening the 

Green Culture amongst the staff.

ENVIRONMENT

84%

of SBS Transit’s buses are 

at least Euro 4 or better

23% to 25%

SBS Transit’s trial of two hybrid 

buses recorded fuel savings from 

during trial

150 

ComfortDelGro Taxis rolled out 

Euro 6 limousines in 

May 2015 

99.5% 

First Inspection Passing Rate 

for ComfortDelGro Taxis:

All of 

ComfortDelGro 

taxis are 

environmentally 

friendly

9

Sustainability Report 2015


The vast majority of our electricity consumption is used for 

operating trains. Electricity consumption in 2015 increased 

by 14.3% (Table 1) as a result of an increase in businesses and 

better data coverage.

2015

2014

Electricity Consumption (kWh)

Total

table 1: electricity consumption

227,272,705

259,790,516

As at December 2015, our taxi fleet comprised 70% Euro 4 

taxis, 29% Euro 5 taxis and 1% Euro 6 taxis. 

Our bus fleets are also environmentally friendly. In 2008, SBS 

Transit became the first operator in Asia to purchase Euro 5 

European Enhanced Environmentally Friendly Vehicles (EEV) 

buses, which reduce the emission of unburnt hydrocarbons 

by 46% as compared to the standard Euro 5 models. In 2010, 

SBS Transit started a trial of two hybrid electric buses. This 

was a first in the Singapore public transport industry. Fuel 

savings ranging from 23% to 25% was recorded during the trial 

period. That same year, a brief trial was also conducted with a 

hydrogen fuel cell bus. In 2015, SBS Transit trialled a hybrid bus 

for a second time, and added another 348 Euro 5 double deck 

and single deck buses to its fleet.

By end of 2015, about 84% of SBS Transit’s entire bus fleet 

in Singapore, translating to about 3,070 buses, was labelled 

Euro 4 or better. The average age of its bus fleet was 5.6 years 

compared to 5.7 years in 2014.

Our buses covered more ground – from 239,707,645km in 2014 

to 251,038,943km in 2015. An increase in passenger volume 

meant we added more double deck buses to our fleet, resulting 

in greater energy consumption per kilometre, but a reduced 

energy consumption per passenger journey. 

Our other Business Units in Singapore also added to their 

fleets. ComfortDelGro Bus replaced 32 of its older buses with 

Euro 5 buses and ComfortDelGro Driving Centre more than 

doubled its fleet of Euro 4 vehicles during the year.

We do not just buy Green Vehicles, we also work hand in hand 

with our vehicle manufacturers and fuel suppliers in the field 

of Green Engineering, providing them with valuable feedback 

with regards to the engineering performance of prototype 

vehicles and fuel technologies.

ComfortDelGro is also committed to ensuring that harmful 

emissions of all vehicles are minimised as far as possible. 

Our subsidiary, VICOM, operates a S$5.8 million facility 

that can conduct vehicle exhaust gaseous and particulate 

matter emission tests in compliance with Euro 5 or more 

stringent exhaust emission standards. The VICOM Emission 

Test Laboratory works closely with the Authorities to ensure 

that newly registered diesel and petrol-driven vehicles, as 

well as motorcycles and scooters comply with the more 

stringent emission standards that was implemented in 2014. 

As a partner of the National Environment Agency’s (NEA) 

Programme for Environmental Experiential Learning, VICOM 

also helps to demonstrate the importance of regular vehicle 

inspections to road users and overseas regulators which 

ultimately helps to ensure that vehicles comply with the fuel 

emission standards. 

Since 2005, VICOM’s wholly-owned subsidiary, SETSCO, has 

been providing testing and auditing services for the Singapore 

Environment Council’s (SEC) Singapore Green Labelling 

Scheme. This label endorses consumer products and services 

that have a smaller carbon footprint in the environment.

Greenhouse Gas emissions from fuel and electricity for our 

businesses was 1,120,332 tonnes CO2e in 2015 including fuel 

and electricity for our public scheduled and private charter 

buses, trains, automotive engineering, taxis, driving centre and 

car rental &amp; leasing as well as corporate businesses. 

Fuel Efficiency

Being in the land transport business, fuel efficiency ranks 

high on our priority list. This is especially important given the 

amount of time our vehicles spend on the road. Most of our 

taxis, for example, run practically non-stop as the bulk of them 

operates on dual shifts.

We estimated that our corporate business, public scheduled 

and private charter buses as well as taxis used 390.1 million 

litres of fuel in 2015.1

With advancements in vehicular technology, ComfortDelGro 

Taxis has been deploying taxis with smaller engine capacities, 

without compromising on performance. The two-litre Euro 4 

Hyundai Sonata taxi has, for instance, been replaced by the 

1.7-litre Euro 5 Hyundai i-40 model. 

ENVIRONMENT

1 This estimate includes the actual diesel consumption by our public scheduled and private charter buses as well as taxis. It excludes the fuel consumption of vehicle 

fleets belonging to our driving centre and car rental &amp; leasing businesses.

10

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited


500

0

Waste (tonnes)

2015

2014

Total

table 2: waste disposal by comfortdelgro engineering 

2,932

3,100

2,776

2013

Rigorous Maintenance

The saying goes that prevention is better than cure. This is 

certainly true for vehicles and machinery. Indeed, vehicles 

that are operating at less than optimal level tend to emit 

more harmful emissions. This is why we have a rigorous 

maintenance regime in place.

2015

2014

2013

1,000 1,500 2,000 2,500 3,000 3,500

Non-hazardous waste not recycled

Hazardous waste

Waste sent for recycling

In the case of ComfortDelGro Taxis, all taxis are 

sent to the workshops on a monthly basis for 

preventive maintenance. As a result, we have been 

achieving an average of 99.5% first Inspection Passing 

Rate for our fleet against the Land Transport Authority’s 

(LTA) Quality of Service standard of 98%.

ComfortDelGro Engineering has been working with Shell 

Petroleum Singapore since 2012 to test a new form of 

automatic transmission fluid aimed at extending the fluid 

change interval for Hyundai Sonata taxis from the usual 

40,000km to 80,000km. The aim is to reduce the amount of 

downtime for taxi drivers as well as the cost and impact on 

the environment.

Our buses are also put through a very strict maintenance 

schedule. This involves preventive maintenance based on 

mileage travelled and a monthly safety check.

For single deck buses, preventive maintenance is carried 

out every 30,000km which works out to be once every four 

months. Double deck buses are put on an even tighter schedule 

given their weight and are checked every 15,000km, or about 

once every eight to 10 weeks. 

In between these preventive 

maintenance checks, buses go through 

safety checks on all safety-related 

components like the brakes, exhaust 

and steering.

Under the LTA regulations, all 

buses have to go for half-yearly 

Roadworthiness Certification carried 

out by authorised inspection centres. 

This certification involves a series of 

checks, including steering, oil leakage, 

suspension system, corrosion, brakes 

and smoke emission. The bodywork of 

buses is also checked for passenger safety and put through an 

emissions test. SBS Transit achieved a 100% pass rate for 2015.

Waste Management

We have in place measures to manage waste. For example, 

ComfortDelGro Engineering has an automated Central Oil 

Management and Dispensing System, where technicians only 

need to disengage the hose and the system will do the rest. 

There is no mess, no spillage and no wastage. Better yet, the 

system eliminates the need for bottles and drums which were 

previously needed to store these fluids.

All waste from across our Business Units is collected 

by companies licensed by the NEA. This ensures that all 

hazardous items are responsibly disposed.

In 2015, our engineering business generated 2,776 tonnes 

of waste materials (Table 2), which includes batteries, 

engine oil, tyres, metal, drums, papers and cartons. The 

main cause of scrap reduction was the use of longer lasting 

transportation fluid and a reduction in taxi parts replaced 

given a younger fleet.

100%

SBS Transit buses 

achieved a 

pass rate for the 

Roadworthiness 

Certification for 

2015

68

773

90

2,237

630

49

2,253

509

2,199

2015

Waste (tonnes)

Non-hazardous waste not recycled 

Hazardous waste

table 3: waste disposal by sbs transit

360.0 

305.6

For SBS Transit, the waste disposal, also through a licensed NEA 

collector, is reflected in Table 3. 

11

Sustainability Report 2015


Water consumption in 2015 increased by 14.9% (Table 4). This 

was a result of increased businesses and better data coverage.

Minimising Environmental Impact Across  

Our Offices

Our commitment to the environment involves recycling as well 

as reducing electricity and water consumption in our offices. 

Recycling bins are placed at strategic 

locations in our offices to encourage 

staff to recycle. We also organise 

recycling days where employees are 

encouraged to bring paper, plastic and 

cans from their homes for “deposit” 

into the bins. In 2015, a total of 

48,730kg of paper was collected for 

recycling in Singapore – more than 

double the 21,850kg of paper recycled 

in 2014 and by far the most we have 

recycled in a single year. What is even 

more significant is that the volume of 

paper purchased as a Group has fallen 

over the last five years – from 39,305 reams in 2011 to 30,906 

reams in 2015. Effectively, ComfortDelGro consumed less paper 

but recycled more in 2015.

2015

2014

Water Consumption (m3)

Total

table 4: water consumption

1,613,670

1,854,305

ENVIRONMENT

ComfortDelGro 

bought less paper 

and yet

recycled 

more 

in 2015

In addition, 732 drums were disposed during the year. 

SBS Transit also sold old buses to a scrap merchant through 

a tender process.

Water

Given our fleet size, the most significant use of water in the 

Group pertains to the washing of vehicles. Given the limited 

supply of water in Singapore, we are fully cognisant of the 

need to be prudent.

We have also leveraged on technology to improve the rate of 

energy consumption in our offices. For example, we devised 

the Energy Saving System which synchronises the control 

of lighting in the building with the employee pass security 

system. When the first employee “taps in” for the day, the 

lights in the essential work area are switched on automatically. 

And because each office space is demarcated into multiple 

zones, lights are only switched on when staff in those areas are 

“sensed” to be around. Similarly, when the last person leaves 

his/her workstation and taps out of the office, all lights in the 

essential work area will be switched off automatically.

We seek to engage staff in a range of environmental activities 

that were held in 2015, including participation in Earth Hour 

on 28 March and recycling pre-loved items through a garage 

sale on 5 June. A recycling effort in honour of Singapore’s 50th 

National Day where 1,000 plastic flowers and five “Trees of 

Hope” made up of painted recyclable bottles were made by 

staff for display at Chingay 2015.

ComfortDelGro has also actively encouraged staff to use 

water and electricity responsibly. Tips on how to save water, 

electricity and other resources – not just in the office but 

at home too – are regularly communicated to staff, either 

through emails or through notice board posters.

Awards and Accolades 

 

ComfortDelGro first received the Eco Office Label from the SEC 

in December 2009. We were recertified in 2012 and then again 

on 23 October 2015.

VICOM and SETSCO each received the Eco Office Label in 2014.

SETSCO has also successfully obtained the ISO 50001 

certification on Electrical Energy Management of Laboratory 

Operation from Certification International Singapore in June 

2015. ISO 50001 Energy Management System (EnMS) standard 

is a globally accepted framework for managing energy, 

providing technical and management strategies for companies 

to increase energy efficiency, reduce costs, and improve 

environmental performance.

12

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited


HEALTH &amp; SAFETY

Total distance travelled 

in Singapore: 

2,942.1 

million km

1.56/one 

million km

Passenger injuries: 

Accident Severity Rate:

Accident Frequency Rate:

29.66

1.71

The safety and security of our passengers and fellow road 

users rank high on our priority list, and we invest extensively 

in these areas. We have also invested heavily in training and 

retraining and run safety awareness and training programmes 

to instil and reinforce a safety and security conscious culture 

in employees at all levels. This focus continues to be strongly 

reflected in the Group’s policies, procedures and training. 

Year in Review

Road and passenger safety has, and will continue to be, a key 

area of focus for the Group.

For the year ended 31 December 2015, the Group’s vehicles 

in Singapore made trips totalling 2,942.1 million kilometres1 

– that is about 73,335 times round the globe2. Accidents 

resulting in 548 injury cases translated into 1.56 passenger 

injuries per one million kilometres travelled in Singapore, or 

0.12 injuries per one thousand journeys3. There were eight bus-

related accidents which sadly resulted in fatalities. In terms 

of vehicle collisions, we averaged 0.70 collisions for every one 

million kilometres with a total of 2,066 collisions4.

In the workplace, the Group recorded zero workplace fatalities 

and a total of 72 non-fatal workplace injuries5, resulting in 

1,251 lost days6 in 2015. 

Of the 72 cases, a majority 71% involved male employees – 

similar to the proportion of male employees in the Group’s 

Singapore operations. A very small proportion of incidents 

involved contract workers. 

2015 

passenger injury rate  

per million km

0.00

0.50

1.00

1.50

2.00

2.50

1.56

2015 

passenger injury rate  

per thousand journeys

0.12

2015 

vehicle collision rate 

per million km

0.00

0.10

0.20

0.30

0.40

0.50

0.60

0.70

0.80

0.70

2015 

vehicle collision rate 

per million journeys

0.00

11.71

14.00

12.00

10.00

8.00

6.00

4.00

2.00

(2014 Industry Average: 41.0)

(2014 Industry Average: 0.60)

1Excluding taxis, the total distance travelled was 352.03 million kilometres. 

2Source: Universe Today (www.universetoday.com/26461/circumference-of-the-earth/).  

3Excludes taxi passenger injuries.  

4Includes accidents that involved our public scheduled and private charter buses and learner driver vehicles, as well as taxi accidents that were within the Land 

Transport Authority’s Quality of Service (QoS) accident criteria. Excludes non-traffic accidents on board public scheduled buses.  

5Does not include injuries of our taxi drivers which are not employees of the Group.  

6Lost days are defined as days that could not be worked as a result of a worker or workers who are unable to perform the usual work because of an occupational 

accident or disease.

0.00

0.02

0.04

0.06

0.08

0.10

0.12

0.14

0.16

0.18

0.20

13

Sustainability Report 2015


A comparison with the Singaporean Workplace Safety and 

Health Indicator by Industry showed that ComfortDelGro’s 

Accident Severity Rate8 (ASR) in 2015 of 29.66, was lower than 

the National Industry Average of 41.0 in 20149. On the other 

hand, the Group’s Accident Frequency Rate10 (AFR) of 1.71 was 

higher than the National Industry Average of 0.60. We are 

working to reduce the AFR in 2016. 

Workplace Safety &amp; Health Committees 

All our Business Units in Singapore have dedicated Workplace 

Safety &amp; Health (WSH) Committees. 

This decentralised approach is more practical in terms of 

engaging and intensifying staff engagement on the Business 

Units level. It also instils in them a sense of ownership over 

health and safety issues that arise from day-to-day operations.

Senior Management is actively involved in the WSH Committees. 

For example, VICOM’s WSH Committee, which comprises nine 

members, including a representative from each of its seven 

inspection centres, is chaired by a Management representative. 

Similarly, ComfortDelGro Engineering’s nine-member WSH 

Committee is led by Management, which meets once every 

month to review health and safety issues. Another 8% or 60 

staff are appointed Safety Captains to assist the Fire Safety 

asr

0.00

5.00

10.00

15.00

20.00

25.00

30.00

35.00

40.00

45.00

comfortdelgro 2015

national industry average 

2014 land transport

29.66

41.0

comfortdelgro 2015

national industry average 

2014 land transport

afr

0.00

0.20

0.40

0.60

0.80

1.00

1.20

1.40

1.60

1.80

1.71

0.60

HEALTH &amp; SAFETY

Analysing the data, we see that workplace non-fatal injuries 

involved mainly: 

• 

Work-related Traffic7(40%);

• 

Cuts/Struck by or against Objects (21%); and

• 

Slips, Trips and Falls (17%).

 

Incident Types 

Number

Work-related Traffic 

29 

Cuts/Struck by or against Objects 

15 

Slips, Trips and Falls  

12 

Exposure to Extreme Temperature/Harmful Substance 

7 

Caught between Objects 

5 

Assault 

2 

Fall from Height 

1 

Over-exertion 

1

7A work-related traffic accident, as defined by the Singapore Ministry of Manpower, is any unintended event that causes bodily injury to a vocational driver or rider 

while he or she is driving any vehicle in the course of work.  

8Accident Severity Rate refers to the number of man-days lost to workplace accidents per million man-hours worked.  

9Source: Singapore Yearbook of Manpower Statistics 2015 by the Ministry of Manpower. Latest 2015 figures are not available as of print time.  

10Accident Frequency Rate refers to the number of workplace accidents per million man-hours worked.

14

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited


Manager in ensuring safety measures are complied with. 

Safety patrols are also conducted on a weekly basis. 

SBS Transit has a Safety Steering Committee chaired by its 

Senior Management from its bus and rail businesses. The 

Committee is instrumental in promoting health and safety 

within the Company.

SBS Transit’s rail business has two Senior Management Safety  

Committees for North East Line (NEL) and Downtown Line (DTL) 

in addition to the three separate WSH Committees for NEL, DTL 

and its Sengkang and Punggol Light Rail Transit systems. 

ComfortDelGro Driving Centre also has an Accident Review 

Committee which was formed more than a decade ago to 

evaluate and assess accidents before providing counsel for 

preventive measures. The Committee has a high participation 

rate from its Management and staff.

ComfortDelGro Rent-A-Car has set up a Risk Management and 

Risk Assessment team in place of a WSH Committee.

Emergency Preparedness

To respond appropriately to potential emergency situations, 

our Business Units assess health and safety risks of their 

operations and take adequate precautionary measures.

For example, ComfortDelGro Driving Centre recognises risks 

in two particular service areas – fire hazard at its petrol kiosk 

and health risks due to the close proximity between driving 

instructors and their learners in a training vehicle. In response 

to these risks, ComfortDelGro Driving Centre has in place 

a Company Emergency Response Team (CERT) to deal with 

emergencies quickly and effectively. 

Training, Protective Equipment &amp; Check-ups  

for Prevention

ComfortDelGro constantly puts a high emphasis on training 

to safeguard and improve safety standards, both at the 

workplace and for our passengers. We also ensure that all 

staff are adequately protected with the proper protective gear 

depending on their vocation.

At SBS Transit, all new Bus Captains (BCs) undergoing basic 

training are schooled in safe and defensive driving. Training is 

intensive and spans between 31 and 52 days. Besides theory 

lessons, new BCs undergo practical training and have to pass 

the Class 4A driving test that is stringently administered by 

the Traffic Police before they are qualified to drive a bus. Upon 

completion of their training, BCs are then paired with Service 

Mentors, who would accompany them on their trips and share 

with them practical safety tips. 

Experienced BCs are also sent for regular refresher training 

courses aimed at enhancing their safe driving skills. BCs are 

also regularly briefed and reminded to observe safe driving 

habits through case studies which involve actual accidents. 

Pedestrian Drills, Junction Drills and Bus Stop Drills exist to 

inculcate the importance of road safety. Random spot checks 

are conducted to ensure BCs religiously comply with these 

safety drills. 

On top of these, BCs are also put through a mandatory 

“Driving Skills Enhancement Programme” to obtain an 

objective assessment of their driving competency with areas 

identified for improvement. This is done using technology 

based on the Vigil Vanguard System, which comprises motion 

sensors, cameras and mapping software. Our BCs’ driving 

behaviour is closely monitored through Vigil’s video recording 

function and shown to the BCs to help them improve. 

ComfortDelGro Taxis carries out equally stringent screening 

of new taxi drivers, including going through their past safety 

records, before hiring out taxis to them. New taxi drivers have 

to go through an induction briefing, comprising basic service 

training and a module on defensive driving. They are also sent 

for auto transmission familiarisation training. 

To incentivise taxi drivers to maintain an accident-free record, 

ComfortDelGro Taxis rewards them with No Claim Bonuses. 

Taxi drivers who are deemed to be accident-prone are sent for 

the defensive driving course at ComfortDelGro Driving Centre. 

Upon completion of the defensive driving course, taxi drivers’ 

accident records are monitored for the next six months. 

Those involved in yet another accident within the six-month 

period will have their service contracts revoked. About 2.6% 

of ComfortDelGro’s pool of 37,000 taxi drivers underwent the 

defensive driving course in 2015. 

ComfortDelGro Driving Centre, which builds its entire business 

model on safe and responsible driving, conducts mandatory 

safety briefings for all students. Its Circuit Observation 

Programme requires Chief Instructors to observe circuit 

training and coaching methodology and to document any 

action that could compromise safety and quality standards. 

These observations are then shared with driving instructors at 

the instructors’ dialogue sessions conducted at the end of each 

coaching session. The Centre also works closely with the Traffic 

Police to alter test routes that are deemed too dangerous 

for learners. 

SBS Transit organises a Safety &amp; Health Programme &amp; 

Education event every year where guest speakers share their 

expertise in health and safety issues. Staff are also encouraged 

to share their experiences and insights. 

15

Sustainability Report 2015


SBS Transit’s bus and rail engineering staff are trained and 

qualified to perform their various jobs in accordance with 

the “Work at Height” regulation, which came into effect in 

May 2014. 

Similarly, SETSCO staff who have to work at heights above 

three metres, are put through safety orientation courses 

organised by clients in the construction, shipyard, marine 

and oil/petrochemical sectors. Other courses such as risk 

management, first aid as well as forklift driving are also 

conducted for staff throughout the year. SETSCO employees, 

who are exposed to prolonged noise at volumes above 85 

decibels, may be at risk of noise-induced deafness, while those 

in charge of radiographic testing could risk radiation over-

exposure. To tackle the former, ear plugs or mufflers are issued 

to employees and breaks in between jobs are planned for. 

These employees are also sent for annual medical check-ups, 

which include hearing tests. In the case of radiographic testing, 

licensed staff are required to wear a thermo luminescent 

dosimeter (TLD) badge, which is submitted to the National 

Environment Agency every month, to ensure they are not 

overly exposed to radiation. Similarly, these employees are 

sent for annual medical check-ups to ensure that they stay 

in the pink of health. 

VICOM vehicle inspectors, who have to deal with heavy 

machinery as part of their job scope, undergo a Technical 

Knowledge Evaluation examination to ensure that they are 

kept abreast of the latest advancement in vehicle technology 

as well as inspection rules and regulations. A new Safety 

Demerit Points System is currently in place to ensure that 

they comply with safety rules. Recognising that both vehicle 

inspectors and motorists could face the risk of slips, trips and 

falls, as well as accidents, VICOM had all inspection lane pit 

openings painted yellow for better visibility. This is in addition 

to the barriers and warning signs that are already in place. 

Walkways for motorists are also painted to clearly demarcate 

them from inspection areas. 

ComfortDelGro Engineering sends its employees to health and 

safety courses accredited by the Singapore Workforce Skills 

Qualifications, a national credentialing system developed by the 

Singapore Workforce Development Agency and the WSH Council.

Elsewhere, our taxi companies in East China give accident-

prone taxi drivers remedial training before they are back on the 

roads. In Vietnam, ComfortDelGro Savico Taxi cabbies attend 

traffic safety and safe driving courses. 

In the United Kingdom, our Metroline drivers are provided 

with written and graphical information on routes in a further 

bid to make driving that much easier. Booklets identifying 

the characteristics, as well as risk assessments of routes, 

bus stands and garages are given to all drivers.

Preventive Maintenance Checks &amp; Vehicle 

Inspection

Our vehicle fleets in Singapore undergo regular preventive 

maintenance checks. ComfortDelGro taxis are checked once 

a month, while buses are checked once every 45 to 60 days. 

Rental cars undergo six-monthly preventive maintenance 

checks. As part of regulatory requirement, vehicles that are at 

least three years old are inspected at VICOM to ensure they 

meet safety standards for roadworthiness. 

Technology

At ComfortDelGro, we are always finding new ways to 

leverage on technology to improve the way we do things. 

Safety is no exception.

All 16,997 ComfortDelGro taxis in Singapore are, for example, 

fitted with an in-vehicle camera as an added safety and 

security measure. The taxi’s in-vehicle camera, which has 

special “low-light” recording functions, 

comes with a 140° focus lens and a 2.7” LCD 

screen. It is programmed to start recording 

once the engine is turned on and will do 

so continuously for up to four hours. Its 

sensor is also able to activate one-minute 

video recordings the moment it detects 

sudden shocks to the taxi. Video footage 

captured by these cameras has helped to 

reduce at-fault accident cases by about 5%. 

Plans are in the pipeline to replace the older 

cameras in 2016.

About 58% of ComfortDelGro Driving 

Centre’s training vehicles come with an in-

vehicle camera which captures footage for training purposes. 

More vehicles will be fitted with such cameras in 2016.

vehicles fitted with cctv or in-vehicle cameras (%)

7%

93%

Not Fitted

Fitted

HEALTH &amp; SAFETY

About

of our vehicles 

in Singapore 

are fitted 

with CCTVs 

or in-vehicle 

cameras

93%

16

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited


About 120 or 62% of our private charter buses and over 3,410 

or 93% of our public scheduled buses are equipped with CCTVs. 

In all, about 93% of our vehicles in Singapore are fitted with 

CCTVs or in-vehicle cameras. 

To further enhance road safety, our buses come with speed-

limiting devices that help keep the speed of the bus to no more 

than 60km/h. Similarly, the Mobile Data Terminal (MDT) in 

our taxis comes with speed alerts that automatically prompt 

our taxi drivers to slow down when they have exceeded the 

speed limit. 

ComfortDelGro Taxis and SBS Transit trialled the “Mobileye” 

on board 30 taxis and 70 buses respectively in 2014. Featuring 

a smart camera, “Mobileye” is able to detect, analyse and 

monitor road conditions while the vehicle is moving and 

provide real-time audio-visual warning via a display unit to 

the driver. Based on data collected in 2015, more than half of 

the BCs whose services had “Mobileye” improved their driving 

behaviour when the system was turned on and more than two-

thirds of them improved when they were coached. SBS Transit 

is looking at installing “Mobileye” in more buses in 2016.

To further enhance road safety, SBS Transit started trialling 

a newly-developed alert system by the Agency for Science, 

Technology and Research’s (A*STAR) Institute for Infocomm 

Research, the Land Transport Authority and IHI Corporation 

on 10 of its buses at a traffic junction of Jurong East for three 

months starting from January 2016. This system alerts BCs 

of the presence of pedestrians and vehicles when they are 

navigating traffic junctions. 

Community Engagement

While the importance of safe driving cannot be emphasised 

enough, passengers and other road users also have a role to 

play in ensuring that roads remain safe. 

For SBS Transit, commuter safety is enhanced through the use 

of priority seats reserved for elderly passengers, physically-

disabled, or mothers-to-be. Passengers are also reminded to 

observe safe travelling habits through prominently displayed 

safety posters and messages onboard buses, trains and 

stations. These include holding onto handrails and stanchion 

poles, and not running around onboard buses and trains.

The Group, through ComfortDelGro Driving Centre, SBS Transit 

and VICOM, engages the community through several road 

safety talks throughout the year. 

ComfortDelGro Driving Centre conducted 675 hours of road 

safety talks to Primary 5 students in 2015 – 56% more than 

the year before. The number of secondary school students 

attending these talks, which focussed on pedestrian and 

cycling safety, also doubled to 6,550. Similarly, SBS Transit 

reached out to 37,150 students through 100 school talks and 

visits to our operations. VICOM also conducted talks on vehicle 

inspection and safety checks for both local and overseas 

regulators, schools and tertiary institutions at its inspection 

centres. A total of five talks involving some 200 participants 

were conducted by VICOM in 2015.

With the opening of DTL2 on 27 December 2015, SBS Transit 

conducted four community engagement programmes for the 

communities along the Line in collaboration with schools and 

the local constituency offices. It will conduct more of such 

sessions in 2016. It also carried out a one-month escalator 

safety campaign at the stations on the NEL, with special focus 

at the Chinatown Station, which sees a predominantly high 

proportion of elderly commuters.

Recognition

ComfortDelGro Engineering, SBS Transit’s Rail Operations 

and Engineering, Moove Media and SETSCO have successfully 

obtained the Occupational Health and Safety Management 

Systems (OHSAS) 18001:2007 certification – confirming 

that we have met international occupational health and 

safety standards. 

ComfortDelGro Engineering and SETSCO have also successfully 

attained the bizSAFE Star award while ComfortDelGro Bus 

has been awarded the bizSAFE Level 3 award. SBS Transit is 

a bizSAFE Partner.

17

Sustainability Report 2015


ComfortDelGro is guided by the 

principle of creating sustainable value 

for its Stakeholders – be they Customers, 

Shareholders, Employees, Partners or 

Regulators. [G4-24]

Key Stakeholders are identified as part 

of the Risk Management process, based 

on the extent in which they can affect 

or are affected by the operations of the 

Group. [G4-25]

Given the significant roles they 

play, ComfortDelGro reaches out 

actively to key Stakeholders through 

various channels.

Customers 

Good customer service is a fundamental 

aspect of our business. In fostering a 

customer-centric culture, a “customer 

first” mindset permeates through 

the Group and a robust customer 

engagement process is adopted.

To this end, employees are equipped 

with the necessary skills and knowledge 

to provide customers with a best-in-class 

experience. Courses that are conducted 

include technical training courses like 

“Apply Workplace Safety &amp; Health” and 

“Perform Maintenance in Electrical and 

Electronic System” as well as service-

centric training like “Demonstrate the 

Service Vision” and “Manage a Diverse 

Service Environment”.

Frontline staff in all our businesses 

actively engage customers through 

various means including outreach 

programmes where potential and 

existing customers are invited to visit 

our operations once every few months. 

We also reach out to our customers 

through information counters, hotlines, 

as well as monthly Meet-the-Managers 

sessions.

Customers are encouraged to send 

us their feedback through customer 

questionnaires, online feedback forms 

or via our service hotlines. Other than 

product and service enquiries, the key 

areas of concern amongst customers 

are safety, accessibility and the overall 

service experience. 

Shareholders

We are committed to disseminating 

accurate and pertinent information to 

the marketplace in a timely manner 

as part of good corporate governance. 

Our Investor Relations (IR) programme 

balances regular, effective and fair 

communications with Shareholders 

and the investment community 

with commercial sensitivities. The 

IR team works closely with Senior 

Management to proactively carry out 

this engagement programme. 

During the year, the IR team met more 

than 330 groups of investors, analysts 

and equity sales personnel over nearly 

200 meetings. 

Besides face-to-face office meetings and 

conference calls, we also participated 

in 10 investor conferences and non-

deal road shows in Singapore, Kuala 

Lumpur, Hong Kong and Tokyo. These 

provided access to a wide cross-section 

of investors from around the world. To 

broaden our outreach, we participated in 

the Singapore Exchange (SGX) Corporate 

Connect Seminar where we presented to 

over 200 retail investors.

We organised briefings for the media 

and sell-side analysts for the full-year 

results and conducted dial-in conference 

calls with sell-side analysts for other 

quarterly results. Three post-results 

luncheons were organised where we 

met fund managers based in Singapore. 

ComfortDelGro attracts active research 

coverage from sell-side analysts and 

the stock is now covered by 13 local and 

international research houses. Some 

140 reports on the Company and the 

industry were published during the year. 

The IR team has regular interactions 

OUR STAKEHOLDERS AND PARTNERS





















































































































































































































































































































































































































Various feedback channels are made 

available, and employees are equipped 

with the necessary skills and knowledge 

to provide customers with a

At Singapore Corporate Awards 2015, 

VICOM won the

Best Investor Relations 

Award (Bronze) 

for companies with S$300 million to 

S$1 billion in market capitalisation

best-in-class 

experience

18

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited


with the analysts to ensure a thorough 

understanding of our business models 

and strategies, operations and 

financial performance. 

Shareholders have the opportunity 

to interact with the Board and Senior 

Management at our Annual General 

Meeting held in our headquarters. 

Voting is by way of electronic poll for 

greater transparency in the voting 

process and the detailed results are 

announced immediately at the Meeting 

and subsequently released to the SGX. 

All material announcements are posted 

in the IR section of the corporate 

website to ensure equal and timely 

access to information.

At the Singapore Corporate Awards 

2015 held in July 2015, our subsidiary, 

VICOM, won the Best Investor Relations 

Award (Bronze) for companies with 

S$300 million to S$1 billion in market 

capitalisation. 

At the Securities Investors Association 

Singapore (SIAS) Investors’ Choice 

Awards 2015 held in October 2015, 

ComfortDelGro won the “Most 

Transparent Company Award” in 

the Travel, Leisure &amp; Automobiles &amp; 

Parts category. 

Employees

With a global workforce of over 

22,300, employee engagement is a 

critical aspect of our human resource 

management. Talent management 

and succession planning rank high on 

ComfortDelGro’s priority list.

Through regular employee engagement 

programmes including seminars, 

training courses, quarterly newsletters 

and weekly dialogue sessions, we are 

able to encourage critical thinking and 

innovation, build team spirit and groom 

the next generation of leaders.

Managers are empowered and 

encouraged to hold regular feedback 

sessions with their subordinates. The 

annual appraisal performance session 

serves as a platform for employees 

to discuss their work performance 

and map out their career progression. 

Common issues raised by employees 

include training and remuneration. 

More information can be found on 

pages 20 to 27.

 

Partners and Suppliers

We work closely with our partners 

and suppliers to ensure the smooth 

delivery of our services. We recognise 

our dependency on the timely delivery 

of key parts and components and the 

quality of our subcontractors. This is a 

key risk which we have identified and 

which we manage diligently. We also 

have in place detailed risk management 

contingency plans where needed.

As a responsible corporate citizen, 

we also strongly believe in ensuring 

compliance in all our operations and 

businesses. We do not condone any 

corrupt practices or anti-competitive 

behaviour. We have a strict procurement 

policy which, among other things, 

conducts supplier assessment to ensure 

there is no adverse impact on society. 

Among other things, suppliers are 

required to have strict environmental 

policies, adopt fair employment 

practices, have clear health and safety 

policies, and adhere to strict anti-

corruption policies. 

Regulators

ComfortDelGro is firmly committed 

to complying with all legal and 

regulatory requirements. 

As the provision of public land transport 

services is highly regulated, the Group, 

through our various Business Units, 

holds regular weekly dialogue sessions 

with the various regulators including the 

Land Transport Authority, the SGX, the 

National Environment Agency and the 

Ministry of Manpower. 

A range of topics are discussed at such 

meetings, including unfolding trends, 

new technologies, safety, competition, 

environmental and accessibility issues.

Where regulators seek consultation 

in reviewing existing and emerging 

policies, we are responsive and strive 

to provide constructive feedback. 

[G4-26, G4-27]

19

Sustainability Report 2015




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































OUR PEOPLE

Our people are undoubtedly our most 

valued assets. Without them, we would 

not be where we are today. Indeed, 

we strongly subscribe to the view that 

a happy and motivated workforce 

will ultimately translate into happy 

and satisfied customers. In the long 

run, this can only result in growth for 

the organisation. 

To this end, we provide equal 

opportunities to our staff, invest in 

comprehensive training to develop 

them to their maximum potential 

and engage them actively in what we 

do. Significantly, as an employer, we 

ensure that all terms and conditions 

of employment, along with policies 

and procedures, comply with 

relevant regulations. 

Our people are guided by the common 

Vision which is “To be the world’s land 

transport operator of choice”. This 

is inculcated in all employees, from 

the moment they step through our 

doors – literally. At our Headquarters in 

Singapore, the Vision, Mission, Strategies 

and Core Values are carved in metal 

and prominently displayed in the lobby. 

Posters are also placed around the 

offices, in the lifts and in publications 

to serve as constant reminders of our 

corporate aspiration and how we must 

never sway from our core values of 

honesty, integrity and ethics.

In 2015, the Group 

employed 22,303 staff 

– about 3% more than the previous year

ComfortDelGro staff comes from a 

diverse group  

of nationalities, 

including Singaporeans at 28%

20

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited




























































































































































































































































































































































































































Results Orientation

We will:

• 

Set challenging goals

• 

Focus on results

• 

Identify and solve problems

• 

Have a sense of urgency 

and ownership

Integrity and Ethics 

We will:

• 

Conduct our affairs in a manner 

consistent with the highest ethical 

and professional standards

• 

Engage in fair and honest 

business practices

• 

Show respect for each other, our 

customers, business partners, 

suppliers, shareholders, the 

authorities and the communities 

we operate in

• 

Communicate in a factual, 

honest and prompt manner

• 

Be open and transparent in 

our dealings

• 

Exhibit strong environmental 

stewardship

Look Beyond the Horizon

• 

Innovate and be receptive to 

new ideas and opportunities

• 

Solve problems in a prompt 

and effective manner

• 

Anticipate and embrace change

 

Do the Right Things – Right

• 

Never take our eyes off the ball

• 

Deploy people and assets for 

value enhancement

• 

Admit and learn from mistakes

Grow Our Talent Base

• 

Set the performance bar above 

industry norms

• 

Give credit where credit is due

• 

Reward equitably

Commitment

We will:

• 

Anticipate our customers’ 

needs and constantly upgrade 

ourselves to provide them with 

outstanding service

• 

Foster an environment of trust by 

engaging the communities we serve

• 

Reward our shareholders by 

delivering steady and sustainable 

results through growth in 

our businesses

• 

Care for our staff by providing 

a challenging environment with 

ample opportunities for growth 

and development. Build on staff 

capabilities through effective 

recruitment, training and career 

planning so as to develop their 

full potential. Promote teamwork, 

initiative and creativity

• 

Stay committed to the authorities 

by complying with regulatory 

requirements

Our Core Values: 

Our Strategies for Success:

21

Sustainability Report 2015


Diversity with Equal Opportunities

At ComfortDelGro, we believe that diversity in the workplace 

is fundamental to growth and professional development. 

It benefits not just the individual, but the Company as well, 

exposing the individual to different ideas, skills, views and 

attitudes. A diversified workforce – whether in terms of gender, 

race or nationality – is also more attractive to new talent. 

In 2015, the Group employed 22,303 staff – about 3% more 

than the previous year. As a global group with operations 

in seven countries, we have a broad mix of nationalities 

among our staff, with Singaporeans accounting for 28%. 

The major nationalities include Malaysians at 22%, British at 

14%, Australians and People’s Republic of China nationals at 

10% each.

In Singapore, we have 12,494 permanent employees across 

our different Business Units. In addition, we have another 191 

employees who are on part-time contracts, bringing the total 

staff strength to 12,685. Separately, we have another distinct 

but significant group who are the taxi drivers. Comprising 

about 37,000 individuals, they are not employees but are 

customers who hire their vehicles from us. 

We have an all-inclusive work culture, with people of different 

ages, ethnicity and gender working together in harmony. 

Indeed, our workforce reflects the diversity of the communities 

we operate in, helping us to better serve our customers. In fact, 

the composition of our employees’ ethnicity mirrors that of 

Singapore’s population profile – 73% of our staff are Chinese 

compared to 76% in the population; 14% are Malays versus 

15% nationally and 9.7% are Indians versus 7.4% locally. 

Operating in a multi-cultural country, we respect and celebrate 

ethnic diversity. For example, on the eve of Deepavali which is a 

major Indian festival, our Indian employees enjoy early release 

from work to prepare for their celebrations. This practice is also 

observed for the other major festivals of the different ethnic 

groups. During company-wide national celebrations such as 

Singapore’s annual National Day Observance Ceremony, the 

entertainment and sing-along session are representative of 

our four major ethnic races.

With diversity in our workforce, it is essential that we also 

offer equal opportunities for our employees to grow. In this 

regard, ComfortDelGro is guided by strict human rights and 

labour practices. In all that we do, we abide by the basic 

tenet of respecting, protecting and fulfilling human rights 

and fundamental freedoms. We ensure that employees are 

selected based on merit and competency.

We implement our guiding principles in a non-discriminatory 

manner, paying particular attention to the rights and needs 

of, as well as the challenges faced by, individuals within our 

Group who may be at heightened risk of becoming vulnerable 

or marginalised. We believe that regardless of age, sex, marital 

status, sexual orientation, disability, race, colour, nationality, 

ethnic or national origin, religion, or affiliation to any political 

party or trade union, all our staff should be treated equitably 

and given fair opportunities to grow and develop in accordance 

to their levels of competence. Accordingly, our remuneration 

is pegged to competency and market competitiveness. For 

instance, in 2015, all Singaporean Bus Captains (BCs) start off 

at a basic salary of S$1,775, regardless of race or age. 

We believe that with a fair, supportive and inclusive workplace, 

our people will be able to perform to their full potential. This 

is why we have pledged our commitment to adhere to fair 

employment practices and are a member of the Tripartite 

Alliance for Fair and Progressive Employment Practices (TAFEP), 

a national agency that is helmed by the National Employers 

Federation and the National Trades Union Congress (NTUC). 

We adhere to the five key principles of fair employment 

practices – recruiting and selecting employees on the basis 

of merit, treating them fairly and with respect, providing 

them with equal opportunities for training and development, 

rewarding them based on their ability, performance, 

and contribution and abiding by labour laws and the 

Tripartite Guidelines.

In employee recruitment, our advertisements do not mention 

age, race, gender or religion as a job requirement. At the 

interviews, applicants are not required to state their race, 

religion and marital status as they are assessed on competency 

and suitability.

Older workers have, and continue to be, a valued part of 

our workforce. They tend to be mature, reliable and bring a 

wealth of experience with them. To this end, we have raised 

our retirement age to 67 years old – five years more than the 

legislated 62 years old. Employees can opt for retirement at 62 

or continue until they are 67. Although it is permissible by law 

to reduce their pay once they reach the legislated retirement 

age, our older employees continue to enjoy the same benefits 

and compensation as they had before if they continue to 

work in the same job. Those who retire at 67 but are assessed 

to be still medically fit and are willing to continue working 

are offered annual contracts, subject to availability of such 

positions. In 2015, close to 15% of our workforce in Singapore, 

or 1,844 of them, were at least 60 years old. 

We strongly subscribe to zero tolerance for discrimination at 

the workplace, with no report of any discrimination lodged 

against the Company in 2015.

Employee Engagement

We believe that engaged employees are motivated to do 

better. This is good not only for their own development, but for 

the Company as well. For this reason, ComfortDelGro actively 

engages its employees through various platforms and avenues.

OUR PEOPLE

22

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited


At the start of every year, our Chairman and Managing 

Director/Group Chief Executive Officer meet Senior 

Management at a breakfast meeting where they lay out the 

challenges that are expected in the months ahead. Action 

plans and strategies are also discussed at this annual meeting. 

Regular briefing sessions are organised by Management to 

share information and align business goals and objectives 

with employees. 

At the operational level, employees attend meetings and 

briefings on a regular basis. These are complemented by 

workshops, seminars and conferences. The frequency varies 

depending on the need. For instance, managers from the bus 

operations attend quarterly briefings to be updated on key 

issues and concerns as well as changes that will be rolled out 

in the months to come. For BCs, briefing sessions on safety and 

customer service are conducted once a month throughout the 

various interchanges and depots. Our technicians at the various 

workshops also attend the daily ‘toolbox’ sessions conducted 

by their supervisors to be updated on the work schedules of 

the day.

Our Bus and Rail Business Unit in Singapore also holds 

annual employee communication sessions to enable Senior 

Management to communicate and interact with staff. At these 

sessions, information on the unit’s performance, key business 

focus and directions are shared with staff. Employees can also 

ask the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) questions during the 

Question-and-Answer session. 

On information related to human resource matters such as 

terms and conditions of employment, policies and benefits, 

these are available in the 

Employee Handbook which 

is given to all staff on their 

first day of work. They 

are also available on the 

Group’s intranet. 

Besides dialogues and sharing 

of information, we also believe 

in recognising staff for their 

contributions. Employees 

who have stayed at their jobs 

for between 15 and 35 years 

are recognised at every five-

year interval for their loyalty 

and years of contribution through the Long Service Awards 

where a certificate and a monetary gift are presented. 

Apart from this, employees who provide quality service 

to customers receive recognition for their good efforts. 

Internal awards include Employee of the Month and CEO 

commendation awards which are held quarterly as well as 

annually by the different Business Units. External awards 

include National Kindness Award-Transport Gold, which is 

an industry award, and the Excellent Service Award, which is 

a national award. In 2015, 217 ComfortDelGro staff out of a 

total of 417 award recipients received the National Kindness 

Award-Transport Gold where the Minister of Transport was the 

Guest-of-Honour at the ceremony. 

On a global level, ComfortDelGro also recognises employees 

who have gone beyond their call of duty to carry out their 

jobs. We have been conferring the annual Passion! Award on 

deserving employees since 2008. The winner is flown into 

Singapore1 for the presentation of the Award and also given 

an all expenses paid trip to Singapore or one of the other six 

countries we operate in – depending on where the winner 

hails from. 

More than just work, we also seek to create a positive 

environment for our people where they can have fun and 

de-stress. Monthly birthday celebrations, annual Dinner and 

Dance, department lunches and excursions to places of interest 

are some of the activities organised. These activities also serve 

to foster friendships and closer ties among colleagues and 

facilitate better working relationships. 

To promote a healthy lifestyle, lunch talks, bowling 

competitions, cross-country runs, yoga and Zumba sessions as 

well as weekly brisk walking and jogging sessions are held for 

the benefit and enjoyment of staff. Certainly, having healthy 

employees is important to our productivity. 

We have also gone a step further by working with the Health 

Promotion Board (HPB) and the Union to conduct voluntary 

employee health screenings. Participants also receive coaching 

on how to eat and live better where their progress is tracked 

to encourage positive change. Operators of the staff canteens 

also chip in by offering healthier food options. This health 

screening and intervention programme is also extended to our 

taxi drivers although they are not our employees.

In 2015, our Singapore Taxi Business Unit received the Gold 

Award at the Singapore HEALTH Awards 2015 organised by the 

HPB. It also received the Singapore Human Resource Award 

2015 in the Quality Worklife, Physical and Mental Well-being 

category which was organised by the Singapore Human 

Resource Institute. 

Employees who have stayed 

at their jobs for between 15 

and 35 years are recognised 

at every five-year interval 

through the

Long Service 

Awards

1Except for when the winner is from Singapore.

23

Sustainability Report 2015


OUR PEOPLE

* For Singapore operations only

88.5%

11.5%

female  

12.5%

 male 

87.5%

TOTAL: 8

Board of Directors by Gender (Please refer to page 48 in the 

ComfortDelGro Annual Report for the Board’s composition.)

1,779 

14%

TOTAL  

12,685

10,906 

86%

Female

Male

Employees by Gender

Non-executives

 Executives and above

Employees by Category

Female

Male

TOTAL  

1,462

24%

76%

Executives and Above by Gender

13%

TOTAL  

11,223

87%

Female

Male

Non-executives by Gender

TOTAL 

12,685

OUR PEOPLE AT A GLANCE*

24

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited


TOTAL: 8,052

Employees by Gender under 50 years old

TOTAL: 4,633

Employees by Gender over 50 years old

Others

Eurasian

Indian

Malay

Chinese

73%

3%

0.3%

14%

9.7%

Employees by Ethnicity

* For Singapore operations only

50 to 59 years

60 to 66 years

67 years and above

under 30 years

30 to 39 years

40 to 49 years

22%

24%

12%

16%

3%

23%

TOTAL  

12,685

Employees by Age 

female  

15%

 male 

85%

female  

13%

 male 

87%

25

Sustainability Report 2015


Working hand in hand in the spirit of mutual respect 

and trust, Management and Union constantly collaborate 

to improve the welfare and well-being of employees. To 

ensure that communication channels are always kept open, 

employees are elected and appointed union representatives 

by union members to provide the crucial link between 

Management and Union. 

Our Collective Agreements with the Union are renewed once 

every three years. When there are major changes to working 

conditions due to operational requirements, the changes to 

be effected are always first discussed with the Union. It is 

only when an agreement or a consensus is reached that the 

changes are announced for implementation. A reasonable time 

frame of between one and three months’ notice is typically 

given to the affected staff and are communicated officially in 

writing through letters, circulars or emails. Briefing sessions are 

organised to communicate any changes where needed.

For promoting good 

labour-union-management 

relations, the Group’s 

Singapore Bus and Rail 

Business Unit received 

the prestigious NTUC 

Plaque of Commendation 

(Star) Award in 2013, 

becoming the first Public 

Transport Operator to 

receive this honour. This 

Award launched in 2006 

by the NTUC honours 

organisations which 

have made significant 

contributions in promoting 

good labour management relations over the years. Since its 

inception, only 11 companies have been conferred this honour. 

Training and Talent Development 

ComfortDelGro invests continually in its employees to develop 

their skills and talent. We ensure that employees understand 

their responsibilities and are given access to necessary training 

to equip them to do their jobs better.

For non-executive staff, training is structured to cater to 

operational needs where the subjects cover technical aspects, 

regulatory and safety and soft skills. These include Class 4 and 

5 driving, defensive driving, preventive maintenance, report 

writing and customer service training. 

Executive staff attend training sessions which are aimed 

at enhancing their functional knowledge as well as skills in 

finance, decision-making, leadership and people management. 

They also attend training to implement regulatory and key 

Caring for our employees also extends to their family 

members. Bursary awards and scholarships are presented 

to the children of our 

staff who are in primary 

school up to university 

level. Besides children of 

BCs and rail employees, 

this scheme is also offered 

to those of our taxi 

drivers. For 2015, 703 

children of our employees 

in our Singapore Bus, Rail 

and Taxi Business Units 

received over S$182,000 

in study awards to 

encourage them to 

continue in their studies. In China, Nanjing ComfortDelGro 

Dajian, Nanning Comfort Transportation and Suzhou Comfort 

Taxi collectively contributed a total of S$19,611 to their 

cabbies’ families, while Chongqing ComfortDelGro Driver 

Training donated S$1,110 to aid a fellow colleague in need.

Employee Satisfaction Surveys are conducted once every 

two to three years. These are conducted in-house by the 

different Business Units and the identities of employees 

remain anonymous to encourage honest feedback. The most 

recent survey was conducted in 2015 involving our staff from 

our automotive engineering unit in Singapore. The findings 

indicate that 81.8% of respondents were happy working in the 

unit, up from 78.4% in 2012. The next survey to be conducted 

will involve our Bus and Rail Business Unit employees in 

Singapore in 2016. 

Labour-Management Relations

ComfortDelGro believes in developing and sustaining a 

harmonious tripartite labour-union-management relationship. 

In fact, labour relations is a key function of daily life in 

the organisation. 

In Singapore, bargainable employees are represented by the 

National Transport Workers’ Union (NTWU) which is affiliated 

to the NTUC – a national confederation of trade unions. 75.3% 

of our staff in Singapore are covered by Collective Agreements. 

With the extension and expansion of scope of coverage by 

the NTWU, and in the spirit of Tripartism, ComfortDelGro 

recognises NTWU as the collective representative body for 

our executives in the different Business Units in Singapore. 

Since June 2015, executives have also opted to join the Union 

which can now make representations on their behalf with 

changes to the labour laws. In October 2015, the Pro-tem 

Committee for the Professionals, Managers and Executives 

Branch was formed.

The Group’s Singapore 

Bus and Rail Business Unit 

received the prestigious

NTUC Plaque of 

Commendation 

(Star) Award

in 2013, becoming the first 

Public Transport Operator to 

receive this honour

OUR PEOPLE

For 2015, 

in ComfortDelGro’s Bus, Rail and 

Taxi Business Units received over 

S$182,000 in 

study awards

703 children 

of employees 

26

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited


management programmes such as Occupational Health 

and Safety, Business Continuity Planning and Enterprise 

Risk Management. 

We also sponsor employees in specialised areas. For example, 

we sponsored five employees to undertake a part-time two-

and-a-half year Diploma programme in rail engineering to help 

raise their skills levels. 

Our Bus and Rail Business Unit in Singapore has been 

successfully certified in achieving the People Developer 

Standard which is the national mark of excellence for staff 

training and development since 1999. 

In 2015, our employees averaged 

19.8 hours of training. Male 

employees clocked in 27.4 hours of 

training while female employees, 

who generally worked in the 

support departments, attended 

7.6 hours of training on average. 

For executive level staff, they received on average 16 hours of 

training while non-executive level staff attended on average 

37 hours of training.

All employees receive performance and career development 

reviews at least once a year. We practise an open system in our 

employee appraisals where the supervisor conducts a one-

to-one review with the staff based on his/her performance. 

Employees are assessed based on their competency and 

contributions while executive level staff are also measured on 

their achievement of their key performance tasks and targets. 

As part of our rigorous process, to ensure a steady pipeline 

of quality management staff, our high-performing staff 

are subject to a Promotion Board to assess their general 

management, people and leadership attributes. Besides the 

psychometric tools used for recruitment, Senior Business Unit 

Heads and Group Officers are also actively involved in the 

assessment and recruitment of high potentials. 

We also have in place various programmes and processes 

that focus on key areas, including building management 

bench strength, talent management, succession planning, 

performance management and compensation and 

benefits. In addition, we have established a cross-business 

unit and off-line mentoring initiative among our high-

performing employees.

We believe that our holistic approach in managing and 

engaging our talent will result in a more sustainable pipeline 

of future leaders who are committed, dedicated and able to 

achieve greater performance. Their enhanced development will 

give them the necessary organisational perspectives and adept 

leadership abilities to deal with the increasingly complex and 

competitive business environment.

In 2015,  

our employees averaged 

19.8 hours 

of training

27

Sustainability Report 2015


REACHING OUT

At ComfortDelGro Group, community 

engagement is not just a catchphrase. 

It is an integral part of our moral fabric 

– closely intertwined with everything 

we do. 

Our guiding principle is simple: Pursue 

benefits for both the business and the 

society concurrently. This two-pronged 

approach involves us finding ways to 

develop our business whilst creating a 

sustainable environment. In all that we 

do, we are constantly looking at ways 

in which we can help the communities 

we operate in to grow – in tandem with 

our business. 

We believe that business should not just 

be governed by the mind – but the heart 

and soul as well. We do this not just 

because it is the right thing to do but 

because we care. 

In our business, moving people between 

destinations is central to everything 

we do. We are continually looking at 

new and better ways to do this – and to 

find ways to reach out to an even wider 

range of commuters. 

The nature of our business involves 

community engagement in most of 

our operations. But even as we deliver 

services to the communities, we are 

also mindful of any potential negative 

environmental or safety impact that 

may result from the roll-out of our 

operations, particularly the bus and taxi 

businesses. To this end, we have, and 

continue to take, preventive measures 

including investing in environmentally 

friendly vehicles as well as stepping up 

safety checks and training. We also reach 

out to the communities by conducting 

safety talks. 

Accessibility

To attract an even wider range 

of customers, we have invested 

substantially in wheelchair friendly 

buses that are capable of transporting 

persons-in-wheelchairs (PIWs) safely 

and comfortably in Singapore. In 

fact, our 75%-owned subsidiary in 

Singapore, SBS Transit, was the first 

public transport operator in Singapore 

to offer wheelchair-accessible bus 

(WAB) services, and has invested over 

S$1.2 billion in such buses since 2005. 

All wheelchairs, manual or motorised, 

are allowed on board if they are within 

the dimensions of 70cm in width and 

120cm in length. All SBS Transit Bus 

Captains (BCs) of WAB services and 

ComfortDelGro bus drivers have been 

trained to operate the ramp and assist 

PIWs to board and alight from WABs. 

In 2015, SBS Transit rolled out 25 

additional WAB services, bringing the 

total number of such services that it 

operates to 195. This accounted for close 

to 91% of its basic bus services. The 

plan is for SBS Transit’s bus services to 

be completely wheelchair accessible by 

2018. Furthermore, SBS Transit works 

in partnership with the Guide Dog 

Association of Singapore to help visually-

handicapped commuters familiarise 

themselves with the layout of different 

bus models in their fleet. 

Our train lines have barrier-free 

facilities such as wider fare-gates 

and lifts to help improve accessibility 

for wheelchair-bound commuters. 

There are also tactiles installed on the 

station walkways to guide the visually-

handicapped as they make their way in 

and out of our stations. SBS Transit also 

conducts tours highlighting the barrier-

free facilities at its new Downtown 

Line (DTL). 

All 16,997 ComfortDelGro taxis in 

Singapore are able to ferry wheelchair-

bound passengers. Limousine drivers 

are trained in the correct way to help 

PIWs. ComfortDelGro Taxis also works 

in close partnership with the Guide Dog 

Association of Singapore and has invited 

members and their guide dogs to attend 

taxi drivers’ focus group sessions to help 

drivers feel more at ease with guide 

dogs. In addition, the profiles of guide 

dogs and their owners are published in 

the taxi drivers’ newsletter to help them 

identify these special passengers.

We also reach out to the disabled by 

giving them free or subsidised rides.

For example, ComfortDelGro Taxis 

has, since 1999, provided subsidised 

taxi booking services to wheelchair-

bound customers who qualify under 

the criteria set by the Handicaps 

Welfare Association (HWA). To-date, 

ComfortDelGro Taxis has made about 

64,200 of these subsidised trips, 

translating into S$340,000-worth 

of subsidies.

On 25 December 2015, ComfortDelGro 

Taxis donated 50 cents for every 

completed booking job to HWA. A total 

ComfortDelGro Taxis made about

64,200 subsidised

trips for HWA

The Group has donated a total of

to NTUC Eldercare over a decade

S$1.49 million

HWA

28

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited


of S$30,000 was raised and channelled 

towards HWA’s transportation needs, 

including ferrying members to work, 

school and to the hospital for their 

medical checks. 

Separately, CabbyCare Charity Group 

(CabbyCare), ComfortDelGro Taxis’ 

260-strong taxi driver volunteer group 

supported HWA in its annual fundraising 

car wash event in April 2015. 

During the year, CabbyCare also 

provided free trips to the physically-

handicapped, such as the Singapore 

General Hospital’s Amputees Support 

Group, Movement for the Intellectually 

Disabled of Singapore and Promisedland 

Community Services, for their outings. 

Other Business Units such as SETSCO 

helped raise funds for the Society for 

the Physically Disabled (SPD) through 

Christmas carolling.

Our international subsidiaries also 

reached out to the less fortunate in their 

communities. Nanjing ComfortDelGro 

Dajian, for example, gave free rides to 

the disabled on Disability Day, while 

Guangzhou Xin Tian Wei Transportation 

Development, Shanghai City Qi Ai Taxi 

Services, Chengdu ComfortDelGro 

Qing Yang Driving School and Chengdu 

Jitong Integrated Vehicle Inspection 

contributed over S$100,000 to the 

Employment Fund for the Handicapped. 

In the United Kingdom, Metroline 

became the first London bus operator 

to sign the Royal National Institute 

of Blind People’s accessibility charter 

to ensure services are accessible to 

customers who have lost their sense 

of sight. Part of the campaign saw bus 

drivers ‘swap’ places with blind and 

partially sighted customers so that they 

could better understand the challenges 

these passengers faced when they 

commute by bus.

Society

Reaching out to the less fortunate is 

something that is close to the hearts 

of everyone at the ComfortDelGro 

Group. No action is too small and 

no contribution too insignificant. 

The Group continued to care for 

the poor and needy, the elderly and 

the sick, donating over S$1 million 

in 2015 to various charities and 

welfare organisations. 

Supporting the Needy

In celebration of Singapore’s 50 years 

of nation building (SG50), we organised 

the “ComfortDelGro Celebrates SG50” 

Charity Drive on 14 May 2015 to 

raise S$500,000 for Lions Befrienders 

Service Association (Singapore) (Lions 

Befrienders), HWA, Cerebral Palsy 

Alliance Singapore and the Singapore 

Association of the Visually Handicapped. 

A total of 50,000 little red dots, 

which drew inspiration from the 

affectionate term that has been used 

to describe Singapore, were sold at 

S$10 each at selected ComfortDelGro 

premises as well as Singapore Petroleum 

Company’s pump stations islandwide. 

Miniature little red dots, in the form 

of key chains, were also sold at all SBS 

Transit bus interchanges as well as 

train stations along the North East Line 

and DTL, raising another S$100,000 in 

the process.

SBS Transit also gave S$2.6 million of 

free bus and train rides on 9 August 

2015 as part of the SG50 celebrations. 

This came on top of the S$5.5 million 

that was handed out to lower income 

households earlier in the year.

In 2015, ComfortDelGro Taxis and 

CabbyCare volunteered with Willing 

Hearts, a non-profit organisation that 

operates a kitchen which distributes 

daily meals to the needy. SETSCO also 

teamed up with Willing Hearts to 

prepare cooked meals for the needy. 

CabbyCare kept up its practice of 

delivering unsold bread, meals and 

library books to the needy – for free. 

In all, CabbyCare made about 4,150 

such trips in 2015, and the fares that 

were forfeited from these trips in 

the year alone came up to a total 

of S$311,950. 

ComfortDelGro Engineering provides 

maintenance services at subsidised rates 

to 13 charitable organisations under the 

National Council of Social Services. 

As for our overseas businesses, 

ComfortDelGro Cabcharge in 

Melbourne, Australia, particularly CDC 

Ballarat, converted a decommissioned 

bus into a soup kitchen bus for 

OnTrack Foundation, which supports 

the homeless in the outer areas like 

Delacombe and Wendouree. 

In Vietnam, Vietnam Taxi (Vinataxi) 

sponsored S$31,510 towards the 

Lawrence S Ting Charity Walk that 

supports the poor and needy in the 

City, while ComfortDelGro Savico Taxi 

donated about S$4,410 towards the poor 

and the Flood Prevention Fund.

Six taxi companies in China – CityCab 

(Shenyang), Jilin ComfortDelGro Taxi, 

Nanjing ComfortDelGro Dajian Taxi, 

Nanning Comfort Transportation, 

Shenyang ComfortDelGro Taxi and 

Suzhou Comfort Taxi – provided free 

taxi trips to needy students during the 

country’s National Education Entrance 

Examination. Nanning Comfort 

Transportation also provided free trips 

to blood donors in celebration of Lei 

Feng Day, which is held in honour of a 

patriotic and selfless Chinese soldier.

In Western Australia, Swan Taxis 

donated S$2,094 to Pek Care 

International that looks after the welfare 

of children in Africa by providing them 

with essentials such as water and food 

as well as education. 

Serving the Elderly

The elderly poor have a special place 

in our hearts. We have, since 2005, 

been contributing to NTUC Eldercare, 

which provides social day care services 

to the elderly poor. To-date, we have 

contributed a total of S$1.49 million to 

this cause. 

Since 2010, we have partnered the 

Lions Befrienders to help the seniors 

who live in rented one-room flats. 

29

Sustainability Report 2015


Besides bringing the seniors out on 

regular excursions, we also helped 

spruce up their homes. Among the 

projects we have completed include 

cleaning homes, and buying essentials 

like new mattresses and bed frames 

as well as new electrical appliances 

like washing machines, refrigerators, 

rice cookers, television sets and 

electric kettles.

Moove Media, our outdoor advertising 

arm, uses its iconic Moove cows not only 

as a marketing tool, but also to raise 

funds for the needy. To celebrate the 

SG50, Moove displayed over 600 SG50 

Pioneer Cows islandwide for about three 

weeks, and later sold them to the public. 

The proceeds went to the elderly poor.

In November 2015, ComfortDelGro Taxis 

sponsored two stalls for the Kwong 

Wai Shiu Hospital’s 105th Anniversary 

and Community Care Day, while its 

staff signed up to be befrienders to 

the elderly. 

As the population ages, there is also an 

increase in demand for transportation 

services for the elderly. 

In 2015, ComfortDelGro Taxis started 

providing daily taxi services for the 

elderly needing to go to the Senior Care 

Centres (SCCs) through a transportation 

programme developed by the Agency 

for Integrated Care (AIC). Participating 

ComfortDelGro taxi drivers have to 

commit at least four hours to provide 

these two-way transfers for the elderly 

from Mondays to Fridays. Following the 

success of the trial in April 2015, a total 

of 21 ComfortDelGro taxi drivers have 

signed up for the AIC programme. They 

serve a total of over 100 elderly across 

12 SCCs. As at 31 March 2016, over 

18,700 trips have been made. 

Caring for the Terminally-ill

We are also avid supporters of non-

profit organisations that look after the 

sick and the terminally-ill. 

ComfortDelGro Engineering engages 

its customers, also called SPARKTM 

Ambassadors, in its outreach 

programmes. For example, in June 2015, 

it organised its first car boot sale, where 

20 of its SPARKTM Ambassadors stood for 

hours under the hot sun selling groceries 

out of their car boots to raise funds for 

Children’s Cancer Foundation (CCF). It 

also placed 12 donation boxes at its 

car care centres. As a result, a total of 

S$28,744 was raised for CCF.

In June 2015, ComfortDelGro Taxis 

and CabbyCare participated in Hair for 

Hope for the second year, where 51 

cabbies volunteered to have their heads 

shaven. In all, S$40,000 was raised and 

donated to CCF. CabbyCare donated 

another S$2,000 to Promisedland 

Community Services, which is dedicated 

to providing help and social services 

to cancer patients, needy families, 

children and youths. 

VICOM continues to reach out to Star 

PALS, a palliative home care service for 

children and youth with life-threatening 

or life-limiting conditions, by donating 

taxi vouchers for their travel needs. 

As a land transport Group, we have 

also found innovative ways to use the 

vehicles which have reached the end 

of their statutory lifespan. Instead of 

sending all of them to the scrapyard, 

we have donated decommissioned 

taxis to hospitals and schools for 

patient rehabilitation and training 

purposes. In 2015, we donated two 

decommissioned Hyundai Sonata taxis 

to St Luke’s Hospital and the National 

University Hospital. 

In Western Australia, Swan Taxis raised 

about S$12,390 from its first-ever car 

wash charity event that it organised 

with Metro WA Cabs and Austbrokers 

Canberra. Proceeds went to Camp 

Quality, a non-profit organisation that 

designs programmes and services for 

children living with cancer. It collected 

another S$16,795 through donation 

boxes for Camp Quality; Cure Brain 

Cancer Foundation; Breast Cancer Care; 

and the Princess Margaret Hospital 

Foundation that supports children 

undergoing life-threatening treatments. 

Over S$2,400 was also donated to the 

Royal Flying Doctor Services, a not-

for-profit organisation that provides 

emergency transport services for 

patients in need of urgent treatment 

from the rural areas to the City.

In Vietnam, Vinataxi sponsored about 

S$12,500 to buy an electric vehicle that 

helps convey patients to the Children’s 

Hospital, while ComfortDelGro 

Cabcharge in Sydney made a donation 

to the ACT Eden Monaro Cancer Support 

Group, and provided bus services to 

CanTeen, a non-profit organisation 

that helps young people deal with the 

challenges that cancer brings. 

In Ireland, ComfortDelGro Irish Citylink 

donated over S$3,400 to various 

charities including the Jack &amp; Jill 

Children’s Foundation, which provides 

direct funding to families of children 

who suffer from severe intellectual 

and physical developmental delay; 

as well as Cancer Care West, a cancer 

treatment centre. 

REACHING OUT

30

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited


OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

have intimate knowledge of their 

businesses and assume ownership of 

risk management, with stewardship 

retained at Senior Management. 

Risk tolerance guidelines for inherent 

risks are established and monitored. 

The Group is committed to enhance 

shareholder value through growth that 

is sustainable and profitable and taking 

measured and well-considered risks 

to achieve it. We identify and manage 

risks to reduce the uncertainties that 

are associated with the execution 

of the Group’s business plans and 

allow the Group to take advantage of 

opportunities that may arise.

The Management Risk Committee 

(MRC) works closely with the Business 

Units to ensure that risk management 

is taken actively and seriously and the 

Risk Management Framework is properly 

rolled out across the whole Group. 

Members of the MRC are drawn from 

Senior Management staff from the 

major Business Units and key business 

functions. Key risks for the Group are 

identified and presented to the Audit 

and Risk Committee (ARC) and the 

Board annually.

The Group’s risk management structure 

is built on three lines of defence 

with oversight by the MRC. The 

business managers are responsible for 

establishing effective controls and risk 

management at the Business Units. 

The overview corporate functions ensure 

that adequate risk management systems 

and processes are in place throughout 

ComfortDelGro is committed to 

safeguarding the interests of our 

Stakeholders for sustainable growth. 

To this end, we hold ourselves to high 

standards of corporate governance 

and business and ethical conduct. Our 

governance policies and practices are in 

line with the principles and guidelines 

set out in the Code of Corporate 

Governance issued by the Monetary 

Authority of Singapore on 2 May 2012. 

We also have in place a robust Risk 

Management Framework which enables 

our Group and Business Units to 

understand the nature and complexity 

of the risks involved in the operations 

and provides a systematic process 

to identify and review the risks and 

prioritise resources to manage them.

Environmental and social issues rank 

high on our priority list which is why we 

have incorporated such considerations 

into our decision-making processes. For 

example, we are sensitive to the levels of 

emissions of our vehicles and weigh this 

against costs when renewing our fleets. 

Safety considerations are also included 

in the performance assessments of our 

operations while our Group-wide Green 

Committee leads on improvements in 

environmental issues. We are a proud 

signatory of the United Nations (UN) 

Global Compact.

We are equally committed to respecting 

the privacy of every individual and 

adhering to the Personal Data Protection 

Act 2012, Singapore (“PDPA”). We 

have put in place adequate and robust 

IT security systems and operating 

processes to ensure data security by 

adopting the ComfortDelGro IT Risk 

Management Framework. The security 

measures are constantly updated to 

meet the ever-changing threat levels. 

Staff are also reminded of the need to 

adhere to the Act and to be mindful of 

our customers’ privacy.

Risk Management

The Group’s approach to risk management 

is underpinned by several key principles:

• 

The risk management process is a 

continuous, iterative and developing 

one, as the Group’s businesses and 

their operating environments are 

dynamic. Risk identification and 

assessment and risk management 

practices are reviewed and updated 

regularly to manage risks proactively.

• 

We promote and inculcate risk 

awareness among all our employees 

by embedding risk management 

processes into day-to-day business 

operations and setting an 

appropriate tone at the top. Regular 

exercises, continuous education and 

training, as well as communications 

through various forums on risk 

management are carried out to 

sustain a risk-informed and risk-

aware culture in the Group.

• 

Ownership of and accountability 

for the risk management process is 

clearly defined and assigned to the 

Business Units, Departments and 

individuals. Managers at each level 

Robust Risk 

Management 

Framework

Embrace 

shareholder 

value

Establish 

internal control 

systems

Safeguard 

assets

31

Sustainability Report 2015


the Group and that these are properly 

implemented and reviewed regularly. 

The independent audit function provides 

assurance and comfort that internal 

controls and risk management measures 

are effective and complied with.

Our different Business Units have 

different risk profiles and they have 

different programmes to manage 

the risks. The risk management 

programmes are tested and stressed 

periodically to ensure that they remain 

relevant and meet changing business 

requirements and new developments. 

Some of the key risks faced by the Group, 

the relevant mitigating factors and how 

they are managed are set out below.

Financial Risks

The Group has established internal 

control systems to safeguard its assets 

and regularly reviews the effectiveness 

of these controls to improve and 

fortify financial discipline. All policies 

and procedures on financial matters, 

including approval limits and authority, 

are clearly defined in the Group’s 

Financial Procedures Manual. 

Financial Authority Limits

Comprehensive and specific financial 

authority limits are put in place for 

capital expenditure, operating expenses, 

treasury matters, direct investments, 

revenue tender participation and 

disposal and write-off of assets. These 

authority limits are delegated based on 

the organisational hierarchy from the 

Board down to the Managing Director/

Group Chief Executive Officer (MD/

Group CEO) and the Heads of Business 

Units/Departments, with the Board 

retaining the ultimate authority. Any 

expenditure exceeding the highest 

authority limit is referred to the 

Board for approval. To ensure that the 

Group’s assets continue to be managed 

prudently, the Board periodically 

reviews the mandate that it delegates 

to Management.

Budgetary Control

A robust and challenging Annual 

Budget is prepared and approved by 

the Board prior to the commencement 

of each new financial year. Material 

variations between actual and budgeted 

performance are reviewed on a monthly 

basis and explanations provided. Specific 

approvals are required for unbudgeted 

expenditures exceeding a relevant 

threshold. The capital expenditure 

budget is approved in principle by the 

Board as part of the Annual Budget. 

Each capital expenditure is subjected 

to rigorous justification and review 

before it is incurred in accordance with 

the Group’s financial authority limits. 

Tight control on manpower is exercised 

through headcount budgets.

Financial Risk Management

The Group recognises that prudent 

management of financial risks is an 

important aspect in the creation of 

shareholder value. The main areas of 

financial risks faced by the Group are 

foreign exchange/currency risk, interest 

rate risk, credit/counter-party risk, 

liquidity risk and fuel and electricity 

price risk. It is the Group’s policy not 

to participate in financial derivative 

instruments, except for use as hedging 

instruments, where appropriate. 

Sensitivity analysis and reviews of the 

Group’s exposure to financial risks under 

changing market conditions are carried 

out regularly. 

A detailed description of the financial 

risks and how the Group manages them 

are set out in the Notes to the Financial 

Statements on pages 91 to 157 in the 

ComfortDelGro Annual Report 2015.

Economic Cycle

Changes in economic conditions in 

the countries that the Group operates 

in may impact the businesses in 

terms of customer demand and the 

cost of providing the services. We 

manage these risks by continuously 

scanning and monitoring political and 

economic issues. We monitor demand 

trends and operating margins closely. 

Expenses are managed in the light of 

revenue patterns and changing market 

conditions and to drive improvements 

in cost structures. Where possible, 

revenue risks are mitigated by 

diversifying revenue streams to 

non- fare sources.

Operational Risks

Operational risks may arise from 

failures in internal controls, operational 

processes or the supporting systems. 

The Group has put in place operating 

manuals, standard operating procedures, 

authority guidelines and a regular 

reporting framework to manage 

these risks.

Safety

Managing the safety and security of our 

customers, our staff and the public is the 

cornerstone of the Group’s safety and 

security plan. We run safety awareness 

and training programmes to instil a 

safety and security conscious culture 

in employees at all levels. Safety audits 

are conducted regularly as part of 

the management and review process 

to ensure that safety standards are 

maintained. The Group works closely 

with the relevant Authorities to 

ensure that the security of our bus 

and train services and facilities are not 

compromised. We regularly carry out 

drills and exercises internally, as well as 

with external agencies. Fence intrusion 

detection systems and other security 

features are installed at operating 

facilities and security guards deployed 

to patrol the facilities. Members of the 

public are encouraged to look out for 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

32

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited


suspicious objects or persons. More 

information on Health &amp; Safety can be 

found on pages 13 to 17 of this Report.

Environmental

The Group is committed to being a 

responsible organisation through 

minimising the impact our business 

activities have on the environment. 

Our operations, accidents and natural 

events can cause pollution or other 

environmental risks. To limit these risks, 

we engage in active environmental 

risk management, ensuring that we 

target the problems that could arise and 

implement preventive measures. We 

comply with all relevant regulations in 

the countries that we operate in. Ways 

in which the Group works to protect 

the environment can be found on pages 

9 to 12 of this Report.

Human Resource

The Group’s ability to develop and grow 

the business internationally depends 

on the quality of its employees and 

it continues to invest in building up a 

resource pool to support this growth. 

We have in place various programmes 

and processes that focus on several key 

areas, including building management 

bench strength, talent management, 

succession planning, performance 

management, compensation and 

benefits, training and development, 

employee conduct and supervision, as 

well as occupational health and safety. 

We ensure that employees are selected 

based on merit, they understand their 

responsibilities and are given access 

to necessary training. At all times, a 

positive, constructive and productive 

working climate based on strong 

tripartite relations is fostered. All terms 

and conditions of employment, along 

with policies and procedures, comply 

with the relevant regulations.

Property and Liability

The Group’s exposure to property 

damage, business interruption and other 

liability risks is constantly monitored 

and reviewed with the Group’s in-house 

insurance broking associate. Together 

with external risk management 

consultants, we ensure sufficiency of 

insurance coverage and maintain an 

optimal balance between risks that are 

retained internally and risks that are 

placed out with underwriters.

Business Continuity 

We have put in place Business 

Continuity Plans (BCPs) to mitigate the 

risks of disruption and catastrophic loss 

to our operations, people, information 

database and other assets. The 

BCPs include the identification and 

planning of alternate recovery centres, 

operational procedures to maintain 

communication, measures to ensure 

continuity of critical business functions 

and recovery of information database. 

We update and test the BCPs regularly. 

Drills and emergency response exercises 

are conducted to familiarise employees 

with the various incident management 

plans. The BCPs enhance the Group’s 

operational readiness and resilience to 

potential business disruptions.

Information Technology Risks

Information technology system failures 

are key risks for the Group since almost 

all our businesses rely heavily on 

information technology. This can take 

the form of a major system failure 

which can result in the disruption of 

the business, loss of data or a security 

breach in our information technology 

systems. Information security means 

protecting information and information 

systems from unauthorised access, use, 

disclosure, disruption, modification or 

destruction. The Group’s information 

technology security management 

framework complies with current 

industry standards. We have put in 

place various controls and data recovery 

measures to mitigate the risks, including 

the use of intrusion prevention systems, 

multi-level firewalls, server protection, 

software code hardening and data loss 

prevention controls to manage Internet 

security and cyber threats. Penetration 

tests are carried out regularly to test 

the systems and identify potential 

security vulnerabilities and allow us 

to improve the security hardening of 

our websites. Information security 

policies and procedures, including 

security education for all staff, are 

reviewed and enhanced regularly.

Compliance Risks

The Group keeps abreast and complies 

with all laws and regulations governing 

the conduct of business in the countries 

that it operates in. The businesses 

within the Group operate in regulated 

environment in different countries. 

These regulations include pricing, service 

standards, licences to operate and 

transport policies, which are stipulated 

by the relevant regulatory Authorities. 

We work closely with the regulatory 

Authorities in the respective countries 

as part of our risk management process 

to keep abreast of developments and 

policies that may affect our businesses 

and the competitive landscape. We 

manage our operations well and 

effectively to ensure that standards are 

met, thereby reducing significantly the 

risk of licences being withdrawn. 

Strategic Risks

We evaluate each new investment 

proposal to ensure that it is in line with 

the Group’s strategy and investment 

objective and it can meet the relevant 

33

Sustainability Report 2015


hurdle rates of return. This assessment 

includes macro and project specific 

risks analysis covering feasibility study, 

due diligence, financial modelling and 

sensitivity analysis of key investment 

assumptions and variables. To ensure 

that the rate of return on any new 

investment or business opportunity 

commensurate with the risk exposure 

taken, the new investment opportunity 

is evaluated in terms of (a) profitability; 

(b) return on investment; (c) payback 

period; (d) cash flow generation; (e) 

potential for internal and external 

growth; and (f) investment climate and 

political stability of the country. The 

investment proposal has to be approved 

according to the financial authority 

limits approved by the Board.

Audit Process

The Internal and External Auditors 

conduct reviews in accordance with their 

audit plans to assess the adequacy of the 

internal controls that are in place. Non-

compliance and recommendations for 

improvements are reported to the ARC, 

which reviews the effectiveness of the 

actions taken to mitigate the risks. In the 

course of their audits, the Internal and 

External Auditors highlight to the ARC 

and Management areas where there are 

material deficiencies and weaknesses or 

the occurrence or potential occurrence 

of significant risk events and propose 

mitigating measures and treatment 

plans. The recommendations are 

followed up as part of the Group’s 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

continuous review of the system of 

internal controls.

Code of Business Conduct, 

Anti-Corruption and Whistle 

Blowing Policy 

The Group has adopted a Code of 

Business Conduct which sets out the 

principles and policies upon which 

our businesses are conducted, as well 

as implemented a Whistle Blowing 

Policy to provide a mechanism for 

employees to raise concerns through 

well-defined and accessible confidential 

disclosure channels about possible 

improprieties in financial reporting 

or other improper business conduct 

in various aspects including potential 

fraud, bribery, discrimination or human 

right infringes. All employees are given 

a Company handbook detailing how 

they can go about raising their concerns. 

Incidents can also be reported through 

a direct link to the MD/Group CEO, the 

Group Human Resource Officer or the 

Group Internal Audit Officer on the 

Group’s Intranet.

All cases are investigated and dealt with 

promptly and thoroughly. An officer 

appointed by the MD/Group CEO will 

oversee all investigations. 

In 2015, no incident has been confirmed. 

In cases where the laws have been 

infringed, the relevant regulatory 

Authorities will be informed. The 

ARC will also be informed. Where 

appropriate, internal control measures 

are improved or additional measures 

put in place to prevent recurrence of 

the incidents.

ComfortDelGro has no political 

affiliations nor did it make any political 

contributions in 2015.

Opinion of the Board

Risk management is an important 

and integral part of ComfortDelGro’s 

strategic planning and decision-making 

process. Key risks are identified and 

presented to the Board annually. 

Ownership of the risk management 

process is clearly defined and cascaded 

to the executive and functional level, 

with stewardship retained at Senior 

Management. Action plans that are 

necessary to manage the risks are 

in place and closely monitored. The 

adequacy of the internal controls in 

place is also assessed as part of the 

process. Based on these reviews, 

the Board is of the view, with the 

concurrence of the ARC, that there are 

adequate and effective internal controls 

in place within the Group to address its 

financial, operational, compliance and 

information technology risks.

34

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited


GRI CONTENT INDEX G4 (CORE)

GENERAL STANDARD DISCLOSURES

CHAPTER/COMMENTS

PAGE REFERENCE

STRATEGY AND ANALYSIS

G4-1

Statement from the most senior decision-maker of the 

organisation about the relevance of sustainability to 

the organisation and the organisation’s strategy for 

addressing sustainability

Message from the Group CEO

2-3

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE

G4-3

Name of the organisation

About this Report

1

G4-4

Primary brands, products, and services

Annual Report, Operations Review AR 30-44

G4-5

Location of the organisation’s headquarters

Back cover

Back cover

G4-6

Number of countries where the organisation operates, 

and names of countries where either the organisation has 

significant operations or that are specifically relevant to 

the sustainability topics covered in the report

Annual Report, Global Footprint

AR 2-3

G4-7

Nature of ownership and legal form

ComfortDelGro Corporation 

Limited as well as its subsidiaries 

SBS Transit Ltd and VICOM 

Ltd are listed at the Singapore 

Stock Exchange

G4-8

Markets served (including geographic breakdown, sectors 

served, and types of customers and beneficiaries)

Annual Report, Operations Review AR 30-44

G4-9

Scale of the organisation

Annual Report, Global Footprint 

Annual Report, Group Financial 

Highlights

AR 2-3 

AR 11-13

G4-10

a.  Total number of employees by employment contract 

and gender

b.  Total number of permanent employees by 

employment type and gender

c.  Total workforce by employees and supervised workers 

and by gender

d. Total workforce by region and gender

e.  Report whether a substantial portion of the 

organisation’s work is performed by workers who are 

legally recognised as self-employed, or by individuals 

other than employees or supervised workers, including 

employees and supervised employees of contractors

f.  Any significant variations in employment numbers 

(such as seasonal variations in employment in the 

tourism or agricultural industries)

Our People 

No significant number of 

different employment contracts, 

of non-permanent employees 

or of supervised workers. 

No significant variations in 

employment numbers. 

22-27

– Fully covered 

n.a. – Not applicable

legend

35

Sustainability Report 2015


GENERAL STANDARD DISCLOSURES

CHAPTER/COMMENTS

PAGE REFERENCE

G4-11

Employees covered by collective bargaining agreements

Our People

26

G4-12

The organisation’s supply chain

Our Stakeholders and Partners

19

G4-13

Significant changes during the reporting period regarding 

the organisation’s size, structure, ownership, or its 

supply chain

n.a. – First Sustainability Report

n.a.

G4-14

Whether and how the precautionary approach or 

principle is addressed by the organisation

Our Approach to Sustainability

32-34

G4-15

Externally developed economic, environmental and social 

charters, principles, or other initiatives to which the 

organisation subscribes or which it endorses

Our Approach to Sustainability 

Our People

22, 31

G4-16

Memberships of associations (such as industry 

associations) and national or international 

advocacy organisations

Our Approach to Sustainability 

Our People

22, 31

IDENTIFIED MATERIAL ASPECTS AND BOUNDARIES

G4-17

All entities included or not included in organisation’s 

financial statements

Annual Report, Directories 

About this Report

AR 68-71 

1

G4-18

Process for defining Report Content

Materiality

6

G4-19

The material Aspects identified in the process for defining 

report content

Materiality 

6

G4-20

For each material Aspect, Aspect Boundary within 

the organisation

Materiality 

6

G4-21

Aspect Boundary outside the organisation

Materiality 

6

G4-22

Effect of any restatements of information provided in 

previous reports, and the reasons for such restatements 

n.a. – First Sustainability Report

n.a.

G4-23

Significant changes from previous reporting periods in 

the Scope and Aspect Boundaries

n.a. – First Sustainability Report

n.a.

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

G4-24

Stakeholder groups engaged by the organisation

Our Stakeholders and Partners

18

G4-25

Basis for identification and selection of Stakeholders with 

whom to engage

Our Stakeholders and Partners

18

G4-26

Approach to stakeholder engagement, including 

frequency of engagement by type and by Stakeholder 

group

Our Stakeholders and Partners

18-19

G4-27

Key topics and concerns raised through stakeholder 

engagement, and how the organisation has responded

Our Stakeholders and Partners

18-19

REPORT PROFILE

G4-28

Reporting period for information provided

About this Report

1

GRI CONTENT INDEX G4 (CORE)

36

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited


GENERAL STANDARD DISCLOSURES

CHAPTER/COMMENTS

PAGE REFERENCE

G4-29

Date of most recent previous report

About this Report

1

G4-30

Reporting cycle

About this Report

1

G4-31

Contact point for questions regarding the report or 

its contents

About this Report

1

G4-32

Report on ‘In accordance’ option, GRI Content Index, 

reference to External Assurance

About this Report

1

G4-33

Policy and current practice with regard to seeking 

external assurance for the report

About this Report

1

GOVERNANCE

G4-34

Governance structure of the organisation

Annual Report, Corporate 

Governance  

Our Approach to Sustainability

AR 46-56 

 

31-34

G4-58

Internal and external mechanisms for reporting concerns 

about ethical and lawful behaviour, and matters related 

to organisational integrity, such as escalation through line 

management, whistle blowing mechanisms or hotlines

Annual Report, Corporate 

Governance 

Our Approach to Sustainability

AR 46-56 

 

31-34

SPECIFIC STANDARD DISCLOSURES

CHAPTER/COMMENTS

PAGE REFERENCE

CATEGORY: ECONOMIC

ASPECT: ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Annual Report, Operations Review AR 30-44

G4-EC1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

Annual Report,  

Group Financial Highlights 

Reaching Out

AR 11-13 

 

28-30

CATEGORY: ENVIRONMENTAL

ASPECT: ENERGY

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

The Green Statement 

Environment

8 

9-12

G4-EN3

Energy consumption within the organisation

Environment

9-12

ASPECT: WATER

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Environment

9-12

G4-EN8

Total water withdrawal by source

Environment 

Data includes washing of taxi on 

ComfortDelGro’s premises 

12

ASPECT: EMISSIONS

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

The Green Statement 

Environment

8 

9-12

37

Sustainability Report 2015


GRI CONTENT INDEX G4 (CORE)

SPECIFIC STANDARD DISCLOSURES

CHAPTER/COMMENTS

PAGE REFERENCE

G4-EN15

Direct Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions (Scope 1)

Environment

9-12

ASPECT: EFFLUENTS AND WASTE 

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

The Green Statement 

Environment

8 

9-12

G4-EN23

Total weight of waste by type and disposal method

Environment

11

CATEGORY: SOCIAL

SUB-CATEGORY: LABOUR PRACTICES AND DECENT WORK

ASPECT: LABOUR/MANAGEMENT RELATIONS

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our People

20-27

G4-LA4

Minimum notice periods regarding operational 

changes, including whether these are specified 

in Collective Agreements

Our People

26

ASPECT: OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Health &amp; Safety

13-17

G4-LA6

Type of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, 

lost days, and absenteeism, and total number of work-

related fatalities, by region and by gender

Health &amp; Safety

13-14

G4-LA7

Workers with high incidence or high risk of diseases 

related to their occupation

Health &amp; Safety

13-14

ASPECT: TRAINING AND EDUCATION

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our People

26-27

G4-LA9

Training per year per employee by gender, and by 

employee category

Our People

26-27

G4-LA11

Employees receiving regular performance and 

career development reviews, by gender and by 

employee category

Our People

26

ASPECT: DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our People

22-25

G4-LA12

Composition of governance bodies and breakdown of 

employees per employee category according to gender, 

age group, minority group membership, and other 

indicators of diversity

Our People 

All Board members are of Chinese 

ethnicity. 88% are above 50 years 

old, with one member (12.5%) 

belonging to the age group 30 to 

50 years old.

22-25

38

ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited


SPECIFIC STANDARD DISCLOSURES

CHAPTER/COMMENTS

PAGE REFERENCE

SUB-CATEGORY: HUMAN RIGHTS

ASPECT: NON-DISCRIMINATION

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our People 

Our Approach to Sustainability

22-27 

34

G4-HR3

Total number of incidents of discrimination and 

corrective actions taken

Our Approach to Sustainability

34

SUB-CATEGORY: SOCIETY

ASPECT: LOCAL COMMUNITIES

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Reaching Out

28-30

G4-SO1

Operations with implemented local community 

engagement, impact assessments, and 

development programmes

Reaching Out

28-30

G4-SO2

Operations with significant actual and potential negative 

impacts on local communities

Reaching Out

28-30

ASPECT: ANTI-CORRUPTION

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Materiality 

Our Stakeholders and Partners 

Our Approach to Sustainability

6 

19 

31-34

G4-SO3

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption and 

the significant risks identified

Materiality 

Our Stakeholders and Partners 

Our Approach to Sustainability

6 

19 

31-34

G4-SO5

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

Our Approach to Sustainability

34

ASPECT: PUBLIC POLICY

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Materiality 

Our Stakeholders and Partners 

Our Approach to Sustainability

6 

19 

31-34

G4-SO6

Total value of political contributions by country and 

recipient/beneficiary

Our Approach to Sustainability

34

SUB-CATEGORY: PRODUCT RESPONSIBILITY

ASPECT: CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Materiality 

Environment  

Health &amp; Safety

7 

11 

13-17

G4-PR1

Significant product and service categories for which 

health and safety impacts are assessed for improvement

All of our operations are regularly 

assessed for health and safety 

improvements. Also see chapter 

Health and Safety

13-17

G4-PR2

Incidents of non-compliance with regulations and 

voluntary codes concerning the health and safety 

impacts of products and services during their life cycle

Health &amp; Safety

13-17

39

Sustainability Report 2015


This page has been left blank intentionally.











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































