
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

COMPACT METAL INDUSTRIES LTD  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

 

 

 

 

 

 














 

2 

 

 

 





 



ORGANIZATIONAL PROFILE .............................................................................. 3



 



ABOUT THIS REPORT ........................................................................................ 4



 



BOARD’S STATEMENT ...................................................................................... 4



 



POLICY, PRACTICES AND PERFORMANCE REPORTING ...................................... 5



 



ECONOMIC ...................................................................................................... 9



 



ENVIRONMENT .............................................................................................. 10



 



SOCIAL ........................................................................................................... 12



 



GOVERNANCE ................................................................................................ 16



 



GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX .................................................................. 17



 



 

 

 



i 


 

3 

 

 

ORGANIZATIONAL PROFILE 

 

Compact Metal Industries Ltd, was founded in 1973, with its principal activities in mild steel window 

fabrication. Over the years, it had expanded by acquiring as well as setting up new subsidiaries under its 

wing to become vertically integrated i.e. a “One Stop Aluminium Specialist”. The Group has been facing 

strong competition in its aluminium business in recent years as a result of falling gross margins of 

projects and increases in prices of raw materials. With a view of diversifying the Group’s business, the 

Group acquired a new cement plant in Tajikistan. This strategic acquisition has allowed the Group to 

achieve an immediate business and operational presence in the cement market in Central Asia, aligned 

with the Group’s focus of tapping on business opportunities in the production, distribution and sale of 

cement in emerging markets. 

 

 

 




 

4 

 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT  

 

This report is set out on a “comply or explain” basis in accordance with Rule 711B and Practice Note 

7.6B of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (SGX-ST) Listing Manual on Continuing Listing 

Obligations for Mainboard listed companies. CMIL has chosen the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) 

framework as it is the most established international sustainability reporting standard and this report is 

guided by the Core option of the GRI Standards. This report highlights the key environmental, social and 

governance related initiatives carried out throughout a 12-month period, from 1 January 2017 to 31 

December 2017. We will only be covering the Group’s aluminium business for this report as the cement 

business was acquired in October 2017. In line with the Group’s continued commitment to 

environmental sustainability, we hope to share more on our cement business in our subsequent reports.  

 

BOARD’S STATEMENT 

 

Recognising the importance of sustainability, the Board of Directors (“Board”) leads the sustainability 

efforts at the Group. The Board has considered sustainability issues as part of its strategic formulation, 

determined the material ESG factors and overseen the management and monitoring of these factors. 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables us 

to improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and suggestions to 

info@compact.com.sg.    

 

4 December 2018   

 

 


 

5 

 

 

POLICY, PRACTICES AND PERFORMANCE REPORTING 

 

OUR APPROACH 

 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT  

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and material 

aspects relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken into 

account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, but are not limited to, 

customers, suppliers, employees, investors, and regulators. We adopt both formal and informal 

channels of communication to understand the needs of key stakeholders, and incorporate these into our 

corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships. The following sets out our engagement 

platforms with our stakeholders: 

 




 

6 

 

 

Stakeholder 

Key topics and concerns 

Means of communication 

and exchange 

Actions taken 

Employees 

 

Protecting employees’ 

basic rights and interests 

 

Promoting capability 

enhancement 

 

Broad choices for career 

development 

 

Sense of belonging and 

identity 

 

Sharing outcomes of 

corporate development 

 

Open dialogues 

 

Team bonding  

 

Disclosure of relevant 

information  

 

Safeguarding employees’ 

legal rights and interests 

 

Providing fair 

opportunities and 

platforms for work, 

learning and promotion 

 

Career planning 

 

Fulfilling individual values 

 

Creating a happy 

environment 

Customers 

 

Providing high quality 

products 

 

Providing high quality 

services 

 

Protection of rights and 

interests 

 

Timely delivery  

 

Email queries and 

feedback  

 

Seeking customer 

opinions  

 

Market feedback 

 

High quality raw 

materials 

 

Technological innovation 

 

Development of 

customer service system 

 

Customer satisfaction 

survey 

Suppliers and 

service 

providers 

 

Products and services 

 

Fair business conducts 

 

Honest transactions 

 

Timely performance of 

contracts 

 

Win-win by cooperation 

 

Compliance and 

comparable pricings  

 

Face to face meet-up 

 

Annual review 

 

Contracts and agreement 

 

Assessment being an 

approved vendor  

 

 

Exploring new areas for 

cooperation 

 

Responsible procurement 

 

Disclosure of 

procurement information 

 

Enhancing common 

beliefs 

Investors / 

Shareholders  

 

Honesty and integrity 

 

Regulated operations 

 

Profitability 

 

Group annual report  

 

Annual general meeting 

with investors 

 

 

 

 

 


 

7 

 

 

MATERIAL ASPECTS ASSESSMENT 

An important part of our sustainability journey begins with the identification of relevant aspects. 

Relevant aspects are then prioritised as material factors which are then validated. The end result of this 

process is a list of material factors disclosed in the sustainability report. The assessment process is as 

shown below: 

 

 

 

 

We conducted a materiality assessment during the year with the help of an external consultant. Going 

forward, materiality review will be conducted every year, incorporating inputs from the engagements 

with key stakeholders. 

 

 

 

IDENTIFICATION of 

material factors 

that are of 

relevance to the 

Group’s activities 

 

PRIORISATION of 

material factors 

and identification 

of key 

sustainability 

factors to be 

reported upon 

VALIDATION of the 

completeness of 

key sustainability 

factors identified 

to finalise 

sustainability 

report 

REVIEW focuses on 

material factors in 

previous reporting 

period and  

consider 

customer’s 

feedback 


 

8 

 

 

To determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, environment 

and society and influence on the stakeholders.  Together with senior management and our external 

consultant, aspects were identified and prioritised through internal workshops, peer reviews and social 

impact assessments on site.  Applying the guidance from GRI, we have identified the following material 

aspects: 

 

 

 

 

TARGETS 

Given that this is our first report, we do not have sufficient performance data to form a trend for the 

purpose of setting targets. Accordingly, the process of target setting is deferred till a time when 

there is adequate data to set reasonable targets. 

 

 




 

9 

 

 

ECONOMIC 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

The Group believes that focus on financial sustainability is critical and we are fully committed to the 

highest standards of corporate governance. FY 2017 was a challenging year and with the acquisition of 

the cement plant, revenue increased by 68% from $25.6 million in FY2016 to $42.9 million in FY2017, 

and profit before tax increased from $0.3 million in FY2016 to $3.4 million in FY2017. 

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to our Annual Report 2017 Financial Statements, pages 38 to 

43. 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION / BRIBERY 

In our dealings with our customers, we get our employees to strictly uphold the Group policy on anti-

corruption/bribery clauses. We may also ask our suppliers through a supplier questionnaire on whether 

they have anti-corruption/bribery clause with their upstream suppliers. Meanwhile, the Group has 

formulated directives and regulations, provided anti-commercial bribery trainings, executed anti-

commercial bribery commitment letters and taken a number of other measures targeting at the risk of 

commercial bribery, to ensure that its business activities are carried out on the premise of lawfulness 

and compliance. In 2017, the Company was not involved in any litigation cases concerning corruption, 

bribery, blackmailing, fraud and money laundering.   

 

 

 


 

10 

 

 

ENVIRONMENT  

 

As a responsible environmental company, we will continue to maintain our core focus well into the 

future and our proactive commitment to environmental awareness and stewardship.  

 

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE 

Due to our business nature, there are effluents generated from the production process. We monitor 

effluents every day to ensure compliance with government regulations. Waste water disposed into the 

nearby waters are checked daily to ensure that they are within the safety limits.  

 

Type of waste 

Total weight 

Disposal Method 

i. 

Sludge  

ii. Waste water  

i. 

79 metric tonnes 

ii. 316,800 litres  

i. 

Sludge will be sent to a waste management centre 

which has incineration plant, solidification plant, 

physical &amp; chemical plant, secured landfill and clinic 

waste treatment centre and sludge from coating 

division will be disposed by an authorized collector 

twice a year.  

ii. Water used for Aluminium surface preparation is 

treated by qualified waste water consultant. 

Treated water sample is lab tested to ensure 

meeting environmental requirement for discharge 

to public water system. Our company reuses the 

treated water as water curtain which evaporate 

during coating operation.  

 

Gas emissions from the PVDF wet paint coating line and powder coating line are released through 

respective chimneys. Air emission monitoring is conducted yearly to determine the quantum of solid 

particles and volatile organic compound through chimneys. This practice is to ensure that Standard 

Environmental Quality (Clean Air) Regulation 1978, Standard “C”, Part V Requirement of Malaysia is met.  

The Group has complied to the regulations for the year 2017.  

 


 

11 

 

 

The company has also established policies and procedures for handling other solid and liquid waste 

generated: 

 

Waste generated must not be stored more than 6 months, or 20 metric tonnes in the designated 

area. 

 

Wastes should be packed with suitable packaging to prevent contamination of the surrounding (for 

example: ink and waste sludge must be kept in jumbo bags, while used metal drums must be stored 

on pallet). 

 

The date on which waste is collected must be shown on a label on the waste packaging. 

 

Waste packages must be stowed properly to prevent them from spillage or leakage of the waste. 

 

Waste storage area is locked and only accessed by authorised personnel handling the waste. 

 

Waste is collected and disposed by certified waste collectors.  

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

It is a continuous challenge to successfully manage environmental issues. Sustainable and 

responsibilities practices have incorporated into our business model and implemented throughout the 

Group. Our products and services meet relevant safety and environmental requirements demanded by 

our customers and the regulatory bodies. There is no non-compliance in 2017. 

 

SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT 

The Group will continue to reduce its environmental impact and to encourage its stakeholders, such as 

suppliers and trading partners, to meet the same expectations. Moving forward, we will continue to 

conduct annual evaluation on our key suppliers and ask them to provide us their policies on monitoring 

and managing of supply chain with regards to environmental issues, efficient use of resources, ethics, 

training or safety issues. 

 

 

 


 

12 

 

 

SOCIAL 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

The Group is firmly committed to a policy which enables all work activities to be carried out safely, and 

with all possible measures taken to remove or at least reduce risks to the health, safety and welfare of 

workers, contractors, authorised visitors, and anyone else who may be affected by our operations. We 

ensure that we comply with the various Work Health and Safety Act in the respective countries that we 

operate in.  

 

All new employees are required to undergo mandatory safety training and drills to ensure that they are 

familiar with the machines before they can work without supervision. A health and safety officer is also 

appointed for each entity to ensure site safety; monitor and assess hazardous and unsafe situations; and 

develop measures to ensure personal safety.  

 

There were no major safety-related incidents, and only three minor incidents in 2017. We understand that 

accidents do happen during work and we will strive to reduce the number of accidents in the upcoming year 

by constantly inspecting our machines and reminding workers to be vigilant at work.  

 

A Health and Safety Committee has also been established of which members meets up regularly to receive 

reports on health and safety and environmental audits, accident statistics, communications with enforcing 

authorities, and from relevant sub-groups, and to make recommendations to relevant internal management 

on any corrective action required. 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION  

We strongly believe that workplace training is an essential way to keep the Group competitive. Training 

provides the employees with the expertise they need to fulfil their role and aid them in their career 

progression. By constantly providing training to employees, we are continuously engaging them and this 

in turns improve employee retention and growth. At the same time, it boosts a feeling of value in the 

employees and they will feel appreciated and stay longer with the Group. 

 

 

 


 

13 

 

 

Information on staff training hours is as follows:  

Staff Training 

Group  

Total number of staff trained 

164 

Total training hours 

833 

 

EMPLOYMENT 

CMIL practices fair employment and is committed to eliminating discrimination and encouraging 

diversity amongst our workforce. 27 new staff were hired in the year 2017.  

 

Profile (by age) of new hires is as follows: 

 

 

Profile (by gender) of new hires is as follows: 

 

Profile (by age and nationality) of employees is as follows: 

 



Female 

46% 

Male 

54% 

Gender breakdown for new hires 

Female

Male


 

14 

 

 

 

 

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY  

We embrace diversity, and at the same time expect employees to be aligned with the Group’s vision and 

strategic initiatives. The age of our staff ranges from 20s to 60s. Our staff consists of people with 

different nationalities and academic qualifications, but we strive for fair treatment. We are committed 

to providing competitive remuneration and benefits to our employees. We are also committed to 

safeguarding our employees’ health and safety against any potential workplace hazards. 

 

CODE OF CONDUCT 

The Group sets out the expected code of conduct in its employee handbook and ensures compliance 

under 30 years 

32% 

30 to 50 years 

48% 

51 years and 

above 

20% 

Age Breakdown 

under 30 years

30 to 50 years

51 years and above

Malaysia 

40% 

Myammar 

19% 

Nepal 

21% 

Singapore 

7% 

India 

7% 

Others  

6% 

Nationality Breakdown 

Malaysia

Myammar

Nepal

Singapore

India

Others


 

15 

 

 

with labour and employment laws, including working hours. Furthermore, the Group does not 

discriminate against anyone because of age, gender, national origin, disability, religion, sexual 

orientation, marital or maternity status, union membership or political opinion, among others. An 

Equality and Diversity Policy has been established where the Group is committed to promoting equality 

and diversity and in ensuring that individuals are treated fairly and valued. The Group recognises that it 

has clear obligations towards all employees to ensure they are treated fairly. Non-compliance in relation 

to discrimination must be reported to the manager, human resources or through our whistle blowing 

system. 

 

 


 

16 

 

 

GOVERNANCE 

 

Lawful and compliant business conduct are the fundamentals of an enterprise. It starts with our 

production and operation activities. The Group is committed to building an excellent enterprise, strictly 

abiding by state laws and regulations, diligently implementing and executing industry-related policies. 

We also adhere to business ethics, build stringent management systems and decision-making processes 

and reduce system constraints. At the same time, we identify controls over key processes and 

continuously improve our internal control systems to regulate the Group’s production and business 

conduct.  

 

In 2017, the Company further focused on enhancing its capabilities of governance. Specifically, it sought 

legal support service for significant decisions at the headquarters, focusing on strengthening guidance, 

coordination and supervision of any major disputes at the subsidiary level, and carried out works to 

increase awareness for preventing legal risks among all employees. 

 

Please refer to the 2017 Annual Report pages 17 to 29 on details of the Code of Corporate Governance. 

 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT (“ERM”) 

ERM is an integral part of good corporate governance as well as resource management. A thorough and 

comprehensive ERM framework enables the Group to identify, communicate and manage its risks and 

exposures in an integrated, systematic and consistent manner. For details on ERM, please refer to our 

Annual Report, page 23. 

 

WHISTLE BLOWING  

Our whistle blowing policy provides a mechanism for employees and external parties to report concerns 

over alleged wrongful acts. The policy is posted on various locations in the office so that employees are 

well aware of the policy. There were no whistle blowing cases in 2017. 

 

 


 

17 

 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

Compact Metal Industries Limited  

102-2 

Activities, brands, products 

and services 

Annual report (Pg 5) 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Annual report (Pg 5) 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Annual report (Pg 5) 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual report (Pg 5) 

102-6 

Markets served 

Annual report (Pg 5) 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Annual report (Pg 5) 

102-8 

Information on employees 

and other workers 

Social (Pg 12) 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Stakeholders engagement (Pg 6) 

102-10 

Significant changes to the 

organisation and its supply 

chain 

There were no significant changes. 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or 

approach 

Not applicable 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Not applicable 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Nil 

102-14 

Statement from senior 

decision maker 

SR: (Pg 4)  

102-16 

Values, principles, standards 

and norms of behaviour 

Annual report (Pg 25) 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Annual report (Pg 12 to 27) 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholders engagement (Pg 6) 

102-41 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

Nil 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

Stakeholders engagement (Pg 6) 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

Stakeholders engagement (Pg 6) 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns 

raised 

Key topics and concerns raised (Pg 6) 

102-45 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

Annual Report (Pg 62-64) 

102-46 

Defining report content and 

topic boundaries 

About this Report (Pg 3) 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Material Aspects Assessment   

102-48 

Restatement of information 

Not applicable since this is the first report. 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable since this is the first report. 

102-50 

Reporting period 

About this Report (Pg 3) 

102-51 

Date of most recent 

previous report 

Not applicable since this is the first report. 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annual 


 

18 

 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

102-53 

Contact point for questions 

about the report 

About this Report (Pg 3) 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in 

accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

This report has been guided by the GRI Standards 

(Core option) 

102-55 

GRI content index 

GRI Content Index (Pg 16 to 17) 

102-56 

External Assurance 

We may seek external assurance in the future. 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: 

Economic 

performance 

103-1 

Explanation and reporting 

boundary 

Economic (Pg 9) 

201-1 

Direct economic value 

generated and distributed 

Economic (Pg 9) 

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 

205-2 

Communication and training 

about anti-corruption 

policies 

and procedures 

Economic (Pg 9)  

GRI 306: 

Effluents and 

waste 

306-1 

Water discharge by quality 

and destination 

Environment (Pg 10) 

301-2 

Waste by type and disposal 

method 

Environment (Pg 10) 

GRI 307: 

Environmenta

l compliance  

307-1 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

Environment (Pg 11)  

GRI 308: 

Supplier 

environmenta

l assessment 

103-1 

Explanation and reporting 

boundary 

Environment (Pg 11) 

308-1 

New suppliers that were 

screened using 

environmental criteria 

Environment (Pg 11) 

GRI 401: 

Employment 

401-1 

New employee hires and 

employee turnover 

Social (Pg 13) 

GRI 403: 

Occupation 

Health and 

Safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of 

injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of 

work-related fatalities 

Social (Pg 12) 

GRI 404: 

Training and 

Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training 

per year per employee 

Social (Pg 13) 

GRI 405: 

Diversity and 

equal 

opportunity 

103-1 

Explanation and reporting 

boundary 

Social (Pg 14) 

405-1 

Diversity of governance 

bodies and employees 

Social (Pg 14) 

 

 

 

