







CONTENTS

Board Statement 

2

About This Report 

2

Our Approach To Sustainability 

3

FY2018 Highlights 

4

Managing Sustainability 

Management Structure 

5

Stakeholder Engagement 

5

Materiality Assessment 

6

Being The One Right Choice 

Compliance With Laws And Regulations 

8

Security Of Storage Facilities 

8

Product Quality And Reliability 

9

Demographic Shift 

10

Caring For Our Customers 

Customer Privacy 

10

Customer Satisfaction 

11

Clinical Awareness and Utility of 

Stem Cells  

11

Caring For Our Employees 

Occupational Health And Safety 

12

Caring For The Environment 

Emissions 

13



STRONGER

TOGETHER

1


board 

statement

We are pleased to present Cordlife Group Limited’s inaugural Sustainability Report for the financial period from 1 July 2017 to 

31 December 2018 (“FY2018”).

Our commitment to excellence has enabled us to become one of the pioneering and leading private cord blood banks in Asia. In 

the face of a changing operating environment, we believe comprehensive considerations for environmental, social, and governance 

(“ESG”) risks and opportunities relevant to our business is vital in realising excellence in the long run. We are committed to integrating 

considerations for sustainability into our business decisions to help us better serve our customers and stakeholders.

We are supported by the Sustainability Steering Committee (“SSC”), composed of our key management team, in our efforts to monitor 

our ESG performance. We work together to identify and manage ESG factors material to our business, and report our sustainability 

performance and targets to our stakeholders.

We look forward to sharing our pursuit to create sustainable value with you.

Board of Directors

Cordlife Group Limited

ABOUT THIS 

rEPORT

This report covers Cordlife Group Limited’s (“Cordlife”) sustainability practices and performance during FY2018, with a focus on describing 

our management approach towards ESG issues material to our business and stakeholders. The scope of the report encompasses our 

cord blood and cord lining banking operations in Singapore.

This report has been prepared in line with the sustainability reporting requirements as defined in the SGX-ST Listing Manual (Rules 711A 

and 711B), and with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards. This report references the following GRI Standards 

and topic-specific Disclosures:

• 

Disclosure 201-1 from GRI 201: Economic Performance 2016

• 

Disclosures 302-1 from GRI 302: Energy 2016

• 

Disclosures 305-1 and 305-2 from GRI 305 Emissions 2016

• 

Disclosure 403-2 from GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2016

• 

Disclosure 418-1 from GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016

• 

Disclosure 419-1 from GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 2016

All information is disclosed in good faith and to the best of our knowledge. We will report on our sustainability performance annually. We 

look forward to receiving your feedback on our sustainability practices and reporting at investor.relations@cordlife.com.

CORDLIFE GROUP LIMITED

sustainability REPORT 2018

2


OUR APPROACH

TO SUSTAINABILITY

At Cordlife, we believe considerations for ESG risks and opportunities will enable us to create value for our stakeholders in the long run. 

Guided by ESG factors that are most relevant to our business and stakeholders, we have formulated four key pillars that are imperative 

to our business’ sustainability.



Being the one 

right choice 

Caring for our 

customers 

Our business needs to be 

founded on governance 

excellence to be the 

one right choice for our 

customers. We uphold 

the utmost standards of 

integrity in our business, 

and proactively monitor key 

risks to ensure business 

continuity. 

Our business is built of 

the trust of our customers 

and we endeavour to 

meet their needs. We do 

so by safeguarding their 

privacy and by proactively 

engaging them through 

various channels and 

initiatives. 

Caring for our 

employees 

Our business would not 

exist without our people. 

We work to safeguard our 

employees’ health and 

safety by providing a safe 

working environment. 

Caring for the 

environment 

We pay attention to the 

resources our operations 

require and we aim to do 

our part to minimise the 

environmental impact our 

operations may cause.



STRONGER

TOGETHER

3




fy2018 

highlights

Zero non-compliant 

incidents with relevant 

laws and regulations that 

resulted in significant fines 

or legal actions 

Zero formal claims by 

customers concerning 

breaches of customer 

privacy and losses of 

customer data

Acquired AABB 

reaccreditation

Acquired FACT 

reaccreditation

Zero occupational health

and safety incidents

Conducted a total 

of 44 initiatives to 

enhance clinical 

awareness and 

utility of stem cell 

application

Leading Enterprise 

Contributor for 1000 

Enterprises for 

Children-in-Need 

Programme in 2017

Launched first-ever public

Cordlife Donation Drive in

Singapore to raise cash 

and donations-in-

kind for Singapore 

Children’s Society 

in December 2017

Recognised as a Human 

Capital Partner by the 

Tripartite Alliance for Fair 

and Progressive Employment 

Practices 

set up by the 

Ministry of 

Manpower of 

Singapore



01



04



07



02



05



08



03



06



09



FACT

AABB

CORDLIFE GROUP LIMITED

sustainability REPORT 2018

4


MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE

Our sustainability governance structure is led by the Board. The Board determines the directions of our sustainability agenda, including 

our material ESG factors. The SSC supports the Board in realising the sustainability agenda set forth and reports to the Board regularly. 

Composed of the Group Chief Executive Officer, Group Chief Financial Officer and Group Directors of key business divisions, the SSC 

meets regularly to develop sustainability strategy and targets, drive initiatives, monitor and manage our sustainability performance.

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Our stakeholders play an important role in shaping our success. We believe understanding our stakeholders’ needs and meeting their 

expectations will ensure the long-term viability of our business. We engage our key stakeholders regularly through the methods and 

channels below, and we are committed to maintaining transparent mutual communications.

Key Stakeholders

Engagement Methods

Engagement Frequency

Customers

• Information pack

• Customer service hotline 

• Online customer centre and feedback form 

• Consultation booths at hospitals and clinics 

• News updates, events and seminars

• Customer satisfaction surveys for services and events

• Throughout the year 

• Throughout the year 

• Throughout the year 

• Throughout the year 

• Throughout the year 

• Throughout the year

Employees

• Performance appraisals 

• Training and development programmes, including company-wide 

talks on industry updates 

• Internal communications via emails and intranet 

• Employee feedback channel

• Annually 

• Throughout the year 

• Throughout the year 

• Throughout the year

Healthcare Professionals

• Trainings on cord blood and lining collection procedures 

• Updates on industry news and services 

• Continuing medical education on related research and updates 

• Partnerships on clinical trials

• Annually 

• Throughout the year 

• Annually/Semi-annually 

• Throughout the year

Suppliers

• Procurement processes, including supplier evaluation and qualification 

• Supplier reviews 

• Constant feedback and communications

• Throughout the year 

• Annually 

• Throughout the year

Government/Regulators

• Meetings, discussions and consultations 

• Compliance with reporting requirements

• Throughout the year 

• Throughout the year

Investors/Shareholders

• Financial results briefings 

• Annual General Meeting 

• Timely updates, announcements and press releases on key business 

decisions and developments via SGXNet and corporate website

• Quarterly 

• Annually

• Throughout the year

MANAGING

SUSTAINABILITY

STRONGER

TOGETHER

5


MANAGING

SUSTAINABILITY

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

Guided by the GRI Standards’ Materiality Principle, we conducted a materiality assessment to identify and prioritise the material ESG 

factors that are significant to our business and key stakeholders. We have taken a three-step approach to the materiality assessment 

process, as shown below.

The following sources were considered in the process of identifying potential material ESG factors:

• 

ESG issues and trends pertinent to healthcare industry

• 

ESG issues and concerns as identified by our peers

• 

Risks that most affect our operations and success

A total of ten material ESG factors have been identified from the assessment, which have been reviewed and approved by the Board. 

We will continue to review the list of material ESG factors annually to ensure their pertinence and priority to our business and our key 

stakeholders.

1 Please refer to our annual report for further details.

Identify potential 

material ESG factors

Prioritise 

material ESG 

factors based on 

Sustainaiblity 

Steering 

Committee’s 

evaluation

Validate material 

ESG factors by 

the Board

CORDLIFE GROUP LIMITED

sustainability REPORT 2018

6




MANAGING SUSTAINABILITY

Material ESG 

Factors

Materiality to Cordlife

Corresponding Topic-specific 

GRI Standards

Economic 

Performance1

As a listed company, we strive to maximise the wealth of our shareholders. 

It is critical to ensure the growth of our economic performance and our 

economic sustainability.

• GRI 201: Economic 

Performance 2016

Compliance 

with Laws and 

Regulations

Healthcare is a heavily regulated industry. It is essential for us to comply 

with all relevant laws and regulations to maintain our licence to operate.

• GRI 419: Socioeconomic 

Compliance 2016

Security of Storage 

Facilities

We are responsible for storing our customers’ cord blood and lining for 

an extended period of time. We are committed to protecting our storage 

facilities to ensure the availability of the cord blood and lining when 

needed in the future.

• Not applicable (non-GRI 

topic)

Product Quality and 

Reliability

The quality and viability of the cord blood and cord lining when used, could 

directly impact our customers’ health. It is critical to protect the quality of 

the cord blood and lining collected, processed and stored.

• Not applicable (non-GRI 

topic)

Customer Privacy

We have access to sensitive personal information of our customers, 

including medical records, personal identification information, and genetic 

and biological information in the form of cord blood or lining. To ensure 

legal compliance and to maintain public trust, it is essential for Cordlife to 

safeguard customer privacy.

• GRI 418: Customer Privacy 

2016

Customer 

Satisfaction

The ability to acquire and retain customers is one of the salient factors that 

determine our success. We are committed to ensuring that our customers’ 

needs are met.

• Not applicable (non-GRI 

topic)

Occupational Health 

&amp; Safety

Our laboratory personnel are faced with inherently high occupational 

health and safety risks, as they need to work with blood samples and liquid 

nitrogen. It is vital to train our laboratory personnel adequately, and ensure 

our working environment is safe.

• GRI 403: Occupational 

Health and Safety 2016

Emissions

While energy consumption from our operations could be relatively small, 

there can be significant amount of embodied greenhouse gas (GHG) 

emissions associated with air travel, medical courier activities and the 

production of medical supplies such as liquid nitrogen. We therefore strive 

to monitor and manage not only our own emissions, but also emissions 

across our supply chain.

• GRI 302: Energy 2016 

GRI 305 Emissions 2016

Clinical Awareness 

and Utility of Stem 

Cell Application

We are committed to communicating the benefits of our products and 

services through raising clinical awareness and utility of stem cells. We 

engage different stakeholders to enhance public understanding of stem 

cell applications.

• Not applicable (non-GRI 

topic)

Demographic Shift

Stagnant or decreasing birth rates directly affect demand for our products 

and services. We regularly monitor birth rates and demographic data to 

help us craft our approach to the market.

• Not applicable (non-GRI 

topic)

STRONGER

TOGETHER

7


COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

BEING THE ONE

RIGHT CHOICE

All of our policies and guidelines are developed and constantly 

being enhanced to comply with the relevant regulations. As 

a clinical laboratory licensed under the Private Hospitals and 

Medical Clinics (“PHMC”) Act by the Ministry of Health of 

Singapore (“MOH”), all standard operating procedures (“SOPs”) 

for our work activities are in strict adherence to the code of 

standards as stipulated in the Act. Our Human Resources (“HR”) 

policies, including our Employee Handbook, are prepared in 

accordance with the Ministry of Manpower (“MOM”) Employment 

Act.

All our employees must adhere to company policies and guidelines 

and conduct business responsibly. Our Code of Conduct 

stipulates behaviours expected from our employees. Induction 

and on-the-job trainings related to regulations are conducted for 

all new employees upon commencement of their employment. A 

whistleblowing policy has also been put in place to provide well 

defined and accessible channels for employees to raise concerns 

about possible improper matters.

We review our SOPs and related documents as well as conduct 

internal audits on critical business functions such as laboratory 

and operations systematically every year, to ensure strict 

adherence to the latest regulatory requirements. We also conduct 

quarterly quality training to keep our employees updated on the 

latest regulatory requirements.

Any deviations from the stipulated processes and regulatory 

standards are captured in our Corrective and Preventive Action 

(“CAPA”) system, which serves as a centralised monitoring and 

recording platform to ensure that responsibilities and tasks are 

assigned to the relevant cross-functional team of process owners 

involved. Through our CAPA process, root cause analysis is 

performed and the final action plan is documented, executed and 

verified to prevent recurrence of the nonconforming issues.

We have migrated our CAPA system online to facilitate 

continuous monitoring and automation of the entire CAPA 

process so that our team can address issues in real-time. As 

operational excellence can help to reduce administrative and 

operational costs, information recorded in our CAPA system also 

serves as operational intelligence. This real-time monitoring of 

non-conformances allows us to implement additional preventive 

actions efficiently to reduce compliance issues and streamline 

work flows for better operational efficiency throughout our 

facilities.

In FY2018, we successfully renewed our clinical laboratory licence 

from MOH after going through a rigorous on-site inspection by 

MOH auditors. At the end of the inspection, we were determined 

to be in full compliance with regulations listed under the PHMC 

Act.

SECURITY OF STORAGE FACILITIES

1 Formerly known as American Association of Blood Banks, AABB is an international, 

not-for-profit association representing individuals and organisations involved in 

transfusion and cell transplantation medicine.

2 The Foundation for the Accreditation of Cellular Therapy (FACT), also a non-profit 

corporation, is the leader in international standards for cellular therapy, used in 

Europe, USA, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.

We take our commitment to safeguard our customers’ cord 

blood and lining very seriously to uphold the trust our customers 

have placed in us. Our storage facility at A’Posh Bizhub has 

passed stringent audits conducted by MOH, AABB1 and FACT2. 



As a pioneer in private cord blood banking in Asia, we are committed to being the one right choice for our customers because they 

have only one chance to preserve their babies’ cord blood and lining. We uphold the utmost standards for compliance with laws and 

regulations, management of our operations and facilities, and we adopt a forward-looking approach to understanding our markets in 

order to continue to be the dependable choice for our customers.





FY2018 Performance 

 • Zero non-compliant incidents with 

relevant laws and regulations that 

resulted in significant fines or legal 

actions

FY2019 Target 

 • Zero incidents of non-compliance with 

regulatory standards

 • Conduct a minimum of 4 in-house trainings to keep 

employees updated on regulatory changes





FY2018 Performance 

 • Conducted monthly inspection of storage 

tanks

 • Completed 1 fire drill with A’Posh BizHub 

management

FY2019 Target 

 • Zero facility security or malfunction 

incidents on the premises

 • Inspect storage tanks every month and ensure they are 

well-maintained

 • Carry out fire drills and other such safety protocols as 

required by the A’Posh BizHub management

CORDLIFE GROUP LIMITED

sustainability REPORT 2018

8


BEING THE ONE RIGHT CHOICE

Our laboratory is equipped with fire retardant walls and multiple 

backup systems to ensure uninterrupted operation at all times. 

Our storage tanks are designed to maintain optimal cryogenic 

storage temperatures for cell storage over long periods.

Access to the laboratory and storage area is strictly controlled. 

Our Quality Manual for Safety and Facility Management and 

relevant SOPs dictate access restriction for specific areas of our 

facility. Each of our employee’s scope of access is determined by 

their roles in the company, and the access pass system is updated 

immediately whenever there are movements in staff. The access 

authorisation list is also reviewed annually. Our storage tanks 

are monitored 24 hours a day year-round and are inspected on 

a monthly basis. In FY2018, we have reviewed and proposed new 

CCTV installations to further reinforce our monitoring efforts.

We have established laboratory SOPs and disaster recovery 

plans to ensure the security of our customers’ biological samples 

in the event of an emergency or disaster. All departments are 

required to create their respective disaster recovery plan for 

all identified disaster scenarios with varying levels of severity. 

Briefings of disaster recovery plans are conducted for all new 

staff with respect to their scope of work and responsibility. We 

also conduct disaster recovery simulation testings annually to 

evaluate the robustness of the disaster recovery plans and our 

effectiveness in managing the simulated disaster scenarios.

PRODUCT QUALITY AND RELIABILITY



Patient safety is of utmost importance to us as our customers 

may need to use their stored cord blood and/or cord lining for 

medical treatment in the future. Therefore, we are committed to 

putting quality measures in place to safeguard our customers’ 

cord blood and lining under our care until the unit is released for 

transplantation or infusion.

We adhere to internationally recognised best practices and 

stringent protocols. We also undergo voluntary accreditation by 

AABB and FACT, two of the leading international authoritative 

bodies that accredit organisations in the field of cellular therapy 

and transfusion medicine. These accreditations are testament 

to our unwavering commitment to quality. All of our policies and 

procedures, especially SOPs for critical operations of collection, 

processing, storage and release of cord blood, are in compliance 

with the standards set by these accreditation bodies. Our SOPs are 

reviewed and updated regularly to ensure continued compliance 

with the latest regulatory standards, accreditation standards and 

industry best practices. We have also implemented quarterly 

quality training in FY2018 to keep our employees updated on 

any changes in our processes, policies or controls, relating to 

regulatory or standard changes.

As external stakeholders play a key role in executing part of our 

critical operations, we have established SOPs to ensure the same 

level of quality is being upheld. For instance, we have created 

SOPs that define trainings required for healthcare professionals, 

as they are responsible for the collection of cord blood, lining 

and maternal blood samples. Regular training is provided for 

these healthcare professionals at the hospitals to reinforce their 

understanding and knowledge of their responsibilities during 

the collection of cord blood and lining samples. We continually 

monitor the competency level and performance of healthcare 

professionals to determine if re-training is necessary. We also 

conduct training annually for nursing staff and caregivers at all 

our collaborating hospitals.

We have developed a supplier management SOP that defines the 

procedure to qualify and review suppliers to ensure that we only 

work with qualified vendors. Stricter qualification requirements 

are applied to critical suppliers, as they supply materials that 

can directly affect the quality of our products or services or are 

used in our laboratory. Supplier reviews are performed annually 

to ensure our master list of approved suppliers is up-to-date and 

they continue to meet our standards.

As we believe all departments play a part in upholding product 

and service quality, they are required to establish their respective 

quality objectives for the financial year. Performance against 

quality objectives are tracked in monthly quality report and 

discussed at the monthly quality meeting. Quality-related issues 

or any deviations from SOPs are recorded in the CAPA system 

to ensure corrective and preventive actions are implemented 

accordingly.





FY2018 Performance 

 • Acquired AABB re-accreditation

 • Acquired FACT re-accreditation

 • Maintained annual contamination level 

at &lt;3%

FY2019 Target 

 • Maintain existing accreditation/s, 

certification/s and licence/s

 • Maintain annual contamination level at &lt;3%

STRONGER

TOGETHER

9


CARING FOR 

OUR CUSTOMERS

CUSTOMER PRIVACY

Our customers entrust us with sensitive personal information and 

we are committed to protecting their privacy. We have established 

a Privacy Policy in accordance with the Singapore Personal Data 

Protection Act (“PDPA”). The Policy outlines how we collect, 

store, use, transfer, and manage our customers’ personal data.1 

All our contracts and lead acquisition programmes contain 

confidentiality terms to assure customers and prospects that their 

personal information is safeguarded. To ensure that our employees 

and our business partners uphold the same standards, we have 

included confidentiality obligations in employment contracts for 

our employees and service agreements for suppliers and third-

party service providers.

In tandem with our policy and guidelines for customer privacy, 

we regularly monitor internal access to personal information and 

the effectiveness of our information technology (“IT”) system in 

protecting the personal data that we possess. We designate and 

restrict user access roles for our employees, which are reviewed 

annually, to mitigate the risk of excessive data access. We 

conduct IT general control (“ITGC”) audits annually to verify the 

integrity of the data and processes that our IT system supports. 

Our security software undergoes patch management monthly to 

address any vulnerabilities that could be exploited by hackers. 

The security of our servers is also reviewed regularly to ensure 

no breach of data.

In FY2018, our internal auditor carried out a cyber security audit 

to identify potential security vulnerabilities, and recommended 

mitigation controls to minimise the impact of any identified 

risks. Various audit and test checks were performed, including 

configuration review for our operating system, database, and 

network firewall, penetration tests for our web application and 

network as well as an email phishing exercise. The findings 

showed that our risk ratings were either low or medium, all 

of which have since been addressed with hardening policies. 

We also provide periodic phishing awareness training for our 

employees to enhance our security awareness.

Furthermore, we conduct regular trainings on data protection, 

security awareness and risk management to ensure our employees 

understand relevant guidelines and impart good practices for 

handling personal data. In FY2018, we conducted a training for 

staff on the protection and encryption of company-issued portable 

memory devices to further ensure data protection. We aim to roll 

out this training to all of our other operations in Asia in FY2019.

To capture feedback related to data confidentiality, we have a 

designated Data Protection Officer for our customers to reach 

out to. All complaints and incidents related to customer privacy 

breach will be logged into our CAPA system to ensure corrective 

and preventive actions are carried out to prevent similar incidents 

from recurring.

DEMOGRAPHIC SHIFT





















































































































































































FY2018 Performance 

 • Conducted monthly and quarterly 

monitoring of delivery rates and 

demographic data, respectively 

 • Completed risk management annual 

reporting, where risks and opportunities 

associated with demographic shifts are 

assessed and discussed

FY2019 Target 

 • Continue to monitor trends in demographic shifts in our 

operating countries through the Group’s risk assessment 

process, monthly delivery rates reports and quarterly 

demographic data reports

FY2018 Performance 

•  Zero formal claims by customers 

concerning breaches of customer 

privacy and loss of customer data

FY2019 Target 

•  Zero formal claims by customers 

concerning breaches of customer 

privacy and loss of customer data







Shift in demographic trends, such as stagnant or decreasing birth 

rates, not only affects demand for our products and services, but 

also indicate potential shift in our customers’ needs. As such, 

we monitor demographic trends of our operational locations 

proactively through our risk management process to anticipate 

how we can better serve our customers to meet their needs.

We assess and review our risk matrix for key risks annually. 

Demographic shift is one of the risks assessed and monitored. 

Our account managers collect and review birth rate data on 

a monthly basis, and our market intelligence team collates and 

monitors demographic data and intelligence on a quarterly basis. 

Trends and shifts in birth rate and demographic structure are 

reviewed and discussed to gain insights into potential shifts in the 

market, which serve as basis for us to adjust our strategies and 

tactics in approaching the market. Our corporate team leverages 

these trends to identify suitable healthcare products and services 

that can add value to our customers.

Our mission as a healthcare group is to provide reliable healthcare 

solutions through innovation, technological advancement and 

commitment to quality. We value the trust our customers have 

placed in us, and we care for our customers by protecting their 

personal data, continuously engaging them, and keeping them 

informed on stem cell utility development.

CORDLIFE GROUP LIMITED

sustainability REPORT 2018

10


CARING FOR OUR CUSTOMERS

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION

At Cordlife, customer satisfaction is regularly evaluated and 

monitored at several operational stages and customer touchpoints 

to ensure that we are meeting the needs of our customers. 

External stakeholders, including healthcare professionals are 

also surveyed regularly to assess their satisfaction with various 

aspects of our operations. We implement a suite of satisfaction 

surveys to gather feedback from our key stakeholder groups, 

including customers and business partners. These surveys seek 

to acquire a better understanding of the perception and service 

journey of our stakeholders so that we can improve.

The results of the customer satisfaction surveys are reviewed at 

the monthly customer-centric meeting. All departments in direct 

contact with customers and external stakeholders are required 

to set and follow their respective Customer Delight Index (“CDI”) 

metrics and targets, which include target rating for the customer 

satisfaction surveys. Each department’s performance against their 

CDI targets is monitored at the monthly customer-centric meeting. 

Additionally, customer feedback and complaints are reviewed at 

the meeting to identify potential areas for improvement. Going 

forward, we intend to leverage on the monthly customer-centric 

meeting to conduct regular customer-centricity training sessions 

for the customer management department in FY2019.

Other than establishing various customer feedback channels, 

we also conduct customer nurturing initiatives to engage and 

strengthen our relationship with customers. These initiatives 

include discounted paediatric vision screening for Cordlife 

customers, sending birthday cards and birthday vouchers, as well 

as furnishing educational materials and updates every quarter.

FY2018 Performance 

 • Achieved rating of 4.94 (out of 5) for all 

customer satisfaction surveys

FY2019 Target 

 • Achieve at least an average rating of 3 

(out of 5) for all customer satisfaction 

surveys 

 • Continue to monitor customer and healthcare practitioner 

satisfaction, and review effectiveness of our monitoring 

mechanisms





CLINICAL AWARENESS AND UTILITY OF STEM CELLS

Enhancing awareness and understanding of stem cell applications 

is one key way we engage with and care for our customers. 

We believe in keeping our prospective and existing customers 

informed so that they are aware of the potential treatments, 

which might be useful for them or their loved ones.

We provide regular updates on stem cell applications to our 

prospective and existing customers through the following 

channels:

• 

Weekly updates on cord blood banking related news and 

Cordlife services via digital platforms

• 

Quarterly updates on stem cell utility development and 

relevant industry news

• 

Events and seminars

In FY2018, we held 44 events and seminars with our hospital and 

event partners to raise public awareness about the benefits of 

stem cell banking and other related Cordlife services. We have 

also started to hold talks at our corporate partners’ offices to 

introduce relevant Cordlife services to their employees.

Furthermore, we engage with healthcare professionals through 

various methods to keep them abreast on the latest developments 

relevant to the products and services they are working with:

• 

Regular stem cell related topics for hospital staff

• 

Regular updates and detailing aids on latest white papers for 

doctors

• 

Annual or semi-annual medical education consisting of 

educational talks on topics related to stem cell utility or 

related Cordlife services for doctors

• 

Partnerships with hospital caregivers and medical institutions 

to conduct clinical trials to increase the applications of stem 

cells

We also hold similar educational talks within our company to 

keep our employees updated. In September 2018, we held a 

presentation on updates related to cord lining stem cells for our 

staff and in the following month, a breakfast talk on cord blood 

usage was conducted.

All of our external engagement activities are monitored for 

their effectiveness in key message delivery and reach to our 

targeted stakeholders. Digital outreach activities are evaluated 

by reports on prospect return rates. Our marketing and marketing 

intelligence departments tabulate prospect and lead surveys 

and analyse survey responses. We also obtain feedback from 

hospital caregivers regarding the educational initiatives we have 

provided. These results are discussed at our weekly taskforce 

meeting to help fine-tune our approach and tactics to further 

promote awareness of stem cell banking.

FY2018 Performance 

 • Conducted a total of 44 outreach 

initiatives to enhance clinical awareness 

and utility of stem cell application

FY2019 Target 

 • Continue to review reach and 

effectiveness of initiatives related to 

clinical awareness and utility of stem cell application and 

ensure follow-up plans are carried out





STRONGER

TOGETHER

11




CARING FOR 

OUR EMPLOYEES

Our employees are the foundation of our 

business. We uphold the highest standards 

in ensuring that they are adequately 

trained and have a safe environment to 

work in.

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND 

SAFETY

To ensure a safe working environment for 

our employees, especially our laboratory 

personnel, we have established policies 

and SOPs to manage occupational 

risks and safety. As stipulated in our 

Employee Handbook, we require all 

laboratory personnel to be vaccinated 

for Hepatitis B before they are allowed 

to work in the laboratory. Our Safety 

Manual encompasses the safety aspect 

of laboratory operations. We also have 

SOPs that stipulate the safety measures 

for specific work procedures, such as 

the handling of liquid nitrogen and any 

spillage, as well as the relevant first aid 

measures.

Our Safety Committee oversees and 

regularly reviews risk assessments and 

safety-related issues, and updates the 

Safety Manual as necessary. Our risk 

assessment team and safety team are 

responsible for the implementation of 

risk assessments and safety exercises. 

In FY2018, the risk assessment team 

conducted 

a 

revision 

of 

the 

risk 

assessments under the guidance of a 

safety consultant to ensure all aspects of 

safety were considered for work activities 

carried out in the office and laboratory. 

The composition of our Safety Committee 

was also re-evaluated to include fire 

warden and first aiders as new members.

When they occur, safety incidents are 

reported in the monthly quality meeting for 

review and logged into our CAPA system 

to ensure that corrective and preventive 

actions are implemented. Additionally, 

any cases of needle prick incidents are 

to be reported to Ministry of Manpower 

accordingly, and follow-up checks as well 

as medical reviews are to be performed.

1 All employees covered by this report are located in Singapore.

2 AFR = Total Number of workplace accidents reported / Total number of man hours worked x 1,000,000

3 ASR = Total number of man days lost to workplace accidents / Total number of man hours worked x 1,000,000

4 Occupational disease incidence rate = total number of occupational disease incidents / total number of employees

5 Absentee rate = total number of absentee days/total number of employees

Other than putting relevant governance 

mechanisms and policies in place, we also 

conduct trainings to prevent accidents 

from 

occurring. 

Risk 

assessment 

plans and safety instructions from our 

building management are introduced 

to 

all 

employees 

during 

induction 

training. All trainings completed are 

recorded, reviewed and endorsed by 

the respective heads of departments. 

Laboratory personnel are trained on 

the safety aspects of their work during 

on-the-job training, which are recorded 

and reviewed. In FY2018, we have also 

conducted relevant safety courses for our 

safety team, including first aid courses 

to equip them to deal with emergency 

situations, and risk assessment training to 

help them identify hazards, evaluate risks 

and implement appropriate risk control 

measures in our day-to-day operations. 

Relevant safety courses will be conducted 

for new members of the Safety Committee 

in the coming year.

FY2018 Performance1

Male

Female

Total

Total number of workplace fatalities

0

0

0

Accident frequency rate (“AFR”)2

0

0

0

Accident severity rate (“ASR”)3

0

0

0

Occupational disease incidence rate4

0

0

0

Absentee rate5

5.58

8.45

7.74

In FY2019, we aim to maintain the record of zero health and safety incidents at our workplace.

CORDLIFE GROUP LIMITED

sustainability REPORT 2018

12




CARING FOR 

THE ENVIRONMENT

1 Diesel consumption is computed based on the amount of diesel consumed by our emergency generator during its 10-minute annual maintenance exercise. During the 

annual maintenance, the generator runs at 100% Prime Running Power (PRP) setting, which consumes 0.377 litre of diesel per minute.

2 Conversion factor to kWh is derived from 2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories.

3 As actual electricity consumption data for December 2018 is not available for one of our operational sites at the time this report is published, estimated electricity 

consumption is used for reporting. The site’s electricity consumption in December 2018 is estimated based on average consumption of all preceding months in 2018. Actual 

electricity consumption data is used for reporting for all other operational sites in the report scope.

4 GHG emissions for diesel consumption are computed based on emission factor derived from 2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories and GHG 

emissions for electricity consumption are computed based on electricity grid emission factor published in Singapore Energy Statistics 2018.

FY2018 Performance

Energy Consumption

FY2018

Diesel (kWh)1, 2

57

Electricity (kWh)3

548,140

Total Energy Consumption (kWh)

548,197

GHG Emissions4

FY2018

Scope 1 emissions (tCO2e)

0.02

Scope 2 emissions (tCO2e)

229.78

Total GHG emissions (tCO2e)

229.80

To continue our efforts in reducing energy consumption, we aim to replace all fluorescent lights to energy-saving LED lights for our 

offices and facilities in Singapore, and implement energy-saving awareness initiatives to inform and engage our employees in FY2019.



We are mindful of the environmental 

impact of our business and we are 

committed to doing our part by reducing 

our GHG emissions.

EMISSIONS

Energy supply is key to our business 

continuity. We work to ensure that our 

operations are energy efficient and 

resilient to outages. As such, our Code 

of Conduct requires all employees to 

participate in environmental conservation, 

and that all facilities as well as equipment 

are used in the most energy efficient 

manner.

We 

conduct 

regular 

and 

timely 

maintenance for all our equipment, 

laboratories and electrical facilities to 

ensure that they are in optimal working 

conditions and continue to be energy 

efficient. We also monitor our facilities’ 

electricity consumption on a monthly 

basis. Any abnormal spikes or increase 

in usage trends are analysed and 

investigated to address inefficient use of 

energy.

STRONGER

TOGETHER

13




CORDLIFE GROUP LIMITED

Company Registration Number: 200102883E

1 Yishun Industrial Street 1, 

A’Posh Bizhub, #06-01/09, 

Singapore 768160

Tel: (65) 6238 0808 

Fax: (65) 6238 1108





