
CPH Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

1 

 

CPH LTD 

 

Sustainability Report 2019 

 

 

 

 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 

1 

BOARD STATEMENT 

2 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

3 

APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

4 

ECONOMIC 

5 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

6 

SOCIAL 

7 

GOVERNANCE 

8 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 


CPH Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

2 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

The board of directors of CPH Ltd. (“CPH” or the “Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the 

“Group”) (the “Board”) is pleased to present the second Sustainability Report of the Group for our 

financial year ended 31 March 2019 (“FY2019”). This report is prepared by taking reference from the 

requirements of the Sustainability Reporting Guide in Practice Note 7F of the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist and references the 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards, which represent the global best practices for reporting 

on a range of economic, environmental and social impacts. This report highlights the key economic, 

environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) related initiatives carried throughout a 12-month 

period, from 1 April 2018 to 31 March 2019. 

 

Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its stakeholders. 

As such, the key material EESG factors for the Group have been identified and cautiously reviewed 

by the management and approved by the Board. The data and information provided have not been 

verified by an independent third party. We have relied on internal data monitoring and verification to 

ensure accuracy of data and information. The Board has overseen the management and monitoring 

of these factors and takes them into consideration in the determination of the Group’s strategic 

direction and policies.  

 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables 

us to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and 

suggestions to cwchong@circuitsplus.com.sg. 

 

29 August 2019 

 

 

 


CPH Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

3 

 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

CPH Ltd. is incorporated in Singapore with its registered address at 8 First Lok Yang Road, 

Singapore 629731. The Company is currently listed on the Catalist board of the SGX-ST. The main 

activity of its two principal subsidiaries is in the manufacturing and sale of printed circuits boards 

(“PCB”) and advance interconnect substrates. In addition, the Group holds an indirect interest of 25% 

in Joy Garden Restaurant Pte Ltd, which is in the food and beverage business and receives rental 

income from subletting part of its premises. 

 

With more than 30 years of experience in the PCB business, the Group has developed good working 

relationships with customers in a wide spectrum of industries including the telecommunications, 

automotive, industrial equipment and instruments, consumer electronics, personal computers (“PC”) 

and PC peripherals and healthcare industries. Presently, the customers are spread across various 

regions including Europe, Japan and Southeast Asia. The Group also works closely with its material 

and equipment suppliers to provide total PCB solutions for its customers.  

 

The Group has a pool of highly experienced and well qualified management staff, supported by 

trained technical personnel, to meet the challenges of the global market to provide good service and 

high quality PCBs to its customers. The principal subsidiaries were awarded ISO 9001 &amp; ISO 14001 

certifications for their commitment to quality products and services, as well as to environmental 

preservation.  

 

The chart below illustrates the organization structure of the CPH Group: 

 

 

 

 

Note:  * The subsidiary is currently undergoing member’s voluntary liquidation. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



CPH LTD.

SINGAPORE

SINGAPORE

SINGAPORE

SINGAPORE



CIRCUITS PLUS PTE LTD

SINGAPORE

SINGAPORE

SINGAPORE

SINGAPORE



CIRCUITS PLUS (M) SDN 

BHD

MALAYSIA

MALAYSIA

MALAYSIA

MALAYSIA



CIRCUITS PLUS 

(ASIATIC) PTE LTD *

SINGAPORE

SINGAPORE

SINGAPORE

SINGAPORE



CP LIFESTYLE PTE. 

LTD.

SINGAPORE

SINGAPORE

SINGAPORE

SINGAPORE



JOY GARDEN 

RESTAURANT PTE LTD

SINGAPORE

SINGAPORE

SINGAPORE

SINGAPORE

100% 

100% 

100% 

100% 

25% 


CPH Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

4 

 



Plan and 

Scope



Engage 

Stakeholders



Assess 

Materiality



Collect Data



Report

APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE 

 

 

 

 





Board of 



Directors and MD







•The Board of Directors and the Managing Director ("MD") formulate the

corporate sustainability strategies and guidelines and monitor overall

performance.





Sustainability 



Steering 



Committee









•The Sustainability Steering Committee comprise the Executive Director and

the Financial Controller, and with the assistance of the managers from the

various departments, organise and co-ordinate the sustainability initiatives.





Employees









•CPH employees support the Group’s sustainability programmes and

policies

and

assist

with

the

implementation

and

execution

of

the

sustainability

initiatives

and

the

collection

of

data

for

monitoring

performance.


CPH Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

5 

 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT  

 

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and material 

aspects relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken 

into account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, but are not 

limited to, customers, suppliers, shareholders, employees, and regulators. We adopt both formal and 

informal channels of communication to understand the needs of key stakeholders, and incorporate 

these into our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships. 

 

Key 

Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Key Concerns Raised 

Customers 

Meetings, events, phone 

calls, teleconferences and 

email communications 

Regular basis 

Quality control and on-time 

delivery, 

technical 

support,  

competitive pricing, suitable 

payment terms 

 

Suppliers 

Meetings, 

phone 

calls, 

teleconferences and email 

communications  

Regular basis 

Quality of products, smooth 

and timely delivery, 

competitive prices 

 

Shareholders 

Announcements on 

SGXNet, annual general 

meetings, annual reports, 

the Company’s website 

(www.circuitsplus.com.sg) 

 

Half yearly for financial 

results announcements, 

general meetings are 

held 

annually, 

other 

communications on ad-

hoc 

basis 

throughout 

the year 

 

Profitability and returns, good 

corporate governance, timely 

and accurate information 

Employees 

Induction programme for 

new employees, team 

discussions, training 

sessions, meetings, 

feedback channels, emails, 

performance reviews 

Regular basis 

Career 

growth, 

training 

opportunities, 

benefits 

and 

incentives, pleasant and safe 

working 

environment, 

alignment of personal goals 

with Company’s goals 

 

Regulators 

Seminars and consultation 

sessions with key 

regulatory bodies, meetings  

On-going 

basis 

for 

reviews and updates, 

and whenever there are 

changes in regulations 

 

Compliance with laws and 

regulations, safe environment, 

health and other social issues 

Community  

Phone calls and other 

communications with non-

profit organisations  

On-going basis 

Corporate citizenship 

 

 

 

 


CPH Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

6 

 



IDENTIFICATION



PRIORITISATION



VALIDATION



REVIEW

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT  

 

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant aspects. Relevant aspects are then 

prioritised to identify material factors which are subject to validation. The end result of this process is 

a list of material factors disclosed in the Sustainability Report. Process of which are as shown below: 

 

 

 

 

 

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment in the previous year with the engagement of an 

external consultant, spearheaded by the Sustainability Steering Committee. We engaged our 

employees from different departments, seeking our internal stakeholders’ feedback for prioritisation of 

these topics. This year, the Sustainability Steering Committee has considered additional insights 

gained from their day-to-day engagement with both internal and external stakeholders and has 

reviewed the materiality analysis. 

 

In order to determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment and society and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying the guidance from GRI, we 

have determined that the following factors continue to be our material EESG factors:  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



GOVERNANCE 

 

Corporate governance 

Enterprise risk management 

Business ethics 



SOCIAL 

 

Diversity and equal opportunity 

Occupational health and safety 

 



ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

Energy conservation 

Waste management 



ECONOMIC 

 

Economic performance 

Anti-corruption 


CPH Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

7 

 

ECONOMIC 

 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

The Group’s PCB operations have faced considerable challenges over the past years from economic 

uncertainties, changing technologies and market competition, and this has affected the profitability of 

the Group. As we continue to take steps to scrutinize all aspects of our operations with a view to 

improving our operating efficiency and reducing overheads, we also continue to explore rigorously all 

opportunities to diversify from our PCB business. 

 

Unfortunately, our latest attempt at business diversification into FinTech (please refer to 

announcement dated 22 November 2018) has not been successful and the “reverse takeover” deal 

with oCap Management Pte Ltd was terminated with mutual consent on 30 May 2019 (the 

“Termination”) (please refer to our announcement of the same date). The Termination had no 

significant adverse impact on the Group’s financial results as all related costs were borne by oCap 

Management Pte Ltd. Despite the Termination, the Board has decided to go ahead with its plans to 

cease the PCB operations and is currently in discussions with various potential buyers for the sale of 

the plant and machinery used in the PCB operations. 

 

For detailed financial results of the Group, please refer to the following sections in our Annual Report 

2019: 

• Financial Review, pages 3 and 4 

• Financial Statements, pages 44 to 49 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

 

The Group expects the management teams in both Singapore and Malaysia to be aware of the legal 

and regulatory requirements applicable to our businesses so as to manage our operations in 

accordance with the applicable laws and regulations in each country. In particular, the Group requires 

all staff to carry out business transactions with integrity and avoid corruption or bribery in any form.  

 

In the context of Singapore, we are subject to the Prevention of Corruption Act, which covers 

employees, public servants and others who corruptly receive or give bribes as an inducement or 

reward for performing or not performing a transaction. The law also has extra-territorial effect, so 

Singaporeans who offer bribes or receives bribes overseas will be liable for punishment. 

 

Our finance teams oversee the implementation of appropriate controls and procedures to monitor and 

detect possible corruption or bribery cases, for instance, the prevention of inappropriate forms of 

payment. This includes, for example, duplicate or overpayments, and payment requests to third 

parties not associated with underlying transactions. We will take disciplinary action against any 

employee confirmed of bribery or corruption or may also refer the case to the relevant law 

enforcement authorities. 

 

We have implemented a whistle blowing policy to provide a mechanism for employees to raise 

concerns through accessible confidential disclosure channels about possible improprieties in the 

areas of:  

1.  Fraudulent financial reporting  

2.  Misappropriation of assets  

3.  Improper or unauthorized expenditures including bribes  

4.  Violations of laws and regulations, for instance, securities frauds  

5.  Substantial and specific danger to public health or safety  

 

The whistle blowing disclosure channels are also available to our customers, suppliers and other third 

party business associates. Whistle-blowers may address their concerns via the email address 

auditcom@circuitsplus.com.sg and the Audit Committee will withhold the identity of the complainant 


CPH Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

8 

 

and carry out confidential investigations, as appropriate. 

 

We have not received any report of corruption and there is zero confirmed cases of corruption in 

FY2019 (FY2018: Nil), as targeted in the previous sustainability report. There were also no whistle 

blowing reports received in FY2019 (FY2018: Nil).  

 

Our target for the next financial year ended 31 March 2020 (“FY2020”) is to maintain the current 

status of zero confirmed cases of corruption.   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


CPH Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

9 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL  

 

 

We strive to carry out our business operations in a socially responsible manner and are committed to 

do our part to contribute to the global goals of climate change mitigation and resource conservation. 

Our environmental efforts’ focus is on ensuring our manufacturing processes meet or exceed 

regulatory requirements, as well as on finding ways to reduce energy consumption and waste. 

 

ISO 9001/ ISO 14001 Certification 

 

The Group’s PCB business continuously maintains both the ISO 9001 and the ISO 14001 

certifications. The certification process allows the Group to effectively identify, manage and monitor 

both product quality issues as well as environmental issues arising from its manufacturing processes.  

 

The Group is conscientious in upholding its good record of compliance and maintaining its ISO 

certifications. 

 

ENERGY CONSERVATION 

 

We believe in investing our time and effort towards energy efficiency, as we will not only help protect 

the environment but also lower our financial costs. The Group’s total electricity consumption was 

mainly for the Malaysian factory’s manufacturing processes. In addition, there is also electricity 

consumption from the Group’s leasehold property in Singapore where our subsidiaries are located, as 

electricity is required to operate office equipment and machines, lighting and air-conditioning systems 

for both our offices as well as for our tenants’ offices. We have not included data for the Malaysian 

factory as the Board has decided to cease the PCB operations during FY2020. The usage of 

electricity for FY2019 was 159,363 kilowatt hours (kWh), excluding the usage of electricity from the 

Malaysian factory. Excluding the PCB operations, our target is to maintain usage for each year at the 

same level.  

 

To achieve our target of optimising energy usage, we have adopted the following energy conservation 

initiatives across the subsidiaries since the financial year ended 31 March 2018 (“FY2018”): 

 

• Regular maintenance of office equipment such as refrigerators and air-conditioners, including 

cleaning filters to maintain cleaner environment and efficient operations 

• Switching off lights, computers and air conditioning systems at the end of the work day 

• Use energy saving equipment and lighting 

• Set temperature of air conditioners to 25˚C  

• Raising awareness among employees and educate them about energy conservation and emission 

reductions 

 

While we have not included the Malaysian factory in our energy conservation target, we nevertheless 

will continue to ensure that, as long as there is production operation, the staff will uphold energy 

conservation efforts by minimizing machine idle time through better work scheduling, adhering strictly 

to maintenance schedules of all our machines to check that all parts are in good condition, moving 

parts are well-lubricated, worn off attachments, for instance, drill heads are replaced, etc.  

 

We use fuels and diesel for operating our forklifts and trucks. Regular maintenance and scheduled 

overhauls for our forklifts and transport vehicles are part of our asset management policy to improve 

fuel consumption and reduce emission of pollutants.  

 

We are also supportive of industry-wide initiatives undertaken by our suppliers to mitigate 

environmental impacts. As much as possible, we purchase our raw materials from companies whose 

environmental management systems are ISO 14001 certified. 

 

 


CPH Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

10 

 

WASTE MANAGEMENT 

 

Waste materials from our manufacturing processes include PCBs rejected following quality assurance 

tests, PCB wastages due to panelisation, solid wastes including containers for chemicals and 

chemical waste in the discharged water from the factory. PCB scraps are sold to scrap dealers for 

recycling. Solid wastes that are toxic are separated for proper handling and disposal through licensed 

waste disposal contractors. The Malaysian factory has its own water treatment plant, so all waste 

water from the manufacturing processes are piped to the treatment tank and treated according to 

local water emission standards before the effluent is discharge into the public sewer system. Our 

water treatment system is constantly monitored to ensure the water emission standards comply with 

all regulatory requirements. 

 

As for other wastes, we strive to be environmentally responsible with our commitment towards 

preserving the environment through efficient waste management such as reuse and recycle.  

 

Key initiatives that have been in place since FY2018 include the following:  

 

a. We remind our staff across the Group to reduce the consumption of paper through 

enhancements made to our daily operating routines. Such enhancements include the 

scanning of documents which are then stored digitally in computers and servers to avoid 

overprinting. We also recycle used paper, using them for drafts and internal documentation.    

b. We refurbish and reuse equipment and tools to prolong its useful life where ever possible. 

c. Used materials generated from our manufacturing operations including drill bits and copper 

foils are collected for outsource recycling.  

d. We are actively involved in the recycling of used packaging materials including cartons, 

plastic, strings, wraps, wooden pallets and paper. 

 

In disposing our waste, and especially toxic waste, we are committed to ensuring compliance with all 

applicable environmental laws. There were no incidents of non-compliance with the applicable 

environmental rules and regulations in FY2019 as targeted in the previous year (FY2018: Nil) and we 

target to maintain the same performance in FY2020.  


CPH Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

11 

 

SOCIAL 

 

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

 

We are an equal opportunity employer and embrace the principles of equality and non-discrimination 

when hiring employees. Recruitment, remuneration, promotion and benefits are handled based on 

objective assessment, equal opportunity and non-discrimination basis, regardless of gender, race, 

religion, age or marital status.   

 

We encourage diversity in our work force, as we believe that by bringing in people with different 

experiences, backgrounds and skills, we can encourage innovation and we are better able to meet 

various challenges. The chart below shows the breakdown of our staff force by nationality: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

As for gender diversity, we actively address any unconscious bias for gender preference and promote 

gender balance. We aim to develop an inclusive culture that respects the contribution of all 

employees regardless of gender, race or age. The proportion of males as a percentage of the total 

workforce as at end of FY2019 is 66% (FY2018: 58%) as more men than women are working on the 

production floor. There are also more men than women holding management positions in our 

organization; however there are more women holding administrative and accounts positions in the 

offices, as indicated in the bar chart below. 







SINGAPOREAN

10%

MALAYSIAN

58%

NEPALESE

32%

2019 - BY NATIONALITY







SINGAPOREAN

11%

MALAYSIAN

64%

NEPALESE

24%

BURMESE

1%

2018 - BY NATIONALITY


CPH Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

12 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



MALE

66%

FEMALE

34%



MALE

58%

FEMALE

42%











MANAGEMENT

PRODUCTION

STAFF

7%

56%

3%

3%

23%

8%

2019 - STAFF DISTRIBUTION



MALE



FEMALE











MANAGEMENT

PRODUCTION

STAFF

8%

46%

3%

4%

30%

9%

2018 - STAFF DISTRIBUTION



MALE



FEMALE


CPH Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

13 

 

 

As to age diversity, we value our matured workers for their experience, knowledge and skills, but 

recognize the need to train younger workers to drive the Group’s operations in the future. We have an 

increase in the number and percentage of employees in FY2019 compared to FY2018 who are below 

25 years.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We provide employees with equal opportunities for training and development based on their strengths 

and needs, to help them achieve their full potential. Suitable training is extended to employees to 

enable them to perform at optimal levels and include on-the-job training and mentoring, job rotation, 

technical updates and courses, seminars and webinars conducted by external trainers.  

 

Employees are appraised through inputs from the supervisors and managers, as well as periodic 

formal appraisals. Promotion is based on merit, competency and suitability. As we value our 

employees, we will double our efforts to consider promoting existing employees before hiring for new 

or vacant positions.  

 

The Company and its subsidiaries will continue to abide by the local labour laws in Singapore and 

Malaysia to promote fair employment practices. In FY2019, the Group has adhered to all relevant 

labour laws and there were no records of complaints from staff or of non-compliance from the 

authorities as targeted in the previous sustainability report (FY2018: Nil). We target to maintain the 

current status of adherence to all relevant labour laws and zero records of complaints from staff or of 

non-compliance from the authorities, in FY2020. 





Below 25 

years -

23%

26 to 35

years - 34%

36 to 45

years - 19%

46 to 55

years - 15%

Above 56 

years -11%

2019 - BY AGE





Below 25 

years -

11%

26 to 35 

years -

42%

36 to 45

years - 22%

46 to 55 

years -

15%

Above 56 

years -10%

2018 - BY AGE


CPH Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

14 

 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

 

Our employees are an integral part of our organization and we are committed to providing them a safe 

and pleasant environment to work in. The factory floor will have safety risks, but we aim to create and 

sustain a safety focused, zero-accident culture.  

 

At our production sites, the workers are required to operate various machines and equipment. We 

must therefore maintain a safety-conscious culture amongst our workers to avoid any industrial 

accidents. We have a set of safety rules and regulations in place and all new employees are briefed 

on safety procedures during orientation. Every employee is responsible for their own safety and the 

safety of their co-workers.  

 

The house rules include: 

- proper housekeeping to maintain tidy work areas to avoid falls from unexpected obstacles. Workers 

are to replace tools back to their original store area and to keep the aisles clear of products or debris 

- cleaning up all chemical spills immediately to prevent burns and other accidents 

- cleaning and sweeping the production floor regularly and at the end of the day 

- no eating or drinking or smoking is allowed on the production floor 

- wear the right protection equipment when handling chemicals which include gloves and face masks  

- be always alert when operating machines and not engage in any unsafe or negligent act that may 

endanger yourself or others working in the vicinity 

- always practice good personal hygiene, for instance, wash hands upon leaving the factory floor 

- report to the supervisor any possible health or safety hazards that have come to your attention 

 

Each location will have ready first-aid kits maintained on the premises to provide immediate first aid 

treatments to workers or others who sustain injuries at the location.  

 

We encourage our employees to live healthy lives with proper diets and regular exercise. The 

Company provides free medical consultations and medication, so workers who are unwell may visit 

the Company approved clinics situated near each of our offices, or any government run clinics. We 

believe in reducing workplace stress and encourage workers to relax during breaks and to aim for 

work-life balance.  

 

The Group recorded zero workplace accidents during FY2019 as targeted in the previous 

sustainability report  (FY2018: Nil) and we target to maintain the same performance in FY2020.  

 

 


CPH Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

15 

 

GOVERNANCE 

 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 

CPH is committed to maintaining good corporate governance to enhance and protect the interests of 

the Company’s shareholders. Our corporate governance practices are set out in the Group’s annual 

report in the section entitled “Corporate Governance Report” (pages 9 to 29), with specific references 

to the principles and guidelines of the Code of Corporate Governance 2012 (the “Code”). Where the 

Group’s practices differ from the principles and guidelines under the Code, any deviation from the 

recommended guidelines under the Code will be duly explained and set out under the Corporate 

Governance Report. 

 

The Board of Directors decides on strategic plans, key business initiatives and major investment and 

funding matters. The Board also reviews the financial performance of the Group, the adequacy of 

effectiveness of internal controls and risk management systems and ensures compliance with all laws 

and regulations relevant to its operations. Specific functions are delegated to Board Committees. The 

Nominating Committee ensures the balance and diversity of the Board, assesses the performance of 

the Board and of each Board Committee, as well as the contribution each director made towards the 

Board’s effectiveness. The Nominating Committee also conducts rigorous evaluations of the 

independence of the independent directors. The Audit Committee works with the external auditors to 

evaluate the risk management and internal control systems, review financial statements including any 

significant reporting issues and judgements so as to ensure the integrity of the statements, and review 

any suspected fraud or irregularity or possible infringement of any relevant laws or regulations. The 

Audit Committee also ensures that the internal audit function is independent, effective and adequately 

resourced. The Remuneration Committee ensures that the Directors and key management personnel 

are adequately but not excessively remunerated as compared to industry benchmarks.  

 

The Board’s policy is to treat all shareholders fairly and equitably and is committed to the practice of 

fair, transparent and timely disclosures. The Company values dialogue sessions with its shareholders 

and believes in regular, effective and fair communications with shareholders, hearing their views and 

addressing their concerns. Material information, including the Group’s financial performance, is 

disclosed in a timely manner via SGXNET or press releases.  

 

The Group has in place an internal compliance code to provide guidance to its directors and officers 

with regard to dealings in the Company’s securities. Directors and officers are required to adhere to 

the provision of the Companies Act and any other relevant regulations, as well as to observe insider-

trading laws and regulations when dealing in the Company’s securities.  

 

In FY2019, there were no incidents of non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations (FY2018: 

Nil). We target to remain incident-free in FY2020.  

 

 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT  

 

The management regularly reviews the Company’s business operations and activities to identify 

possible areas of significant business risks and works out appropriate measures to control and 

mitigate these risks. The Board of Directors set objectives and underlying principles of risk 

management for the Group, and the management then establishes the detailed policies such as risk 

identification and measurement, exposure limits, hedging strategies and other control measures, in 

accordance with the objectives and underlying principles approved by the Board. 

 

 

On a half-yearly basis, the Audit Committee, together with the Board, reviews the adequacy and 

effectiveness of the Group’s system of internal controls to ensure that they are adequate and effective 

in addressing the material risks in the Group in its current business environment including material 

financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls. 


CPH Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

16 

 

BUSINESS ETHICS 

 

We are committed to operating our businesses with integrity, accountability and high ethical 

standards. We maintain zero-tolerance for bribery, fraud and corruption. 

 

We do not tolerate bribery and corrupt practices or any other behaviour that may bring disrepute to 

the Group. We expect honesty, integrity and respect to be exhibited in our dealings and interactions 

within and outside the Group. All business dealings should be transparently performed and accurately 

reflected in the Group’s books and records. 

 

The Group also takes measures to safeguard access to personal data that are stored on its premises 

or servers. This applies to data obtained during recruitment of staff, personal data of existing staff, 

including their medical records and other confidential information relating to customers, suppliers and 

shareholders. Access to personal data is restricted to authorised persons on a strict need-to-know 

basis. The Group has appointed a Data Protection Officer and has ensured he had received the 

relevant training by attending talks and seminars. He is also registered with the Personal Data 

Protection Commission so that he could keep abreast of related developments and help the 

organization comply with the Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA). In FY2019, there were no 

incidents of non-compliance with the PDPA (FY2018: Nil) and we target to maintain this record for 

FY2020. 

 

We will also try to protect all confidential data against cyber security risks in order to protect the 

confidential information of all stakeholders through constant monitoring of our information technology 

systems. The Group subscribes for an internet leased line through a reputable internet service 

provider who also manages the firewall to ensure first line protection against malware and infections. 

The service provider works closely with our own IT staff to ensure that regular updates are done and 

any potential cyber-attacks are discovered early and are disarmed before doing any harm to our 

systems. We also regularly remind all computer users to stay vigilant to avoid falling prey to phishing 

or other threats.  

 

In FY2019, there were no reports of any leaks from our information systems and we did not suffer any 

loss of data through any attempted attacks on our systems (FY2018: Nil). We target to maintain this 

performance in FY2020. 


CPH Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

17 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

CPH Ltd. 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

102-6 

Markets served 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

Social, page 11 to 13 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Social, page 11 to 13 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Suppliers of raw materials, machine 

parts, sundry tools and packing 

materials are mainly sourced locally 

based on requirements, price points 

and quality. 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

Not applicable 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

CPH does not specifically address the 

precautionary approach. 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Not applicable 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Member of the Singapore Business 

Federation 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

Board Statement, page 2 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour 

Governance, page 15 to 16 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Annual report, page 9 to 29 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholders Engagement, page 5 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Stakeholders Engagement, page 5 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholders Engagement, page 5 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholders Engagement, page 5 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Board Statement, page 2 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Materiality Assessment, page 6 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

Not applicable 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None 

102-50 

Reporting period 

1 April 2018 to 31 March 2019 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

1 April 2017 to 31 March 2018 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the report 

cwchong@circuitsplus.com.sg 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

Board Statement, page 2 

102-55 

GRI content index 

GRI Standards Content Index, page 17 

to 18 

102-56 

External Assurance 

We may seek external assurance in the 

future. 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: 

Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Economic performance, page 7 

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

Anti-corruption, page 7 to 8 

GRI 302: Energy 

302-4 

Reduction of energy consumption 

Energy conservation, page 8 to 9 


CPH Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

18 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 306: 

Effluents and 

Waste 

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal method 

Waste management, page 10  

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and Safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and 

number of work-related fatalities 

Occupational health and safety, page 

14 

GRI 405: 

Diversity and 

equal 

opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

Diversity and equal opportunity, page 

11 to 13 

 

 

