




CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES 

FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH




GLOSSARY / FIRST MENTIONS 

“€” or “Euro”

Euro

 “FY 2019” or the 

“Financial Year”

1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019

“1Q”, “2Q”, “3Q”, “4Q” 

Unless otherwise stated, “1Q” refers to the period from 1 January to 31 March, “2Q” 

refers to the period from 1 April to 30 June, “3Q” refers to the period from 1 July to 

30 September and “4Q” refers to the period from 1 October to 31 December

“A$” Australian Dollars

“A$” Australian dollars

“AGM”

Annual general meeting

“Annual Report” or 

“CEREIT’s Annual Report”

Cromwell European REIT’s annual report for financial year ended 31 December 2019

“APREA”

Asia Pacific Real Estate Association

“ASX”

Australian Securities Exchange

“AUM”

Assets under management

“BCP”

Business continuity plan

“Board of Directors” or the 

“Board”

Board of Directors of the Manager

“BREEAM”

Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment Method, the world’s 

leading sustainability assessment method for master planning projects, infrastructure 

and buildings. It recognises and reflects the value in higher performing assets across 

the built environment lifecycle, from new construction to in-use and refurbishment. 

BREEAM is used as an asset-level sustainability certification

“C&amp;W”

Cushman &amp; Wakefield

“Capex”

Capital expenditure

“CEO”

Chief Executive Officer

“Code” 

Code of Corporate Governance 2018

“Colliers”

Colliers International Valuation UK LLP

“Cromwell European 

  REIT” or “CEREIT”

Cromwell European REIT

“Cromwell”, the “Sponsor”  

  or the “Group” 

Cromwell Property Group 

“DPU”

Distributions per Unit

“EDD”

Environmental due diligence

“EGM”

Extraordinary general meeting

“EM”

Environmental management 

“EMS”

Environmental management system

“EPC”

Energy Performance Certificate 

“EPRA”

European Public Real Estate Association

“ERM”

Enterprise risk management 

“ESG”

Environment, Social and Governance 

“EY”

Ernst &amp; Young

2

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH






































































































































































































































“FY 2019” or the 

“Financial Year”

1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019

“GRESB”

GRESB is an investor-driven organisation assessing the sustainability performance 

of real asset sector portfolios and assets

“GRI”

The Global Reporting Initiative (known as GRI) is an international organisation that helps 

businesses, governments and other organisations understand and communicate 

their impact on issues such as climate change, human rights and corruption

“IPO Forecast”

The Prospectus for the IPO disclosed a projection for the year ended 31 December 2019

“IPO”

Initial public offering

“KPI (s)”

Key Performance Indicators

“L&amp;D”

Learning &amp; Development 

“LEED”

LEED refers to Leadership in Engineering and Design, a certification programme 

focused primarily on new, commercial building projects and based upon a points 

system. LEED-certified buildings, when well maintained, produce less waste 

products and are more energy-efficient than they would be otherwise.

“Listing Rules”

Listing rules of the SGX-ST

“Management” or the 

“management team”

The management team of the Manager

 “Manager” or “Manager  

   of CEREIT”

Cromwell EREIT Management Pte. Ltd.

“MAS”

Monetary Authority of Singapore 

“NAV”

Net asset value

“NOI”

Net operating income

“NPS”

Net Promoter Score® measures customer experience and predicts business growth

“P&amp;C”

People &amp; Culture

“Property Manager”

Cromwell Europe Limited

“REIT”

Real estate investment trust

“REITAS”

REIT Association of Singapore 

“S$” or “Singapore 

  Dollars”

Singapore dollars

“SDGs”

Sustainable Development Goals

“SGX-ST”

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited

“Sustainability Report”

CEREIT’s second sustainability report for FY 2019

“sqm”

Square metres

“Unitholders”

Unitholders of CEREIT

“UN SDG(s)”

United Nations Sustainable Development Goals

“WALE”

Weighted average lease expiry, defined as weighted average lease expiry by headline 

rent based on the final termination date of the agreement (assuming the tenant-

customer does not terminate the lease on any of the permissible break date(s), if 

applicable)

“y-o-y”

year-on-year

3

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019








































































































































































































































CONTENTS





01 

2019 SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS 

5

02 

BOARD STATEMENT 

8

03 

CEO’S MESSAGE 

9

04 

 

ABOUT CEREIT (AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2019) 

12

05 

ABOUT THE REPORT 

16

06 

APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

20

07 

SUSTAINABLE LEADERSHIP AMID COVID-19  

GLOBAL OUTBREAK 

26

08 

INDUSTRY BENCHMARK - GRESB DISCLOSURE 

29

09 

 

ECONOMIC PILLAR 

32

10 

 

GOVERNANCE PILLAR 

37

11 

 

STAKEHOLDERS PILLAR 

42

12 

PEOPLE PILLAR 

48

13 

ENVIRONMENT PILLAR 

52

14 

 

APPENDICES 

58

4

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH












01. SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS 

 

 ONE MINUTE READ

2019 GRESB Assessment Results

ACHIEVED  

43% IMPROVEMENT 

FROM 2018 

GRESB assessment

EXCEEDED FY 2019 IPO FORECAST 

DISTRIBUTABLE INCOME  

OF €96.9 MILLION  

38% above the IPO Forecast 

Incorporated environmental 

due diligence  

into pre-investment assessment

ACHIEVED 

93.2% OCCUPANCY 

as at the end of FY 2019 

Up 2.4 p.p. as compared to the end 

of FY 2018 (90.8%) and  

0.6 p.p. above the IPO Forecast for 

FY 2019 (92.6%)

OUTPERFORMED PEERS 

in five of seven GRESB aspects 

management, policy and disclosure, 

monitoring and EMS, performance 

indicators and building certifications

A-RATING 

for public disclosure assessment 

Peer average: C for all participating 

funds and B for Singapore-listed peers

100% 

93% 

A

ACHIEVED  

100% ON MANAGEMENT 

APECTS and 96% on  

policy and disclosure aspects

READ MORE ON PAGE 29

Economic Pillar

READ MORE ON PAGE 32

5

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019


01. SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS 

 

 ONE MINUTE READ

Governance Pillar

INTRODUCED  

ESG-RELATED KPIs 

for key management personnel

QUARTERLY REPORTING

TO THE BOARD ON  

sustainability performance 

Regularly updated and yearly tested BCP



READ MORE ON PAGE 37

Stakeholders Pillar

Established long-term community strategy aimed at deepening community engagement 

and encouraging employee volunteerism

Engaged with more than 360 

INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS, 

60 analysts and more than  

650 RETAIL INVESTORS

Active member of several major 

INDUSTRY ASSOCIATIONS 

AND INSTITUTES

READ MORE ON PAGE 42

76% SATISFACTION WITH 

ASSET MANAGEMENT  

up 5 p.p. from 71% in 2018

69% TENANT-CUSTOMER 

SATISFACTION AS OCCUPIER  

up 5 p.p. from 64% in 2018

6

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH










































































































































































































































People Pillar

Environment Pillar

Increased L&amp;D hours per employee

SIX-FOLD Y-O-Y TO 22 HRS 

ON AVERAGE

Implemented use of Workday,  

personnel management digital 

software to automate the tracking of an 

individual’s learning needs and progress

ACHIEVED 92% PARTICIPATION 

from CEREIT Manager team in the Group employee engagement survey, with 

an engagement score of 69% (two points above the Group average of 67%)

ACHIEVED  

11 BREEAM GREEN BUILDING 

CERTIFICATIONS (seven in the 

Netherlands and four in France) and one LEED 

certification as at end of 31 December 2019

OBTAINED EPCS FOR ALL 

ASSETS where legally required 





READ MORE ON PAGE 48

READ MORE ON PAGE 52

 

TOTAL ENERGY CONSUMED DURING THE YEAR 

116,599 MWH, including the use 

of purchased grid electricity, district 

heating and fuel

PURCHASED  

100% RENEWABLE ENERGY 

in Denmark, Germany and  

the Netherlands  

100% LOW-CARBON  

INTENSIVE ENERGY*  

in France and Finland for managed 

connections

*Low carbon intensive refers to an energy mix with more than 90% 

nuclear power.

TOTAL GHG EMISSIONS PRODUCED  

30,487 TONNES OF CARBON 

DIOXIDE EQUIVALENT, 

of which 97% is directly attributable 

to tenant-customers’ daily activities

CLOSE TO  

83% OF NON-HAZARDOUS 

WASTE sent to waste-to-energy 

plants or recycling facilities. 

All hazardous waste produced from directly-

managed assets was responsibly disposed 

of by certified third-party contractors. 

7





































































































































































































































CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019




FROM LEFT (SEATED):

Fang Ai Lian

Lim Swe Guan

FROM LEFT (STANDING):

Christian Delaire

Paul Weightman

Simon Garing



02.  BOARD STATEMENT

8

The Board is pleased to present CEREIT’s second 

Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 

December 2019. This report discloses CEREIT’s ESG 

impact and the progress made during FY 2019 towards 

its goal of sustainable real estate portfolio management.

CEREIT’s core objectives are to provide Unitholders with 

regular and stable distributions and deliver sustainable 

growth in DPU and NAV per unit in the long term. 

Since CEREIT’s inception, the Board has set a strategic 

direction for the management team to achieve this 

through executing the following key strategies: active 

asset management, acquiring for growth, responsible 

capital management and best practice approach to 

corporate governance and sustainability.

To prepare for this report, an independent consultant 

facilitated a materiality review with the senior 

management teams of the Sponsor, the Manager 

and the Property Manager. The findings validated the 

continued relevance of the material ESG topics that 

were identified in FY 2018 and the Board subsequently 

endorsed them for reporting in FY 2019. The Board 

has also set ESG-related KPIs for key management 

personnel and provides strategic oversight of the 

management and monitoring of these ESG matters on 

an ongoing basis. 

This report documents progress against last year’s 

targets for all material ESG topics. The Board is 

pleased that all targets set in FY 2018 were achieved 

and in some cases even surpassed. The Board 

continues to aim for consistent improvements in 

CEREIT’s sustainability performance and looks forward 

to the continued support of all stakeholders in its 

sustainability journey.  




I am pleased to present CEREIT’s second annual 

Sustainability Report, which documents the progress 

we have made on our ESG journey to date. In keeping 

with our environment preservation efforts, the report 

is exclusively available in electronic version on our 

website for reading and download. 

ESG has been at the core of CEREIT’s operations since 

IPO. The Board and the management team firmly 

believe that our long-term prosperity and success 

depend on resilient, ethical and socially-responsible 

business practices. Robust corporate governance and 

sustainability network enable CEREIT to fulfil its core 

purpose of providing Unitholders with sustainable 

growth in DPU and NAV per unit. 

Our ESG efforts and reporting remain guided by 

Cromwell’s sustainability framework, supported by 

the five core pillars – Economic, Governance, People, 

Stakeholders and Environment. The framework provides 

a holistic approach towards managing ESG risks and 

opportunities and ensures consistent operations across 

the Manager and the Portfolio Manager. 

In our inaugural materiality assessment in FY 2018 we 

identified ten ESG material topics mapped under each 

pillar. To prepare for CEREIT’s second Sustainability 

Report, we engaged an independent consultant to 

facilitate a materiality review that comprised several 

feedback sessions and interviews with the senior 

management teams of the Sponsor, the Manager and 

the Property Manager. We also sought feedback from 

selected external stakeholders to understand what ESG 

matters are important to them. The findings validated 

the continued relevance of the material ESG topics that 

were identified in 2018 and the Board subsequently 

endorsed them.

03. CEO’S MESSAGE



Simon Garing

CEO AND 

EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

I am pleased to report that we have 



made significant sustainability 



progress in our second year 



of operations, integrating ESG 



standards into the day-to-day 



management of CEREIT’s portfolio 



and operations. All members of the 



senior management team have KPIs 



focused on specific ESG targets – 



still a relatively rare occurrence in 



our industry. 







































































































































































































































9

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019




Sustainability at CEREIT is shared responsibility but 

we also believe in the value of personal accountability. 

This is why we set meaningful targets for each material 

ESG topic, with a member of the management team 

responsible for the respective objectives, activities and 

targets. I am delighted with the measurable outcomes 

that we have today, achieving and in some cases 

surpassing our targets.

As sustainability becomes a norm amongst our peers, 

we look towards benchmark studies that are globally 

recognised and relevant to our stakeholders, as an 

indication of where we stand and how to do better. I 

am particularly pleased with CEREIT’s GRESB 2019 

assessment, in which we achieved an outstanding 

performance with 67 points, representing 43% increase 

from the inaugural 2018 assessment and surpassing 

our 5% improvement target by a significant margin. Our 

2019 GRESB results also place us ahead of our peers 

in five out of the seven aspects: management, policy 

and disclosure, monitoring and energy management 

systems, performance indicators and building 

certifications.

Stakeholder engagement is central to our sustainability 

strategy and we are committed to building mutually- 

beneficial relationships with all stakeholder groups. 

Increased touchpoints with the investment community 

and our tenant-customers during the past year 

have allowed us to gain meaningful insights and 

tailor our engagement channels to their needs. We 

also participate actively in local and global industry 

associations and build on existing community 

partnerships through more active involvement and 

expanded reach. 

As this report goes public, we are still in the midst of 

the global COVID-19 outbreak that has caused universal 

disruption to lives and businesses. We are fortunate 

to benefit from the early resilience planning, risk 

management measures and protocols implemented by 

Cromwell across our global operations. We continue to 

operate at close-to-full potential within the constraints 

of the various “lockdown” and “circuit-breaker” 

measures. 

CEREIT’s well-diversified portfolio 



across asset classes, geographies, 



tenant-customer trade sectors and 



tenant-customers is designed to 



minimise risk and provide resilience 



against any short-term economic 



shock and we are also prepared to 



show compassion and collaborate with 



our tenant-customers in a situation 



that is rapidly evolving.



Our immediate focus in the next few months will be to 

take care of the health and safety of our team members, 

tenant-customers and other key stakeholders as we 

continue to work proactively to mimimise COVID-19’s 

impact on revenue and operations. The Board and the 

senior management team are focused on preserving 

Unitholder value, ensuring appropriate levels of cash 

and stewarding CEREIT’s operations. We are putting our 

transaction strategy on hold for the next few months, as 

we deprioritise non-essential capital expenditure and 

increase our focus on operational cost savings.

03. CEO’S MESSAGE

10

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH








































































































































































































































In the medium term, there are many lessons to be 

learned from the experience during this global outbreak 

and I will look to my management team to further 

augment our emergency planning, accelerate the 

digital transformation across our operations, fortify our 

portfolio against climate risks and further increase and 

enhance our stakeholder engagement programmes.    

Our strong ESG foundation as well as progressive 

portfolio and asset management practices will help 

CEREIT over the long term. We remain committed 

to further strengthening CEREIT’s ESG performance 

through a best practice approach to sustainability 

by enhancing CEREIT’s assets, rolling out new 

technologies to drive modern outcomes for tenant-

customers and reducing CEREIT’s carbon footprint in 

a manner that preserves the historical heritage of the 

cities we operate and invest in.

Simon Garing

CEO AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

CROMWELL EREIT MANAGEMENT PTE. LTD. 

11

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































04.  ABOUT CEREIT 

 

 

(AS AT 31 MARCH 2020)

CEREIT

CEREIT is a Singapore REIT with the principal investment 

strategy of investing, directly or indirectly, in a diversified 

portfolio of income-producing real estate assets in Europe 

that are used primarily for office, light industrial / logistics 

and retail purposes.

As at the date of publication of this report CEREIT owns a 

portfolio of 94 properties in, or close to, major gateway cities 

in the Netherlands, Italy, France, Poland, Germany, Finland 

and Denmark and has a balanced focus on the office and 

light industrial / logistics sectors. It is the first REIT with a 

diversified pan-European portfolio listed on SGX-ST.

CEREIT’s portfolio has an aggregate lettable area of 

approximately 1.4 million square metres with over 750 

tenant-customers and a WALE of 4.5 years. Comprising 

primarily freehold, perpetual or continuing leasehold 

assets, the portfolio has an appraised value of 

approximately €2.11  billion as at 31 March 2020.

CEREIT is managed by Cromwell EREIT Management 

Pte. Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of CEREIT’s 

sponsor, Cromwell Property Group. Cromwell is a 

real estate investor and manager with 29 offices in 14 

countries and is listed on the ASX.  

Figure 1: Portfolio overview

94 PROPERTIES 

Finland  

11 properties

Denmark 

11 properties 

Germany 

14 properties

Poland 

6 properties 

Italy 

18 properties 

France 

22 properties

The Netherlands 

12 properties

1 Valuation is based on independent valuations conducted by Colliers and C&amp;W as at 31 December 2019 for 91 

existing properties in the portfolio. The three assets acquired in Germany with completion on 24 March 2020 

are being carried at their purchase price





































































































































































































































12

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH






Vantaa, Äyritie 12 C, Plaza Forte 

Finland

13

PORTFOLIO BREAKDOWN 

BY ASSET CLASS

PORTFOLIO BREAKDOWN 

BY GEOGRAPHY

8%

12%

30%

Denmark

Finland

Poland

Italy

The Netherlands

France

Germany

7%

30%

63%

Light Industrial / 

Logistics

Others2

Office

23%

19%

3%

5%

2. 

Others include three government-let campuses, one leisure / retail property and one hotel in Italy

13

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019


THE MANAGER, THE PROPERTY MANAGER AND THE SPONSOR

Figure 2: CEREIT trust structure

Unitholders

Property Assets

Trustee

Trustee services

Management services

30.7%3

100%

100%

Property and portfolio

management services

Property

management 

fees

Unit ownership

Distribution

Trustee fees

Management fees



A range of services under management agreements





The Property Manager

Cromwell Europe Limited



The Sponsor

Cromwell Property Group



The Manager

Cromwell EREIT

Management Pte.Ltd.

3 

As at 13 March 2020

Cromwell EREIT Management Pte. Ltd. is the Manager 

of CEREIT. 

The Manager has general powers of management over 

the assets of Cromwell European REIT and manages 

its assets and liabilities for the benefit of Unitholders. 

The Manager sets the strategic direction of CEREIT and 

provides recommendations to the Trustee on acquisitions, 

divestments, development and / or enhancements of 

CEREIT’s assets in accordance with its investment 

strategy. The services provided by the Manager include, 

but are not limited to, the following: investment 

management, asset management, capital management, 

finance and accounting, compliance, investor relations 

and sustainability management and reporting. 

Cromwell Europe Limited is the Property Manager of 

CEREIT. 

The Property Manager is an established property 

management platform with headquarters in London 

with 200+ employees in 19 offices across 11 European 

countries, including every country in which CEREIT 

currently has assets.  The primary goal of the Property 

Manager is to build long-term mutually beneficial 

relationships with tenant-customers. The Property 



04.  ABOUT CEREIT 

 

 

(AS AT 31 MARCH 2020)

14

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH






































































































































































































































4  Exchange rate as at 31 December 2019













































The Netherlands



Figure 3: Cromwell Property Group - key statistics, Europe (as at 31 December 2019)

11

COUNTRIES

356

EMPLOYEES

19

OFFICES

AUM

€3.8 BILLION

15

Manager’ services include but are not limited to: 

investment management services, asset management 

services, portfolio management services, accounting 

and administration services, technical property 

management services, project and development 

management services, sustainability management and 

reporting service and risk management services. 

Cromwell Property Group is the Sponsor of CEREIT. 

Cromwell Property Group is ASX-listed real estate 

investor and manager operating on three continents 

with a global investor base and A$11.9 billion 

assets under management. The Sponsor operates 

a fully-integrated property, investment and asset 

management model and takes an active approach to 

property portfolio and asset management, specialising 

in value-add projects and asset transformations. As at 

31 December 2019, the Sponsor has approximately  

A$11.9 (€7.5)4 billion AUM, out of which €3.8 billion of 

real estate assets under management in Europe. 

Both the Manager and the Property Manager  

are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Cromwell  

Property Group.

15

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019








































































































































































































































05. ABOUT THE REPORT 

REPORTING FRAMEWORK AND BOUNDARIES

CEREIT’s second Sustainability Report is prepared 

in compliance with the sustainability reporting 

requirements set out in SGX-ST Listing Rules 711A and 

711B and Practice Note 7.6 and in accordance with GRI 

Standards: Core option. The GRI Standards have been 

selected for its universal application and suitability to 

CEREIT’s industry and business model. Additionally, 

they allow for comparability with Cromwell Property 

Group and peers. The GRI Content Index on pages 

58 to 63 provides the complete set of disclosures 

adopted in this report.

Unless otherwise stated, this report covers 

CEREIT’s sustainability, economic and financial 

performance for FY 2019, with prior year 

performance included for comparison where 

applicable. 

Consistent with CEREIT’s Annual Report, this 

report covers CEREIT’s business operations 

for 103 properties that have been in the 

ownership of CEREIT within the Financial 

Period. A full list of the properties covered 

in this Sustainability Report is available 

in the appendices, located after the GRI 

Content Index.  

















































































































ECONOMIC

Financial and operational performance highlights in 

the Sustainability Report are extracted from CEREIT’s 

Annual Report.  CEREIT’s full consolidated financial 

statements can be found on pages 174 to 252 in the 

Annual Report.

GOVERNANCE

The Manager largely complies with all principles and 

guidelines set out in the Code of Corporate Governance 

2018. The code is adopted as CEREIT’s benchmark for 

corporate governance policies and practices relating to 

trust and transparency, anti-corruption and regulatory 

compliance. The Manager’s detailed corporate 

governance statement can be found on pages 140 to 

165 in the Annual Report. 

In terms of business continuity, the Manager has 

adopted the Sponsor’s business continuity approach 

and framework and is also further also guided by the 

MAS Business Continuity Management Guidelines.  

In terms of cyber-readiness and data governance, 

the Manager works within the IT infrastructure of the 

Sponsor and has policies and processes in place to 

comply with applicable data applicable privacy laws. 

The reporting boundary for each sustainability pillar 

can be found below.

16

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH










ENVIRONMENT

With effect from this Sustainability Report, CEREIT 

will align the scope of reported energy consumption 

and waste management data to its respective current 

GRESB Real Estate Assessment for consistency. As the 

GRESB submission is based on a full calendar year and 

submitted in the month of May of the following calendar 

year, with results published in September, the energy 

and waste data covered in this report are for FY 2018. 

This set of data has now been updated and augmented 

from what was reported in CEREIT’s Sustainability 

Report 2018 upon independent verification by third-

party assurer, Longevity Partners. 

STAKEHOLDERST

Stakeholder engagement covered in this Sustainability 

Report broadly includes investors, Unitholders, tenant-

customers, regulators, business partners and service 

providers, as well as the local community.

PEOPLE

Reporting on employee policies, practices, performance, 

talent management and learning and development 

covers only the Manager’s employees and excludes 

employees of the Sponsor, of the Property Manager and 

of other joint operations, associates or ventures. 

Human resource in this Sustainability Report is referred 

to as People &amp; Culture or P&amp;C and training is referred 

to as Learning &amp; Development or L&amp;D, consistent with 

Group practices.

12

18

Figure 4: Energy reporting boundaries by number of assets and operational / non-operational control

12

55

Operational 

control

No 

operational 

control

Reported

Reported

Not Reported

67

30

Operational 

control

No operational 

control

Not Reported

Energy reporting boundary by number 

of assets

Energy reporting boundary by number 

of assets

In terms of energy management, this report covers 

energy consumption for 75% or 73 out of the 97 

properties under CEREIT’s ownership at the time of 

GRESB submission for 2018 assessment in June 2019. Out 

of these 73 properties, CEREIT has operational control of 55 

properties and no operational control of the remaining 18.

For waste management, this report covers waste 

generation and disposal approaches for 29 properties 

under CEREIT’s ownership for the reported year. Out 

of these 29 properties, CEREIT has operational control 

of 25 properties and no operational control of the 

remaining four.

FY 2018 being the first year of operations for CEREIT, 

data collection was only possible for selected properties 

within CEREIT’s operational control, as time was 

needed for measurement systems to be set up and also 

some of those assets were (and still are) under master 

leases where tenant-customers had (and still have) 

full management control over the operations of the 

asset that they occupy. For those properties, CEREIT 

has taken the initiative to, where possible, obtain the 

measurement data from the tenant-customers to 

present a holistic view of the building performance. 

The participation and disclosure of performance data 

for those properties is dependent upon the tenant-

customers’ willingness to support CEREIT’s reporting 

initiatives so reporting data on these assets is expected 

to vary on a yearly basis. CEREIT continues to work 

towards gaining access to measurement data for its 

entire portfolio.

17

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019








































































































































































































































REPORTING PRINCIPLES 

GRI’s reporting principles on defining report content and quality were fully adopted in the materiality assessment 

and development of this Sustainability Report. They are summarised in the table below:

Defining report content

Stakeholder 

inclusiveness

The Manager has taken into consideration both internal and external stakeholders’ perspectives in 

determining the material matters for reporting. The approach is outlined in further detail on pages 42-47.

Materiality

The materiality aspects assessment process that has considered CEREIT’s significant economic, 

environmental and social impact as well as how these may substantively influence / affect stakeholders. 

The process is outlined in further detail on pages 20-21.

Sustainability 

context 

As a Singapore REIT with a diversified pan-European portfolio, sustainability context is international. 

CEREIT’s approach to sustainability and reporting is therefore developed in consideration of global 

benchmarks, its SGX-listed peers and its European peer group as defined by GRESB.

Completeness

This report covers relevant business activities for the 103 properties that were part of CEREIT’s 

portfolio as at the end of FY 2019 and includes, where applicable, relevant material information that 

could influence stakeholder decisions. 

Defining report quality

Balance 

Every effort is made for CEREIT’s sustainability performance to be presented factually and with a 

balanced view. Gaps and opportunities for improvement are adequately disclosed with progress status 

and / or action plans.

Comparability

The sustainability reporting framework adopted for this report is an internationally-recognised 

framework. Industry benchmarks are used where appropriate, including GRESB. Performance data 

disclosed is collected on a consistent best-effort basis and presented as year-on-year comparisons 

where possible. 

Accuracy

To the extent possible, no data is estimated. All data in this report has been measured or is supported 

by relevant documents and records (with some exceptions around utility data and general verification). 

Financial and operational performance is extracted from the Annual Report where reported data has 

been subjected to a thorough review process to ensure its accuracy. The FY 2019 financial statements 

were signed off by external auditors as required by applicable regulations.

Timeliness

This Sustainability Report complies with regulatory requirements for publication of non-financial 

information by SGX no later than five months after the end of the financial year.

Clarity 

Technical jargon, if used, is fully explained on a best-effort basis. Non-exhaustive glossary of first 

mentions and definitions is included as a front section of this report. GRI Content Index is included for 

ease of reference on pages 58-63.  

Reliability 

CEREIT is committed to best practice in sustainability data management and transparent reporting. 

The energy data is independently verified and assured by third-party assurer, Longevity Partners. The 

Manager will consider seeking external assurance for other sustainability indicators in subsequent 

years as reporting practices mature. 

05. ABOUT THE REPORT 

As CEREIT progresses on its sustainability journey, the Manager looks forward to the support of all stakeholders 

and welcomes any feedback for improvement. Queries and comments can be directed to ir@cromwell.com.sg. 

18

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH









































































































































































































































Figure 5:  Sustainability structure

SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY

CEREIT recognises that resilient, ethical and socially-

responsible business practices underpin its prosperity and 

success. Putting market-leading ESG practices at the core 

of its long-term business allows CEREIT to continue to 

fulfil its core purpose of providing Unitholders with regular 

and stable distributions and delivering sustainable growth 

in DPU and NAV per unit in the long term. 

SUSTAINABILITY FRAMEWORK AND GOVERNANCE

As stated in CEREIT’s inaugural Sustainability Report for 

FY 2018 published in May 2019, the Manager has adopted 

Cromwell’s market-leading sustainability framework, 

ensuring that CEREIT remains focused on improving 

performance through a structured, responsible and 

balanced pathway to sustained success. Under this 

framework, all material risks and opportunities 

are addressed across five pillars – Economic, 

Governance, Stakeholders, People and 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

ECONOMIC  

PILLAR

Committed to 

providing investors 

with secure, stable 

and growing 

distributions in the 

long-term, derived 

from sustainable 

business practices.

RESPONSIBILITY

• Chief Executive Officer 

• Chief Financial Officer

• Chief Investment 

Officer

GOVERNANCE 

PILLAR

Manage risk and 

protect investors’ 

interests through best 

practice governance 

processes and 

procedures.

RESPONSIBILITY

• Head of Legal,  

Compliance and 

Company Secretarial

• Chief Operating 

Officer

STAKEHOLDERS 

PILLAR 

Actively engage with 

key stakeholders to 

understand the causes 

that matter to them 

and make a positive 

contribution.

RESPONSIBILITY

• Head of Investor 

 Relations  

• Head of Property

PEOPLE  

PILLAR

Our people are our 

strength. Recognise the 

power of the individual 

to make a difference 

and the collective 

power of the team 

to drive sustainable, 

competitive advantage.  

RESPONSIBILITY

• Chief Operating   

 Officer

ENVIRONMENT 

PILLAR 

Committed to 

improving the 

operational 

performance and 

actively reducing the 

environmental impact 

of the properties while 

ensuring stakeholder 

safety.

RESPONSIBILITY

• Head of Property













































































































Environment. The sustainability framework has also 

been approved by the Board.

The Board provides strategic direction across the 

five pillars and is involved in the endorsement of the 

material matters under each pillar. The Board also 

provides strategic oversight and reviews CEREIT’s 

sustainability performance, reporting on which has 

been integrated into CEREIT’s quarterly operational 

reports. 

To ensure greater accountability, the Board has 

delegated responsibilities to dedicated executives or 

senior managers as the ‘owners’ for each pillar. They 

are responsible for identifying, setting and delivering 

the objectives and targets associated with the material 

topics under each pillar. They are also evaluated on 

KPIs that are tied to CEREIT’s ESG targets, providing 

further motivation and commitment. 

06. APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

20

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH






































































































































































































































MATERIALITY REVIEW 

Each year, the Manager conducts a materiality review 

to identify and prioritise the most relevant ESG issues, 

taking into account the impact that each issue has on 

CEREIT and its stakeholders. To prepare for CEREIT’s 

second Sustainability Report for the financial year that 

ended 31 December 2019, an independent consultant 

EY facilitated a materiality review that comprised 

several feedback sessions and interviews with the 

senior management teams of the Sponsor, the Manager 

and the Property Manager. In addition, the Manager 

sought informally the views of representatives of the 

investment community on ESG issues that mattered to 

them. The findings validated the continued relevance of 

the material ESG topics that were identified in FY 2018 

and the Board subsequently endorsed them for goal 

setting and reporting in FY 2019.  

SUSTAINABILITY FRAMEWORK PROCESS 

Following the materiality review and the Board’s 

endorsement, the ten material topics across the five 

pillars were used to form sustainability objectives 

and prepare relevant plans, targets and performance 

objectives for the financial year. This Sustainability 

Report is a direct response to material topics identified 

through the review process. Acknowledging that 

sustainability is now not only a local priority but also 

increasingly requires global goals alignment, the 

Manager further evaluated its ESG targets in the 

context of relevant UN SDGs. The SDGs have served 

as an additional guide for the Manager to look beyond 

its own operations and consider other progressive 

strategies and initiatives that contribute towards 

addressing international sustainability goals. 

Figure 6: Cromwell’s sustainability framework process

Stakeholder engagement

Sustainability objectives

Economic, Governance, People,  

Stakeholders, Environment Pillar objectives

Sustainability actions and metrics

Business unit plans and KPIs

Research

Corporate strategy

Performance  

benchmarks and indices

Corporate risk

Material  

topics

21

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019






































































































































































































































KEY MATERIAL TOPICS INFORMING FY 2019 OBJECTIVES

Figure 8: Material topics, risks and opportunities and SDGs 

MATERIAL TOPICS

RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES

SDG 

CONTRIBUTION

Sustainable 

economic value 

creation

Through ensuring that its business is sustainable, CEREIT can remain true 

to its stated purpose to deliver stable and growing distributions and NAV per 

Unit growth in the long-term to its Unitholders, provide employment and 

support community initiatives. 

Quality of assets

Asset enhancement initiatives create opportunities for income and NAV per 

Unit growth, further improve returns to Unitholders and demonstrate quality 

commitment to tenant-customers.

Regulatory 

compliance

Non-compliance to applicable regulatory laws and regulations, corruption 

incidents and breach of trust can cause disruptions to operations and result 

in serious financial and reputational loss. 

The Manager is guided by the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 and 

strives to maintain the highest standards of corporate governance so as to 

ensure that CEREIT continue to instill stakeholder confidence.   

Strong governance and transparency are even more important in the context 

of the global COVID-19 outbreak which has greatly disrupted the global 

economy and business environment and the Manager remains committed to 

providing timely and relevant updates to the market as necessary.   

The Manager has also adopted the Group’s business continuity framework 

and further augmented it with relevant policies and procedures consistent 

with MAS Business Continuity Management Guidelines. This has proven to be 

invaluable practice in the light of continued global health risks and business 

disruptions amidst COVID-19.

Anti-corruption

Trust, 

transparency and 

governance

ECONOMIC PILLAR

GOVERNANCE PILLAR









Figure 7. United Nations Sustainable Development Goals





































06. APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

22

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH






































































































































































































































Cyber-readiness 

and gata 

governance

As the Manager adopts more digital solutions in its operations, it also 

faces greater exposure to cyber-breaches and data theft. Operating within 

the Sponsor’s IT infrastructure has allowed the Manager to leverage 

cybersecurity systems which are maintained as guided by the ISO27001 

information security management systems certification, which the Sponsor 

targets to attain in the near future. The Manager has also ensured that its 

data handling practices are aligned to relevant data protection regulations.

Strong 

partnerships

The Manager’s main operations are in Singapore and Luxembourg while 

CEREIT’s portfolio is pan-European, with presence in seven countries. The 

Manager therefore participates actively in Singapore and Europe-based 

industry associations and builds on existing community partnerships to 

ensure that its business practices remain relevant and effective.

Tenant-customer 

satisfaction

Tenant-customers are increasingly prioritising employee health and safety, 

particularly with the increased duration spent indoors at work. The Manager 

and the Property Manager are conscious of this and strive to offer innovative 

environments that encourage movement and healthy living. 

Talent attraction, 

retention 

and career 

development

Competition for talent in the real estate industry is intense and employees 

are increasingly interested to work for organisations that not only provides 

competitive benefits but also supports career development and cares for 

their wellbeing. The Manager ensures that its employees’ needs are provided 

for through frequent interactions with them and keeping a close eye on 

human resourcing developments in the market.

Improving energy 

intensity and 

reducing carbon 

footprint 

Buildings contribute approximately 40% of the world’s greenhouse gas emissions. 

The real estate industry is subject to ever increasing regulatory scrutiny. 

In this context, CEREIT aims to minimise environmental impact by deploying 

renewable and low-carbon intensive energy where possible and upgrading energy-

intensive equipment through ongoing asset enhancement initiatives. Aiming to 

achieve relevant green building certifications such as BREEAM, LEED and EPC is 

a testament to CEREIT’s environmental commitment. This proactive approach will 

also in the long term attract a wider pool of investors that are increasingly focused 

on ESG performance. 

Identifying underlying environmental risks is key priority during any real estate 

transactions undertaken by the Manager. Environmental due diligence is part of 

the Manager’s acquisitions process. If the asset is deemed suitable for acquisition 

with some environmental risks identified, an action plan is developed post-

acquisition to mitigate these risks.   

Climate change has also resulted in increased frequency and intensity of extreme 

weather events and natural disasters, which could have an impact on CEREIT’s 

physical assets globally. In this context, the Manager has completed a climate risk 

study of selected buildings in CEREIT’s portfolio and has reviewed and enhanced 

insurance coverage for identified physical climate-related risks, ensuring that the 

portfolio is insured against climate events. 

STAKEHOLDERS PILLAR

PEOPLE PILLAR

ENVIRONMENT PILLAR













23

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019








































































































































































































































APPROACH TO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Regular and proactive stakeholder engagement is key to CEREIT’s long-term success and the Manager 

activelyseeks to understand the needs and concerns of the various groups of stakeholders. Stakeholder feedback 

informs the development of relevant sustainability initiatives and resource allocation.

The approach towards stakeholder engagement for each key group and corresponding actionsis detailed in the 

table below. 

 » Fair and equal employment 

opportunities

 » L&amp;D

 » Career progression

 » Safe and healthy working 

environment

 » Employee engagement and 

performance review

 » Training and development 

opportunities 

 

 » Annual performance reviews 

 » Continued learning and 

development opportunities

 » The Manager’s and the Property 

manager’s  approach to supplier 

engagement and value chain 

management are captured on a 

Group level within the Governance 

Pillar of the Sponsor 

 »  Amongst others, the supplier’s 

Code of Conduct adopted by the 

Group sets out expectations for 

suppliers to comply with relevant 

laws including but not limited 

to those governing consumer 

protection, environment, anti-

competition, human rights, 

modern slavery and health, safety 

and welfare laws  

 »  Group service providers assessed 

to have higher risks or engaged 

on significant projects and are 

generally required to sign a 

Supplier Code of Conduct

 » Stable and growing distributions 

and long-term NAV per unit 

growth

 »  Sustainable business operations 

and portfolio performance 

 »  Responsible asset and capital 

management  

 

 

 

 

 

 »  Keep all Unitholders and other 

stakeholders regularly informed 

about CEREIT’s financial results 

and operating performance and 

to inform the market immediately 

upon any change in its business 

that could materially affect the 

price or value of CEREIT’s Units 

 

 

 

 

 »  General unitholder meetings 

(AGMs, EGMs)

 » Regular and timely SGX-ST 

announcements, quarterly results 

and business update presentations, 

investor presentations and media 

releases, all also uploaded on 

the investor relations section of 

CEREIT’s website

 » Ongoing investor meetings

 » Biannual, or as required, analyst 

and media briefings

INTERNAL - EMPLOYEES OF THE MANAGER 

VALUE CHAIN - SUPPLIERS 

CUSTOMERS - INVESTMENT COMMUNITY (RETAIL UNITHOLDERS AND INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS) 

Interests and Areas of Focus

CEREIT’s Commitments

Key Engagement Mode and 

Frequency

06. APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

24

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH








































































































































































































































 »  Maintenance of assets 

 »  Improving sustainability of assets 

 »  Value for money in terms of rent

 » High occupier satisfaction 

 » Safety and well-being 

 » Ongoing responsible upkeep of 

buildings

 » Regular communication and 

engagement with tenant-

customers 

 

 » Annual engagement survey

 » Ongoing face-to-face meetings, 

email and phone correspondence 

 » As appropriate, CEREIT 

engagement programme 

feedback sessions with asset / 

property managers’ KPIs

 »  Relevant media angles for readers 

of any story that covers CEREIT 

 

 

 

 » Fair and balanced communication 

to the general public, consistent 

with relevant ongoing 

disclosures provided regularly 

to all Unitholders and other 

stakeholders 

 » Ongoing media releases and 

media briefings, media interviews 

and thought leadership pieces

CUSTOMERS - TENANT-CUSTOMERS

EXTERNAL - MEDIA

 »  Compliance with applicable laws, 

rules and regulatory requirements 

in all countries of operations

 »  Ongoing participation in industry 

associations   

 » Stay updated on regulatory 

requirements 

 »  Establish robust risk management 

framework 

 »  Active membership in industry 

associations

 »  Regular communication with 

regulators and governing bodies  

(as appropriate, depending on 

nature of engagement)

 » Ongoing participation in industry 

forums 

 » Positive impact and contribution 

tothe communities where CEREIT 

operates in 

 »  Support towards the community 

 »  Philanthropic programmes and 

activities  

 » Ongoing monetary and in-kind 

donations

 » Ongoing volunteer work 

EXTERNAL - INDUSTRY, GOVERNMENT BODIES AND AGENCIES 

THE COMMUNITY  

Interests and Areas of Focus

CEREIT’s Commitments

Key Engagement Mode and 

Frequency

25

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019






































































































































































































































FY 2018

 PERFORMANCE



07. SUSTAINABLE LEADERSHIP  

 

 AMID COVID-19 GLOBAL OUTBREAK

As at the date of publishing this report, the global community is a few months into a crisis of epidemic proportions due 

to the universal disruption on lives and business that COVID-19 has caused. During these uncertain times, the Board 

and the senior management team are focused on preserving Unitholder value, ensuring appropriate levels of cash and 

stewarding CEREIT’s operations through the impact from COVID-19. The Manager is putting transaction strategy on 

hold for the next few months, deprioritising non-essential capex and increasing focus on operating cost savings. 

The table below outlines how the Manager, the Sponsor and the Property Manager assess and respond to COVID-19 

related risks in relation to each of CEREIT’s sustainability pillars. 

CURRENT ASSESSMENT

RESPONSE

ECONOMIC PILLAR

CEREIT’s well-diversified portfolio across asset 

classes, geographies, tenant-customer trade 

sectors and tenant-customers is designed to 

minimise risk and provide resilience against any 

short-term economic shock. Approximately 26% 

of CEREIT’s current rent comes from government 

and semi-government leases and further 64% 

comes from multinational tenant-customers and 

domestic corporations. Only approximately 10% 

of tenant-customers are small- and medium-

sized enterprises who are more vulnerable to 

economic downturn. 

Approximately 32% of CEREIT’s net property 

income is coming from light industrial / logistics 

assets. For CEREIT’s light industrial / logistics 

assets, there is evidence that CEREIT’s larger 

tenant-customers are largely operational and 

some of them even require more space as they 

are benefiting from growing e-commerce now 

due to COVID-19. 

The Board and the management team are focused on 

preserving Unitholder value, ensuring appropriate levels of 

cash and stewarding operations. Execution of transaction 

strategy has been put on hold for the next few months. There 

is increased focus on deprioritising non-essential capex and on 

minimising non-critical expenses.

As reported in 1Q 2020 CEREIT’s business update on 12 May 

2020, the asset management team is in varying degrees of 

discussions with tenant-customers representing approximately 

15% of total headline rent that have asked to help smoothen 

their rent payments. 

The asset management team is applying case-by-case approach, 

discussing and considering options such as moving from quarterly 

to monthly payments or postponing by up to three months of rent 

and in exceptional cases providing rent-free leases now as an 

incentive for an early lease extension or removal of break options. 

Any such concessions would be made only do this after a thorough 

assessment of tenant-customers’ business and credit worthiness. 

CEREIT’s portfolio is reviewed as a whole on a weekly basis.

The asset management team hosts regular internal meetings 

to share knowledge, discuss strategy and collectively tackle 

potential roadblocks as an asset management platform.

GOVERNANCE PILLAR

At this stage, European governments are 

generally respecting the fundamentals of contract 

law and common landlord / tenant rights. Some 

governments have provided for a small extension 

period for office and logistics tenant-customers 

to pay rent, but has not at this stage enforced of 

wholesale rental waivers or abatements.

The legal landscape is quickly evolving across 

Europe with many jurisdictions adopting 

emergency COVID-19 legislation.

The Manager is actively working to protect and enforce its 

rights under lease contracts.

The teams on the ground are actively monitoring the potential 

impact of newly introduced government measures.

At this stage, the Manager has not had to make blanket 

provisions for “rent relief”, nor is offering across-the-board 

rent waivers.

FY 2018

 PERFORMANCE

FY 2019

 TARGETS

FY 2018

 PERFORMANCE

FY 2019

 TARGETS

FY 2018

 PERFORMANCE

FY 2019

 TARGETS

26

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH






































































































































































































































FY 2018

 PERFORMANCE

9

TS

CURRENT ASSESSMENT

RESPONSE

STAKEHOLDERS PILLAR

Each stakeholder group has different priorities 

and needs and the Manager and the Property 

Manager have tailored their response 

and actions depending on these needs.  

Common thread remains continued frequent 

communication and engagement while showing 

compassion, empathy and understanding. 

Tenant-Customers 

The asset management team has been in regular contact with 

tenant-customers via video and audio conference calls with a 

specific attention on the top 25 tenant-customers (representing 

more than 70% of CEREIT’s headline rent), keeping to  

business-as-usual as much as possible, to protect the health 

and safety of employees and CEREIT’s premises. This approach 

ensures valuable insights into key tenant-customers’ business 

conditions and allows early identification of any potential risk 

from CEREIT’s perspective.

The Property Manager has also increased cleaning rosters and 

enhanced common area sanitising services. 

 

Investment community  

The Manager has provided to the market regular and meaningful 

business updates since the beginning of the COVID-19 outbreak 

in Europe. Notably, on 7 April 2020, the Manager conducted a 

teleconference briefing with investors and analysts to update 

them on European operations amidst COVID-19, with more than 

70 representatives of the investment community dialling in. The 

Manager provided subsequent update on COVID-19 impact as 

part of its 1Q 2020 business update on 12 May 2020. 

 

Local community 

The Manager in Singapore is seeking creative ways to help its 

community partners during COVID-19 related lockdowns. In mid-

April the social and community engagement committee helped 

one of the Manager’s adopted charities – Child at Street 11 – set 

up a fund-raising campaign on Singapore National Volunteer &amp; 

Philanthropy Centre’s donation portal giving.sg. The campaign 

aims to raise S$80,000 to ensure that the school’s running costs 

while the school remains closed. As at the date of this report 

the campaign has surpassed the 65% mark of its fundraising 

target.  



FY 2018

 PERFORMANCE

FY 2019

 TARGETS

27

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019






































































































































































































































PEOPLE PILLAR

The Manager is benefiting from early resilience 

planning and risk management measures 

adopted by the Sponsor across its global 

operations. 

Group-level global COVID-19 task force was 

established in late February with the purpose 

to manage company operations, implement 

measures to protect the health and safety of 

Cromwell employees and ensure that business 

continues as usual. The Manager is represented 

on this task force by its Chief Operating Officer. 

The COVID-19 taskforce is transitioning from 

initial crisis management and stabilising of 

operations to planning for gradual return to 

normal operations as lockdowns across the 

world gradually ease down.

The Manager has activated its business continuity plan since 

the beginning of February, when Singapore moved to DORSCON 

Code Orange5. The team has remained fully operational since, 

with the management making appropriate arrangements 

for employees to work from home, in line with continued 

social distancing and “circuit breaker” measures adopted in 

Singapore. From 17 March, for business continuity reasons, the 

EU team members have also largely been working from home 

with minimal impact to operations.

The Group has implemented new cloud-based accounting, 

leasing, treasury management, risk management and 

document storage platforms, as well as conducted extensive 

training to ensure all team members can work remotely, be 

effective and remain available to tenant-customers, across 

operations in Australia, Singapore and Europe.

The Group is carefully monitoring the latest health guidelines 

issued by the World Health Organisation as well as by national, 

regional and local governments and adapting its operations 

accordingly.

To date, not a single employee of the Group has reported 

positive for COVID-19. 

ENVIRONMENT PILLAR

The Manager is committed to improving the 

operational performance and actively reducing 

the environmental impact of CEREIT’s  properties 

while ensuring stakeholder safety.

Work on BREEAM and LEED certification and GRESB 2020 

submission is on track. Seven assets are likely to receive 

BREEAM-in-use certification, adding to the current 11 already 

certified.

The Property Manager has also commenced work to adhere 

to the 40% energy reduction goal by 2030, set by the French 

government.   

In assets where occupancy is reduced, or closures are 

enforced, there is a potential reduction in energy usage, but it 

should be noted that additional resource use may be incurred 

with enhanced cleaning / security etc., as part of COVID-19 

preventive measures. 

07. SUSTAINABLE LEADERSHIP  

 

 AMID COVID-19 GLOBAL OUTBREAK

FY 2018

 PERFORMANCE

9

TS

FY 2018

 PERFORMANCE

FY 2019

 TARGETS

5 Disease Outbreak Response System Condition (DORSCON) is the Singapore government’s colour-coded framework that shows the current disease situation. It has 

four levels: green, yellow, orange and red

CURRENT ASSESSMENT

RESPONSE

28

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH






































































































































































































































08. INDUSTRY BENCHMARK    

 

 GRESB DISCLOSURE

The Manager recognises and welcomes the increasing 

investor demand for transparent, reliable and 

comparable ESG information. Since its inaugural 

FY 2018 full year of operations, the Manager has 

reported CEREIT’s performance under GRESB, a well-

established global investor-driven ESG performance 

benchmark for the real estate sector.  GRESB 

assessment offers high-quality ESG data and powerful 

analytical tools to benchmark ESG performance, identify 

areas for improvement and engage with investors. It 

compares a participant’s ESG performance against 

similar funds across asset types and geographies, 

enabling ESG-conscious investors to make more 

responsible investment decisions. 

CEREIT received its FY 2018 assessment in 

September 2019, making significant progress across 

the sustainability aspects from its inaugural 2018 

submission for FY 2017. 

CEREIT achieved an overall score of 67 (43% y-o-y 

increase) in the GRESB Real Estate Assessment, 

placing CEREIT slightly above its peer group average 

of 66 points. The results indicate that CEREIT 

outperformed its peers in five of the seven GRESB 

aspects – management, policy and disclosure, 

monitoring and environmental management systems, 

performance indicators and building certification. 

Notably, CEREIT achieved 100% for the Management 

and 96% for policy and disclosure aspects, which was 

a result of its robust sustainability governance and 

framework. 

CEREIT has also obtained an A-rating for GRESB’s 

public disclosure assessment, which separately 

assesses participants for their performance on material 

ESG disclosures. By comparison, the global GRESB 

participants in 2019 obtained an average of ‘C’ while 

CEREIT’s listed Singapore peers obtained an average of 

‘B’ for this assessment. 

The Manager continues to work closely with the 

Property Manager to identify areas for improvement 

in the coming year. Existing initiatives, specific GRESB 

aspects identified for improvement, as well as future 

action plans, are detailed on page 30 with a view to 

continually improve CEREIT’s GRESB rating in the years 

to come.

FY2018 

47

67

FY2019 

1 

2

43% INCREASE 

in overall GRESB score from FY 2018 

in the Real Estate Assessment 

41

61

34

55

70

92

Environment

Social

Governance

Peer Group Average

Performance 

Indicators

Building 

Certifications

Stakeholder 

Engagement

Management

Montioring and 

EMS

Risks and 

Opportunities

Policy and 

Disclosure

CEREIT

Overall

OUTPERFORMED PEERS 

in five of seven GRESB aspects 





100

96

60

63

54

58

73

Figure 9: Highlights of CEREIT’s performance from GRESB Assessment 2019

29

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019
















































































































































































































































FY 2020 TARGET

Achieve 5% improvement in overall score from FY 2019

RISKS AND 

OPPORTUNITIES

BUILDING 

CERTIFICATIONS 

STAKEHOLDER 

ENGAGEMENT 

PERFORMANCE 

INDICATORS

In FY 2018, CEREIT set a target to 

obtain BREEAM certification for ten 

properties in FY 2019 and FY 2020 

and to obtain EPC for all assets 

where legally required. EPC target 

has been achieved and CEREIT is on 

track to meet the BREEAM target 

with nine BREEAM certifications 

achieved in FY 2019. The Manager 

has also attained one LEED 

certification for an asset in Poland 

during the year and will continue 

to assess readiness of selected 

buildings for BREEAM, LEED and 

WELL certifications. 

The Property Manager continues 

to explore ways to improve tenant-

customer engagement through 

developing specific programmes. 

Plans are also in progress to 

engage other key stakeholder 

groups such as suppliers and local 

communities in Europe.

The Manager carried out a climate  

risk review for over 90 properties in its  

portfolio, assessing potential climate  

risks based on their geographical location. 

The properties were evaluated for climate-

related risks such as lightning, floods and 

hailstorms, informing future decision-

making for adaptation plans and asset 

enhancements.

The Manager also plans to assess its 

existing assets for other sustainability-

related risks in addition to climate change 

and conduct annual technical building 

assessments for at least 20% of its AUM.

GRESB ASPECTS

08. INDUSTRY BENCHMARK    

 

 GRESB DISCLOSURE

IMPLEMENTED ACTION PLAN

IMPLEMENTED ACTION PLAN

IMPLEMENTED ACTION PLAN

IMPLEMENTED ACTION PLAN

The Manager is working with the 

Property Manager on improving 

data quality and coverage for 

the assets under its operational 

control. Discussions are also 

ongoing to set specific reduction 

targets on landlord energy 

consumption and emissions.

30

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH








































































































































































































































31

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019






































































































































































































































09. ECONOMIC PILLAR

INTRODUCTION

 FY 2019 TARGETS AND PERFORMANCE

FY 2019 DISTRIBUTION TO MEET OR 

EXCEED IPO FORECAST

ACHIEVED   

DISTRIBUTABLE INCOME  

OF €96.9MILLION  

38% above the IPO Forecast 

42.6% more than FY 2018

ACHIEVED FOR THE ENTIRE PORTFOLIO 

93.2% OCCUPANCY  

as at the end of December 2019 

compared to 92.6% as projected in the 

Prospectus (as at 30 April 2017) and up 

2.4% from the end of December 2018

1 

2

FY 2019 PORTFOLIO OCCUPANCY TO MEET 

OR EXCEED IPO FORECAST

CEREIT’s stated purpose is to deliver stable and 

growing distributions and long-term NAV per unit 

growth to its Unitholders. As the first Singapore REIT 

with a diversified pan-European portfolio, CEREIT 

offers the opportunity to invest in an income-producing, 

diversified pan-European commercial real estate 

portfolio managed by a trusted and experienced team. 

The Manager aims to achieve CEREIT’s objectives and 

ensure sustainable economic value creation through 

executing on the following key strategies:

Active asset management and asset enhancement

 » Seek to drive organic growth in revenue and income 

and maintain strong tenant-customer relationships

 »  Continually monitor each asset’s expected contribution 

to earnings and NAV growth, utilising the proprietary 

dynamic portfolio optimisation tool encapsulating 13 

risk factors

 »  Explore selling assets that no longer meet CEREIT’s 

key objectives and look to reinvest capital into 

opportunities that will ultimately increase DPU and 

NAV per unit

 »  Regularly evaluate properties to identify if potential 

property enhancement or redevelopment opportunities 

can enhance returns 

Growth through acquisitions

 » Adopt rigorous research-backed selection process 

focused on long-term sector trends and fundamental 

real estate qualities to ensure investments are 

focused on the right cities and sectors

 » Aim to grow DPU and NAV per Unit through the 

acquisition of quality income-producing commercial 

properties across Europe

 » Seek assets that can provide attractive cash flows 

and yields and fit within CEREIT’s purpose to enhance 

returns for Unitholders

 »  Source potential acquisitions that create opportunities 

for future income and capital growth

 »  Leverage extensive on-the-ground teams and 

participate in both on- and off-market acquisitions 

Responsible capital management

 »  Maintain strong balance sheet and employ an appropriate 

mix of debt and equity with appropriate liquidity

 »  Secure diversified funding sources considering both 

financial institutions and capital markets options

 »  Optimise cost of debt financing and utilise interest 

rate and foreign exchange hedging strategies where 

appropriate 

Best practice approach to sustainability

 » Employ a best practice approach to ESG matters 

to achieve high standards in the operation and 

management of CEREIT, consistent with the values of 

the Sponsor and with guidance from the Board

 » Safeguard Unitholders’ interests through robust 

corporate governance and risk management 

 » Participate in the annual GRESB assessment to provide a 

regular measure of CEREIT’s sustainability performance

32

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH






































































































































































































































SUSTAINABLE ECONOMIC VALUE CREATION

FY 2019 highlights: exceeding forecasts (financial year-end 31 December 2019)

40.1% up y-o-y6 

37.4% above the IPO Forecast7

up from 90.8% at end 

December FY 2018

Debt refinanced

successfully

42.6% up y-o-y

38.0% above the IPO Forecast

driven by continued 

outperformance in the light 

industrial / logistics sector

WADE of 3.4 years vs  

WALE of 4.4 years, underpins 

distributable income

8.8% up y-o-y

1.5% above the IPO Forecast

2.9% increase in FY 2019

€625.0 million

€116.1 million

93.2%

€96.9 million

3.7%

97.5%

hedged

€4.08 cents

€42.4 million

FY 2019 NPI

portfolio occupancy

FY 2019 DI

positive rent reversion

FY 2019 DPU

Fair value gains

€

Outperformed two years of IPO forecasts

Active capital management transforms the balance sheet

Active asset management drives organic growth in FY 2019

€

and more than 70% of 

portfolio now unencumbered 

~1.5% p.a.

cost of funding

6 Driven by new office acquisitions and the outperformance in the initial light industrial / logistics portfolio

7 As compared to amounts stated in the Prospectus, adjusted for the Rights Issue

33

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019








































































































































































































































Capital management: transformational debt 

refinancing 

At the time of CEREIT’s IPO in November 2017, its 

funding structure was predominantly based on secured 

asset-level financing arrangements. Subsequent 

acquisitions were initially funded through additional 

short-term, floating-rate secured borrowings at asset 

level. In November 2019, the Manager completed a 

significant €625 million refinancing, transforming 

CEREIT’s debt structure from a largely secured one 

to a structure where the majority of the assets were 

unencumbered.

As part of the refinancing, the Manager also secured 

€150 million revolving credit facility at competitive 

interest rates, that as at the end of the financial year 

remained undrawn. As at the end of FY 2019, CEREIT’s 

unsecured borrowings represented approximately 

72% of total debt, providing considerable flexibility in 

CEREIT’s future funding and hedging strategy, as well 

as a clear path to potentially securing an investment-

grade credit rating and issuing bonds in the debt capital 

markets.

In 1Q 2020, in the light of the ongoing COVID-19 global 

crisis, the Manager shifted focus on preserving cash 

and took some measures that ensured ample “cash 

in the bank”. Notably, the Manager withdrew fully the 

€150 million Revolving Credit Facility (RCF), with a 

portion earmarked to refinance existing debt if required, 

although the first debt facility is not due to expire until 

2H 2021. In total, debt facilities of €960.4 million were 

fully drawn; offset provided by cash at bank of €228.8 

million. CEREIT’s loan covenants also continue to 

be in line with market standards as CEREIT benefits 

from continuing low interest rates, 72% asset un-

encumbrance and unlimited cure rights for secure debt 

with only 34.5% net gearing. 

Portfolio management: successful execution 

transaction record   

Since IPO, the Manager has have added 33 high-

quality assets to CEREIT’s portfolio, representing 

an almost 50% increase in CEREIT’s portfolio size. 

Following upward revaluations of the IPO properties, 

the onboarding of newly acquired properties and the 

disposal of one non-core asset, CEREIT’s portfolio at 

year-end comprised 103 properties valued at close 

to €2.1 billion. As part of our disciplined and regular 

portfolio review process, the Manager also recently 

completed the sale of 13 non-strategic properties at 

premiums to valuations. As at 31 March 2020 CEREIT’s 

portfolio has 94 properties and is valued at €2.08 billion. 

Full details on CEREIT’s financial and operational 

performance are available in the Manager’s report 

(pages 38 to 53 of the Annual Report) and the financial 

statements (pages 174 to 252 of the Annual Report).

500

400

300

200

100

0

€ million

2020

2024

2021

2025

2026

2022

2023

Secured loans

Total: €230.9 million

Unsecured loans (exclude RCF)

Total: €599.9 million

Unsecured RCF (drawn)

Total Facility: €150.0 million

104.5

148.5

82.4

310.0

165.0

150.0

Figure 10: CEREIT debt maturity (as at 31 March 2020)

09. ECONOMIC PILLAR

% of Total

Debt Drawn

26%

48%

17%

9%



34

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH












































































































































































































































The refreshed parking system was completed in May 

2019. Further significant car park works have been 

commissioned in 3Q 2019, with work scheduled for 

completion by the end of 1Q 2020. Climate control 

works are currently on tender.

Haagse Poort, Den Haag,  

The Netherlands

Central Plaza, Rotterdam,  

The Netherlands

Environmental due diligence during acquisitions  

As a best practice approach to sustainable investment, the Manager has incorporated EDD into the assessment 

phase of its investment process with the aim of gaining a more complete understanding of target assets’ 

environmental risks prior to acquisition. This approach ensures that CEREIT is well-positioned to anticipate and 

develop action plans to mitigate any environmental risks, which could have a material impact on its operational and 

financial performance. In FY 2019, 100% of new investments have been screened against environmental criteria. 

QUALITY OF ASSETS

In addition to acquiring assets, the Manager regularly evaluates existing assets for potential enhancement or 

redevelopment opportunities. Through participation in various industry associations, the management team also 

stays updated on emerging technological trends that could help improve the quality of its assets, particularly on 

enhancing occupant experience. Cromwell’s Head of Property Europe (CEREIT) is an active member of BuiltWorld’s 

(see www.builtworld.com) advisory board and a member of EPRA’s sustainability committee. 

In FY2019, CEREIT has embarked on several major asset enhancement initiatives as shown below.  





Major climate control upgrades as well as elevator 

upgrades have been underway during FY 2019 and are 

anticipated to complete in 1Q 2020. Additional initiatives 

were agreed with the anchor tenant-customer 

Nationale Nederlanden with respect to upgrades of the 

restaurant and common area, as well as sustainability 

measures such as electric bikes and charging stations 

for electric cars.

35

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019












































































































































































































































In order to secure a new lease with the architect who 

originally designed this landmark building, major 

capex investment has been undertaken that will add 

approximately 320 sqm of new space through a “top-

up glass box” to the approximately 60 sqm of existing 

space on the fifth floor. Further capital expenditure is 

expected for the refurbishment of the vacant third floor 

as well as general building upgrades, such as facade, 

climate control, lifts and roof. These conformity works 

are also expected to increase energy efficiency.

The site offers future potential for redevelopment 

and the Manager has initiated legal and technical 

studies to explore this opportunity in more detail. In 

the meantime, to protect the high occupancy level of 

the asset, some conformity works, roof maintenance 

and general interior improvement works have been 

undertaken.

Blaak 40, Rotterdam,  

The Netherlands

Parc des Docks, Saint Ouen, Paris, 

France

09. ECONOMIC PILLAR

 FY 2020 TARGETS

1 

4

5

2

3

STRIVE TO ACHIEVE MORE 

SUSTAINABLE DPU  

in the light of economic impact 

from the global COVID-19 outbreak 

PRIORITISE ONLY  

ESSENTIAL CAPEX 

and increase focus on operational 

COST SAVINGS

INCREASE  

CAPITAL SOURCES and 

extending debt maturity profile

IMPROVE FY 2019  

TENANT-CUSTOMER 

RETENTION RATE

MAINTAIN PORTFOLIO 

OCCUPANCY RATE at or above 

&gt;92.5% (adjusting occupancy 

forecasts for COVID-19 related 

tenancy risks)

36

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH








































































































































































































































10. GOVERNANCE PILLAR

 PERPETUAL TARGETS AND FY 2019 PERFORMANCE

CONTINUE TO COMPLY WITH SGX 

AND MAS GUIDING PRINCIPLES AND 

RECOMMENDATIONS 

ACHIEVED FOR 2019   

Continued to materially comply 

with applicable laws and 

regulations

ACHIEVED FOR 2019   

Zero confirmed cases of 

corruption, bribery, fraud or 

misappropriations 

ACHIEVED FOR 2019  / ONGOING FOR FY 2020

Conducted yearly testing; the plan 

is regularly updated. Implemented 

timely measures to mitigate 

business disruption due to the 

COVID-19 global outbreak

ACHIEVED FOR 2019   

1 

2

3

4

MAINTAIN GOOD COMPLIANCE RECORD

UPHOLD ZERO CONFIRMED CASES OF 

CORRUPTION, BRIBERY, FRAUD OR 

MISAPPROPRIATIONS

MAINTAIN AN EFFECTIVE BUSINESS 

CONTINUITY AND CRISIS MANAGEMENT PLAN

With strategic oversight provided by the Board, the 

Manager aspires to achieve the highest standards of 

corporate governance, ethical business conduct and 

regulatory compliance. The Manager aims to achieve 

these goals by establishing robust systems, frameworks 

and processes across CEREIT’s operations.

REGULATORY COMPLIANCE 

The Manager is committed to continuous improvement 

in corporate governance. The corporate governance 

section of the Annual Report from pages 140 to 165 

sets out the corporate governance practices for FY 2019 

with reference to the principles and provisions of the 

Code. For FY 2019, CEREIT has largely complied with all 

material aspects with the principles and provisions in 

the Code.

INTRODUCTION

The Manager has developed and, on an ongoing 

basis, maintains a number of policies and procedures 

designed to provide a firm foundation for a trusted and 

respected business enterprise. A senior management 

team member is accountable for each policy. The 

management team reviews the relevant policies 

regularly based on a risk-based approach, with critical 

policies reviewed at least annually and approved 

according to a delegation of authority set by the Board. 

Policies are communicated and implemented across 

CEREIT’s operations. Selected policies are detailed in 

Figure 11 on the following page. 

37

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019






































































































































































































































NAME OF POLICY / 

PROCEDURE

DESCRIPTION 

RISK MANAGEMENT

Enterprise Risk 

Management Policy 

Documents the Manager’s approach to proactive, enterprise-wide risk management. 

CEREIT’s ERM framework has been tailored to meet the risk management 

requirements and support CEREIT’s objectives. It is designed to identify potential 

events that may affect the organisation and manage risks within its risk appetite and 

ultimately provide assurance to its stakeholders regard.

Delegation of Authority

Authority matrix for signing contracts and agreements

COMPLIANCE

Code of Conduct 

 » Articulates the standards of honesty, integrity, ethical and law-abiding behaviour 

expected of Directors, officers and employees

 » Provides guidance on gifts and entertainment, confidentiality, fair dealing as well as 

handling misconduct (including harassment) and conflicts of interest or duty

Securities Trading Policy

 » Provides guidance on dealing in CEREIT related securities and / or any other shares, 

units, derivatives or other forms of securities as may be determined from time to time

Market Disclosure 

Protocol 

Ensures that:

 » CEREIT immediately discloses all price-sensitive information to the SGX-ST in 

accordance with the Listing Rules

 » All Unitholders have equal and timely access to material information concerning 

CEREIT, including its financial position, performance and major owners

Whistleblower Policy 

 » Encourages stakeholders to report any issues of concern (e.g. conflicts of interests, 

substantial environmental damage, breaches of law) without fear of reprisal

 » Chair of the Board is be responsible for ensuring that validated concerns are 

investigated in a timely manner with follow-up actions taken when necessary

 » Whistleblowing Statement is publicly available on the company website

Conflict of Interest

 » Emphasises CEREIT’s and the Manager’s commitment to business integrity and 

ensures that conflicts of interest are adequately dealt with

 » Fosters a culture of ethics, honesty and accountability amongst the Directors, 

officers, employees and representatives of CEREIT and the Manager on areas of 

ethical risk; and

 » Provides guidance to help the Manager in recognising and dealing with ethical 

issues

Figure 11: Non-exhaustive list of policies and practices

10. GOVERNANCE PILLAR

38

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH






































































































































































































































NAME OF POLICY / 

PROCEDURE

DESCRIPTION 

CEREIT Procedures for 

Price-Sensitive Projects

» Provides controls and governance measures in relation to transactions and

activities that have, or are likely to have, a material impact on the price of CEREIT

units, or other securities

INVESTMENTS / ASSET MANAGEMENT

Acquisition and disposal 

of assets

» Outlines key investment policies and procedures implemented by CEREIT to enter

into, execute and document investment transactions

Valuations 

» Outlines key valuation policies and procedures implemented by CEREIT to conduct

and document property valuation process

Asset Management

» Outlines key asset management practices, procedures and guidelines

FINANCE

Interested Person 

Transactions

» Ensures that all transactions with Interested Persons are appropriately identified

and authorised by the relevant parties to ensure that transactions comply with

applicable regulations and business objectives of CEREIT

» Ensures that all disclosures on transactions with Interested Persons are properly

identified, reviewed and duly disclosed, as required by the authorities

Hedging Policy

» Outlines processes and guidelines applied to the management of debt and

associated risks

Budgeting

» Outlines the key budgeting policies and guidelines for CEREIT

OPERATIONS

General Policy 

Maintenance

» Outlines the policies and procedures for developing, implementing and revising

CEREIT policies and procedures

Outsourcing  

Procedures

» Sets out the procedures to ensure compliance with MAS guidelines for financial

institutions on risk management of outsourcing arrangements

INVESTOR RELATIONS

Investor Relations Policy

» Outlines the principles and practices followed by the Manager to ensure regular,

effective and fair two-way communication with the investment community

39

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019






































































































































































































































SIGNIFICANT GLOBAL REGULATORY DEVELOPMENTS

In 2019, significant global regulatory changes affecting 

Cromwell’s operations were the UK Modern Slavery 

Act 2015 and Australia Modern Slavery Act 2018 which 

established additional reporting requirements for 

large organisations to respond to the risk of modern 

slavery in their operations and supply chains. Under 

both Acts, relevant organisations are required to 

publish a slavery and human trafficking statement on 

an annual basis. In response to these requirements,  

the Sponsor has published a Modern Slavery Act 

2015 Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement that 

is publicly available on Cromwell’s website (https://

www.cromwellpropertygroup.co.uk/__data/assets/

pdf_file/0026/27458/Modern-Slavery-Statement.pdf) 

and covers CEREIT’s European property management 

operations. Under the Australian Modern Slavery Act, 

Cromwell will be required to publish its first statement 

for the financial year to June 2020. The Manager’s 

approach to supplier and value chain engagement is 

captured on a Group level within the Governance Pillar 

of the Sponsor. Amongst others, the supplier code of 

conduct sets out Cromwell’s expectations of suppliers 

to comply with relevant laws including but not limited 

to those governing consumer protection, environment, 

social, anti-competition, human rights, modern slavery 

and health, safety and welfare laws. Service providers 

assessed to have higher risks in their supply chain in on 

their approach to modern slavery are generally required 

to sign a Supplier Code of Conduct which includes a 

modern slavery commitment prior to engagement or 

renewal.

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

The Manager maintains a zero-tolerance approach 

towards fraudulent, corrupt and unethical business 

practices and conduct. This stance is formalised and 

communicated via several policies, as highlighted in 

Figure 11. 

Policies, reviewed regularly on a risk-based approach, 

are communicated to all employees via emails 

throughout the year, along with the procedures for 

raising any concerns on policy breaches. In FY 2019, 

there were no incidents of corruption, bribery, fraud or 

misappropriations reported through the whistleblowing 

channel.

TRUST, TRANSPARENCY AND GOVERNANCE

Effective risk management is integral to the delivery 

of CEREIT’s strategy, especially during periods of 

increased competition and uncertainty. The risk 

management framework is designed to reduce the 

chances of financial and reputational loss and to enable 

timely reactions to opportunities when they arise. 

In FY 2018, the first year of operations post-IPO, one 

of the Manager’s key priorities was to establish an 

adequate and effective risk management system 

covering material financial, operational, compliance and 

IT risks. The Manager’s ERM framework takes reference 

from the Group’s and is aligned with leading industry 

practices and guidelines, including the Risk Governance 

Guidance for Listed Boards, Board Risk Committee 

Guide (2016) and SGX Listing Rule 1207(10). In FY 2019, 

the Manager updated its ERM framework further to 

align it with the newly-effective Singapore Code of 

Corporate Governance 2018. The Manager has also 

extended this framework to the Property Manager. The 

framework is reviewed annually to ensure continued 

relevance.  

BUSINESS CONTINUITY 

Cromwell has made significant investments over the 

last few years in systems and processes to ensure 

business continuity in the face of global market 

disruptions. The Manager has adopted the Group’s 

business continuity framework and further augmented 

it with relevant policies and procedures for business 

continuity consistent with MAS Business Continuity 

Management Guidelines, including developing and 

maintaining effective business continuity and crisis 

management plans. In FY 2019, the Manager conducted 

an annual review, update and testing of its BCP. In 

the light of the rapid escalation of COVID-19 global 

outbreak, the Manager has benefited from this early 

resilience planning and risk management measures. 

Since early February, the Manager has implemented a 

number of measures in its operations in keeping with 

its BCP as well as aligned with the latest government 

guidelines to keep operational disruptions to a 

minimum during the ongoing COVID-19 outbreak.  

10. GOVERNANCE PILLAR

40

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH






































































































































































































































CYBER-READINESS AND DATA GOVERNANCE

Information systems and networks are critical assets 

for CEREIT, the Manager and the Property Manager due 

to CEREIT’s cross-border operations and an increasing 

reliance on technology. IT security is essential to 

maintaining reputation, operational effectiveness and 

regulatory compliance requirements. 

The Manager operates within the Group’s IT 

infrastructure and its IT systems are supported by 

Cromwell’s technology infrastructure and IT team. 

Cromwell considers IT systems and networks critical 

assets and their security essential to maintaining 

operational effectiveness, financial accuracy, legal 

compliance and reputation. In the face of a wide variety 

of increasingly sophisticated security threats, including 

viruses, hackers, computer-assisted fraud, commercial 

espionage, industrial sabotage as well as crime and 

natural disasters, real-time agility and resilience 

against these threats protects Cromwell’s assets. 

Cromwell continues to invest in this area, in compliance 

with all regulatory requirements and is implementing a 

cyber-security awareness training plan across its global 

operations. The Manager also observes two major 

Group policies: IT Code of Practice for employees and 

Global IT Operating Policy for team members and third 

parties engaged to perform IT-related tasks. These 

policies set out the standards when performing work 

on Cromwell IT systems and infrastructure. Over the 

course of 2019, Cromwell has made significant progress 

towards achieving ISO certification of its information 

security management system (ISMS) with a path to 

complete ISO 27001 certification by FY 2020. 

With the growing concerns around security breaches 

and data theft, the Manager and the Sponsor are 

observing relevant data handling and protection 

practices that are in line with corresponding laws. The 

Manager is pleased to highlight that there were no 

breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer 

data across countries of operations during the year. 

  PERPETUAL TARGETS

  FY 2020 TARGETS

CONTINUE TO COMPLY WITH  

APPLICABLE LAWS AND 

REGULATIONS (FY 2020)

MAINTAIN PUBLIC DISCLOSURE RATING OF 

‘A’ as measured by GRESB

UPHOLD ZERO CONFIRMED CASES OF  

CORRUPTION, 

BRIBERY, FRAUD OR 

MISAPPROPRIATIONS

MAINTAIN AN  

EFFECTIVE BUSINESS 

CONTINUITY AND CRISIS 

MANAGEMENT PLAN  

(FY 2020)

1 

3

2

4

5

MAINTAIN A  

CLEAN COMPLIANCE 

RECORD (FY 2020)

41

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019




















































































































































































































































11. STAKEHOLDERS PILLAR

 FY 2019 TARGETS AND PERFORMANCE

TENANT-CUSTOMERS: IMPROVE BENCHMARK TENANT-CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT SCORE FOR CEREIT  

BY AT LEAST 5% 

ACHIEVED 

• Satisfaction as occupier improved from 64% to 69%

• Satisfaction with asset management improved from 71% to 76% 

• NPS8 improved from -7.5 to -1.4, as compared to an industry average of -6.8

ACHIEVED 

The Group and Manager 

maintained active memberships 

in several industry associations, 

notably EPRA, REITAS and IRPAS

1 

4

ACHIEVED 

• ~150 meetings (+5% y-o-y) with &gt; 360 institutional investors (+28% y-o-y) and 

&gt; 60 analysts (+20%)

• Engaged with &gt; 650 retail investors

2

INVESTORS - MAINTAIN OR IMPROVE THE LEVEL OF INVESTOR ENGAGEMENT AND THE NUMBER  

OF BRIEFINGS AND MEETINGS WITH INVESTORS IN 2019 

ACHIEVED  

Social and community strategy for FY 2020 has been developed  

3

ESTABLISH LONG-TERM COMMUNITY PROGRAMME FOR CEREIT MANAGER (BY THE END OF FY 2020)

MAINTAIN ACTIVE MEMBERSHIPS AND INVOLVEMENT IN KEY INDUSTRY ASSOCIATIONS

8 A Net Promoter Score is a metric which measures the loyalty of 

customers to a company. The NPS is measured through a survey and 

reported with a number ranging from -100 to +100. It is calculated by 

subtracting percentage of Detractors from the percentage of Promoters. 

Customers who provide a score from 0-6 are categorized as detractors, 

passives would rate 7-8 and promoters would rate 9-10

42

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH






















































































































































































































































TENANT-CUSTOMERS 

The Manager adopts a ‘customer focus’ approach to 

stakeholder engagement for CEREIT. Recognising that 

the long-term success and growth of CEREIT depends 

heavily on high tenant-customer satisfaction levels 

and retention rates, the Manager has formalised an 

annual voice-of-customer feedback study across its 

portfolio since FY 2018. In its first study conducted in 

FY 2018, the Manager gained valuable insights of its 

tenant-customers’ expectations and these insights 

were incorporated in the asset management teams’ 

respective action plans. As a starting point, CEREIT’s 

score of -7.5 NPS8 in FY 2018 set up a good benchmark 

for improvement with a goal to increase by at least 5% in 

FY 2019. This year, the Manager reported an NPS of -1.4, 

well above the industry average of -6.8. 

In FY 2019, the participation from the tenant-customers 

nearly doubled with 81 participants from Denmark, 

Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Poland and the 

Netherlands, representing approximately 52% of rental 

income. Overall, 71% of participants continued to 

find CEREIT easy to work with and were satisfied as 

an occupier. Similarly, an increased satisfaction with 

asset managers of 82% from last year was recorded, 

likely caused by significantly improved frequency of 

communication between asset managers and tenant-

customers. With enhancements in security measures 

implemented this year as a result of direct feedback 

received in the inaugural customer survey, the portfolio 

manager also recorded 31% improvement in 

satisfaction scores for reception and security 

aspects (from 58 to 76).

A detailed analysis of the survey results 

was shared with asset managers in each 

country and to help them identify areas 

of strengths and improvement. Specific 

areas such as responsiveness, 

communication, satisfaction 

with facility managers and 

providing support to tenant-

customers for achieving their own sustainability targets 

have been marked out as improvement opportunities 

in FY 2020. In acknowledgement of CEREIT’s growth 

in assets, the Manager and the Portfolio Manager will 

also increase and broaden the number of participants 

included in future surveys. 

INVESTORS 

CEREIT proactively engages with the investment 

community through regular, effective and fair two-way 

communication.

The Manager is committed to keeping all Unitholders 

and other stakeholders regularly informed about 

CEREIT’s financial results and operating performance 

and update the market immediately on any change in its 

business that could materially affect the price or value 

of the Units, in order to assist Unitholders and investors 

in their investment decisions. The Manager has a 

dedicated investor relations team that runs a proactive 

investor outreach programme. CEREIT’s investor 

communications activities are governed by (1) investor 

relations policy and (2) market disclosure protocol. The 

investor relations policy outlines the principles and 

practices followed by the Manager to ensure regular, 

effective and fair two-way communication with the 

investment community. The market disclosure protocol 

ensures that CEREIT immediately discloses all price-

sensitive information to the SGX-ST in accordance with 

the Listing Rules and that all Unitholders have 

equal and timely access to material information 

concerning CEREIT, including its financial 

position, performance, ownership and 

governance, subject to the Listing Rules.

Throughout the year, various 

engagement activities were held to 

proactively communicate key updates 

on operational and financial 

performance, CEREIT’s strategy 

and initiatives to the investment 

community. In addition to 

43

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019






































































































































































































































formal financial results briefings and dialogues, the 

Manager also communicates operational and financial 

performance updates, CEREIT’s strategy and initiatives 

and solicits the investment community’s views 

through various means, such as investor relations and 

senior management team participation in local and 

regional conferences, one-on-one meetings, group 

teleconferences, site visits as well as post-results 

investor briefings. In FY 2019, the investor relations and 

the management team conducted more than  

150 briefings and meetings across three continents 

in nine countries (Singapore, Hong Kong, Thailand, 

Malaysia, Republic of South Korea, Japan, Australia, 

Israel, Taiwan, the Netherlands and the U.K),  

engaging with more than 360 institutional investors, 

private wealth advisors, individual investors and 

investment bank research analysts. The management 

team also engaged with more than 650 retail  

investors through four public investor forums, 

including the AGM.

The current CEREIT Unitholder register is diverse and 

comprises more than 2,900 investors, with approximately 

65% based in Singapore and the other 35% from the 

U.K., the Netherlands, Germany, the Nordics, Republic 

of South Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Japan, Thailand, 

Malaysia, Australia, Philippines, the U.S. and Canada. 

More than 13% of Unitholders are institutional investors. 

Since IPO, the investor relations team has worked 

tirelessly to transform CEREIT’s Unitholder register 

and increase support from global institutional investors 

though proactive investor relations engagement.

11. STAKEHOLDERS PILLAR





SGX-ST MARKET OPENING CEREMONY

CEREIT commemorated its second anniversary since 

IPO with a ceremonial striking of the gong at the opening 

of the market on the Singapore Stock Exchange on 6 

December 2019. This was a great opportunity for more 

than 80 representatives of CEREIT’s various stakeholder 

groups – investors, industry partners, professional 

service providers, team members, the Board, members 

of the global leadership team of the Sponsor and 

community partners – to celebrate this momentous 

occasion. The day’s events featured opening remarks 

by Matthew Song (Head of Corporate and Institutional 

Clients, SGX), followed by speeches by Lim Swe Guan, 

Chair of the Board of Directors and Paul Weightman, 

CEO of Cromwell Property Group and Executive Director 

of Director of Cromwell EREIT Management. The event’s 

highlights included a fund-raiser and a heart-warming 

choral performance by the children of Child at Street 11, 

one of the Manager’s adopted community partners.

44

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH






































































































































































































































INAUGURAL YEAR OF OPERATIONS

INAUGURAL - REACTIVE 

 »  Focused on identification of  

causes / charities:

 » Children and youth at risk

 » Support for people with disabilities 

 » Ageing and palliative care

IMPLEMENTATION OF LONG-TERM 

COMMUNITY STRATEGY

PROACTIVE 

 » Set up a grassroots social and 

community committee 

 » Increased charitable donations

 » Involved employees in deeper levels 

of engagement with the charities 

EXPANSION OF LONG-TERM 

COMMUNITY STRATEGY

PROACTIVE WITH A FOCUS ON 

ENGAGEMENT AND VOLUNTEERISM

 »  Deepen engagement with  charities 

and increase involvement from 

contributions to employee engagement  

 » Implement Employee Volunteer 

Programme

INDUSTRY PARTNERSHIPS

The Manager remains active in contributing 

to industry associations and supporting 

employees in individual memberships. 

Notably, the Manager has representatives on 

the Regulatory Committee and the PropTech 

and Innovation Committee of EPRA and on 

the Promotional and Regulatory committees 

of REITAS. 

A list of memberships held by CEREIT is 

shown below.

Figure 12: List of memberships held by 

CEREIT 

Association memberships

 » APREA (Asia Pacific Real Estate 

Association)

 » European Public Real Estate Association 

(EPRA)

 » Investor Relations Professionals 

Association Singapore (IRPAS)

 » REIT Association of Singapore (REITAS)

 » Singapore Business Federation (SBF)

 » Singapore Institute of Directors (SID) 

COMMUNITY  

The Manager is committed to supporting 

community development in meaningful ways 

and in FY 2019 developed its strategy to long-

term community engagement. The figure 

on the right illustrates the process of the 

strategy development and implementation.  

In line with the Group’s community 

engagement framework, there are three 

categories through which the Manager 

looks to make a difference in its local 

community. 

FY2018  

FY2019

FY2020

Figure 13: CEREIT’s journey towards long-term community 

engagement and development

45

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019








































































































































































































































Children of  

Child at Street 11

11. STAKEHOLDERS PILLAR

 » The Employee Volunteer Programme (EVP). The 

programme grants two days of paid leave each year 

to encourage employees to engage in community 

activities and support causes that are important 

to them. The EVP is an important platform for our 

employees to support community organisations with 

their professional knowledge, skills and experience. 

The Manager made a number of visits to Child at 

Street 11, a non-profit dedicated to providing quality 

early-years education for low-income families as 

part of this programme, with the most memorable 

undoubtedly being the visit by our very own Christina 

Tham, Head of Legal, Compliance and Company 

Secretarial of the Manager and twice gold medalist in 

the 2019 South East Asian Games.

 » Team effort in fundraising and community 

participation. FY 2019 first saw the setup of the 

grassroots social and community committee. The 

Committee is chaired on a rotating basis and is tasked 

to implement and expand on the long-term strategy 

moving forward.

 » Corporate contributions. These include sponsorships 

and events in partnership with various selected 

charity, community or industry bodies. The Manager 

actively supports and is involved with four charities:  

 » Child at Street 11, providing access to early 

childhood education for underprivileged children 

 » Epworth Community Services who support at-

risk children with educational, social and moral 

development 

 » Rainbow Centre, an organization creating 

opportunities for people with disabilities; and 

 » Geylang East Home for the Aged who provide a 

home for elderly individuals in need 

 

During the year, a total of S$16,450 was contributed 

through direct donations and fundraising activities 

across the four existing charities – a 37% increase 

from the year before.

46

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH








































































































































































































































2

5

6

MAINTAIN OR INCREASE  

NUMBER OF INDEXES  

in which CEREIT is included 

47

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019






































































































































































































































FY 2018

 PERFORMANCE

FY 2019

 TARGETS

12. PEOPLE PILLAR

Values are at the core of Cromwell’s operations and the Manager has adopted the Group’s core values – Principled, 

Respectful and Responsible – in its day-to-day operations. Alignment with Group values is an integral part of the 

performance appraisal process for all team members. 

INTRODUCTION

 FY 2019 TARGETS AND PERFORMANCE

ACHIEVE MORE THAN 75% PARTICIPATION 

FROM THE CEREIT MANAGER TEAM IN THE 

GROUP EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT SURVEY

1 

2

INCREASE CEREIT MANAGER L&amp;D HOURS 

BY AT LEAST 5%

ACHIEVED 

L&amp;D hours per employee increased

SIX-FOLD Y-O-Y TO  

22 HRS ON AVERAGE 

as compared to three hours in 

FY2018. 

ACHIEVED  

92% PARTICIPATION 

from the CEREIT Manager team in 

the Group employer engagement 

survey, with an engagement score 

of 69% (two points above the Group 

average of 67%)

Responsible

We are respectful of others. 

We are humble and 

empathetic, working 

collegiately to look after  

our stakeholders

We are accountable to 

our stakeholders. We are 

diligent and committed to 

continuous improvement 

and building a sustainable 

and resilient business 

Principled

We are principled. We set the 

standards and have the 

courage to do what is right, 

when we think it is right 

Respectful

Figure 14: The Sponsor’s corporate values

48

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH






































































































































































































































EMPLOYEE PROFILE

FY 2019

5  

NEW HIRES

1

4

FY 2018

 PERFORMANCE

FY 2019

 TARGETS

Figure 16: Number and rate of new hires by gender and age 

The Manager and the Property Manager of CEREIT are 

wholly owned subsidiaries of the Sponsor. The Sponsor, 

Cromwell Property Group, is a global real estate owner 

and investment manager that has been listed in its 

current form on the ASX since 2006. As at 31 December 

2019, the Sponsor had an AUM of approximately  

€11.9 billion and over 350 employees across 29 offices 

in 14 countries. 

‘Attract and retain the right people’ was identified by 

Cromwell as the most critical material topic under 

the People Pillar for FY 2019. Attracting and retaining 

the right people requires a strong employer brand and 

compelling employee value proposition, encompassing 

recognition, growth and flexibility, in order to position 

itself as an employer of choice in its key markets.

Aligned with the Group approach, the Manager has 

prioritised the attraction, retention and development 

of people who are aligned with Cromwell’s corporate 

FY 2019

FY 

2018

FY 

2019

FY 2018

15 

EMPLOYEES

10  

EMPLOYEES

Permanent

30-50

Temporary

Below 30

Above 50

20%

60%

20%

FY 2018

 PERFORMANCE

FY 2019

 TARGETS

Figure 15: CEREIT’s employee profile by employment contract and gender 

The Manager’s team has extensive and varied functional 

experience and specifically European real estate and 

Singapore REIT management experience. As at 31 

December 2019, the Manager has grown its team to 

15 employees, 13 of whom are on full-time contracts. 

There were five new hires and zero resignations during 

the year. 

Further breakdown of employee profile and new hires is 

detailed in Figures 15 and 16 below. 

values and who have the skills and capability to help 

CEREIT execute its strategy. In keeping with the 

Group’s practices, the Manager provides a competitive 

remuneration package in line with industry standards, 

while providing a working environment conducive to both 

personal and professional growth. 

The Manager’s remuneration package includes benefits 

such as life and health insurance, complimentary annual 

health checks, parental leave, mandatory retirement 

contributions as well as stock ownership available to 

TALENT ATTRACTION, RETENTION AND CAREER DEVELOPMENT 

2

4

13

6

49

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019






































































































































































































































selected employees. Benefits are further tailored in 

accordance with local labour regulations and acts. 

Formal performance appraisals are conducted at least 

once a year, where employees are evaluated on their 

work performance as well as their alignment with 

company values. Discussions on performance are 

held informally on a regular basis to ensure that any 

improvement areas are addressed in a timely manner. 

In FY 2019, 100% of employees have received regular 

performance reviews.

To effectively manage its P&amp;C matters, Cromwell 

progressively rolled out Workday - a human capital 

management software providing a single platform for 

KEY TRAINING 

PRIORITIES

GOALS

EXAMPLES OF TRAINING CONDUCTED IN FY 2019 

Compliance 

Meet legislative requirements in 

the countries of operation through 

compulsory learning

 » Cromwell people compliance series:

 » Anti-bullying and harassment

 » Anti-discrimination

 » Workplace health and safety

 » Modern slavery awareness

 » Diversity and inclusion

 » In-house compliance and legal sessions on anti-money 

laundering, code of conduct

 » External sessions on industry rules and regulations

Leadership

Encourage a high-performance 

culture, structured and targeted to 

varying levels of leadership 

 » Various leadership trainings for supervisors, middle 

management, head of functions as well as change 

management modules

 » Supported by coaching

Core Skills 

Build core skills capability 

 » People: interpersonal skills, stakeholder management, 

presentation

 » IT: proficiency on MS Office software

 » Specialised: finance and business-related training (i.e. 

financial forecasting)

Professional 

Development 

Increasing knowledge and enabling 

cross sector awareness 

 » Knowledge-sharing sessions through participation at 

networking events, seminars and conferences

 » Regular participation in courses provided by industry 

associations and bodies such as REITAS and SID

Personal 

Development

Supporting personal development

 » Personal development topics including the Cromwell 

Wellbeing Education Series

Study Support 

Advancing and building technical /

professional capability 

 » Sponsorship to attain further certifications

employee engagement and supporting its commitment 

to life-long learning and development. The Manager’s 

team has adopted Workday proactively, resulting in a 

significant uptake of training amongst all employees 

over the course of FY 2019. The average training hours 

per employee increased six-fold to about 22 hours per 

person as compared to 3.5 hours on average in FY 2018, 

with more regular training offered to all team members. 

When fully operationalised, its L&amp;D module with 5,000 

courses will bring rigour to the training application and 

approvals processes and allow for improved monitoring 

and measurement of employee training globally.

Figure 17: Examples of training organised in FY 2019 under the learning@cromwell framework 

12. PEOPLE PILLAR

50

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH






































































































































































































































SAFE AND TRUSTING WORK ENVIRONMENT 

Cromwell is committed to looking after its people by 

providing a safe environment for all employees. The 

Manager maintains a zero-tolerance stance on any 

forms of workplace harassment and has also adopted all 

applicable Group P&amp;C policies as listed below. Employees 

could reach out to their immediate supervisors or raise 

their concerns on P&amp;C matters through the formalised 

grievance procedure. 

In FY 2019, the Manager recorded no cases of P&amp;C-related 

concerns raised through the grievance channels. 

CEREIT’s P&amp;C policies comprise the following:

1. 

Employment - related policies covering:

A. Recruitment and selection

B. Employee referral

C. Termination 

2. 

Career development – related policies covering:

A. Training and development

B. Performance management and improvement 

3. 

Sexual harassment policy 

4. 

Social media policy 

5. 

Grievance procedure for all P&amp;C-related matters

GROUP EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT SURVEY 

Each year, the Group conducts an annual employee 

engagement survey to measure overall engagement, 

get feedback on what’s going well, what we can do 

better and how we can improve as a business. The 

survey is designed to provide a formalised opportunity 

to provide feedback, assisting the further development 

of our People Pillar strategies over the forthcoming 12 

months. 

In FY 2019, 92% of the Manager’s team participated in 

the survey and gave an average engagement score of 

69% (two points above the group average of 67%).

The key focus areas of engagement identified include 

opportunities for growth, recognition of achievements, 

leadership example, an equitable and fair workplace 

and values driven. These key areas will 

continue to be a focus over 

the next few years.

 FY 2020 TARGETS



Global

Engagement 

Benchmark

Score





D

e

s

t

r

u

c

ti

v

e

I

n

d

i

f

f

e

r

e

n

t

S

e

r

io

u

s

H

i

g

h

 

P

e

r

f

o

r

m

i

n

g

B

e

s

t 

E

m

p

l

o

y

e

r

s

45

30

0

ENGAGEMENT 

GLOBAL

BENCHMARK

65

67

100

Cromwell’s 

Engagement 

Score 



CEREIT

Manager

69

ACHIEVE CEREIT MANAGER EMPLOYEE 

ENGAGEMENT SCORE IN  

FY 2020 AT OR ABOVE  

Group employee engagement 

score level 

ACHIEVE CEREIT MANAGER  

L&amp;D HOURS AT OR ABOVE  

Group target of average of 20 hours 

per employee 

1 

2

51

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019






































































































































































































































13. ENVIRONMENT PILLAR

INTRODUCTION

Aligned with the Group’s strategy, the Manager and 

the Property Managers are committed to improving 

operational performance of CEREIT’s assets while 

actively minimising the environmental impact its 

business may bring to the communities it operates in. 

The Environment Pillar owner oversees the various 

sustainability-related initiatives in asset management 

and property operations across CEREIT’s portfolio. 

These include timely identification of environmental 

risks, gathering reliable and accurate performance data 

via robust systems as well as the adoption of meaningful 

global benchmarks. All these efforts allow CEREIT to 

identify areas for further improvements and manage 

costs and environmental impact efficiently, in order to 

provide secure returns for its Unitholders. 

ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT PROGRAMME

In FY 2018, the Manager engaged an external consultant 

to implement an EM programme for selected light 

industrial / logistics assets located in Germany, France, 

Denmark and the Netherlands. The programme 

focused on significant environmental hazards that 

require immediate action such as detecting presence 

 FY 2019 TARGETS AND PERFORMANCE

OBTAIN BREEAM FOR TEN PROPERTIES IN 

FY 2019 AND FY 2020

ON TRACK

In FY 2019, CEREIT attained nine 

BREEAM certifications and one 

LEED certification, bringing the 

total of green building certifications 

in its portfolio to 11 BREEAM (seven 

in the Netherlands and four in 

France) and one LEED (Poland) as 

at end of 31 December 2019 

ACHIEVED  

100% of CEREIT’s assets have 

attained EPCs with a minimum of 

“C” score for Dutch office assets

1 

2

OBTAIN EPCs FOR ALL ASSETS WHERE 

LEGALLY REQUIRED

of asbestos or potential soil and groundwater 

contamination for all assets. Since the introduction of 

the EM programme, CEREIT has seen improvements 

across selected assets with no major environmental 

issues detected. 

In FY 2019, the sustainability team moved to the second 

phase of the EM programme where the consultant 

conducted inspections for assets with lower-risk issues 

and followed up on outstanding issues from the first 

phase. During these inspections, identified issues were 

discussed directly with tenant-customers. Thereafter, 

recommendations were assigned to individual property 

managers to address, with the consultant’s assistance 

where necessary. Through a proprietary real-time 

environmental tracking tool, all relevant stakeholders 

were updated on upcoming inspections, audits as 

well as results from the scheduled inspections. Close 

monitoring and tracking of sustainability-related 

performance continues and recommendations will 

be implemented where applicable. Positive feedback 

has been received from tenant-customers for this 

programme. They were pleased to see such EM audits 

rolled out and expressed support for such practices to 

continue in the future.

52

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH






































































































































































































































 ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE 

Starting from this Sustainability Report, the Manager 

will align CEREIT’s environmental data reporting with its 

annual GRESB submission. All information on electricity, 

gas, GHG emissions, water and waste generation has 

been verified by external independent consultants 

– Longevity Partners – in accordance to AA1000 

Assurance Standard (AA1000AS 2008) and GRI G4 

Reporting Principles. The assurance process includes 

the verification of reported environmental data with the 

data source, explanation on collection and calculation 

methods, criteria and assumptions, as well as cross-

checking with previous published data. FY 2018 GRESB 

submission was confirmed to be an adequate level of 

reliability and accuracy.

Asset Managers monitored consumption and set 

appropriate targets for all directly-managed properties 

that were included in the FY 2018 GRESB submission. 

While the property manager was unable to do the same 

for indirectly-managed properties (under single leases 

or master leases), the team worked with the tenant-

customers to collect environmental performance data 

where possible, on a best-effort basis. 

Energy management 

The energy consumption included purchased grid 

electricity, district heating and fuel usage, resulting in a 

total of 116,599 MWh of energy. The total GHG emissions 

were 30,487 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent. 97% 

of the GHG emissions (29,609 tonnes) were directly 

attributable to tenant-customer’s daily activities9. 

The Property Manager continues to improve the 

renewable energy mix across CEREIT’s portfolio. In 

FY 2018, approximately 22%  of total energy used in 

CEREIT was renewable. In Denmark, Germany and the 

Netherlands, CEREIT, the Property Manager, purchased 

100% renewable energy where it has managed energy 

connections10. Similarly, for assets in France and 

Finland, the Property Manager acquired 100% low 

carbon intensive energy contracts for managed energy 

connections11. Moving forward, the intention is to 

increase renewable energy procurement for Poland and 

Italy, subject to availability. 

No. 

Site / Country 

Progress / Improvement 

1

France – Parc d’Osny

Since the decommissioning of the underground storage tank, the 

consultant undertook two further site inspections accompanied by a 

tank specialist and uncovered two further underground storage tanks. 

The consultant then arranged for the decommissioning and engaged 

a specialist to certify the process, formally closing off this significant 

issue. 

2

The Netherlands – Deventer  

Further site investigation and research by the consultant reduced worst 

case remediation costs by over 90%. 

3

Denmark  

Collation of asbestos documentation across the portfolio as well as 

review of properties for energy certification is still ongoing. 

Figure 18: Lower risks identified and addressed during phase 2 of EM programme 

9 Grid emission factors have been obtained where possible by local utility suppliers and supplemented with data from European Environment Agency (EEA), where 

latest published data is available for FY 2016

10 Managed energy connections refer to the scenario where the electricity is procured by the Property Manager. CEREIT does  not have managed energy connections 

for all managed properties as tenant-customers have options to procure energy directly from local power generators 

11 Low carbon intensive energy refers to electricity mix with more than 90% nuclear power. According to the GRI Standards, nuclear power is not classified as a 

renewable energy; hence, not included in the total renewable energy reported

53

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019






































































































































































































































13. ENVIRONMENT PILLAR

0

10,000

20,000

30,000

40,000

50,000

60,000

70,000

80,000

90,000

100,000

90,000

100,000

0

10,000

20,000

30,000

40,000

50,000

60,000

70,000

80,000

Non-operational 

control

Operational

control

Total GHG Emissions

Total Energy Consumption

Energy Consumption (’000 KWh)

Total GHG Emissions (tonnes CO₂e)

Figure 19: Breakdown of energy consumption and GHG emissions of assets by control

Figure 20: Breakdown of total area of CEREIT portfolio 

by operational control (2018)

116,599

30,487

93,459

25,153

23,140

5,334

1,380,819 sqm

37%

63%

FY 2018

 PERFORMANCE

FY 2019

 TARGETS

FY 2018

 PERFORMANCE

FY 2019

 TARGETS

1,017,470 sqm

28%

72%

Operational control

Operational control

Operational control

Non-operational control

Non-operational control

Non-operational 

control

Figure 21:  Breakdown of total area of CEREIT portfolio 

covered in energy reporting by operational control (2018)



54

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH






































































































































































































































WASTE MANAGEMENT 

In FY 2019, CEREIT generated a total of 20,025 tonnes 

of waste across 29 assets, of which approximately 97% 

was non-hazardous waste. The majority of the non-

hazardous waste was diverted from incineration and 

landfills with 45% and 38% of total non-hazardous 

waste sent to waste-to-energy plants and recycling 

respectively. All hazardous waste produced from its 

directly-managed assets was responsibly disposed of by 

certified third-party contractors. 

Figure 22: Non-hazardous waste generation and 

disposal approaches by control (2018)

Figure 23: Total area of CEREIT portfolio covered in  

waste reporting by control (2018)

The 29 assets included 25 assets over which the 

Manager had operational control and four assets over 

which the Manager did not have operational control. 

Together, they represented 535,508 sqm (34%) of 

CEREIT’s portfolio. Of the total portfolio covered under 

waste reporting, assets under operational control and 

assets under no operational control accounted for 91% 

and 9% respectively. 

FY 2018

 PERFORMANCE

FY 2019

 TARGETS

Operational control

Operational control

Waste-to-energy

Recycling

Incineration

Others

Non-operational control

Non-operational 

control

592

535,508 sqm

9%

91%

20,000

18,000

16,000

14,000

12,000

10,000

8,000

6,000

4,000

2,000

0

8,752

7,302

2,737

76



Waste Generated (tonnes)

55

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019






































































































































































































































SUSTAINABLE BUILDING CERTIFICATIONS 

Real estate assets account for approximately 40% of 

European Union’s energy consumption and 36% of 

GHG emissions are attributed to construction, usage, 

renovation and demolition. EPC is a European-wide 

rating scheme used to summarise the energy efficiency 

of buildings, as set out in the European Energy Directive 

(EED). EPCs are rated from A to G, ranking energy 

performance from best to least efficient. Under the 

rating scheme, all buildings are issued an EPC upon 

completion, prior to sale or leasing. Additionally, EED 

stipulates mandatory inspection schemes for heating 

and air conditioning systems to be established as well. 

In FY 2019, CEREIT achieved its target of obtaining 

EPCs for 100% of its portfolio and met a minimum of 

C ranking for its Dutch office assets. To date, over 58% 

Dutch assets by NLA are rated A in EPC. 

Besides minimum certification, the Manager aims to 

obtain best practice sustainability certifications for 

buildings such as BREEAM, LEED and WELL. Currently, 

CEREIT has 11 BREEAM green building certifications 

(seven in the Netherlands and four in France) and one 

LEED certified building within the portfolio.  

Country

Asset

BREEAM / LEED12

CERTIFICATION RATING  

AND SCORE 13

France

Parc de Béziers

BREEAM - Asset 

Good, 48%

Parc de Sully

BREEAM - Asset 

Good, 52%

Parc de Meslay

BREEAM - Asset 

Pass, 38%

Parc du Vélodrôme

BREEAM - Asset 

Good, 45%

The Netherlands

Blaak, Rotterdam

BREEAM - Asset 

BREEAM - Building Management

Good, 43% 

Good, 40%

Central Plaza, Rotterdam

BREEAM - Asset 

BREEAM - Building Management

Good, 51% 

Good, 42%

Haagse Poort, The Hague

BREEAM - Asset 

BREEAM - Building Management

Very Good, 58% 

Good, 48%

Koningskade, The Hague

BREEAM - Asset

Excellent, 73%

MT Laan, Utrecht

BREEAM - Asset 

BREEAM - Building Management

Very Good, 56% 

Good, 41%

Bastion, Den Bosche

BREEAM - Asset 

BREEAM - Building Management

Very Good, 62% 

Good, 46%

Ruyterkade, Amsterdam

BREEAM - Asset

Pass, 37%

Poland

Poznań

LEED for New Construction

Not applicable 

12   The BREEAM assessment process consists of three parts which can be conducted in isolation. Part 1 - Asset refers to the performance of the asset; Part 2 – 

Building Management refers to the management of the asset; Part 3- Occupier Management refers to the management of building users and services 

 13 BREEAM scores are categorized across six ratings: Unclassified (&lt;10%); Acceptable (≥ 10 to &lt;25%); Pass (≥ 25 to &lt;40%); Good (≥ 40 to &lt;55%); Very Good (≥ 55 to 

&lt;70%); Excellent (≥ 70 to &lt;85%); and Outstanding (≥85%). The scores reflected here were rounded up to the nearest whole number

13. ENVIRONMENT PILLAR

Figure 24: List of assets and respective certifications

56

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH








































































































































































































































PRECAUTIONARY PRINCIPLE

Aligned with the Sponsor’s climate change strategy, CEREIT acknowledges UN Principle 15’s approach in 

applying a precautionary principle when considering the physical impacts of a changing climate: where there 

are threats of serious or irreversible damage, including severe weather events, rising sea levels and shifting 

temperature zones, a lack of full scientific certainty will not be used as a reason for postponing cost-effective 

measures to prevent environmental degradation.

Cromwell is committed to minimising the environmental impact associated with corporate operations through 

firstly, incrementally reducing emission intensities year-on-year and secondly, through the offsetting of 

corporate emissions. 

The Manager has conducted a climate risk assessment for over 90 properties in CEREIT’s portfolio based on 

the geography of each site. The properties were evaluated for their exposures to climate-related risks such 

as lightning, floods, hailstorms. The assessment will be used for asset enhancements and other operational 

decisions (e.g. insurance coverage).

 FY 2020 TARGETS

 FIVE-YEAR TARGETS

1 

2 

3

IMPROVE  

GRESB SCORE BY AT 

LEAST 5%

 

OBTAIN BREEAM GREEN BUILDING 

CERTIFICATIONS FOR AT LEAST  

FIVE MORE PROPERTIES  

IN FY 2020 

SETUP A PROGRAMME TO FURTHER 

IMPROVE EPC RATINGS WITH THE AIM 

TO  

ACHIEVE RATING C OR 

BETTER IN THE  

MEDIUM-TERM  

(three to five years) for all 

assets where economically 

feasible

57

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019






































































































































































































































14. APPENDICES

GRI CONTENT INDEX

General Standard Disclosures

GRI Standard 

Disclosure

Section of Report and / or Explanation 

for Omission

Pg.

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

Organisational Profile 

102-1

Name of the organisation

About CEREIT

12

102-2

Activities, brands, products and 

services

About CEREIT

12-15

102-3

Location of headquarters

About CEREIT

12-15

102-4

Location of operations

About CEREIT

12-15

102-5

Ownership and legal form

About CEREIT

12-15

102-6

Markets served

About CEREIT

12-15

102-7

Scale of the organisation

About CEREIT 

People Pillar – Employee Profile

12-15 

49

102-8

Information on employees and 

other workers

People Pillar – Employee Profile

49

102-9

Supply chain

Approach to Sustainability – Approach to 

Stakeholder Engagement

Governance Pillar – Significant Global 

Regulatory Developments

24

40

The Manager ensures sustainability across its 

supply chain as well as CEREIT’s. The Manager’s 

supply chain comprises professional service 

providers of banking, audit, tax, legal, IT, tenant-

customer satisfaction surveys, media relations 

and other services. These corporate service 

contractors are mostly local firms in Singapore 

and Europe. CEREIT’s property management 

services are sourced at respective operating 

European country level.

102-10

Significant changes to the 

organisation and its supply chain

No significant changes to CEREIT and its supply 

chain

102-11

Precautionary Principle or 

Approach

Environment Pillar – Climate Change 

Risk Assessment

57

102-12

External Initiatives

CEREIT does not participate in any external 

initiatives

102-13

Membership of Associations

Stakeholders Pillar - Industry 

Partnerships

45

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior 

decision-maker

Board Statement  

CEO’s Message

8 

9-11

58

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH






































































































































































































































General Standard Disclosures

GRI Standard 

Disclosure

Section of Report and / or Explanation 

for Omission

Pg.

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

Ethics and Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards and 

norms of behaviour

About CEREIT 

People Pillar - Introduction

12-15 

48

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

Approach to Sustainability – Sustainability 

Framework and Governance

20

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Approach to Sustainability – Approach to 

Stakeholder Engagement

24-25

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

None of the Manager’s employees are covered 

under collective bargaining agreements

102-42

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders

Approach to Sustainability – Approach to 

Stakeholder Engagement

24-25

102-43

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement

Approach to Sustainability – Approach to 

Stakeholder Engagement

24-25

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Approach to Sustainability – Approach to 

Stakeholder Engagement

24-25

Reporting Practice

102-45

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial statements

2019 Annual Report

238

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries

About the Report – Reporting Framework 

and Boundaries

16-17

102-47

List of material topics

Approach to Sustainability 

20-23

102-48

Restatements of information

About the Report – Reporting Framework 

and Boundaries - Environment

17

102-49

Changes in reporting

About the Report – Reporting Framework 

and Boundaries - Environment

17

102-50

Reporting period

1 January 2019 – 31 December 2019

102-51

Date of most recent report

31 May 2019 

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report

About the Report

18

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance 

with the GRI Standards

About the Report - Reporting Framework 

and Boundaries

16

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index

58-63

102-56

External assurance

About the Report – Reporting Principles

18

59

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019






































































































































































































































14. APPENDICES

Material Topics

GRI Standard 

Disclosure

Section of Report and / or 

Explanation for Omission

Pg.

Sustainable Economic Value Creation 

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

About the Report – Reporting 

Framework and Boundaries 

Approach to Sustainability – Key 

Material Topics Informing FY 2019 

Objectives 

 

16 

 

22

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Economic Pillar

32-36 

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Economic Pillar 

32-36

GRI 201: Economic 

Performance 2016

201-1

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed

Due to CEREIT’s structure as externally 

managed REIT, the economic distribution 

is via private entity while economic value 

generation is via the REIT. Hence, the 

disclosure is not applicable. For CEREIT’s 

financial performance, please refer to the 

Annual Report.

Quality of Assets

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Approach to Sustainability – Key 

Material Topics Informing FY 2019 

Objectives

22

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Economic Pillar – Quality of 

Assets 

Environment Pillar

35-36 

 

52-57

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Economic Pillar – Quality of 

Assets 

Environment Pillar

35-36 

 

52-57

Non-GRI  

-

Percentage of portfolio with Energy 

Performance Certificate 

Environment Pillar – Sustainable 

Building Certifications

56

Anti-corruption 

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

About the Report – Reporting 

Framework and Boundaries 

Approach to Sustainability – Key 

Material Topics Informing FY 2019 

Objectives 

16 

 

22

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Governance Pillar

37-41 

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Governance Pillar

37-41

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 2016

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and 

actions taken

Governance Pillar 

- Anti-corruption

40

60

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH






































































































































































































































Regulatory Compliance 

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

About the Report – Reporting 

Framework and Boundaries  

Approach to Sustainability – Key 

Material Topics Informing FY 2019 

Objectives  

16 

 

22

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Governance Pillar

37-41 

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Governance Pillar

37-41 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 2016

307-1

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and regulations

Governance Pillar - Regulatory 

Compliance

37

GRI 416: Customer 

Health and Safety 2016

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning the health and safety 

impacts of products and services

Governance Pillar - Regulatory 

Compliance

37

GRI 419: 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 2016

419-2

Non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and 

economic area

Governance Pillar - Regulatory 

Compliance

37

Cyber-readiness and Data Governance 

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

About the Report – Reporting 

Framework and Boundaries  

Approach to Sustainability – Key 

Material Topics Informing FY 2019 

Objectives  

16 

 

22

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Governance Pillar

37-14 

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Governance Pillar

37-41

GRI 418: Customer 

Privacy

418-1

Substantiated complaints 

concerning breaches of customer 

privacy and losses of customer data

Governance Pillar - Cyber-

readiness and Data Governance

41

Material Topics

GRI Standard 

Disclosure

Section of Report and / or 

Explanation for Omission

Pg.

61

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019






































































































































































































































GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

About the Report – Reporting 

Framework and Boundaries 

Approach to Sustainability – Key 

Material Topics Informing FY 2019 

Objectives

17 

 

23

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

People Pillar 

48-51

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

People Pillar 

48-51

GRI 401: Employment 

2016

401-1

New employee hires and employee 

turnover

People Pillar – Employee Profile

49

401-2

Benefits provided to full-time 

employees that are not provided to 

temporary or part-time employees

People Pillar - Talent Attraction, 

Retention and Career 

Development

49-50

Material Topics

GRI Standard 

Disclosure

Section of Report and / or 

Explanation for Omission

Pg.

Strong Partnerships

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

About the Report – Reporting 

Framework and Boundaries 

Approach to Sustainability – Key 

Material Topics Informing FY 2019 

Objectives

17 

 

23

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Approach to Sustainability 

- Approach to Stakeholder 

Engagement  

Stakeholders Pillar 

25 

 

 

42-47

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Stakeholder Pillar 

42-47

Talent attraction, retention and career development

14. APPENDICES

Tenant-Customer Satisfaction 

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

About the Report – Reporting 

Framework and Boundaries  

Approach to Sustainability – Key 

Material Topics Informing FY 2019 

Objectives  

17 

 

23

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Approach to Sustainability 

- Approach to Stakeholder 

Engagement  

Stakeholders Pillar 

– Tenant-Customers

25 

 

 

42-43 

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Stakeholders Pillar 

– Tenant-Customers

42-43

62

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH






































































































































































































































Material Topics

GRI Standard 

Disclosure

Section of Report and / or 

Explanation for Omission

Pg.

Improving Energy Intensity and Reducing Carbon Footprint

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

About the Report – Reporting 

Framework and Boundaries  

Approach to Sustainability – Key 

Material Topics Informing FY 2019 

Objectives  

17 

 

 

23

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Environment Pillar

52-57 

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Environment Pillar 

52-57 

GRI 302: Energy 2016

302-1

Energy consumption within the 

organisation

Environment Pillar

53-54

GRI 305: Emissions 

2016

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions

Environment Pillar 

53-54

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG 

Emissions

Environment Pillar

53-54

305-3

Energy indirect (Scope 3) GHG 

Emissions

Environment Pillar

53-54

401-3

Parental leave

Employees entitled to parental leave in FY 

2019 did not apply for parental leave.

GRI 404: Training and 

Education 2016 

401-1

Average hours of training per year 

per employee

People Pillar - Talent Attraction, 

Retention and Career 

Development 

50

401-3

Programmes for upgrading 

employee skills and transition 

assistance programmes

Training and scope: Not applicable to 

Singapore. In the very rare situation where 

any employee’s role is no longer required, 

Outplacement Services are offered to assist 

with the transition.

Percentage of employees receiving 

regular performance and career 

development programmes

People Pillar - Talent Attraction, 

Retention and Career 

Development

50

GRI 405: Diversity and 

Equal Opportunity 

2016

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees

People Pillar – Employee Profile 

People Pillar – Safe and Trusting 

Work Environment

49 

51

63

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019






































































































































































































































Office

 

Haagse Poort, Prinses Beatrixlaan 35 - 37 &amp; Schenkkade 60 - 65

Den Haag

68,502 

Central Plaza, Plaza 2 – 25 (retail) /  

Weena 580 – 618 (offices)

Rotterdam

33,263 

Bastion, Willemsplein 2 - 10 

’s-Hertogenbosch

31,979 

Moeder Teresalaan 100 / 200

Utrecht

21,922 

De Ruyterkade 5

Amsterdam

8,741 

Koningskade 30

Den Haag

5,696 

Blaak 40 

Rotterdam

7,788 

Light Industrial / Logistics

 

Veemarkt, Veemarkt 27-75 / 50-76 / 92-114

Amsterdam

21,701 

Capronilaan 22 - 56

Schiphol-Rijk

5,250 

Boekweitstraat 1 - 21 &amp; Luzernestraat 2 - 12

Nieuw-Vennep

8,638 

Folkstoneweg 5 - 15

Schiphol

5,438 

Kapoeasweg 4 - 16

Amsterdam

5,563 

Bohrweg 19 - 57 &amp; 20 - 58

Spijkenisse1

7,289 

Antennestraat 46 - 76 &amp; Televisieweg 42 - 52

Almere1

6,178 

Harderwijkerstraat 5 - 29

Deventer1

12,238 

Fahrenheitbaan 4 - 4D

Nieuwegein1

4,599 

Nieuwgraaf 9A - 19 &amp; Fotograaf 32 - 40

Duiven1

5,420 

1 

Properties held for sale are recorded at their respective sales price. Completion occurred on 24 March 2020

Office

 

Piazza Affari 2, Piazza degli Affari 2

Milan

7,508 

Via dell’Amba Aradam 5

Rome

16,688 

Via Pianciani 26

Rome

10,725 

Building F7-F11, Viale Milanofiori 1

Assago

16,160 

Via Nervesa 21

Milan

9,712 

Via Camillo Finocchiaro Aprile 1

Genova

15,537 

Cassiopea 1-2-3, Via Paracelso 22-24-26

Milan

12,218 

Nuova ICO, Via Guglielmo Jervis 9

Ivrea

19,743 

Via della Fortezza 8

Florence

9,139 

Corso Lungomare Trieste 29

Bari

11,674 

Corso Annibale Santorre di Santa Rosa 15

Cuneo

8,795 

Via Rampa Cavalcavia 16-18

Venice Mestre

4,081 

Building Name and Address

City

NLA (sqm)

14. APPENDICES

LIST OF PROPERTIES INCLUDED IN SUSTAINABILITY REPORT  

THE NETHERLANDS

ITALY

64

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH






































































































































































































































Light Industrial / Logistics

 

Strada Provinciale Adelfia

Rutigliano

29,638 

Others

 

Viale Europa 95

Bari

123,261 

Starhotels Grand Milan, Via Varese 23

Saronno

17,400 

Via Madre Teresa di Calcutta 4

Lissone

11,767 

Via Salara Vecchia 13

Pescara

15,998 

Via Brigata Padova 19

Padova

8,151 

Building Name and Address

City

NLA (sqm)

Office

Paryseine, 3 Allée de la Seine, Ivry-Sur Seine, 

Paris

20,748 

Cap Mermoz, 38-44 rue Jean Mermoz, Maisons-Laffitte

Paris

10,720 

Lénine, 1 rue de Lénine, 94200 Ivry-Sur Seine, Ivry-Sur Seine

Paris

2,320 

Light Industrial / Logistics

 

Parc des Docks, 50 rue Ardoin

Saint Ouen

73,371 

Parc des Guillaumes, 58 rue de Neuilly – 2 rue du Trou Morin, ZAC 

des Guillaumes

Noisy-le-Sec

18,682 

Parc du Landy, 61 rue du Landy

Aubervilliers

12,763 

Parc des Grésillons, 167-169 avenue des Grésillons

Gennevilliers

10,064 

Parc Delizy, 32 rue Délizy

Pantin

12,415 

Parc Urbaparc, 75-79 rue du Rateau

La Courneuve

12,607 

Parc Béziers, Rue Charles Nicolle

Villeneuve-lès-Béziers

8,944 

Parc du Merantais, 1-3 rue Georges Guynemer

Magny-Les-Hameaux

10,312 

Parc Jean Mermoz, 53 rue de Verdun – 81, rue Maurice Berteaux

La Courneuve

6,004 

Parc des Érables, 154 allée des Érables

Villepinte

8,077 

Parc Louvresses, 46-48 boulevard Dequevauvilliers

Gennevilliers

7,404 

FRANCE

Parc Locaparc 2, 59-65 rue Edith Cavell

Vitry-sur-Seine

5,614 

Parc de Champs, 40 boulevard de Nesles, ZAC le Ru du Nesles

Champs sur Marne

7,051 

Parc Parçay-Meslay, ZI du Papillon

Parcay-Meslay

5,232 

Parc Acticlub, 2 rue de la Noue Guimante, ZI de la Courtillière, 

Saint Thibault des 

Vignes

8,055 

Parc le Prunay, 13-41 rue Jean Pierre Timbaud, ZI du Prunay

Sartrouville

9,441 

Parc de Popey, 5 chemin de Popey

Bar-le-Duc

15,724 

Parc Sully, 105 route d’Orléans

Sully-sur-Loire

15,500 

Parc du Bois du Tambour, Route de Nancy, Gondreville

16,509 

65

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019






































































































































































































































1 

Properties are held for sale and are recorded at their respective sales prices. Completion occurred on 24 March 2020

14. APPENDICES

Office

Business Garden, 2, 4, 6, 8 and 10 Kolorowa Street

Poznań

42,278 

Green Office, 80, 80A, 82 and 84 Czerwone Maki Street, 

Kraków

23,104 

Riverside Park, Fabryczna 5

Warsaw

12,477 

Avatar, 28 Armii Krajowej Street

Kraków

11,338 

Grójecka 5

Warsaw

10,738 

Arkońska Business Park, Arkońska 1&amp;2

Gdańsk

11,166 

POLAND

Light Industrial / Logistics

Parsdorfer Weg 10

Kirchheim

26,444 

Siemensstraße 11

Frickenhausen

36,791 

An der Kreuzlache 8-12

Bischofsheim

18,924 

Henschelring 4

Kirchheim

9,029 

Kolumbusstraße 16

Hamburg

18,714 

Frauenstraße 31

Maisach

8,663 

Moorfleeter Straße 27, Liebigstraße 67-71

Hamburg

7,347 

Hochstraße 150-152

Duisburg

17,692 

Dresdner Straße 16, Sachsenring 52

Straubing

9,437 

Kinzigheimer Weg 114

Hanau

6,257 

An der Steinlach 8-10

Bischofsheim

7,158 

Building Name and Address

City

NLA (sqm)

2 

Disposed in on 18 October 2019

Parc de l’Esplanade, Rue Paul Henri Spaak - rue Enrico Fermi - rue 

Niels Bohr

Saint Thibault des 

Vignes1

29,854 

Parc des Mardelles, 44 rue Maurice de Broglie, 16, rue Henri 

Becquerel 

Aulnay-sous-Bois1

16,289 

Parc des Aqueducs, Chemin du Favier

St Genis Laval1

7,341 

Parc Jules Guesde, 1 allée du Chargement, rue Jules Guesde, ZAC 

du Tir à Loques

Villeneuve D’Asq1

5,332 

Parc de la Chauvetière, 4-28 rue du Vercors

Saint Etienne1

7,204 

Parc d’Osny, 9 chaussée Jules César, ZAC des Beaux Soleils

Osny2

40,288

GERMANY

LIST OF PROPERTIES INCLUDED IN SUSTAINABILITY REPORT  

66

SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH






































































































































































































































1 

Properties are held for sale and are recorded at their respective sales prices. Completion occurred on 24 March 2020

FINLAND

Building Name and Address

City

NLA (sqm)

Office

Opus 1, Hitsaajankatu 24

Helsinki

6,821 

Plaza Vivace, Äyritie 8 C

Vantaa

5,661 

Plaza Forte, Äyritie 12 C,

Vantaa

6,054 

Grandinkulma, Kielotie 7

Vantaa

6,189 

Myyrmäenraitti 2

Vantaa

7,515 

Pakkalankuja 6

Vantaa

7,802 

Plaza Allegro, Äyritie 8 B

Vantaa

4,620 

Mäkitorpantie 3b

Helsinki

4,367 

Kauppakatu 39 

Kuopio

4,832 

Purotie 1

Helsinki

4,692 

Pakkalankuja 7

Vantaa

3,425 

Light Industrial / Logistics

Priorparken 700

Brøndby

15,340 

Naverland 7-11

Glostrup

22,169 

Priorparken 800

Brøndby

14,701 

Islevdalvej 142

Rødovre

11,150 

Herstedvang 2-4

Albertslund

11,860 

Stamholmen 111

Hvidovre

13,626 

Naverland 8

Glostrup

11,945 

Fabriksparken 20

Glostrup

7,614 

Hørskætten 4-6

Tåstrup

8,988 

Hørskætten 5

Tåstrup

4,985 

Naverland 12

Glostrup

6,875 

Hjulmagervej 3-19

Vejle1

12,807 

C.F. Tietgensvej 10

Kolding1

9,429 

DENMARK

67

CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT 2019








































































































































































































































Cromwell EREIT Management Pte. Ltd.

50 Collyer Quay 

#07-02 OUE Bayfront 

Singapore 049321

