










































































































































































































































































































SUSTAINABILITY  

REPORT




























































































































































































Real estate investment trust

‘REIT’

Cromwell European REIT

‘Cromwell European REIT’ or ‘CEREIT’

Perpetual (Asia) Limited

‘Trustee’

Cromwell European REIT’s 2018 Annual Report

‘Annual Report’

1 January 2018 to 31 December 2018

‘Calendar Year 2018’ or ‘2018’

30 November 2017 to 31 December 2018

‘Financial Period’ or ‘FY 2018’

Ernst &amp; Young

‘EY’

Cromwell Property Group and its affiliated companies

The ‘Group’

Cromwell Property Group 

‘Cromwell’ or the ‘Sponsor’

Cromwell EREIT Management Pte. Ltd.

The ‘Manager’ or ‘CEREIT Manager’

Cromwell Europe Limited

The ‘Property Manager’

Chief Executive Officer

‘CEO’

Board of Directors

‘Board of Directors’ or the ‘Board’

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited

‘SGX-ST’

Australian Stock Exchange

‘ASX’

Unitholders of CEREIT

The ‘Unitholders’

Units of CEREIT

‘Units’

Weighted Average Lease Expiry - WALE is defined as weighted average lease expiry by 

headline rent based on the final termination date of the agreement (assuming the tenant 

does not terminate the lease on any of the permissible break date(s), if applicable).

‘WALE’

Weighted Average Lease Break - WALB is defined as weighted average lease break by 

headline rent based on the earlier of the next permissible break date(s) at the tenants 

election or the expiry of the lease.

‘WALB’

Listing rules of the SGX-ST

‘Listing Rules’

Initial public offering

‘IPO’

The Prospectus for the IPO disclosed a one-month profit forecast for the period from 

1 December 2017 to 31 December 2017 (December 2017 Forecast), and a full-year 

profit projection from 1 January 2018 to 31 December 2018 (the ‘FY 2018 Projection’). 

Accordingly, ‘IPO forecast’ refers to the summation of the December 2017 Forecast and 

the FY 2018 Projection.

‘IPO Forecast’

75 properties that have been in the ownership of CEREIT for the full Financial Period 

(74 properties + Ivrea)

‘IPO Portfolio including Ivrea’

Annual general meeting

‘AGM’

Extraordinary general meeting 

‘EGM’

Environment, social and governance 

‘ESG’

Distributions per Unit

‘DPU’ 

Net asset value

‘NAV’

Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark 

‘GRESB’

Information technology

‘IT’

Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment Method

‘BREEAM’

Energy performance certificates 

‘EPC’

Global Reporting Initiative

‘GRI’

Key performance indicators 

‘KPI’

Monetary Authority of Singapore 

‘MAS’

Enterprise risk management 

‘ERM’

Corporate governance 

‘CG’

Securities and Futures Act 

‘SFA’

Learning and development 

‘L&amp;D’

People and culture

‘P&amp;C’

Net Promoter Score 

‘NPS’

REIT Association of Singapore 

‘REITAS’

Asia Pacific Real Estate Association

‘APREA’

Environmental management 

‘EM’

Environmental due diligence 

‘EDD’

Property manager(s)

‘PM(s)’

Asset manager(s) 

‘AM(s)’

European Environment Agency

‘EEA’

Assets under management

‘AUM’

Glossary / First Mention

PAGE 2   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018


































































































OUR SUSTAINABILITY COMMITMENTS 

4

BOARD STATEMENT 

5

CEO’S MESSAGE 

6

ABOUT CEREIT 

7

ABOUT THE REPORT 

9

APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

12

ECONOMIC PILLAR 

15

GOVERNANCE PILLAR 

19

PEOPLE PILLAR 

21

STAKEHOLDER PILLAR 

24

ENVIRONMENTAL PILLAR 

27

APPENDICES 

30

TABLE OF 

CONTENTS  

PAGE 3   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018






















































































































































































OUR SUSTAINABILITY  

COMMITMENTS

Figure 1: Sustainability Commitments

Sustainable 

Economic Value 

Creation

Quality of Assets

Regulatory Compliance

Anti-Corruption

Trust, Transparency 

and Governance

Cyber-readiness and 

Data Governance

Economic

Governance

Stakeholders

People

Environment

Strong Partnerships

Tenant-customer 

Satisfaction

Talent Attraction, 

Retention and 

Career Development

Improving Energy 

Intensity and 

Reducing Carbon 

Footprint

• FY 2019 income 

available for 

distribution to 

meet or exceed IPO 

forecast 

• FY 2019 portfolio 

occupancy to meet 

or exceed IPO 

forecast

• Tenant-customers: 

Improve benchmark 

tenant-customer 

engagement score 

for CEREIT by at 

least 5% 

• Investors: Maintain 

or improve the 

level of investor 

engagement and the 

number of briefings 

and meetings with 

investors in 2019 

• Community: 

Establish long-

term community 

programme for 

CEREIT Manager

• Industry: Maintain 

active memberships 

and involvement 

in key industry 

associations

• Achieve more than 

75% participation 

from CEREIT 

Manager Team in 

the group employer 

engagement survey

• Increase Manager’s 

L&amp;D hours by 5%

• Continue to 

comply with 

applicable laws and 

regulations

• Maintain good 

compliance record

• Uphold zero 

confirmed cases 

of corruption, 

bribery, fraud or 

misappropriations

• Maintain an 

effective Business 

Continuity and 

Crisis Management 

Plan

• Improve FY 2019 

GRESB score by at 

least 5% 

• Obtain BREEAM* 

certification for ten 

properties in FY 2019 

and  FY 2020

• Obtain EPC for all 

assets where legally 

required 













































































































CEREIT Targets 

* BREEAM is the world’s leading sustainability assessment method for master planning projects, infrastructure and 

buildings. It recognises and reflects the value in higher performing assets across the built environment lifecycle, from new 

construction to in-use and refurbishment. BREEAM is used as an asset-level sustainability certification. 

Pillar Owners 

• Chief Financial Officer 

• Chief Investment 

 Officer

Pillar Owners 

• Head of Investor 

 Relations  

• Head of Property

Pillar Owner 

• Chief Operating Officer

Pillar Owners 

• Head of Legal,  

 Compliance and   

 Company Secretarial 

• Chief Operating Officer 

Pillar Owner 

• Head of Property

CEREIT Materiality Matters

PAGE 4   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018
































































































The Board is pleased to present CEREIT’s inaugural sustainability report for the Calendar Year 2018 and for FY 2018. 

This report discloses CEREIT’s ESG impact and its progress towards the goal of sustainable management of its real 

estate portfolio.

CEREIT’s core objectives are to provide Unitholders with regular and stable distributions and deliver long-term growth. 

The Board has set a strategic direction for the Management Team to achieve this through executing the following 

key strategies: active asset management, acquiring for growth, responsible capital management and best-practice 

approach to corporate governance and sustainability. 

To prepare for CEREIT’s inaugural Sustainability Report, ten material ESG matters were identified through a formal 

materiality assessment exercise facilitated by EY, which involved key stakeholders from the Sponsor, the Manager 

and the Property Manager. CEREIT’s sustainability approach presented in this report has been formulated to report 

on the initiatives and targets under each of these matters, striking a balance between financial results and corporate 

governance, internal and external stakeholder engagement and environmental stewardship. The Board oversees the 

management and monitoring of these ESG matters, supported by the Management Team.

CEREIT’s sustainability journey is just beginning. The Board looks forward to the support of all stakeholders in creating 

a sustainable future for generations to come. 

BOARD  

STATEMENT 

PAGE 5   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018



























































































From left to right: Fang Ai Lian (sitting), Simon Garing, Christian Delaire, Lim Swe Guan (sitting), Paul Weightman




CEO’S 

MESSAGE

I am delighted to present to you CEREIT’s inaugural Sustainability Report. This report is only available online, in 

keeping with our sustainability and environment preservation efforts. 

We recognise that CEREIT needs resilient, ethical and socially responsible business practices to thrive in the long 

run. A strong sustainability foundation will allow CEREIT to fulfil its core objectives of providing Unitholders with 

long-term growth in DPU and NAV per unit, while maintaining an appropriate capital structure.

We consider sustainability in a holistic manner. We wanted to get it right from the onset so we embarked on our 

sustainability journey more than a year ago with a materiality assessment process through which we identified ten 

ESG material matters essential to CEREIT’s sustainable operations. We then adopted the Sponsor’s sustainability 

framework and its five sustainability pillars – Economic, Governance, People, Stakeholders and Environment – and 

mapped our ten ESG material matters under each pillar. While sustainability goals are everyone’s responsibility, 

we believe that personal accountability delivers better results, that is why each pillar has an Executive or Senior 

Manager appointed as the pillar “owner”. The pillar “owners” are responsible for identifying, setting and delivering 

the objectives and targets and developed sustainable initiatives for each of the material topics that have been 

identified for that pillar.

We are also very fortunate to have a Board that values sustainability and works with the Management Team to 

maintain oversight of the progress of the initiatives that we have identified.

As Singapore’s first Pan-European REIT, it is our long-term aim to be a leader in the field, and to adopt progressive 

sustainability practices and reporting, as a focus on sustainability increasingly becomes the norm. Our first 

sustainability report is prepared in compliance with the Sustainability Reporting Guide of SGX-ST and in accordance 

with GRI Standards: core option. The GRI Standards have been selected for their universal application and suitability 

to CEREIT’s industry and business model. Additionally, they allow for comparison with our Sponsor and our peers.  

This inaugural report represents a baseline from which CEREIT aims to review progress against objectives and 

enhance targets for continuous improvement. As CEREIT embarks on its sustainability journey, I strongly believe 

our long-term focus on sustainability will position CEREIT to create value for our Unitholders while looking after the 

interests of the broader stakeholder community. 

We hope you will enjoy our first Sustainability Report! 

PAGE 6   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018
































































































PORTFOLIO  

OVERVIEW (AS AT 31 MARCH 2019) 

Finland  

11 properties

Denmark 

13 properties

Germany 

11 properties

The Netherlands 

17 properties

France 

25 properties

Italy 

17 properties

Poland 

3 properties

ABOUT  

CEREIT (AS AT 31 MARCH 2019)

CEREIT is a Singapore REIT with the principal 

investment strategy of investing, directly or indirectly, in 

a diversified portfolio of income-producing real estate 

assets in Europe used primarily for office, light industrial 

/ logistics and retail purposes. 

As at 31 March 2019, CEREIT owns a portfolio of 

97 properties in, or close to, major gateway cities 

in Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, the 

Netherlands and Poland, and has a balanced focus on 

the office and light industrial / logistics sectors. It is 

the first REIT with a diversified pan-European portfolio 

listed on SGX-ST. CEREIT’s portfolio has an aggregate 

lettable area of approximately 1.4 million square metres 

with over 900 tenants. Comprising primarily freehold, 

perpetual or continuing leasehold assets, the portfolio 

has an appraised value of approximately €1.8 billion 

as at 31 March 2019. The Manager is a wholly-owned 

subsidiary of CEREIT’s Sponsor, Cromwell Property 

Group. Cromwell is a real estate investor and manager 

with operations in 15 countries and is listed on the ASX. 

For more information, please refer to the Annual Report 

and www.cromwelleuropeanreit.com.sg/portfolio.

PORTFOLIO BREAKDOWN 

BY COUNTRY

PORTFOLIO BREAKDOWN  

BY ASSET CLASS

Light industrial / logistics

Office

Others

56.9%

7.7%

35.4%

4.0%

4.5%

6.3%

33.9%

Poland

Denmark

Finland

25.5%

19.5%

6.3%

Italy

The Netherlands

France

Germany

PAGE 7   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018




























































































The Manager has general management powers and manages CEREIT’s assets and 

liabilities for the benefit of Unitholders. The Manager sets the strategic direction of CEREIT 

and provides recommendations to the Trustee on the acquisition, divestment, development 

and/or enhancement of CEREIT’s assets in accordance with its investment strategy.

Cromwell Property

Group

Unitholders

Trustee

Trustee 

services

Cromwell European REIT

Management 

services

Property 

services

European Property Assets

Property / Asset 

Manager(s)

Management 

Agreement(s)

Cromwell EREIT 

Management Pte Ltd

Investment: Formulating CEREIT’s investment 

strategy, including determining the location, sub-

sector type and other characteristics of CEREIT’s 

property portfolio. Overseeing the negotiations and 

providing supervision in relation to investments of 

CEREIT and making final recommendations to the 

Trustee.

Asset management: Formulating CEREIT’s asset 

management strategy, including determining 

the tenant mix, asset enhancement plans 

and rationalising operational costs, providing 

supervision in relation to asset management of 

CEREIT and making final recommendations to the 

Trustee on material matters.

Capital management: Formulating the plans for 

equity and debt financing for CEREIT’s property 

acquisitions, distribution payments, expense 

payments and property maintenance payments. 

Executing CEREIT’s capital management plans, 

negotiating with financiers and underwriters and 

making final recommendations to the Trustee.

Accounting: Preparing accounts, financial reports and 

annual reports for CEREIT on a consolidated basis.

€

€

Compliance: Making all regulatory filings on behalf 

of CEREIT and using commercially reasonable 

best efforts to assist CEREIT in complying with the 

applicable provisions of the relevant legislation 

pertaining to the location and operations of 

CEREIT, the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST, the Trust 

Deed, any tax ruling and all relevant contracts.

Investor relations: Communicating and liaising 

with investors, research analysts and the 

investment community.

Figure 2: CEREIT Trust Structure

The Executive Officers of the Manager have extensive 

capital markets, European real estate and Singapore 

REIT management experience. Their experience 

ranges from 20 to 25 years in property investment, 

management, development, finance, investment 

banking and investor relations. The Executive Officers 

of the Manager focus on strategic functions such 

as capital management, portfolio construction, 

compliance, investor relations and finance. In Europe, 

the properties are managed by experienced local asset 

managers in seven different countries.

The Manager provides a holistic range of services. They include, but are not limited to, the following:

THE  

MANAGER

PAGE 8   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018




























































































CEREIT is pleased to present its inaugural Sustainability 

Report which is prepared in compliance with Practice 

Note 7F Sustainability Reporting Guide of SGX-ST and 

in accordance with GRI Standards: core option. The 

GRI Standards have been selected for their universal 

application and suitability to CEREIT’s industry and 

business model. Additionally, they also allow for 

comparability with Cromwell and peers. The GRI 

Content Index on Page 30 provides the complete set of 

disclosures adopted in this report.

ABOUT  

THE REPORT

TOP TEN PROPERTIES (AS AT 31 MARCH 2019) 

Reporting Framework and Boundaries

This report covers CEREIT Portfolio’s environmental 

performance for the Calendar Year 2018, as well as 

the economic and financial performance for FY 2018 

as defined in CEREIT’s Annual Report, with prior year’s 

performance included for comparative purposes where 

applicable. For a full list of the properties covered in this 

report, please refer to the Appendix on page 36, located 

after the GRI Content Index.  

The reporting boundary for each sustainability pillar can 

be found on page 10. 























































































































Haagse Poort, Prinses Beatrixlaan 35 

- 37 &amp; Schenkkade 60 - 65, Den Haag,  

The Netherlands



Bastion, Willemsplein 2 - 10, 

’s-Hertogenbosch, The Netherlands



Bari Europa, Viale Europa 95,

Bari, Italy



Veemarkt, Veemarkt 27-75 / 

50-76 / 92-114, Amsterdam, 

The Netherlands



Ruyterkade, De Ruyterkade 5, 

Amsterdam, The Netherlands





Central Plaza, Plaza 2 – 25 (retail) / 

Weena 580 – 618 (offices), Rotterdam, 

The Netherlands



Milano Affari, Piazza degli Affari 2, 

Milan, Italy



Parc des Docks, 50 rue Ardoin, 

Saint Ouen, France



Moeder Teresalaan 100-200, Utrecht, 

The Netherlands

































































































Roma Amba Aradam, Via 

dell’Amba Aradam 5,Rome, 

Italy

PAGE 9   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018






































































































Economic

 Financial performance is extracted from the FY 2018 

Annual Report, which includes detailed financial 

information of CEREIT and its subsidiaries. 

For a detailed description of the financial reporting 

scope, please refer to the Consolidated Financial 

Statements on Page 161 to 229 in the 2018 Annual Report.

 

Governance 

 

The policies and practices are applicable to all 

employees hired by the Manager. These policies and 

practices govern the internal code of conduct, as well as 

market disclosure practices and business relationships 

with investors, property managers, suppliers and tenant-

customers in all operating countries. 

Stakeholders

 The Manager’s engagement with stakeholder groups in 

this report broadly covers: investors, unitholders, tenant-

customers, regulators, business partners, service 

providers and the local community.

People

 The policies, practices and performance are related 

to the Manager’s employees, excluding employees of 

the Sponsor, the Property Manager and other joint 

operations, associates or ventures. Consistent with the 

Group, Human Resource matters are referred to as 

People and Culture or P&amp;C matters. 

Environment  

The environmental data covered in this report is for the 

Calendar Year 2018 and comprises energy consumption 

from 56 properties out of the 75 properties in the IPO 

Portfolio including Ivrea.

The 56 properties include 52 properties for which 

CEREIT has operational control and four properties for 

which CEREIT does not have operational control (assets 

where the tenant-customer takes full ownership for the 

management control over the operations of the entire 

asset that they occupy). Given that FY 2018 was CEREIT’s 

first year of operations, some property data was 

unavailable, as measurement systems were still being 

established. CEREIT strives to assess all relevant data as 

comprehensively as possible and works towards gaining 

access to measurement data for its entire portfolio. 

CEREIT has access to data for the 52 controlled assets. 

For the four properties where the Manager has no 

operational control, energy information for 3Q and 

4Q 2018 was not available at time of publication. The 

information on this collection is presented separately in 

the Environmental section of the report. 

Within some controlled assets, tenant-customers hold 

a master lease and have full management control over 

the operations of the asset that they occupy. For those 

properties, CEREIT has taken the initiative to obtain the 

measurement data from the tenant-customers to give 

a holistic view of the building performance. By doing so, 

the property Management Team aims to understand the 

full impact in order to enhance building effectiveness 

and target the highest level of transparency and asset 

level reporting sought by GRESB. The participation and 

disclosure of performance data for those properties is 

dependent upon the tenant-customers’ willingness to 

support CEREIT’s reporting initiatives, so reporting data 

on these assets is expected to vary on a yearly basis.

Reporting Boundaries

PAGE 10   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018








































































































































































































Reporting Principles

GRI’s reporting principles on defining report content and quality were fully adopted in the materiality assessment and 

development of the report. These are summarised in the table below:

Defining Report Content

Stakeholder 

Inclusiveness

The Manager has taken into consideration both internal and external stakeholders’ perspectives in 

determining material matters for reporting. Please refer to page 13 for details on the approach to 

stakeholder engagement. 

Materiality

The materiality assessment process, that determined the material aspects to be monitored, has 

considered CEREIT’s economic, environmental and social impact as well as how these topics 

may substantively influence stakeholders. Please refer to page 14 for details on the materiality 

assessment process.

Sustainability 

Context 

As a Singapore REIT with a diversified pan-European portfolio, sustainability context is 

international. CEREIT presents its understanding of sustainable development and performance 

with reference to global benchmarks for the peer group in Property Management.

Completeness

This report covers relevant business activities for the 75 properties that were part of CEREIT’s 

portfolio for the for the full Financial Period. It does not omit relevant material information that 

could influence stakeholder decisions. 

Defining Report Quality

Balance 

The REIT’s sustainability performance is presented with a factual assessment and a balanced view 

in which improvement opportunities are adequately disclosed with progress status and / or action 

plans. 

Comparability

The sustainability reporting framework adopted for this report is an internationally-recognised 

framework. Industry benchmarks are used where appropriate. 

Performance data disclosed in the report is collected on a consistent basis year-on-year.

Accuracy

CEREIT is committed to best-practice sustainability data management and reporting. To the extent 

possible, no data is estimated, with some exceptions around utility data and general verification. 

All data reported has generally been measured or is supported by relevant documents. 

Performance data has been subjected to thorough review process to ensure its accuracy.  

Timeliness

This report complies with regulatory requirements for publication of non-financial information on 

SGX-ST no later than five months after the end of the financial year. 

Clarity 

Technical jargon, if used, is explained on a best-effort basis. A GRI Content Index is appended for 

the ease of reference. 

Reliability 

CEREIT is committed to best-practice in sustainability data management and transparent 

reporting.

While external assurance has not been sought for this report, the Manager will consider doing so 

in subsequent years as reporting practices mature.

This inaugural report represents a baseline from which CEREIT aims to review progress against objectives and 

enhance / reset targets for continuous improvement. As CEREIT embarks on its sustainability journey, the Manager 

looks forward to the support of all stakeholders and welcomes any feedback for improvement. Queries and comments 

can be directed to ir@cromwell.com.sg.

PAGE 11   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018




























































































APPROACH TO 

SUSTAINABILITY

Sustainability Strategy   

CEREIT recognises that to thrive in the 

long run it needs resilient, ethical and 

socially responsible business practices. 

A strong sustainability foundation will 

allow CEREIT to fulfil its core objectives 

of providing Unitholders with long-term 

growth in DPU and NAV per unit, while 

maintaining an appropriate capital 

structure.

Sustainability Framework 

The Board maintains oversight on sustainability for 

CEREIT. 

Within the Sponsor’s sustainability framework, all 

sustainability initiatives, materiality aspects and 

corresponding activities fall within the five framework 

pillars. CEREIT’s approach mirrors the Sponsor’s 

approach in that sustainability initiatives have been 

divided into five pillars, which are consistent with the 

Sponsor’s framework. Each pillar has an executive or 

senior manager appointed as the pillar “owner”. They 

are responsible for identifying, setting and delivering 

the objectives and targets associated with the material 

topics that have been identified for that pillar.

Figure 3: Sustainability Framework







PEOPLE

Our people are our strength. We recognise the power 

of the individual to make a difference, and the collective 

power of the team to drive a sustainable, competitive 

advantage.

GOVERNANCE

To manage risk and protect our investors’ interests 

through best practice governance processes and 

procedures.  

STAKEHOLDERS

To actively engage with our key stakeholders in order 

to understand the issues that matter to them and to 

respond appropriately. 





ENVIRONMENT

We are committed to improving the operational 

performance, and actively reducing the environmental 

impact of our properties, funds and operations.



ECONOMIC 

To ensure we can continue to provide our investors with 

secure, growing distributions derived from sustainable 

business practices.  













































































































PAGE 12   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018




























































































Stakeholder Engagement

The Manager believes that effective stakeholder engagement is key to the long-term success of its businesses. 

Through regular communication, the Manager deepens its understanding of stakeholders’ needs and matters of 

concern. These inputs drive the allocation of requisite resources to meet and manage their expectations. CEREIT’s 

response and methods of engagement are detailed in the table below.

Key 

Stakeholder 

Groups

Interests and Areas of Focus

CEREIT’s 

Commitments

Key Engagement Mode and 

Frequency

Investors / 

Unitholders

• Business operations and portfolio 

performance

• Prudent asset and capital 

management

• Long-term strategy and growth 

plans

• Maintain strong 

balance sheet and 

minimise exposure 

to market volatility, 

employing best-

practice approach in 

corporate governance

• Regular 

communication 

and engagement 

with investors and 

Unitholders

• AGM

• EGM (as required)

• Regular and timely SGX-ST 

announcements, quarterly results 

presentations, investor presentations 

and press releases, all also uploaded 

on the investor relations section of 

CEREIT’s website

• Regular investor meetings

• Biannual analyst and media briefings

Employees  

(The Manager)

• Fair and equal employment 

opportunities

• L&amp;D

• Career progression

• Safe and healthy working 

environment

• Employee engagement 

and performance 

review

• Training programs 

tailored for individual 

employees

• Annual performance reviews

• Ongoing workshops and training 

programs

Tenant- 

customers 

• Repair and maintenance of assets

• Improving sustainability of assets

• Value for money in terms of rent

• Supporting tenant-customers and 

delivering a positive experience

• Safety and well-being

• Regular 

communication and 

engagement

• Annual engagement survey 

• Regular face-to-face meetings, email 

and phone correspondence

• CEREIT engagement programme 

feedback sessions with asset/property 

managers’ KPIs (as appropriate)

Government 

and Regulatory 

Agencies 

• Compliance with all applicable 

laws, rules and regulatory 

requirements in all countries of 

operations

• Good corporate governance

• Stay updated 

on regulatory 

requirements

• Establish effective 

risk management 

framework

• Regular communication with 

regulators and governing bodies (as 

appropriate depending on nature of 

engagement)

• Ongoing participation in industry 

forums

The Community 

• Managing impact in the 

communities where CEREIT 

operates

• Support towards the community

• Philanthropic 

programme and 

activities 

• Ongoing monetary and in-kind 

donations

• Ongoing volunteer work

APPROACH TO 

SUSTAINABILITY

PAGE 13   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018




























































































Materiality Assessment 

Assisted by EY, CEREIT facilitated 

a formal materiality assessment 

(summarised in Figure 4) to 

better understand the operational 

impact and key priorities of 

various stakeholders. The Senior 

Management Team of both the 

Sponsor and the Manager were 

engaged to discuss various 

sustainability matters relevant to 

the business. These matters were 

then prioritised, considering both 

internal and external stakeholders’ 

perspectives. After initial 

prioritisation, material matters were 

aligned against those reported at 

Group level to ensure consistency 

and mapped under the five 

Sustainability Pillars of CEREIT’s 

Sustainability Framework (Figure 5). 

Based on a series of interviews 

with management personnel from 

Cromwell and CEREIT and 

desktop peer benchmarking, a list of 

     ESG material matters were identified.

Aligning to Cromwell’s 

reported matters, ten ESG matters 

    were selected for reporting and 

      presented to the Board for approval.

                   The list of ESG matters were 

           circulated to representatives of key 

departments for voting, where they 

considered each matter's significance 

from their perspective and from that 

of a simulated external stakeholder.

The selected matters  

underwent review to ensure  

its relevance to CEREIT’s 

business operations.

04

02

03

01

Core

Option

Validation

Prioritisation

Identification

Review

Economic

Governance

Stakeholders

People

Environment

1. Sustainable 

economic value 

creation

2. Quality of Assets

7. Strong 

Partnerships

8. Tenant-customer 

Satisfaction

9. Talent Attraction, 

Retention 

and Career 

Development

10. Improving 

Energy Intensity 

and Reducing 

Carbon Footprint

3. Regulatory 

Compliance

4. Anti-Corruption

5. Trust, 

Transparency 

and Governance

6. Cyber-readiness 

and Data 

Governance

Figure 5: List of CEREIT Materiality Matters

Figure 4: Materiality Assessment Process

APPROACH TO 

SUSTAINABILITY

PAGE 14   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018




























































































Sustainable Economic Value Creation

ECONOMIC  

PILLAR

CEREIT is the first Singapore REIT with a diversified 

pan-European portfolio. It gives investors a unique 

opportunity to gain attractive yields from a large, 

geographically diverse portfolio with a balanced asset 

class exposure. As at 31 December 2018, CEREIT has 

achieved a 9.3% annualised return on contributed equity.

Since IPO, CEREIT’s portfolio grew from 74 properties 

in five countries valued at €1.4 billion to 97 properties 

valued at €1.8 billion across seven countries as at 31 

March 2019, the end of the latest reported quarter prior 

to the publishing of this report. 

The investment philosophy for CEREIT is to acquire and 

manage a diversified portfolio of commercial properties 

with an emphasis on generating sustainable income 

and capital growth. Potential acquisitions are evaluated 

on the basis of whether they would generate higher 

risk- adjusted returns as compared to that of the current 

portfolio. The prospective deals are assessed not only 

in terms of their potential returns, but also how they 

can contribute towards portfolio risk-reduction. The  

investment process combines research-based analysis 

of market fundamentals with rigorous evaluation of 

property-specific variables and financial forecasts 

to enable the selection of assets that meet these 

investment criteria.  

Besides acquisitions, the Manager strives to create value 

through proactive leasing and property management.  

The Manager adopts a ‘barbell approach’ as a key 

strategy where the office sector provides enhanced 

stability of income with growth expected from the light 

industrial / logistics sector. 

For the entire portfolio, occupancy by area was 90.8% 

at the end of December 2018, compared to 87.7% as 

reported in the Prospectus (as at 30 April 2017) and 80 

basis points above the IPO forecast for 2018. The WALE 

on a total portfolio basis as at 31 December 2018 was 4.7 

years, with the top ten tenant-customers having a 4.8-

year WALE. The WALB on a total portfolio basis stood at 

3.9 years. 

For full details on the CEREIT’s financial performance, 

please refer to the Manager report (pages 38 to 51) and 

the financial statements (pages 161 to 229) of the Annual 

Report.













To provide 

 unitholders with 

stable distributions 

and long term DPU 

and NAV growth

Acquisition 

growth 

strategy 

Prudent capital 

management 

strategy

Active asset 

management and 

enhancement 

strategy

Best practice  

approach to 

sustainability, corporate 

governance and CSR

Figure 6: CEREIT Investment Strategy

FY 2018

 PERFORMANCE

FY 2019

 TARGETS

FY 2018 income  

available for distribution 

to meet or exceed IPO 

Forecast

FY 2018 portfolio 

occupancy to meet or 

exceed IPO forecast

Income available for distribution of €74.4 million 

was 1.4% above the IPO Forecast of €73.4 million 

over the Financial Period.

For the entire portfolio, occupancy by area was 90.8% 

at the end of December 2018, compared to 87.7% as 

reported in the Prospectus (as at 30 April 2017) and  

80 basis points above the IPO forecast for 2018.

3.1

%

1.4

%

INCREASE

INCREASE

Achieved

Achieved

PAGE 15   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018




























































































FY 2018

 PERFORMANCE

FY 2019

 TARGETS

FY 2018

 PERFORMANCE

FY 2019

 TARGETS

FY 2018

 PERFORMANCE

Quality of Assets

The Manager regularly evaluates properties for potential enhancement or redevelopment opportunities. In FY 2018, 

CEREIT rolled out several major asset enhancement initiatives as shown in the table below that will meaningfully 

increase the quality of assets. 

Looking forward, CEREIT plans to explore future major urban redevelopment projects in Amsterdam and Paris.







An upgrade of the building’s climate control 

commenced in August 2018 with completion due 

in 3Q 2019 at a total cost of €5.8 million. This is 

expected to result in significant savings to both 

building and tenant power consumption.

A substantial reconfiguration of 6,178 sqm is taking 

place with a new lease signed with a new tenant and 

two others following year end. 

An existing tenant has expanded into the remaining 

vacant mezzanine floor (859 sqm), resulting in full 

occupancy of the building with a renewed and long-

term commitment to the asset. Works commenced 

2Q 2018 and completed in 4Q 2018.

Haagse Poort 

Prinses Beatrixlaan 35 - 37 &amp; Schenkkade  

60 - 65, Den Haag, The Netherlands

Gewerbe-und Logistikpark 

München-Maisach, Frauenstraße 31, 

Maisach, Germany

Milano Affari 

Piazza degli Affari 2, Milan. Italy

ECONOMIC  

PILLAR

FY 2

 PERFOR

FY 2019

 TARGETS

FY 2019 income  

available for distribution 

to meet or exceed IPO 

Forecast

FY 2019 portfolio 

occupancy to meet or 

exceed IPO forecast

PAGE 16   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018




























































































FY 2018

 PERFORMANCE

FY 2018

 PERFORMANCE

FY 2019

 TARGETS

FY 2018

 PERFORMANCE

FY 2019

 TARGETS







Refurbishment works to approximately 1,100 sqm of 

vacant space were completed as expected in 3Q 2018. 

The revised marketing is underway with a number of 

regional and national brokers having viewed the unit. 

A major new lease with tenant Intermarche has been 

signed. Related works of approximately €1.5 million 

(including certified environmental compliance works) 

were completed during the year.

The refurbishment works (€1.0 million) committed 

to in connection with the new lease were completed 

in 2018. The lease start date was 1 November 2018. 

Together with an additional new lease, all warehouse 

areas in the Duisburg property are fully let. A new 

building protection system for the whole building has 

been implemented. 

Assago F7-F11 

Viale Milanofiori 1, Milan, Italy

Parc Club du Bois du Tambour, 

Route de Nancy, Gondreville, France

Gewerbepark Duisburg, 

Hochstraße 150-152, Duisburg, Germany

Quality of Assets

In addition to driving cost savings on all assets wherever 

reasonably practicable, the Manager is also committed 

to minimising the environmental impact of the properties 

that it manages. As such, we have successfully 

implemented sustainability-led energy saving initiatives 

in Hamburg-Billstedt and Duisburg, Germany. New 

LED lighting was installed, with the aim of saving up to 

35% of energy costs related to lighting. At Hamburg-

Billbrook Park and Stuttgart Frickenhausen, Germany, 

more sustainable heating system components have been 

installed with the aim of reducing energy costs for tenants 

and also decreasing costs of managing vacant space.

ECONOMIC  

PILLAR

PAGE 17   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018




























































































GOVERNANCE  

PILLAR

Under the oversight of the Board, CEREIT is committed to developing and 

maintaining a culture of continuous improvement, ethical conduct and good 

governance and ensuring that this culture is supported by robust systems and 

processes. 

The Manager maintains a zero-tolerance approach 

towards fraudulent, corrupt and unethical business 

practices and conduct. The Code of Conduct articulates 

the standards of honesty, integrity, ethical and law-

abiding behaviour expected of Directors, officers and 

employees. The document also provides guidance on 

gifts and entertainment, confidentiality, fair dealing as 

well as handling misconduct (including harassment) and 

conflicts of interest or duty. 

The Whistleblowing policy encourages employees to 

report promptly to a dedicated email address and in 

good faith any factual or suspected contravention of the 

Code of Conduct. Examples of these issues may include 

but are not limited to criminal offences, breaches 

of the Code of Conduct, substantial environmental 

damage or conflict of interests in business dealings. 

The Chairperson of the Audit and Risk Committee is 

responsible for ensuring validated concerns investigated 

with appropriate follow up actions taken. For more 

details, please refer to the Whistleblowing Statement on 

the company website. 

Regular emphasis on ethical and responsible work 

conduct is done through communication of the 

Whistleblowing policy to all employees through email as 

well as a relevant mention in CEREIT’s Annual Report. 

The procedures to raise such concerns are also included 

in the policy and disclosed.  The policy is reviewed 

annually to ensure its relevance. In FY 2018, there were 

no confirmed incidents of corruption, bribery, fraud or 

misappropriations reported through the whistleblowing 

channel.

PERPETUAL 

TARGET

PERPETUAL 

TARGET

Zero confirmed 

cases of corruption, 

bribery, fraud or 

misappropriations

Performance for FY 2018 

Achieved

Anti-corruption 

Trust, Transparency and Governance

In its inaugural year of operations, the Manager has 

focused on establishing an effective ERM framework 

aligned with industry practices and guidelines, including 

Singapore Code of Corporate Governance 2012, Risk 

Governance Guidance for Listed Boards, Board Risk 

Committee Guide (2016) and SGX Listing Rule 1207(10). 

The Framework will be reviewed and updated annually 

to ensure its continued relevance. The Audit and Risk 

Committee will be informed should there be changes 

required. 

In FY 2018, CEREIT prepared its first CG Report 

in accordance with Singapore Code of Corporate 

Governance 2012 as part of the Annual Report. The CG 

report also covering ERM can be found on Pages 132 

to 155 (CG) and pages 144 to 145 (ERM) of the Annual 

Report.  

PAGE 18   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018
































































































CEREIT operates in a highly regulated environment. 

The Manager has in place a suite of policies to ensure 

the businesses remain in compliance with applicable 

legislation and regulations and is regularly reviewing and 

updating them. 

Figure 7: Selected Policies and Practices to ensure 

Regulatory Compliance

Policy

Description

Securities Trading 

Policy

The policy provides assurance of 

dealing in Securities in CEREIT 

by Directors and employees in 

compliance with the policy and 

all applicable laws including but 

not limited to the Securities and 

Futures Act (Chapter 289) (SFA).

Interest Rate Risk 

Management 

Policy

The policy ensures active 

management of interest risk and 

debt associated with loans taken 

on by CEREIT.

Market Disclosure 

Protocol

The protocol ensures immediate 

disclosure of price sensitive 

information to SGX so that 

all Unitholders have equal 

and timely access to material 

information concerning CEREIT.

Cyber-readiness and Data Governance

Information systems and networks are critical assets for 

CEREIT, the Manager and Property Manager.  IT security 

is essential to maintaining reputation, operational 

effectiveness and regulatory compliance requirements. 

The Manager is supported by the Group’s technology 

infrastructure and IT team. With the growing concern of 

security threats, the IT team has put in place two policies 

– IT Code of Practice (for all employees) and Global IT 

Operating Policy (for the IT Department, team members 

or any external contractor performing IT tasks) which 

sets out the standards and guidelines to be observed 

when performing work on Cromwell IT systems and 

infrastructure.

The requirements set out under both policies are also 

included in contractual agreements with all external 

service providers of technology and information security. 

It is imperative that all individuals working on Cromwell 

systems are familiar with the requirements prior to 

commencing work. 

In FY 2018, the Manager is pleased to announce that 

there were no breaches of data privacy and losses of 

customer data across countries of operations.

GOVERNANCE  

PILLAR

In August 2018, CEREIT was conferred a Platinum 

Award, in the category for industrial REITs with 

market capitalisation of US$1 billion and above, at 

the Asia Pacific Best of the Breeds REITs AwardsTM 

2018 ceremony. 

The accolade bears testament to CEREIT’s 

excellence in six areas: 

• Financial performance 

• Market performance

• Corporate governance 

• Underlying asset quality

• REIT manager quality 

• Risk management policies

PERPETU

TARGE

PERPETUAL TARGET

PERPETUAL 

TARGET 

(FY 2019  

ONWARDS) 

Continue to 

comply with SGX 

and MAS Guiding 

Principles and 

Recommendations

Maintain good 

compliance 

record

FY 2018 Performance 

Achieved

FY 2018 Performance 

Achieved

Regulatory Compliance

PAGE 19   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018
































































































Sustainable Supply Chain 

The Manager extends its commitments on sustainability 

to its suppliers. A global compliance framework is 

currently being designed and its implementation will 

promote robust supply chain management practices 

across the business. This framework will include 

assessment and reduction of environmental and other 

impacts associated with CEREIT’s supply chain.  Prior 

to engaging with suppliers, CEREIT ensures that service 

providers are informed of its code of conduct and the 

requirement to comply with all applicable laws and 

regulations.

GOVERNANCE  

PILLAR

PERPETUAL 

TARGET

PERPETUAL TARGET

PERPETUAL 

TARGET 

(FY 2019  

ONWARDS) 

Maintain an 

effective Business 

Continuity and Crisis 

Management Plan

Business Continuity 

The Manager is committed to establishing and following 

policies and procedures for business continuity covered 

under the MAS Business Continuity Management 

Guidelines, including maintaining and monitoring 

effective Business Continuity and Crisis Management 

Plan.

PAGE 20   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018




























































































PEOPLE  

PILLAR

2

2

&lt;30 years old

30 to 50 years old 

&gt;50 years old

5

1

1

71.4%

NEW 

HIRES

Employee Profile

Both the Manager and Property Manager of CEREIT are 

wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Sponsor. The Sponsor, 

Cromwell Property Group, is a real estate investor and 

manager that has been listed in its current form on 

the ASX since 2006. This structure allows CEREIT’s 

Manager to leverage on the Sponsor’s extensive 

European platform to the Unitholders’ advantage. The 

Sponsor has a 15-year European track record with AUM 

of approximately €3.9 billion and over 200 employees 

across 20 offices in 12 European countries. 

Figure 8: Breakdown by gender and age

FY

FY

FY

FY

&lt;30 years old

30 to 50 years old 

&gt;50 years old

&lt;30 years old

30 to 50 years old 

&gt;50 years old

1

As at 31 December 2018, the Manager employed ten 

full-time employees who have extensive relevant 

management experience in its Singapore and European 

offices. 60% of employees have a permanent contract 

with CEREIT. The Manager had seven new hires and 

one resignation in the Calendar Year 2018. Further 

breakdown of employees according to age group and 

gender is showcased in Figure 8.

57%

43%

1 male /100%

TURN 

OVER

7

2

New hire and rate breakdown by age group, gender 

Turnover and rate breakdown by age group, gender 

14.3%

14.3%

FY 2018

 PERFORMANCE

FY 2019

 TARGETS

FY 2018

 PERFORMANCE

FY 2019

 TARGETS

FY 2018

 PERFORMANCE

FY 2019

 TARGETS

1

100%

PAGE 21   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018




























































































FY 2019 TARGETS

PERPETUAL 

TARGET

PERPETUAL 

TARGET

PERPETUAL TARGET

PERPETUAL 

Talent Attraction, Retention and Career Development

Aligned with the Sponsors’ values, the Manager believes 

people are the company’s greatest asset, and strives 

to create a diverse and inclusive working environment 

for all employees. Since its incorporation, the CEREIT 

Manager has introduced a comprehensive set of P&amp;C 

policies, governing areas on employment-related matters 

such as recruitment, training and development as well 

as performance management. The Manager maintains 

a zero-tolerance stance on any forms of workplace 

harassment. Employees could reach out to their 

immediate supervisors or raise their concerns on P&amp;C 

matters through the formalised grievance procedure. In 

2018, the Manager recorded no cases of P&amp;C-related 

concerns raised through the grievance channel. 

All team members need to have the skills and capability 

to help the Manager execute CEREIT’s strategy. 

Fostering a learning culture where employees are 

accountable for their own personal development 

and constantly develop their skills and knowledge is 

paramount to CEREIT’s success. 

The Group’s training and development framework 

(‘Learning @ Cromwell’ (Figure 9)) identifies five 

development areas which are critical for the REIT’s 

success. Each employee works with their supervisor 

to develop a personalised training plan for these 

areas.  Under this Framework, the employees are also 

encouraged to adopt different learning methods that 

include both experiential and formal education to suit 

individual style and different skillsets. 

In its first year of operation, each of the Manager’s 

employees underwent a comprehensive onboarding 

process. The Manager also conducted relevant 

governance and risk management training.  The 

appointed representatives of CMS licence under the 

Manager also undertook the required continuing 

professional development training.  

PEOPLE  

PILLAR

Discussions on performance are held informally 

on a regular basis to ensure that any improvement 

areas would be addressed in timely manner. Formal 

performance appraisals are conducted at least once a 

year.  

The Manager also provides a competitive remuneration 

package and benefits for all employees. Benefits range 

from life insurance, healthcare, parental leave, mandatory 

retirement contributions as well as stock ownership 

available to selected employees. They are provided in 

accordance to local labour regulations and acts. 

COMPLIANCE

LEADERSHIP

CORE SKILLS

PROFESSIONAL 

DEVELOPMENT

STUDY SUPPORT

Learning @ Cromwell

Figure 9: Learning @ Cromwell Framework

Achieve more than 75% participation from CEREIT Manager team 

in the group employee engagement survey

Increase Manager L&amp;D hours by at least 5%

PAGE 22   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018








































































































 Figure 10: Types of Training under each of the Five Development Areas

Learning@Cromwell

Goals

Examples of Types of Training to be conducted

Compliance

Meet legislative 

requirements in the 

countries of operation

• Anti-bullying and harassment

• Anti-discrimination

• Anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism

• Anti-bribery and corruption training

• Workplace health and safety

Leadership

Encourage a high-

performance culture, 

structured and targeted to 

varying levels of leadership 

• Various leadership trainings for supervisors, middle 

management, heads of functions as well as change 

management modules

• Supported by coaching

Core Skills 

Build core skills 

capabilities 

• People: Interpersonal skills, stakeholder management, 

presentation

• IT: Proficiency on MS Office software

• Specialised: Finance and business-related training (i.e. 

financial forecasting)

Professional 

Development 

Increasing knowledge 

and enabling cross sector 

awareness 

• Personal development topics including health and wellness, 

EQ and IQ and diversity 

• Knowledge-sharing sessions through participation at 

networking events, seminars and conferences

Study Support 

Advancing and building 

technical/professional 

capability 

• Traineeships and internships 

• Sponsorship to attain further certifications

The Manager’s and CEREIT’s P&amp;C Policies: 

1. Policy and Procedures for Capital Market 

License Holders / Representatives 

2. Employment - related policies covering:

a. Recruitment &amp; Selection

b. Employee Referral

c. Termination 

PEOPLE  

PILLAR

3. Career development – related policies covering:

a. Training and Development

b. Performance Management and Improvement 

4. Sexual Harassment Policy 

5. Social Media Policy 

6. Grievance Procedure for all P&amp;C-related matters

PAGE 23   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018




























































































FY 2019

 TARGET

FY 2020 

TARGET

FY 2019 

TARGET

PERPETUAL

 TARGET

3







STAKEHOLDER  

PILLAR

Regular engagement is key in maintaining close and 

stable relationships with tenant-customers and to 

measure their satisfaction levels. In FY 2018, the 

Manager engaged specialised consultants RealService 

to conduct a Voice of Customer feedback study 

across CEREIT’s portfolio. The survey questionnaire 

covered a comprehensive range of topics including  

occupiers’ satisfaction levels with various aspects of the 

Property Manager’s service including communication, 

responsiveness, understanding needs, property 

maintenance services, approach to sustainability, value 

for money and overall satisfaction. 

Over a course of two months, the consultants engaged 

with 44 tenant-customers located in Denmark, France, 

Germany, Italy and the Netherlands, representing 49% 

of FY 2018’s rental income. The tenant-customers were 

surveyed through the questionnaire to gather both 

quantitative and qualitative feedback. In total, at portfolio 

level, an NPS for CEREIT came at -7.5. 

The overall portfolio satisfaction stood at 58% with most 

occupiers finding it easy to communicate with CEREIT 

and 71% of surveyed tenant-customers giving high 

marks on their relationship with the asset managers 

at a country level. Top improvement opportunities 

included maintenance, sustainability, rental as well 

as security. The result from this inaugural survey 

represents a meaningful baseline for CEREIT and paves 

the way for continuous improvement in the tenant-

customer engagement. The areas for improvement and 

recommendations on actions to be taken have been 

summarised in Figure 11. 

Detailed analysis of the survey results was also shared 

with asset managers across the five countries to give 

them the background to establish priorities and roll out 

follow-up actions. In 2019, the Manager aims to improve 

the NPS and the overall portfolio satisfaction level 

as well as to capture a larger proportion of feedback 

received as compared to 2018.

Security 

Cleaning and 

maintenance 

Sustainability 

• Enhancing security of entry 

doors and consider the need for 

additional patrols

• Review security arrangements 

and enhance security equipment 

(i.e. CCTV, alarm and mesh bars 

on windows)

• Engage with occupiers to work 

on increasing sustainability of 

buildings

• Review energy efficiency of 

buildings

• Carry out LED replacement 

exercises and explore energy 

efficient ways of heating

• Engage with occupiers to better 

understand their expectations

• Introduce planned preventive 

maintenance

• Proactively attend to maintenance 

and cleanliness issues across 

properties

• Organise more regular cleaning 

and maintenance of buildings

Figure 11: Areas for improvement and 

action plan to be taken

Tenant-customer Satisfaction 

Improve benchmark tenant-customer engagement  

score for CEREIT by at least 5% (FY 2019)

PAGE 24   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018




























































































Strong Partnerships

INVESTOR AND INDUSTRY RELATIONS 

The Manager has a dedicated investor relations team that runs a comprehensive and proactive investor relations 

programme. CEREIT’s investor communications are guided by the market disclosure protocol, that ensures that: 

(a) CEREIT immediately discloses all price sensitive information to the SGX-ST in accordance with the Listing 

Rules of SGX-ST Listing Rules and 

(b) all Unitholders have equal and timely access to material information concerning CEREIT, including its financial 

position, performance, ownership and governance, subject to the Listing Rules.

In addition to results briefings, the Manager communicates key updates on operational and financial performance 

as well as CEREIT’s strategy and initiatives through various platforms such as investor relations and senior 

Management Team participation in local and regional conferences, one-on-one meetings, group teleconferences, 

organised site visits as well as post-results investor luncheons. 

Since IPO, the Management Team has conducted more than 140 briefings and meetings across three continents in 

nine countries (Singapore, Hong Kong, Thailand, Malaysia, Korea, Japan, Australia, the Netherlands and the U.K.), 

engaging with more than 250 institutional investors, private wealth advisors, individual investors and investment 

bank research analysts.

The Manager is also active in the local and regional business and industry community, and holds membership in 

REIT Association of Singapore (REITAS) and Asia Pacific Real Estate Association (APREA). 

STAKEHOLDER  

PILLAR

FY 2019

 TARGET

FY 2020 

TARGET

FY 2019 

TARGET

PERPETUAL

 TARGET

3

Investors  

Maintain or improve the level of investor engagement and the 

number of briefings and meetings with investors in 2019 

Community  

Establish long-term community programme for CEREIT Manager 

(by the end of FY 2020)

Industry   

Maintain active memberships and 

involvement in key industry associations

Achieved

PAGE 25   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018
































































































COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT 

CEREIT is committed to assisting community development in meaningful ways.  The Manager provided a total of 

S$12,000 financial support for four charities focused on three key social issues in Singapore: 

Charities

Beneficiaries

Empowering children and youths of tomorrow 

The Manager believes in supporting the communities in which it operates in by providing 

children and youth with equitable opportunities regardless of the background they come 

from. This is not limited to simply quality education, but also a strong support system to 

nurture and develop their potential to become useful contributors to society in the future.

Epworth Community 

Services

Child @ Street 11

Strengthening the confidence of local community

The Manager believes that everyone deserves a place in society where they can meaningfully 

participate and fulfil their aspirations. It therefore supports institutions that advocate 

inclusivity and provide the necessary person-centric programmes and trainings to bring out 

the confidence in people, including those with disabilities, to flourish in the community.

Rainbow Centre

Supporting the silver generation

With the increasingly ageing population in Singapore, the Manager believes in giving back 

to those who have provided significant contributions to building the community that we live 

and work in today. This is also part of its commitment towards providing a more conducive 

environment where people can grow and live in confidence for generations ahead.

Geylang Home for the 

Aged

STAKEHOLDER  

PILLAR







Moving forward, the Manager aims to introduce 

a long-term philanthropic and volunteering 

programme for its team members to foster social 

engagement and encourage the giving spirit. 

The Manager will continue to look for assistance 

opportunities for local communities in other 

countries of operation in the coming years.

Children and youth at risk 

Support for people with disabilities           

Ageing and palliative care

PAGE 26   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018




























































































ENVIRONMENT 

PILLAR

Aligned with the Group’s strategy, the Manager aims to minimise the environmental 

impact of CEREIT’s properties and to adopt best practices in sustainability by 

obtaining leading sustainability certifications from leading organisations such as 

BREEAM and GRESB. At each property, the Property Manager is responsible for 

overseeing the assets environmental performance and providing regular feedback 

to the Manager.

Environmental Management System

In FY 2018, Ambiente was engaged to provide a 

tailored EM Programme for CEREIT. Currently, the 

EM Programme focuses on CEREIT’s light industrial/ 

logistics assets located in Germany, France, Denmark 

and the Netherlands. 

As all assets are newly-acquired, the EM programme 

firstly focuses on an EDD exercise to identify any 

significant environmental hazards that require 

immediate action, such as presence of asbestos or 

potential soil and groundwater contamination. In 2019, 

we will work to address lower risk issues which are 

identified during scheduled EM inspections. 

Key stakeholders are involved through an online, real-

time environmental tracking tool, where progress can be 

updated regularly and monitored by project managers, 

auditors, CEREIT’s AMs and PMs. The tool informs 

stakeholders of upcoming audits, inspections and results 

of the EM inspections. From the recommendations 

provided, follow up tasks are created for respective 

CEREIT’s AMs and PMs. AMs and PMs are required to 

sign off/on in the platform upon task completion. 

Improvements made through EM Program at various 

countries

France – Parc 

d’Osny

Arranged for proper decommission 

of former operational underground 

storage tanks.

The Netherlands 

– Deventer

Developed cost-effective 

remediation method for soil 

contamination issues found on site. 

Denmark

Collation of asbestos 

documentation across the portfolio 

and obtaining proposals for 

undertaking necessary asbestos 

work.

Review of properties to ensure 

Energy Certification is needed for 

the building.

Moving forward, inspections have been scheduled 

for FY 2019 where outstanding environmental 

recommendations have been assigned to appropriate 

people for action. Through the EM program, AMs and 

respective PMs are engaged to resolve outstanding 

issues by the end of the programme. 

FY 20

 TARG

FY 2019 &amp; FY 2020 TARGETS

3

0

5,000

10,000

15,000

20,000

25,000

30,000

0

20

40

60

80

100

120

140

160

180

District 

heating

Consumed 

electricity 

(renewable)

Consumed 

electricity 

(non-renewable)

Denmark

Italy

Germany

France

Netherlands

0

10,000

20,000

30,000

40,000

50,000

60,000

70,000

80,000

0

10,000

20,000

30,000

40,000

50,000

60,000

70,000

80,000

Non-operational 

control

Total

Operational

control

Scope 2 GHG Emissions

Energy Consumption

Energy Consumption (’000 KWh)

Scope 2 GHG Emissions (tonnes CO₂e)

Energy Consumption (’000 KWh)

Energy Efficiency (KWh/sqm/year)

Improve FY 2019 GRESB Score by at least 5%

Obtain BREEAM for ten properties in FY 2019 and FY 2020

Obtain EPC for all assets where legally required

PAGE 27   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018




























































































ENVIRONMENT 

PILLAR

EPC is a rating scheme for the energy efficiency of 

buildings in the European Union. Currently, CEREIT’s 

assets have obtained a total of 195 certificates which 

cover 100% of the French, German, Italian and Dutch 

portfolio1. By FY 2019, CEREIT aims to attain EPC 

certifications for the remaining Danish assets and obtain 

BREEAM certification for ten properties in FY 2019 and 

FY 2020. 

1   Danish assets have not attained certification due to the different legislations.  An asset could have multiple certificates due to number of buildings at an asset (i.e. The 

Netherlands and Germany) or number of house-numbers for buildings at the asset in France. The rating system may differ for each country. For example, all except for 

Germany have a system from A to G with A being the most efficient. The thresholds range for each rate and differ for each country. The rating is also differentiated by 

seasons (i.e. winter and summer). CEREIT has taken summer ratings to ensure consistency across countries and certification.

2  Energy consumption of district heating is reported in MWh where 3.6 GJ is equivalent to 1 MWh. 

3  Grid emission factors have been obtained from European Environment Agency (EEA) where latest published data available is 2016. 

4 The data for four non-operational control properties in Germany only includes 1Q and 2Q 2018 data due to additional time taken to gather the necessary data.  

FY 2019

 TARGET

FY 2019 &amp; FY 2020 TARGETS

3

0

5,000

10,000

15,000

20,000

25,000

30,000

0

20

40

60

80

100

120

140

160

180

District 

heating

Consumed 

electricity 

(renewable)

Consumed 

electricity 

(non-renewable)

Denmark

Italy

Germany

France

Netherlands

0

10,000

20,000

30,000

40,000

50,000

60,000

70,000

80,000

0

10,000

20,000

30,000

40,000

50,000

60,000

70,000

80,000

Non-operational 

control

Total

Operational

control

Scope 2 GHG Emissions

Energy Consumption

Energy Consumption (’000 KWh)

Scope 2 GHG Emissions (tonnes CO₂e)

Energy Consumption (’000 KWh)

Energy Efficiency (KWh/sqm/year)

Figure 14: 75 properties in the IPO 

Portfolio including Ivrea as % of 

CEREIT portfolio as at  

31 December 2018

1,309,378 

sqm

Properties not 

included in the 

environment pillar 

reporting of the 

Sustainability Report 

33%

67%

0

5,000

10,000

15,000

20,000

25,000

30,000

0

20

40

60

80

100

120

140

160

180

District 

heating

Consumed 

electricity 

(renewable)

Consumed 

electricity 

(non-renewable)

Denmark

Italy

Germany

France

Netherlands

0

10,000

20,000

30,000

40,000

50,000

60,000

70,000

80,000

0

10,000

20,000

30,000

40,000

50,000

60,000

70,000

80,000

S

2 GHG E

i

i

E

C

ti

Energy Consumption (’000 KWh)

Scope 2 GHG Emissions (tonnes CO₂e)

Energy Consumption (’000 KWh)

Energy Efficiency (KWh/sqm/year)

Figure 15: Breakdown of energy consumption by sources 

and by countries and respective energy efficiencies

Figure 16: Breakdown of energy consumption and Scope 2 

GHG Emissions of assets by control4 

In FY 2018, the majority of energy consumption came 

from purchased grid electricity and district heating2, 

resulting in 71,082 MWh of electrical energy which 

translates to a total of 8,343 tonnes of carbon dioxide3. 

CEREIT is committed to increase the renewable energy 

consumption within its portfolio. Currently, 100% of 

purchased electricity in the Netherlands and Germany 

and 13% from Denmark are from renewable sources. 

FY 2019 &amp; FY 2020 TARGETS

3

0

5,000

10,000

15,000

20,000

25,000

30,000

District 

heating

Consumed 

electricity 

(renewable)

Consume

electricity

(non-rene

Italy

Germany

France

Netherlands

0

10,000

20,000

30,000

40,000

50,000

60,000

70,000

80,000

N

co

Total

Operational

control

Scope 2 G

Energy Consumption

Energy Consumption (’000 KWh)

Energy Consumption (’000 KWh)

Figure 12: Renewable vs non-

renewable electricity consumed 

across the 75 properties in the IPO 

Portfolio including Ivrea 

71,082 

MWh

Consumed 

electricity 

(renewable)

29%

71%

Consumed 

electricity  

(non-renewable and 

district heating)

FY 2019 &amp; FY 2

3

0

5,000

10,000

15,000

20,000

25,000

30,000

Nethe

0

10,000

20,000

30,000

40,000

50,000

60,000

70,000

80,000

E

Energy Consumption (’000 KWh)

Energy Consumption (’000 KWh)

1,166,286 

sqm

Operational 

control

28%

72%

Figure 13: Breakdown by % of 

operational vs. non-operational 

control in sqm of the 75 properties 

in the IPO Portfolio including Ivrea

Non-

operational 

control

Properties included 

in the environment 

pillar reporting of 

the Sustainability 

Report 

Improving Energy Efficiency and Reducing Carbon Footprint  

PAGE 28   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018



























































































162.0

Energy  

Efficiency

9,410

69,033

8,003

71,082

8,343

2,508

5,025

221.8

2,049

340

7,857

59.9

40.7

104.9

55.6

17,238

16,074

1,108

11,241

52

347






ENVIRONMENT 

PILLAR

Case Study - Power ‘em up! 

Throughout 2018, registrations of alternatively-

powered cars across the European Union (EU) 

grew significantly. Electrically-chargeable vehicles 

have led this growth with the greatest gain, notably 

driven by an increase in battery-operated vehicles. 

Approximately 100,000 charging points are available 

across the EU today. 

Cromwell proactively monitors the local trends 

in electrically-chargeable vehicles. By FY 2020, 

Cromwell will be looking to increase the current 

number of  charging points for electrical cars and 

bikes by 40% from the existing 141 to 201. The 

Group strives to progressively install more of these 

charging stations in the coming years. 

Sustainability Certification - GRESB 

In 2018, 75% of CEREIT’s IPO portfolio obtained inaugural GRESB assessment for the performance of the assets. 

CEREIT achieved a score of 47 for the overall assessment, with higher scores than the peer group for Management 

(100%) and Building Certifications (56%). The Manager has worked closely with the Group’s sustainability team to 

improve the score in FY 2019 and to achieve higher peer group average by FY 2020. The key initiatives to achieve this 

goal are outlined below.

GRESB Categories

Implemented action plan

Policy &amp; Disclosure

1. Adopt and adapt the Sponsor’s sustainability policies and framework

2. Ensure that CEREIT’s website complies with two-click rule

3. Publish standalone Sustainability Report following GRI framework

Monitoring and Environment 

Management System 

In FY 2018, as part of the Sponsor’s initiative, a new global Sustainability 

Operating System, Envizi, was rolled out at all assets. This software 

formalises data collection process and allows the Property Manager to 

monitor, measure and report on sustainability performance effectively. The 

data collection will start in 1Q 2019 in five countries.  Should there be any 

anomalies, respective AMs and PMs will be notified for timely action. 

Stakeholder Engagement

• Tenant-customer engagement through survey as detailed under tenant- 

customer satisfaction section 

• Active investor relations programme

PAGE 29   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018




























































































APPENDICES 

GRI Content Index

General Standard Disclosures

GRI Standard 

Disclosure

Section of Report and / or Explanation 

for Omission

Pg.

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

Organisational Profile 

102-1

Name of the organisation

About CEREIT

7

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and 

services

About CEREIT

7-8

102-3

Location of headquarters

About CEREIT

Back 

cover

102-4

Location of operations

About CEREIT

7-8

102-5

Ownership and legal form

About CEREIT

8

102-6

Markets served

About CEREIT

7

102-7

Scale of the organisation

About CEREIT 

People Pillar – Employee Profile

7-8 

21

102-8

Information on employees and 

other workers

People Pillar – Employee Profile

21

102-9

Supply chain

Governance Pillar – Sustainable Supply 

Chain

The Manager ensures sustainability 

across its supply chain. CEREIT’s 

supply chain comprises cleaning, 

maintenance, landscaping contractors 

for the corporate offices as well as 

professional service providers of 

banking, audit, taxes, IT, marketing 

and communications, tenant-customer 

satisfaction surveys and  environmental 

consultancy amongst others. Corporate 

service contractors are mostly local 

firms in Singapore while property 

management services are sourced at 

respective operating countries. 

20

102-10

Significant changes to the 

organisation and its supply chain

No significant changes to CEREIT and its supply 

chain

102-11

Precautionary Principle or 

Approach

Governance Pillar - Trust, 

Transparency and Governance

18

102-12

External Initiatives

CEREIT does not participate in any external 

initiatives

102-13

Membership of Associations

Stakeholder Pillar – Strong 

Partnerships – Investor and Industry 

Relations

25

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-

maker

Board Statement and CEO Message 

5-6

PAGE 30   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018




























































































APPENDICES 

GRI Content Index

General Standard Disclosures

GRI Standard 

Disclosure

Section of Report and / or Explanation 

for Omission

Pg.

Ethics and Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, 

and norms of behaviour

About CEREIT 

People Pillar

7-8 

22

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

Approach to Sustainability - 

Sustainability Framework 

12

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder Engagement 

13

102-41

Collective bargaining 

agreements

None of CEREIT’s employees are covered under 

collective bargaining agreements 

102-42

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders

Stakeholder Engagement

13

102-43

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement

Stakeholder Engagement

13

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder Engagement

13

Reporting Practice

102-45

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements

Annual Report 2018

217-

218

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries

About the Report

9-10

102-47

List of material topics

Our Sustainability Commitments 

Materiality Assessment

4 

14

102-48

Restatements of information

This is CEREIT’s inaugural SR 

102-49

Changes in reporting

This is CEREIT’s inaugural SR 

102-50

Reporting period

1 January 2018 – 31 December 2018

102-51

Date of most recent report

This is CEREIT’s inaugural SR 

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report

About the Report

11

102-54

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with the GRI 

Standards

About the Report

9

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index

30-35

102-56

External assurance

About the Report

11

PAGE 31   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018




























































































Material Topics

GRI Standard 

Disclosure

Section of Report and / or 

Explanation for Omission

Pg.

Sustainable Economic Value Creation 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

About the Report 

9-10 

 

15-17

103-2

The management approach and 

its components

Our Sustainability Commitments 

Economic Pillar

4 

15-17

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Economic Pillar 

15-17

GRI 201: Economic 

Performance 2016

201-1

Direct economic value generated 

and distributed

Due to CEREIT’s structure as externally 

managed REIT, the economic distribution 

is via private entity while economic value 

generation is by the REIT. Hence, the 

disclosure is not applicable. For CEREIT’s 

financial performance, please refer to our 

AR 2018.

Quality of Assets

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

About the Report  

Environment Pillar

9-10 

27-29

103-2

The management approach and 

its components

Our Sustainability Commitments 

Environment Pillar

4 

27-29

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Environment Pillar

27-29

Non-GRI  

-

Percentage of portfolio with 

Energy Performance Certificate 

Environment Pillar – Improving 

Energy Efficiency and Reducing 

Carbon Footprint

28

Anti-corruption 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

About the Report  

Governance Pillar

9-10 

18

103-2

The management approach and 

its components

Our Sustainability Commitments 

Governance Pillar

4 

18

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Governance Pillar

18

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 2016

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption 

and actions taken

Governance Pillar - Anti-

corruption

18

APPENDICES 

GRI Content Index

PAGE 32   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018




























































































Regulatory Compliance 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

About the Report  

Governance Pillar

9-10 

19

103-2

The management approach and 

its components

Our Sustainability Commitments 

Governance Pillar

4 

19

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Governance Pillar

19

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations

Governance Pillar - Regulatory 

Compliance

19

GRI 416: Customer 

Health and Safety 

2016

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning the health and safety 

impacts of products and services

Governance Pillar - Regulatory 

Compliance

19

GRI 419: 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

419-2

Non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and 

economic area

Governance Pillar - Regulatory 

Compliance

19

Cyber-readiness and Data Governance 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

About the Report  

Governance Pillar

9-10 

19

103-2

The management approach and 

its components

Our Sustainability Commitments 

Governance Pillar

4 

19

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Governance Pillar

19

GRI 418: Customer 

Privacy

418-1

Substantiated complaints 

concerning breaches of customer 

privacy and losses of customer 

data

Governance Pillar - Cyber-

readiness and Data Governance

19

Talent Attraction, Retention and Career Development

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

About the Report  

People Pillar - Talent Attraction, 

Retention and Career 

Development

9-10 

 

22-23

103-2

The management approach and 

its components

Our Sustainability Commitments 

People Pillar - Talent Attraction, 

Retention and Career 

Development

4 

22-23

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

People Pillar - Talent Attraction, 

Retention and Career 

Development

22-23

APPENDICES 

GRI Content Index

Material Topics

GRI Standard 

Disclosure

Section of Report and / or 

Explanation for Omission

Pg.

PAGE 33   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018




























































































GRI 401: Employment 

2016 

401-1

New employee hires and 

employee turnover

People Pillar – Employee Profile 

21

401-2

Benefits provided to full-time 

employees that are not provided 

to temporary or part-time 

employees

People Pillar - Talent Attraction, 

Retention and Career 

Development

22

401-3

Parental leave

Employees entitled to parental leave in FY 

2018 did not apply for parental leave.

GRI 404: Training and 

Education 2016 

404-1

Average hours of training per year 

per employee

In FY 2018, the average training hours 

per employee was 3.1 hours. With the 

roll out of the specialised training plan in 

FY 2019, CEREIT aims to increase L&amp;D 

hours by 5%. 

404-2

Programs for upgrading employee 

skills and transition assistance 

programs

Training and scope: Not applicable to 

Singapore. In the very rare situation 

where any employee’s role is no longer 

required, Outplacement Services are 

offered to assist with the transition.

404-3

Percentage of employees 

receiving regular performance 

and career development 

programs

People Pillar - Talent Attraction, 

Retention and Career 

Development

22

GRI 405: Diversity and 

Equal Opportunity 

2016

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies 

and employees

People Pillar – Employee Profile  

We have four males (In between 

30-50 years: 1, Above 50 years of 

age: 3) and one female (above 50 

years of age) on the Board.

21

Tenant-Customer Satisfaction 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

About the Report  

Stakeholder Pillar – Tenant 

-customer Satisfaction

9-10 

 

24

103-2

The management approach and 

its components

Our Sustainability Commitments 

Stakeholder Pillar – Tenant 

-customer Satisfaction

4 

 

24

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Stakeholder Pillar – Tenant 

-customer Satisfaction

24

APPENDICES 

GRI Content Index

Material Topics

GRI Standard 

Disclosure

Section of Report and / or 

Explanation for Omission

Pg.

PAGE 34   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018




























































































Strong Partnerships

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

About the Report  

Stakeholder Pillar – Strong 

Partnerships

9-10 

25

103-2

The management approach and 

its components

Our Sustainability Commitments 

Stakeholder Pillar – Strong 

Partnerships 

4 

 

25

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Stakeholder Pillar – Strong 

Partnerships

25

Improving Energy Intensity and Reducing Carbon Footprint

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

About the Report 

Environment Pillar

9-10 

27-29

103-2

The management approach and 

its components

Our Sustainability Commitments 

Environment Pillar

4 

27-29

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Environment Pillar 

27-29

GRI 302: Energy 2016

302-1

Energy consumption within the 

organisation

Environment Pillar - Improving 

Energy Intensity and Reducing 

Carbon Footprint 

28

302-3

Energy Intensity

Environment Pillar - Improving 

Energy Intensity and Reducing 

Carbon Footprint 

28

GRI 305: Emissions 

2016

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions

Not applicable to CEREIT as no fuel 

consumption across the portfolio. 

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG 

Emissions

Environment Pillar - Improving 

Energy Intensity and Reducing 

Carbon Footprint

28

APPENDICES 

GRI Content Index

Material Topics

GRI Standard 

Disclosure

Section of Report and / or 

Explanation for Omission

Pg.

PAGE 35   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018




























































































BUILDING NAME

ADDRESS

CITY

AREA

Denmark

Light Industrial / Logistics

Naverland 7-11

Glostrup

22,169

Priorparken 700

Brøndby

15,340

Priorparken 800

Brøndby

14,703

Stamholmen 111

Hvidore

13,626

Hjulmagervej 3-19

Vejle

12,807

Naverland 8

Glostrup

11,945

Herstedvang 2-4

Albertslund

11,860

Islevdalvej 142

Rødovre

11,150

C.F. Tietgensvej 10

Kolding

9,429

Hørskætten 4-6

Tåstrup

8,988

Fabriksparken 20

Glostrup

7,614

Naverland 12

Glostrup

6,875

Hørskætten 5

Tåstrup

4,985

France

Light Industrial / Logistics

Parc des Docks

50 rue Ardoin

Saint Ouen

73,371

Parc d’Osny

9 chaussée Jules César, ZAC des Beaux Soleils

Osny

40,288

Parc de l’Esplanade

Rue Paul Henri Spaak - rue Enrico Fermi - rue Niels 

Bohr

Saint Thibault 

des Vignes

29,854

Parc des Guillaumes

58 rue de Neuilly – 2 rue du Trou Morin, ZAC des 

Guillaumes

Noisy-le-Sec

18,682

Parc Club du Bois du 

Tambour

Route de Nancy

Gondreville

16,509

Parc des Mardelles

44 rue Maurice de Broglie, 16, rue Henri Becquerel

Aulnay-sous-Bois

16,270

Parc de Popey

5 chemin de Popey

Bar-le-Duc

15,724

Parc du Landy

61 rue du Landy

Aubervilliers

12,763

Parc Urbaparc

75-79 rue du Rateau

La Courneuve

12,607

Parc Delizy

32 rue Délizy

Pantin

12,415

Parc du Merantais

1-3 rue Georges Guynemer

Magny-Les-

Hameaux

10,312

Parc des Grésillons

167-169 avenue des Grésillons

Gennevilliers

10,077

Parc le Prunay

13-41 rue Jean Pierre Timbaud, ZI du Prunay

Sartrouville

9,441

Parc des Érables

154 allée des Érables

Villepinte

8,073

Parc Acticlub

2 rue de la Noue Guimante, ZI de la Courtillière

Saint Thibault 

des Vignes 

8,055

Parc des Aqueducs

Chemin du Favier

St Genis Laval

7,341

Parc de la Chauvetière

4-28 rue du Vercors

Saint Etienne

7,204

List of Properties included in Sustainability Report - IPO Portfolio including Ivrea 

APPENDICES 

PAGE 36   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018




























































































APPENDICES 

Parc de Champs

40 boulevard de Nesles, ZAC le Ru du Nesles

Champs sur 

Marne

7,051

Parc Jean Mermoz

53 rue de Verdun – 81, rue Maurice Berteaux

La Courneuve

6,004

Parc Locaparc 2

59-65 rue Edith Cavell

Vitry-sur-Seine

5,614

Parc Jules Guesde

1 allée du Chargement, rue Jules Guesde, ZAC du Tir 

à Loques

Villeneuve D’Asq

5,332

Germany

Light Industrial / Logistics

Gewerbe-und Logistikpark 

Stuttgart-Frickenhausen

Siemensstraße 11

Frickenhausen

36,791

Gewerbe- und Logistikpark 

München-Kirchheim West

Parsdorfer Weg 10

Kirchheim

26,444

Gewerbe- und Logistikpark 

Frankfurt-Bischofsheim

An der Kreuzlache 8-12

Bischofsheim

18,924

Gewerbepark Hamburg–

Billstedt

Kolumbusstraße 16

Hamburg

18,714

Gewerbepark Duisburg

Hochstraße 150-152

Duisburg

17,692

Gewerbepark Straubing

Dresdner Straße 16, Sachsenring 52

Straubing

9,437

Gewerbepark München-

Kirchheim Ost

Henschelring 4

Kirchheim

9,029

Gewerbe- und Logistikpark 

München-Maisach

Frauenstraße 31

Maisach

8,663

Gewerbepark Hamburg-

Billbrook Park

Moorfleeter Straße 27, Liebigstraße 67-71

Hamburg

7,629

Gewerbepark Bischofsheim 

II

An der Steinlach 8-10

Bischofsheim

7,158

Gewerbepark Frankfurt-

Hanau

Kinzigheimer Weg 114

Hanau

6,257

Italy

Office

Ivrea

Via Guglielmo Jervis 13

Ivrea

19,743

Roma Amba Aradam

Via dell’Amba Aradam 5

Rome

16,688

Assago F7-F11

Viale Milanofiori 1

Milan

16,160

Pescara

Via Salara Vecchia 13

Pescara

15,998

Roma Pianciani

Via Pianciani 26

Rome

10,725

Milano Nervesa

Via Nervesa 21

Milan

9,712

Firenze

Via della Fortezza 8

Florence

9,139

Cuneo

Corso Annibale Santorre di Santa Rosa 15

Cuneo

8,795

Milano Affari

Piazza degli Affari 2

Milan

7,508

Mestre

Via Rampa Cavalcavia 16-18

Venice Mestre

4,081

BUILDING NAME

ADDRESS

CITY

AREA

List of Properties included in Sustainability Report - IPO Portfolio including Ivrea 

PAGE 37   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018




























































































Light Industrial / Logistics

Rutigliano

Strada Provinciale Adelfia

Rutigliano

29,638

Others

Bari Europa

Viale Europa 95

Bari

123,261

Saronno

Via Varese 23

Saronno

17,400

Lissone

Via Madre Teresa di Calcutta 4

Lissone

11,767

Padova

Via Brigata Padova 19

Padova

8,151

The Netherlands

Office

Haagse Poort

Prinses Beatrixlaan 35 - 37 &amp; Schenkkade 60 - 65

Den Haag

68,502

Central Plaza

Plaza 2 – 25 (retail) / Weena 580 – 618 (offices)

Rotterdam

33,263

De Ruyterkade 5

Amsterdam

8,741

Blaak 40

Rotterdam

7,788

Koningskade 30

Den Haag

5,696

Light Industrial / Logistics

Veemarkt

Veemarkt 27-75 / 50-76 / 92-114

Amsterdam

21,701

Harderwijkerstraat 5 - 29

Deventer

12,238

Boekweitstraat 1 - 21 &amp; Luzernestraat 2 - 12

Nieuw-Vennep

8,638

Bohrweg 19 - 57 &amp; 20 - 58

Spijkenisse

7,289

Antennestraat 46 - 76 &amp; Televisieweg 42 - 52

Almere

6,178

Kapoeasweg 4 - 16

Amsterdam

5,563

Folkstoneweg 5 - 15

Schiphol

5,438

Nieuwgraaf 9A - 19 &amp; Fotograaf 32 - 40

Duiven

5,420

Capronilaan 22 - 56

Schiphol-Rijk

5,250

Fahrenheitbaan 4 - 4D

Nieuwegein

4,599

Subtotal

1,166,286 

BUILDING NAME

ADDRESS

CITY

AREA

APPENDICES 

List of Properties included in Sustainability Report - IPO Portfolio including Ivrea 

PAGE 38   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018




























































































BUILDING NAME

ADDRESS

CITY

AREA

Finland

Office

Opus 1

Hitsaajankatu 24

Helsinki

6,821

Helsingin Mäkitorpantie 3

Mäkitorpantie 3b

Helsinki

4,367

Purotie 1

Purotie 1

Helsinki

4,692

Kuopion kauppakeskus

Kauppakatu 39

Kuopio

4,832

Plaza Forte

Äyritie 12 C

Vantaa

6,054

Plaza Allegro

Äyritie 8 B

Vantaa

4,620

Plaza Vivace

Äyritie 8 C

Vantaa

5,661

Grandinkulma

Kielotie 7

Vantaa

6,189

Liiketalo Myyrinraitti

Myyrmäenraitti 2

Vantaa

7,515

Pakkalan Kartanonkoski 3

Pakkalankuja 6

Vantaa

7,805

Pakkalan Kartanonkoski 12

Pakkalankuja 7

Vantaa

3,425

France

Light Industrial / Logistics

Parc de Louvresses

46-48 boulevard Dequevauvilliers

Gennevilliers

7,404

Parc de Meslay 

ZI du Papillon

Parcay-Meslay

5,232

Parc de Sully 

105 route d’Orléans

Sully-sur-Loire

15,500

Parc de Béziers 

Rue Charles Nicolle

Villeneuve-lès-Béziers

8,944

Italy

Office

Genova

Via Camillo Finocchiaro Aprile 1

Genova

15,537

Bari

Corso Lungomare Trieste 23

Bari

11,674

Poland

Office

Arkońska Business Park

Arkońska 1&amp;2

Gdańsk

11,166

Riverside Park

Fabryczna 5

Warsaw

12,478

Grójecka 5

Warsaw

10,717

The Netherlands

Office

Moeder Teresalaan 100 / 200

Utrecht

21,922

Bastion

Willemsplein 2 - 10

’s-Hertogenbosch

31,979

Subtotal

214,533

TOTAL

  1,380,819.41 

List of new acquisitions (as of 31 March 2019)

APPENDICES 

PAGE 39   I   CROMWELL EUROPEAN REIT    I   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   FY 2018




























































































Cromwell EREIT Management Pte. Ltd.

50 Collyer Quay 

#07-02 OUE Bayfront 

Singapore 049321



























































































