
























Banking with purpose amid the pandemic

DBS Group Holdings Ltd 

Sustainability Report 2020


Ourapproachand strategy

1 

 

Introduction 

2 

 

Highlights 

3 

 

CEO message 

4 

 

Sustainability overview 

8  

 

Governance 

9 

 

Material ESG matters  

10 

 

Stakeholder engagement 

12  

 

Topical issues in focus

Exploringourmaterialmatters

Pillar 1: Responsible banking 

17  

 

A.	 Responsible	financing 

22 

 

B.  Managing climate risks 

24 

 

C. Financial inclusion 

26 

 

D. Fair dealing 

26 

 

E. Cyber security 

27 

 

F. Data governance and privacy 

29 

 

G.	 Preventing	financial	crime

Pillar 2: Responsible business practices  

32 

 

H. Talent management and retention 

34 

 

I. 

Diversity and equal opportunity 

34 

 

J. 

Workplace well-being 

35  

 

K. Sustainable procurement 

37 

 

L. Managing our environmental footprint 

39 

 

M. Responsible tax management

Pillar 3: Creating social impact  

41 

 

N. Social entrepreneurship 

44  

 

O. Employee volunteerism

Appendix

47 

 

Geographic	profit	segmentation 

48  

 

Information on employees 

51  

 

Information on environmental footprint 

53  

 

10 Principles of UN Global Compact 

54  

 

Mapping to GRI Standards 

55  

 

GRI Content Index 

61  

 

SASB Standards 

63  

 

TCFD Content Index 

64  

 

Methodology for TCFD 

66 

 

Selected ESG-related awards, indices and ratings 

67  

 

Commitments and memberships 

68  

 

Abbreviations 

69  

 

Independent limited assurance report  

 

 

 

on sustainability information 

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together


Aboutthisreport

This Sustainability Report is approved by the Board and is prepared 

in accordance with, or taking reference to, the following regulations, 

standards and guidelines:

• Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (SGX-ST) Listing 

Rules 711A and 711B on Sustainability Report, and Practice Note 7.6 

Sustainability Reporting Guide issued in July 2016

• The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards – Core Option, 

issued in October 2016 (with subsequent revisions), and the G4 

Financial Services sector disclosures by the GRI Global Sustainability 

Standards Board

• The Guidelines on Responsible Financing issued in October 2015 

(revised June 2018) by the Association of Banks in Singapore

• Recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 

Disclosures (TCFD) in June 2017

• The	SASB	standards	based	on	the	five	Sustainable	Industries	

Classification	System	industries	within	the	Financials	sector	that	are	

most aligned with our mix of businesses: Commercial Banks (FN-CB), 

Consumer Finance (FN-CN), and Mortgage Finance (FN-MF)

We are a signatory to the United Nations (UN) Global Compact 

and are committed to the 10 Principles. This report serves as our 

Communication on Progress (CoP).

Coverage

This report covers the ESG principles, initiatives and performance of 

our operations across key markets. It contains information for the 

financial	year	1	January	to	31	December	2020,	unless	otherwise	stated.	

The report is to be read in conjunction with the Annual Report 2020 

and other sustainability-related disclosures on our website.

Feedback

We welcome feedback on this report and any aspect of our sustainability 

performance. Please address all feedback to DBS Group Sustainability 

at sustainability@dbs.com.

Overview

We continue to make strides in our sustainability agenda despite global 

disruptions and headwinds from Covid-19. As part of our ongoing 

efforts	to	support	our	clients	in	their	transition	towards	a	low-carbon	

economy, we published the Sustainable and Transition Finance 

Framework	and	Taxonomy	-	the	first	by	a	bank.	We	also	recently	

raised	our	sustainable	financing	target	to	SGD	50	billion	by	2024	and	

committed to ensure net zero operational carbon emissions across the 

Group by 2022. 

In recognition of the bank’s environmental, social and governance 

(ESG)	efforts,	we	were	named	the	“Best	Bank	for	Corporate	Social	

Responsibility in Asia” in Euromoney’s Award for Excellence 2020. We 

were	also	included	in	the	Dow	Jones	Sustainability	Index	(Asia-Pacific)	

for the third consecutive year, as well as the Bloomberg Gender-

Equality Index and FTSE4Good Global Index, for the fourth consecutive 

year. We continue to build on previous DBS Sustainability Reports 

and have enhanced our disclosures in line with the Sustainability 

Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards to provide more relevant 

information for our stakeholders.

Introduction

Introduction

1


Highlights

2

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

We are committed to ensure 

net zero operational  

carbon by 2022

Upskillingandreskillingourworkforce 

forthefuture

Launched in-house digital training

Future Tech Academy

to keep our technology workforce  

updated with relevant  

cutting-edge skills

over

18,000 employees

trained on data management

 

2,000 employees

trained in data science and business  

intelligence e-learning modules

Organised

AWS DeepRacer Challenge

and	trained	over	3,000	employees	on	the	 

fundamentals	of	artificial	intelligence	and	 

machine learning

Reducingenergyconsumptionandincreasing

efficiency

Across our key markets,

21%

of our electricity consumption  

is from renewable energy source

Commissioned

three new solar  

installations 

increasing our renewable energy  

generation capacity by 

427 KWp

1

Responsiblebanking 

Partneringcustomersinthetransition 

toasustainablelow-carboneconomy

We	are	raising	our	sustainable	finance	target	to

SGD 50 billion by 2024

Launched the

Sustainable and  

Transition Finance

Framework and Taxonomy

Closed

SGD 9.6 billion

in	sustainable	financing	transactions,	 

up 81% from previous year

Democratisingwealth 

andfinancingservices

Launched

NAV Planner

a	digital	financial	advisory	solution	leveraging	big	data	 

and technology to provide customised nudges  

to	customers	on	financial	decisions

NAV Planner has delivered more than

30 million

financial	planning	insights	to	customers

Complemented by 

DBS digiPortfolio 

a robo-technology investment platform, for retail 

customers	to	build	diversified	portfolios	based	on	 

their risk appetites

2

Responsiblebusiness 



practices

 

Reducingouroperationalfootprint

3

Creatingsocialimpact 

Supportingthecommunityand 

makingadifference 

Contributed close to

57,000 hours

of employee volunteering

Where over 12,000 hours were committed to skills-

based volunteering, a 90% increase year-on-year

Funding of

SGD 10.5 million

to help those hard-hit by Covid-19,  

including 4.5 million meals and care packs

Championingsocialentrepreneurship

Disbursed

SGD 550,000

in the inaugural DBS Foundation Business 

Transformation and Improvement Grant to encourage 

social enterprises in their digital transformation journey

Nurtured over

240

social enterprises,  

140% increase  

year-on-year

Provided record

SGD 9 million

in grants and loans in support  

for social enterprises to cope  

with the impact of the pandemic

Content series Sparks Season 2: Everyday Heroes for 

a Better World raises awareness for sustainability and 

social entrepreneurship through viewership of over

276 million




Piyush Gupta 

CEO 

DBS Group Holdings



CEO  

message 

While the sustainability agenda is intended to cover ESG attributes, 

it	is	fair	to	note	that	the	focus	on	the	“S”	has	been	somewhat	limited	

in recent years. Having said that, 2020 was truly an unprecedented 

year that brought social issues to the fore. While the pandemic 

posed	a	massive	challenge	to	the	global	economy	through	significant	

demand destruction, the impact on lives and livelihoods of people was 

visceral. The consequences of income and social inequity were stark, 

with hundreds of millions of people being unable to put food on the 

table, and daily wage and front-line workers being unable to protect 

themselves from the risks of infection.

In this environment, we felt that it was incumbent on companies to step 

up	and	offer	support,	be	it	to	our	customers,	our	employees	or	even	to	

society at large.

We	took	decisive	action	to	offer	cashflow	relief	to	customers,	both	

through	providing	“standstill	arrangements”	(customers	did	not	have	

to service their existing loans, in many cases for both principal and 

interest)	as	well	as	providing	new	subsidised	financing,	generally	with	

the help of government programmes. We also stepped up our digital 

capabilities to enable customers to interact with us electronically, as 

far	as	possible.	I	was	especially	proud	of	our	efforts	to	bring	migrant	

workers into the formal banking system – from April to June, we 

accelerated the opening of almost 60,000 bank accounts for migrant 

workers, so that they could bank digitally and transfer funds to their 

home countries with ease.

For our employees and the society at large, we too stepped up our 

efforts.	Employee	health	and	well-being	are	of	paramount	importance;	

we provided masks and personal protective equipment speedily, 

enabled work-from-home arrangements, made use of sophisticated 

internal	contact	tracing	tools	using	artificial	intelligence,	provided	care	

hampers	to	colleagues	serving	“stay	home	notices”,	and	curated	a	

series of mental wellness programmes to keep employee spirits up. To 

support the community, we launched the SGD 10.5 million Stronger 

Together Fund to provide meals, care packs, and medical supplies 

across the region. 

At the same time, we did not allow the pandemic to divert our attention 

from our broader agenda, centred around our three sustainability 

pillars – responsible banking, responsible business practices and 

creating social impact. 

For	our	first	pillar,	one	key	goal	is	to	reduce	our	Scope	3	carbon	

emissions by helping to shape our customers’ business models and 

behaviour. We have been reducing our thermal coal exposure and 

have	ceased	the	financing	of	new	coal-fired	power	plants	since	2019,	

while	dialling	up	the	financing	of	renewable	energy.	To	encourage	

carbon-intensive	companies	to	adopt	more	carbon	efficient	operations	

by considering commercially viable greener alternatives, we published 

the Sustainable and Transition Finance Framework and Taxonomy – a 

first	in	the	world	by	a	bank.	At	the	same	time,	we	closed	about	SGD	

9.6	billion	in	sustainable	financing	transactions	across	our	lending	

portfolios and raised over SGD 9.7 billion in sustainability-related 

bonds. We are pleased with our progress on this front, and have more 

than	doubled	our	sustainable	finance	target	for	2024	from	SGD	20	

billion to SGD 50 billion. In the consumer space, we continued to increase 

the	range	of	ESG	investments	we	offer	on	our	wealth	platform	and	

educated our private customers on integrating sustainability into their 

investment decisions. 

Key	to	“Responsible	Banking”	is	the	notion	of	creating	trust.	We	believe	

that	for	a	society	to	flourish,	corporates	and	communities	must	build	

strong ties based on a foundation of trust, and this can only be done 

on principles of transparency and fairness. We continued to improve 

the language and focus of our sustainability disclosures, as well as 

use our Fair Dealing and Conduct Committee (which I chair) to ensure 

that customers are always treated as we would expect ourselves to be 

treated.

For our second pillar, responsible business practices, we are reducing 

our carbon footprint and advancing the sustainable procurement 

agenda. To this end, we are now committed to ensure net zero 

operational carbon emissions by 2022. 

We have also deepened employee engagement as we pivot to 

distributed	workforce	models	and	flexible	work	arrangements,	while	

ensuring we have the right diversity policies so that we can access the 

right talent without any unconscious bias. 

For our third pillar of creating social impact, we doubled down 

on our community support and continued to champion social 

entrepreneurship through providing collateral-free working capital 

funding and skills-based volunteering. DBS and DBS Foundation 

disbursed a record total of SGD 9 million in loans and grants to social 

enterprises, to enable them to retain and create more jobs. 

One noteworthy initiative which we kickstarted was Towards Zero Food 

Waste to tackle the growing problem of food waste and build a more 

food-secure future. In demonstrating our commitment to rearchitect 

a greener world, we are actively participating as members in the 

sustainability alliance of the Emerging Stronger Taskforce in Singapore, 

as well as the Task Force on Nature-related Financial Disclosures. 

When we look back, we will think of 2020 as a seminal year and the 

pandemic a major turning point in bringing the sustainability agenda 

to the fore. I believe Covid-19 creates a tremendous opportunity to 

establish a reset, a rethinking of the role of the private sector, and how 

we	can	respond	to	make	a	difference	at	the	heart	of	the	post-pandemic	

recovery. This Sustainability Report frames how we, as a leading Asian 

bank, can make use of this opportunity to help create a fairer, more 

just, and better world for everyone. 

CEO message

3


Responsiblebanking 

We incorporate responsible 

financing	in	our	lending	practices,	

support our customers’ transition 

towards more sustainable low-

carbon business models and 

improve customers’ access to 

ESG investments. We conduct our 

business in a fair and responsible 

manner. This includes advancing 

financial	inclusion,	taking	a	

proactive stance to protect our 

customers’ information and 

preventing	financial	crime.

Responsible 

businesspractices

We do the right thing by our 

people and consider the impact 

our business operations has on 

the environment and society. 

We provide an inclusive work 

environment, manage our direct 

environmental footprint and 

seek	to	influence	our	supply	

chain towards sustainable 

practices. We also pay our 

fair share of taxes and make 

economic contributions to the 

communities where we operate.

Creating 

socialimpact

We seek to be a force for good by 

supporting social enterprises that 

address social needs in a creative 

and	effective	manner.	We	also	

give back to the communities in 

the markets where we operate. 

Through	our	“People	of	Purpose”	

volunteerism movement, we help 

to drive impact in the areas of 

the elderly, education and the 

environment.

Sustainability  

overview

Progressonsustainable 

developmentgoals(SDGs)

As a member of the United Nations Global Compact, we are committed 

to driving progress towards achieving the SDGs. We believe that we 

have a role to play in promoting sustainable development.

Sustainability 

pillars

Our approach to sustainability 

is guided by our sense of 

purpose: To create value for 

the long term, and by managing 

our business in a balanced and 

responsible way. We do this 

through our three sustainability 

pillars. 

We have chosen to focus on these six SDGs 

which we believe we can make meaningful 

contributions to, and taking into account 

the markets in which we operate.

4

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together


Responsible banking

SDGs

Relatedsections

2030UNestablished

targets

Selectedinitiatives

Performanceachieved

Responsible 

financing

Promote	financing	of	

renewable energy in the 

global energy mix

Renewable and clean energy-related 

loans

• 

Financed about SGD 597 million of renewable and 

clean energy-related projects 

Financial inclusion

Encourage and expand 

access to banking,  

insurance	and	financial	

services for all

Financial reliefs for retail customers 

during the pandemic

• 

Approved SGD 5.2 billion in mortgage relief for retail 

customers in Singapore, Hong Kong, Indonesia and 

Taiwan	and	offered	free	Covid-19	insurance	to	all	five	

million DBS/ POSB customers and their families

Digital banking services for migrant 

workers

• 

Opened new bank accounts for 152,000 migrant 

workers in Singapore

Financial reliefs for SMEs during the 

pandemic

• 

Approved SGD 11 billion in loan moratoriums for 

companies in Singapore and Hong Kong, primarily 

for SMEs

Variety	of	financial	services	for	SMEs

• 

Provided	SGD	40.8	billion	in	financing	to	SMEs

Responsible 

financing

Develop sustainable, 

resilient and inclusive 

infrastructure

Commitment to the Equator 

Principles, a globally recognised 

risk management framework 

adopted	by	financial	institutions	

for determining, assessing, and 

managing environmental and social 

risks of projects

• 

Applied the Equator Principles to at least eight 

infrastructure projects since our commitment in 2019

Responsible 

financing

Ensure that people have 

relevant information and 

awareness for sustainable 

development 

Financial literacy and planning tools 

and education for customers 

• 

Delivered	more	than	30	million	financial	planning	

insights to customers 

Engagement with private banking 

customers on sustainable investing 

• 

Published articles on sustainable investing and 

directly engaged with our customers

Support for institutional clients 

through	sustainable	finance

• 

Financed about SGD 4.2 billion in sustainability-linked 

loans

Responsible 

financing

Improve education, 

awareness-raising and 

human and institutional 

capacity on climate change 

mitigation, adaptation and 

impact reduction

Advisory and structuring of 

green loans

• 

Provided SGD 4.8 billion of green loans

Advisory and underwriting of  

green bonds

• 

Underwrote	SGD	5.3	billion	worth	of	green	bonds

Increased	financing	to	sustainability-

linked loans, green loans and 

renewable and clean energy 

developments

• 

Concluded	50	sustainable	financing	transactions	that	

amounted to about SGD 9.6 billion

Sustainability overview

5


Responsible business practices

SDGs

Relatedsections

2030UNestablished 

targets

Selectedinitiatives

Performanceachieved

Diversity and  

equal opportunity

Ensure women’s full and 

effective	participation	and	equal	

opportunities for leadership at  

all levels of decision-making

Board Diversity Policy and 

Resource Management Policy  

to promote diversity amongst  

Board of Directors and  

employees

• 

Achieved commitment of having at least two 

female Board members

• 

Maintained a stable Group Management 

Committee female representation of one in four 

(25%)

• 

Maintained a stable gender-balanced total 

workforce with 51% women

Increased diversity and inclusion 

in our talent pool by increasing 

female representation in 

technology

• 

Recruited 50 female technologists out of over 500 

applicants through DBS Women in Tech, a specially 

curated hiring event to bring the best female tech 

talent into our workforce 

• 

Empowered female employees to take on 

leadership roles through the programme, My 

Persona, Woman 3.0, for the third year running

Education and awareness to  

build a more inclusive workplace 

• 

Launched a series of unconscious bias training 

through webinars, online learning and team-based 

workshops

Managing our 

environmental 

footprint

Increase the share of renewable 

energy in the global energy mix 

RE100 global renewable 

commitments

• 

Increased operational energy consumption from 

renewables across our key markets to 21% of our 

total energy consumption, up from 14% in the 

previous year

Solar installations on branches 

and	offices	

• 

Constructed three new solar installations across 

the region 

• 

Increased regional solar production capacity on 

our premises by 427 KWp 

Talent  

management  

and retention

Achieve higher levels of 

economic productivity through 

diversification,	technological	

upgrading and innovation

Continuous learning, upskilling 

and reskilling

• 

Increased	internal	mobility	rate	to	36%,	up	from	

25% in the previous year

• 

Launched DBS Match to help employees identify 

new roles within the bank based on skills and 

experience

Specific	programmes	to	upskill	

employees’ technology skillsets

• 

Organised gamified	learning	with	Amazon	

Web Services DeepRacer	for	more	than	3,000	

employees	to	pick	up	fundamentals	of	Artificial	

Intelligence/Machine Learning

• 

Trained	over	18,000	employees	to	promote	fluency	in	

data use, data science and business intelligence  

Training opportunities with 

specialised programmes for 

graduates and mid-career 

professionals

• 

Provided training opportunities for over 600 

graduates, postgraduates and mid-career 

professionals in Singapore through government-

supported programmes such as SGUnited 

Traineeship, SG United Pathway and Technology in 

Finance Immersion Programme

Sustainable 

procurement

Promote public procurement 

practices that are sustainable

Sustainable Sourcing Principles 

(SSP)

• 

Obtained signatory commitments from almost all 

new suppliers to our SSP

Paper reduction campaign

• 

Reduced	office	paper	usage	by	208	tonnes,	a	35%	

reduction against our 2018 baseline

• 

Reduced the volume of cheques generated and 

processed by more than 20% year-on-year in 

Singapore, resulting in SGD 1.9 million in cost 

savings

Topical issues in 

focus – Towards  

Zero Food Waste

Halve per capita global food waste  

at the retail and consumer levels  

and reduce food losses along 

production and supply chains, 

including post-harvest losses

Encouraged employees to reduce 

food waste in their daily lives 

through a six-week challenge and 

multiple activities

• 

Involved	about	3,300	employees	who	collectively	

took	over	23,000	actions	towards	reducing	food	

waste 

• 

Engaged over 11,700 employees to reduce  

or recycle food waste, or redistribute up to 

150,000 kg of food 

Managing our 

environmental 

footprint

Improve institutional capacity 

on climate change mitigation, 

adaptation and impact reduction

Transformation to more 

sustainable workspaces and 

regenerative living spaces

• 

Completed the design of net-zero energy 

concepts, and low energy pantries that use heat 

pumps and solar-heated water

• 

Completed	our	internal	“Circular	Economy	

Materials Catalogue”

6

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together


Creating social impact

SDGs

Relatedsections

2030UNestablished 

targets

Selectedinitiatives

Performanceachieved

Social  

entrepreneurship

Support productive activities, 

decent job creation, 

entrepreneurship, creativity  

and innovation through access  

to	financial	services

Financial reliefs for social 

enterprises during the pandemic 

• 

Disbursed additional SGD 550,000 to 14 social 

enterprises across the region through the  

DBS Foundation Business Transformation  

and Improvement Grant

Additional grant funding and  

capacity building for social 

enterprises amid the pandemic

• 

Made available collateral-free Digital Business  

Loans of up to SGD 200,000 to social enterprises  

in Singapore at preferential interest rates

DBS Foundation’s Annual Social 

Enterprise Grant

• 

Disbursed	SGD	1.4	million	in	grants	to	13	social	

enterprises from key markets

Nurturing of social enterprises 

through mentoring and  

masterclass by DBS Foundation

• 

Nurtured over 240 social enterprises during the 

year

Employee 

volunteerism

Digital/	financial	literacy	

programmes for elderly  

and youth

• 

Contributed close to 57,000 volunteering hours to 

serve communities

Financial inclusion

Social  

entrepreneurship

Increase access of small-scale 

industrial and other enterprises  

to	financial	services

Support for social enterprises 

through DBS Social Enterprise 

Package

• 

Benefitted	692	social	enterprises	under	our	Social	

Enterprise Banking Package, with a total of about 

SGD	7.3	million	in	unsecured	loans

Topical issues in 

focus – Towards 

Zero Food Waste

Halve per capita global food  

waste at the retail and  

consumer levels and reduce  

food losses along production  

and supply chains, including  

post-harvest losses

Advocacy and activation of 

multiple stakeholders and 

partners to reduce food waste 

across retail, production and 

supply levels

• 

Partnered 19 ecosystem players and launched 

multiple campaigns across key markets, which 

reduced or recycled food waste, or redistributed 

up to 50,000 kg of food

• 

Released Sparks Season 2 dedicated to social 

enterprises

Sustainability overview

7


The Board has overall responsibility for sustainability and integrates ESG matters in the 

formulation of DBS’ strategy. They provide guidance to determine what material ESG matters 

are, offer advice on their management and monitoring, and ensure risks and opportunities are 

appropriately balanced.

Rolesandresponsibilities

The CEO is assisted on sustainability matters by the Group 

Sustainability	Council,	which	is	chaired	by	the	Chief	Sustainability	Officer	

and consists of senior members across various business and support 

units. It develops the sustainability framework, which includes setting 

key performance indicators in consultation with stakeholders and 

overseeing the execution of sustainability initiatives across the bank. 

The Group Sustainability Council also advises the CEO on material ESG 

matters that contribute to the overall materiality assessment, which 

is then utilised by the Board and the Group Management Committee 

for strategic planning and long-term value creation. The Group 

Sustainability Council meets every two months and provides periodic 

updates to the CEO, Group Management Committee, and the Board. 

To better embed sustainability in the organisation, Local Sustainability 

Councils are established across our key markets – China, Hong Kong, 

India, Indonesia, and Taiwan. These Councils follow a similar structure 

as the Group Sustainability Council and have a broad mandate to 

execute initiatives in line with the Group’s sustainability approach while 

adapting to local market conditions.

Performancemeasurement

Progress	in	our	sustainability	strategy	is	reflected	directly	in	the	

balanced scorecards of the Group, key markets and business and 

support units. The balanced scorecard is used to set objectives, drive 

behaviours, measure performance and determine the remuneration of 

our people.

Read more about the balanced scorecard approach under “Our 2020 priorities”  

in the Annual Report page 26.

The Group Sustainability Council devises an annual sustainability 

balanced scorecard that tracks the sustainability initiatives taken  

and	the	performance	achieved.	With	effect	from	2020,	the	scorecard	

has	been	reviewed	and	updated	quarterly	to	better	reflect	and	track	

progress made.

Engagement

The Board has overall responsibility for sustainability and integrates 

ESG matters in the formulation of DBS’ strategy. The Board also 

determines what material ESG matters are and provides guidance 

on their management and monitoring. The Group Management 

Committee is also engaged on all material ESG related matters, 

including the development of the Group Responsible Financing 

Standard, which documents our overarching approach to responsible 

financing	and	additional	assessment	required	when	entering	into	

transactions with elevated ESG risks. 

The topics discussed by the Group Sustainability Council during 

the year included climate change, impact measurement, transition 

financing,	food	security,	zero	waste,	human	rights	issues,	as	well	as	

memberships in various sustainability-related organisations. 

Clearly	defined	ownership,	roles,	and	responsibilities	over	the	identified	

material ESG matters across the various business and support units are 

imperative in progressing towards our chosen SDGs. As ESG matters 

have	a	significant	impact	on	our	corporate	strategy,	Board	engagement	

for regular review and monitoring is key. 

Governance

BoardofDirectors

ChiefExecutiveOfficer

DBSSustainabilityCouncil 

(chairedbyChiefSustainabilityOfficer)

Sustainability governance structure in DBS

Institutional 

Banking

Consumer Banking

Treasury 

&amp; Markets

Risk Management

Technology &amp; 

Operations

Legal, Compliance 

&amp; Secretariat

Corporate  

Real Estate

Human Resource

DBS  

Foundation

Group Strategic 

Marketing &amp; 

Communications

Group

Management

Committee

8

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together


In 2020, we adopted the dual materiality approach and conducted a re-

assessment of our materiality matrix to improve disclosure on material 

matters	that	are	important	to	the	bank’s	financial	performance,	as	well	

as to the health of our society and the environment. 

The approach adopts an outward- and inward-looking perspective 

in	evaluating	material	matters.	The	“outward-looking”	perspective	

presents how material ESG matters can impact the society, economy, 

and	the	environment,	while	the	“inward-looking”	view	identifies	how	

these	material	ESG	matters	affect	DBS	and	our	strategic	priorities.	

For	example,	we	dialled	up	our	focus	on	financial	inclusion	and	social	

entrepreneurship	to	better	reflect	their	relative	importance	to	the	

health of our society and the environment, as well as to the bank’s 

financial	performance.	We	believe	this	is	critical	especially	in	a	difficult	

year where the pandemic posed a massive challenge to the global 

economy, impacting lives and livelihoods for the masses. 

We have likewise revised the materiality matrix in the Annual Report,  

from	pages	71	to	73.

Read more about each ESG matter in the section, Exploring our material matters, 

from pages 17 to 46.

Identify

matters that may impact  

both our society as well as  

our financial standing and  

operational performance,  

incorporating Group-wide input  

and stakeholders’ feedback.

Read more about our stakeholder 

engagement on page 10.

Prioritise

matters that will be most  

important to our society, and  

most influential to the decision- 

making of our stakeholders.

Integrate

these material matters into  

our balanced scorecard to set  

objectives, drive behaviors,  

measure performance, and  

determine the remuneration  

of our people.

Read more about our balanced scorecard approach 

under the “Our 2020 priorities” in the Annual Report 

on page 26.

Material ESG matters have the most impact to our society and our ability to create long-term 

value as a bank. These matters influence how the Board and senior management steer the bank.

Material  

ESG matters

Material ESG matters

9


Investors

Customers 

Employees 

Society

Regulators and policy makers

How did we engage?

• 

Having virtual meetings with investors to understand 

their expectations on: 

– 

Sustainability strategy and governance  

–	

Sustainability-related	financing	 

– 

Climate-related risks in portfolio management 

– 

Sustainability reporting

• 

Having ongoing and regular engagement with major 

ESG rating agencies and participating in ESG rating 

assessments on a regular basis

• 

 Running the annual Future Leaders Programme to 

raise awareness of DBS’ sustainability strategy and 

commitment 

• 

Conducting focus groups to evaluate interest for 

sustainable products

• 

Disclosing	sustainability	efforts	and	initiatives	on	our	

websites

• 

Educating elderly customers with newly launched digital 

products and services with the POSB Active Neighbours 

programme 

• 

Communicating with social enterprises to understand 

and address their practical challenges

• 

Interacting through annual employee engagement 

survey, My Voice 

• 

Hosting Group-wide townhalls by the Group CEO that 

reiterate DBS’ sustainability strategy

• 

Embedding a sustainability-focused session during 

the annual Group Leadership Conference for senior 

management  

• 

Encouraging sustainability interest groups (e.g. through 

volunteer-led initiatives within DBS)

• 

Updating sustainability intranet portal with ongoing 

campaigns, initiatives and opportunities

• 

Having regular meetings with our community partners 

to understand and address practical challenges faced 

by	our	beneficiaries	(e.g.	Community	Chest,	People’s	

Association)

• 

Engaging directly with NGOs and academic institutions 

to support innovation in tackling real-world sustainability  

challenges (e.g. GCNS, WWF, SMU Institute of Innovation  

and Entrepreneurship, Lien Centre for Social Innovation)

• 

Interacting with professional business associations on 

increasing awareness and best practices in business 

sustainability (e.g. UNGC, WBCSD)

• 

Meeting	frequently	with	political	stakeholders,	officials,	

government agencies, and regulators

• 

Participating	in	working	groups	and	consultation	forums	

on sustainability-related policies and industry practices, 

organised by Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS), 

Association of Banks in Singapore, Singapore Institute 

of	International	Affairs,	among	others

• 

Supporting governmental agencies in social outreach 

aligned with our sustainability strategy (e.g. Singapore 

Centre for Social Enterprise, National Environment 

Agency on Towards Zero Food Waste)

Key topics raised?

• 

Implications of the pandemic on business prospects, 

sustainability	strategy	and	efforts	

• 

	DBS’	approach	to	financing	environmentally	sensitive	

industries

• 

 ESG approach and commitment (e.g. TCFD)

• 

	Progress	on	sustainability	agenda,	including	

frameworks, policies, and processes for addressing 

material ESG matters

• 

DBS’ response to the pandemic

• 

 Conduct and culture, especially in the responsible 

• 

use of data and cyber security enhancements

• 

 Challenge of digital literacy for the community,  

especially seniors

• 

	Limited	access	to	financial	products	and	services,	 

as	well	as	financial	education	for	migrant	workers

• 

 Financial advice regarding ESG investing

• 

	Talent	and	data	management	challenges	specific	 

to social enterprises

• 

Remote	working	and	flexible-working	arrangements	during	

and after the pandemic

• 

Specific	questions	and	comments	included: 

– 

Workplace hygiene management 

– 

 Employee experience, health, safety, and welfare 

benefits

 

–	

Performance	management,	rewards	and	recognition	 

 

– 

Growth and development, including new ways  

 

 

of enabling productivity

• 

Avenues where employees can actively contribute  

to the Group’s sustainability strategy and initiatives

• 

DBS’	response	to	financial	well-being,	livelihoods,	job	

security and support for customers and communities 

impacted by Covid-19 

• 

Responsible	financing	initiatives	and	policies	in	 

supporting sustainable development

• 

 Implementation of industry guidelines, related 

government and industry reforms (e.g. industry-wide 

stress testing exercise, environmental risk management, 

etc.)

• 

	Public	policy	development	on	ensuring	business	

resilience,	maintaining	stability	of	financial	system,	and	

strengthening growth prospects of Singapore as a 

financial	hub

• 

 Key regulatory and reporting issues, such as the 

increasing	risks	in	financial	crime,	cyber	security	and	data	

governance, fair dealing and conduct, among others

How did we respond?

• 

Provided	detailed	updates	on	business	prospects	

and asset quality over the course of the year, while 

communicating our ongoing emphasis to drive 

sustainability	efforts	on	various	mainstream	and	social	

media platforms

• 

 Regularly reviewed and updated sector guides to align 

with emerging ESG issues and industry best practice

• 

	Applied	the	Equator	Principles	to	at	least	eight	

infrastructure projects since our commitment in 2019

• 

	Reaffirmed	our	commitment	to	sustainability	and	focus	

areas in responding to Covid-19 implications through 

our Integrated Report (as part of the Annual Report) 

and Sustainability Report

• 

Supported communities in our key markets through  

the DBS Stronger Together Fund.

• 

Continued	to	uphold	PURE	(Purposeful,	Unsurprising,	

Respectful and Explainable) principles

• 

Rolled	out	digital	literacy	programmes	specifically	for	

seniors, and continued to assist our elderly customers  

in digital banking services (e.g. The POSB Active 

Neighbours, POSB digital literacy, IMDA Seniors Go Digital)

• 

	Moved	migrant	workers	from	POSB	jolly	to	DBS/	POSB	

digiBank to enable greater access to banking services 

and products digitally; co-developed a specialised 

financial	literacy	programme	for	migrant	workers	 

with the National University of Singapore

• 

Published	ESG	investing	thought	leadership	on	our	

website to create awareness for our wealth customers 

and continued to onboard ESG funds on the wealth 

platform

• 

Supported social enterprises in various growth stages 

through DBS Foundation’s signature programmes,  

such as the Grant Programme and Social Impact Prize, 

among others

• 

Announced a range of initiatives to embrace the future 

of work (expected to be rolled out in 2021)

• 

Strengthened the bank’s culture by refreshing our 

PRIDE!	behavioral	descriptors	and	emphasised	

these values in our Group-wide performance and 

development review

• 

 Allowed easy access to responses to frequently asked 

questions,	such	as	sustainability-linked	KPIs,	via	the	

intranet portal 

 

Encouraged and established employee-led sustainability 

interest groups to volunteer work time in support of 

DBS’ sustainability objectives

• 

Demonstrated our ongoing sustainability commitment 

across various platforms, such as interviews given by 

the Group CEO, the inaugural series Portraits of Purpose, 

content series Sparks Season 2, among many others

• 

Developed the Sustainable and Transition Finance 

Framework	to	engage	with	customers	and	finance	

sustainable activities to adapt in the face of climate 

change, resource scarcity, and income inequality

• 

Participated	across	working	levels	of	local	and	global	

forums and steering committees to support the 

sustainability agenda for the banking industry (e.g. MAS’ 

working	groups	on	green	finance	and	environmental	

risk management, WBCSD)

• 

Enabled	secured	access	for	staff	to	switch	to	remote	

working to minimise banking service disruptions; 

worked closely with government agencies to extend 

credit relief measures; enhanced digital banking 

services to widen coverage

• 

Actively led in industry-level discussions on the 

development of digital ecosystems for consumer and 

SME banking, and using data and analytics to improve 

financial	crime	risk	management. 

 

Embedded our fair dealing commitment in our Code  

of Conduct and reported all fair dealing outcomes to  

the Board Risk Management Committee quarterly

The table on the right  

outlines the key ESG topics 

raised by our stakeholders 

throughout the year and  

how we responded. It offers 

an additional ESG lens on 

the stakeholder engagement 

overview provided in our 

Annual Report on page 74.

Stakeholder  

engagement

Stakeholder engagement

11

10

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together


Topical issues in focus

Covid-19Initiatives

At DBS Bank, we believe businesses play a role 

in helping to find solutions to these challenges. 

Given our roots as the former Development 

Bank of Singapore, being purpose-driven has 

always been one of our core values. As a critical 

industry in these times, banks owe a duty of care 

to our stakeholders, especially to our customers, 

employees and society at large.











12

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together


Economy

We supported the economy by providing 

cashflow	support,	lowering	the	cost	of	lending,	

and	offering	customers	uninterrupted	access	

to banking services digitally. For instance, we 

rolled	out	an	array	of	financing	relief	packages	

and digital adoption plans to corporates, large 

and small.

We also actively participate in the sustainability 

alliance of Singapore’s Emerging Stronger 

Taskforce which was set up to help Singapore 

overcome the longer-term impact of the 

pandemic. The Sustaintech Xcelerator was also 

launched as part of Singapore’s climate action, 

where	sustainability	is	continually	identified	

as one of the key themes underpinning 

Singapore’s future economy. The Sustaintech 

Xcelerator is a six-month global virtual 

accelerator focused on how technology can 

increase	confidence	in	carbon	credits	from	

nature-based solutions.

For more information, visit link

Individuals

We enabled approximately 7,200 homeowners 

in Singapore and Hong Kong to defer 

mortgage repayments, and expanded our 

mortgage relief of SGD 5.2 billion to also 

include Indonesia and Taiwan.

We	offered	free	Covid-19	insurance	coverage	

to	all	five	million	DBS/	POSB	customers	and	

their families.

Loan repayment deferments on the following 

products:

• Car loans

• Commercial property loans

• Debt consolidation plan

• Further study assist loans

• Home loan

• Renovation loan

• Cashline

• Credit cards

For more information, visit link

SmallandMediumEnterprises

SMEs are typically more vulnerable than 

larger corporates in a downturn. Through 

the year, we approved SGD 11 billion in loan 

moratoriums for companies in Singapore 

and Hong Kong, primarily for SMEs. We also 

disbursed SGD 5 billion in government risk-

sharing loans for SMEs in Singapore as well.

• Enhanced SME Working Capital Loan

• F&amp;B digital relief package

• Online SME Academy

• SGQR Deployment Assistance Scheme

• SME working capital loan

• Temporary bridging loan

For more information, visit link 

Read more in “Financial inclusion” on page 24.



ResponsibleBanking

Topical issues in focus

13


TOGETHERMovement

Launched a series of programmes under the 

TOGETHER movement to address the physical, 

emotional and mental well-being of our 

employees

Employeecarepacks

Supplied employees with surgical masks, 

hand sanitisers, a thermometer and Vitamin C 

supplements

Healthwebinars

Invited medical professionals to speak on 

Covid-19 during the onset

Mentalwell-being

Provided access to counselling services and a 

mindfulness app tailored for workplace mental 

well-being. We also launched the Clock Your 

Happiness Challenge featuring a series of 

mindfulness activities

Learn.Share.Teach.

Ingrained digital learning behaviours to 

encourage employees to pick up new skills 

and connect with colleagues through sharing 

knowledge and experiences

Learningplaylist

Curated bite-sized learning modules with 

virtual classes on digital capabilities and 

personal development

Read more in “Workplace well-being” on page 34.

The substantial investments we made over 

the years to digitalise and transform our 

infrastructure gave us a headstart in being 

able to minimise disruptions to our employees 

and customers. Leveraging our secure 

network infrastructure, we were able to scale 

our virtual private network (VPN) and virtual 

desktop infrastructure (VDI) capacity. This 

enabled our employees to work from home 

seamlessly with minimal loss to productivity. 

We also hired over 2,000 people in Singapore, 

including new roles that comprised a mix 

of traineeships for fresh graduates and 

specialised roles for seasoned professionals.

Workplaces

Cultural

Appointed safe management champions 

to ensure adherence to safe management 

practices

Safety

Developed a contact-tracing app in two 

days, using our data infrastructure, analytics 

capabilities,	and	a	reusable	library	of	artificial	

intelligence/ machine learning models, to 

enhance employee safety

Physicalanddigitalinfrastructure

Expedited the implementation of our cyber 

security initiatives to mitigate potential 

incremental security threats from possible 

security exposures as we adopted work from 

home measures

Training

Ensured familiarity with precautionary 

measures for our facility crew

ResponsibleBusinessPractices



14

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together


PortraitsofPurpose

Sharing stories of how individuals and 

organisations overcame challenges brought 

about by the pandemic through:

• DBS Portraits of Purpose 

Providing support and showcasing hope, 

grit and resilience as our customers, 

employees, and the community came 

together to uplift spirits during these trying 

times 

For more information, visit link

• Advertising and sponsorship campaign 

Partnership with Singapore’s English 

flagship	daily	The	Straits	Times	to	publish	

a series to showcase stories of people 

involved	in	community	efforts	through	the	

pandemic 

For more information, visit link

 

 Partnership with CNN International 

Commercial to engage global audience 

by focusing on the vital role played by 

businesses to solve problems and change 

lives during times of uncertainty through 

five	films

SparksSeason2:Everyday 

HeroesforaBetterWorld

Sparks is a mini-series produced by DBS 

to raise awareness on the importance 

of sustainability and highlight the ways 

businesses	can	make	a	difference.	

Based on true stories of social enterprises 

supported by the DBS Foundation, Sparks has 

cumulatively garnered about 276 million views 

and nearly 10 million digital engagements, 

across our key markets. 

Sparks Season 2 won numerous industry 

accolades, including the award for Purpose-

Driven Communications at Reuters Events’ 

Ethical Corporation Awards 2020, the Gold 

Standard Award for Broadcast and Video at 

PublicAffairs	Asia’s	Gold	Standard	Awards	

2020,	and	a	win	in	the	“Financial	Services”	

category at PRovoke’s 2020 SABRE Awards 

Asia-Pacific. 

Supportingourcommunity

andchampioningsocial

entrepreneurship

The DBS Foundation was established in 

2015 to champion social entrepreneurship 

in Singapore and across Asia. In 2020, 

recognising the heavy toll that Covid-19 had 

on the economy, we stepped up our support 

for social enterprises through a record SGD 

9 million in grants and loans. We also rolled 

out new grants and loans to help social 

enterprises pivot their businesses and better 

manage	their	cashflows.

#StrongerTogetherFund

DBS and DBS Foundation also set up a SGD 

10.5 million fund to help communities hard-hit 

by Covid-19 across the region. We provided 

4.5 million meals, care packs, and purchased 

diagnostic test kits, personal protective 

equipment and medical supplies.

For more information, visit link





CreatingSocialImpact

Topical issues in focus

15


As a purpose-driven bank, we seek to create value for the long term by 

managing our business and working with our customers and partners 

in a balanced and responsible way. We need to change the way we view 

consumption and production to do more and better with less. 

DBS thus embarked on a Towards Zero Food Waste initiative that 

unified	all	three	of	our	sustainability	pillars	to	tackle	the	growing	

problem of food waste. We aim to change mindsets and behaviours by 

advocating and building awareness of the issue, engaging employees 

and working towards reducing food waste in our own operations 

and	partnering	with	ecosystem	players	to	create	impact.	Our	efforts	

collectively generated 200,000 kg of food impact, comprising of food 

waste reduced or recycled, or food redistributed.

One-third of the world’s food is lost or wasted 

each year. This is enough to feed three billion 

people – more than three times the number 

of hungry people in the world. Food loss 

and waste are also a major squandering of 

resources – water, land, energy and labour 

– and contribute directly to greenhouse 

gas emissions. The Covid-19 pandemic has 

exacerbated the situation by upending  

supply chains.

Advocate 

Changing Mindsets

We engaged the public and created 

awareness on the issue of food waste across 

all our key markets. An example of this is 

Sparks	Season	2	Episode	7	“A	Call	to	Action”, 

which was inspired by social enterprises and 

NGOs that DBS collaborates with to reduce 

food waste and redistribute food to those in 

need. 

We also launched the #MakanTanpaSisa 

Campaign in Indonesia featuring educational 

and relevant content to generate greater 

awareness in the market. The campaign 

garnered almost 19 million views and 2.6 

million social media interactions resulting in 

8,000 kg of food being donated through the 

campaign.

Activate 

Walking the Talk

In all, we had over 11,700 employees 

participate in almost 200 activations that 

resulted in 150,000 kg of food impact. A six-

week challenge was launched to encourage 

and galvanise employees to take actions in 

their daily lives towards achieving zero food 

waste.	Over	3,300	employees	participated,	

collectively	taking	over	23,000	actions	towards	

reducing food waste in their daily lives.

We	also	launched	the	first-ever	Hungry	for	

Change Ideation Challenge with 12 social 

enterprises working to reduce food waste. 

Over 600 colleagues regionally participated 

in online conversations with these social 

enterprises and close to 250 ideas emerged 

across the bank, of which 42 of the best ideas 

were presented to social enterprises for 

implementation.

Ally 

Partnering for Impact

Recognising that we cannot do this alone, we 

worked with 19 ecosystem partners, to scale 

our reach and impact across our key markets. 

Over 50,000 kg of food impact was created 

by partnering government bodies, social 

enterprises, corporates and charities.

In	Singapore,	DBS	was	the	first	bank	to	

become a collaborating partner in the 

National Environment Agency’s Say Yes to 

Waste Less campaign. We were also the 

founding partner of the National Parks Board’s 

Gardening with Edibles programme that 

encourages Singaporeans to grow their own 

food to achieve the nation’s goal of producing 

30%	of	Singapore’s	nutritional	needs	locally	

by	2030.	Seed	packets	were	distributed	to	

400,000 individuals as part of this initiative.

Topical issues in focus

TowardsZeroFoodWaste







16

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together


17

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

A.Responsiblefinancing

Our approach

Our	responsible	financing	approach	helps	us	ensure	that	we	manage	

our business interests in a balanced way. This entails mobilising capital 

to build a resilient economy by:

i) Moving away from sectors (e.g. thermal coal) that do not support our 

 

climate goals and supporting sectors (e.g. agricultural commodities,  

 

shipping and infrastructure) to adopt environmentally-friendly  

 

solutions. While recognising the role that heavy and carbon-intensive  

 

industries play in the growth trajectory of the ASEAN region, we seek  

 

to encourage these industries to move towards more sustainable  

 

forms	of	operations	through	our	financing;	and 

ii)	 Pursuing	sustainable	finance	opportunities	in	industries	such	as	 

 

green real estate, renewable energy and circular economy.

We established a governance structure to oversee this area of focus. 

The Board Risk Management Committee approves DBS’ overall risk 

governance frameworks and oversees an independent Group-wide risk 

management	system,	including	responsible	financing.	At	the	portfolio	

level, the Institutional Banking Group (IBG) Sustainability team reports 

to the Group Credit Risk Committee biannually and any material issues 

are communicated to the Group Risk Executive Committee.

Our Group Core Credit Risk Policy incorporates principles and 

approaches to managing ESG issues. We expanded our list of 

prohibited activities in 2020. They are supplemented by the Group 

Responsible Financing Standard and our nine Sector Guides 

pertaining to sectors with elevated ESG risks. It applies to all our 

lending and capital market products and services as well as treasury 

investments. Our ESG standards also extend to promoter share 

financing	in	Private	Banking.	

The Group Responsible Financing Standard is reviewed annually.

Sector Guides 

Our Sector Guides outline the ESG standards we expect of our 

corporate customers in the following sectors: Agricultural Commodities, 

Palm Oil, Chemicals, Oil &amp; Gas, Mining &amp; Metals, Power, Infrastructure, 

Animal Husbandry &amp; Feed, Apparel, Footwear &amp; Textile sectors. The 

Guides provide our relationship managers (RMs) and credit risk 

managers (CRMs) with a structured approach to assess ESG risks. 

These	Sector	Guides	refer	to	certification	schemes,	international	

best practices and conventions such as the International Finance 

Corporation (IFC) Performance Standards, World Bank Environmental, 

Health and Safety Guidelines, International Labour Organization 

Conventions and Recommendations, International Council on Mining 

and Metals principles and position statements, Roundtable on 

Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) Principles and Criteria, The Stockholm 

and Rotterdam Convention for Chemicals, UNESCO World Heritage 

Convention and the Association of Banks in Singapore’s (ABS) Haze 

Diagnostics Kit. 

We regularly review our Sector Guides to ensure they remain aligned 

with emerging ESG issues and industry best practices. In 2020, we 

raised the ESG standards for the Palm Oil, Mining &amp; Metals, and Power 

sectors. For example, we raised the mandatory requirements and 

restrictions that apply to all lending relationships in our updated Palm 

Oil Sector Guide. Traders are also encouraged to develop a process 

to enhance traceability of their palm oil trades. Our Sector Guides 

for Mining &amp; Metals and Power have more rigorous requirements for 

diversification	away	from	thermal	coal.	A	new	Sector	Guide	for	the	

Apparel, Footwear &amp; Textile sector was also introduced.

Read more about Our Approach to Responsible Financing.

Regulatory engagement

To enhance the banking sector’s resilience to and management of 

environmental risk, the Monetary Authority of Singapore published 

the Guidelines on Environmental Risk Management (Guidelines) for 

asset managers, banks and insurers in 2020. DBS contributed to the 

development of an implementation handbook providing practical 

guidance to operationalise the Guidelines. The handbook forms a basis 

for industry-wide training to build capacity.

Cognisant of the discussions held by regulators around the world 

regarding	the	possible	use	of	differential	capital	treatments	for	green	

and brown assets, we started exploratory data collection and analysis 

to understand the relationship between ESG performance of our 

borrowers and credit risk. Initial analysis indicates potential value in 

identifying additional risk drivers to quantify the probability of default. 

We continue to undertake further work on this.

Initiativesandprogressupdates

ESG risk management

Each credit application initiated at IBG is accompanied by an ESG risk 

assessment. In 2020, we adopted an enhanced ESG Risk Matrix, a 

system that complements our existing assessments to enable a clearer 

resolution of ESG risks. Each completed assessment is assigned an 

overall risk level, derived through a combination of sector risks that is 

pre-determined based on the industry that the borrower is from, and 

the impact magnitude which is rated according to the borrower’s ESG 

performance. 

The chart on page 18 shows the spread of the completed ESG risk 

assessments	across	the	overall	risk	levels	of	“Low”,	“Medium	Low”,	

“Medium”,	“High”	and	“No-Go”.	More	than	88%	of	the	completed	

assessments	fall	under	the	overall	risk	levels	of	“Low”	and	“Medium	

Low”,	reflecting	that	the	majority	of	our	transactions	require	minimal	

ESG due diligence. 

On	the	other	hand,	the	distributions	across	“Medium”,	“High”	and	“No-

Go”	risk	levels	are	2.9%,	8.4%	and	0.3%	respectively.	These	transactions	

or customers will require enhanced due diligence. Transactions rated 

“Medium”	and	“High”	are	concluded	with	additional	covenants,	where	

applicable, so that the measures adopted to mitigate ESG risks become 

binding in loan documentation. 

We monitor our customers’ adherence to our ESG standards through 

the following steps: tracking progress in addressing past incidents, 

following negative media coverage, engaging customers in establishing 

policies that align with international standards, and follow up on agreed 

mitigating measures. If a customer is unwilling to adequately manage 

and	mitigate	the	identified	ESG	risks,	we	are	prepared	to	decline	the	

transaction or reassess the banking relationship altogether.

Exploring our material matters

This section offers more detailed explanation  

of each material matter identified on page 9.

Pillar 1: 

Responsible 

banking


Pillar 1: Responsible banking

18

The	bank	does	not	proceed	with	transactions	rated	as	“No-Go”.	It	

should	be	noted	that	the	percentage	of	“No-Go”	transactions	only	

capture the completed assessments. Our RMs are expected to 

distinguish the type of customer/ economic activity that complies with 

our predetermined ESG standards, and can turn down requests even 

prior to conducting the assessments.

Among the 7.7% (2019: 4.4%) of ESG assessments conducted for large 

corporate customers which were escalated, the sectoral breakdown is 

presented below. The increase was attributed to our adoption of the 

Equator Principles (EP), which led to more project-related corporate 

loans being escalated for further evaluation.

In	2020,	the	team	doubled	efforts	to	understand	our	exposure	to	five	

high impact sectors namely Oil &amp; Gas, Power, Automotive, Cement and 

Mining &amp; Metals and conducted research to understand our customers’ 

preparedness in addressing climate change. This exercise is the IBG 

Climate Resilience Dashboard and it enables us to assess the climate 

resilience of our lending portfolio of carbon intensive industries. It 

also sheds light on the climate risk disclosure status of customers, 

and transition readiness of the portfolio. This determines our risk 

appetite	for	specific	sectors	and	serves	as	a	basis	to	engage	customers	

to transition to a low-carbon economy. Our customers’ capacities to 

respond to climate change, in turn, helps guide our approach to setting 

objectives and targets internally. 

High Impact Sectors: Thermal Coal Mining, Coal-fired Power 

Plants and Palm Oil

Given the impact that environmental risks from climate change and 

deforestation could have on credit and reputational risks, we paid 

specific	attention	to	our	Thermal	Coal	Mining,	Coal-fired	Power	Plants	

and Palm Oil portfolios. 

Thermal Coal Mining and Coal-fired Power Plants

Since	our	commitment	to	cease	financing	of	new	coal-fired	power	

plants in 2019, we continue to lower our overall exposure(1) to thermal 

coal	over	time.	When	providing	corporate	financing,	we	will	only	

support	borrowing	customers	with	a	diversification	strategy.

Our	exposure	to	thermal	coal	mining	and	coal-fired	power	plants	at	the	

end	of	2020	were	SGD	1.48	billion	and	SGD	1.38	billion	respectively,	

representing 0.29% and 0.27% of total IBG exposure. While our coal 

portfolio remains relatively small, we expect to see this shrink yearly as 

we complete honouring our existing commitments.

At the same time, we increased our support towards renewable 

energy development. At the end of 2020, our exposure to renewable 

energy was SGD 4.2 billion, representing 0.84% of total IBG exposure. 

We committed SGD 597 million of loans towards clean energy and 

renewables in 2020, with the breakdown energy type and installed 

capacity shown on page 19. 

Year

Thermal Coal Mining

Coal-fired Power Plants

Renewables

Exposure 

(SGDbn)

%inrelation

tototalIBG

exposure(2)

Exposure 

(SGDbn)

%inrelation

tototalIBG

exposure

Exposure 

(SGDbn)

%inrelation

tototalIBG

exposure(2)

2020

1.48

0.29%

1.38

0.27%

4.24

0.84%

2019

1.14

0.25%

1.16

0.25%

2.85

0.62%

2018

1.59

0.37%

0.98

0.23%

1.96

0.46%

2017

1.07

0.33%

0.83

0.25%

1.25

0.38%

2016

1.06

0.34%

0.54

0.17%

0.29

0.09%

Palm Oil Financing

We serve customers who demonstrate alignment with no deforestation, 

no peat and no exploitation (NDPE) commitments and/ or to the 

principles and criteria of the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil 

(RSPO). All our Palm Oil customers have aligned themselves with either 

NDPE or RSPO, or both. We expect our borrowers to achieve these 

commitments	and	certifications	within	a	defined	timeframe.

As of December 2020, our exposure to the Palm Oil sector stood at 

SGD	1.6	billion,	representing	0.3%	of	total	IBG	exposure.

(1)  

 Exposure refers to the maximum loss (including commitment and outstanding) that a bank may incur on its loan exposure as a result of the failure  

of a counterparty to meet its credit obligations.

(2)  

 Exposure figures for thermal coal mining and renewables in 2019 have been restated after identifying inconsistencies in sector identification.


19

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

 

 

Sustainable finance

Green	loans	and	sustainability-linked	loans	channel	financing	

towards sustainable projects and those with improved sustainability 

performance.	Green	loans	are	loans	structured	to	exclusively	finance	

eligible	green	projects,	such	as	those	in	energy	efficiency	and	pollution	

prevention. Sustainability-linked loans are structured in a way where 

less interest is paid when customers achieve a set of pre-agreed ESG 

performance	targets	validated	by	an	independent	verification	party.	

We concluded 50 sustainability loans amounting to about SGD 9.6 

billion	in	2020,	an	increase	of	approximately	81%	from	SGD	5.3	billion	

the year before. These comprise SGD 4.2 billion of sustainability-linked 

loans, SGD 597 million of renewable and clean energy-related loans 

and SGD 4.8 billion of green loans. 

We also provided green bank guarantees and letters of credit to 

renewable energy equipment companies. As credit appetite to 

discount long-tenor transactions is limited in the market, our trade 

finance	solution	caters	to	the	requirements	of	renewable	project	

owners who prefer a deferred payment solution to minimise the hefty 

capital expenditure outlay, as well as that of equipment suppliers who 

prefer	to	receive	payment	upfront.	In	2020,	our	trade	financing	deals	

amounted to about SGD 891 million. 

A	breakdown	of	our	total	financing	for	sustainability-linked	loans	and	

green loans by country and sector, as well as renewable energy by 

energy type and installation capacity is presented on the right.

(3)  

  The chart includes palm oil plantations, crude palm oil mills, palm oil refiners, integrated players and processors.


Pillar 1: Responsible banking

20

Sustainable and Transition Finance Framework and Taxonomy 

In	July	2020,	we	were	the	first	commercial	bank	in	the	world	to	

introduce the Sustainable and Transition Finance Framework and 

Taxonomy to guide customers to adapt and build resilience in the face 

of climate change, resource scarcity and social inequality. 

The framework comes with a taxonomy used to encourage greater 

transparency	in	financing	sustainable	and	transition	economic	

activities. The taxonomy outlines how we classify transactions as 

“Green”,	“Transition”	and/	or	contributing	to	the	UN	SDGs.	It	applies	

the appropriate transaction label on a broad list of eligible economic 

activities, for example, use of less polluting fuel to power deep-sea 

shipping,	greater	energy	efficiency	in	cement	and	steel	production,	use	

of recycled plastics for apparel making, or an electricity grid upgrade to 

enable integration of intermittent renewable energy. 

Using	scientific	approaches	to	evaluate	the	transitional	qualities	of	

economic activities, with the goals of the Paris Agreement in mind, we 

adopt	a	principles-based	approach	to	describe	what	transition	finance	

should demand to deliver a low-carbon future. 

Deep decarbonisation of our economy will not occur without the 

participation from the heaviest emitters. Our goal is to support the 

ASEAN	region	by	exploring	ways	to	expand	sustainable	finance	to	

sectors other than those traditionally viewed as ‘green’. 

Transactions structured under the Sustainable and Transition Finance 

Framework (e.g. transition loans and bonds), targeted at economic 

activities	or	corporate	level	financing	for	companies	in	heavy	industries	

or carbon intensive sectors to make incremental progress towards a 

low-carbon economy. This may include power grid upgrades to enable 

renewable energy integration or a shipping vessel using natural gas as fuel.

Read more about Sustainable and Transition Finance Framework and Taxonomy.

Other sustainability-related financial products

Sustainable bonds 

Sustainable bonds are increasingly sought to mobilise capital market 

financing	for	green	and	social	projects	and	businesses.	As	a	leading	

fixed	income	house	in	Asia,	DBS	has	similarly	been	advising	and	

assisting our customers for their green, social and sustainable bond 

issuances.

• We	underwrote	SGD	5.3	billion	(2019:	SGD	4.1	billion)	worth	of	green	

bonds,	an	approximate	30%	increase	from	the	previous	year,	with	

the raised proceeds channelled towards projects across a variety of 

sectors (e.g. renewable energy, green building development, clean 

transportation) across the region. Notable transactions during the 

year included Star Energy Geothermal’s dual-tranche green project 

bonds,	which	was	the	first	ever	investment	grade	green	project	

bonds out of Indonesia, and Bank of China Macau Branch’s blue 

bonds,	the	first	by	a	commercial	bank	globally.

• The	urgent	need	to	fund	Asia’s	prolonged	fight	against	the	pandemic	

propelled the issuance of social bonds since the onset of Covid-19. 

2020 saw a major upswing in social bonds issuances by our clients, 

with DBS underwriting over SGD 4.4 billion worth to fund projects 

generating	positive	benefits	(e.g.	improving	food	security	or	financing	

hospital expansions). Landmark transactions that we participated in 

as an underwriter included the Asia Infrastructure Investment Bank’s 

social	bonds	that	provides	financing	for	its	Covid-19 Crisis Recovery 

Facility, and Korean Housing Finance Corporation’s Covid-19 

Response covered bonds.

The charts below show a breakdown of the sustainability bonds we 

underwrote by type and industry. Together, the amount of sustainable-

related bonds underwritten and distributed by DBS was over SGD 9.7 

billion, almost doubling the previous year. Together with our major 

stakeholders,	we	are	committed	to	continue	driving	efforts	to	develop	

Asia’s sustainable bonds market.  

 


21

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

Sustainable investment

We aim to enable our Wealth Management/ Private Banking customers 

to make sustainable investment choices, and engage them in 

conversations on ESG thematic and ESG integrated products such 

as the BNP Paribas Global Environment Fund, Wellington Global 

Impact Fund, FSSA Dividend Advantage Fund and RobecoSAM SDG 

Credit Income. We prefer fund managers who have a long and proven 

track record of integrating ESG into their investment process, a 

strong organisational focus towards sustainable investing and ample 

resources dedicated to sustainability research. We are encouraged to 

see	a	growing	interest	in	these	products,	with	inflows	amounting	to	

almost SGD 100 million in 2020.

Following the successful run of our inaugural 2018 ESG Outperformance 

Warrant/ Note, we relaunched the ESG Outperformance Trade in 

October 2020 raising USD 515 million in notional AUM (2018: USD 100 

million). This further demonstrates the growing interest for ESG-related 

products. We are also looking to make MSCI ESG ratings more readily 

available for the investment products, to help customers make better 

informed investment decisions. 

The Private Bank conducted an inaugural ESG survey across all 

Treasures Private Client customers to better understand their 

awareness level and changing interests on sustainable investments.

We are also tracking the MSCI ESG Rating breakdown of our wealth 

customers’ investment portfolios. As of December 2020, 44.5% of our 

wealth customers’ investments are MSCI ESG rated BBB and above. 

Read more about ESG thematic and integrated products.

Training 

We provide training to our employees to enable them to apply 

our policies and standards consistently. At IBG, we enhanced our 

Responsible	Finance	e-learning	course	to	reflect	the	latest	ESG	

requirements, sector guides and other material changes in the Group 

Responsible	Financing	Standard.	In	total,	about	83%	of	our	RMs	and	

CRMs have undergone ESG training. 

We also launched training courses to educate RMs, investment 

consultants and product managers in Wealth Management/ Private 

Banking	on	the	full	suite	of	sustainable	investments	offered	for	further	

engagement with our clients. 

Targets: Last year, we made a commitment to finance SGD 10 billion 

of renewable and clean energy-related developments, and SGD 10 

billion of green projects, assets and activities (besides renewable 

energy) by 2024. Our progress shows tremendous growth potential 

and we are increasing our commitment to SGD 50 billion by 2024 

towards sustainable finance (covering green loans, transition loans, 

sustainability linked loans and renewable financing).

DBS Private Banking aims to increase our wealth customers’ 

investments in MSCI ESG rated BBB and above to 50% in the next 

three years.  

Casestudy

DBS - Inditex - Samunnati Sustainable Cotton Procurement 

Financing Pilot Program

Sustainable supply chain management is an increasingly important 

area of focus as corporates acknowledge that ESG issues can carry 

significant	reputational	and	operational	risks	in	their	complex	supply	

chains. More than ever, corporates are aware of the importance 

of responsible sourcing along their supply chains and are being 

called upon by sustainability standards to incorporate ESG eligibility 

requirements into their contractual relationships with suppliers. 

However, many suppliers are SMEs and farmers lacking the necessary 

knowledge,	ability	and	financing	to	meet	these	standards.		

To help tackle these challenges, DBS partnered with one of the world’s 

largest fashion retailers, Inditex Group with distinct brands such as 

Zara, Pull&amp;Bear and Bershka, to structure and launch an innovative 

pilot, the ‘Organic Cotton Procurement Financing Pilot Program’ in 

India.	Inditex	is	also	a	significant	user	of	cotton.	DBS	and	Inditex	

leveraged the Farmer Producer Organisations (FPOs) ecosystem to 

implement	a	financing	pilot	programme	which	may	benefit	more	than	

2,000 farmers in Inditex’s supply chain to receive timely payment for 

sale	of	produce.	Under	the	pilot	scheme,	DBS	is	providing	financing	to	

FPOs through Samunnati Financial Intermediation &amp; Services Private 

Limited	-	a	partner	financial	institution	with	a	local	reach.	The	initiative	

positively	impact	the	supply	chain	finance	mechanisms,	and	incentivises	

sustainable behaviours in supply chains in the fashion industry: 

Improving farmer income levels

Premiums received over the market price of conventional cotton  

and timely payment by FPOs to farmers under the program enables 

farmers not to have to borrow from local lenders at high interest,  

hence improving income levels of farmers and helps sustain the  

farmer – a critical segment of the Indian economy.

Positive impact on environment

The	initiative	provides	financial	incentive	to	farmers	to	grow	organic	

cotton instead of conventional cotton. This reduces environmental 

damage and restores the natural balance at farms by using organic 

farming techniques, which discourage the use of chemical pesticides 

and fertilisers that damage soils, water, air and climate.

Women empowerment

Majority of farmers engaged in the pilot program are women. The 

programme facilitates economic empowerment and also opens the 

doors for more women to join the workforce in India.

Traceable and transparent supply chain

Transparency	is	also	another	benefit	of	the	pilot	programme	as	it	

eliminates the middlemen in Inditex’s organic cotton supply chain. The 

pilot programme combined with other tracking mechanisms enables 

Inditex and cotton spinners in its ecosystem (who comprise the main 

buyers of cotton from farmers) to trace the source of the cotton directly 

and ascertain if it had been farmed sustainably.


Pillar 1: Responsible banking

22

Equator Principles

We	report	our	implementation	efforts	annually	as	part	of	our	

commitment to the Equator Principles (EPs). The EPs are a 

globally recognised risk management framework adopted by 

financial	institutions	for	determining,	assessing	and	managing	

environmental and social risk in development of projects. They 

outline environmental and social standards based on the IFC 

Performance Standards.

In 2020, the bank was mandated to provide six transactions with 

Project Finance Advisory Services(4)	and	achieved	financial	close	

for eight Project Finance transactions. Projects are assessed and 

categorised as A, B, or C(5). For projects assessed as Category A or 

B, our borrowers are required to conduct an environmental and 

social impact assessment to identify impact and adopt mitigation 

measures appropriate to the nature and scale of the proposed 

project.

TransactionsunderthescopeofEP

Industry

MandatedProjectFinance

AdvisoryServices

ProjectFinance

TransactionAchieved

FinancialClose

Oil &amp; Gas  

-

-

Mining &amp; Metals

-

-

Infrastructure 

1

-

Power

4

8

Others 

1

-

ProjectfinancetransactiondetailsforCategoryAprojects 

CIP	Changfang	Xidao	is	an	offshore	wind	project	identified	to	have	

environmental impact on marine mammals and social impact 

associated	with	restricted	fishing	grounds	to	local	fishermen.	

The assessment involved the production of the Critical Habitat 

Assessment and Fisheries Livelihood and Restoration plan.

JAWA	9	&amp;	10	is	a	coal-fired	steam	power	plant	project	in	Indonesia.	

It represents the last of our existing commitments before ceasing 

new	coal	power	project	financing.	A	detailed	Environment	&amp;	

Social Impact Assessment was conducted in accordance with 

international standards to mitigate the risks, including studies 

on air quality, greenhouse gas emissions and the feasibility of 

alternative less carbon-intensive options.

No.

ProjectName

Category

Sector

HostCountryName/ 

ProjectLocation

1

CIP Changfang Xidao 

A

Power

Taiwan

2

JAWA	9	&amp;	10	Coal-fired	

Steam Power Plant

A

Power

Indonesia

3

Changhua Floating  

Solar PV

B

Power

Taiwan

4

Syuejia Solar 

B

Power

Taiwan

5

Sembcorp Solar

B

Power

Singapore

6

Wandoan Battery  

(Vena Energy)

B

Power

Australia

7

Vena Energy Shivalik  

Wind Power Limited

B

Power

India

8

Columboola Solar Farm

C

Power

Australia

B.Managingclimaterisk

Our approach

Our approach to climate change is broadly focused on three areas: 

i)  Proactively helping our customers to decarbonise through 

our transition finance framework  

Using our Sustainable and Transition Finance Framework and 

Taxonomy as a guide, we help customers across key industries to 

adapt and build resilience in the face of climate change and resource 

scarcity, and work towards decarbonisation over time.   

 

	Our	responsible	financing	approach	entails	moving	capital	away	

from sectors that do not support our climate commitments, while 

pursuing	sustainable	finance	opportunities.	For	example,	companies	

are exploring ways to reduce energy consumption through energy 

efficiency	improvements	or	expansion	into	renewable	energy.	To	

address	this	demand,	DBS	offers	a	range	of	financing	solutions,	

which	cover	green	loans,	transition	loans,	and	renewable	financing,	

among others. 

 

Read more in “Responsible financing” on page 17.

ii) Quantifying and managing our climate risk exposure   

 

 The credit risk on our lending portfolio can surface in two ways: 

transition and physical risks. Transition risks may arise from 

extensive policy, legal, technology and market changes to address 

climate mitigation and adaptation measures. Physical risks resulting 

from climate change may be driven by extreme weather events or 

longer-term shifts in weather patterns.

 

 We continue to quantify our carbon risk exposure, to better assess 

and improve our understanding of potential risks and opportunities 

on our portfolios.

 

 We also adopted an integrated approach to assess potential 

transition risks that was both bottom-up (at borrower-level impact) 

and top-down (at portfolio-level impact). 

 

 Moving forward, we will continue to develop in-depth expertise 

across	key	climate-related	risks,	which	can	ultimately	affect	our	credit	

and reputation risks, facing our customers.

iii)  Advocating for climate and sustainability awareness to drive 

mindset and behavioural change 

We aim to raise awareness on climate change and sustainability 

through innovative content and meaningful dialogue. 

Initiativesandprogressupdates

Managing climate risks on our credit portfolio

As an early adopter in Asia, we have been reporting under TCFD since 

2018. In 2020, we took further steps to:

i)	 Expand	our	transition	risk	methodology	and	assessment; 

ii) Enhance our disclosures around the potential impact of climate- 

 

related	risks	and	the	corresponding	credit	cost	impact;	and 

iii)  Consider how technology risks can be incorporated into our risk 

models to make our stress-testing analyses more robust.

(4)  

 Project Finance Advisory Services is the provision of advice on the potential financing of a development where one of the options may be Project Finance.

(5)  

 According to the Equator Principles (2020), Category A Projects are those with potential significant adverse environmental and social risks and/or impact that are 

diverse, irreversible or unprecedented. Category B Projects are those with potential limited adverse environmental and social risks and/or impact that are few in 

number, generally site-specific, largely reversible and readily addressed through mitigation measures. Category C Projects are those with minimal or no adverse 

environmental and social risks and/or impact.


23

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

2020(N=414companies)

2019(N=368companies)

2018(N=303companies)

Sectors

Samplecredit

exposureasof

Jun2020(SGD

bn)

Sample

populationto

totalIBGcredit

exposure(%)

Sample

population

weighted

carbonto

revenue 

(tCO2e/ 

SGDmn)

Samplecredit

exposureasof

Jun2019(SGD

billion)

Sample

populationto

totalIBGcredit

exposure(%)

Sample

population

weighted

carbonto

revenue 

(tCO2e/ 

SGDmn)

Samplecredit

exposureasof

Jun2018(SGD

bn)

Sample

populationto

totalIBGcredit

exposure(%)

Sample

population

weighted

carbonto

revenue 

(tCO2e/ 

SGDmn)

Agriculture

4.8

0.9

210

4.6

1.0

259

2.1

0.5

525

Chemicals

1.5

0.3

367

2.8

0.6

463

0.3

0.1

474

Energy

13.9

2.6

923

10.5

2.3

1,134

7.6

1.7

1,533

Mining &amp; Metals

3.2

0.6

584

3.4

0.7

841

1.2

0.3

1,711

Real Estate &amp; 

Transportation

27.7

5.2

137

23.5

5.1

165

22.7

5.2

192

Total

51.2

9.6

-

44.9

9.7

-

33.9

7.8

-

(6)  

   Scope 3 emissions are emissions incurred via our lending to companies in these five sectors. Scope 3 emissions are derived from customers’ Scope 1 emissions which 

refer to all direct GHG emissions and Scope 2 emissions which refer to indirect GHG emissions from the consumption of purchased electricity, heat or steam.

(7)  

   We considered three climate-related scenarios based on research by the International Energy Agency and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 

Development. The three scenarios are differentiated by the assumed increase in carbon prices (ranging from USD 10 to USD 75 by 2025) and probability of limiting 

temperature increase to 2°C.

To	manage	our	loan	book	exposure,	we	identified	the	five	sectors	most	

impacted	by	transition	risks.	These	five	sectors	are:	

Sector

Subsectors

Agriculture

Food &amp; Agri-business (upstream, midstream, 

and integrated players)

Chemicals

Chemicals

Energy

Oil &amp; Gas, and Power

Mining &amp; Metals

Coal, Metal (ferrous, non-ferrous) 

and Metals &amp; Mining 

Real Estate &amp; Transportation

Automotive (upstream, mid-stream),  

Aviation, Real estate, and Shipping

 

Read more in “Methodology for TCFD” on page 64. 

Carbon footprint

We studied 414 listed companies in carbon-intensive sectors. 

Collectively, they account for about 9.6% of our total IBG credit loan 

exposure as at June 2020.

We measured the carbon footprint of each customer using the carbon 

to revenue intensity metric, which is expressed as the amount of carbon 

emissions (in metric tonnes, tCO2e) for every SGD 1 million of revenue 

generated by each customer. This provides an indication of the carbon 

efficiency	and	the	risks	the	company	faces	from	future	regulations	to	

curb carbon emissions. 

We also measure our climate-risk exposure to these carbon-intensive 

customers using the weighted average carbon intensity (WACI) metric, 

which is adjusted by the proportion of DBS’ credit loan exposure to 

each customer as at June 2020. In sum, the amount of Scope 1 and 

Scope 2 carbon emissions produced by our customers forms the basis 

of	Scope	3	emissions(6) for us.

The table below further illustrates our carbon risk exposure at a 

sectoral level year-on-year.

The	findings	from	our	study	are	set	out	in	the	table	below.	Energy	and	

Mining &amp; Metals remain the two most carbon intensive sectors. For 

all	other	sectors,	the	“weighted	carbon	to	revenue”	indicators	have	

fallen,	demonstrating	that	companies	that	we	finance	are	making	

steady headway in reducing their carbon emissions. As outlined in the 

Responsible Financing chapter, we actively reduced our exposures to 

coal-fired	power	plants	while	increasing	our	exposures	to	renewables.	

We will further reduce our exposure over the medium term as we help 

our customers decarbonise and manage their transition to a low-

carbon economy. 

Transition risk 

i) Regulatory and market based transition risks 

 

 To analyse how transition risk could impact customers, we explored 

a scenario where carbon tax imposed on these companies was 

raised in a short time frame. Covering over 60% of companies in 

our	five	sectors,	the	bottom-up	assessment	assumed	carbon	price	

increase(7) to USD 75/tCO2e,	holding	the	financials	of	our	customers	

constant.

 

	Our	findings	show	that	the	credit	ratings	of	40	customers	would	

be reduced by at least one notch. While higher carbon prices can 

impact some of our carbon-intensive customers, especially when 

the increase in carbon-related costs cannot be passed on to their 

customers, our exposure to these companies is not material. 

 

 We also introduced a top-down, portfolio-level approach for the rest 

of our entire corporate lending portfolio, where we leveraged the 

forecasts of macroeconomic variables, such as GDP, sectoral equity 

prices, energy prices, among others. In line with regulatory guidance, 

this approach is consistent with the bank’s existing stress testing 

models and supplements our bottom-up, borrower-level assessment 

of	company	financials	for	customers	in	the	five	sectors	comprising	

Agriculture, Chemicals, Energy, Mining &amp; Metals and Real Estate &amp; 

Transportation. 


Pillar 1: Responsible banking

24

 

 Taking a very conservative approach, we recognise the limitations 

we have in using the data and methodology of the preliminary study, 

including the following:

• We recognise some of the assumptions we adopted may not be 

representative	of	how	the	increase	in	carbon	prices	may	affect	

customers;	and

• Due to the lack of available data, we were unable to ascertain the 

impact of our customers’ investments in transition risk mitigation 

measures which may reduce or prevent credit losses. 

ii) Qualitative assessment of technology risks  

 

 To better understand the risk of technological obsolescence 

from clients’ transition to a low carbon economy, we worked with 

a	recognised	consultancy	firm	and	concluded	that	there	is	no	

immediate concern to us. We will continue to monitor technological 

developments to understand the impact on our clients and their 

transition plans.

Physical risk scenario analyses

In 2019, we embarked on a pilot assessment of physical risk for our 

sample customers using three future climate change scenarios on the 

energy	and	mining	and	metals	sectors.	We	plan	to	consider	different	

types of physical risks in the future as more data becomes available.  

Advocating for climate and sustainability awareness

We convened and created thought leadership content materials to 

raise awareness on the impact of climate change, and to encourage 

our customers, employees and the society to adopt more sustainable 

practices in their business operations and daily lives:

• We	hosted	our	first	digital	edition	of	the	DBS Asian Insights Conference 

in July 2020, which brought together a distinguished group of global 

thought leaders, C-suite executives, and subject matter experts 

to discuss the most pressing and pertinent issues in a post-Covid 

world. The highlight was the DBS Asia Leadership Dialogue on 

“Climate	Change	and	the	Great	Reset”,	where	Mr.	Al	Gore,	former	

Vice President of the United States and 2007 Winner of the Nobel 

Peace Prize, and our CEO Mr. Piyush Gupta engaged in a deep 

and inspiring conversation. Some key topics discussed included 

the climate crisis, inequality, Covid-19, and how everyone has 

an opportunity to play critical roles in implementing sustainable 

practices and policies, and in safeguarding our future of generations

• We continued to engage the community with DBS Sparks Season Two 

in	2020	to	build	on	ongoing	efforts	to	enhance	awareness	of	the	

world’s most pressing social and environmental issues.

• We contributed to Global Compact Network Singapore’s 2020 report 

Closing the SDG Financing Gap in ASEAN: A Sustainable Finance Guide 

for Corporates, which serves as a guide for ASEAN corporates, 

especially	SMEs,	seeking	to	develop	a	sustainable	financing	agenda.	

Targets: In the coming year, we will further enhance our transition 

risk analyses and explore ways to improve our physical risk analyses. 

C.Financialinclusion

Our approach

We aim to democratise access to banking services to more segments of 

the community by:

i) Onboarding the underbanked into the formal banking system 

 

Basic banking accounts enable individuals to track and manage  

 

income and expenditure, access insurance to protect incomes and  

 

transact seamlessly in the digital economy. 

ii) Nurturing healthy savings and investment habits 

 

Digital	financial	planning	platforms	help	enhance	accessibility	to	 

 

banking	services	and	financial	planning	knowledge,	enabling	our	 

 

customers	to	grow	their	financial	literacy	and	develop	good	savings	 

 

and investment habits. We are democratising wealth and lowering  

 

the barrier to entry by making our products and services available to  

 

the	mass	affluent	through	digital	banking,	robot-assisted	portfolios,	 

 

regular savings plans and budgeting tools. 

iii) Financing underserved businesses and customers 

 

We expanded our reach to individuals and micro, small and medium  

 

enterprises	through	partnerships	with	current	customers	by	offering	 

 

innovative and tailored products and services for their value and  

 

supply chains. 

The extent of our reach depends on our geographical footprint across 

the markets we operate in.

Initiativesandprogressupdates

Onboarding the underbanked into the formal banking system

In Singapore, we continue to onboard migrant workers and foreign 

domestic workers into the formal banking system through our 

collaboration with the Migrant Workers Centre and Centre for Domestic 

Employees. Through POSB, we assisted migrant workers in opening 

an online bank account to ensure timely salary crediting and fund 

remittances to their families back home.  

We worked with the Singapore Ministry of Manpower (MOM) to enable 

migrant workers to open new bank accounts digitally. This enabled 

them to have round-the-clock access to banking services through their 

mobile devices. This was particularly important during the peak of 

the pandemic. In April alone, our end-to-end digital account opening 

enabled 41,000 accounts to be opened digitally, more than three times 

our	monthly	average.	In	2020,	we	acquired	more	than	113,000	new	

accounts digitally, and saw a 5% growth in market share to 69%. 

Through our step-by-step user guides, we also educated migrant 

workers	across	43	dormitories	nationwide	on	the	use	of	digital	banking	

services, including the checking of account balances and executing 

of digital payments and remittances via POSB jolly and digibank. We 

also	enhanced	digibank	in	September	2020,	to	provide	a	simplified	

dashboard interface for migrant workers’ where commonly used 

services are displayed prominently upon logging in.

Read more about POSB jolly and digibank.

Building a savings and investment habit

To	cultivate	financial	literacy	among	the	young,	we	launched	POSB 

Smart Buddy,	the	world’s	first	in-school	wearable	savings	and	

payments program in Singapore. Since its launch in 2017, there are 

now more than 60 schools and 28,000 students onboard the program. 

With multiple payment modes, purchasing meals in school and at select 


25

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

retailers outside of school are now cashless. Students can track their 

expenses, learn about budgeting and are encouraged to save regularly 

with the Smiley Stamp Savings programme, where a 10% bonus is 

awarded every month with every 20 stamps when collected. Students 

from lower-income households are also able to utilise subsidies more 

discreetly as opposed to the traditional physical coupons. Amid the 

Covid-19 pandemic, POSB Smart Buddy facilitated the transition to 

cashless interactions, minimising contact risk.

Read more about POSB Smart Buddy

To	assist	customers	in	financial	planning,	we	rolled	out	DBS NAV 

Planner,	an	industry-first	digital	advisory	solution	that	leverages	

big data and technology. Riding on the public-private open banking 

initiative, Singapore Financial Data Exchange, users can consolidate 

financial	information	across	multiple	banks	and	government	sources	

(e.g. Central Provident Fund Board, Housing Development Board, Inland 

Revenue Authority of Singapore). This enables customers in Singapore 

to	get	a	consolidated	view	of	their	assets	and	liabilities,	making	financial	

planning more seamless. 

We further combined predictive analytics and customer-centric 

design to transform data into hyper-personalised insights and 

recommendations	that	simplifies	the	way	our	customers	manage	their	

finances	and	investments,	and	in	a	manner	that	is	appropriate	for	their	

specific	life	stage,	financial	circumstance	and	goals.	NAV	Planner	has	

delivered	more	than	30	million	financial	planning	insights.	

With	a	deep	commitment	to	raising	financial	literacy,	NAV	Planner	

also maintains an extensive digital library of knowledge materials and 

financial	planning-related	guides,	videos,	and	articles,	which	are	 

open-sourced on the website. To date, the platform has over 100 

articles and attracted more than 600,000 unique visitors. The NAV 

Planner crew also provides one-to-one sessions for customers to 

assess	their	financial	health	and	answer	finance-related	queries.

To further create awareness and encourage participation regardless of 

income levels, we launched the NAV University programme and have 

conducted	over	50	free	financial	literacy	classes	to	date,	benefitting	

over	3,700	participants.	In	2020,	we	extended	these	sessions	

and moved fully online. Plans are in place to further scale up the 

programme in future. 

Complimenting the NAV Planner is the digiPortfolio, one of our 

solutions to democratise wealth and lower barriers to investments. 

The investment platform, powered by robo-technology and targeted 

at younger investors, enables customers having no prior investment 

experience to invest in the Asia Portfolio with a minimum sum of SGD 

1,000. This overcomes barriers such as: lack of knowledge, tools and 

resources	to	monitor	financial	markets,	understanding	of	personal	risk	

appetite	and	limited	investment	funds.	Portfolios	offered	are	curated	by	

our portfolio managers which were previously accessible only to wealth 

customers with investment sums of SGD 500,000 or above.

Read more about NAV Planner and digiPortfolio.

Financing underserved businesses and customers

In Indonesia, we continued our collaboration with Home Credit 

Indonesia	to	provide	loans	under	a	joint	financing	scheme,	where	

customers can get access to loans when purchasing consumer 

durables and smart phones with Home Credit. More than 240,000 

customers obtained loans from DBS and Home Credit. This partnership 

enabled	us	to	meet	the	financial	needs	of	lower-income	customers,	

through Home Credit’s network. 

Working capital management is increasingly important to SMEs, which 

are critical to the supply chain ecosystems of larger organisations. 

Leveraging our rapport with larger organisations and building new 

strategic	partnerships,	we	extended	our	financial	products	and	services	

to over 2,200 new SMEs in 2020 alone. These partnerships include 

digital	trade	financing	initiatives	with	anchor	customers	such	as	Haier	

Group, Infor, C2FO, SESAMi, Trusple, among others.

We also actively participated in government-assisted schemes across 

several	key	markets	to	provide	SMEs	more	access	to	financing.	These	

include:

• Singapore Enterprise Financing Scheme (EFS), a scheme designed 

to	support	SMEs’	financing	requirements	throughout	their	various	

stages of growth. In 2020, the total outstanding loans for EFS were 

SGD	5.37	billion

• Taiwan SMEs Credit Guarantee (SMEG) Fund, which assists SMEs 

in	securing	financing	from	financial	institutions.	In	2020,	the	total	

outstanding	loans	for	SMEG	Fund	was	approximately	SGD	536	

million

• Direct loans and advances to small scale business to promote the 

agenda	on	access	to	finance	in	Indonesia

• Priority sector lending to critical sectors like agriculture, micro and 

SMEs and others, in India

As	of	31	December	2020,	our	SME	portfolio	has	more	than	210,000	

customers, with total lending at SGD 40.8 billion. Over the year, there 

were also more than 16,000 SME accounts opened digitally.

We also supported unicorn-potentials through our programme, DBS 

Startup Unleashed,	which	offers	a	comprehensive	suite	of	banking	

and professional services at zero costs for high growth start-ups in 

Software,	Internet	and	Emerging	Technologies.	In	2020,	35	eligible	

start-ups onboarded the programme. The programme provides access 

to DBS’ team of digital solution experts, mentorship and co-creation 

opportunities through the DBS Startup Xchange programme. 

Read more about DBS Startup Unleashed.

DBS Foundation’s unique role in championing social enterprises was 

premised	on	our	recognition	of	the	difficulties	social	enterprises	face.	

Our DBS Social Enterprise Banking Package, with loan processing fee 

waivers	and	lowered	interest	rates,	benefitted	692	social	enterprises.	

Additionally,	approximately	SGD	7.3	million	of	committed	unsecured	

loans were granted to social enterprises in 2020. 

Readmorein“SocialEntrepreneurship”onpage41.

Targets: We aim to grow our SME customer base minimally by 10% 

by 2025. 

We continue to invest in digital transformation capabilities and 

capacities by strengthening ecosystem partnerships and simplifying 

e-transactions to provide accessible, affordable and sustainable 

finance for our customers, and underserved populations. At the 

same time, we will enhance efforts in raising awareness on financial 

literacy and educating the communities where we operate in.

Casestudy

As part of DBS’ skills-based volunteering, we collaborated with NUS 

Kent	Ridge	Hall	for	a	financial	literacy	programme	specially	developed	

for migrant workers who were temporarily housed at NUS Prince 

George’s Park Residences. Using programme materials translated 

into native languages and six tailored lessons, 2,000 migrant workers 

were able to learn basic budgeting and how to use digibank and other 

convenient cashless services. The programme was very well received, 

and is now planned to be further developed and embedded into the 

core module of the NUS Financial, Risk and Digital Literacy Course 

Package.	The	NUS	Office	of	Student	Affairs	has	plans	to	share	and	

disseminate the programme to more than nine key NGOs to enable 

financial	inclusiveness	for	migrant	workers.


Pillar 1: Responsible banking

26

Targets: We continue to focus on supporting our employees’ 

efforts to deal fairly with all customers. Most importantly, we aim to 

maintain zero material instances of non-compliance in fair dealing.

Casestudy

Fully digital TeleAdvisory service allows customers to seek advice and manage their 

wealth and banking needs remotely.

With the restrictions on face-to-face meetings arising from the Covid-19 

outbreak,	the	ability	to	engage	with	customers	in	financial	planning	

conversations was severely impacted. Thus, we implemented a new 

Teleadvisory process to replicate in-person customer engagements via 

the use of video conferencing tools. Our consumer banking relationship 

managers were able to host 17,000 Teleadvisory sessions, comprising 

needs analysis and necessary product disclosures via screen-share. 

Customers’ signatures were also captured using electronic means, 

where applicable.

E.Cybersecurity

Our approach

DBS is a trusted brand name. We are committed to upholding our 

customers’ trust in us by protecting their assets and personal data. 

We continue to track developments in the cyber threat landscape and 

update our control environment to keep abreast of the rapidly evolving 

cyber risks.

We have established a cyber security programme based on widely 

adopted security standards to provide the breadth of the control 

coverage. This is complemented with a cyber threat framework to 

provide	the	technical	depth	to	ensure	control	effectiveness.

As the bank continues to enhance our cyber security controls to 

support changes to the way we work and deliver services to our 

customers, we engaged external subject matter experts to validate 

our cyber security programme. These experts assess the adequacy of 

our security programme in relation to our critical systems in meeting 

regulatory	expectations,	and	the	effectiveness	and	strength	of	our	

relevant controls and processes in mitigating cyber threats. 

We have multiple senior committees such as the Group Operational 

Risk Committee, Risk Executive Committee and the Board Risk 

Management Committee to provide oversight on cyber security 

risk matters and governs the enterprise operational risk tolerance 

including cyber security risk. Regular updates are provided to apprise 

management on key developments and trends in the cyber security 

space	as	well	as	the	results	and	gaps	identified	in	the	assessment	of	

our security programme.



D.Fairdealing

Our approach

Our Board and senior management set the tone from the top as the 

moral compass of the organisation, inculcating a strong culture of fair 

dealing across DBS to ensure we operate in a transparent, ethical and 

sound manner. We are committed to fair and just interactions with our 

customers by:

i)	 Responding	honestly	to	our	customers’	needs	and	requests; 

ii)	 Tailoring	appropriate	financial	outcomes	for	our	customers;	 

iii)	Deepening	competencies	of	our	financial	advisors;	and 

iv)  Communicating with our customers in a clear and transparent 

manner. 

In addition to relying on published codes of conduct, we advocate 

organisational safeguards to maintain a strong risk and governance 

culture. The Group Fair Dealing and Conduct Committee (FDCC), which 

is chaired by the CEO, oversees fair dealing matters across the Group 

where conduct and risk culture have been part of its mandate since 

2018. 

Metrics on fair dealing and conduct are tracked and monitored using 

a dashboard to assist the FDCC in identifying trends over time. Actions 

are also taken in response to incidents or trends to ensure delivery 

of fair dealing outcomes. There are established escalation protocols, 

where the Group encourages constructive challenges and debate on all 

views to be evaluated for decision-making. The FDCC submits reports 

to the Board Risk Management Committee on a quarterly basis to keep 

the	Board	apprised	of	the	effectiveness	of	the	strategy	in	driving	fair	

dealing and good conduct.

Besides statistical reports to both FDCC and the Board Risk 

Management Committee, thematic reviews on conduct and culture 

issues are also discussed. For example, one report focused on our 

strategy for further strengthening the supervision of our regional 

agency sales workforce for credit cards and unsecured loans, which 

highlighted the strategic plans relating to people, governance and 

control, monitoring and tracking.

Initiativesandprogressupdates

As a learning organisation, we believe in continuously upskilling our 

employees.	On	top	of	financial	planning	certification	courses,	our	

financial	advisors	have	also	been	trained	in	mediation	and	how	to	

exercise empathy to understand the underlying emotions of our 

customers	in	conflicts.

We	continually	refine	and	improve	our	financial	advisory	process	to	

safeguard the interests of our customers. In 2020, we strengthened 

sales processes and suitability controls to protect and serve customers. 

Some examples include:

• Introducing	a	new	investment	profile	migration	analysis	tool	to	help	

ascertain that clients who have been assessed and deemed suitable 

to	adopt	an	aggressive	investment	profile	have	not	been	subject	

to	undue	influence	by	our	relationship	managers.	This	tool	helps	

protect	our	customers	from	being	incorrectly	classified;	and

• Providing a new performance and advisory enablement tool for 

our relationship managers to assist them in conducting periodic 

portfolio	reviews	and	provide	timely	and	effective	advice	to	

customers.

There were no material instances of non-compliance concerning fair 

dealing during the year. Substantiated fair dealing complaints across 

the region also decreased by approximately 25% from a year ago.


27

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

Initiativesandprogressupdates

With the adoption of new technologies and an expanded attack surface 

from remote working measures coupled with an evolving cyber threat 

landscape, the bank and our customers will continue to be at risk of 

cyber attacks and potential breaches. 

We heightened our security monitoring and surveillance of malicious 

online activities as scammers migrated to cyber measures such as 

phishing to defraud our customers. Over the course of 2020, 210 

phishing websites were shut down with more than 87% taken down 

within 48 hours. Concurrently, security alerts of such scams were also 

promptly posted online to expose the scammers’ modus operandi. In 

2020, there were no material instances of customer data loss.

Internally, we accelerated the delivery of our planned security 

initiatives	in	an	effort	to	strengthen	the	cyber	resilience	of	our	people,	

process and technology. We engaged our employees via multiple 

communication channels to maximise our outreach. 

We delivered a general security awareness programme to more than 

24,000 employees via our Information Security e-learning platform. 

This annual training programme was further augmented with CybrFIT, 

our	gamified	security	awareness	training,	which	delivered	up-to-date	

security advisories and bite size training on emerging and prevailing 

cyber threats. We further increased the regularity of our phishing 

identification	exercises	to	educate	our	employees	on	the	identification	

and response to prevailing phishing attacks and malicious spams. 

We further supplemented this broad-based awareness programme 

with	targeted	training	for	250	key	technology	staff	supporting	the	

bank’s critical systems and applications. Specialised security training 

was also conducted for 1,011 of our software developers to raise their 

proficiency	in	secure	code	development.	Regular	briefings	and	updates	

were conducted for key front-line business units to highlight the 

broader cyber attack trends and potential risk areas.

We continue to invest in innovative security solutions in a bid to stay 

ahead in the cyber arms race. To date, our earlier investment in 

machine learning capabilities and security orchestration enabled the 

team to heighten the monitoring of cyber threats events within the 

existing level of resourcing. We further expanded the use of content 

disarm and reconstruction technology to mitigate internet threats. 

Strong multi-factor authentication and micro-segmentation were also 

implemented to secure the internal access to key applications and limit 

attack surfaces.

We further developed our own in-house: i) risk based vulnerability 

management programme to improve our cyber risk prioritisation 

and	mitigation	effort	and	ii)	crowd	sourced	cyber	threat	intelligence	

platform to provide predictive analysis of potential cyber threats and 

attacks.

While we secure our customers and strengthen our internal controls, 

we continue to contribute widely to national and industry cyber security 

initiatives including scholarship and mentorship for the development of 

cyber	security	talent	for	the	industry.	Our	efforts	and	contributions	to	

the	financial	industry	have	been	recognised	by	the	Institute	of	Banking	

&amp; Finance (IBF), with two of our Cybersecurity leaders conferred with 

the	“IBF	Fellow”	title	for	their	professional	mastery,	thought	leadership	

and commitment to industry development.

Targets: DBS adopts a zero-tolerance mindset for operational risk, 

including cyber security. 

As the bank looks to adapt to the new normal, we will proactively 

manage our short-term cyber risks as we continue to evolve our 

cyber security programme to safeguard our future. We will continue 

to monitor developments in the cyber threat landscape and invest 

in innovative cyber defence capabilities to protect our data and 

maintain high security hygiene in our technological environment to 

stay ahead of the cyber threat curve.

Casestudy

DBS embarked on a skills-based volunteering initiative, Cyber Wellness 

Programme, to train charities and social enterprises on cyber risks, 

threats and security best practices. The need for security awareness 

training was exacerbated as more organisations depend on technology 

and online services to continue their business and operations during 

the pandemic. As such, the team reviewed our approach and extended 

our	internal	online	gamified	security	awareness	e-learning	platform	to	

beneficiaries.	The	team	was	thus	able	to	reach	out	to	more	than	three	

times the number of participants, and delivered the security awareness 

message via a more interactive medium with quizzes and games.

F.DataGovernanceAndPrivacy

Our approach

Our multi-year roadmap to modernise our data governance 

programme while upholding privacy considerations have primed us 

to accelerate our momentum towards digital operations, giving us 

the ability to deliver greater value to our customers at scale without 

compromising individual privacy or risking security threats.

We have been progressively developing, building and maturing our data 

governance	capabilities	and	practices	across	five	core	dimensions:

i) Data Access and Security 

 

To increase data accessibility across the bank, whilst protecting  

 

it from theft and misuse 

ii) Data Ownership 

 

To establish clear data ownership and accountabilities across  

 

the data lifecycle with data recognised as an enterprise asset 

iii) Data Understanding 

 

To develop a shared understanding of our data assets 

iv) Data Quality 

 

To improve the quality and integrity of our data and enabling  

 

its	use	with	confidence 

v)  Responsible Data Use  

 

To	assess	use	cases	and	scale	our	use	of	artificial	intelligence	 

 

and analytics responsibly

Our Privacy Policy sets out the principles on the types of personal 

data collected and how we collect, process, and use them. More 

importantly, it encapsulates our commitment to safeguard and manage 

the	confidentiality	of	our	customers’	personal	data	in	a	responsible	

manner.	As	a	regulated	financial	institution,	we	are	obligated	to	ensure	

the	confidentiality	of	our	customers’	information,	financial	or	otherwise.	

This includes personal data held with the bank. 

Nevertheless, privacy and data protection regimes across jurisdictions 

are continually evolving. We observe converging consensus in selected 

aspects of privacy considerations. We continue to stay abreast with 

developments in privacy trends as well as data protection regimes 

across geographies to see that our privacy policies and practices 

remain agile to evolve and respond to these raised bars and 

expectations, as applicable.


Pillar 1: Responsible banking

28

We also recognise our duty to protect our customers’ data whilst 

ensuring	that	DBS	fulfils	legal	and	regulatory	requirements.	Any	law	

enforcement or government agencies’ request for information received 

will be carefully reviewed to ascertain that the request conforms with 

the scope and validity of the applicable laws and rights.

Initiativesandprogressupdates

Under Data Access and Security, we further developed our 

Enterprise Data Security Framework (EDSF) for our big data platform. 

This framework addresses data security throughout our ecosystem, 

encompassing four distinct layers: data protection, access, isolation and 

surveillance.	Significant	progress	in	2020	includes:

• Implementation of the data protection layer where any sensitive 

data ingested or created is automatically encrypted or tokenised 

at an attribute level. This provides further level of protection to the 

data	and	facilitates	its	preparation	for	analytical	use;

• Creation of a specialised data isolation layer to provide a safe and 

controlled environment. This enabled our data analytics users to 

continue working from home securely and allowed the bank to 

securely maintain the momentum of our various analytics initiatives 

through	the	Covid-19	pandemic;	and

• Introducing a paradigm shift in enabling access to data via a Pre-

Approved Persona-Based Access (PAPBA) solution. With PAPBA, 

analytics users are granted access to new and existing datasets that 

fit	their	assigned	personas.

On the data protection front, we continue to improve our controls to 

prevent	inadvertent	and	intentional	attempts	to	exfiltrate	data	from	

the bank’s environment. We engaged external security experts to 

assess our data protection controls and tightened our controls across 

our network and email data channels. We also extended our machine 

learning capabilities to cover the removal of the bank’s information via 

data channels such as network transfer, removable storage devices 

and printing, to identify and escalate anomalous behaviour for review 

and investigation. In addition, we continue to expand the coverage of 

our anomalous behaviour monitoring on the use of the bank’s systems 

and applications across the region, to detect anomalous behaviour 

and detect potential misuse of customer information. There were no 

material instances of data privacy breaches during the year. 

For Data Ownership, we continue to inculcate the importance, 

process requirements and accountabilities associated with good data 

management among our data stewards, analysts and data ingestion 

communities to ensure that data is managed as an enterprise asset. 

This approach is aligned to our lines of business so that similar levels of 

accountability	and	control	are	in	place	to	ensure	that	the	data	is	fit	for	

purpose with those who create and use it.

Data Understanding is about ensuring the completeness and quality 

of metadata to ensure data is easily discoverable and understood by 

our users. We continue to consolidate our core data assets onto a 

single data and analytics platform. 

A key part of this platform’s data ingestion approach is to ensure 

that minimum metadata standards are met upfront. These include 

ensuring	that	all	data	attributes	are	appropriately	classified	so	that	we	

can	apply	the	right	access	and	security	protocols;	every	attribute	has	

a	named	data	owner	and	steward	to	ensure	accountability;	and	all	

sensitive data was assigned business term and description for users to 

discover and better understand the data before use. To date, our DBS 

metadata	repository	contains	metadata	for	more	than	8,300	data	sets	

that have been ingested from approximately 160 of the bank’s core 

business applications and data sources. 100% of data attributes are 

appropriately	classified	with	named	data	owner	and	steward,	and	100%	

of sensitive data has been assigned business terms. This equates to 

approximately 60% of the bank’s core data. 

Data Quality is	pivotal	in	ensuring	that	our	data	is	fit	for	purpose	

and	that	our	user	communities	can	use	data	with	confidence.	A	

fundamental	requirement	in	achieving	this	is	the	ability	to	profile	our	

data at scale and assess its quality. At the start of the year, we rolled 

out new data quality tools and initiated several pilots and automated 

dashboards to assess data quality at scale across key quality 

dimensions of completeness, accuracy, consistency, timeliness and 

integrity.

Responsible Data Use is very much an emerging theme in data 

management. This component of data governance focuses more on 

data privacy, how and why data is being used, versus more traditional 

data management which focuses on how the data itself is being 

managed. Two major themes have emerged globally in this space: data 

ethics	and	artificial	intelligence	governance.	As	such,	our	Responsible	

Data	Use	framework	has	been	designed	to	specifically	address	these	

two distinct but interrelated topics.

Conceptualised in 2019, our PURE Framework aims to ensure 

responsible data use across the bank, where we assess data use cases 

against our PURE Principles (Purposeful, Unsurprising, Respectful, 

Explainable). It was also intentionally made explicit within the 

framework that mere compliance with laws and regulations will not be 

sufficient.	The	PURE	Framework	has	since	been	fully	institutionalised	

across the bank in 2020. This was enabled through the development 

of an in-house assessment tool and overlaid with formal governance 

procedures, operating models and the introduction of mandatory 

training. The process is a key enabler in ensuring that our use of data is 

responsible and that data privacy considerations are embedded within 

each unit’s culture and business practices.

With	the	bank’s	goals	to	industrialise	the	use	of	artificial	intelligence	

and machine learning (AI/ ML), we have embarked on developing the 

second dimension of our Responsible Data Use Framework this year to 

govern the development of AI/ ML models throughout their lifecycles. 

We are keenly aware that this is still an emerging theme and take an 

iterative approach to keep pace with their regulatory developments 

globally and regionally.

Key achievements in this space include the development of a bank-

wide	model	inventory;	a	materiality	assessment	framework	to	ensure	

the	appropriate	governance	oversight	commensurate	with	risks;	

baseline	requirements	applicable	to	all	AI/	ML	models;	and	embedding	

the requirements into DBS’ AI/ ML model development protocol. Our 

approach will continue to evolve through active participation in industry 

and regulatory initiatives. 

On external contribution, our CEO, Mr. Piyush Gupta, is a council 

member of the Singapore InfoComm Media Development Authority 

(IMDA) Advisory Council on the Ethical Use of AI and Data. The council 

advises and works with IMDA on the responsible development and 

deployment of AI and is an example of a private-public relationship 

to enable a digital economy. We are also proactively participating and 

sharing our perspectives on data governance and responsible data use 

in various industry discussions, consultations and think-tank sessions. 

Topics discussed span across data portability, business innovation, and 

AI model governance, among others.

As	of	31	December	2020,	DBS	remains	the	only	bank	in	Singapore	to	

be	certified	with	Singapore’s	Data	Protection	Trustmark	(DPTM).	The	

DPTM	is	a	voluntary	enterprise-wide	certification	launched	by	the	IMDA.	

The	certification	is	an	attestation	of	DBS’	commitment	to	accountable	

and responsible data protection practices. Furthermore, DBS actively 

participates in IMDA’s outreach to promote DPTM, including hosting 

industry	sessions	to	share	our	DPTM	certification	journey.


29

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

Targets: In 2021, our focus remains to accelerate time-to-data whilst 

managing risks. These will include:

• Extending the scope and reach of the EDSF initiative by further  

 

expanding the adoption of PAPBA and extending the scope and  

 

nature of our data security components; 

• Exploring use of Arculus, our new innovative Data Access Policy 

 

&amp; Enforcement Engine, that will leverage open source software  

 

to provide next generation data security capabilities whilst  

 

ensuring that we balance access to data and manage the risk  

 

surface area; 

• Improving the completeness and quality of our metadata in line  

 

with the continued ingestion of our core data assets to our data  

 

platform; 

• Scaling up data quality profiling to address more of our critical  

 

data attributes and iteratively replacing legacy data quality  

 

routines where there is a high level of manual intervention and  

 

inefficiency; and 

• Maturing our approach to managing AI and model risk. This will  

 

include working closely with both industry and regulatory bodies  

 

across the region to help consolidate and converge thinking on  

 

this emergent subject.

Casestudy

 

 

 

 

As DBS continues our drive towards a data driven operating model, 

the need to improve overall data literacy and awareness has never 

been more important. During the year, six novice data management 

online learning modules were developed and deployed on DBS’ 

online learning platform (Digify) covering the following topics: Data 

Management Framework, Data Access and Security, Data Discovery and 

Understanding, Data Quality, Data Ownership and Responsible Data 

Use (PURE). Over 18,000 employees across the bank has successfully 

completed these modules. In addition, specialist practitioner training 

modules were rolled out to ensure that we continue to not only 

raise general bank-wide awareness and competency, but also to 

build	demonstrable	expertise	in	areas	of	significant	importance.	In	

demonstrating our continual improvement towards data literacy and 

awareness, we now have over 900 fully trained PURE practitioners 

across the organisation.

G.PreventingFinancialCrime

Our approach

We have a robust governance and control framework that incorporates 

training, advisory, enforcement and compliance with bank-wide policies 

and procedures around anti-money laundering (AML), combating 

the	financing	of	terrorism	(CFT),	proliferation	financing,	sanctions,	

fraud, bribery and corruption. In addition, data analytics and systems 

capability	are	heavily	leveraged	to	help	prevent	financial	crimes	in	our	

footprints.

We are committed to conducting business professionally and in 

accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and highest 

ethical standards. This commitment is embodied in our Group Code 

of	Conduct.	To	us,	financial	crime	includes	money	laundering,	terrorist	

financing,	proliferation	financing,	sanctions	evasion,	fraud,	bribery	and	

corruption. Our governance framework consists of the following:

i) Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy and Standard 

 

Incorporates the core elements of risk assessment, controls and  

 

monitoring, due diligence, gifts and entertainment, and reporting  

 

requirements. All these are underscored by senior management  

 

commitment and communication. For instance, bribery and  

 

corruption can take many forms including the provision or  

 

acceptance of kickbacks, political contributions, charitable  

 

sponsorships and contributions amongst others.   

ii) Anti-Fraud Policy and Standard  

 

Encompasses	elements	of	identification,	risk	assessment,	fraud	 

 

controls and monitoring, investigation and remediation, reporting  

 

and analysis, all of which are underpinned by strategy, governance  

 

and risk culture. 

iii) AML, CFT and Sanctions Policy and Standard  

 

Establishes baseline requirements on Know Your Customer/  

 

Customer Due Diligence (CDD) to manage money laundering,  

 

proliferation	financing,	terrorism	financing,	and	sanctions	risks.	 

 

This includes digital non-face-to-face onboarding requirements and  

 

controls,	identification	and	risk	management	of	higher	risk	 

 

customers	such	as	politically	exposed	persons.	It	also	defines	the 

 

minimum standards with which the bank and its subsidiaries must  

 

comply, such as screening customers and transactions against  

 

the applicable sanctions lists, to meet the applicable sanctions laws  

 

and regulations in jurisdictions which we operate.

From a policy and governance perspective, the Financial Crime and 

Security	Services	team	is	responsible	for	and	oversees	the	financial	

crime compliance programmes for the Group. The Group Operational 

Risk	Committee	also	regularly	reviews	reports	on	financial	crime,	and	

material issues are escalated to the Risk Executive Committee and 

Board Risk Management Committee, where necessary.

Any employee who contravenes these policies and standards may 

be subject to investigation and disciplinary action up to and including 

termination of employment. Such incidents may also be escalated to 

the authorities and lead to prosecution of the parties involved.













DataSecurity

DataOwnership

DataManagement

Framework

DataQuality

DataUnderstanding

DesignforData


Pillar 1: Responsible banking

30

Initiativesandprogressupdates

Our	anti-financial	crime	culture	includes	a	training	and	awareness	

programme with associated activities. Every employee is expected to 

recognise	financial	crime	and	is	empowered	to	take	the	necessary	

actions to mitigate such risks. We do this by ensuring that:

i) All our employees complete mandatory AML and sanctions  

 

refresher	training	annually; 

ii) All new employees complete mandatory AML and sanctions,  

 

anti-fraud,	anti-bribery	and	corruption	training;	and 

iii) All employees complete our Code of Conduct and Risk  

 

Culture refresher training and acknowledgment annually.

In line with our Anti-Bribery and Corruption programme, we do not 

make any political-related contributions involving lobbying, campaigns, 

and others.

Fraud prevention, monitoring and loss recovery

We	embarked	on	a	programme	to	prevent	financial	losses	and	improve	

customer experiences for customers who were victims of scams, social 

engineering, and other mechanisms used by criminals.

We	enhanced	system	rules	to	temporarily	block	specific	high-risk	

transactions	upon	changes	in	customer	profile	and	their	transfer	limits.	

We also rolled out major detection and monitoring capabilities which 

can block fraudulent transfers, customise rules, and alert customers in 

real time on suspicious activity occurring in their accounts.

Since the start of 2020, our ability to recover funds improved by 40%, 

from process enhancements, employee training and public awareness 

campaigns.

As a member of the Association of Banks in Singapore Anti-Scam 

Taskforce, DBS co-leads an inter-bank workstream with Maybank, 

Singapore Police Force and Infocomm Media Development Authority 

to identify and prevent unsolicited scam calls and messages, in 

collaboration with telecommunications service providers in Singapore.

Dynamic Review Assessment 

We continue to employ our Dynamic Review Assessment (DRA) process, 

a	first-of-its-kind	in	the	industry,	which	uses	behavioural	red	flags	on	

top of static data to trigger a CDD review in a timely manner. This 

enables us to implement enhanced due diligence measures triggered 

on low and moderate risk cases that are subsequently assessed to be 

of higher risk. 

Since	operationalisation,	DRA	has	significantly	reduced	CDD	reviews,	

allowing us to redeploy the same resources towards more targeted 

reviews for faster detection of bad actors. Customer relationships that 

exceed our risk appetite are terminated.

Improving risk surveillance

Money launderers and terrorist networks are highly sophisticated in 

the methods they use to conceal their transactions and activities. We 

strive to detect them from micro to macro levels - across transactions, 

accounts, customers, networks and macro corridors. We do this 

by deploying an array of tools such as network link analysis, macro 

corridor surveillance and outputs from AI/ ML models. Insights from 

these capabilities will eventually be integrated into our intelligent case 

management system used by analysts to review suspicious alerts.

Macro payment flow dashboard

We	monitor	fund	flows	between	countries	and	between	banks.	This	

allows	us	to	have	a	bird’s	eye	view	of	flows	which	are	of	significant	

amounts or which exhibit unusual patterns. When a suspicious 

flow	is	identified,	we	use	an	array	of	data	analytics	tools	to	flag	out	

customers and transactions for deeper investigation. Bad actors 

are comprehensively detected and exited in a shorter time frame 

compared to traditional monitoring at the customer transaction level.

Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning models

We continue to deploy our machine learning models across 

multiple customer segments and throughout the region, to help 

our investigators focus on reviewing high-priority alerts. An example 

is our hibernation models that risk rates every alert based on an 

extensive range of features, and putting alerts that are of lowest risk 

rating to hibernation. For the remaining alerts, the model marks them 

as	red,	amber,	or	green	so	investigators	may	apply	differentiated	

levels of review. Hibernation has led to a considerable reduction 

in	alert	volumes.	The	models	are	continuously	refined	to	enable	

stronger detection of new and emerging threats, as well as suspicious 

networks. We continue to augment our data capabilities to support the 

development	of	analytical	models	that	can	effectively	detect	financial	

crime	across	different	typologies.

Customer Regional Unified Surveillance Enterprise (CRUISE)

Since 2019, we have enhanced our in-house intelligent case 

management system and strengthened our transaction surveillance 

team’s	ability	to	review	suspicious	activities	flagged	by	rule-based	

systems, AI models or frontline employees. We used Robotic Process 

Automation	technology	to	aggregate	data	from	60	different	systems	

for our investigators to have a holistic view of customer information 

and transactional activities, complemented with risk scores and 

accompanying explainer guide guiding investigators through evidences 

indicative of risk. This accelerates their ability to determine whether the 

unusual behaviours warrant reporting to the authorities.

Ongoing awareness and training 

DBS has an ongoing whistleblowing programme, Speak Up to provide 

a safe environment for genuine concerns to be reported on potential 

misconduct while creating awareness to build a responsible and 

ethical	organisation.	The	programme	offers	various	channels	for	

whistleblowing, including an independent hotline managed by Deloitte. 

To better protect anyone with genuine concerns, anonymity is available 

upon request and any reprisals when disclosures are made in good 

faith, are not tolerated. All incidences are duly and independently 

investigated in accordance to the bank’s established protocols, for 

appropriate follow-up action(s).

We continue to invest in mandatory training and awareness 

programmes, as it is our core belief to equip our employees with 

relevant	financial	crime	knowledge	to	enable	them	to	recognise,	

prevent	and	detect	financial	crime	to	the	extent	possible.

Targets: We have zero tolerance for any acts of bribery, corruption 

and fraud, and will comply with applicable AML, CFT and unilateral or 

domestic sanctions laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which 

we operate.


31

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

Casestudy

Since 2019, we have used link analysis to visually represent connections 

between	customers	and	counterparties	flow	of	funds	to	uncover	

complex and hidden networks. We have also embedded analytics-

driven prompts for visualisation of potentially suspicious transaction 

cycles. 

Our	tool,	Artemis,	has	enabled	us	to	uncover	significant	money	

laundering networks and to purge them from DBS and the broader 

Singapore	financial	system.



Artemis, our in-house network link analysis tool.


Pillar 2: Responsible Business Practices

32

H.Talentmanagementandretention

Our approach

We started our digital transformation journey in 2016 upskilling and 

reskilling employees to help them build and enhance their career 

resilience. Since the onset of Covid-19, we further stepped up on our 

efforts	to	develop	a	future	ready	workforce.	

Our	Employee	Value	Proposition	“Live	Fulfilled”	encapsulates	our	talent	

management approach.  Our talent management policies cover:

i. Resource management that includes recruitment, onboarding  

 

and	separation; 

ii. Compensation and benefits which aligns with our Financial  

 

Stability Board’s Principles for Sound Compensation Practices  

 

as	well	as	the	Code	of	Corporate	Governance;	and 

iii. Learning and development where we adopt the Triple E  

 

Development Framework (Experience, Exposure and Education)  

 

to ensure robust and holistic investment in continuous growth  

 

and development of all our employees.

Initiativesandprogressupdates

Future of Work, Workforce and Workplace

In November 2020, we announced a series of initiatives on the Future 

of Work, Workforce and Workplace to realise new ways of working in 

the new normal. These initiatives are a result of insights gathered from 

research, deep dive experiments and employee surveys across all units 

between April to June 2020.

Distributed workforce model 

All	employees	will	be	given	the	flexibility	to	work	remotely	up	to	40%	

of the time. A bank-wide survey found that employees have taken well 

to digital ways of working, with 95% of respondents agreeing that the 

technology provided by the bank has enabled them to work remotely 

effectively,	and	95%	agreeing	that	they	felt	connected	and	supported	by	

their teams and the bank.

Flexible work arrangements

Building on the ability to operate successfully in split teams over the 

past few months, the bank will also implement a job-sharing scheme to 

better	support	employees	who	need	more	flexible	work	arrangements.	

This scheme will enable two employees to share the responsibilities 

of one full-time role. At the same time, the bank also introduced more 

part-time work opportunities.

Multidisciplinary, data-driven team 

We will accelerate its transition to a new operating model characterised 

by	project-specific,	data-driven	multidisciplinary	teams	instead	of	

conventional vertical functions. The intention is to be centred on 

problem statements, many of which are multidisciplinary by nature, and 

have employees work across silos to provide the best solution.

Re-designing work and collaboration spaces 

As we move towards a more distributed workforce, we are also 

improving	the	design	of	our	office	spaces	to	support	employee	

activities that need to be conducted physically together. Over 80% of 

employees across key markets indicated that they preferred to have 

more open collaboration spaces to facilitate informal discussions and 

cross-team ideation, which they found challenging to do remotely. 

Pillar 2:  

Responsible business practices

Building on our experience in developing ‘JoySpace’, or activity-based 

workspaces, we continue to enhance our designs taking employee 

feedback into consideration. We have also launched a 5,000-square 

foot ‘Living Lab’ to test out how best to blend physical and virtual 

workspace	configurations.

Transformational leadership

In 2020, our key focus was to continue driving transformational 

leadership as an organisational capability bank-wide. Our vision for 

transformation leadership is to build great leaders, teams and culture. 

We believe that building an environment of candour and transparency, 

undergirded by a growth mindset is essential to enabling individuals 

to constantly grow and develop, and support teams in constantly 

improving and innovating. Initiatives that we have conducted to drive 

transformational leadership include:

• Anytime Feedback, to provide employees opportunities to give 

and receive feedback from colleagues. We enhanced this with 

non-anonymous feedback through Get Feedback for Self in 2020. 

Over 2,500 employees provided positive reviews during our annual 

employee engagement survey on how this has supported their 

personal	development;

• T-Sprints, a series of team leadership workshops which we 

launched for our top 50 leadership teams across the bank in  

2020. We will extend the T-Sprints to another 50 leadership  

teams	in	2021;	and

• Self-Nomination for Promotions, was introduced in 2020 to 

empower employees to take ownership of their career development, 

provide more transparency in the process and facilitate open and 

frequent career development conversations between employees 

and their managers.

Continuous employee development 

As skills required in banking are fast evolving with new roles constantly 

being	introduced,	DBS	will	be	doubling	down	on	our	efforts	to	build	a	

future-ready workforce with employees that are empowered to drive 

their own growth and development.

• We	have	identified	over	7,200	employees	across	the	bank	to	be	

upskilled and reskilled starting 2021. These employees will be 

supported by robust yet agile learning pathways with programmes 

designed internally or with various industry partners. They will also 

go through structured on-the-job training to set them up for success 

in	their	new	roles;

• To empower employees in actively building their careers in DBS, we 

launched DBS Match, an in-house designed job matching algorithm 

that helps employees identify opportunities for new roles within 

the bank based on their skills and experiences, and also highlight 

learning	areas	to	enable	the	individual	to	be	equipped	for	new	roles;

• We organised the Amazon Web Services (AWS) DeepRacer 

Challenge,	a	gamified	learning	platform	in	partnership	with	AWS	for	

more	than	3,000	employees	to	pick	up	the	fundamentals	of	artificial	

intelligence and machine learning. DBS is now the most AWS-

certified	organisation	in	Singapore;	and

• To	promote	fluency	in	data	use,	over	18,000	employees	have	

completed data-related training, with more than 2,000 employees 

trained in data science and business intelligence through our very 

own Data University available bank-wide. Our upcoming Cloud 

University will feature an enhanced cloud curriculum, providing even 

more opportunities for our employees.


33

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

Engagement score

We achieved higher employee engagement despite tough times. 

For example, we maintained our ranking at the 87th percentile in the 

2020 Kincentric My Voice Survey across a global benchmark, with an 

improvement in the employee engagement score to 84%. Learning and 

development remained the second-highest rated dimension, scoring 

three percentage points higher than the average score of APAC’s Best 

Employers. In the same survey, our managers continued to be rated 

positively	for	manager	effectiveness,	with	an	improvement	score	of	87%.

MyVoiceSurvey

2020

2019

2018

Employee engagement score

84%

83%

82%

DBS strongly supports the learning  

and development of its employees

91%

90%

90%

Awards

Our	continued	efforts	in	being	an	employer	of	choice	is	evident	in	the	

various awards that we have won across the countries that we operate 

in. We were recognised as Kincentric’s Best Employer in all our core 

markets and some International Centres (Thailand, UK and Korea). 

Additionally,	we	have	once	again	been	certified	as	the	Regional	Best	

Employer	in	Asia	Pacific	for	2020.

Statistics

i) Total number of employees and voluntary attrition rate(8)  

 

Our	voluntary	attrition	rate	improved	from	13%	in	2019	to	8%	in	2020,	 

 

largely due to the challenging employment market due to Covid-19.

Read more in “Information on employees” on page 48.

ii) Average training hours(9) per year per employee  

 

by gender and employee category  

 

The average training hours for permanent employees remained  

 

largely	the	same	from	38.7	in	2019	to	38.9	in	2020.	This	was	 

 

achieved despite the pandemic and mandatory telecommuting  

 

arrangements where all face-to-face training sessions were  

 

converted into online sessions that are designed to require less  

 

time commitment.

iii) Percentage of positions filled internally 

 

 Our	internal	mobility	rate	improved	from	25%	positions	filled	

internally	in	2019	to	36%	in	2020	due	to	our	robust	talent	

management practices. The utilisation of our in-house designed job 

matching algorithm DBS Match, that uses a data-driven approach 

to match employees with potential roles, yielded positive results in 

improving our internal mobility rate.

iv)  Percentage of employees who receive regular career 

development reviews 

 100% of employees received regular career development reviews  

in 2020 and 2019.

Targets: We will continue to invest heavily in driving continuous 

growth and development bank-wide, so as to build great leaders at 

every level and great teams.  We also aim to continue positioning 

ourselves as an employer of choice in 2021 through our strong 

emphasis on driving our employee value proposition.

Casestudy

Future Forward Week

We held our inaugural week-long online learning and career planning 

festival	in	July	2020.		Running	eight	hours	daily	for	five	consecutive	

days, the festival featured 48 sessions and over 100 speakers. Our 

employees around the world were able to participate in this large-scale 

event to pick up new knowledge and skills required in the new normal 

for their personal and professional growth, and discover new roles of 

interest to take up for their career development.



(8)  

The rates exclude involuntary termination as well as contract, temporary and agency employee attrition. 

(9)  

 Excludes informal learning methods such as community-based learning; and exposure opportunities such as immersion programmes including customer and employee journeys.


Pillar 2: Responsible Business Practices

34

I.Diversityandequalopportunity

Our approach

Embracing diversity and inclusion is important to enable us to attract 

the best people, access a greater range of talent, and build more 

cohesive teams to produce the quality results and impactful outcomes 

for our business, customers, and communities. 

Our Board Diversity Policy and Resource Management Policy 

reflect	our	commitment	towards	building	a	diverse	workforce.	We	

continue to stand true to hiring based on merit, competencies and 

organizational	fit.	

Initiativesandprogressupdates

In line with International Women’s Day, we engaged our employees 

across	all	our	key	markets	to	share	their	thoughts	on	what	“Each	for	

Equal” meant to them and why it matters. We also released a special 

edition of SPARKS, with a special focus on DBS’ partnership with a social 

enterprise that is committed to empowering women.

We ran two signature programmes: ReImagine and My Persona, 

Woman 3.0 in our technology hub in Hyderabad. We extended 

ReImagine to DBS Singapore to hire women technologists who have 

been on a career break. Through an intentional assimilation process, 

the return-to-workforce new hires were successfully and seamlessly 

onboarded and integrated into the organization. My Persona, Woman 

3.0 is a leadership development programme for the third year running 

that empowers women to take on leadership roles in India. 98% of 

participants indicated that they would recommend the programme to 

their peers.

As	part	of	our	efforts	to	build	a	more	inclusive	workplace,	a	new	series	

of Unconscious Bias Training programmes was launched bank-wide 

to	create	greater	awareness	among	employees	for	more	effective	

collaboration in teams.

As the bank pivoted quickly towards a hybrid workplace model, new 

workplace behaviours and working patterns were introduced to 

reinforce our culture of inclusion despite remote working.  We also 

ran regular sentiment surveys and large-scale online events, such as 

learning festivals and virtual hangouts, to ensure that employees across 

the organization remain connected to one another.

Engagement Score 

In the past two years, our employees have rated the bank positively for 

our inclusive working environment. Our employees are also positive about 

being able to report unethical conduct without fear of retribution.

MyVoiceSurvey

2020

2019

2018

DBS has a work environment that is 

accepting of diverse backgrounds and 

ways of thinking 

90%

88%

88%

I can report an instance of unethical 

conduct without fear of retribution from 

anyone 

87%

88%

88%

Awards 

In	recognition	of	our	efforts	in	driving	gender	diversity,	we	were	

included in the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index for the fourth 

consecutive year.

Statistics

The overall gender pay gap across our six key markets, adjusted for 

ranks	and	locations	was	just	1.3%.

Breakdown of employee headcount by gender

In 2020, 51% of our total employee headcount was female, similar to 

the year before. Females made up 27% and 25% of the Board and 

Group Management Committee respectively.

Read more in “Information on employees” on page 49.

Targets: We remain committed to strengthen our efforts in building 

a diverse and inclusive workforce through deliberately designed 

learning and culture-building programmes.

Casestudy

DBS Women in Technology

As	part	of	our	efforts	to	increase	our	female	representation	in	the	

Technology	space,	DBS	hosted	our	first-ever	women-focused	fully	

virtual career fair for technologists in Singapore in October 2020. The 

event	offered	over	50	job	opportunities	across	11	technology	roles,	

including data engineers, scrum masters, full-stack developers, solution 

architects, and site reliability engineers. Over 500 applicants went 

through an 80-minute online assessment to gauge their technical and 

planning capabilities. Out of 200 shortlisted applicants, over 50 were 

recruited.

J.Workplacewell-being

Our approach

With the emergence of Covid-19 at the beginning of 2020 across our 

markets, safeguarding the health and well-being of employees was 

our top priority.  We applied the same high standards of care, safety 

and security across our markets but adapted to the local context and 

evolving situation.

Initiativesandprogressupdates

Physical well-being

Since the start of Covid-19, we responded quickly to take care of 

the	health	and	safety	of	our	employees	through	a	range	of	different	

measures:



0

20

40

60

80

100

51%

52%

53%

49%

48%

47%

Male

Female


35

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

• We distributed care packages comprising of medical supplies and 

health supplements to all our employees. Medical grade masks were 

also	provided	to	our	front-line	employees;

• We put in place a full suite of precautionary measures on our 

premises, including temperature screening, higher frequency of 

cleaning	and	disinfection,	and	regular	indoor	air	purging;

• To remind colleagues of safe management measures and 

personal hygiene practices, we placed safe distancing markings and 

over	5,000	targeted	messages	at	high	traffic	areas.	Key	personnel	

across departments were appointed to ensure safe management 

measures	are	strictly	adhered	to;

• Services and amenities such as our internal shuttle buses and in-

house cafeteria were tailored to support the bank’s spilt operations, 

staggered working hours, and compliance with safe distancing 

guidelines;

• Special meal arrangements were made at the height of the 

pandemic	for	colleagues	who	had	to	remain	physically	at	our	offices	

due	to	the	critical	and	essential	services	they	render;

• A series of medical webinars was arranged on a regular basis to 

keep employees informed and educated of the Covid-19 situation. 

Medical professionals shared about the nature of the virus and ways 

to protect oneself against the transmission of the virus. Medical 

teleconsulting services	were	also	provided	to	our	employees;	and

• iFlex,	our	anchor	benefit	for	our	employees	to	support	their	

well-being, was extended to cover new reimbursable items such 

as personal protective equipment purchased by employees. A 

special top-up amount was given to employees across all markets 

to facilitate remote working arrangements, allowing claims for 

expenses	incurred	for	home	office	set-up	such	as	chairs,	headsets,	

and other computer accessories.

Mental and emotional well-being

To support the mental and emotional well-being of our employees, 

we launched the DBS TOGETHER Movement that comprised many 

different	initiatives,	to	bring	employees	together	to	care	and	support	

one another, and galvanise everyone to proactively shape and prepare 

for the new normal.

• We conducted two virtual learning festivals, Learn.Share.Teach.

TOGETHER and FutureForward Week, featuring a total of more 

than 80 sessions and 150 speakers, to  bring employees across 

markets together, bond virtually through learning and virtual social 

hangouts, and also pick up new knowledge on megatrends and 

future	skills	to	prepare	them	for	the	new	normal;

• Our week-long Clock Your Happiness Challenge was launched 

across all locations and featured a series of mindfulness activities 

and competitions with free access to a mindfulness app to promote 

mental	and	emotional	well-being;

• Due to border travel restrictions, special staycation deals were 

offered	to	encourage	employees	to	take	breaks	from	work	to	rest	

and	recharge;	and

• Regular sentiment surveys were conducted, and we used these 

data to calibrate strategies to engage our employees.

Casestudy

Clock Your Happiness Challenge

Clock Your Happiness was a month-long campaign organised to 

highlight daily habits that improve mental and emotional well-being. 

Between May and June 2020, a series of webinars and team challenges 

across locations was organised, supported by a mindfulness app 

(Mindfi)	which	was	made	available	to	all	employees	until	the	end	of	the	

year.

At	the	end	of	the	30-day	campaign,	approximately	280,000	“happiness	

minutes” were clocked in the app and based on the feedback received, 

employees shared that they have been able to increase their capacity 

to deal with self-isolation, focus better and manage their moods on a 

day to day basis..

K.Sustainableprocurement

Our approach

Sustainable procurement practices will help businesses to reduce 

waste, contribute to decent working conditions and enable economic 

growth.		As	a	leading	financial	services	group	in	Asia	with	a	growing	

global presence, we purchase a diverse range of products and services, 

including professional services, software, real estate and corporate 

services. It is imperative that our procurement decision-making must 

also	consider	environmental	and	social	matters	alongside	financial	

factors. This year, despite the global pandemic, we did not experience 

any	disruption	to	our	operations.	We	will	continue	our	efforts	to	build	a	

strong and reliable supply chain for DBS. 

Our procurement is managed in accordance with the following:  

i. Group Procurement Policy 

 

 Outlines our strategy for the purchasing of goods and services 

to meet DBS’ requirements while ensuring minimum risks and 

maximum value.

ii. Group Procurement Standard 

 

	Extends	throughout	the	procurement	cycle,	from	identification	

and	specification	of	requirements	to	the	awarding	of	contracts	to	

suppliers.  

iii. Group Procurement Sourcing Guide 

 

Supplements the Group Procurement Policy and Standard documents. 

Initiativesandprogressupdates

Sustainable Sourcing Principles (SSP) 

The SSP has been central to our approach across our key markets 

since 2017. It outlines our expectations of our suppliers across these 

key	areas:	(1)	human	rights,	(2)	health	and	safety,	(3)	environmental	

sustainability, as well as (4) business integrity and ethics. All new 




Pillar 2: Responsible Business Practices

36

suppliers are reviewed against the SSP during registration and at 

regular intervals as part of our ongoing supplier management process.  

This year, 99.9% of our new suppliers signed their commitment to our 

SSP.	No	suppliers	were	identified	to	have	caused	significant	negative	

environmental or social impact in their operations or supply chains. 

There were also no terminated relationships post-assessment.

Read more about Sustainable Sourcing Principles.

Supply chain high-risk categories

The	sustainability	risk	materiality	assessment	identifies	specific	

categories with high ESG risks. Our biennial assessment for Singapore, 

most	recently	carried	out	in	2019,	identified	18	high-risk	categories.	

For competitive tenders in these high-risk categories, we incorporated 

organisational sustainability into the evaluation and selection process. 

This	sourcing	philosophy	creates	a	ripple	effect	by	encouraging	our	

suppliers to consider more sustainable solutions and modes of 

operation. 

Paper reduction

We started tracking and reducing our paper consumption since 2018, 

such	as	paper	used	for	office	printing	and	the	volume	of	cheques	and	

paper-based bank statements issued to our customers..   

In 2020, we introduced a quota-based paper budget feature in 

our e-procurement system across all departments, to help track 

the	amount	of	office	paper	purchased	in	real-time.	The	real-time	

tracking feature has helped several departments to avoid exceeding 

the allocated paper budget. Complementing this initiative, we ran 

the	#iAMin2	paper	reduction	campaign	with	gamification	elements	

to engage our employees across our key markets better. A paper 

reduction toolkit featuring case studies from our 2019 campaign was 

also shared with departments for their reference.

In view of the initiatives, we have successfully exceeded our 2020 

target	and	reduced	our	office	paper	consumption	by	208	tonnes,	or	

35%	against	our	2018	baseline.	This	is	equivalent	to	5,340	trees(10). We 

recognise	that	modified	work	arrangements	such	as	remote	working	

contributed	to	a	significant	bulk	of	the	paper	savings	this	year,	but	we	

continue to encourage mindful printing habits among our employees 

as	they	gradually	return	to	the	offfice.

In	2020	we	stepped	up	on	our	digitalisation	efforts	for	customer	

statements and e-Advices, yielding a year-on-year cost savings of SGD 

1.8 million. The volume of cheques generated and processed also 

decreased by more than 20% year-on-year in Singapore, translating to 

SGD 1.9 million in cost savings.

Read more in “Information on environmental footprint” on page 51.

Plastics reduction

At	DBS,	one	of	our	most	significant	consumption	of	single-use	plastics	

is bottled water. In 2019, all DBS branded bottled water was removed 

from our e-procurement system. Our operations in Singapore, Hong Kong  

and Indonesia have also eliminated the use of all single-use bottled water  

by customers on our premises, which accounted for about a 95% 

reduction against our 2018 baseline in the region.

We also made progress in other areas of single-use plastics 

consumption through internal education and mass collaboration with 

our suppliers. For example, we partnered our laptop suppliers to 

supply laptops in bulk packaging such that we reduced 250 grams of 

unnecessary	packaging	with	every	laptop	purchased.	The	benefit	also	

extended to less volumetric weight and hence a lower carbon footprint 

during transportation.

Circular procurement

To better utilise our resources, we have embedded circular procurement 

practices in our supply chain since 2018. In 2020, we embedded 

circularity in our procurement process and balanced scorecard 

through a points system. The system helps drive the right behaviours 

by rewarding the sourcing teams based on a projects’ complexity and the 

impact created in delivering more sustainable outcomes. 

We believe that the aggregated outcomes of circular procurement 

have the potential to catalyse systemic changes across entire industries 

when implemented at scale. That is why we have collaborated with 

the National Sustainable Procurement Roundtable (NSPR) to produce 

a Circular Procurement Playbook based on our own implementation 

experience. The Playbook is aimed at helping other companies implement  

circular procurement practices in their respective organisations. 

Targets: We believe that we are in a good position to drive 

innovation and explore experimentations to make meaningful 

impact. We will continue to ensure that 100% of our new suppliers 

are committed to our SSP.

We will continue to engage our employees and operators to 

change behaviours and reduce waste and carbon footprint for the 

environment.

Casestudy

DBS Supplier Day 2020

At our inaugural DBS Supplier Day, we invited our key suppliers to 

engage	in	conversations	to	raise	the	profile	of	sustainable	business,	

with more than 120 participants in attendance. We also took the 

opportunity	to	recognise	our	top	suppliers	who	exemplified	sustainable	

best practices through our inaugural Supplier Excellence Awards.

We	conducted	our	first	four-day	sustainability	training	programme	

with the Republic Polytechnic of Singapore. The sustainable operations 

training programme was conducted for 11 suppliers, that included 

a project consulting segment aimed to help companies identify 

improvement areas in developing green innovations, minimising 

waste,	and	implementing	cost-effective	projects.	We	believe	that	our	

investment in this collaborative approach will provide better sustainable 

outcomes	for	our	suppliers	and	in	turn	benefit	DBS’	operations.	

(10) 

 

Conversion of paper to trees, based on 75 gsm paper per ream: http://conservatree.org/learn/EnviroIssues/TreeStats.shtml.




37

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

L.Managingourenvironmentalfootprint

Our approach

As	a	financial	service	institution,	we	recognise	that	our	environmental	

footprint is small. Nonetheless, we commit to do whatever we 

can because we believe this is the right thing to do. We approach 

sustainable operations in a holistic manner that incorporates creative 

design thinking and continual improvement. We are developing 

sustainable strategies and then embedding new green infrastructures 

into the DNA of all our operations.

Measuring and reporting

We continually seek new approaches and measurements to ensure 

we are correctly measuring impact. Over the years, we have installed 

several new metering protocols in our rented spaces, installed new 

energy and chilled water meters, new scales and measuring devices 

to close as many data gaps as possible. For example, we added new 

information	about	our	bank	branches	and	offices	in	regions	that	may	

be water stressed(11).

To provide relevant and comprehensive information, we also included 

purchased chilled water in our Scope 2 energy calculations, as well as 

outsourced data centre energy in our energy reporting even as the 

emissions	are	considered	Scope	3.	In	the	same	vein,	we	also	included	

our portion of total building energy as reasonable as possible for data 

centres by multiplying our metered server rack energy by the data 

centre’s	power	usage	effectiveness.	

Read more in “Information on environmental footprint” on page 51.

Energy reduction and management

In line with our RE100 commitment, we have been working towards our 

interim target of powering 100% of our operations in Singapore using 

renewable	energy	by	2030,	and	eventually	extending	this	to	100%	of	

our global operations. 

To meet this commitment, DBS has adopted a four-prong approach to 

our overall renewable strategy: 

1. Drastically reduce consumption  

 

a.	 Reduce	energy	consumption 	 

 

b. Transform space design 

2. Produce renewable energy wherever possible  

3.	 Purchase	renewable	energy	for	energy	needs	 

4.	 Purchase	Renewable	Energy	Certificates	(RECs)	for	the	balance	

Water reduction and management

As	a	financial	service	institution	housed	across	commercial	office	

buildings, DBS generally has a low water footprint. Nonetheless, we 

manage	and	monitor	our	water	efficiency	use	and	maximise	our	green	

certifications	in	every	market.

Waste reduction and management

DBS believes in the concept of the circular economy, both in our living 

and built environments. That is why we integrated the concept of 

lifecycle analysis in managing our of purchased products. For example, 

we included clauses for the eventual re-use or re-purposing in our 

contracts	for	furniture	procurement	as	we	refurbish	office	spaces	–	

instead of tendering for disposal. We believe this is how we can realise 

our	vision	for	zero	waste	by	2030	while	advancing	circularity	across	our	

supply chains. 

Other carbon reduction and management

Purchased electricity accounts for most of our operational carbon. Hence  

our main lever for carbon reduction is by reducing energy consumption.  

Still, we take our direct emissions seriously and are constantly looking 

for ways to reduce or eliminate these emissions, in pursuit of our goal 

of becoming net zero in our operational carbon emissions by 2022. 

We are committed to reducing carbon and energy consumption rather 

than relying on carbon credit purchases to meet our goals. However, 

we	recognise	that	purchasing	carbon	offsets	during	this	transition	

phase is an important and practical stop-gap measure to address any 

residual	difference	after	implementing	our	reduction	strategies.	

Corporate real estate

The	physical	spaces	we	build	and	retrofit	today	will	continue	to	

consume energy over time. Taking this as a key consideration, we 

embarked on several programmes to kickstart a transformation to 

become	a	builder	and	designer	of	regenerative	and	beneficial	spaces.	

We	created	an	internal	catalogue	for	office-ware	materials,	based	on	

the concept of a circular economy. This will serve to improve the energy 

efficiency	across	our	use	spaces.	We	also	enjoyed	the	benefits	of	great	

partnerships with many social enterprises, who believe and enact the 

concept of circularity, through the networks of DBS Foundation.

Initiativesandprogressupdates

DBS continues to reimagine the future of work through learnings from 

the pandemic.  We believe that we will not go back to the traditional 

ways of working but that there will be fundamental shifts in mindsets 

and skillsets, and critical changes that will drive the future of work.

Read more in “Talent management and retention” on page 32.

Doubling down on our renewable energy transition

DBS’	RE100	commitment	reinforces	the	bank’s	continued	efforts	

to combat global warming and climate change by reducing its own 

environmental footprint. Our strategy can be broken down into the 

following initiatives: 

Reduce energy consumption

Our renewable strategy priority is to drastically reduce our energy 

consumption across all operations through optimising current systems 

and transforming new space designs. Some examples are summarised 

in the table below.

OptimiseCurrentSystems

TransformSpaceDesign

• 

Low energy lighting 

• 

Low energy air conditioning 

• 

Smart demand controls 

• 

Optimise building management 

controls 

• 

Specify lowest energy equipment and 

appliances 

• 

Design self-cooling digital lobbies 

• 

All new space design to be high 

performance-low energy 

• 

Right-size retail portfolio 

• 

Create	living	office	space	

• 

Create living branches 

Typical initiatives to optimise and transform energy consumption driven by the 

DBS’ Technology and Operations division

(11) 

 

Water stress is assessed using WRI.org tool ‘aqueduct water risk atlas’ where “stressed” is defined as “&gt;40% at risk”.


Pillar 2: Responsible Business Practices

38

Produce renewable energy wherever possible

As part of our energy strategy to enhance renewable energy 

production, we increased our total solar production by 427 KWp, with 

solar projects starting in Singapore, Indonesia, and India. We also 

retrofitted	our	parking	and	security	lighting	in	our	Singapore	offices	

with packaged solar lights. We have an equal number of solar projects 

slated for 2021 that are already in design.    

Locationexample

Description

India – Hyderbad Solar  

On 9 September, DBS commissioned solar installation 

on our Hyderbad branch in India. It generates energy 

at peak performance of 216 KWp and is expected to 

produce 27,200 KWh per year, or 60% of the branch’s 

electricity needs.

Singapore – Siglap Solar  

On 21 November, DBS commissioned solar installation 

at our Siglap premises. It generates energy at peak 

performance of 66 KWp and is expected to produce 

79,330	KWh	per	year,	or	20%	of	the	branch’s	electricity	

needs.

Indonesia – Juanda Solar 

On	30	December,	DBS	commissioned	solar	installation	

on our Juanda branch in Indonesia. It generates energy 

at peak performance of 145 KWp and is expected to 

produce	18,234	KWh	per	year,	or	15%	of	the	branch’s	

electricity needs.

Purchase renewable energy

DBS	has	been	financing	renewables	production	for	many	years	in	

Asia and is now working to be a consumer of the energy produced 

from these projects. Our goal is to purchase 100% of our residual 

energy from renewable sources using a power purchase agreement or 

bundled green energy contract. 

Purchase RECs for balance

Moving forward, our new strategy dictates that RECs will only be 

purchased from the same markets where energy is consumed, and 

only after all other renewable options are exhausted or optimised. In 

2020 alone, we purchased 14,500 RECs that are produced on the grid 

across our China and Hong Kong markets, alongside the 5,694 RECs 

that are produced on the Singapore grid.

We	believe	embracing	this	new	strategy	will	lead	to	significant	long	term	

savings for the bank, while contributing to our commitment to power 

100%	of	our	operations	in	Singapore	with	renewable	energy	by	2030.		

We	adopted	two	different	metrics	to	track	our	renewable	energy	use	

to enhance our understanding of our energy usage patterns. This is 

because	we	find	purchased	chilled	water	to	be	material	and	significant	

to our operations, although RE100 and CDP do not include this as 

part of their calculus for operational baseline. Likewise, RE100 does 

not include the energy required to run outsourced data centres in its 

baseline. 

2020Total

Baseline

Energy(MWh)

2020Energy

from

Renewables

(MWh)

2019%

Renewable

2020 % 

Renewable

RE100 (includes metered 

space energy only)

65,460

20,780

20%

31%

GRI (includes metered  

space energy, purchased 

chilled water energy and 

data centre energy)

98,507

20,780

14%

21%

Sustainable workspaces 

All	of	our	Singapore	branches	and	offices	are	Green	Mark	Certified	by	

the Building and Construction Authority Singapore. We also started 

a new process of upgrading all our spaces to achieve Green Mark 

Platinum	levels	as	our	properties	come	up	for	re-certification.	In	2020,	

we	recertified	five	Singapore	branches	and	upgraded	all	to	Platinum	

level,	alongside	the	new	DBS	office	space	in	Jakarta	that	was	also	

certified	at	the	Green	Mark	Platinum	level.	While	construction	on	the	

four-storey (9,464 m2)	office	space	was	completed	in	July	2019,	we	

documented and completed sustainability upgrades. This culminated 

in	our	Indonesian	headquarters	achieving	Platinum	level	certification	in	

2020. 

To include learnings from the design, construction, and operational 

phases	in	future	offices	and	branches,	we	are	also	creating	net-zero-

energy and super-low-energy concept spaces as we transform to more 

regenerative living spaces - that are designed to be integrated into the 

natural environment. In 2020, we have completed the design of net-

zero-energy	office	concepts	as	well	as	low	energy	pantries	that	use	heat	

pumps and solar-heated hot water.  

Furthermore, we completed our internal ‘Circular Economy Materials 

Catalogue’	to	allow	various	operations	managers	and	office	designers	

to have ready information on hand of the most sustainable products 

available.

Targets: We have committed to setting targets for our operational 

carbon footprint to (i) ensure net zero operational carbon emissions 

by 2022 and (ii) source renewable energy for all our Singapore 

operations by 2030.

We consider ‘operational carbon’ as our Scope 1 and Scope 2 

emissions, including several categories under the Scope 3 emissions, 

such as data centre electricity, business flight emissions, and 

outsourced vehicle fleet emissions. 


39

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

We seek to align our tax contribution in any tax jurisdiction with the 

value created in those locations, and only undertake transactions which 

we would be prepared to fully disclose. Our approach to transactions 

with clients is guided by our Tax Sensitive Transactions Standard. We 

will not knowingly engage in tax structures that aim to evade tax. In 

addition, we have in place a process to ensure that transactions that 

may lead to tax avoidance are escalated and reviewed by risk and 

control functions as and when required.  

Training is given to new joiners who may deal with transactions 

involving potential tax evasion or tax avoidance. This is supplemented 

by	clearly	defined	escalation	procedures,	reviews	of	new	products	and	

types of transactions, as well as regular communication and annual 

training to reinforce our approach.

Tax governance and risk management framework

The Board of Directors’ responsibility for sustainability includes 

responsible tax management and the Board Audit Committee oversees 

tax matters. The Group CFO, supported by the Head of Group Tax, 

oversees the tax function responsible for ongoing tax compliance and 

robust management of tax risks and exposures.

DBS	has	a	low	tolerance	for	tax	risk	and	adopts	a	clearly	defined	tax	

risk management framework that promotes transparency, fairness 

and accountability. This is implemented through our Group Tax 

Policy, which is approved by the Group CFO. The policy is further 

supplemented by standards and procedures to ensure continued 

adherence with the framework.

Our tax risk management framework is based on the following 

principles:

i) We only undertake transactions which are underpinned by strong  

 

commercial	motivations	that	we	are	prepared	to	fully	disclose; 

ii) We carefully consider the potential tax sensitivity of transactions and  

 

are	guided	by	a	set	of	established	escalation	and	approval	procedures; 

iii)	We	have	sufficient	skilled	employees	in	each	major	location	and	 

 

we	will	seek	independent	advice	on	transactions	with	significant	tax	 

 

uncertainty;	and 

iv)	We	take	our	tax	compliance	responsibilities	seriously	and	fulfil	all	 

 

our obligations as a compliant taxpayer. Senior management and  

 

independent	tax	consultants	review	our	returns	and	filings	prior	to	 

 

submission.

Base Erosion and Profit Shifting

Base	Erosion	and	Profit	Shifting	(BEPS)	refers	to	tax	avoidance	

strategies that exploit gaps and mismatches in tax rules to 

artificially	shift	profits	to	low-	or	no-tax	locations.	Singapore	is	part	

of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development 

(OECD)/ Group of Twenty (G20) Inclusive Framework on BEPS that 

is collaborating to implement measures to tackle tax avoidance, 

improve the coherence of international tax rules and ensure a more 

transparent tax environment. We welcome and support the consistent 

implementation of measures arising from the work of the OECD/ G20 

Inclusive Framework on BEPS. 

Globally,	locations	have	taken	significant	steps	to	address	BEPS	risks	

through the implementation of measures introduced by the OECD in its 

2015 BEPS Final Reports(13). We are committed to full compliance with 

these measures where implemented by locations.

Casestudy

Recognising the considerable waste – from food, plastics, to décor – 

usually generated from holiday festivities, DBS partnered with Edible 

Garden City, a social enterprise supported by the DBS Foundation, to 

create the DBS Giving Tree - a fully circular Christmas tree. 

The DBS Giving Tree was created entirely from upcycled wood 

materials, such as used shipping pallets, while its accessories were 

made from sustainable, and edible materials. Aside from wooden toys 

constructed from the same upcycled wood, the microgreens, herbs and 

edible	flowers	added	to	the	festive	mood.	

DBS Giving Tree - a 100% circular tree

The trees were then repurposed for Lunar New Year decorations, and 

thereafter	as	fixtures	in	the	DBS	Treasures	Lounge	at	Singapore	Changi	

Airport,	Terminal	3.	The	cycle	ended	when	it	returned	to	the	soil	at	DBS	

Food Forest, at the DBS Asia Hub in Singapore. 

Over 150 employees were engaged through a Lunar New Year décor 

making workshop to embellish the ‘trees’ that were transformed into 

diamond-shaped wooden structures. Tips on how to reduce waste 

during festivities and the story behind DBS Giving Tree were broadly 

circulated internally and externally to raise awareness as well.

M:Responsibletaxmanagement

Our approach(12)

We are committed to paying our fair share of taxes in the locations 

where we operate and complying with all relevant tax laws and 

regulations.	This	includes	the	fulfilment	of	local	tax	filing	obligations	and	

timely payment of taxes. 

It is the sovereign right of governments to set tax laws and regulations 

in the context of the competitive global marketplace. Tax incentives and 

exemptions	are	an	effort	by	governments	to	encourage	investment,	

employment and economic growth. To balance the interests of our 

stakeholders, we claim legitimate incentives and exemptions that are 

granted to us. 

(12) 

 

 We comply with the requirements under the United Kingdom Finance Act 2016. The statements presented in the “Approach” section serve as DBS’ Tax Strategy, 

in compliance with Schedule 19, Part 2, Paragraph 19 of the said Act. These statements are effective for 2020 and 2021.






Pillar 2: Responsible Business Practices

40

During 2020, the OECD has continued its work to tackle the tax 

challenges arising from the digitalisation of the economy, releasing two 

reports(14) for public consultation, outlining proposed solutions to these 

tax challenges.

We remain an active participant in these discussions through feedback 

to the OECD, local tax authorities and various industry forums. If 

changes are made to the international tax system (e.g. the allocation of 

taxing rights across locations), these will be far-reaching and may have 

some impact to DBS’ cross-border business activities.

Transfer pricing

Our transfer pricing approach aims to be in compliance with the arm’s-

length principle and we have established policies and standards which 

govern transfer pricing between related parties of the DBS Group. Our 

approach is aligned to the domestic tax laws where we operate and the 

requirements of the OECD Transfer Pricing Guidelines for Multinational 

Enterprises and Tax Administrations. We also examine our approach in 

the context of evolving international standards such as the OECD/ G20 

Base	Erosion	and	Profit	Shifting	Project	Reports	and	Action	Plans	(OECD	

BEPS).

Initiativesandprogressupdates

We regularly engage tax authorities based on mutual respect and trust. 

We	aim	to	be	transparent	in	our	tax	filings	and	will	provide	authorities	

with	sufficient	information	such	that	robust	conclusions	regarding	the	

tax treatment of our activities can be made.

In all locations, we seek opportunities to meet with tax authorities 

to exchange views and ensure our local business is understood. 

For example, we participate in the Enhanced Taxpayer Relationship 

Programme introduced by the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore 

to engage with them in a transparent manner and facilitate timely 

resolution of our tax matters.

Where	transactions	are	significant	and	require	greater	certainty,	we	

initiate transparent discussions with tax authorities (e.g. Advance 

Pricing Agreements) to discuss and achieve upfront agreement. We also 

engage independent external tax advisors regularly to conduct reviews 

ensuring our approach taken is appropriate. In 2020, we continued to 

pursue bilateral Advance Pricing Agreement with the tax authorities of 

two locations and conducted independent reviews of selected related 

party	transactions	with	global	accounting	firms.	

DBS is a regional bank. The tax we pay is a function of where we 

operate and the applicable tax laws in those locations. In 2020, we 

contributed	SGD	612	million	in	income	taxes.	Our	effective	tax	rate	

includes permitted concessionary tax rates and income not subject to 

tax	for	specific	banking	activities.	

Read more in “Geographic profit segmentation” on page 47.  

In addition to income taxes, DBS also collected Goods and Services 

Tax (GST)/ Value-Added Tax (VAT) on behalf of governments across the 

locations where we operate.

Group(inSGDmillion)

2020

2019

Profit	before	tax

5,368

7,583

Income tax expense charged to income statement

612

1,154

Tax	as	a	percentage	of	profit	before	tax(15)

11%

15%

Irrecoverable GST/ VAT/ Service Tax

57

53

Payment of GST/ VAT collected from customers(16)

207

239

Read more about the basis for determining the domestic taxes paid  

in DBS subsidiaries’ accounts.

Targets:  We support the consistent implementation of OECD BEPS 

measures, and the contributions of the tax jurisdictions collaborating 

to implement measures targeted at tackling BEPS. As domestic tax 

laws and international tax standards continue to evolve, we will 

continue to fulfil our role as a responsible and compliant taxpayer to 

pay our fair share of taxes.

(13) 

 

 See OECD (2015), Explanatory Statement, OECD/G20 Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Project, OECD.

(14) 

 

 See OECD (2020), Tax Challenges Arising from Digitalisation – Report on Pillar One Blueprint: Inclusive Framework on BEPS, OECD/G20 Base Erosion and Profit 

Shifting Project; and OECD (2020), Tax Challenges Arising from Digitalisation – Report on Pillar Two Blueprint: Inclusive Framework on BEPS, OECD/G20 Base 

Erosion and Profit Shifting Project.

(15) 

 

Refer to Note 12 of DBS Annual Report 2020 financial statements for reconciliation against Singapore basic tax rate.

(16) 

 

Payment of GST/VAT collected from customers excludes any reverse charge output GST/VAT amount. We have restated FY2019 figures to reflect the same.


41

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

N.Socialentrepreneurship

Our approach

DBS Foundation (DBSF) adopts a three-pronged approach to advancing 

the social entrepreneurship agenda. 

• Advocate – Increasing awareness of social enterprises - 

businesses	for	good;	

• Nurture – Deepening our support of social enterprises through 

grants and loans, capacity building and opening doors for social 

enterprises;	and

• Integrate – Integrating social enterprises into the culture and 

operations of DBS Bank.

Initiativesandprogressupdates

Supporting social enterprises through the Covid-19 pandemic

To	help	social	enterprises	protect	jobs	and	alleviate	cashflow	pressures	

amid	these	difficult	times,	DBS	made	available	the	collateral-free	Social	

Enterprise Digital Business Loan to all social enterprises registered 

with the Singapore Centre for Social Enterprise (raiSE) at preferential 

interest rates. Disbursement of this funding was accelerated to 

minimise liquidity crunch, where social enterprises can receive up 

to	SGD	200,000	within	five	days	upon	accepting	their	offer	letters.	

We	also	simplified	the	loan	application	process	without	requiring	the	

submission	of	financial	statements	and	waiving	processing	fees,	in	light	

of manpower shortages social enterprises faced. In addition, we rolled 

out a special zero interest loan to social enterprises supported by DBS 

Foundation.

The DBS Foundation disbursed an additional SGD 550,000 through the 

inaugural DBS Foundation Business Transformation and Improvement 

(BTI) Grant. The purpose of the BTI Grant is two-fold: to provide funding 

support to social enterprises so that they can protect and create jobs, 

as well as to help them to transform their business. To this end,  

14 social enterprises across the region have been able to support  

5,200	existing	jobs	and	impact	more	than	1.3	million	beneficiaries	 

and their families.

Apart	from	providing	additional	financing,	we	also	supported	social	

enterprises with capacity building and showcased their products and 

services to help them sustain their business.

“Every alternate year, I confer the President’s Challenge Social 

Enterprise Awards to outstanding Social Enterprises in Singapore for 

their contributions made to the community. Last year, we introduced 

a new award category - the ‘Social Enterprise Champion’ Award 

– to also recognise partners that have contributed to the sector. 

The inaugural winner of the award – DBS Bank – champions social 

entrepreneurship through its Foundation and has been awarding 

grants to Social Enterprises since 2014. The setting up of the DBS 

Foundation proves to be an effective way of supporting Social 

Enterprises in a more structured manner…. I therefore hope more 

corporate partners will follow the example of DBS Bank, and work 

closely with Social Enterprises to champion the shared social cause.” 

 

– President Halimah Yacob, 23 October 2020 

 

President’s Challenge Social Enterprise Networking event

Pillar 3:  

Creating Social Impact 

Advocate

DBSF pivoted to virtual platforms and leveraged DBS content marketing 

channels to bring awareness to businesses with a dual bottom-line of 

profit	and	impact	to	stakeholders	including	social	enterprises,	students,	

government agencies, tertiary institutions and clients.

Embedding purpose in business has become an even bigger imperative 

so that we emerge from the pandemic stronger together.

The DBS Portraits of Purpose platform showcases how DBS has stood  

by	our	employees,	customers	and	the	community	through	this	difficult	

period, featuring stories of courage, perseverance, generosity and hope 

— and of the people who demonstrate what it means to be purpose- 

driven. We shared stories of social enterprises across all our core 

markets, leveraging local and international media platforms. 

Portraits of Purpose story featured on CNN

The Sparks Season 2 – Everyday Heroes for a Better World –  

a mini-series inspired by true stories of social enterprises supported by 

DBSF, have cumulatively garnered about 276 million views and nearly 

10 million digital engagements, across our key markets. These stories 

help to raise awareness and galvanise action from the public on social 

and environmental issues.

DBS Sparks mini-series Season 2 Episode 7 was launched in 2020 in the face of 

a new reality. Titled “A Call to Action”, this episode was inspired by all the social 

enterprises and NGOs that DBS works with to conserve and redistribute food waste.

DBS Foundation Social Impact Prize made its debut as a category 

in the biennial Lee Kuan Yew Global Business Plan Competition 

(LKYGBPC), in partnership with the Singapore Management University. 

The competition reached out to more than 1,800 universities across 

63	countries	and	received	788	applications.	StratifiCare,	which	is	

developing	the	world’s	first	Severe	Dengue	prediction	blood	test,	won	

the	cash	prize	of	SGD	75,000,	along	with	non-financial	support	from	DBS.






Pillar 3: Creating Social Impact 

42

DBSF partnered with raiSE in their biennial FestivalForGood 2020 a 

month-long worth of festivities. This year, the festival took to a virtual 

platform to showcase social enterprises and feature a B2B Experience 

segment where corporates can learn how to include and partner with 

social enterprise as part of their organisation’s sustainability journey. 

In Taiwan, DBS continues to strengthen our commitment to the 

social enterprise ecosystem through Asia Pacific Social Innovation 

Summit (APSIS), Asia’s largest social enterprise forum which was in  

its third consecutive year. APSIS cooperated with Social Enterprise 

World	Forum	for	the	first	time	and	enabled	social	enterprises	and	

partners to connect and discuss the future development of social 

innovation online. APSIS attracted a record number of more than  

1,500	participants	from	35	markets.

Taiwan’s Digital Minister Audrey Tang (fourth from left) and DBS Bank Taiwan’s General 

Manager Lim Him Chuan (first from right), attended the opening ceremony of Asia  

Pacific Social Innovation Summit (APSIS) which aimed to bolster regional cooperation  

in using innovative commercial strategies and technologies to promote public well-being.

In Indonesia, we launched a second edition of our social enterprise 

handbook	−	Profit,	Untuk	Misi	Sosial	(Profits	for	Social	Missions),	to	

reflect	current	social	entrepreneurship	trends	and	serve	as	a	practical	

guide for entrepreneurs to understand how to balance between 

business and impact. Since the launch in September 2020, more 

than	2,000	copies	were	downloaded.	The	first	edition	−	Berani	Jadi	

Wirausaha Sosial (Dare to Become a Social Enterprise), was launched  

in 2016 and garnered over 400,000 downloads.

Nurture

Social enterprises have faced disruptions in their businesses, impacting lives 

and livelihoods. We deepened our support for them by providing additional  

financial	support	as	well	as	non-financial	support	for	the	community. In 

the last six years, we have nurtured over 640 social enterprises.

The annual DBSF Social Enterprise Grant Programme attracted more 

than 800 applications from across Asia in 2020. We focused on social 

enterprises which are scaling up their businesses – businesses with 

a	product	market	fit	that	have	obtained	traction	in	sales	and	revenue	

and	have	well-defined	social	impact	goals.	13	social	enterprises	from	

our key markets were selected to receive grants totalling SGD 1.4 

million. These social enterprises address pertinent social challenges in 

an innovative way, to support marginalised groups with employment, 

address food waste and loss issues, develop technology to improve 

accessibility to persons with disabilities, empower women and youths in 

the rural communities, and improve domestic employment practices.

For	the	first	time,	DBSF	introduced	a	new	Zero	Food	Waste	category	

of	grants	and	awarded	this	to	five	social	enterprises	with	innovative	

solutions that contribute to food waste reduction in Asia. 

In addition, we leveraged the expertise of the bank and ecosystem 

partners across our key markets for virtual bootcamps, masterclasses, 

business incubators and accelerators to equip social enterprises to 

navigate this challenging year. 

 China Social Enterprise Bootcamp 2020 supported social enterprises in strategic 

planning and digital transformation; attracted more than 124,000 views and over 

13,000 participants across 10 online classes.







An overview of 2020 Grant Awardees of the DBS Foundation 


43

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

Integrate

We aim to integrate social enterprises into DBS’ products and services, 

through conscious and sustainable procurement, and through 

employees in skills-based volunteering.

We featured social enterprise products for DBS Card Privileges across 

our markets to encourage our customers to support social enterprises 

by consuming purposefully. For example, in Hong Kong, we connected 

GreenPrice, a social enterprise that seeks to mitigate food waste, 

to DBS customers via the DBS Omni App. In Taiwan, we launched 

our inaugural DBS eco-card made of polylactic acid — a bio-based 

biodegradable polymer that can be produced from renewable resource 

– and featured social enterprise products as gifts for new customers.

As part of our bank-wide sustainable procurement practices, social 

enterprises have also been included as suppliers whom we also 

work closely with on sustainable procurement. To recognise social 

enterprises that have been valuable suppliers to DBS, the Social 

Enterprise Supplier of the Year award was introduced at the inaugural 

DBS Supplier Excellence Awards.

 

Bettr Barista, the winner of DBS Supplier Excellence Awards 2020 Social Enterprise 

Supplier of the Year at DBS’ booth during the Singapore Fintech Festival.

Our employees rallied together through skills-based volunteering 

opportunities to help social enterprises solve business challenges 

through	virtual	programmes,	such	as	the	first	Hungry	for	Change	

Ideation Challenge with eight social enterprises and the Done In A Day  

programme. Many employees bank-wide also shared business expertise  

in	specific	areas	such	as	human	resource	development	and	fund	raising.

With interest around community farming growing amid recent calls to 

strengthen Singapore’s food security networks, we are piloting a small 

outdoor space at the DBS Asia Hub building in Changi Business Park a 

community farm located in a bank - dubbed the DBS Food Forest. This 

was conceptualised in partnership with Edible Garden City, Singapore, 

a social enterprise supported by DBS Foundation that has developed 

over 240 food gardens over the past seven years.

Volunteers from DBS Bank working on a rooftop garden managed by Edible Garden City.

Targets: DBSF will expand our efforts in advocating for, 

nurturing and integrating social enterprises into our culture and 

operations. We want to increase awareness of social enterprises as 

businesses of the future with not just a profit but also a social and 

environmental impact bottom-line.  

We will deepen our nurturing of social enterprises and provide 

stronger support – through the internal and external networks of the 

bank – for high potential social enterprises to scale their business 

and impact. We walk the talk by creating new opportunities for social 

enterprises to be integrated into DBS’ products and services and in 

our employee journeys.

Market

SocialEnterprise

Achievements

Singapore

Agape, Connecting People 

2019 Grant Awardee

Started up the training of inmates at Singapore’s women’s prison to provide them with Workforce Skills 

Qualifications.

Reach 52 

2019 Grant Awardee

Successfully launched new insurance products for the rural communities in India.

India

Phool 

2018 Grant Awardee

S4S Technologies 

2019 Grant Awardee

Successful	fundraising	efforts	to	help	them	grow	their	business	and	support	the	communities	 

they work with.

Haqdarshak 

2018 Grant Awardee

Launched a new platform to bridge the gap between local businesses looking for government schemes 

assistance. DBS Bank India partnered with Haqdarshak to help micro businesses build resilience towards 

economic recovery.

Hong Kong

Boaz International Education 

2019 Grant Awardee

Introduced online learning modules to low ability learners in Hong Kong and digitised instructor training 

programmes so that lessons can be conducted online without disruptions.

Taiwan

Buy Directly From Farmers 

2015 Grant Awardee

Launched a new subscription service food box online that would match farmers’ supply with customers 

demand to reduce food waste. They built new capacity for food recycling logistics and expanded cold storage 

capacity to minimise food loss. 





In the midst of the pandemic, past DBSF grant awardees have continued to pivot, grow, and impact lives through their work.


Pillar 3: Creating Social Impact 

44

Casestudy

Homage’s Care Professional performing Covid-19 swab test on an elderly person.

Homage, a Singaporean-founded healthcare platform that pairs families 

with	caregivers	and	offers	telehealth	for	online	medical	consultations	

and screenings, was one of the recipients of the DBS Foundation BTI 

Grant. Homage was selected by the Ministry of Health this year to 

perform Covid-19 swab testing and related test procedures. With DBS 

Foundation’s grant funding, Homage has since doubled its Covid-19 

taskforce	to	a	400-strong	team;	and	has	swabbed	and/	or	vaccinated	

70,000 individuals.

O:Employeevolunteerism

Our approach

The People of Purpose (PoP) is DBS’ employee volunteer movement 

that brings our values to life, engages our employees, and leverages our 

time and skills to make meaningful contributions to the communities 

we	live	and	work	in.	Our	volunteering	efforts	are	sustained	and	focused	

on three areas – the elderly, education and the environment, across 

our core markets. 

Our commitment is illustrated in the institutionalisation of two 

volunteer leave-days for our employees. We continue to undertake 

multiple service-based and skills-based volunteering activities to better 

connect with communities across our core markets.

In addition to the three focus areas, we expanded our outreach and 

supported community segments hard-hit by the Covid-19 pandemic. 

We focused on addressing the issue of food waste and tackle food 

security, which is an issue of increasing importance, even in a post-

pandemic world. 

While the pandemic made it a challenge to carry out physical, in-

person volunteering with lockdowns and social distancing advisories 

around the world, DBS took up the challenge and pivoted to a hybrid 

of	virtual	and	remote	volunteering.	We	continued	efforts	to	engage	

our	employees	to	make	a	difference	to	society	especially	during	this	

unprecedented time.

The PoP Connect, an internal digital platform, was also put in place to 

leverage technology to enhance our employees’ volunteer journey, to 

browse and register for a volunteering programme all at the click of a 

mouse, making the experience seamless for all our markets.

Initiativesandprogressupdates

Demonstrating our commitment to the community, DBS reached out 

to	120,000	healthcare	workers	and	more	than	60,000	beneficiaries	

through the provision of care packs, meals and personal protective 

equipment at the start of the pandemic.

At the height of the pandemic, DBS through the DBS Stronger Together 

fund committed SGD 10.5 million to provide more than 4.5 million 

meals, care packs and medical supplies across our core markets. 

Working together with our local community partners, we also rallied our 

employees and clients for contributions to meet the needs of hard-hit 

communities across our key markets. The donations of our clients and 

employees in Singapore, Hong Kong, China, India and Indonesia were 

also matched dollar-for-dollar by the bank. 

Regular PoP programmes, with a hybrid of online, remote and in-

person volunteering with social distancing measures in place were 

planned with the local community partners and social enterprises 

in our three focus areas, as well as to meet any Covid-19 related 

needs. These programmes were customised based on the needs of 

the community and the unique skillsets of our employees. They were 

regularly communicated through the PoP Connect platform for our 

employees to access and register their participation. 

Amid the pandemic, our employees continued to volunteer and 

contributed more than 56,000 hours to serve the community in 

2020, through a hybrid of online, remote and in-person volunteering 

programmes. Of this, 12,000 hours were contributed through  

skills-based volunteering, a 90% increase from last year.

Targets:  We are committed in 2021 to continue serving the needs 

of the community segments that are hard-hit by the Covid-19 

pandemic. 

We will continue to promote a culture of employee volunteerism 

and aim to contribute 100,000 volunteer hours collectively across 

our six key markets in 2021, a 76% increase over 2020. This will 

include a combination of online, remote and in-person volunteering. 

We will deepen our focus on online volunteering, and, skills-based 

volunteering where employees share their corporate learnings and 

experiences to solve business challenges commonly faced by social 

enterprises and our community partners.

We will continue to deepen and expand collaboration with 

community partners and social enterprises to drive greater positive 

change in the communities. In the long term, we hope to make 

volunteerism an intrinsic part of our work culture and better align 

to being purpose-driven which is at the core of how we run our 

business.




Pillar 3: Creating Social Impact 

46

45

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

























Singapore

01

India

04

China

02

Hong Kong

05

Taiwan

03

Indonesia

06

CASE 

STUDY

Coming together with our employees 

and clients to support hard-hit 

communities 

The pandemic has exacerbated the need 

for food and daily essentials among 

hard-hit communities in Singapore. 

Together with our employees and 

customers, and matched donation from 

the bank, over SGD 3.5 million were 

raised to distribute more than 750,000 

meals to the elderly, low-income and 

migrant worker communities, through 

our partners The Food Bank Singapore 

and ItsRainingRaincoats.

Through this initiative, we have funded 

33 of our F&amp;B clients – as part of our 

support for this sector – to provide 

200,000 meals for the elderly and low-

income communities.

Alleviating food and job security 

issues

The pandemic lockdown has resulted 

in unforeseen circumstances for senior 

citizens, especially those living alone or 

facing financial difficulties. The temporary 

closure of factories and workplaces 

further impacted low-income migrant 

workers and raised concerns over job 

security and access to daily necessities 

and groceries.

To alleviate this, we have partnered Non- 

Profit Incubator, Green Food Bank and  

others to launch a “Food for Care” 

programme and provided about 1.2 

million meals to affected communities. 

About 12,000 low-income individuals also  

received support including personal hygiene  

kits. More than 400 volunteers contributed  

1,600 volunteering hours to pack and 

deliver food and personal protective 

equipment to those in need.

Providing food packs for isolated 

seniors 

While the pandemic is comparatively well 

controlled in Taiwan, seniors living alone 

in more rural areas have less access to 

food and groceries as they were unable 

to receive group meals provided by 

NPOs/ NGOs at community centres. 

The food delivery system has also been 

severely affected by the pandemic.

We donated 45,000 food packs, 

containing staples and sanitising bottles 

sourced from social enterprises, to those 

in need.

Tackling social isolation among 

seniors 

DBS and Lions Befrienders joined hands 

to roll out Singapore’s largest ever virtual 

befriending volunteer initiative with 

1,900 employees engaging 1,300 senior 

beneficiaries in 2020 through virtual 

conversations, simple home gardening 

projects, as well as online exercises and 

games. 

This initiative, coupled with our 

sponsorship of 40 tablets across Lion 

Befrienders centres, paved the way for 

the future of volunteerism by allowing 

seniors to remain connected to the 

community despite the need for social 

distancing during the pandemic. 

Enabling access to technology  

for rural children 

Most children in rural communities lack 

access to technology which impedes 

their learning. To tackle this, we worked 

on giving our bank’s retired desktops and 

laptops a new lease of life by refurbishing 

them to be used as learning technology 

for rural children. 

20 volunteers spent three days setting 

up a ‘DBS Green Computer Room’ with 

41 retired desktops and laptops. During 

which, our volunteers also participated in  

activities with the 50 rural children which 

include having these children draw their 

first digital pictures with the computers.

Bringing smiles to disabled  

residents

In celebration of DBS’ birthday in July, 

DBS Taiwan partnered Taipei Happy 

Mount to host a charity bazaar to raise 

funds and spent time interacting with the 

residents. Taipei Happy Mount is an  

86 year-old community hospital for 

patients who need intensive home 

nursing care run by an NPO. Due to 

the pandemic, regular donations to the 

hospital dropped by 40%. The hospital 

also faced a shortage of supplies.

We rallied more than 200 employees 

and their family members to volunteer 

at the event, providing their own items 

for sale to raise funds for the hospital. 

Employees also befriended 127 residents 

by bringing them to visit the bazaar, 

feeding them during mealtimes and 

watching performances together.

Boosting national healthcare efforts

Test kits, protective gear for healthcare 

workers are in short supply in India, 

along with critical facilities and 

equipment.

We partnered UNICEF, United Way, 

Metropolis Labs and others to scale up 

public health infrastructure, provide 

medical supplies and equipment, 

and sponsor free testing for the 

underprivileged.

We also provided the equivalent of 

2 million meals, in the form of food 

supplies and pre-packaged meals, to 

communities affected by the pandemic, 

in partnership with organisations such as 

Pratham, Akshaya Patra and United Way.

Showing care for the community 

To help the elderly and at-risk groups, 

including low-income families, we 

worked with local charities Senior Citizen 

Home Safety Association and Foodlink 

Foundation, and social enterprise Agent 

of Change, to provide more than 30,000 

care packs and 20,000 food packs.

Our resources also enabled the Senior 

Citizen Home Safety Association to 

increase its Care-on-Call services by 

more than 20,000 service sessions, 

to better address the emotional and 

physical well-being of the elderly, who 

may face greater isolation or mobility 

challenges amid the outbreak.

Addressing essential needs on the 

ground

The Covid-19 pandemic also hit the 

nation’s economy. Those badly impacted 

by the economic downturn include 

wage workers and laborers in the formal 

and informal sectors. These daily wage 

workers and laborers have lost their 

jobs or income due to being placed 

on furlough. The negative impact of 

the pandemic upon the workers has 

motivated us to lend our support.

We partnered with FoodBank of 

Indonesia and Konfederasi Serikat Buruh 

Seluruh Indonesia (one of the biggest 

labor confederation in Indonesia), to 

provide about 275,000 meals to 11,500 

daily wage workers in Jakarta and its 

surrounding areas, as well as West 

Java. To help address the shortage of 

Covid-19 test kits in Indonesia, we also 

donated 100,000 units of a rapid test 

kit, polymerase chain reaction machines 

and other medical supplies to the 

Government of Indonesia.

Coming together to address 

challenges of Covid-19 

We conducted our first ever all virtual 

hackathon - Hack-2-Help over a weekend 

in April 2020.

Hack-2-Help was organised with the 

intention to engage the developer 

community to come up with innovative 

technology solutions addressing the 

challenges of Covid-19. 

The 30-hour online event was joined 

by close to 100 attendees including 

participants, judging panels and 

volunteers. Teams came up with a 

plethora of digital solutions around 

contact tracing, social distancing, 

pandemic information, health &amp; wellness, 

and education &amp; learning.

Reinventing volunteerism to fight 

the pandemic

The pandemic did not stop DBS 

Hong Kong from giving back. We have 

mobilised our volunteering actions in 

digital and creative ways.

More than 1,200 employees have 

hand-drawn over 7,200 greeting cards 

offering cheers and encouragement to 

the vulnerable, and over 40 volunteers 

made regular phone calls to 200 elderly 

to address their emotional well-being 

despite social distancing. 

We have also co-organised an online 

career talk with Junior Achievement Hong 

Kong for over 300 secondary school 

students, and conducted a series of live 

workshops for kids and elderly to provide 

them online edutainment at home.

Producing masks to support  

the community

To reduce the spread of Covid-19 

infection, the wearing of masks 

was made mandatory in Indonesia. 

However, many Indonesians lacked the 

understanding of the importance of 

these health protocols.

To address the demand for reusable 

masks for the underprivileged, 

852 employees from the DBS Risk 

Management Group in Indonesia worked 

together to sew 4,260 cloth masks. 

Together with the donations from the 

DBS Indonesia employees, 2,200 of 

the masks were distributed through 

our partner FoodBank of Indonesia to 

provide for the needy on the street, while 

the rest were distributed directly by our 

volunteers to other neighbouring areas.


47

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

(1)   

Extracted from Note 45.2 of DBS Annual Report 2020 financial statement.

(2)  

Rest of Greater China includes Mainland China and Taiwan.

(3)  

South and Southeast Asia includes India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Vietnam, Thailand, Myanmar, and the Philippines.

(4)  

Rest of the World includes Australia, South Korea, Japan, Dubai, United States of America, and United Kingdom.

Geographic profit 

segmentation

Taxes were lower due to deductions for allowances and a higher proportion of income that incurred a lower tax rate

Group (in SGD million)

2020(1)

2019

2018

Profit	before	tax

5,368

7,583

6,659

    Singapore

3,681

5,323

4,413

    Hong Kong

1,143

1,718

1,612

    Rest of Greater China(2)

192

269

351

    South and Southeast Asia(3)

147

10

36

    Rest of the World(4)

205

263

247

Income tax expense charged to income statement

612

1,154

1,006

Tax	as	a	percentage	of	profit	before	tax

11%

15%

15%


Information on employees

48

Type of contract

2020

2019

2018

Female

Male

Total

Female

Male

Total

Female

Male

Total

Permanent of which:

14,355

13,371

27,726

14,356

13,009

27,365

13,828

11,772

25,600

 

Full time

14,271

13,367

27,638

14,276

13,006

27,282

13,747

11,768

25,515

 

Part time

84

4

88

80

3

83

81

4

85

Contract/Temporary(1)

647

775

1,422

458

703

1,161

482

775

1,257

Total

15,002

14,146

29,148

14,814

13,712

28,526

14,310

12,547

26,857

Table 1. Total number of employees by contract type and gender

Geography

2020

2019

2018

Female

Male

Total

Female

Male

Total

Female

Male

Total

Singapore

6,811

5,592

12,403

6,764

5,340

12,104

6,649

5,044

11,693

Hong Kong

2,369

2,204

4,573

2,466

2,262

4,728

2,383

2,244

4,627

Rest of Greater China(2)

2,755

1,335

4,090

2,881

1,376

4,257

2,948

1,432

4,380

South and Southeast Asia(3)

2,923

4,829

7,752

2,573

4,545

7,118

2,205

3,650

5,855

Rest of the World(4)

144

186

330

130

189

319

125

177

302

Total

15,002

14,146

29,148

14,814

13,712

28,526

14,310

12,547

26,857

Table 2. Total number of employees by geography and gender

Geography

2020

2019

2018

Permanent

Contract/ 

Temporary

Total

Permanent

Contract/ 

Temporary

Total

Permanent

Contract/ 

Temporary

Total

Singapore

12,289

114

12,403

12,003

101

12,104

11,567

126

11,693

Hong Kong

4,517

56

4,573

4,630

98

4,728

4,479

148

4,627

Rest of Greater China(2)

4,048

42

4,090

4,216

41

4,257

4,276

104

4,380

South and Southeast Asia(3)

6,559

1,193

7,752

6,212

906

7,118

4,989

866

5,855

Rest of the World(4)

313

17

330

304

15

319

289

13

302

Total

27,726

1,422

29,148

27,365

1,161

28,526

25,600

1,257

26,857

Table 3. Total number of employees by geography and contract type

(1)  

Headcount on DBS’ payroll. 

(2)   

Rest of Greater China includes Mainland China and Taiwan. 

(3)   

South and Southeast Asia includes India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Vietnam, Thailand, Myanmar and Philippines. 

(4)   

Rest of the World includes Australia, South Korea, Japan, Dubai, United States of America and United Kingdom.

Information 

on employees


49

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

2020

Headcount

Work force  

mix

No. of  

new hires(5)

New hire  

rate(6)

No. of voluntary 

attrition

Voluntary attrition 

rate(7)

By age group (x = age)

x	&lt;=	30

6,832

23%

2,029

30%

862

13%

30	&lt;	x	&lt;	50

19,116

66%

1,934

10%

1,195

7%

x &gt;= 50

3,200

11%

86

3%

70

2%

By gender

Female

15,002

51%

1,736

12%

1,001

7%

Male

14,146

49%

2,313

16%

1,126

9%

By geography

Singapore

12,403

43%

1,344(8)

11%

763

6%

Hong Kong

4,573

16%

369

8%

369

8%

Rest of Greater China(2)

4,090

14%

571

14%

466

11%

South and Southeast Asia(3)

7,752

26%

1,729

22%

518

8%

Rest of the World(4)

330

1%

36

11%

11

4%

Total

29,148

100%

4,049

14%

2,127

8%

2019

Headcount

Work force  

mix

No. of  

new hires(5)

New hire  

rate(6)

No. of voluntary 

attrition

Voluntary attrition 

rate(7)

By age group (x = age)

x	&lt;=	30

7,343

26%

3,357

46%

1,307

20%

30	&lt;	x	&lt;	50

18,254

64%

3,001

16%

1,907

11%

x &gt;= 50

2,929

10%

149

5%

142

5%

By gender

Female

14,814

52%

2,778

19%

1,618

12%

Male

13,712

48%

3,729

27%

1,738

14%

By geography

Singapore

12,104

42%

1,904

16%

1,230

10%

Hong Kong

4,728

17%

1,062

22%

716

16%

Rest of Greater China(2)

4,257

15%

979

23%

673

16%

South and Southeast Asia(3)

7,118

25%

2,499

35%

705

13%

Rest of the World(4)

319

1%

63

20%

32

11%

Total

28,526

100%

6,507

23%

3,356

13%

2018

Headcount

Work force  

mix

No. of  

new hires(5)

New hire  

rate(6)

No. of voluntary 

attrition

Voluntary attrition 

rate(7)

By age group (x = age)

x	&lt;=	30

6,889

26%

3,677

53%

1,366

22%

30	&lt;	x	&lt;	50

17,280

64%

3,881

22%

2,144

13%

x &gt;= 50

2,688

10%

170

6%

141

6%

By gender

Female

14,310

53%

3,678

26%

1,923

14%

Male

12,547

47%

4,050

32%

1,728

15%

By geography

Singapore

11,693

44%

2,308

20%

1,323

12%

Hong Kong

4,627

17%

1,165

25%

819

19%

Rest of Greater China(2)

4,380

16%

1,383

32%

687

16%

South and Southeast Asia(3)

5,855

22%

2,799

48%

794

17%

Rest of the World(4)

302

1%

73

24%

28

10%

Total

26,857

100%

7,728

29%

3,651

15%

Footnotes for tables above are addressed in the next page.

Table 4. Total number and rates of new employee hires and voluntary attrition by age group, gender and geography


Information on employees

50

2020

SVP to MD

Analyst to VP

Senior Officer and Below(9)

Total

Headcount(10)

2,653

20,767

5,728

29,148

By gender

Female

40%

50%

62%

51%

Male

60%

50%

38%

49%

By age group (x = age)

x	&lt;=	30

0%

22%

40%

23%

30	&lt;	x	&lt;	50

74%

69%

50%

66%

x &gt;= 50

26%

9%

10%

11%

2019

Headcount(10)

2,405

20,187

5,934

28,526

By gender

Female

40%

50%

63%

52%

Male

60%

50%

37%

48%

By age group (x = age)

x	&lt;=	30

0%

24%

42%

26%

30	&lt;	x	&lt;	50

75%

67%

49%

64%

x &gt;= 50

25%

9%

9%

10%

2018

Headcount(10)

2,076

18,559

6,222

26,857

By gender

Female

40%

51%

63%

53%

Male

60%

49%

37%

47%

By age group (x = age)

x	&lt;=	30

0%

24%

41%

26%

30	&lt;	x	&lt;	50

70%

66%

49%

63%

x &gt;= 50

30%

10%

10%

11%

(5)  

Headcount and new hires include permanent, contract and temporary employees, and excludes agency employees.

(6)  

New hire rate is computed based on number of new hires divided by headcount at the end of the year.

(7)  

Voluntary attrition rate is computed based on number of voluntary attrition divided by monthly average headcount for permanent employees only.

(8)  

 Not inclusive of 609 hires from government-supported programmes such as SGUnited Traineeship, SGUnited Mid-Career Pathway and Technology in Financial 

Immersion Programme.

(9)  

Includes all contract and temporary employees.

(10) 

 Headcount and new hires include permanent, contract and temporary employees, and excludes agency employees and includes Singapore, Hong Kong, Rest of 

Greater China, South and Southeast Asia and Rest of the World.

Table 5. Breakdown of employees by employee category according to gender and age group


51

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

Information on

environmental footprint

2020(1)

Singapore

HongKong

China

Taiwan

India

Indonesia

Total(2)

Energy

Total energy consumption 

(MWh)(3)

58,987

10,216

4,116

7,678

6,419

11,091

98,507

(a)    From non-renewables 

(MWh)

58,516

10,216

4,116

7,609

6,411

11,053

97,921

(b)    From renewable production 

(MWh)

471

0

0

69

8

38

586

Purchased Renewable Energy 

Certificates	(MWh)

5,694

10,919

3,581

0

0

0

20,194

Emissions

Total emissions (tCO2e)(4,5)

25,058

7,484

2,594

3,874

6,660

9,054

54,724

(a)   Scope 1 emissions (tCO2e)(6)

299

236

83

1

95

278

992

(b)    Scope 2 emissions  

(tCO2e)(7)

 

  i. Gross (location-based)

16,648

6,367

2,280

3,488

5,163

6,778

40,724

 

  ii. Net (market-based)

14,322

0

0

3,488

5,163

6,778

29,751

(c)	 			Scope	3	emissions	(tCO2e)(8)

8,111

881

231

385

1,402

1,998

13,008

Emission intensity by revenue 

((tCO2e/SGD million)(9)

2.68

2.95

4.63

7.39

17.71

13.84

8.20

Water

Total water consumption (m3)(10)

46,337

8,124

6.556

45,959

20,285

47,635

174,896

Municipal water consumption 

from water stressed regions 

(m3)(11)

0

0

3,968

0

19,033

3,318

26,319

Municipal water consumption 

from non-water stressed 

regions (m3)

46,337

8,124

2,588

45,959

1,252

34,844

139,104

Well water consumption from  

water stressed regions (m3)(10)

0

0

0

0

0

615

615

Well water consumption from 

non-water stressed regions (m3)

0

0

0

0

0

8,859

8,859

(1)  

 In 2020, we expanded our data collection and closed many different data gaps, hence the additional parameters collected in 2020 were not available in the 

previous years. As such, we do not provide comparative figures for 2019.

(2)  

 Our six key markets constitute over 96% of our total physical space; other geographical locations are excluded in this assessment.

(3)  

 Energy consumption in defined as purchased electricity, purchased chilled water cooling to buildings and outsourced data centres, and combusted energy on 

site in India. Some datapoints are not included as they were unavailable; they include chilled water provided by landlords in China, electricity for AHUs in sub-

branches in China, and primary data centres in China and Hong Kong.

(4)  

 Follows the requirements of GHG Protocol Corporate Standard and GHG Corporate Value Chain Standard, and uses operational control to consolidate GHG emissions.

(5)  

 We reported Scope 2 emissions in accordance with the location-based approach. Under the market-based approach, our Scope 2 emissions were reduced from 

purchased RECs from different sources.  One source was a Singapore-based solar project, and the other was a China/Hong Kong-based wind project.

(6)  

 Scope 1 emissions include direct carbon emissions from backup diesel generators, KPG from kitchens, and fugitive emissions from fire retardants and refrigerants 

including FM200, SF6, R-410a, R-22, R-134a, R132, and NOVEC-1230 - all converted to CO2 equivalent.

(7)  

 Scope 2 emissions include purchased electricity and purchased chilled water energy – both converted using efficiencies from the central chilled water suppliers – 

and energy for cooling offices and branches. They are converted to CO2 equivalent using the following guidelines: NEA GHG Emissions Measurement and Reporting 

Guidelines 2018, IEA Energy Statistics Manual, IGES_Grid_EF2019 OMEF for India Grid, Singapore Energy Statistics OMEF 2019 Bureau of Energy Ministry of Economic 

Affairs, GHG Protocol GWP 2016, ACP.Copernicus 2018, and GOV.UK. Some datapoints are not included as they were unavailable; they include chilled water provided 

by landlords in China, electricity for AHUs in sub-branches in China, and primary data centres in China and Hong Kong.

(8)  

 Scope 3 emissions include outsourced shuttle bus travel, inter-office mail transport for Singapore, employee air travel as arranged by American Express travel 

agency and Egencia (December 2020 only), and energy used in outsourced data centres. It does not include leased vehicle and executive fleets including executive 

fleets in key markets.

(9)  

 Carbon emission intensity is reported as tCO2e/ SGD million in revenue. The numerator includes Scope 1, Scope 2, Scope 3 emissions defined above. The 

denominator are revenue figures.

(10) 

All water consumption reported is considered freshwater according to GRI 303.

(11) 

 Water stress was assessed using WRI.org tool ‘aqueduct water risk atlas’ where “stressed” is defined as “&gt;40% at risk”.


Information on environmental footprint

52

2020

2019

Singapore

Hong Kong

China

Taiwan

India

Indonesia

Total

Singapore

Hong Kong

China

Taiwan

India

Indonesia

Total

Materials

Printing paper use 

(tonnes)(12)

166.4

112.2

30.8

45.9

11.9

20.3

387.5

246.3

136.2

40.7

58.2

18.5

33.2

533.1

(a)    Percentage 

from renewable 

sources(13)

100

100

100

100

3

0

91.8

100

100

100

100

17

0

90.9

Bottled water use 

(tonnes)(14)

0.20

0

0.19

0.05

0.08

0

0.52

1.44

0.59

0.39

0.01

0.12

0

2.55

(a)    Percentage from 

renewable sources

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

2020(1)

Singapore

HongKong

China

Taiwan

India

Indonesia

Total(2)

Waste

Total waste generated (tonnes)

524.9

197.3

62.9

103.9

24.8

63.4

977.2

(a) Total composted (tonnes)

0.6

0

35.0

0

1.4

1.8

38.8

(b) Total recycled (tonnes)

115.0

75.0

11.7

55.4

7.3

23.1

287.5

(c) Total incinerated (tonnes)

409.3

0

0

48.5

0

18.9

476.7

(d)	 Total	landfilled	(tonnes)

0

122.3

16.2

0

16.1

19.6

174.2

(12) 

 

   Printing paper includes A3, A4 and A5 paper used in our offices and branches. 

(13) 

 

   Sustainable paper refers to more environmentally friendly paper types with certifications such as Forest Stewardship Council (FSC), Programme for the 

Endorsement of Forest Certification (PEFC) or equivalent.

(14) 

 

   Bottled water refers to plastics bottled water purchased by DBS, either DBS branded or other brands, used in our operations, or for our customers. All bottled 

water used are from non-renewable sources.


53

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

Principles

Report section

Report page

HumanRights

Principle 1

Businesses should support and respect the protection of internationally proclaimed 

human rights

Responsible	financing

Page 17

Principle 2

Make sure that they are not complicit in human rights abuses

Sustainable procurement

Page	35

Labour

Principle	3

Businesses	should	uphold	the	freedom	of	association	and	the	effective	recognition	of	the	

right to collective bargaining

GRI Content Index

Page 55

Principle 4

Elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour

Responsible	financing

Sustainable procurement

Page 17

Page	35

Principle 5

Effective	abolition	of	child	labour

Principle 6

Elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation

Diversity and equal opportunity

Page	34

Environment

Principle 7

Businesses should support a precautionary approach to environmental challenges

Managing climate risks

Sustainable procurement

Managing our environmental footprint

Page 22

Principle 8

Undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental responsibility

Page	35

Principle 9

Encourage	the	development	and	diffusion	of	environmentally	friendly	technologies

Page	37

Anti-corruption

Principle 10

Businesses	should	work	against	corruption	in	all	its	forms,	including	extortion	and bribery

Preventing	financial crime

Page 29

10 Principles of 

UN Global Compact


Mapping to GRI Standards

54

No.

ESG matters

Coverage

GRI Titles/ Aspects

Topic boundaries

Pillar1:Responsiblebanking

1

Responsible	financing

• 

ESG risk assessment

• 

Human rights assessment

• 

Product portfolio (Financial Services Sector 

Disclosure)

• 

Customers

• 

Shareholders

• 

Society

2

Managing climate risk

• 

Low-carbon transition

• 

Task Force on Climate-related 

Financial Disclosures (TCFD)

• 

Emissions

• 

Employees

• 

Customers

• 

Society

3

Financial inclusion

• 

Sustainable development

• 

Access	to	financial	services

• 

Indirect economy impacts

• 

Product and service labelling  

(Financial Services Sector Disclosure)

• 

Local communities (Financial Services Sector 

Disclosure)

• 

Customers

• 

Employees

• 

Society

4

Fair dealing 

• 

Product suitability

• 

Grievance management

• 

Marketing and labelling

• 

Product and service labelling 

(Financial Services Sector Disclosure)

• 

Customers

• 

Employees

• 

Regulators and policy makers

• 

Shareholders

• 

Society

5

Cyber security

• 

Cyber security

• 

Regulatory compliance

• 

Customer privacy

• 

Customers

• 

Employees

• 

Regulators and policy makers

• 

Shareholders

6

Data governance and privacy

• 

Responsible	use	and	protection  

of data

• 

Regulatory compliance

7

Preventing	financial	crime

• 

Anti-money laundering

• 

Countering	the	financing	of terrorism

• 

Fraud

• 

Anti-bribery and corruption

• 

Regulatory compliance

• 

Anti-corruption

• 

Customers

• 

Employees

• 

Regulators and policy makers

• 

Shareholders

• 

Society

Pillar2:Responsiblebusinesspractices

8

Talent management and retention 

• 

Talent development

• 

Training 

• 

Employment

• 

Training and education

• 

Employees

9

Diversity and equal opportunity 

• 

Anti-discrimination

• 

Diversity

• 

Diversity and equal opportunity

• 

Employees

10

Workplace well-being 

• 

Medical coverage 

• 

Mental health

• 

Workplace health and safety

• 

Occupational	health	and safety

• 

Employees

11

Sustainable procurement 

• 

Supplier assessments

• 

Sustainable sourcing principles

• 

Supplier environmental standard

• 

Supplier social assessment

• 

Human rights assessment

• 

Society

12

Managing our 

environmental footprint

• 

Energy consumption

• 

Water consumption

• 

Carbon emissions

• 

Recycling

• 

Energy

• 

Water

• 

Emissions

• 

Effluents	and	waste

• 

Employees

• 

Society

13

Responsible tax management 

• 

Regulatory compliance

• 

Economic performance

• 

Regulators and policy makers

• 

Shareholders

• 

Society

Pillar3:Creatingsocialimpact

14

Social entrepreneurship

• 

 Support for social enterprises

• 

Indirect economic Impacts

• 

Local communities

• 

Employees

• 

Society

15

Employee volunteerism

• 

Volunteerism

• 

Local communities

• 

Product and service labelling 

(Financial Services Sector Disclosure)

• 

Employees

• 

Society

Mapping to GRI Standards


55

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

GRI 

Standards

Disclosure 

requirements

Response &amp; Reference

External 

assurance

General Disclosures

GRI102:GeneralDisclosures2016

102-1

Name of this organisation

DBS Group Holdings Ltd

102-2

Activities, brands, products and services

Who	we	are,	Annual	report	page	3

102-3

Location of headquarters

Back	cover,	page	73

102-4

Location of operations

Who	we	are,	Annual	report	page	3

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Public limited company listed on the Singapore Exchange

102-6

Markets served

International presence, Annual report page 199

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Financial statements, Annual report page 105

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Information on employees, page 48

√

102-9

Supply chain

Sustainable	procurement,	page	36

√

102-10

Significant	changes	to	the	organisation	and	its	supply	chain

With	effect	from	27	November	2020,	Lakshmi	Vilas	Bank	(LVB)	was	

amalgamated with DBS Bank India Limited. Refer to Note 25 in the Annual 

report,	page	147,	for	more	details.	There	were	no	other	significant	changes	to	

our	organisational	profile	and	supply	chain	during	the	reporting	period.

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

We do not explicitly refer to the precautionary approach or principle in our risk 

management framework.

102-12

External Initiatives

Commitments and memberships, page 68

102-13

Membership of associations

Commitments and memberships, page 68 

Key memberships include Institute of International Finance and the Association 

of Banks in Singapore.

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

CEO	message,	page	3

102-16

Values, principles, standards and norms of behaviour

DBS Code of Conduct, Annual report page 59

102-18

Governance Structure

Corporate governance, Annual report page 44

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder engagement, page 10

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Our	house	union	in	Singapore,	the	DBS	Staff	Union,	is	an	affiliate	of	the	

National	Trades	Union	Congress	(NTUC).	As	at	31	December	2020,	1,100	of	

our employees are eligible for collective bargaining under the Memorandum 

of	Understanding	between	DBS	and	DBS	Staff	Union.	We	do	not	have	unions	

in	other	markets.	In	addition,	no	employees	who	are	officers	and	below	in	DBS	

Vickers are eligible for collective bargaining under the Collective Agreement 

between DBS Vickers and The Singapore Manual and Mercantile Workers’ 

Union.

√

The content of this report follows the GRI Standards Reporting 

principles.

• Principle 1 - Stakeholder Inclusiveness 

We identify key stakeholders, engage them and respond to the key 

topics and feedback received

• Principle 2 - Sustainability Context 

We measure and track our performance in the wider context of  

sustainability

 

• Principle 3 – Materiality 

We focus on matters that are equally of importance to the society 

and	impact	our	financial	standing	and	operational	performance

• Principle 4 – Completeness 

We	evaluate	the	scope	and	depth	of	coverage	of	material	that	reflect	

significant	ESG	impact,	and	to	enable	stakeholders	to	assess	our	

performance in the reporting period

GRI Content Index


GRI Content Index

56

GRI 

Standards

Disclosure 

requirements

Response &amp; Reference

External 

assurance

General Disclosures

GRI102:GeneralDisclosures2016

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Stakeholder engagement, page 10

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

102-45

Entities	included	in	consolidated	financial	statements

Subsidiaries and consolidated structured entities, Annual report page 145 

Associates, Annual report page 146

102-46

Defining	report	content	and	topic	boundaries

Mapping to GRI Standards, page 55

102-47

List of GRI topics

Mapping to GRI Standards, page 55

102-48

Restatements of information

Responsible	financing,	page	17

Managing	our	environmental	footprint,	page	38

102-49

Changes in reporting

Material ESG matters, page 9 

102-50

Reporting period

Coverage, page 1

102-51

Date of most recent report

31	December	2020

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

Feedback, page 1

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

About this report, page 1

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index, page 56

102-56

External assurance

Independent limited assurance report, page 70

Material Topics

EconomicPerformance

GRI103:ManagementApproach2016/GRI201:EconomicPerformance2016

103-1

Explanation of material topic and its boundary

CFO statement, Annual report page 20

How we create value, Annual report page 66

How we distribute value created, Annual report page 70

Responsible tax management, page 40

Geographic	profit	segmentation,	page	47

103-2

The management approach and its components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

√

Indirect Economic Impact  

IndirectEconomicImpact

GRI103:ManagementApproach2016/GRI203:IndirectEconomicImpact2016

103-1

Explanation of material topic and its boundary

Financial inclusion, page 24

Social entrepreneurship, page 41

103-2

The management approach and its components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

203-2

Significant	indirect	economic	impact

Anti-Corruption  

Anti-Corruption

GRI103:ManagementApproach2016/GRI205:Anti-Corruption2016

103-1

Explanation of material topic and its boundary

Preventing	financial	crime,	page	29

We do not report the total number and percentage of governance body members 

that our anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to, 

or who have received training on anti-corruption. Whilst our anti-corruption 

policies	and	procedures	and	training	programs	are	not	specifically	provided	

to Board members on a formal basis, our Board members are kept abreast of 

any	key	development	and	information	necessary	for	their	effective	discharge	

of	governance	duties.	This	spans	from	significant	business	outlook	to	emerging	

risk themes, including and not limited to anti-bribery and corruption matters.

103-2

The management approach and its components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

205-2

Communication and training about anti-corruption 

policies and procedures

√

205-3

Confirmed	incidents	of	corruption	and	actions	taken


57

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

GRI 

Standards

Disclosure 

requirements

Response &amp; Reference

External 

assurance

TaxTransparency

GRI103:ManagementApproach2016/GRI207:Tax2019

103-1

Explanation of material topic and its boundary

Responsible tax management, page 40

103-2

The management approach and its components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

207-1

Approach to tax

207-2

Tax governance, control and risk management

207-3

Stakeholder engagement and management of concerns 

related to tax

207-4

Country-by-country reporting

In accordance with the GRI 207-4 requirements, information is being prepared  

and will be published from FY2021.

Materials

GRI103:ManagementApproach2016/GRI301:Materials2016

103-1

Explanation of material topic and its boundary

Sustainable	procurement,	page	36

103-2

The management approach and its components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

301-1

Materials used by weight or volume

Information on our environmental footprint, page 52

√

Energy

GRI103:ManagementApproach2016/GRI302:Energy2016

103-1

Explanation of material topic and its boundary

Managing	our	environmental	footprint,	page	38

103-2

The management approach and its components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

302-1

Energy consumption within the organization

Information on our environmental footprint, page 52

√

302-4

Reduction of energy consumption

Water&amp;Effluents

GRI103:ManagementApproach2016/GRI303:WaterandEffluents2018

103-1

Explanation of material topic and its boundary

Managing	our	environmental	footprint,	page	38

103-2

The management approach and its components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

303-3

Water withdrawal

Information on our environmental footprint, page 52

√

Emissions

GRI103:ManagementApproach2016/GRI305:Emissions2016

103-1

Explanation of material topic and its boundary

Managing climate risks, page 22

Managing	our	environmental	footprint,	page	38

103-2

The management approach and its components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions

Information on our environmental footprint, page 52

√

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

√

305-3

Other	indirect	(Scope	3)	GHG	emissions

√

Effluents&amp;Waste

GRI103:ManagementApproach2016/GRI306:EffluentsandWaste

103-1

Explanation of material topic and its boundary

Managing	our	environmental	footprint,	page	38

103-2

The management approach and its components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

Information on our environmental footprint, page 52

√


GRI Content Index

58

GRI 

Standards

Disclosure 

requirements

Response &amp; Reference

External 

assurance

SupplierEnvironmentalStandard

GRI103:ManagementApproach2016/GRI308:SupplierEnvironmentalStandard2016

103-1

Explanation of material topic and its boundary

Sustainable	procurement,	page	36

103-2

The management approach and its components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

308-1

New suppliers that were screened using environmental 

criteria

√

308-2

Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and 

actions taken

Employment

GRI103:ManagementApproach2016/GRI401:Employment2016

103-1

Explanation of material topic and its boundary

Talent	management	and	retention,	page	33

103-2

The management approach and its components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

401-1

New employee hires and employee turnover

Information on employees, page 49

√

OccupationalHealth&amp;Safety

GRI103:ManagementApproach2016/GRI403:OccupationalHealthandSafety2018

103-1

Explanation of material topic and its boundary

Workplace	well-being,	page	35

103-2

The management approach and its components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

403-6

Promotion of worker health

Training&amp;Education

GRI103:ManagementApproach2016/GRI404:TrainingandEducation

103-1

Explanation of material topic and its boundary

Talent	management	and	retention,	page	33

103-2

The management approach and its components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

√

404-2

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 

assistance programs

404-3

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance 

and career development reviews

√

Diversity&amp;EqualOpportunity

GRI103:ManagementApproach2016/GRI405:DiversityandEqualOpportunity2016

103-1

Explanation of material topic and its boundary

Diversity	and	equal	opportunity,	page	35

Our	Board	of	Directors	comprise	of	8	males	and	3	females,	all	of	whom	 

are above 50 years of age. For more details, refer to Board of Directors,  

Annual Report page 4.

103-2

The management approach and its components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

√

405-2

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men

√


59

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

GRI 

Standards

Disclosure 

requirements

Response &amp; Reference

External 

assurance

HumanRightsAssessment

GRI103:ManagementApproach2016/GRI412:HumanRightsAssessment2016

103-1

Explanation of material topic and its boundary

Responsible	financing,	page	17

Sustainable	procurement,	page	36

103-2

The management approach and its components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

412-1

Operations that have been subject to human rights 

reviews or impact assessments

LocalCommunities

GRI103:ManagementApproach2016/GRI413:LocalCommunities2016

103-1

Explanation of material topic and its boundary

Social entrepreneurship, page 41

Employee volunteerism, page 44

103-2

The management approach and its components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

413-1

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programs

GRIG4FinancialSectorDisclosures

FS14

Initiatives	to	improve	access	to	financial	services	for	

disadvantaged people

Financial inclusion, page 24

SupplierSocialAssessment

GRI103:ManagementApproach2016/GRI414:SupplierSocialAssessment2016

103-1

Explanation of material topic and its boundary

Sustainable	procurement,	page	35

103-2

The management approach and its components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

414-1

New suppliers that were screened using social criteria

√

414-2

Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions 

taken

PublicPolicy

GRI103:ManagementApproach2016/GRI415:PublicPolicy2016

103-1

Explanation of material topic and its boundary

Preventing	financial	crime,	page	29

103-2

The management approach and its components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

415-1

Political contributions

Marketing&amp;Labelling

GRI103:ManagementApproach2016/GRI417:MarketingandLabelling2016

103-1

Explanation of material topic and its boundary

Fair dealing, page 26

103-2

The management approach and its components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

417-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and 

service information and labelling

GRIG4FinancialSectorDisclosures

FS15

Policies	for	fair	design	and	sale	of	financial	products	and	

services

Fair dealing, page 26

FS16

Initiatives	to	enhance	financial	literacy	by	type	of	

beneficiary

Financial inclusion, page 24

Employee volunteerism, page 44


GRI Content Index

60

GRI 

Standards

Disclosure 

requirements

Response &amp; Reference

External 

assurance

CustomerPrivacy

GRI103:ManagementApproach2016/GRI417:CustomerPrivacy2016

103-1

Explanation of material topic and its boundary

Cyber security, page 26

Data governance and privacy, page 27

103-2

The management approach and its components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses of customer data

SocioeconomicCompliance

GRI103:ManagementApproach2016/GRI419:SocioeconomicCompliance

103-1

Explanation of material topic and its boundary

Preventing	financial	crime,	page	29

Responsible	tax	management,	page	39

103-2

The management approach and its components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social 

and economic area

There were no material instances of non-compliance with laws and regulators 

in this context during the year.

GRIG4FinancialSectorDisclosures

ProductPortfolio

FS1

Policies	with	specific	environmental	and	social	

components applied to business lines

Responsible	financing,	page	17

FS2

Procedures for assessing and screening environmental 

and social risks in business lines

FS3

Processes for monitoring clients’ implementation of and 

compliance with environmental and social requirements 

included in agreements or transactions

FS4

Process(es)	for	improving	staff	competency	to	implement	

the environmental and social policies and procedures as 

applied to business lines

FS5

Interactions with clients/investees/business partners 

regarding environmental and social risks and 

opportunities

Stakeholder engagement, page 10

Responsible	financing,	page	17

Sustainable	procurement,	page	35


61

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

SASB Code

Topic

Accounting Metrics

Response &amp; References

Source

Across multiple standards

FN-CB-230a.2	 

FN-CF-230a.3

Data security

Description of approach to identifying and 

addressing security risks

Refer to "Our approach" under material matters E.  

Cyber security and F. Data governance and privacy

Sustainability report, 

pages 26 and 27

Commercial Banks

FN-CB-240a.1

Financial inclusion and 

capacity building

Number and amount of loans outstanding  

qualified	to	programs	delegated	to	promote	 

small business and community development

Refer to POSB in the Annual Report

Annual Report,  

page 42

Refer	to	“Initiatives	and	progress	updates”	under	

material matter C. Financial inclusion

Sustainability report, 

pages 24 and 25

FN-CB-240a.3

Financial inclusion and 

capacity building

Number of no-cost retail checking accounts 

provided to previously unbanked/ underserved 

customers

Refer to POSB in the Annual Report

Annual Report,  

page 42

FN-CB-240a.4

Financial inclusion and 

capacity building

Number	of	participants	in	financial	literacy	

initiatives for unbanked, underbanked or 

underserved customers

Refer	to	“Initiatives	and	progress	updates”	and	 

“Case	Study”	under	material	matter	C.	Financial	

inclusion

Sustainability report, 

pages 24 and 25

FN-CB-410a.1

Incorporation of 

environmental, social  

and governance factors  

in credit analysis

Commercial and industrial credit exposure, by 

industry

Refer to Financial statement Note 42.4 for Credit  

risk by geography and industry - analysed by industry

Annual Report,  

page 175

FN-CB-410a.2

Description of approach to incorporation of ESG 

factors in credit analysis 

Refer to "Our approach" under material matter  

A.	Responsible	financing

Sustainability report, 

page 17

FN-CB-510a.2

Description of whistle-blower policies and 

procedures

Refer	to	material	matter	G.	Preventing	financial	 

crime

Sustainability report, 

page 29

FN-CB-550a.1

Systemic risk management

Globally systemically important bank score, by 

category

Refer to Regulatory Change under Capital 

Management and Planning

Annual Report,  

page 99

FN-CB-550a.2

Description of approach to incorporation of  

results of mandatory and voluntary stress tests  

into capital adequacy planning, long-term 

corporate strategy, and other business activities

Refer to Stress testing under Risk management

Annual Report,  

page 79

FN-CB-000.A

Activity metrics

(1) Number and (2) value of checking and savings 

accounts by segment: (a) personal and (b) small 

business

Refer to Financial statement Note 28 Deposits and 

Balances from Customers - analysed by product.  

We do not disclose this information by segments.

Annual Report,  

page 150

FN-CB-000.B

(1) Number and (2) value of loans by segment:  

(a) personal, (b) small business, and (c) corporate

Refer to Financial statement Note 18 Loans and 

Advances to Customers - analysed by product.  

We do not disclose this by segments.

Annual Report,  

page 141

In line with our revised dual materiality matrix, we have enhanced 

our Sustainability Reporting, including disclosures that are more 

aligned with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) 

standards. Our disclosures under those standards are based on the 

five	Sustainable	Industries	Classification	System	industries	within	the	

Financials sector that are most aligned with our mix of businesses: 

Commercial Banks (FN-CB), Consumer Finance (FN-CN), and Mortgage 

Finance (FN-MF). 

We do not disclose all metrics included in the standards but continue 

to evaluate them in the future. While we are not able to report in 

line with all disclosures given that they are predicated on US laws 

and standards, it is our commitment to develop disclosures that 

are relevant, useful, and meaningful to our investors over time. 

We are monitoring developments in SASB’s project on standards 

internationalisation and have been an active contributor to the project.   

SASB Standards


SASB standards

62

SASB Code

Topic

Accounting Metrics

Response &amp; References

Source

Consumer Finance

FN-CF-270a.1

Selling practices

Percentage of total remuneration for 

covered employees that is variable and 

linked to amount of products and services 

sold

Refer to Determination of variable pay pool, under 

Remuneration Report

Annual Report,  

page 61

Mortgage Finance

FN-MF-270a.4

Description of remuneration structure  

of loan originators

Remuneration structure of loan originators follow  

the same structure as other employees in the bank. 

Refer to Summary of current total compensation 

elements, and Determination of variable pay pool  

under Remuneration Report

Annual Report,  

page 62

FN-MF-000.A

Activity metrics

(1) Number and (2) value of mortgages 

originated by category: (a) residential  

and (b) commercial

Refer to Financial statement Note 42.4 for Credit risk 

by geography and industry - analysed by industry, 

specifically	home	loans.	We	do	not	disclose	this	

information by segments or origination and purchase

Annual Report,  

page 175

FN-MF-000.B

(1) Number and (2) value of mortgages 

purchased by category: (a) residential  

and (b) commercial


63

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

Recommended Disclosures

Response &amp; Reference

Source

Governance

a.  Describe the organisation’s governance around climate-related risks  

and opportunities

Refer to Governance

Sustainability Report, page 8

b.  Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks  

and opportunities

Refer	to	“Our	approach”	in	B.	Managing	climate	risk

Sustainability Report, page 22

Strategy

a.	 	Describe	the	climate-related	risks	and	opportunities	the	organisation	has	identified	

over the short, medium, and long term

Refer	to	“Our	approach”	in	B.	Managing	climate	risks

Sustainability Report, page 22

b.  Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organisation’s 

business,	strategy	and	financial	planning

Refer	to	“Our	approach”	in	A.	Responsible	financing	 

and B. Managing climate risks

Sustainability Report, pages 17 

and 22

c.  Describe the resilience of the organisation’s strategy, taking into consideration 

different	climate-related	scenarios,	including	a	2°C	 

or lower scenario

Refer	to	“Initiatives	and	status	updates”	in	B.	

Managing climate risks

Sustainability Report, page 22

Risk Management

a.  Describe the organisation’s process for identifying and assessing  

climate-related risks.

Refer	to	“Our	approach”	in	B.	Managing	climate	risks

Sustainability Report, page 22

b. Describe the organisation’s process for managing climate-related risks

c.  Describe how the process for identifying, assessing and managing climate-related  

risks are integrated into the organisation’s overall risk management

Refer	to	“Our	approach”	in	A.	Responsible	financing 

Refer	to	“Credit	risk”	in	Risk	management	

Sustainability Report, page 17  

Annual Report, page 79

Metrics and Targets

a.  Disclose the metrics used by the organisation to assess climate-related risks  

and opportunities in line with strategy and risk management process

Refer	to	“Initiatives	and	status	updates”	in	 

B. Managing climate risks

Sustainability Report, page 22

b.	 	Disclose	Scope	1,	Scope	2,	and	if	appropriate,	Scope	3	GHG	emissions	 

and related risks

Scope	1	&amp;	2:	Refer	to	“Information	on	 

environmental footprint

Sustainability Report, page 51

Scope	3:	Refer	to	“Initiatives	and	status	updates”	 

in B. Managing climate risks

Sustainability	Report,	page	23

c.  Describe the targets used by the organisation to manage climate-related risks  

and opportunities and performance against targets

Refer	to	“Initiatives	and	status	updates”	and	 

“Targets”	in	B.	Managing	climate	risks

Sustainability Report, page 24

TCFD Content Index


Methodology for TCFD

64

Datacollection

TCFD	recommends	that	companies	report	their	Scope	1,	2	and	3	greenhouse	gas	emissions,	in	accordance	with	the	Greenhouse	Gas	Protocol	

Corporate Standard(1). 

Read more about DBS’ emissions in “Information on environmental footprint” on page 51.

As	a	bank,	the	bulk	of	our	Scope	3	emissions	arises	from	our	loans	to	corporate	customers.	To	determine	our	Scope	3	emissions,	we	are	required	

to quantify the total Scope 1 and 2 emissions of our customers’ operations. However, as this is not a mandatory requirement, company-level 

carbon data is not always readily available for all listed companies, and rarely available for unlisted ones. For customers with partial or no Scope 

1 and 2 carbon emissions disclosure, the typical approach has been to estimate and benchmark against listed companies that (1) disclose their 

carbon data and (2) are most similar in terms of energy production facilities, industry sector, technology use, and geographical locations. 

In our 2020 study, we managed to obtain carbon data that is available for 414 listed companies in our corporate lending business. All information 

–	including	carbon	and	financial	–	was	provided	by	a	globally	recognised	independent	environmental	consultancy	we	commissioned.	The	data	

provided was also based on the latest information available at the point of study, taking reference from external sources as such annual reports, 

regulatory	filings	and	the	CDP	(formerly	the	Carbon	Disclosure	Project)	database.	

Carbonmetrics

We disclose the following carbon to revenue metrics:

No.

Carbon Metrics Formulas

Indications

1

Weighted average 

carbon intensity 

(sectors) 

 ∑

n=customers  

in sector

(DBS credit exposure to customer)i

(Customer’s CO2e Scope 1 + 2)i

(DBS credit exposure to sector)n

(Customer’s revenue)n

*

i

Expresses	the	average	of	carbon	efficiency	(i.e.	CO2e emissions embedded in the 

generation of revenue) at customer level, weighted by DBS credit exposure to the 

customer as a percentage of DBS’ credit exposure to the sector.

2

Weighted average 

carbon intensity 

(portfolio)

Expresses	the	average	of	carbon	efficiency	(i.e.	CO2e emissions embedded in the 

generation of revenue) at customer level, weighted by DBS credit exposure to the 

customer as a percentage of DBS’ credit exposure to the portfolio. 

∑

n=368

(DBS credit exposure to customer)i

(Customer’s CO2e Scope 1 + 2)i

(DBS credit exposure to portfolio)n

(Customer’s revenue)n

*

i

(1)   

Source: https://ghgprotocol.org/corporate-standard

Methodology for TCFD


65

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

Methodologyonquantifyingtransitionrisk

Our bottom-up scenario analysis focused on potential credit risk arising from climate-related carbon regulations for the 414 customers in the pilot 

study.	In	addition	to	credit	losses,	our	portfolio	might	also	be	affected	by	the	loss	of	future	revenues	to	us	from	customers	who	may	have	become	

economically unviable.

We	considered	the	possible	increase	in	carbon	prices	by	year	2030	that	may	arise	from	future	carbon-related	regulation.	Carbon	pricing	assigns	

a	monetary	cost	on	carbon	(in	fact,	on	all	greenhouse	gases)	emissions	and	serves	as	a	proxy	for	the	impact	on	the	cashflows	and	profitability	of	

customers in our lending portfolio.

We used three climate-related scenarios based on research by the International Energy Agency (IEA) and the Organisation for Economic  

Co-operation and Development (OECD).(2)

• High	carbon	price	scenario:	This	scenario	represents	the	implementation	of	policies	by	year	2100	that	are	considered	sufficient	to	reduce	

greenhouse	gas	emissions	in	line	with	the	goal	of	limiting	the	temperature	increase	to	2°C	from	pre-industrial	age.	This	is	equivalent	to	the	

scenario	Energy	Technology	Perspective	–	2	Degrees	Scenario	(ETP-2DS)	with	66%	probability	of	staying	below	a	2°C	increase;

• Medium carbon price scenario: This scenario assumes that policies will be implemented to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and limit climate 

change	to	a	2°C	increase	in	the	long	term,	but	with	action	delayed	in	the	short	term.	This	is	equivalent	to	a	hybrid	between	ETP-2DS	and	New	

Policies Scenario (NPS). Forecast future carbon prices under the ETP-2DS scenario have been scaled down based on evaluations of Nationally 

Determined Contributions by Climate Action Tracker.(3) The medium scenario assumes that carbon prices will rise to levels consistent with the 

ETP-2DS	scenario	in	all	countries	by	2050;	and

• Low-carbon price scenario: This scenario considers broad policy commitments and plans announced by countries, including pledges to 

reduce	greenhouse	gas	emissions	and	phase	out	fossil	fuel	subsidies,	even	if	the	measures	to	be	implemented	have	yet	to	be	identified	or	

announced.	Prices	in	this	scenario	are	considered	to	be	insufficient	to	achieve	the	goals	of	the	Paris	Agreement.	The	important	secondary	

effects	on	changes	to	the	natural	environment	are	considered	in	this	scenario	only	qualitatively.	This	is	equivalent	to	the	IEA	NPS	scenario.

We subjected a number of these customers, a sample of approximately 60% of the 414 sample companies, to our credit risk models to evaluate 

their	potential	credit	deterioration	arising	from	the	impact	of	higher	carbon	cost	on	their	cashflows	and	profitability.

For the remaining corporate exposures, a less granular top down, portfolio-level approach is used, leveraging on forecasts of macroeconomic 

variables (such as GDP, sectoral equity prices, energy prices, among others) consistent with the carbon price scenarios inputted into bank’s 

existing stress-testing models. Changes in the probabilities of default are ascertained and used to determine potential increases in expected 

credit losses.

(2)   

Source: https://www.irena.org/DocumentDownloads/Publications/Perspectives_for_the_Energy_Transition_2017.pdf 

(3)   

Source: https://climateactiontracker.org/


Selected ESG-related awards,  indices and ratings

66

(1)   

 The use by DBS Bank Ltd of any MSCI ESG Research LLC or its affiliates (“MSCI”) data, and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service marks or index names herein, do not 

constitute a sponsorship, endorsement, recommendation, or promotion of DBS Bank Ltd by MSCI. MSCI services and data are the property of MSCI or its information providers, 

and are provided ‘as-is’ and without warranty. MSCI names and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI.

(2)   

 Copyright ©2020 Sustainalytics. All rights reserved. This report contains information developed by Sustainalytics (www.sustainalytics.com). Such information and 

data are proprietary of Sustainalytics and/or its third party suppliers (Third Party Data) and are provided for informational purposes only. They do not constitute 

an endorsement of any product or project, nor an investment advice and are not warranted to be complete, timely, accurate or suitable for a particular purpose. 

Their use is subject to conditions available at https://www.sustainalytics.com/legal-disclaimers.

Selected ESG-related awards,  

indices and ratings

A. Sustainability awards

AsiaPacific







Best Bank for Corporate 

Responsibility (Asia)

Best Investment Bank 

for Sustainable Finance 

(Asia Pacific)

Ethical Procurement Award, 

Risk Mitigation Award, 

Overall Award

Singapore











Best Bank for ESG 

(Singapore)

Best Sustainable Bank (Singapore)

Apex Winner, Sustainable 

Business (Non-SME)

Champion of Good

Charity Platinum Award, 

Volunteer Partner Award

China

HongKong

Indonesia

Taiwan

• 

Top10PublicWelfarePartner

Companies2020,Shanghai Public 

Welfare Selection

• 

CorporateSocialResponsibility 

SilverAward,China International  

Public Relations Association

• 

CorporateSocialResponsibility,

Bloomberg Businessweek Financial 

Institutions Awards 2020

• 

SocialCapitalBuilderLogoAwardfor

CommunityInvestmentandInclusion

Fund2020,HKSAR Government

• 

OrganisationAwardforVolunteer

Movement,HKSAR Government

• 

BestCorporateSustainability

Initiative2020:CausePromotion, 

MIX Magazine Indonesia

• 

BestLeaderforBusiness

SustainabilityThroughCorporate

DevelopmentInitiativefor

StakeholderEngagement, 

Warta Ekonomi

• 

BestPracticeAward:Transparency

andIntegrity,Taiwan Institute for 

Sustainable Energy

• 

BestPracticeAward:SocialInclusion,

Taiwan Institute for Sustainable Energy

• 

BestPracticeAward:GreatPractice

of2020,Taiwan Institute  

for Sustainable Energy

B. ESG Indices







Bloomberg Gender

Equality Index Constituent

FTSE4Good Global  

Index Constituent

Dow Jones Sustainability Index 

(DJSI) Asia Pacific Constituent

C. Ratings

Rating Agency

Score

CDP(FormerlytheCarbon

DisclosureProject) 

In December 2020, DBS received a score of B- in the Climate Change assessment.

RobecoSAMCorporate

SustainabilityAssessment 

In	November	2020,	DBS	received	an	overall	score	of	68	in	the	assessment,	placing	us	at	the	83rd percentile in the Banking industry.

MSCI 

In 2020, DBS received a rating of AA (on a scale of AAA- CCC) in the MSCI ESG Ratings assessment.(1)

Sustainalytics

In December 2020, DBS received an ESG Risk Rating of 20.7 and was assessed by Sustainalytics to be at Medium risk of experiencing 

material	financial	impacts	from	ESG	factors.(2) 


67

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

Name

Description

Covid-19 related

Emerging Stronger Together Taskforce (EST)

Our CEO, Mr. Piyush Gupta, is a member of the taskforce. We are an active contributor in the Singapore Together 

Alliances for Action on sustainability.

Environment and Resources Standards  

Committee  (ERSC)

Our CSO, Mr. Mikkel Larsen, is a member of the committee.

Digital-related

IMDA Advisory	Council	on	Ethical	Use	of	Artificial 

Intelligence and Data

Our CEO, Mr. Piyush Gupta, is a council member.

Green Digital Finance Alliance (GDFA)

Our CEO, Mr. Piyush Gupta, is part of the Advisory Board.

Operational

Monetary Authority of Singapore’s  

Green Finance Industry Taskforce (GFIT) 

DBS is an active participant to the GFIT, convened by Monetary Authority of Singapore’s, with our CSO, Mr. Mikkel 

Larsen, coleading one of the workstreams.

RE100

DBS is a member of the RE100, our commitment can be found in L. Managing our environmental footprint.

United for Wildlife Financial Taskforce

DBS is a signatory to the taskforce.

Reporting

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)

DBS reports in line with the global reporting initiative standard. Refer to Mapping to GRI Standards and GRI Content 

Index.

Integrated Reporting &lt;IR&gt;

DBS reports in line with the integrated reporting standards. Refer to our Annual Report, pages 68 to 75.

Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)

DBS reports in line with the recommendations by the task force. Refer to C. Managing climate risk, TCFD content 

index and Methodology for TCFD.

Task Force on Nature-related Financial Disclosures (TNFD)

DBS is part of the informal working group.

Risk Management

Equator Principles (EP)

DBS	signed	up	to	the	principles	in	2019.	Refer	to	A.	Responsible	Financing	for	our	first	report	on	implementation	of	

the principles.

Green Investment Principles for the Belt and Road (GIP)

DBS has adopted the voluntary principles to promote green investment in projects in the Belt and Road countries.

Sustainable Development

Accounting for Sustainability (A4S), Circle of Practice in 

Singapore

DBS is a founding member of the Circle of Practice in Singapore.

Asian Venture Philanthropy Network (AVPN)

DBS Foundation and DBS Bank Limited are part of the network.

Global Compact Network Singapore (GCNS)

DBS is a Gold member of the GCNS.

Human Capital Leadership Institute (HCLI)

DBS is a network partner of the HCLI.

Taskforce on Scaling Voluntary Carbon Markets (TSVCM)

Our CSO, Mr. Mikkel Larsen, is a member of the taskforce.

World Business Council for Sustainable Development 

(WBCSD)

DBS is a participant and observer in a number of project groups. Our CEO, Mr. Piyush Gupta, was elected to the 

Executive Committee in 2020.

United Nations Global Compact (UNGC)

DBS is signatory to the UNGC.

Commitments 

and memberships


Abbreviations

68

A4S

Accounting for Sustainability

AI

Artificial	Intelligence

AHU

Air Handling Unit

AML

Anti-Money Laundering

APSIS

Asia	Pacific	Social	Innovation	Summit

ASEAN

Association of Southeast Asian Nations

AuM

Assets Under Management

AVPN

Asian Venture Philanthropy Network

AWS

Amazon Web Services

B2B

Business-to-Business

BEPS

Base	Erosion	and	Profit	Shifting

BTI

Business Transformation and Improvement Grant

CDD

Customer Due Diligence

CFT

Combating the Financing of Terrorism

CRMs

Credit Risk Managers

CoP

Communication on Progress

CRUISE

Customer	Regional	Unified	Surveillance	Enterprise

DBSF

DBS Foundation

DPTM

Data Protection Trustmark

DRA

Dynamic Review Assessment

EDSF

Enterprise Data Security Framework

EFS

Enterprise Financing Scheme

EPs

Equator Principles

ERSC

Environment and Resources Standards Committee

ESG

Environmental, Social and Governance

EST

Emerging Stronger Together Taskforce

ETP-2DS

Energy Technology Perspective – 2 Degrees Scenario

FDCC

Group Fair Dealing and Conduct Committee

FPOs

Farmer Producer Organisations

G20

Group of 20

GCNS

Global Compact Network Singapore

GDFA

Green Digital Finance Alliance

GDP

Gross Domestic Product

GHG

Greenhouse Gases

GFIT

Green Finance Industry Taskforce

GRI

Global Reporting Initiative

GST

Goods and Services Tax

HCLI

Human Capital Leadership Institute

HKSAR

Hong Kong Special Administrative Region

IBF

Institute of Banking &amp; Finance

IBG

Institutional Banking Group

IEA

International Energy Agency

IFC

International Finance Corporation

IMDA

Infocomm Media Development Authority

IR

Integrated Reporting

KPIs

Key Performance Indicator

KLYGBPC

Lee Kuan Yew Global Business Plan Competition

LPG

Liquefied	Petroleum	Gas

MAS

Monetary Authority of Singapore

MD

Managing Director

ML

Machine Learning

MOM

Ministry of Manpower

MSCI

Morgan Stanley Capital International

MSMEs

Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises

NDPE

No Deforestation, No Peat, No Exploitation

NEW

National Environment Agency

NGOs

Non-Governmental Organisations

NPOs

Non-Profit	Organisations

NPS

New Policies Scenario

NSPR

National Sustainable Procurement Roundtable

NUS

National University of Singapore

OECD

Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development

OECD BEPS

OECD/	G20	Base	Erosion	and	Profit	Shifting	Project	Reports	and	

Action Plans

PAPBA

Pre-Approved Persona-Based Access

PoP

People of Purpose

PRIDE!

Purpose-driven, Relationship-led, Innovative, Decisive, Everything 

Fun!

PURE

Purposeful, Unsurprising, Respectful and Explainable

RECs

Renewable	Energy	Certificates

RMs

Relationship Managers

RSPO

Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil

SASB

Sustainability Accounting Standards Board

SDG

Sustainable Development Goals

SGQR

Singapore Quick Response Code

SGX-ST

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited

SMEs

Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises

SMEG

Taiwan SMEs Credit Guarantee

SSP

Sustainable Sourcing Principles

SVP

Senior Vice President

TCFD

Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures

TNFD

Task Force on Nature-related Financial Disclosures

TSVCM

Taskforce on Scaling Voluntary Carbon Markets

UNESCO

United	Nations	Educational,	Scientific	and	Cultural	Organisation

UNGC

United Nations Global Compact

UNICEF

United Nations International Children’s Emergency Fund

VAT

Value-Added Tax

VDI

Virtual Desktop Infrastructure

VP

Vice President

VPN

Virtual Private Network

WACI

Weighted Average Carbon Intensity

WBCSD

World Business Council for Sustainable Development

WWF

World Wide Fund for Nature

Abbreviations


69

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

TotheBoardofDirectorsofDBSGroupHoldingsLtd

We	have	been	engaged	by	DBS	Group	Holdings	Ltd	(“DBS”)	to	undertake	a	limited	assurance	engagement	in	respect	of	the	selected	

sustainability	information	from	the	2020	Sustainability	Report	of	DBS	described	below	for	the	year	ended	31	December	2020	(“the	Identified	

Sustainability Information”).

IdentifiedSustainabilityInformation

The	respective	Identified	Sustainability	Information	for	the	year	ended	31	December	2020	is	set	out	below:

• GRI 102-8: Information on employees and other workers

• GRI 102-9: Supply chain

• GRI 102-41: Collective bargaining agreements

• GRI 201-1: Direct economic value generated and distributed

• GRI 205-2: Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures

• GRI	301-1:	Materials	used	by	weight	or	volume

• GRI	302-1:	Energy	consumption	within	the	organisation

• GRI	303-1:	Water	withdrawal	by	source

• GRI	305-1:	Energy	direct	(Scope	1)	GHG	emissions

• GRI	305-2:	Energy	indirect	(Scope	2)	GHG	emissions

• GRI	305-3:	Other	indirect	(Scope	3)	GHG	emissions

• GRI	306-2:	Waste	by	type	and	disposal	method

• GRI	308-1:	New	suppliers	that	were	screened	using	environmental	criteria

• GRI 401-1: New employee hires and employee turnover

• GRI 404-1: Average hours of training per year per employee

• GRI	404-3:	Percentage	of	employees	receiving	regular	performance	and	career	development	reviews

• GRI 405-1: Diversity of governance bodies and employees

• GRI 405-2: Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men

• GRI 414-1: New suppliers that were screened using social criteria 

Our	assurance	engagement	was	with	respect	to	the	year	ended	31	December	2020.	We	have	not	performed	any	procedures	with	respect	to	

(i) earlier periods and (ii) any other elements included in the 2020 Sustainability Report of DBS, and in the annual report, website and other 

publications, and therefore do not express any conclusion thereon.

ReportingCriteria

The	Identified	Sustainability	Information	has	been	assessed	against	the	Global	Reporting	Initiative	(“GRI”)	Sustainability	Reporting	Standards	2016	

(“the	Reporting	Criteria”).

Management’sResponsibilityfortheIdentifiedSustainabilityInformation

Management	of	DBS	is	responsible	for	the	preparation	of	the	Identified	Sustainability	Information	in	accordance	with	the	Reporting	Criteria.	

The	responsibility	includes	designing,	implementing	and	maintaining	internal	control	relevant	to	the	preparation	of	Identified	Sustainability	

Information that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

Practitioner’sIndependenceandQualityControl

We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirements of the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA) Code 

of Professional Conduct and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities (ACRA Code), which is founded on fundamental principles of 

integrity,	objectivity,	professional	competence	and	due	care,	confidentiality	and	professional	behaviour.	

Our	firm	applies	Singapore	Standard	on	Quality	Control	1	and,	accordingly,	maintains	a	comprehensive	system	of	quality	control	including	

documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and 

regulatory requirements.

Independent limited assurance report  

on sustainability information 


Independent limited assurance report on sustainability information 

70

Practitioner’sResponsibility

Our	responsibility	is	to	express	a	limited	assurance	conclusion	on	the	Identified	Sustainability	Information	based	on	the	procedures	we	have	

performed and the evidence we have obtained. We performed our limited assurance engagement in accordance with Singapore Standard on 

Assurance	Engagements	3000	(Revised)	–	Assurance	Engagements	other	than	Audits	or	Reviews	of	Historical	Financial	Information	(“Standard”).		

This	Standard	requires	that	we	plan	and	perform	our	work	to	form	the	conclusion	about	whether	the	Identified	Sustainability	Information	is	free	

from material misstatement. The extent of our procedures depends on our professional judgment and our assessment of the engagement risk. 

A limited assurance engagement involves assessing the suitability in the circumstances of DBS’ use of the Reporting Criteria as the basis for the 

preparation	of	the	Identified	Sustainability	Information,	assessing	the	risks	of	material	misstatement	of	the	Identified	Sustainability	Information	

whether due to fraud or error, responding to the assessed risks as necessary in the circumstances, and evaluating the overall presentation of the 

Identified	Sustainability	Information.	A	limited	assurance	engagement	is	substantially	less	in	scope	than	a	reasonable	assurance	engagement	in	

relation to both the risk assessment procedures, including an understanding of internal control, and the procedures performed in response to 

the assessed risks.

The procedures selected included inquiries, observation of processes performed, inspection of documents, analytical procedures, evaluating the 

appropriateness	of	quantification	methods	and	reporting	policies,	and	agreeing	or	reconciling	with	underlying	records.	Given	the	circumstances	

of the engagement, we also performed the following:

• interviewed management and personnel in Group Procurement Services, Group Human Resources and Corporate Real Estate Strategy  

&amp;	Administration	in	relation	to	the	Identified	Sustainability	Information;

• obtained	an	understanding	of	how	the	Identified	Sustainability	Information	is	gathered,	collated	and	aggregated	internally;

• performed	limited	substantive	testing,	on	a	selective	basis,	of	the	Identified	Sustainability	Information	(i)	to	verify	the	assumptions,	estimations	

and	computations	made	in	relation	to	the	Identified	Sustainability	Information;	and	(ii)	to	check	that	data	had	been	appropriately	measured,	

recorded,	collated	and	reported,	to	the	extent	we	considered	necessary	and	appropriate	to	provide	sufficient	evidence	for	our	conclusion;	and

• assessed	the	disclosure	and	presentation	of	the	Identified	Sustainability	Information.

The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for a reasonable assurance 

engagement. Consequently, the level of assurance in a limited assurance engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been 

obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been performed. Accordingly, we do not express a reasonable assurance opinion about whether 

DBS’	Identified	Sustainability	Information	has	been	prepared,	in	all	material	respects,	in	accordance	with	the	Reporting	Criteria.

InherentLimitations

In	designing	these	procedures,	we	considered	the	system	of	internal	controls	in	relation	to	the	Identified	Sustainability	Information	and	reliance	

has been placed on internal controls where appropriate. Because of the inherent limitations in any accounting and internal control system, errors 

and irregularities may nevertheless occur and not be detected. 

Conclusion

Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that 

the	Identified	Sustainability	Information	for	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2020	is	not	prepared,	in	all	material	respects,	in	accordance	with	

the Reporting Criteria.

PurposeandRestrictiononDistributionandUse

This report, including our conclusion, has been prepared solely for DBS in accordance with the agreement between us. To the fullest extent 

permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than DBS for our work or this report.

Yours faithfully

 

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants

Singapore 

2 March 2021


71

DBS Sustainability Report 2020  |  Stronger Together

thispageisintentionallyleftblank













12MarinaBoulevard 

MarinaBayFinancialCentreTower3 

Singapore018982

(65)68788888|www.dbs.com

Co.Reg.No.199901152M

facebook.com/dbs

twitter.com/dbsbank

Best Bank in the World

GlobalFinance

Responsible Business Awards: 

Purpose Driven Communications 

(Global)

Reuters/EthicalCorporation

Outstanding Crisis Leadership: 

Overall Excellence – Bank (Global)

GlobalFinance

Best Bank for Corporate 

Responsibility, Asia

Euromoney

Excellence in Leadership in Asia 

(during the Covid-19 pandemic)

Euromoney

Most Distinctive in Helping to 

Mitigate Impact of Covid-19 (Asia)

GreenwichAssociates

#1 for Sustainability among 

Financial Institutions in Asia

CampaignAsia

Best Bank for Corporate 

Responsibility, Singapore

Asiamoney

Best Bank for Corporate 

Responsibility, Hong Kong

Asiamoney

Sustainable Business –  

Non-SME (Apex Winner),  

Singapore Apex Corporate 

Sustainability Awards

GlobalCompactNetworkSingapore

Champion of Good, Singapore

NationalVolunteer&amp;

Philanthropy Centre

Volunteer Partner Award

CommunityChestSingapore







