




Beneath the 

surface...

Sustainability Report 2017




the hidden

value awaits

Beneath the surface of our business lies a

strong foundation where hidden value awaits.

It may not always be visible on the surface

or at first glance, but lies waiting to show its

optimal potential. We believe our success

comes from having an innate ability to look

beyond the surface – by turning hidden

potential into true value, to create a robust

and sustainable business.


Contents

This Sustainability Report has been prepared by the Company and its contents have been reviewed by the 

Company’s Sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited (the “Sponsor”), for compliance with the relevant rules of the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “Exchange”). The Sponsor has not independently verified the 

contents of this Sustainability Report.

This Sustainability Report has not been examined or approved by the Exchange and the Exchange assumes no 

responsibility for the contents of this document, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions 

made or reports contained in this Sustainability Report.

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms Lee Khai Yinn (Tel: (65) 6532 3829) at 1 Robinson Road,  

#21-02 AIA Tower, Singapore 048542.

Overview

Board Statement

02

Introduction

03

Material ESG Factors &amp; Reporting Framework

04

Environmental, Social and  

Governance Key Performance Indicators

Environmental Impacts

07

Social Impacts

09

Governance

11

Targets &amp; Policies 

14

Appendices 

15

01

S U STAI N ABI L I TY  RE PO RT 2017


Board Statement

Board Statement | Introduction | Material ESG Factors &amp; Reporting Framework | 

As a global builder of next-generation Information and Communications Technologies (ICT) companies, 

DeClout Limited (DeClout), and together with its subsidiaries (The Group), aims to demonstrate its 

commitment towards sustainability by implementing a sustainability framework to improve corporate 

transparency and operating efficiency.

DeClout’s business involves investing, incubating and scaling companies to become global or regional 

leaders. As such, the Board recognises that good governance is essential for continued growth and 

investors’ confidence and that all its portfolio companies have to manage their own operations 

responsibly. DeClout believes that by monitoring and reporting its environmental, social and 

governance (ESG) key performance indicators (KPIs) through this Sustainability Report, it has taken 

the right step forward.

This Sustainability Report details KPIs that are material to the practices of DeClout. Supported by 

an independent ESG analyst, DeClout identified its KPIs through a materiality assessment exercise 

based on the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB). Through a detailed analysis, DeClout 

has identified some of the key focus areas for improvement. As such, DeClout has established 

short–, medium– and long-term targets that are shaped around these areas so as to improve its ESG 

performance in the coming years.

The Board believes in the importance of sustainability reporting and is responsible for considering 

sustainability issues such as ESG factors as part of its strategic formulation.

The Board recognises that good governance is 

essential for continued growth and investors’ 

confidence, and that all businesses have to manage 

their own operations responsibly.

02

DeClout Limited


Introduction 

Environmental Impacts | Social Impacts | Governance | Targets &amp; Policies | Appendices 

03

S U STAI N ABI L I TY  RE PO RT 2017

DeClout is pleased to introduce the Group’s inaugural Sustainability Report 2017, focusing on ESG 

KPIs identified as material to DeClout’s business and its key stakeholders. The materiality assessment 

exercise was carried out based on the SASB and facilitated by an independent sustainability 

consultant. This report also describes DeClout’s targets and plans to strengthen its business strategy 

in ESG management.

Headquartered in Singapore and listed on the Catalist Board of the SGX-ST since 2012, DeClout is a 

global builder of next-generation ICT companies. DeClout’s portfolio companies can be grouped within 

two business segments, namely IT Infrastructure Sales and Services and Vertical Domain Clouds. 

Through DeClout Investments, DeClout’s incubation and fund-raising facilitation arm, the Group seeks 

to continuously identify synergies between new ventures and its existing businesses to drive growth. 

DeClout has a vast network across Asia Pacific, the Americas, Europe and Africa.

This report covers data and relevant activities for the financial year ended 31 December 2017 (FY2017) 

solely for DeClout’s corporate office. Exhibit 1 below displays the scope covered by quantified data.

EXHIBIT 1: SCOPE OF REPORTED DATA

SCOPE

QUANTITY

Description

DeClout’s Corporate Office

Number of employees

23

Percentage of employees covered  

by data

100%

ESG IN THE CONTEXT OF BUSINESS

DeClout’s business strategy is built on identifying, incubating, scaling and harvesting of next-generation 

technology companies. ESG reporting is an important aspect of responsible business, and aids with 

the communication of its performance of the business to all its stakeholders.

Identifying key materiality issues provides DeClout with the opportunity to increase its long-term 

value, both in business and financial terms, for all stakeholders. Failing to address externalities can 

potentially cause immense harm to DeClout’s reputation and financial performance.


Material ESG Factors &amp; Reporting Framework 

Board Statement | Introduction | Material ESG Factors &amp; Reporting Framework | 

Identifying the material issues to investors and other stakeholders are crucial for companies to manage 

ESG risks and opportunities. DeClout recognises the importance of ESG issues, both to its own 

operation and its portfolio companies, as well as its wider external stakeholders, including customers 

and investors. Responsible ESG management underpins the financial stability of business and DeClout 

is committed to maximising its positive impact within its business activity.

The Singapore Stock Exchange defines sustainability reporting as the identification of ESG risks and 

opportunities which act as barriers or enablers to achieving business goals in the short, medium and 

long term. The omission or misstatement of these risks or opportunities could influence the decisions 

of investors.

DeClout has undertaken a comprehensive materiality analysis to first identify and prioritise the key 

ESG issues which are important to its internal and external stakeholders under the SASB framework. 

This report is framed around the financial services sector guide under the SASB framework, as 

DeClout is primarily an investment holding company. This sector guide was used as a guideline to 

cross reference with internal stakeholders to refine its activities and areas of risks and opportunities. 

An interactive workshop was conducted with all key stakeholders to first ensure that all key material 

ESG issues are prioritised. The prioritisation of these material issues was then presented to DeClout’s 

Board of Directors for validation. DeClout aims to conduct an annual review of its material issues, as 

DeClout recognises that the materiality issues may evolve over time.

Focusing on these material sustainability issues  

will allow companies to positively impact their 

growth in terms of both profit and customers.

04

DeClout Limited


Material ESG Factors &amp; Reporting Framework 

Environmental Impacts | Social Impacts | Governance | Targets &amp; Policies | Appendices

Source: Trucost analysis informed by SASB materiality standards.

Material to DeClout           Material to sector but not to DeClout           Immaterial

EXHIBIT 2:  MATERIAL ESG ISSUES FOR DECLOUT OPERATIONS





















Electricity

consumption

Fuel use 

onsite

Air

quality

Water

withdrawn

Renewable 

energy 

sourcing

GHG 

emissions

Fuel

management

Waste

avoided

Biodiversity

Water 

scarcity

Waste

generation

Wastewater

management

Waste

management





























Community

relations

Employee

diversity

Onsite 

&amp; offsite 

fatalities

Data security

breaches

Equal

employment

Onsite 

&amp; offsite 

injuries













Safety

management

Data

management

Supply chain 

management

Business

ethics

Board

diversity

Customer 

data 

collection/

privacy

Government

data requests

Supply Chain

labour

management

Employee

training &amp; 

development

ENVIRONMENT

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE





Sustainable

investment

05

S U STAI N ABI L I TY  RE PO RT 2017


Material ESG Factors &amp; Reporting Framework 

Board Statement | Introduction | Material ESG Factors &amp; Reporting Framework | 

EXHIBIT 3:  ESG METRICS AND RELEVANCE TO DECLOUT'S REPORT

TOPIC

ACCOUNTING METRIC

STATUS

Environmental 

Footprint 

Operations

Total energy consumption, 

percentage of grid electricity

Included (Exhibit 4)

Greenhouse gas emissions  

(Scope 1, 2 and 3)

Included (Exhibits 4 and 5)

Equal 

Opportunities 

Employment

Employee diversity

Included (Exhibit 6)

Employee diversity policy

Included (see page 9)

Equal remuneration policy

Included (see page 11)

Board Equal 

Opportunities

Board diversity

Included (Exhibit 8)

Board diversity policy

Included (see page 12)

Board gender diversity ratio

Included (see page 13)

Responsible 

Investment

Investment policy

Included (see page 13)

Screening policy

Included (see page 13)

Data Security

Data destruction policy

Included (see page 13)

Business Ethics

Anti-bribery and Anti-corruption 

policy

Included (see page 13)

Whistleblowing policy

Included (see page 13)

Gifts, Entertainment and Hospitality 

policy

Included (see page 14)

Conflict of interest policy

Included (see page 14)

The majority of the ESG issues identified for DeClout are primarily focused around governance, 

and DeClout is committed to uphold high standards of corporate governance which will ensure an 

appropriate degree of accountability and transparency. The key governance issues which have 

been identified include general business ethics, sustainable investment, board diversity and 

data management. As the majority of DeClout’s operations are office-based and relatively small, 

environmental considerations are focused mostly around the use of electricity in the corporate office 

and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions via air travels.

06

DeClout Limited


Environmental Impacts

 Environmental Impacts | Social Impacts | Governance | Targets &amp; Policies | Appendices

DeClout's operational GHG emissions were calculated based on onsite energy use and business 

travels. Onsite energy comprises electricity only and no other fuels are used.

For the purposes of this report, GHG emissions  are reported in line with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol, 

an international corporate accounting and reporting framework developed by the World Resources 

Institute and the World Business Council for Sustainable Development. The Greenhouse Gas Protocol 

differentiates between direct and indirect emissions using a classification system across 3 different 

scopes:

SCOPE 1

Includes direct emissions 

from sources which 

a company owns or 

controls. This includes 

direct emissions from fuel 

combustion and industrial 

processes.

SCOPE 2

Covers indirect emissions 

relating solely to the 

generation of purchased 

electricity that is consumed 

by the owned or controlled 

equipment or operations  

of the company.

SCOPE 3

Covers other indirect 

emissions, including  

third-party emissions.

EXHIBIT 4:  GROUP ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACTS

ITEM

UNITS

QUANTITY

ENERGY USE

Purchased Electricity

kWh

469,507

AIR TRAVEL

Total Distance Travelled

km

104,880

GREENHOUSE GASES

Scope 1

tCO2e

0 

Scope 2 (Location-based)

tCO2e

207 

Scope 2 (Market-based)

tCO2e

207 

Scope 3 (Business Air Travel)

tCO2e

40 

07

S U STAI N ABI L I TY  RE PO RT 2017


Environmental Impacts 

Board Statement | Introduction | Material ESG Factors &amp; Reporting Framework |

EXHIBIT 5:  GHG EMISSIONS OF OPERATIONS BY SCOPE

Due to the nature of the business, DeClout neither combusts any fuel directly onsite nor operates any 

company vehicles; therefore there are no Scope 1 GHG emissions. The most significant source of GHG 

emissions for DeClout is Scope 2 GHG emissions, associated with the purchase of electricity in its 

corporate office, which was responsible for 84% of the calculated carbon footprint. Almost a quarter 

of all electricity purchased (24%) is used within the server room.

The only Scope 3 GHG emissions included within this report for DeClout is business air travel. DeClout 

has a vast network of offices across Asia Pacific, the Americas, Europe and Asia to which its portfolio 

companies and employees are required to travel for onsite meetings and other business needs. Air 

travel made up 16% of the total calculated carbon footprint, approximately 40 tCO2e per year, and 

DeClout’s employees travelled a combined distance of over 100,000 km in 2017. Other Scope 3 

categories such as purchased goods and services are currently not included by DeClout.

84%

SCOPE 2

(MARKET-BASED)

0%

SCOPE 1

16%

SCOPE 3

08

DeClout Limited


Social Impacts

Environmental Impacts | Social Impacts | Governance | Targets &amp; Policies | Appendices 

People are the cornerstone of DeClout’s business and the Group places strong emphasis on building 

its bench strength to grow its business. DeClout believes in creating an inclusive environment which 

will enhance innovation and unlock the potential of its employees.

DeClout embraces the four core values (TIER) below:

1 For the purposes of the DeClout diversity and inclusion policy, diversity includes differences that relate to gender, age, ethnicity, 

race, cultural background, physical abilities, religious beliefs, sexual orientation, social-economic status and political beliefs. In 

addition, diversity also includes style, interpersonal skills, education, functional knowledge and expertise.









TEAMWORK

Encouraging a 

culture of solidarity 

and team spirit

INNOVATION

Valuing creativity, 

experimentation and 

thinking out of 

the box

EXCELLENCE

Securing the trust 

and loyalty of 

customers and 

maintaining a solid 

reputation

RESILIENCE 

Ensuring employees 

are agile to react 

swiftly to new trends 

and developments

To uphold these values, DeClout has put in place a series of internal policies to promote best practices 

among all its employees and management. Following are highlights of the key social policies that have 

been put in place in DeClout.

EMPLOYEE DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION

DeClout recognises the value of diversity1 and inclusion and that individuals differ in all ways – 

nationality, religion, race, culture, gender, education, experience, belief and ideas. These are what 

make all of us unique individuals.

As such, business activities such as hiring, training, compensation, career progressions opportunities, 

terminations and recreational events are conducted without discrimination, based on merits and 

unhampered by artificial barriers, prejudices or preferences.

DeClout also captures the diversity of its direct employees, as shown in Exhibit 6 below. The figures 

relate to staff employed directly by DeClout's corporate office and do not include those employees 

which are employed by the wider group.

09

S U STAI N ABI L I TY  RE PO RT 2017


Social Impacts

Board Statement | Introduction | Material ESG Factors &amp; Reporting Framework | 

EXHIBIT 6:  GROUP DIVERSITY AND EMPLOYEE REPRESENTATION

ITEM

NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES

PERCENTAGE

GENDER DIVERSITY

Male

8

35%

Female

15

65%

AGE DIVERSITY

Under 30 

4

17%

30-50

17

74%

Over 50

2

9%

DeClout places emphasis on the principle of diversity, including gender diversity. As at the end of 

FY2017, about 65% of the employees were female. This is a high ratio of female employees compared 

to Singapore average of 45%2.

EQUAL REMUNERATION

People are considered most integral to DeClout in harnessing success in everything the company 

does.

DeClout is committed to promoting a conducive workplace, guided by the following strategies for 

the growth and development of its employees and embracing Fair Employment Practices with the 

Tripartite Alliance for Fair Employment Practices (TAFEP).

2 World Bank (2018) Labor force, female (% of total labor force) Available online: https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SL.TLF.

TOTL.FE.ZS

10

DeClout Limited


Governance

 Environmental Impacts | Social Impacts | Governance | Targets &amp; Policies | Appendices 

DeClout considers good corporate governance to be the hallmark of a well-managed organisation 

and aims to maintain a high standard of corporate governance and processes which will enhance 

shareholders value and return in the long term.

DeClout adopts a good corporate governance standard. Details of the compliance controls and risk 

management procedures can be found in the corporate governance report of DeClout’s Annual Report 

2017 available here.

The following section provides highlights of the key governance policies that have been put in place 

within the organisation to maintain ethical and appropriate business practices.

BOARD DIVERSITY

DeClout’s Board of Directors (The Board) has the responsibility to ensure that the company and 

the management comply with laws, regulations, policies, directives, guidelines and internal code of 

conduct, and provides oversight of the proper conduct of the business.

DeClout’s policy is to ensure that there is broad experience and diversity in its Board. DeClout’s 

Board embraces knowledge and understanding of relevant diverse geographies, people and their 

backgrounds including race, disability, gender, sexual orientation, religion, belief and age, as well as 

culture, personality and work style. In particular, the Board is focused upon increasing Board diversity 

without compromising on the calibre of its directors. DeClout maintains that appointments to the 

Board should be based on merit as well as complementing and expanding the skills, knowledge and 

experience of the Board as a whole.

Included in the Board is the Audit Committee, which oversees a number of audit processes including 

management of complaints (see Whistleblowing policy below). The full role of the Board and the Audit 

Committee can be found here.

The diversity of the board members is detailed below.

EXHIBIT 8:  BOARD DIVERSITY

ITEM

NUMBER OF DIRECTORS

PERCENTAGE

GENDER DIVERSITY

Male

3

50%

Female

3*

50%

AGE DIVERSITY

Under 30 

0

0%

30-50

3*

50%

Over 50

3

50%

*Ms Ch’ng Li-Ling has stepped down from her position as an Independent Director from the Board of Directors with effect from 

30 April 2018.

11

S U STAI N ABI L I TY  RE PO RT 2017


Governance

Board Statement | Introduction | Material ESG Factors &amp; Reporting Framework |

For FY2017, the Board has well diversified in terms of gender and consists of six members, including 

three men and three women. The average percentage of women on the board of listed companies in 

Singapore as of 31 December 2017 was 10.8% (Diversity Action Singapore3), therefore DeClout has 

a strong performance relative in this metric at 50%.

Furthermore, the Board has knowledge and skill diversity, with a qualified lawyer familiar with capital 

markets, a corporate financier and two qualified accountants amongst them.

RESPONSIBLE INVESTMENT AND SCREENING POLICY

DeClout recognises that much of the impact of its activity lies in the operations of the portfolio 

companies which it invests in. As such, focus is given to investing in appropriate organisations that 

align with DeClout’s core values and ethics. In addition to a screening policy to ensure no investment 

in companies that are involved with illegal activity, the supply or production of sanctioned goods4, or 

the production of weapons of mass destruction or inhuman weapons, DeClout also reviews potential 

investments for ESG risk. Where potential ESG risks are identified, DeClout reviews mitigation 

measures and may require commitment to appropriate mitigation measures before investing.

DESTRUCTION OF DATA AND DATA PROTECTION POLICY

DeClout may, in the everyday order of business, handle personal and sensitive data, both internally 

and externally. It operates under a Personal Data Protection policy available here. The Data Retention 

Policy ensures that data that is no longer required will be destroyed or disposed of in a secure manner.

ANTI-BRIBERY AND ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICY

DeClout is committed to acting lawfully and with integrity in every aspect of its business. This policy 

applies to all DeClout employees, including its global subsidiaries and contract and temporary workers. 

The policy seeks to ensure that employees conduct business legally, ethically and with integrity to 

avoid acts of bribery or corruption. DeClout operates with a zero-tolerance policy.

WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY

For the purpose of good corporate governance, it is DeClout's policy that any employee or external 

third parties, such as suppliers, customers, contractors and other stakeholders of the company, 

shall be free, without fear of retaliation, to make known or raise concerns about actual or possible 

improprieties.

3 Diversity Action Singapore (2018). Women directors increase to 13.1% on boards of top 100 companies in 2017. Available 

from: http://www.diversityaction.sg/statistics/as-at-dec-2017/[Accessed 12/04/2017]

4 This includes the supply or purchase of sanctioned products, goods or services to or from countries or regions covered by 

UN, UK or US government sanctions.

12

DeClout Limited


Governance

 Environmental Impacts | Social Impacts | Governance | Targets &amp; Policies | Appendices 

GIFTS, ENTERTAINMENT AND HOSPITALITY POLICY

Gifts, entertainment and hospitality should never inappropriately influence decision-making or 

cause others to perceive an inappropriate influence. DeClout’s policy establishes the standards and 

procedures employees must follow when intending to offer or accept business courtesies, including 

gifts, prizes and hospitality, and recognise the allowable business entertainment and related costs with 

outside parties and internal employees.

CONFLICT OF INTEREST POLICY

This policy applies to all employees of DeClout's group of companies and ensures that employees 

establish guidelines on potential conflicts of interest arising from activities outside work which may 

impact an employee’s role negatively or inappropriately. DeClout is committed to conducting business 

in a manner that ensures that its employees’ business judgement and decision-making are not 

influenced by undue personal interests.

13

S U STAI N ABI L I TY  RE PO RT 2017


Targets &amp; Policies

Board Statement | Introduction | Material ESG Factors &amp; Reporting Framework |

Recognising the benefits of ESG factors in business, DeClout strives to continuously improve its ESG 

performance and has established a series of ESG targets to be achieved in the short and medium 

terms.  

• 

Publication of DeClout Code of Conduct by 2018

• 

Formalisation of DeClout Investor Relations policy by 2018

• 

Establishment of environmental management system (EMS), such as ISO14001, in the corporate 

office and across all portfolio companies’ offices by 2025

• 

Reduction of number of flights taken by employees by 10% by 2020  

• 

Double the number of training hours given per employee yearly to 10 hours by 2020

DeClout strives to continuously improve ESG 

performance and as such has set a series of public targets 

to achieve in the short and medium terms.  

14

DeClout Limited


Appendices

 Environmental Impacts | Social Impacts | Governance | Targets &amp; Policies | Appendices

CALCULATING GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS

Different GHGs have different Global Warming Potentials (GWP)5 or abilities to contribute to rising 

temperatures. Data is standardised by converting the different GHGs into their carbon dioxide 

equivalent according to the GWP index published by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 

(IPCC)6. The index identifies the radiative effects of different GHGs in the atmosphere relative to an 

equal mass of CO2 over a 100-year timeframe. GWP enables all the GHGs to be expressed in terms of 

CO2 equivalents, or CO2e. Trucost derived quantities of GHG emissions from data on operational and 

vehicle fuel consumption, electricity use and business travel.

5 Global Warming Potential (GWP) is the ratio of the warming of the atmosphere caused by one substance to that caused by a 

similar mass of carbon dioxide which is assigned a reference value of 1.

6 The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) is a scientific intergovernmental body set up by the World Meteorological 

Organisation (WMO) and by the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) with a mandate to provide an objective source 

of information about climate change.

15

S U STAI N ABI L I TY  RE PO RT 2017


DeClout Limited

Company Registration No. 201017764W

29 Tai Seng Avenue

#05-01 Natural Cool Lifestyle Hub

Singapore 534119

Tel: +65 6818 1833

Fax: +65 6341 1123

Email: ir@declout.com

www.declout.com

DeClout Limited

