
 

0 





 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustaining Growth  .  Enhancing Value 

SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 2017 


 

 

 

DSG  |  Sustainability Report 2017 

 

1 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Welcome 

to 

the 

inaugural 

edition of the Design Studio 

Group Ltd (“DSG” or the 

“Company”, and together with 

its subsidiaries, the “Group”) 

Sustainability Report.  

 

This Sustainability Report forms 

a part of DSG’s reporting suite 

and is a demonstration of our 

commitment 

to 

sustainable 

business practices.  

 

This report offers a summary of 

performance 

in 

2017 

and 

provides a road map for the 

Company’s sustainability goals 

for the future. 

 

This Sustainability Report is 

divided into three sections each 

representing the three pillars of 

our 

material 

sustainability 

issues: Environmental, Social 

and Governance. 

 

 

About this report 








 

 

 

DSG  |  Sustainability Report 2017 

 

2 

 

 

 

Board Statement…………………………………………………... 3 

About DSG …………...………..………………………………….. 4 

Sustainability Road Map ………………………………………… 

6 

Our Approach ………………….…………………………………. 

7 

 

Environmental ……………………..………….…………….. 8 

Performance Summary 2017 …………..…………………. 8 

Environmental Awareness and Training …………………. 8 

Waste Management ……………………………………….. 9 

Member of SEDEX ………...………………………………. 11 

Sustainable Procurement …………………………………. 12 

Adhesive-Free Production Process …………………. …... 12 

BCA Green Mark ………………………………………….... 12 

Environmental Initiative ……………………………………. 13 

 

Social ……………………………………………………….… 14 

Performance Summary 2017 ………….………………….. 14 

Health, Safety and Well-Being ……………………………. 14 

Labour Relations …………………………………………… 16 

 

Governance …………………………………………………. 19 

Stakeholder Engagement …………………………………. 19 

Beyond Quality Assurance and Controls ………………... 20 

Strong Client Portfolio ……………………………………... 20 

Our Manufacturing Capabilities …………………………… 21 

Our Engineering Capability ………………………………… 21 

Supply Chain ………………………………………………… 21 

Anti-Corruption ………………………………….…………… 22 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Contents 








 

 

 

DSG  |  Sustainability Report 2017 

 

3 

 

 

 

Commitment to Sustainability 

 

While sustainable business practices have been integral to the Group for many years, the 2017 

Sustainability Report represents our first publication on our performance in this area. This report 

aims to spell out the Group’s approach to sustainability, our performance in 2017, and our 

aspirations for the future. 

 

The Group has a diverse range of strengths, including our people and affiliates. We have undergone 

a thorough business transformation and refresh in accordance with our strategy; and will move 

forward with a clear and focused objective to leverage our core strengths to deliver projects to the 

satisfaction of our valued clients – wherever they are around the world. 

 

The report is divided into three key sections representing the three pillars of our approach to 

sustainability: Environmental, Social and Governance. 

 

We committed substantial efforts and resources to strengthen the Group’s core fundamentals and 

build a sustainable growth platform for the future. 

 

This report both celebrates the steps the Company has taken towards sustainable business 

practices and also sets some clear and achievable goals for DSG to continue on its journey to 

becoming a more sustainable business. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Board Statement 


 

 

 

DSG  |  Sustainability Report 2017 

 

4 

 

 

 

 

 

Established in 1992 and joining the Depa Group in 2006, DSG are experts in creating functional 

and creative office, hotel, living, social and retail spaces. It has a growing global presence, having 

provided joinery solutions, to projects all around the world, including several major cruise liner 

refurbishment projects. 

 

Listed on the Singapore Exchange, DSG are considered Singapore’s premier furniture 

manufacturer, interior fit-out and product specialist. It provides high-quality joinery manufacturing 

and interior fit-out solutions to the residential, hospitality, retail, commercial, F&amp;B, themed works, 

corporate office and cruise liner segments. 

 

 

Our Business 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

About DSG 




 

 

 

DSG  |  Sustainability Report 2017 

 

5 















Our Vision &amp; Values 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

 

DSG  |  Sustainability Report 2017 

 

6 

 

 

 

 

While sustainable business practices have been integral to DSG for many years, this report 

represents our first publication of our performance in this area. 

 

We have established a roadmap for our sustainability journey, with a view to achieving compliance 

with Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting standards by 2019. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Improvement 

Compliance with GRI  

Sustainability Reporting 

Standard 



Sustainability Roadmap 

2018 

2019 



 

Setting the base 

2017 


 

 

 

DSG  |  Sustainability Report 2017 

 

7 

 

 

 

 

DSG defines sustainability as:  

 

An approach to business that creates long-term, sustainable stakeholder value by effectively 

managing environmental, social and governance factors across the business. 

 

DSG’s company values – Integrity, Accountability, Transparency, Teamwork, and Sustainability – 

are integral to our sustainability approach. 

 

Sustainability in turn underpins our strategy for the continued growth and the long-term success 

of the Group and will be achieved through the following approach: 

 

Environmental 

• Minimising the impact of our operations on the environment 

• Reducing resource consumption through the adoption of greener construction 

and manufacturing processes, striving to integrate sustainable materials and, 

maximising resource efficiency in our business activities 

 

Social 

• Ensuring the health, safety and wellbeing of employees and communities 

• Attracting, retaining and developing talented employees 

• Making a positive social, economic and environmental impact in the 

communities in which we operate 

 

Governance 

• Taking a robust and disciplined corporate governance and risk management 

approach to our activities, while remaining commercially competitive 

• Seeking out and valuing the views of its stakeholders through open and honest 

engagement 

• Delivering long-term, sustainable financial returns for our stakeholders 

• Anti-Corruption 

 

DSG is a truly global provider of interior solutions and as such, operates across a range of 

geographies. Each geography is at different levels of maturity in regards to sustainability. As a 

result, our approach to sustainability is flexible enough to ensure that it can be applied across our 

global operations. 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Our Approach  








 

 

 

DSG  |  Sustainability Report 2017 

 

8 

 

 

 

 

Performance Summary for 2017 

 

Indicator 

2017 Performance 

2018 Targets 

Full compliance to the 

legal requirements of the 

country 

where 

DSG 

operates 

• No summons received 

 

• No fines from authorities 

 

• No stop work order 

issued by any authorities 

for environmental non-

compliance. 

 

• Zero 

complaints 

from 

interested parties 

 

• No fines and summons 

for non-compliance with 

environmental laws and / 

or regulations. 

 

Environmental Awareness &amp; Training 

DSG uses training sessions, workshops, meetings and 

campaigns to ensure employees have the knowledge 

and skills to implement environmental best practices 

in accordance with international standards, legal and 

other compliance obligations. 

 

Environmental training is conducted regularly and is 

part of the Group’s annual training program which 

includes senior management and employees. 

 

Environmental training is also carried out as part of 

induction training for all new employees. Training 

sessions are reinforced with written information such 

as flyers and memorandums. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Environmental 

ISO 14001 

DSG implements the international 

standard for the Environmental 

Management System as part of its 

commitment 

to 

protect 

the 

environment, prevent pollution 

and control the environmental 

impacts of its operations. 

 






 

 

 

DSG  |  Sustainability Report 2017 

 

9 

Waste Management 

DSG is committed to protecting the environment and strives to do this through effective waste 

management. These include: 

 

• Reducing waste through the implementation of the ‘3R’ (Reduce, Reuse, Recycle) methodology 

within the scope of our activities; 

 

• Ensuring the safe storage and disposal of waste as per required by the applicable laws and best 

practices; 

 

• Providing the necessary training to employees to increase the awareness of waste segregation, 

reduction, reuse and recycling; 

 

• Encouraging the purchase of recycled materials and materials suitable for recycling; 

 

• Preventing all possible sources of environmental pollution by establishing controls to minimise 

waste generation and consumption of natural resources; 

 

• Regularly monitoring, reviewing and reporting the effectiveness of waste management; and 

 

• Setting targets to maintain the above. 

 

 

Waste Management Principles 

 

The waste management hierarchy sets the 

preferred 

order 

of 

waste 

management 

practices with the aim of generating minimum 

waste and achieving maximum environmental 

benefits. 

 

DSG abides by the principles of the waste 

management hierarchy in its approach to 

promote environmental sustainability. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Fig.1: Waste management hierarchy principles. 






 

 

 

DSG  |  Sustainability Report 2017 

 

10 

 

Waste Prevention 

 

The principle of waste prevention is the most preferred waste management strategy. This involves  

avoiding the generation of waste by: 

 

• 

Substituting inputs for those that generate waste; 

 

• 

Increasing efficiency in the use of raw materials, energy, water and land; 

 

• 

Redesigning process or products; and 

 

• 

Improving maintenance and operation of equipment. 

 

Waste Reduction 

 

Through the principle of waste reduction, DSG implements the following where possible: 

 

• 

Timely and proper training for personnel involved in waste management; 

 

• 

Proper waste handling from work-site to landfill; 

 

• 

Use of recycled materials; 

 

• 

Returning unused materials to suppliers; 

 

• 

Returning unwanted packaging to suppliers for recycling or reuse; and 

 

• 

Developing procurement policies to support waste reduction. 

 

Waste Reuse 

 

The principle of waste reuse assists the Group in minimising the amount of waste by the reuse of 

discarded materials such as: 

 

• 

Ensuring double-sided printing; 

 

• 

One side used papers reused for printing drafts or scratch pads; and 

 

• 

The reuse of delivery pallets and packaging materials where appropriate. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




 

 

 

DSG  |  Sustainability Report 2017 

 

11 

Waste Recycling 

Waste recycling involves the collection and processing of waste materials in cooperation with 

governmental and private recycling facilities. Materials include paper, metal, and printer cartridges. 

This process prevents pollution and saves energy. 

 

Waste Identification and Sorting 

DSG manages waste according to the types of waste generated. Waste at the point of generation 

is identified and sorted. Different types of waste are sorted separately for reuse, recycle and various 

processes of disposal. 

 

Waste Transport and Collection 

DSG cooperates with a number of government and private environmental service providers that 

specialise in the removal of waste. Waste is removed from the point of generation and delivered to 

designated waste disposal facilities that have been approved by the authorities to recycle, treat, 

store or dispose of waste. It may include transporting waste for further treatment or safe disposal. 

 

Waste Disposal 

Waste Disposal is the least preferred process within DSG’s waste management strategy. Where 

waste cannot be reused or recycled it is disposed of via proper waste disposal facilities. 

 

Waste Tracking and Documentation 

DSG tracks waste movement to ensure it is transported properly from the place of generation to 

the intended destination with minimum movements. Waste manifest documents are collected, 

stored and provided to relevant authorities when required. 

 

Honeycomb 100% Recycled Material 

DSG is a leader in using honeycomb recycled materials in our product 

range as an infill for all kinds of sandwich building materials and 

furniture. The material is 100% recyclable. 

 

 

Member of Sedex 

The Supplier Ethical Data Exchange (Sedex) was officially launched in 2004. Its aims is to help 

improve the effectiveness of buying companies' ethical trade strategies by offering a facility for 

supplier companies to share their audits with multiple customers. It is the home to one of the world’s 

largest collaborative platforms for sharing responsible sourcing data on supply chains, used by more 

than 50,000 members in over 150 countries. 

 

Tens of thousands of companies use Sedex to manage their performance around the four pillars 

of  labour rights, health &amp; safety, the environment and business ethics, which aligns with our 

sustainability approach. 

 

Sedex services enable members to bring together many kinds of different data, standards and 

certifications, to make informed business decisions, and to drive continuous improvement across 

their value chains. 

 

DSG’s Sedex membership reference number: ZC405165732 



Honeycomb 

Filler 

100% recycled 




 

 

 

DSG  |  Sustainability Report 2017 

 

12 

 

Sustainable Procurement 

At DSG, we aim to minimise the environmental impact of our construction materials through 

adopting sustainable procurement where possible. We avoid the use of materials made by 

hazardous components, prioritising local vendors, helping vendors to improve their performance 

and the efficient utilisation of resources, including sustainability in the vendor assessment criteria 

and prequalification process. 

 

Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) 

DSG meets the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) standards as a key 

part of its sustainability strategy. DS Furniture Manufacturer Sdn Bhd and 

Design Studio (Huizhou) Home Furnishing Co., Ltd, wholly owned 

subsidies of DSG, have been certified since 2011. 

 

DS Furniture Manufacturer Sdn Bhd fulfills the requirements of Chain-of-

Custody, for the purchasing of FSC 100% and FSC Mix High- pressure 

laminates (HPLD, HPL) paper, particle board, MDF, plywood and solid wood 

finger-joined, manufacture (transfer system) and sales of FSC 100% and 

FSC Mid doors and door farms, in-door furniture and furniture components. 

 

While our factory in Huizhou fulfills the requirements of purchasing of FSC 

100% and FSC mix material, manufacture (transfer system) and sales of FSC 100%, FSC mix furniture 

and wooden products for construction; purchasing of FSC 100%, FSC mix and FSC controlled wood 

material, manufacture (percentage system) and sales of FSC mix furniture and wooden products for 

construction. 

 

Adhesive-Free Production Process 

DSG is one of the first manufacturers in South East Asia to use Laser Technology in bonding 

method combining three different gluing systems in one machine which can produce laser edges 

with perfect zero joints. It can be used to process all types of edging in line with product and 

customer requirements. This adhesive-free production process provides a higher-quality finish, 

significantly reduces production steps and eliminates the use of adhesives. 

 

BCA Green Mark 

We encourage and train our employees to master and lead new 

sustainable industry trends to meet the green building needs of our 

clients. We aim to provide the healthiest possible environment during 

every stage of a project’s timeline, striving to find the most efficient and 

least disruptive use of land, water, energy and resources. 

 

DSG has successfully completed the OUE downtown project at Shenton 

way, Singapore, and was certified with the BCA Green Mark rating 

system. The Building and Construction Authority (BCA), an agency under 

the Ministry of National Development, has launched in January 2005 the BCA Green Mark Scheme 

as an initiative to drive construction industry in Singapore towards more environment-friendly 

buildings and promote sustainability in the built environment and raise environmental awareness 

among developers, designers and builders. 

and employ 









DSG’s OUE 

Downtown Project 

was awarded the 

Green Mark Gold 

Plus Status 


 

 

 

DSG  |  Sustainability Report 2017 

 

13 

Environmental Initiatives 

In line with our Environmental Management System, DSG ran a Green and Gracious Campaign at 

several projects in 2017. This campaign encourages employees to look at ways in which projects 

can begin to develop sustainable practices, focusing on three key areas; the improvement of the 

procedures and planning, the implementation of good practices and the utilization of technology 

in reducing waste and energy consumption. 

 

Green and Gracious practices 

Several important practices have been put in place as part of the Green and Gracious campaign. 

These include: 

• 

When selecting suppliers and subcontractors, sustainability performance is now taken into 

consideration. 

• 

Recycled and sustainable material for site applications are used during the construction stage. 

• 

Green label product and materials are selected over non-Green label products and materials. 

• 

Off-cuts and waste materials from construction such as metal and timber are re-purposed for interior 

decorating items. 

• 

Paper and packaging materials are reused for interior decorating items during transport from the 

factory. 

• 

Site offices and equipment are run on AC grid power instead of diesel generators. 

• 

Measures are taken to reduce dust generated from material storage and construction vehicles. 

 

Procurement and planning 

As part of the Green and Gracious campaign a procedure to measures and encourage recycling 

and reduction of construction waste and office waste was implemented. Several sustainable 

procedures have been put in place, including: 

 

• 

the introduction of a sustainable supplier selection form; 

• 

a Standard Operating Procedure for Reduce, Reuse and Recycle at projects; 

• 

processes to monitor waste disposal costs and energy and water consumption; and 

• 

the segregation of waste – bins introduced for different types of waste. 

 

Technology 

As part of the Green and Gracious Campaign, several pieces of technology and equipment have 

been procured to reduce waste, including: 

• 

Scissor lifts 

• 

Thumbprint machines 

• 

Water saving/recycling equipment 

• 

Use of Noise meter with Solar Panels to measure the construction Noise 

• 

Use Drywalls for construction of partition instead of Conventional bricks. Drywall generates less 

wastage for disposal 

• 

Use of Energy Saving fittings in Site offices and in projects  

• 

All the machines used in the Factory such as sawing machine, cutting machine etc..has the feature of 

in-built dust suction mechanism which reduces dust pollution 

• 

Spray painting for doors and panels are done in a Closed chamber using a sensor sprya paint 

mechanism whereby the dust is enclosed within the chamber and eliminates air pollution. 

 

Additionally the use of energy efficient or Green Label appliances, equipment and devices have 

become common practice. On some sites solar panels and a noise meter have been installed. 

 

 

 

 




 

 

 

DSG  |  Sustainability Report 2017 

 

14 

 

 

 

 

Health, Safety and Well-being 

 

Performance Summary 2017 

 

Indicator 

2017 Performance 

2018 Targets 

Total worked man-hours 

2,494,573 

N.A. 

Total worked man-hours without 

Lost Time Injuries (LTI) 

2,494,573 

N.A. 

No. of Lost Time Injuries (cases 

require more than 3 

days  medical leave) 

 

0 

 

**F.R. – 1.0 

 

**S.R. – 10.0 

No. of Permanent Disabilities or 

Fatalities 

0 

0 

No. of Fire Incidents 

0 

0 

Penalties received from Clients or 

Authorities: 

a. No. of penalties 

b. Total cost 

 

 

0 

0 

 

 

0 

0 

** 

F.R. - Frequency Rate 

=    Number of Accidents &gt; 3 days MC  X  1,000,000 

Number of Man-days Worked 

 

S.R. - Severity Rate 

=     

Number of Mandays lost  X  1,000,000 

Number of Man-days Worked 

 

 

The DSG Approach 

DSG considers its employees the Group’s most valuable resource and asset. At DSG, safety is a 

shared responsibility and every member of the Group, from the CEO to managers, supervisors and 

workers are accountable for ensuring the prevention of harm to themselves and others. 

 

The DSG management is committed to demonstrating safety leadership by empowering 

employees, providing a safe work environment, and promoting hazard identification and risk control 

awareness. We believe that the safe way is the only way: all accidents and occupational dangers 

can and must be prevented. Whenever a safety hazard is identified – either by an audit, 

investigation or during the normal course of work – prompt action is taken to correct the deviation 

and avoid recurrence. 

 

 

 



Social 






 

 

 

DSG  |  Sustainability Report 2017 

 

15 

Values and Tenants 

Safety is not only a part of every person’s job but also a part of every person’s life. 

• 

Working safely is a condition of employment. 

• 

Eliminating, minimising and controlling hazards. 

• 

Encouraging best practices, initiatives and safe behaviours. 

• 

Supporting the involvement of our employees in health and safety matters. 

• 

Preventing accidents, injuries and ill-health related to work has a positive impact on: employee 

morale and productivity; company earnings; and customer satisfaction. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Communication 

DSG is committed to transparent and effective communication. Our communication strategy is key 

to delivering this commitment. Internal communication includes information such as company 

policy, objectives, incidents, non-conformances, legal and other compliance obligations via team 

meetings, email alerts, flyers and memorandums. 

 

External communication includes information shared with clients, certification bodies, local 

authorities, government entities and with our suppliers. The content and form of communication 

varies depending on the targeted group and considering language barriers, where appropriate 

videos, presentations and posters are used 

 

Recognition of Safe Practices 

As part of our strategy to reinforce a safety culture across the 

Company, we recognise outstanding safety practices through a 

program of monthly safety awards. Individuals from across the 

business who have demonstrated safe practices are nominated 

for the award and recognised in an award ceremony. 

 

Monthly safety awards promote safe work practices and provide 

an opportunity for dialogue relating to health, safety and 

environment issues. 

 

 

 





Employees have 

received long service 

and special  awards 



29 

1. 

Do it safely – or don’t do it at all. 

 

2. 

If you have doubt, consult a competent 

person. 

 

3. 

Follow safe work practices and procedures. 

 

4. 

No-blame culture, report all near misses, 

accidents and first aid cases immediately. 

 

5. 

Ensure that work equipment is inspected 

and in safe condition, operate it safely. 

 

6. 

Always consider the impact of your actions 

and routine behaviour on the environment. 

The DSG 

Approach 




 

 

 

DSG  |  Sustainability Report 2017 

 

16 

HSE Induction and Training 

DSG’s HSE training comprises: 

• 

Internal Training, such as awareness of DSG’s Policy 

Statement, Integrated Management System (IMS), 

operational controls, emergency response and HSE 

induction and orientation. 

• 

External training, such as first aid, firefighting, 

scaffolding, welding, auditor training, Institution of 

Occupational Safety and Health (IOSH) managing 

safely and specific machine operating. 

• 

Specific training, such as Tool Box Talks (TBT), 

risk/impact assessments, accident reporting, heat 

stress, mock drills and environmental incidents. 

All internal and external HSE training is conducted by competent personnel. Training certificates 

and attendance records are maintained and training is repeated and/or refreshed when required, 

this ensures DSG is compliant with international standards, legal and other compliance obligations. 

 

bizSAFE Compliance 

bizSAFE is a five-step programme tailored to assist companies build up their 

workplace safety and health capabilities. The 5 levels are bizSAFE level 1, 2, 

3, 4 and STAR, with bizSAFE STAR being the highest level of the bizSAFE 

compliance standards. DSG has attained the bizSAFE STAR certification. 

 

 

Labour Relations 

Summary for 2017 

 

Indicator 

2017 Performance 

2018 Targets 

Average hours of training 

provided for an employee 

 

30 Hours per employee in 

a year 

To achieve at least 32 hours 

of training per employee for 

2018 

 

Employee turnover rate 

 

Less than 5%  

To maintain the employee 

turnover rate for 2018 

 

 

Employees are at the heart of DSG’s vision and mission. To ensure employee engagement and 

foster job satisfaction the Group maintains a calendar of events, activities and programs for the 

benefit of the workforce. 

 

The Group is committed to producing a caring and supportive work environment which is 

conducive to the welfare of all employees and which enables them to develop their full potential. 

 

 

 



OHSAS 

18001 



100% implementation of 

the international standard 

for Occupational Health 

and Safety in DSG 






 

 

 

DSG  |  Sustainability Report 2017 

 

17 

Employee Engagement Events 

DSG’s workforce is religiously diverse. One of the Group’s priorities is to ensure that all employees 

feel safe and free to practice their religion. 

 

Traditions &amp; Celebrations 

At DSG, we respect religious and customary traditions, be it the Chinese Hungry Ghost Festivities, 

the Muslim Ramadan period, the Hindu Festival of Lights (Deepavali) or Christian Christmas 

celebrations, the Company creates an environment where these and other traditions are part of the 

Company’s culture, and are embraced and respected by the diverse backgrounds and ethnic 

groups within the organisation.   

 

Team Building 

A team building exercise was conducted at the Singapore Turf Club where games and exercises 

were conducted for the purpose of improving team cohesion.   

 

End-of-Year Recognition 

We also hold an annual end-of-year event to recognise the hard work of our employees and the 

sacrifices they have had to make in contributing to the Company’s success.  

 

Employee Transport 

DSG funds a return ticket home for each expatriate worker who completes two years of service. 

As part of DSG’s commitment to training and development, a secondment allowance is provided 

to employees who take up a seconded position overseas. All workers in Singapore are provided 

with daily transport to and from the metro station to DSG’s main office and factory. 

 

Worker Welfare 

DSG operates several labour accommodation sites across, Singapore, Malaysia and China and the 

health and welfare of our manual workers is a priority. We are committed to providing a caring, 

healthy and productive environment that enables our workers to deliver to the best of their ability, 

and we aim to be a leader in this area. In all countries where we operate the Group provides 

workers’ accommodation and transportation in compliance with the relevant labour laws. 

 

Accommodation Facilities 

Spacious rooms with sufficient bedding and locker facilities are provided, and all facilities include: 

• 

Prayer rooms; 

• 

Entertainment rooms; 

• 

Professional catering services; 

• 

Dining rooms; and 

• 

First-aid facilities.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




 

 

 

DSG  |  Sustainability Report 2017 

 

18 

Training &amp; Development 

DSG is passionate about providing our employees with on-going 

training and development; and we recognise this as an essential 

part of implementing our sustainability strategy. Our training and 

development program serves to increase efficiency and 

performance, employee engagement, job satisfaction and 

employee retention by providing employees with the means to 

gain both new skills and continual development. DSG offers 

employees both in-house and external training programs. 

 

DSG implements an effective succession plan at senior levels. 

This plan is significant for the Group’s sustainability strategy in 

attracting and retaining talented employees. DSG believes in 

promoting a culture that encourages learning and the open sharing of knowledge and professional 

experiences. This knowledge sharing culture ensures employees feel capable and are engaged in 

their work, empowering them to achieve their personal and professional goals. 

 

Employee Induction and On-boarding 

All new employees are required to undergo the induction and on-boarding program to promote 

their adjustment to the new role and work environment. Inductions provide new employees with 

the necessary tools, resources and information required to do their job and allows new employee 

to become familiar with DSG policies and procedures. 

 

Employee Satisfaction Survey 

The annual employee satisfaction survey helps DSG measure and understand the employees’ 

attitude, feedback, motivation, and satisfaction. 

 

Grievances 

DSG ensures any employee raising a concern receives a fair hearing by their Line Manager or 

Department Manager concerning any grievances they may wish to raise. DSG  maintains an “open 

door” policy which provides a fair and unbiased HR Department review for any grievance, this 

assists in safeguarding against possible inequitable treatment. 

 

Under no circumstances are employees penalised for presenting a complaint. All grievances are 

treated as highly confidential and never discussed with third parties other than those involved in 

the grievance procedure. 

 

Whistleblowing 

DSG encourages employees to speak up and report their concerns so that problems can be 

resolved in order to prevent further escalation of issues. Employees are expected to report 

concerns about any misconduct or dishonest or illegal activities occurring within the Group. This 

reporting can be done through a number of channels on a confidential and anonymous basis. 

 

Confidentiality will be maintained to the fullest extent possible. The Company will protect from 

admonishment, disciplinary action or retaliation any employee, who in good faith, reports a 

wrongdoing. Employees are able to send emails directly to their immediate supervisor, Head of 

Department, CEO or Audit Committee chairman with appropriate documentation or proof where 

available. It is the employee’s decision to remain anonymous. 

 





2643 



Hours of training 

provided across DSG 

operations in 2017 




 

 

 

DSG  |  Sustainability Report 2017 

 

19 

 

 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

DSG pursues open and relationship-driven communications with our stakeholders in order to 

promote shared growth. Our diverse group of stakeholders include: shareholders, clients, 

employees, NGOs, local communities, suppliers, the media and governments in the jurisdictions 

where we operate. 

 

Communications with our stakeholders is two-way and each piece of feedback is carefully 

considered, and where appropriate, Group policies and procedures are updated. In ensuring 

effective and appropriate communication for each stakeholder group, DSG has developed the 

following stakeholder engagement strategy: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Governance 

• Compliance 

reports/responses 

• Regular inspections 

conducted by Governmental 

authorities 

• Maintaining compliance with 

ISO 14001 for Environmental 

Management System 

Employees 

Government 

• Recognition and rewards 

• Training and development  

• Annual performance 

evaluation 

• Maintaining compliance 

with OHSAS 18001 for 

OH&amp;S Management 

• Engagement 

Management Systems 

Shareholders 

• Regular management 

review meetings 

• Annual reports 

• Quarterly trading 

statements 

• Business plan review 

Community 

• Environment initiatives 

• Engagement with local 

vendors 

• Internship and 

graduate programmes 

• Donations 

• Community 

engagement initiatives 

Clients 

• Maintaining the 

Group’s Quality 

Management System 

• Regular meetings and 

reports 

• Collecting feedback 

from clients 

Supply Chain 

• Environment initiatives 

• Open forum with local 

vendors 

• Regular progress meetings 

and performance audits 

• HSE training and inductions 

• Vendor engagement at 

tendering stage 

• Awareness campaigns 






 

 

 

DSG  |  Sustainability Report 2017 

 

20 

Beyond Quality Assurance &amp;  

Quality Controls 

DSG operates under a world-class Quality Management 

System (QMS). The QMS ensures consistency of output 

across the Group’s activities, guaranteeing each project is 

delivered to our clients’ exacting standards. 

 

From fit-out and installation, to product procurement and 

furniture manufacturing, we have a reputation for 

delivering the highest quality interior solutions. 

 

We are committed to continual improvement and we are 

constantly seeking innovative solutions to improve and 

enhance 

our 

product 

and 

service 

delivery. 

Our 

manufacturing processes and fit-out works are guided by 

stringent quality controls. 

 

 

 

Strong Client Portfolio 

Our unwavering commitment to delivering value products and services with quality solutions and 

professional project management expertise has earned us the trust of reputable developers, 

hoteliers and multinational companies worldwide. 

 

We continuously monitor the Company’s performance by collecting and reporting on client 

satisfaction data; this increases the efficiency of our Management Systems and ensures we are on 

a path of continual improvement. 

 

 

Manufacturing Capabilities 

DSG operates three production facilities in Singapore, Malaysia and China, each embracing 

innovative, versatile and flexible production lines which cater to the varying needs of our global 

clientele. 

 

We have made a considerable long-term investment in our manufacturing technology, ensuring we 

are capable of working with the latest materials and producing cutting-edge designs, fixtures and 

finishes. 

 

This consistent investment in technological expertise supports our philosophy of product 

innovation, giving us the cutting edge competitiveness to continually carve out our success. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ISO 9001 

DSG implements the 

international standard ISO 9001 

for the Quality Management 

System in collaboration with 

reputed certification body 




 

 

 

DSG  |  Sustainability Report 2017 

 

21 

Technical Capabilities 

DSG’s engineering teams are comprised of highly experienced Design Managers, Technical 

Coordinators, Architects, Interior Designers and CAD Designers. The engineering teams are well 

experienced in collaborating with designers and consultants from all backgrounds, and are 

committed to producing only the best output for each project. The engineering teams are well-

equipped to handle all processes including initial coordination, design and production of detailed 

shop drawings packages, sub-contractor and supplier meetings, material coordination and site 

supervision. 

 

Building Information Modelling (BIM) 

BIM is a three-dimensional, real-time, dynamic building modeling computer program which 

increases productivity throughout the building design and construction phases. The BIM process 

covers geometry, space, light, geographic information, quantities and properties of building 

components. BIM makes a reliable digital representation of the building available for design 

decision making, high-quality construction document production, construction planning, 

performance predictions, and cost estimates. 

In adopting BIM based practices, DSG has developed a comprehensive strategy, investing in 

training and development, infrastructure and technology. DSG’s in-house 3D modelling team is 

deployed on our various projects, including National University Hospital (NUH) and Funan Serviced 

Residence. 

 

Supply Chain 

DSG possesses the ability to meet the needs of an international clientele through a global network 

of offices, showrooms, manufacturing facilities and a supply chain that has been built over the 

years on long standing partnerships. 

 

DSG’s supply chain management is key to ensuring the Group delivers on its business and 

sustainability goals. DSG has developed long-term, sustainable relationships with key trusted 

vendors. These partnerships ensure both us and our supply chain partners work collaboratively 

towards our sustainability goals. 

 

DSG carries out appropriate due diligence on all suppliers and maintains a comprehensive and 

detailed approved vendor list. Vendors maintain their inclusion on the list based on the results of 

their performance, which is assessed at the end of each project. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




 

 

 

DSG  |  Sustainability Report 2017 

 

22 

Anti-Corruption 

Summary for 2017 

 

Indicator 

2017 Performance 

2018 Targets 

Non-Compliance with laws 

and / or regulations with 

resulted significant fines and 

non-monetary sanctions 

 

No such non-compliance 

during the year 

Maintain zero non-

compliance policy for 2018 

Confirmed Incidents of 

corruption and actions taken 

 

Zero Confirmed Incidents of 

corruption during the year 

Maintain Zero Incidents of 

corruption in the year 2018 

 

DSG adopts a zero tolerance approach to bribery and corruption of any form as set out in the DSG 

Code of Conduct and reflected in the Anti-Bribery &amp; Corruption (ABC) Policy. This ABC Policy 

applies to DSG and all its operating subsidiaries. All employees of DSG, and all third parties who 

represent us, or who are our suppliers, sub-contractors or other business partners are required to 

comply with this ABC Policy, and not engage in any form of bribery or corruption. 

 

General Requirements 

DSG Employees must not offer, pay or accept any bribes for any purpose whether directly or 

through a third party. This applies to domestic and foreign governments, as well as to private 

parties. Employees must comply with applicable laws in the jurisdictions where DSG operates, 

including local anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws. 

DSG has a set of guidelines for the employees on anti-corruption such as: 

• 

Not to give or offer to give or authorize to give anything of value that could be considered 

to be a bribe. 

• 

Not request or accept or authorize the request or acceptance of, directly or indirectly, 

anything of value that could be considered to be a bribe. 

• 

Report as soon as possible, any suspected breach of the ABC Policy. 

Any violations of this ABC Policy will lead to disciplinary action for the individuals involved, up to 

and including dismissal, and reporting to the police or relevant regulatory agency. DSG may be 

exposed to criminal or civil claims and reputational harm arising from the violation. 

We do not condone the action of, nor do we wish to be held liable for, any of our third parties who 

may have made any bribes whilst acting for us, whether with or without our knowledge. Accordingly 

it is very important that the requisite and proper due diligence of all third parties representing us or 

providing services to us, are undertaken before we engage such third parties. These third parties 

should also undertake not to engage in any form of bribery or corruption. 




 

0 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



