
 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

 






 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

1 

 

CONTENTS 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ STATEMENT ............................................................................................... 3 

ABOUT DUTY FREE INTERNATIONAL LIMITED (“DFI”) ................................................................... 4 

ABOUT THIS SUSTAINABILITY REPORT ............................................................................................ 6 

SUSTAINABILITY AT DFI ......................................................................................................................... 8 

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE ............................................................................................................... 8 

ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE ...................................................................................................................... 9 

Anti-Corruption and Whistleblowing .......................................................................................... 10 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ 11 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT ............................................................................................................ 13 

MAPPING OUR SUSTAINABILITY FOCUS AREAS AGAINST THE UNSDGS ................................ 15 

ECONOMIC ........................................................................................................................................... 17 

ECONOMIC IMPACT OF DUTY FREE RETAIL ............................................................................................ 18 

SUPPORTING LOCAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................... 19 

ENVIRONMENTAL ............................................................................................................................... 20 

RESOURCES MANAGEMENT .................................................................................................................. 20 

Renewable Energy ....................................................................................................................... 21 

Water Management ...................................................................................................................... 22 

WASTE MANAGEMENT .......................................................................................................................... 23 

SOCIAL ................................................................................................................................................. 24 

VALUING OUR EMPLOYEES AND PROTECTING THEIR RIGHTS .................................................. 25 

SALARY AND BENEFIT .......................................................................................................................... 25 

Compensating Our People Fairly ............................................................................................... 26 

TALENT MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................................................... 27 

EQUAL EMPLOYMENT ........................................................................................................................... 28 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY .................................................................................................. 30 


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

2 

 

SOCIETY ............................................................................................................................................... 31 

CUSTOMER-FOCUSED ACROSS OPERATIONS .............................................................................. 31 

CREATING A UNIQUE SHOPPING EXPERIENCE........................................................................................ 31 

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION AND LOYALTY .............................................................................................. 32 

Rewarding Customer Loyalty ..................................................................................................... 32 

DFI’S COMMITMENT ............................................................................................................................. 33 

GRI CONTENT INDEX .......................................................................................................................... 34 

 

 

 


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

3 

 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ STATEMENT 

 

The Board of Directors (“Board”) of Duty Free International Limited (“DFI”), together with its subsidiaries 

(“the Group”), is pleased to present the Group’s fourth annual Sustainability Report for the financial year 

ended 28 February 2021 (“FY2021”). 

FY2021 marked an extremely challenging year for the Group in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic 

which caused disruption of an unprecedented scale to global health, social and economic activities. The 

Group’s business operations, as with most business globally, was impacted by the pandemic. To 

mitigate the impact of this pandemic, the Group implemented an aggressive cost optimisation plan in 

April 2020 which included the deferral of non-critical capital expenditures, cost cutting measures on 

operating overheads and closure of non-profitable outlets. Despite the initiatives and cost containment 

exercise the Group had put in place, COVID-19 related circumstances have certainly impacted and 

disrupted the Group’s operations.  

Even with the challenges of the pandemic, the Board recognises the importance of a sustainable society 

through the practice of sustainable management in both the Group’s business as well as the 

environment and society. Safety measures and protocols were put in place for the Group’s operations 

and workplace while complying strictly to the regulations and standard operating procedures imposed 

by the authorities. The Board has overall responsibility for sustainability and incorporates certain key 

Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) issues in its strategies. The Group’s sustainability 

efforts, guided by the Board and assisted by a sustainability working group, continuously identify, 

address and manage key material ESG factors that are material for the continuity of the Group’s 

business. The disclosures in this report detail the Group’s efforts in managing the key ESG issues in the 

Group.  

We would like to take this opportunity to record our appreciation for each and every healthcare worker 

and enforcement personnel who are working hard to curb the spread of COVID-19. We also wish to 

convey our heartfelt appreciation to all our partners and stakeholders for their support and trust in DFI. 

The extraordinary dedication, co-operation and esprit de corps manifested by the management and 

employees working together as one family has enabled the Group to ride through this difficult year. We 

would like to express our gratitude and applaud them for their dedication and commitment to the Group. 

 

Board of Directors 

Duty Free International Limited 

 

 


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

4 

 

ABOUT DUTY FREE INTERNATIONAL LIMITED (“DFI”) 

 

Duty Free International Limited (“DFI”), together with its subsidiaries (“the Group”) is the largest local 

duty-free retailing group in Malaysia with more than 42 years of experience and a strategic presence at 

all leading entry and exit points in Peninsular Malaysia. The Group operates duty-free retail 

outlets/complexes and trading outlets throughout Peninsular Malaysia including Johor Bahru, Bukit Kayu 

Hitam, Kuala Lumpur International Airports, Senai International Airport, Padang Besar and Langkawi. 

 

DFI’s core value is providing travellers with an exclusive duty-free shopping experience beyond their 

expectations by delivering the highest standards of customer service, retail execution and an extensive 

premium selection of international brands of imported duty-free beverages, tobacco products, 

chocolates and confectionery products, perfumery, cosmetics and souvenirs. 

In addition to the Group’s trading of duty-free goods and non-dutiable merchandise, DFI owns the Black 

Forest Golf and Country Club and an oil palm plantation which are strategically located near the 

Malaysia-Thailand border at Bukit Kayu Hitam.  

 

 

 

 





Airports





Bordertowns





Down towns





Seaports





Duty Free 

Zones



Duty Free Outlet at Langkawi, Pantai Cenang 


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

5 

 

Corporate structure as at 28 February 2021  

 

 






 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

6 

 

ABOUT THIS SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

 

DFI understands the importance of communication with stakeholders. This Sustainability Report is DFI’s 

fourth annual reporting and provides a comprehensive and detailed report on non-financial information 

for a wide range of stakeholders. The report is organised by the material topics which cover the 

economic, environmental and social development aspects relevant to the Group, which forms the 

foundation for DFI’s long-term value creation.  

The material matters relating to DFI’s stakeholders are depicted in the materiality matrix. These key 

material matters have been determined following internal consultations with the management and both 

internal and external stakeholders.  

REPORTING SUITE AND FRAMEWORK 

This sustainability statement forms part of DFI’s annual reporting suite for the financial year ended 28 

February 2021 (“FY2021”), which includes the Annual Report and Financial Statements. Together, these 

documents provide a comprehensive report of the Company’s performance, activities and outlook. They 

also contain detailed disclosure of the management of sustainability risks and opportunities within 

environmental, social and governance (ESG) parameters.  

REPORTING SCOPE AND BOUNDARIES 

Information in this report covers DFI and its subsidiaries for which DFI has managerial control. This 

coverage corresponds to the Corporate Structure as illustrated in page 5 of this report. No information 

or data from previous reports have been restated. 

The report highlights the material matters relating to DFI’s stakeholders as depicted in the materiality 

matrix. This matrix graphically represents key material matters that were determined through internal 

consultations with the management and both internal and external stakeholders.  

REPORTING PERIOD 

This disclosure includes all information and data pertaining to activities undertaken from 1 March 2020 

to 28 February 2021 unless otherwise stated. The Group’s last sustainability report was published on 

30 July 2020. 

REPORTING PRINCIPLES 

Sustainability principles are implemented in DFI’s business. The Group reports its sustainability 

performance in accordance with globally recognised standards and principles to help stakeholders make 

informed decisions in these areas.  

This report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability 

Reporting Standards: Core Option and the Singapore Exchange’s Practice Note 7.6 Sustainability 


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

7 

 

Reporting Guide. These guidelines offer the most comprehensive set of sustainability reporting 

standards. 

The principles of stakeholder inclusiveness, sustainability context, materiality and completeness, 

responsiveness and impact specified under these guidelines help DFI define its sustainability reporting 

content. The reporting principles of accuracy, balance, clarity and timeliness safeguard reporting quality. 

This year, we have also mapped our sustainability focus areas against relevant GRI indicators as well 

as the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UNSDGs) as we embark on our journey towards 

sustainable development. 

The ESG data and information disclosed have not been verified by an independent third party. Data has 

been obtained from reports generated from internal accounting systems. Internal data monitoring and 

verification have been relied on to ensure accuracy. This statement has been approved by DFI’s Board 

of Directors.  

FEEDBACK 

We welcome stakeholders’ feedback on our sustainability efforts as it helps to improve our future 

sustainability reporting and performance. If you would like to get in touch, please contact 

office@dfi.com.sg. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

8 

 

SUSTAINABILITY AT DFI 

 

FY2021 was a challenging and difficult year for the Group and for all travel-related industry. The COVID-

19 pandemic severely affected global health, social and economic activities across the world. It 

highlighted the vulnerability of our current economic system, exacerbated socio-economic challenges 

and reinforced the need to accelerate the sustainability agenda. However, it was also a unique 

opportunity to demonstrate solidarity, the strength of DFI’s team spirit and our ability to respond to 

challenges successfully.  

Sustainability is integrated into DFI’s business and its commitment to the triple bottom line of responsible 

economic development, environmental and social performance. It is an inherent element of DFI’s 

business strategy, targeting its sustainable and profitable growth. DFI’s Economic, Environmental, 

Social and Governance (“EESG”) engagement focuses on four key areas where the Group can 

maximise the impact within the scope of DFI’s stakeholder eco-system and beyond. 

Four Key Areas of EESG Engagement 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE 

 

Sustainability is governed at the highest level by the Board of Directors. DFI’s sustainability activities 

and targets are anchored and executed across DFI’s functions and operations.  

Board members are responsible for overseeing sustainability, operations, systems, operational 

resilience and the related frameworks and processes. The Board of Directors is the ultimate governing 

body and oversees the integration of our sustainability agenda and initiatives across the Group. The 

sustainability agenda is steered by the Managing Director, Executive Director and the Sustainability 



Customer 

experience



Employee 

wellbeing and 

advancement



Environmental 

protection 

through the 

responsible 

use of 

resources



Being a trusted 

partner for all 

stakeholders


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

9 

 

Working Group. The Board considers sustainability a part of its strategic formulation and in determining 

material EESG factors of the Company.  

The Sustainability Working Group manages day-to-day sustainability initiatives. It also ensures core 

business functions are able to complete their plans, meet their timelines and mitigate risks as required. 

 

Sustainability Governance Structure at DFI 

 

Each business area and group function are represented in the Sustainability Working Group. The 

Working Group prepares sustainability issues related to policies, guidelines and strategy. The business 

areas and group functions are responsible for implementing these in the business. 

 

ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE 

 

DFI is committed to a culture of integrity and ethical behaviour. The Group’s employees and supply 

chain partners are held to a high standard of business conduct. An ethical workforce is the cornerstone 

of DFI’s success. Several governance policies and procedures have been introduced such as the Code 

of Conduct (“Code”), Anti-Corruption procedures and Whistle-blowing Policy.  



•Takes ultimate responsibility for the sustainability direction of the Group

•Integrates sustainability considerations into strategic business decisions

•Approves the overall sustainability-related business strategies





Board of Directors



•Steers and oversees the implementation of sustainability-related business 

strategies

•Approves sustainability targets, key indicators and disclosure

•Evaluates and assesses sustainability risks and opportunities





Executive Director



•Monitors and manages the sustainability implementation of the Group

•Facilitates and assists the sustainability processes among the key business 

functions

•Reports on the performance and targets of sustainability processes and controls





Sustainability Working Group



•Supports the implementation of sustainability-related business strategies

•Develops plans and timelines for sustainability reporting disclosure





Key Business Functions


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

10 

 

Employees must commit to following the highest ethical standards while also familiarising themselves 

and abiding by applicable laws. The Code sets out expectations for all employees of the Group, which 

covers topics such as conflict of interest, protection of assets and funds, confidential information, sexual 

harassment, misconduct, health and safety and compliance with the laws. It emphasises the need for 

employees to conduct themselves in a manner that surpasses mere compliance with the law. Similarly, 

the need to comply with the Code extends to our business partners to ensure professionalism and 

compliance with applicable laws.  

Aligning all activities and procedures with clear and strong corporate values builds a powerful image of 

integrity and transparency. 

All employees receive a personal copy of the Code and are required to acknowledge their responsibility 

for complying with the policies and procedures set out in the Code. Failure to comply with the Code may 

result in necessary disciplinary action being taken to maintain compliance and fostering an environment 

where individuals act responsibly and are held accountable for their actions. 

Training and communication familiarise all employee with the Group’s policy and help reassert their 

commitment to it. The Code, the anti-corruption policy, customer service and data protection are topics 

covered in Group training sessions.  

The internal audit team assesses the Group’s adherence to its ethical values. Various audits assess 

employee and departmental compliance with policies, procedures, local laws and regulations. Business 

activities that pose a higher risk to compliance and the Group’s reputation are periodically audited such 

as financial management and reporting, corporate governance, employment issues, supply and capital 

expenditure transactions and other operational procedures. Any cases or suspected cases of activity 

involving corruption including bribery and fraud are investigated. The Board is regularly updated on the 

Group’s compliance status. 

ANTI-CORRUPTION AND WHISTLEBLOWING 

 

The Group has laid out the policy and procedures as well as provided in-house training to the directors 

and management team to ensure strong business ethics and compliance with section 17A of the 

Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission Act 2009 (“MACC Act”). All directors, employees, managers and 

executives are constantly reminded to ensure that the Group conducts its business ethically and in full 

adherence to all applicable laws, rules, regulations.  

Our Anti-Corruption Policy establishes adequate procedures to prevent, detect and mitigate the risk of 

any conduct of bribery or corruption in the Group.  

The Group’s Whistle-blowing Policy encourages employees to disclose any malpractice or misconduct 

in the Group that they may be aware of. Any concerns of wrongdoing or corruption can be reported 

directly to the Audit Committee including the background details, history of events, reasons for concern 

and identity of the alleged person involved. DFI will investigate all complaints based on the information 


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

11 

 

provided depending on its severity, reliability and credibility. DFI prohibits retaliation against any 

employee for making a report in good faith. DFI’s centralised contact point through a dedicated DFI 

email address safeguards the integrity of these investigations. The Group did not receive any 

whistleblowing cases during the financial year ended 28 February 2021 through this channel.  

 

Reportable Incidents 

 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

DFI values stakeholder input and is committed to proactive and constructive engagement with a wide 

range of stakeholders at local, national and international levels.  

Engaging with stakeholders enables DFI to expand the industry value chain beyond the Group’s 

immediate activities. Meaningful engagement has also helped the Group to improve its sustainability 

strategies to meet the needs of the Group’s stakeholders. 

 



 legal obligations

 relevant financial reporting standards

Failure to comply with:

 power or authority

Abuse of:

 cause financial or non-financial loss to the Group

 damage the Group’s reputation

Serious improper 

matters which may:

 endanger the health or safety of employees

 are intended to conceal any of the above

Actions that:



Stakeholders



Affected by our 

operations



Having a vested 

interest in our 

sustainability or 

ESG performance



Holding public 

positions that 

influence our 

activities. 


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

12 

 

The primary interests and concerns of stakeholders are considered in the Group’s strategy, 

management decisions and operations. DFI aims to constantly improve the implementation of its 

stakeholder engagement programme. The interests and key concerns, engagement method and 

frequency of engagement for the respective stakeholder groups are presented in the following table.  

 

Stakeholder 

Group 

Engagement platforms 

Frequency 

Interests and Key Concerns 

Customers 

 Corporate website 

 Feedback forms 

 Social media 

 Loyalty programme 

 Continuously 

 Continuously 

 Continuously 

 Continuously 

Quality of products and 

services, product prices and 

promotions 

Employees 

 Annual performance 

review 

 Intranet portal 

 Email communications  

 Internal meetings 

 Annually 

 

 Continuously 

 Continuously 

 As needed 

Job-related training and 

development, work-life 

balance, employment 

benefits, performance 

appraisal and reward system 

Board of 

Directors 

 Board meetings 

 

 Email communications 

 Quarterly and 

Annually 

 As needed 

Regulatory compliance, 

economic performance, 

corporate governance and 

risk review 

Government 

 Formal meetings 

 Dialogues 

 As needed 

 As needed 

Regulatory compliance, 

economic performance, and 

societal welfare 

Investors 

 Media release 

 Investor relations 

roadshow 

 SGX* announcements 

 Dialogues 

 Annual Reports 

 Quarterly 

 As needed 

 

 Quarterly/as needed 

 As needed 

 Annually 

Regulatory compliance, 

financial performance, new 

development of the Group 

return on investment and 

dividend distribution 

Suppliers 

 Meetings and 

dialogues 

 Email communications 

 Trade fairs and events  

 As needed 

 

 Continuously 

 Annually 

Product knowledge, events, 

partnerships, compliance and 

performance against contract 

terms 

Financiers 

 Financial reports 

 Regular meetings 

 Annually  

 As needed 

Compliance with financiers’ 

terms and conditions and 

financial performance 

 

 

 

 

 


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

13 

 

 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

Materiality assessments are the backbone of sustainability reporting. They help the Group to identify 

material issues which matters most to the Group’s business and stakeholders. DFI has adopted the 

following process for its materiality assessment: 

 

The carefully planned and executed process allows the Group to align internal and external 

perspectives, identify areas for potential optimisation and further develop the sustainability-related 

management approach and reporting.  

 

DFI commissioned an external consultant to conduct a materiality assessment in the last financial 

quarter of FY2020 to identify the material sustainability topics from both the Group and its stakeholders’ 

perspectives. The main stakeholder groups included in DFI’s materiality assessment and the 

subsequent definition of the topics are employees, customers, suppliers, investors, financiers, media, 

local communities, government, regulators, certification bodies and other formal organisations. The 

sustainability topics identified for the materiality assessment covers the following topics: 





Step 3: 

Validation

Obtained Board of 

Directors' input on 

the relevance of 

identified material 

issues





Step 2:   

Prioritisation

Conducted online 

survey across 8 

stakeholder 

groups and Board 

of Directors





Step 1:   

Identification

Identified key 

issues and

defined 

stakeholders

• Value

• Development

Economic



• Energy

• Water

Environment



• Workplace

• Customer

Social


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

14 

 

 

Material sustainability matters were plotted on a materiality matrix. This matrix shows their relative 

position according to the degree of stakeholder interest and potential business impact. The materiality 

matrix formalises our approach to reporting and prioritises our responsible business efforts. Following a 

review in FY2021, the materiality matrix was deemed current and relevant to both the businesses and 

the external environment.  

 

DFI Group Materiality Matrix 

 



Governance



Corporate

Regulatory

Risk 

Management



Economic



Economic 

performance

Procurement 

practices

Nation building 

and industry 

advancement



Environment



Energy efficiency

Water 

management



Social



Employee wellness, 

engagement and 

satisfaction

Occupational safety and 

health

Talent management

Non-discrimination and 

diversity

Employee benefits

Customer satisfaction

Data privacy

Community care




 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

15 

 

MAPPING OUR SUSTAINABILITY FOCUS AREAS AGAINST THE UNSDGS 

 

Adopted by all United Nations Member States in 2015, the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development 

shared 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). These SDGs are a blueprint for peace and 

prosperity for people and the planet. Ending poverty and other deprivations must go hand-in-hand with 

strategies that improve health and education, reduce inequality, spur economic growth while tackling 

climate change and working to preserve our oceans and forests. 

DFI supports the United Nation’s 2030 agenda and contributes to some degree to SDGs which 

addresses economic growth, social inclusion and environmental protection. DFI’s sustainability 

framework concentrated on areas that: 

 

Have the greatest positive impact on the environment and communities; 

 

Improve associate engagement; 

 

Address the major risks and compliance requirements; and  

 

Are important to customers, suppliers and other stakeholders.  

Focus 

Areas 

What We Do 

Relevant GRI Indicators 

Relevant SDGs 

People 

 Manage and identify 

business impacts on 

employees, workers in 

the value chain, 

customers and local 

communities.  

 Attractive and safe 

working environments 

accorded to employees 

along with fair and 

competitive wages. 

 Mutually respectful 

working atmosphere that 

appreciates all 

individuals.  

 Employee development 

through a broad range of 

in-house and external 

training and other 

development 

opportunities. 

 401-2: Benefits provided 

to full-time employees 

 403-5: Worker training 

on occupational safety 

and health 

 403-8: Workers covered 

by an occupational 

health and safety 

management system 

 403-9: Work-related 

injuries 

 404-1: Average hours of 

training per year per 

employee 

 404-2: Programmes for 

upgrading employee 

skills 

 416-1: Assessment of 

health and safety 

impacts of product and 

service categories 

 

 

 

 

 

 










 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

16 

 

Focus 

Areas 

What We Do 

Relevant GRI Indicators 

Relevant SDGs 

Planet 

 Committed to 

environmental aspects 

by conducting our 

business in an energy 

efficient manner.  

 302-1: Energy 

consumption within the 

organisation 

 302-4: Reduction of 

energy consumption 

 303-5: Water consumption  

 306-2: Waste by type and 

disposal method 

 

 

 

 

Profit 

 Create and distribute 

economic value to 

stakeholders and 

ultimately reflecting our 

commitment to growth 

through performance 

excellence. 

 201-1: Direct economic 

value generated and 

distributed 

 203-2: Significant indirect 

economic impacts 

 204-1: Proportion of 

spending on local 

suppliers  

 205-2: Communication 

and training on anti-

corruption policies and 

procedures 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 












 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

17 

 

ECONOMIC 

 

 

Our Management Approach 

DFI’s Economic pillar of sustainability include compliance, proper governance and risk management. 

Economic sustainability requires that a business uses its resources efficiently and responsibly so that it 

can operate in a sustainable manner to consistently produce operational profit. The policies, principles, 

commitments, monitoring and control systems below are measures the Group have established to 

ensure good governance within the Group. DFI goes beyond adherence and compliance. Various 

mechanisms are put in place to evaluate the Group’s performance and identify potential solutions. They 

include reporting, audit, assessment and training. 

 

 

DFI remains one of the largest duty-free trading groups in Malaysia. Its duty-free and duty-paid retail 

outlets with its premium travel retail brand, The Zon, are strategically located across Peninsular 

Malaysia. A duty-free retail specialist with over 42 years of experience, as illustrated on page 2 of DFI’s 

Annual Report for financial year ended 28 February 2021 (“AR FY2021”), The Zon has an extensive 

presence at all leading entry and exit points, international airports, seaports, international ferry terminals, 





Policies, Principles and Commitments



•Singapore Financial Reporting Standards 

(FRSs)

•Companies Act, Chapter 50 (the “Act”)

•Singapore Code of Corporate 

Governance

•Requirements by Singapore Stock 

Exchange on sustainability disclosures

•Code of Conduct 



Monitoring and Control Systems 



•Financial reporting 

•Internal audit

•Risk assessment

•Compliance training

•Whistle-blowing

Retail Outlet at Bukit Kayu Hitam 


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

18 

 

border towns and popular tourist destinations in Peninsular Malaysia. Together with DFI’s subsidiary, 

Brand Connect Holding Pte. Ltd. and its group of subsidiaries, DFI is able to develop and expand its 

beverage distribution business and market operations beyond the current sales channels in the 

Malaysian duty-free market to include Singapore and South East Asia’s duty-paid market. All these 

outlets are centrally managed in Kuala Lumpur and Penang, Malaysia. 

 

ECONOMIC IMPACT OF DUTY FREE RETAIL 

 

Duty free and travel retail contributes significantly to the global economy. The popularity of the travel 

and tourism industry is one of the primary growth factors of the duty-free and travel retail market. 

However, the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak took the world by surprise in early 2020, disrupting many 

lives and causing major economic upheavals, globally. Travel and tourism came to a standstill as a 

result of massive travel restrictions imposed to contain the spread of the COVID-19 virus. Given the far-

reaching effects of COVID-19, especially the movement restrictions, international border closures and 

other control measures imposed by the authorities, DFI Group’s economic performance for FY2021 was 

also significantly affected. To mitigate the pandemic’s impact on the Group’s business and ensure the 

safety and well-being of employees, the Group had to implement tough but necessary cost containment 

measures which included closing down non-performing outlets, suspending non-essential capital 

expenditures, downsizing manpower and optimising operating overheads.  

The outlook for the coming financial year is expected to be challenging and highly uncertain due to the 

global economic crisis, travel restrictions and consumers’ cautious spending. The duration of the global 

COVID-19 pandemic is unpredictable; there is no indication of the recovery timeline for the duty-free 

industry.  

Strategic planning, resource allocation and further cost optimisation will help DFI face business 

challenges. Despite the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic, which adversely affected the Group’s 

performance, the Group continues to maintain a strong and robust balance sheet. The Group will 

maintain its controlled approach to cost discipline while awaiting travel activities to resume. The Group 

will also remain viable, cautiously prudent, vigilant and responsive to market changes to minimise the 

negative financial impact the pandemic has on its core operations.  

DFI pursued sustainable profits through revenue generation by contributing to its stakeholders through 

various activities such as generating employment opportunities and servicing taxes. The Group’s value 

distribution to its different stakeholders is presented in the following table.  

 

 

 

 


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

19 

 

RM ('000) 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY2021 

Economic Value Generated* 

113,866 

83,300 

3,294 

Economic Value Distributed 

 

- Employees (Salary and other benefits) 

36,720 

36,250 

21,928 

- Government (Income tax) 

16,097 

13,479 

7,519 

- Providers of capital (Dividends and finance 

costs) 

75,067 

25,315 

6,183 

- Community (Donations) 

3,072 

1,110 

750 

Total Economic Value Distributed 

130,956 

76,154 

31,380 

Note: * Represents revenue and other income, net off operating expenses. 

Further insights into the Group’s economic performance for FY2021 can be found on pages 42 to 126 

of DFI’s AR FY2021. 

 

SUPPORTING LOCAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT 

 

As the largest local duty-free retailing Group in Malaysia, DFI has contributed to local economic 

development at various business locations. The Group’s operations create value and opportunities by 

supporting the employment, training and advancement of local residents. DFI’s local economic 

development practices focus on training, hiring local staff and developing infrastructure. Driven by this 

ambition, DFI helps strengthen the local socio-economic base, furthering the development of industrial 

capacity and facilitating skills transfer. More than 99% of staff working at our outlets are local residents.  

 

DFI’s Integrated Approach to Local Economic Development 

 

DFI’s responsibilities extend beyond its own direct activities by ensuring suppliers of goods and services 

behave responsibly towards society and the environment. Suppliers and business partners must adhere 

to the law, stipulated contract conditions and international best practices in respect of human rights, the 

environment, health and safety, and labour standards.  

 

 



Hiring staff from local 

communities 





Developing local markets by  

engaging local suppliers, contractors 

and business partners whenever 

possible




 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

20 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

 

Our Management Approach 

Environmental sustainability means that we are living within the means of our natural resources. DFI’s 

policies, principles, commitments, monitoring and control systems ensure that the Group consumes 

natural resources at a sustainable rate. The Group complies with all relevant environmental laws. In 

addition, the Group has adopted a monitoring and tracking system on resources used. 

 

 

DFI Group’s operational energy consumption has been high in its retail operations outlets, which are 

located in highly regulated locations such as airports, seaports, international ferry terminals, border 

towns and popular tourist destinations. Primary environmental aspects are related to energy use and 

waste generation. DFI’s target is to manage these aspects effectively in order to minimise environmental 

impact. Fuel use and the energy consumed by outlets, logistics, packaging and other waste are the main 

aspects considered.  

 

RESOURCES MANAGEMENT 

 

The majority of utilities such as energy and water used in outlets rented from third party landlords cannot 

be directly changed or influenced by DFI. The Group’s business operations optimise in-store lighting, 

ambient temperature and compound lighting to create a luxury shopping experience. Food and beverage 

refrigeration, screen displays and other energy-consuming devices also consume considerable energy.  





Policies, Principles and Commitments



• Environmental Policy

• Environmental Act and relevant laws



Monitoring and Control Systems



• Energy consumption monitoring

• Solar panel performance tracking system

Solar Panel at Bukit Kayu Hitam Outlet 


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

21 

 

Energy efficiency can be influenced the greatest when redesigning stores such as: 

 

Substituting traditional lighting with more energy-efficient lighting systems on the ceiling and 

furniture displays; and 

 

Using A-rated electronic devices for air conditioning and refrigerators in our stores.  

 

Energy-Saving Measures at DFI 

 

 

Electricity Consumption at DFI Group 

 

 

RENEWABLE ENERGY 

The Group first installed solar panels at its Bukit Kayu Hitam outlet in FY2019. The Group continued to 

improve its energy efficiency by installing solar panels at its Padang Besar outlet in FY2020.  



Replacing traditional lighting with LED and low energy 

bulbs on ceilings and displays





Purchasing energy-efficient appliances such as air 

conditioners and fridges





Changing to differential switches to minimise 

consumption during closing hours





Internal manual monitoring of resources and shutting 

down the power supply to unused operational areas













5,179

5,053

1,733

 FY2019

 FY2020

 FY2021

Electricity (MWh)


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

22 

 

Factors Influencing Our Renewable Energy Initiative 

 

Solar power is produced by collecting sunlight and converting it into electricity. Solar energy helps to 

reduce the Group’s electricity consumption as well as enabling DFI to manage its environmental footprint 

by using renewable energy.  

The installed solar panels’ performance is tracked using a vendor’s photovoltaic (PV) system — Sunny 

Portal. Key system data can be accessed and analysed remotely in real-time. The monitoring 

mechanism measures both the overall consumption of internal power and external energy as power is 

generated for self-consumption. 

This energy data is available on a daily, monthly and yearly basis and includes historical data. The 

system can also detect minor deviations and resolve them quickly. There is also a built-in community 

portal for DFI to benchmark its PV system data with other peer users.  

 

 

WATER MANAGEMENT 

Lost water equals increased expenditure. Between 30% and 50% of water is lost through ageing 

infrastructure such as leaking pipes and fittings. As most infrastructure is underground, it is virtually 

impossible to visually find these leaks unless the water reaches the surface.  

The accumulation of losses may be significant and even small leaks may result in considerable losses 

over time. The Group monitors its water bills and consumption for early leak detection.  





Increasing energy demand 

and high oil price



Reducing our environmental 

footprint and conserve the 

planet

Description 

FY2019 

savings 

FY2020 

savings 

FY2021 

savings 

Solar installed capacity (kWp) 

353 

565 

565 

Total electricity generated (MWh) 

398 

613 

491 

Monthly average electricity savings (MWh) 

41 

51 

41 

Monthly average cost savings (RM) 

20,955 

25,969 

20,835 


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

23 

 

Water usage for the Group’s operations is considered minimal; however, the Group strive to minimise it 

whenever possible. Memos and notices are displayed in toilets to remind employees and visitors to save 

water and turn off taps that are not in use.  

 

WASTE MANAGEMENT 

 

The waste produced by our retail shops is mostly packing materials which are properly disposed of and 

recycled where possible. We collaborate with sustainability teams at airports and terminals to further 

improve recycling systems and reduce wastage.  

 

Some of our Waste Reduction Initiatives 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





Replace traditional shopping bags with reusable bags





Coach retail staff to ask customers if they need a bag





Replace plastic shopping bags with biodegradable recycled bags at certain outlets





Minimise paper printing, encourage electronic storage of documents and practice 

double-sided printing





Separation of waste to assist recycling





Reusing cartons and pallets used to transport and protect products


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

24 

 

SOCIAL 

 

 

Coexisting with the community and devising ways of expanding our contribution beyond business 

activities are important parts of being a good corporate citizen. Over the years, we have developed 

community programmes that deliver our aspirations of supporting fair employment, creating 

opportunities for young people, helping staff champion causes that are important to them and engaging 

with local charities.  

 

Our Management Approach 

Achieving social sustainability ensures that social wellbeing of a community can be maintained in the 

long term. At DFI, this comes down to treating employees fairly, delivering excellent shopping 

experience to our customers and being a good community member. Various policies and principles are 

in place which set clear expectations for the Group’s employees. The Group also has monitoring and 

control systems to benchmark the Group’s performance internally and externally. 

 





Policies, Principles and Commitments



• Code of Conduct

• Employee Handbook

• Sponsorship Guidelines

• Training policy

• Employment Act and other labour laws

• Quality procedures and certifications

• Standard Operating Procedure (SOPs)



Monitoring and Control Systems



• Employee performance evaluation

• Grievance mechanism

• Employees satisfaction study

• Customer satisfaction survey

Ensuring outlet cleanliness 


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

25 

 

VALUING OUR EMPLOYEES AND PROTECTING THEIR RIGHTS 

 

DFI has provided customers with travel essentials and speciality items in the region for over 42 years. 

Employees embody DFI’s core values of passion, service, dedication, trust, innovation and teamwork. 

They bring DFI’s core purpose, of being a traveller’s exclusive duty-free retail provider, to life. DFI’s 

growth would not be possible without the ability to attract, identify, hire and retain strong talent. 

Employees are encouraged to work together and focus on customers, supply chain partners and 

corporate goals at all times. DFI is proud of the teams’ professionalism and outstanding commitment to 

providing a first-class service to customers. Collaborating closely with supply chain partners, employees’ 

team spirit helps builds a strong base for the Group’s continuous success.  

DFI offers attractive working environments, interesting tasks as well as fair and competitive wages. Our 

general working atmosphere epitomises mutual respect and appreciation for the individual. Supporting 

a broad range of in-house and external training and development opportunities helps foster employee 

development. 

 

SALARY AND BENEFIT 

 

DFI complies with local labour legislation in all countries of operations. Any agreements that specify 

remuneration-related matters such as minimum wages and separate supplements such as overtime pay 

are honoured. Employees receive total remuneration that is aligned with the labour market in the 

respective country. A fixed base salary is supplemented with allowances and a variable bonus that links 

total remuneration to performance. DFI also offers a range of benefits including attractive monetary 

reward, medical benefits, leave, insurance and hospitalisation and other fringe benefits.  

Benefits Provided to all Full-time Employees 

 













Annual

leave,

sick

leave,

hospitalisation

leave,

maternity and

patenity leave, marriage leave, compassionate leave, calamity leave,

rest day and public holidays



LEAVE

Salary,

bonuses,

allowances,

increments,

incentives,

claims,

overtime



MONETARY

Outpatient treatment and prolonged illness benefits, medical expense

reimbursement



MEDICAL

Employee Provident Fund (EPF), Social Security Scheme (SOCSO)

and

Employee

Insurance

Fund

(EIS)

in

Malaysia,

Statutory

contributions to Central Provident Fund (CPF) in Singapore



STATUTORY 

CONTRIBUTIONS 

Group personal accident (GPA), Group hospitalisation and surgical

insurance scheme



INSURANCE

Accommodation, transportation, meal allowance, uniform, employee

purchase discounts, handphone allowance, professional association

benefits



OTHER FRINGE 

BENEFITS


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

26 

 

COMPENSATING OUR PEOPLE FAIRLY 

 

The economic consequences of COVID-19 have been formidable to all businesses globally. The 

pandemic has also devastated communities and affected people in different ways. As a business, DFI 

Group has experienced damaging economic consequences, including store closures and job losses. 

The Group implemented tough but necessary cost containment measures to mitigate the impact of the 

COVID-19 pandemic such as closing down non-performing outlets, downsizing manpower and 

optimising operating overheads. In year 2020, DFI Group offered a Voluntary Separation Scheme 

(“VSS”) and employees applying for the VSS programme were compensated in accordance with 

appropriate labour laws.  

Despite the severity of COVID-19 on the Group’s performance, DFI continues to place the Group’s 

employees’ well-being at heart. Since year 2011, through its charity arm, Yayasan Harmoni (a non-profit 

tax-exempt organisation), the Group had set – up “Sumbangan Bantuan Persekolahan”, or school aid 

contribution, which helped qualified employees with their children’s expenses for the new schooling year 

annually. A total of 281 employees’ children benefited from this financial aid in FY2021.   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Outlet at Johor 


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

27 

 

TALENT MANAGEMENT 

 

Regularly planning the next career steps with individual employees is an important aspect of a long-

term, successful employer-employee relationship. Building constructive dialogue between each 

individual employee and manager on goals, priorities and personal development is essential. Each 

employee (100%) receives an annual performance review to evaluate their performance and identify 

further personal development potential for their next career steps.  

Some employees were transferred and reallocated to other business units or entities due to the 

temporary closure of shops in FY2021. This approach developed employees’ career paths and provided 

them with experience in other areas of their current division.  

DFI is fully committed to empowering its talent at all levels and aims to offer opportunities for employees 

to grow and develop successful careers within the Group. Unfortunately, most physical training 

programmes were postponed in FY2021 due to the COVID-19 standard operating procedures (SOPs). 

Face-to-face seminars, courses and training were all categorised as prohibited activities.  

Employees are encouraged to participate in online courses conducted by industry experts to increase 

their experience and improve their job performance. In FY2021, 1,366 total training hours were recorded 

covering areas such as regulatory compliance, retail and services, safety and product knowledge.  

 

DFI's training statistics 

 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY2021 

Number of training programmes 

79 

68 

22 

Total investment in training (RM) 

101,176 

125,950 

9,055 

Number of training hours 

4,884 

9,248 

1,366 

Average number of training hours per year 

per employee 

6 

12 

4 

 

 

 

 

 

 




 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

28 

 

EQUAL EMPLOYMENT 

 

DFI fosters a culture of equal opportunity. Providing equal employment conditions and offering career 

opportunities without discrimination to all employees are integral parts of our Human Resources policy. 

Working environments are nurtured where everyone receives equal treatment regardless of gender, 

colour, ethnic or national origins, disability, age, marital status, sexual orientation or religion. DFI 

adheres to local legislation and regulations where the Group operates. DFI’s clear recruitment 

procedures strictly forbid child labour or forced labour in any form. 

 

Employee turnover at DFI 

 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY2021 

By gender 

Male 

109 

113 

190 

Female 

110 

104 

249 

By Age Group 

&lt;30 years 

136 

134 

186 

30-50 years 

58 

57 

183 

&gt;50 years 

25 

26 

70 

Total employee 

turnover rate (%) 

26% 

29% 

127% 

 

 

 The following figures offer a glimpse of the diversity and balance of workforce in DFI. 

 

 









825

756

345

FY2019

FY2020

FY2021

Workforce Strength



FY2019



FY2020



FY2021















393

362

197

432

394

148

FY2019

FY2020

FY2021

Workforce by Gender



Male



Female


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

29 

 

 

Breakdown of New Hires by Gender and Age Group 

New Hires 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY2021 

Number of employees  

By gender 

Male 

125 

89 

31 

Female 

113 

83 

21 

By Age Group 

&lt;30 years 

170 

114 

20 

30-50 years 

50 

39 

15 

&gt;50 years 

18 

19 

17 

 

Women Empowerment 

 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY2021 

% Women in Middle Management 

58% 

44% 

60% 



% Women in Senior Management 

32% 

29% 

33% 















770

712

323

55

44

22

0

0

0

FY2019

FY2020

FY2021

Workforce by Employment Type



Permanent



Contract

Part-time















316

262

81

384

368

181

125

126

83

FY2019

FY2020

FY2021

Workforce by Age



&lt;30 years



30-50 years

&gt;50 years













56%

26%

4%

14%

Workforce by Ethnicity



Malay



Chinese



Indian



Others


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

30 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

 

Employees’ health and safety is the Group’s top priority. The majority of the Group’s workforce operates 

in airports, seaports, downtown, border towns and popular tourist destinations. Workplace safety is 

reinforced through regular learning.  Fire safety and first aid training courses teach prevention and quick, 

correct reactions in cases of emergency.  

Slips, trips and falls, lifting and carrying heavy loads, and standing for long periods of time are some of 

the ways employees may be injured at work. Safety briefings and awareness sessions covering all these 

areas are delivered regularly to remind employees of safe ways of working with minimised risks of 

occupational injuries. Employees who work on the floor are reminded of the importance of wearing 

suitable footwear.  

DFI also conducts monthly inspections of all electrical and fire emergency systems including fire alarms, 

emergency lights, exit signs, automatic sprinklers, pressurised hydrants, wet and dry risers and hose 

reel systems. A third-party service and maintenance company performs monthly inspections of its 

machine room, lift and escalators to ensure that they are functioning optimally at all times. 

DFI’s formal safety and health policy aims to provide a safe and environmentally-friendly operation for 

all employees, customers and the public. 

SAFETY AND HEALTH POLICY 

We are committed to ensure a safe and healthy working environment with no risks to its employees, 

customers and all individuals who deal with it.  

In our effort to uphold DFI as a first-choice duty free shop, with its main target of achieving zero 

accident, DFI will: 

1. Ensure that all legal requirements related to safety and health issues are observed. 

2. Always perform continuous changes and development in its efforts to ensure DFI a safe and 

healthy working environment without any risks of injuries and free from work-related diseases. 

3. Provide training and information in ensuring safety and health awareness among employees 

and individuals concerned. 

4. Foster cooperation from all parties concerned in an effort to achieve the target of zero 

accident at the workplace. 

5. Develop and maintain a safe and healthy workplace culture by practicing “Best Safety 

Practices” among employees at DFI. 

 

We are pleased to report that there were no cases of serious injuries, accidents or breach of safety 

standards reported during this reporting period.  

 


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

31 

 

SOCIETY 

 

 

DFI works closely with the communities in which it operates to identify and invest in initiatives that help 

support their needs. Collaborating with local stakeholders, the Group invests in programmes that boost 

the local economy. However, in FY2021, DFI’s priority focus was on the Group’s employees. DFI is 

responsible for their safety and wellbeing, especially during these uncertain times. In addition to the 

financial aids disbursements mentioned above, the Group implemented the standard operating 

procedures issued by the authorities to manage the pandemic for all employees at the Group’s outlets 

and offices. The Group replaced face-to-face meetings with regular virtual meetings and gatherings to 

protect employees’ well-being. 

 

CUSTOMER-FOCUSED ACROSS OPERATIONS 

 

DFI is committed to providing customers with the best retail experience in all the Group’s outlets. In 

DFI’s goal of creating a unique shopping experience, the Group constantly works towards delivering the 

best customer service and being recognised as a renowned travel retail partner by our stakeholders.  

 

CREATING A UNIQUE SHOPPING EXPERIENCE 

 

Above all, DFI is a travel retailer and has acquired considerable knowledge and expertise built in this 

field over the years. DFI has unique brand outlet concepts across the country. Operating stores in the 

format of renowned brands helps meet their needs in each travel application.  



SOP Compliance 


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

32 

 

The general travel retail outlet is the most commonly used concept at DFI - a full range of product 

categories comprising perfumes and cosmetics, food and confectionery, wines and spirits, jewellery, 

fashion, leather, tobacco goods, souvenirs and electronics. Each section within an outlet is dedicated to 

each product category with a highly-trained employee stationed to offer expert advice.  

DFI is a partner of choice for global brands, allowing them to showcase their products in dedicated retail 

spaces and mirror their high street image. These shops are either designed as standalone boutiques or 

an integrated shop-in-shop in the Group’s general travel retail stores to meet each location’s travellers’ 

profile effectively.  

 

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION AND LOYALTY 

 

Customers are the focus and heart of all DFI outlets. As such, forming long-term relationships with 

customers boosts customer loyalty. DFI offers an extensive range of value-added service from the point 

of pre-sale to after-sales.  

 

Customers’ perspectives and areas that matter most to them must always be prioritised. Regular, 

personalised customer engagement is maintained through informal communications during visits, 

telephone calls, emails and active engagement on social media channels.  

 

 

REWARDING CUSTOMER LOYALTY 

 

The ZON Community Loyalty Programme appreciates and rewards loyal customers for their continuous 

support and keeps them updated on the ongoing promotions at the Group’s outlets. ZON Community 

Cardholders enjoy exclusive members’ discounts and benefits. Other exciting activities designed to 

appreciate customers’ loyalty are presented below.  






 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

33 

 

Other Exciting Activities to Appreciate Customer Loyalty 

 

Supporting Team Members and Customers 

 

 

 

 

DFI’S COMMITMENT 

 

Since early 2020, the world has witnessed an unprecedented transformation and disruption of the 

worldwide travel industry due to COVID-19. Global travel restrictions are in place and travel-related 

industry came to a halt as a result of the pandemic. Given the challenges, the Group’s focus remains 

on strategic planning, resource allocation and further cost optimisation to prepare for future challenges. 

Concurrently, DFI is committed to adopting all guidelines provided by the respective governments and 

local authorities of the countries or states where the Group’s outlets operate in order to create a safe 

environment for employees and customers.  



In-store activations



price activities, brand 

promotions and 

thematic activations



Digital activations



using digital tools and 

social media



Extensive partnerships



with banks, financial 

providers, digital 

wallets, tour groups, 

agents and other local 

partnerships for a 

blissful shopping 

experience



For Employees



•Providing frontline employees with 

personal protective equipment and other 

safety measures including face masks, 

gloves, face shields and sanitiser

•Implementing enhanced outlet cleaning 

protocols and standardised social 

distancing guidelines to ensure in-store 

health and hygiene while maintaining 

crowd control

•Extending benefits to help employees 

cope with the impact of COVID-19

•Continuing to support the mental, 

emotional and overall well-being of 

employees

•Limiting support personnel's physical 

attendance in the office and adopting a 

remote work environment



For Customers



Implementing social distancing measures 

in all outlets and using floor decals and 

store signage

Promoting the use of face masks for 

customers entering our outlets

Suspending all in-store experiences such 

as sampling and product testing

Encouraging cashless payments to 

minimise contact

Supplying outlets with personal health and 

safety products including sanitiser and 

disinfectant wipes


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

34 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

 

 

Page Number 

GRI 102: General Disclosures 

1. Organisational profile 

Disclosure 102-1 Name of the organisation 

Front cover 

Disclosure 102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

4 

Disclosure 102-3 Location of headquarters 

18 

Disclosure 102-4 Location of operations 

4, AR FY2021 (2) 

Disclosure 102-5 Ownership and legal form 

5 

Disclosure 102-6 Markets served 

4, AR FY2021 (2) 

Disclosure 102-7 Scale of the organisation 

5 

Disclosure 102-8 Information on employees and other workers 

25 

Disclosure 102-9 Supply chain 

18-19 

Disclosure 102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

There were no 

significant changes 

to the organisation 

and its supply chain 

during this financial 

year. 

Disclosure 102-11 Precautionary Principle or approach 

13-14, AR FY2021 

(17, 30-34) 

Disclosure 102-12 External initiatives 

9-11 

Disclosure 102-13 Membership of associations 

Member of 

Malaysia Retailers 

Associations, 

Singapore 

Business 

Federation 

2. Strategy 

Disclosure 102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker 

3 

Disclosure 102-15 Key impacts, risks, and opportunities 

AR FY2021 (116-

121) 

3. Ethics and integrity 

Disclosure 102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

8-11, 18, 22, 27 

Disclosure 102-17 Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics 

9-10 

4. Governance 

Disclosure 102-18 Governance structure 

8-9 

Disclosure 102-19 Delegating authority 

8-9 

Disclosure 102-20 Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, 

and social topics 

8-9 


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

35 

 

 

Page Number 

4. Governance (cont’d) 

 

Disclosure 102-21 Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, and 

social topics 

11-12 

Disclosure 102-22 Composition of the highest governance body and its 

committees 

8-9 

Disclosure 102-23 Chair of the highest governance body 

8-9 

Disclosure 102-24 Nominating and selecting the highest governance body 

8-9 

Disclosure 102-25 Conflicts of interest 

9-10 

Disclosure 102-26 Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values, 

and strategy 

8-9 

Disclosure 102-31 Review of economic, environmental, and social topics 

8-9 

Disclosure 102-32 Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting 

8-9 

5. Stakeholder engagement 

Disclosure 102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable 

Disclosure 102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

11 

Disclosure 102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

11-12 

Disclosure 102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

11-12 

6. Reporting practice 

Disclosure 102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

AR FY2021 (88-91) 

Disclosure 102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

6-7 

Disclosure 102-47 List of material topics 

13-14 

Disclosure 102-48 Restatements of information 

Not applicable 

Disclosure 102-49 Changes in reporting 

6 

Disclosure 102-50 Reporting period 

6 

Disclosure 102-51 Date of most recent report 

6 

Disclosure 102-52 Reporting cycle 

6 

Disclosure 102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

7 

Disclosure 102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

6-7 

Disclosure 102-55 GRI content index 

34-36 

Disclosure 102-56 External assurance 

7 

 

 

 

 

 


 

Duty Free International Limited / Sustainability Report 2021 

 

 

 

 

36 

 

 

Page Number 

GRI 200: ECONOMIC 

201: Economic 

Performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

19 

203: Indirect Economic 

Impacts 

203-2 

Significant indirect economic impacts 

19-20 

205: Anti-corruption 

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures 

10-11 

GRI 300: ENVIRONMENTAL 

302: Energy 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organisation 

20-22 

302-4 

Reduction of energy consumption 

21-22 

GRI 400: SOCIAL 

401: Employment 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

28-29 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full-time employees that 

are not provided to temporary or part-time 

employees 

25-26 

403: Occupational 

Health and Safety 

403-5 

Worker training on occupational health and 

safety 

30 

403-9 

Work-related injuries 

30 

404: Training and 

Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per 

employee 

27 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programs 

27 

404-3 

Percentage of employees receiving regular 

performance and career development reviews 

27 

405: Diversity and 

Equal Opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

28-29 

405-2 

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of 

women to men 

1:1 

406: Non-

discrimination 

406-1 

Incidents of discrimination and corrective 

actions taken 

28 

413: Local 

Communities 

413-1 

Operations with local community engagement, 

impact assessments, and development 

programs 

33 

 

