
1 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

DYNA-MAC SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 

 




2 

 

CONTENT 

 

CONTENT ............................................................................................................ 2 

 

 

INTRODUCTION .................................................................................................. 3 

 

 

About Dyna-Mac ............................................................................................... 3 

 

 

BOARD STATEMENT ......................................................................................... 5 

 

 

Our Approach .................................................................................................... 6 

 

 

Sustainability Leadership ............................................................................... 6 

 

 

Stakeholder Engagement ............................................................................... 7 

 

 

Materiality Assessment .................................................................................. 8 

 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ............................................................................ 10 

 

 

FAIR EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES ...................................................................... 11 

 

 

OUR PEOPLE …………………………………………………………………………. 14 

 

 

HEALTH AND SAFETY ........................................................................................ 15 

 

 

ENERGY AND CARBON FOOTPRINT ................................................................ 27 

 

 

WASTE AND EFFLUENTS MANAGEMENT ........................................................ 31 

 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX ......................................................................................... 34 


3 

 

INTRODUCTION 

 

About Dyna-Mac 

 

Headquartered in Singapore and listed on the Mainboard of the 

Singapore Exchange, Dyna-Mac Holdings Ltd. and its subsidiaries 

(“Dyna-Mac” or “Group”) is a global leader in the engineering, 

procurement, 

fabrication 

and 

construction 

of 

offshore 

floating 

production storage offloading (FPSO) and floating storage offloading 

(FSO) topside modules as well as onshore plants and other sub-sea 

products for the oil and gas industries. 

 

Transformation for Growth 

 

As the industry evolves, we aim to stay ahead by harnessing our facilities and 

diverse strengths. We are capable of delivering an end-to-end EPC (Engineering, 

Procurement and Construction) supply chain on Lump Sum turnkey basis. We are 

also venturing into new areas like LNG (liquefied natural gas) modules and 

renewable energy. By diversifying our core capabilities, Dyna-Mac is poised to move 

up the value chain and meet the changing demands of industry.  

 

To fortify our strategic presence, we actively partner with leading institutes and 

specialists abroad, as well as with world engineering leaders in executing large EPC 

projects in both local and international markets. These deep partnerships enable 

Dyna-Mac to expand our operations to stay closer to our clients and project 

locations, develop new capabilities as well as training opportunities while expanding 

our production capacity to undertake larger and more complex projects. 

 

Dyna-Mac has made commendable achievements in productivity over the years 

through infrastructure enhancements, innovation and training. To further enhance 

efficiency, product quality and reduce reliance on manual labour, we strive to 

leverage automation in our fabrication process through automated CNC beam-

cutting and edge-rounding machines, as well as a semiautomatic production line for 

pipe fabrication and beam fabrication of various sizes. 

 




4 

 

Corporate Vision &amp; Mission 

 

A global leader in providing reliable, affordable products and services of 

unsurpassed quality for the oil &amp; gas industries.  

 

We will achieve this by upholding the highest levels of quality, safety, reliability and 

service excellence. 

 

Corporate Core Values 

 

Our core values support the vision, shape the culture and chart the direction of the 

Group. Putting these values into practice creates benefits for customers, employees, 

partners and the communities we serve. 

 

• Integrity 

• Customer Focus 

• People Development 

• Health, Safety and Environment 

• Positive Attitude 

• Teamwork 

 


5 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

At Dyna-Mac, sustainability means building businesses that deliver 

long-term shareholder value and growth. In order to achieve this, we 

aim to adopt a disciplined and accountable approach founded on high 

standards of corporate governance and integrity. 

 

The Board of Directors (“Board”) incorporates long-term consideration of 

environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) issues when formulating Dyna-Mac’s 

sustainability strategies. In doing so, we strive to create value for our shareholders, 

as well as customers, employees, suppliers, contractors, partners and the 

communities in which we operate in.  

 

In the process of formulating our sustainability report, the Board recognises the 

importance of sustainability practices and how it can benefit our business 

operations and performance, and oversees the identification of ESG material topics 

that are pertinent to our business and aligns with our long-term business targets. 

 

Through the development of this report, the Board works closely with the 

Management for the monitoring and management of these ESG material topics. 

 

Dyna-Mac demonstrates its continuous commitment to sustainability through its 

second sustainability report for the period 1 January 2018 to 31 December 2018 and 

shall publish its report by May 2019. The report will focus on our sustainability 

strategies and covers our environmental, social and governance performance across 

our operations in Singapore for 2018. In line with the Group’s commitment to 

environmental sustainability, no hardcopies of the report will be printed. The report 

can be viewed on our website: http://www.dyna-mac.com/sustainability/sustainability-

reports/. 

 


6 

 

Our Approach 

 

Sustainability Leadership 

 

At Dyna-Mac, sustainability leadership starts with a tone at the top. We 

believe that every individual in Dyna-Mac plays an important role in 

ensuring that sustainability is embedded deeply within everything we 

do. To that end, we have taken steps to put in place a systematic 

monitoring and reporting process. 

 

We are committed to conduct our business in a responsible and sustainable 

manner. A Sustainability Steering Committee comprising senior management was 

set up to drive sustainability efforts within the Group. It is supported by a 

Sustainability Working Committee comprising the various heads of department 

who gather and verify the performance data, as well as introduce initiatives to 

drive the management of our material issues. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Board of Directors 

 

Sustainability Steering 

Committee 

(Senior Management) (“SSC”) 

 

Sustainability Working 

Committee 

(Heads of Departments) (“SWC”) 

 

Departments 

(Employees &amp; Workers) 

• Advises and supports the Board on 

sustainability matters, strategies and 

policies 

 

• Overall management and monitoring of 

sustainability performance and targets 

• Reports sustainability performance to 

SSC 

 

• Communicates and provides training on 

sustainability, policies and initiatives to 

each department 

• Reports 

department 

sustainability 

performance to SWC 

 

• Implement sustainability initiatives and 

provide feedback on improvements 

• Ultimate accountability for integration 

of sustainability within Dyna-Mac, 

setting tone at the top 

• Oversees 

sustainability 

matters, 

strategies and performance 

Summary of Roles &amp; Responsibilities 


7 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

Dyna-Mac constantly strives to create value for all our stakeholders. Regular engagement is critical for us to 

understand their needs and key concerns so that we can work towards addressing them. 

 

Effective stakeholder engagement is critical to ensuring Dyna-Mac’s continued success as it allows us to be responsive to their evolving needs. We 

interact with them regularly and summary of their key interests and the Company’s engagement approach are presented in the table below. 

 

Dyna-Mac’s Stakeholder Engagement 

 

 

Key Stakeholder Groups 

 

How we engage them? 

 

What are their key concerns? 

 

Employees 

• 

Meetings, calls and conferences 

• 

Interviews and surveys 

• 

Trainings and courses 

• 

Newsletters and campaigns 

• 

Policies and procedures 

• 

Appreciation dinners and other festive events 

• 

Vision, strategy and direction 

• 

Training and development 

• 

Occupational health and safety 

• 

Equal opportunities 

• 

Fair remuneration and progression 

• 

Job stability 

 

Customers 

• 

Meetings, calls and conferences 

• 

Site visits 

• 

Feedbacks channels 

• 

Product and service quality 

• 

Innovation 

• 

Occupational health and safety 

 

Investors 

• 

Dedicated Investor Relations 

• 

Annual General Meetings, meetings, calls, conferences 

• 

Annual Reports 

• 

Financial information, SGX announcements and circulars 

• 

Corporate website 

• 

Vision, strategy and direction 

• 

Economic performance 

• 

Corporate governance 

 

Vendors 

• 

Meetings, calls and conferences 

• 

Interview and surveys 

• 

Site visits 

• 

Trainings and courses 

• 

Occupational health and safety 

• 

Corporate governance 

• 

Compliance 

 

Communities 

• 

Corporate website 

• 

Annual Reports 

• 

SGX announcements 

• 

Community involvement activities 

• 

Social responsibility and impact 

• 

Environmental impact (Air, Water, Waste, Noise etc.) 

 

Government and 

Regulators 

• 

Meetings, calls and briefings 

• 

Site visits 

• 

Industry networking functions 

• 

Corporate governance 

• 

Compliance 

• 

Socioeconomic, environmental impact 

• 

Business collaboration and investment 

• 

Sharing of industry best practices 

 


8 

 

Materiality Assessment 

 

Prioritising sustainability topics is a critical process for us as it sets out the 

areas that we must focus on as an organisation. It also enables us to 

systematically report on matters that impact Dyna-Mac and its 

stakeholders most. To do that, our Sustainability Steering Committee 

embarked on a formalised Materiality Assessment process. 

 

A materiality assessment workshop was held to identify significant sustainability 

matters that impact our business activities and its external stakeholders. Arising from 

the exercise, the Board and Management determined five key sustainability matters 

to be of highest priority to the Group’s sustainability risks and opportunities and the 

Board is satisfied with the relevance of the selected matters to its business strategy 

and performance. 

 

A 

Identification and 

Analysis 

B 

Evaluation and 

Prioritisation 

C 

Validation 

and 

Assimilation 

 

We 

work 

closely 

with 

an 

independent 

team 

of 

sustainability consultants on a 

list of potential sustainability 

matters identified through: 

 

 

• 

Analysis 

of 

trends 

and 

developments pertinent to 

Dyna-Mac and the industry it 

operates in 

 

• 

Analysis 

of 

commonly 

reported 

sustainability 

matters 

amongst 

Dyna- 

Mac’s 

peer 

groups 

and 

leading 

reporters 

in 

Singapore 

 

• 

Internal 

stakeholder 

interviews and focus group 

discussions with members of 

our Sustainability Steering 

Committee 

 

Members of our Sustainability 

Steering Committee individually 

evaluated the list of potential 

sustainability 

matters 

and 

participated 

in 

a 

formalised 

Materiality 

Assessment 

workshop. 

 

An anonymous electronic voting 

exercise 

was 

conducted 

to 

prioritise 

the 

sustainability 

matters 

that 

are 

deemed 

significant to both Dyna-Mac and 

its external stakeholders. 

 

Our Sustainability Steering 

Committee reviewed Dyna- 

Mac’s Materiality Matrix and 

selected 5 key sustainability 

matters ranked as significant 

to both Dyna-Mac and its 

external 

stakeholders, 

for 

reporting. 

 

The process and the results 

were presented to Dyna-

Mac’s Board of Directors for 

their validation and approval. 

 


9 

 

The following are the material factors identified and prioritised: 

 

 

No. 

 

Material Sustainability Matter 

 

Category 

 

Mapped GRI Standards Topics 

 

1 

 

Corporate governance 

 

Governance 

 

GRI 102: General Disclosure 

(Governance) 

 

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 

GRI 205: Anti-Corruption 

 

2 

 

Fair employment practices 

 

Social 

 

GRI 401: Employment 

GRI 404: Training and Education 

GRI 406: Non-discrimination 

 

3 

 

Health and safety 

 

Social 

 

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 

 

4 

 

Energy and carbon footprint 

 

Environment 

 

GRI 302: Energy 

 

GRI 305: Emissions 

 

5 

 

Waste and effluents 

management 

 

Environment 

 

GRI 306: Effluent and Waste 

 




10 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 

At Dyna-Mac, we are committed to conducting our business ethically 

and in compliance with all applicable legal and industry requirements. 

We are guided by our Vision, Core Values and Code of Conduct that 

have been implemented to govern the actions and behaviours of our 

employees. 

 

Dyna-Mac has a zero-tolerance stance for corruption and has in place effective 

corporate practices and policies. The Group is committed towards full compliance 

with all applicable laws and regulations and has established corporate policies to 

ensure the long-term success of the Group. 

 

1. Whistle-blowing Policy 

2. Dealing with Securities  

3. Anti-Corruption Policy 

4. Anti-Bribery Policy 

5. Gifts, Hospitality and Entertainment Policy 

6. Code of Conduct 

 

In 2018, there were: 

• No reported cases of bribery and corruption 

• No cases received through whistle-blowing channels 

• No incidences of non-compliance to legal and regulatory requirements resulting 

in significant fines or sanctions 

• Implementation of compulsory Code of Conduct training for all employees 

 

Risk Management 

 

The Group believes that risk management is an integral part of good corporate 

governance and has in place an Enterprise Risk Management Framework to 

manage its risk exposure. We have conducted an Enterprise Strategy and Risk 

Assessment Exercise to identify, filter, assess and compile our enterprise strategies 

and key risks, as well as to assess our general control environment. Through this 

exercise, the Management works closely with the Board to better align, manage and 

increase Dyna- Mac’s resilience to emerging scenarios and environments. 

 

For more information on Corporate Governance, please refer to our Annual Report 

2018, available online at http://investor.dyna-mac.com/ar.html. 

 


11 

 

FAIR EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES 

 

Our employees and workers are the heart of our business operations. We 

recruit and reward our people on a meritocratic basis and advocate an 

inclusive workplace built on mutual respect and trust. 

 

We have in place systems and practices that are fair, merit-based and non-

discriminatory to attract, reward and retain our employees. The Group is also a 

signatory of the Tripartite Alliance for Fair and Progressive Employment Practices 

(TAFEP), pledging to adopt fair and progressive human resource practices and 

providing a harmonious and inclusive work environment for our diverse workforce, 

regardless of race, ethnicity, religion, age and gender. Our employee retention 

strategy focuses on training, career development and employee engagement. We 

also have in place a grievances mechanism for employees to report incidences 

without fear of reprisal, discrimination of other consequences. 

 

To affirm our philosophy and commitment, we are among the early adopters of four 

applicable TAFEP Tripartite Standards in 2018. 

 

The relevant four applicable TAFEP Tripartite Standards are: 

 

1. Employment of Term Contract Employees 

2. Flexi Work Arrangements 

3. Grievances Handling 

4. Recruitment Practices 

 


12 

 

Employment of Term Contract Employees 

 

The Group complies with all statutory benefits under the Employment Act and the 

Child Development Co-Savings Act, in particular leave benefits and termination/non-

renewal of contract specifications.  

 

Flexi Work Arrangements 

 

We support part-time employment and have revised to shorten work week for some 

of the support functions employees (from 5.5 days to 5 days). We will review and 

explore more flexible working patterns to support our operations and yet not lose out 

on our competitiveness and productivity. 

 

Grievances Handling 

 

A grievances procedure is in place as a mean for employees to exercise their rights. 

Employees can bring to the attention of supervisors and management any potential 

issues that they face. 

 

Recruitment Practices 

 

The Group believes in fair employment practices and great emphasis is placed on 

people.  

 

We progressively review and implement employment practices to be in line with the 

key principles of fair employment and select employees based on their qualifications 

and experiences. 

 

There were no reported incidents of discrimination by employees in 2018. 

 


13 

 

NTUC May Day Awards 2018 

 

Dyna-Mac was conferred the Plaque of Commendation for NTUC May Day 2018 for 

continuous support and contribution towards good labour-management relations, 

workers’ welfare and NTUC initiatives. We worked closely with the Shipbuilding and 

Marine Engineering Employees’ Union (SMEEU) and the Migrant Workers’ Centre to 

ensure that our migrants were safely repatriated with fair compensation during 2017 

right-sizing exercise. 

 

 

Plaque of Commendation for NTUC May Day Awards 2018 

 




14 

 

OUR PEOPLE 

 

As at end of 2018, we have 817 (FY2017: 611) employees in Singapore. Of these 

91% (FY2017: 88%) were male and 9% (FY2017: 12%) were female. 

 

Employee Profile1 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1 For the purposes of this Sustainability Report, employee data and information relates to Dyna-Mac’s operations in Singapore only. 

 

12%

9%

88%

91%

0%

20%

40%

60%

80%

100%

120%

2017

2018

Total Employees, 

by Gender

Female

Male

30%

41%

54%

46%

14%

12%

2%

1%

0%

20%

40%

60%

80%

100%

120%

2017

2018

Total Employees, 

by Age Group

16 to 30

31 to 45

46 to 60

61 &amp; above

1%

1%

7%

5%

33%

25%

59%

69%

0%

20%

40%

60%

80%

100%

120%

2017

2018

Total Employees, 

by Employment 

Category

Non-Executive/Workers

Executive

Managerial

Senior Management


15 

 

HEALTH AND SAFETY 

 

Dyna-Mac is committed to ensuring an excellent safety and health culture 

among all at all times. To achieve this, we strive to provide a safe and 

conducive work environment for all personnel working in our yards, 

including our employees, customers and subcontractors, by instilling a 

culture of pro-active individual involvement, personal accountability and 

continuous improvement. 

 

Health and safety is a key business challenge and risk in our industry. Upholding good 

safety standards is paramount in protecting our employees from harm and boosting 

our stakeholders’ confidence in our organisation and we have implemented measures 

for the improvement of health and safety performance. These measures include 

requiring all new employees and any other personnel entering the yards for the first 

time, to attend a safety induction training as part of their orientation programme, and 

raising awareness through exhibitions and emergency drills. 

 

Occupational Health and Safety (OHS) Policy 

 

Dyna-Mac is fully committed to: 

 

1. Ensure a high level of personnel safety and safe working environment. 

 

2. Achieve continual improvement in OHS Management System and 

performance. 

 

3. Comply with applicable legal and other requirements for the prevention on 

injury and ill- health. 

 

4. Implement risk management and provide sufficient and appropriate resources 

to support its implementation. 

 

5. Stop all unsafe action and condition. 

 

6. Communicate to all persons on their individual OHS obligations. 

 

7. Ensure the availability of this policy to all interested parties. 

 


16 

 

Workplace Health and Safety Framework  

 

In line with the National Strategy for Workplace Safety and Health in Singapore 

vision WSH 2018, Dyna-Mac committed to sustainable improvements in the area of 

workplace safety and health (WSH) standards and performance. The WSH 2018 

spells out the results and strategies required to realise the visions set for 2018 as 

follows:- 

• 

Reduction in WSH incident rates; 

• 

WSH as an integral part of business; 

• 

Singapore as a renowned center of excellence for WSH; and 

• 

A progressive and pervasive WSH Culture. 

 

In order to achieve these results, four strategies have been identified to help guide 

the efforts of the government, industry stakeholders, employers, unions, workers, 

WSH professionals, professional and education institutions, and service providers to 

strengthen WSH practices and pave the way towards safer and healthier 

workplaces. 

 

To achieve the strategic outcomes, Dyna-Mac will develop framework comprising 

four strategies that have been identified below as the national WSH 2018 vision and 

strategy co-drafted by the WSH Council and the Ministry of Manpower in Singapore 

as a guide to help strengthen its WSH practices and pave the way towards safer and 

healthier workplaces:- 

 

• 

Strategy 1: Strengthen Organisations’ Capabilities to Manage WSH Issues 

• 

Strategy 2: Implement and Enforce Changes and Actions 

• 

Strategy 3: Promote Benefits of WSH and Recognise Best Practices 

• 

Strategy 4: Develop Strong Partnerships Locally and Internationally 

 

The top management affirms and dedicates communication platforms of different 

levels to interact with the various work groups and trades; each with its own function 

to address the three aspects; the work activities; the workers, and the organisation 

and how these interact with and impact on occupational health, safety and 

environment is a core feature of this strategy. It provides a timely access to clear, 

understandable remove obstacles or barriers in participation which enabling regularly 

to consult, evaluate, deploy, receive feedback and provide guidance to upholding the 

highest levels of quality. 

 


17 

 

Integrated occupational health and safety (OH&amp;S) and Environment 

Management System 

 

ISO 45001 is an ISO standard for management systems of occupational health and 

safety (OH&amp;S), published in March 2018. Companies like Dyna-Mac holding OHSAS 

18001 certification must migrate to the new standard by March 2021. 

As the company OHSAS 18001 certification was due to expire in May 2019, based 

on the ISO 45001 guideline given, Dyna-Mac started developing her new integrated 

OH&amp;S and Environment management system. In September 2018, integrated ISO 

45001 occupational health and safety (OH&amp;S) and ISO 14001 Environmental 

Management System were established. An integrated management system makes it 

easier to implement and give increased value. To conform with the requirements set 

forth by ISO, Dyna-Mac performed a series of internal Gap Analysis Audit to assess 

her progress for certification in March 2019. The implementation of an integrated 

management system is a strategic decision of Dyna-Mac to support its sustainability 

initiatives, ensuring people are safer and healthier, its practices are environmentally 

friendly and profitability is sustained at the same time. 

 

In addition, while the new management system is in the process of being certified, 

the existing OHSAS 18001 Occupational Health and Safety measures continue to 

place a proactive and preventative emphasis on risk-control factors by identifying 

and assessing the likelihood and severity of hazards in the workplace and preventing 

accidents from happening to reduce possible downtime or disruptions to production 

and operations. 

 


18 

 





Awareness and Training 

 

15 Life Saving Rules (LSR) 

 

 

 

Our 15 LSRs seek to raise awareness 

of hazardous activities at the workplace 

and encourage individuals to protect 

themselves 

and 

others 

by 

active 

participation 

and 

intervention. 

Compliance 

with 

these 

rules 

is 

mandatory 

while 

working 

in 

our 

premises. 

 

Safety Corridor 

 

 

 

To enhance the safety awareness at the 

yard, we have set up a Safety Corridor 

at the entrance where workers pass by 

every day. The corridor showcases the 

15 LSRs and pictorial step-by-step 

guides detailed in Dyna-Mac’s Standard 

Work Procedures (SWPs) for ease of 

understanding. For example, some of 

our SWPs include: 

o 

Hot work 

o 

Grit blasting 

o 

Lock out tag out 

o 

Handling storage of chemical 

o 

Radiography 

o 

Working at height 

o 

Hand and powered tools 

 


19 

 





Embedded Health and Safety Culture 

 

 

 

 

Chief Operating Officer delivered his words of encouragement and re-affirmed the 

commitment of the workforce towards OHSE objectives and Award given during the Mass 

Toolbox Meeting 

 

HSE messages are embedded in our daily operations. Visible commitment from top 

management serves as a tangible role model for adoption across the entire 

organisation. 

 

Mandatory briefings and toolbox talks are conducted at the forefront of our workers’ 

minds, helping to keep site safe and productive before activities are performed. For 

high-risk activities, workers are provided with demonstrations and practical training. 

 

Dyna-Mac believes in constantly educating employees on the importance of health, 

safety and the environment (HSE).  

 

 

 

 

Safety time out / Brainstorming session 

 

Immersive Work at Height training 

 






20 

 

Embedded Health and Safety Culture (cont’d.) 

 

 

 

 

Actively Interaction engaged program work together between DM Management staffs &amp; Sub-

contractors and client to improve on safety standard and achieve good safety performance 

 

Partnerships with Stakeholders 

 

Dyna-Mac encourages collaboration with its staff, sub-contractors and clients on 

HSE matters. This includes inviting them to attend our safety committee meetings, 

monthly engagement session and management walkabouts to look out for areas for 

improvement. All in all, we seek to foster a knowledge-sharing relationship towards 

continuous improvements. 

 






21 

 

Case Study 

 

Emergency preparedness at Dyna-Mac 

 

To ensure that shipyard operations are well-prepared to respond promptly to 

emergencies, the yards had conducted 12 emergency drills in total for 2018. These 

drills covered a wide range of areas, from evacuation and rescue scenarios to 

pollution control, yard security threats and business risk drills such as Structure 

Collapse rescue drill, rescue from height to fire and rescue drill demonstrate effective 

fire suppression procedures for acetylene cylinder gas fire. Drills were demonstrated 

successfully with minimum time clocked for the entire activity credits to the 

Emergency Response Team professional approach. 

 

 

An emergency drill conducted together with Singapore Civil Defence Force 

 




22 

 

WSH Safety and Health Award Recognition for Projects (SHARP) 

Awards 2018 

 

Dyna-Mac was presented with two WSH SHARP Awards by the Workplace Safety 

and Health (WSH) Council and supported by the Ministry of Manpower in 2018 which 

recognises projects or worksites that have good safety, namely, Upper Zakum, 

UZ750 Islands Surface Facilities and Culzean Development FSO Topside Modules 

Fabrication carried out in 2017. The awards recognise projects carried out by the 

Group which have performed well and contributed to achieving excellence in 

workplace safety through the implementation of sound WSH management systems 

and processes. 

 

 

WSH Safety and Health Award Recognition for Projects (SHARP) Awards 2018 

 




23 

 

Leadership competency training and engagement  

 

Creating a safe workplace requires active participation at all levels of the 

organisation. Supervisors &amp; foremen are site leaders and they play a key role in 

holding together the many moving parts of a safety program, from training and 

hazard identification to equipment inspections and record keeping. An engaged 

workforce contributes to a safer workplace by participating in safety discussions, 

planning for and anticipating hazards, actively working to keep peers safe, reporting 

hazards and near misses, and challenging decisions when appropriate. 

Hazard intervention and recognition for workers who attain 100% 

attendance 

 

Dyna-Mac believes behavioral safety initiatives demonstrate care for its workers, 

instill in them safe work practices, and reduce the incidence of at-risk work 

behaviors. Every worker is encouraged to actively look out for their colleagues. If 

safe behaviors are observed, they should offer positive reinforcement and 

encouragement (e.g., verbal praise). However, if they observe at-risk work behavior, 

they should not hesitate to intervene immediately on-site by expressing concerns for 

their colleagues’ safety, and offer safer alternatives to conduct work. 

 

Safety Trainings 

 

In 2018, a total of 135 employees, 4,179 contractors and 413 visitors and customers 

underwent safety induction training in our Singapore yard while 4,999 participants 

attended safety in-house training courses covering topics such as hotwork safe work 

procedures, gratings management, usage of power tools, manual handling, pressure 

testing and work at height, as well as courses directly related to their work 

environment. 

 


24 

 

SAFETY INDUCTION TRAINING 

 

 

Singapore  Yard 

 

2016 

2017 

2018 

Employees 

143 

601 

135 

Contractors 

8,259 

1,838 

4,179 

Visitors / Clients 

699 

699 

413 

 

 

 

 

Total  

9,101 

3,138 

4,727 

 

SAFETY IN-HOUSE TRAINING 

 

 

Singapore Yard 

 

2016 

2017 

2018 

No. Attended 

4,110 

5,189 

4,999 

No. of Runs 

229 

190 

321 

 

Our HSE goal has always been zero incidents and accident free. In 2018, the 

Group’s Accident Severity Rate (ASR) increased to 77.85 man-days lost per million-

man hours while the Accident Frequency Rate (AFR), a measure of incidents per 

million man-hours, increased to 0.78. The Group’s Workplace Injury Rate (WIR) 

2018 stand at 206.32 incidents per 100,000 persons employed (including 

contractors). Our contractors accounted for approximately 72% of these reportable 

incidents. 

 

The Group’s contractors account for two-thirds of reportable incidents in 2018, at 

66.7% compared with 16.7% in the previous year. Reportable incidents for the 

Group’s employees decreased from 83.3% to 33.3%. The Group will continuously 

monitor and evaluate the performance of its contractors, as well as engaging and 

enhancing their supervisory capabilities through Leadership Competency Workshop 

Assessment, inspections of operations, rewarding good performance, hazard 

recognition and intervention program with 100% attendance and implement trainings 

to ensure all personnel are equipped for compliance with the Group's HSE 

standards. We have since taken extra measures together with our contractors to 

minimise further incidents. 

 


25 

 

Targets and Performance 

Target 

2018 Performance 

Status 

Zero lost time incidents of injuries 

3 lost time incidents of injuries 

Failed to achieve 

 

 

 

Our goal has always been to achieve zero lost time incidents of injuries and remain 

accident free. To Dyna-Mac’s regret, 2018 saw 3 lost time incidents that occurred. 

The yard has since enhanced the control measures and procedures for similar and 

related work scopes and improvement made to increase ground compliance, site 

audit, mock up work activities to prevent any recurrence.  

 

As Safety is a continuous ongoing journey, it is important to not be complacent and 

increase efforts to identify and bridge the gaps, review areas for improvement and 

step up efforts to inculcate a strong safety ownership culture. At the same time, we 

continue to take steps to increase the connectivity and to communicate job 

instructions and sequence of action steps to the workers. Doing this well can 

improve better understanding of job requirements and leading to higher safety 

performance. 

 

Employee Engagement leads to Workplace Safety. It provides opportunities to 

engage the workers. An engaged worker is an involved and motivated worker with a 

strong sense of belonging. It offers an opportunity for 2-way communications 

between workers and supervisors. Engaged and involved workers will be motivated 

to share their experiences on how to perform the task in a more efficient way. The 

more engaged your employees are, the better the results you'll see across the board. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Regular engagement session with the workers to listen to their opinions, concerns and ideas, 

and benchmarking against global WSH best practices 

 






26 

 

Dyna-Mac Safety Performance 

 

 

 

11.6

1.3

2.2

0

0

77.85

0

40

80

0

0.2

0.4

0.6

0.8

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

AFR

ASR

Accident Frequency Rate

(AFR) Per Million Man-hours

Accident Severity 

Rate (ASR) Per 

Million Man-hours


27 

 

ENERGY 

AND 

CARBON 

FOOTPRINT 

 

At Dyna-Mac, we recognise that our business operations have an impact 

on the environment. We are committed towards environmental 

protection and constantly work towards minimising our environmental 

impact to ensure sustainable business development. We strive towards 

operating in a sustainable manner so that we can continue delivering 

quality service and products to our clients. Within Dyna-Mac, we have a 

core focus in nurturing a culture of environmental consciousness among 

our employees, partners, clients and the communities we operate in. 

 

Managing our energy consumption and carbon emissions is a key focus area for 

Dyna- Mac and we have implemented several good practices to reduce energy 

consumption. The health of our planet is important for the quality of life and survival 

of all stakeholders and future generations to come. The environment is also a critical 

external force that impacts our business decisions and operations. At Dyna-Mac, 

energy consumed is mainly fuel and electricity. 

 


28 

 

Fuel consumption 

 

Fuel consumption was mainly in the form of diesel oil used to operate Dyna-Mac’s 

vehicles (lorries and self-propelled modular transporter) and machineries (mobile 

crane, folklift and portable air compressor for blasting/painting). During the year, a 

total of 17.6 TJ (FY2017: 2.9 TJ) of direct energy was consumed which directly 

translates to 1,335.5 tonnes (FY2017: 220 tonnes) of CO2 emitted2. The increase by 

507% from FY2017 levels was due to an increase in business activities in FY2018 

which was reflected in the increase in revenue by $82.3m or 249.4% from $33.0m for 

the year ended 31 December 2017 to $115.3m for the year ended 31 December 

2018. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2 Scope 1 GHG emissions are emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by the organisation. In the scope of reporting, this relates to 

diesel oil consumed and it is expressed in tonnes of CO2. 

 

220.0

1,335.5

0

200

400

600

800

1000

1200

1400

1600

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions (tonnes CO2)

2017

2018

2.9

17.6

0

2

4

6

8

10

12

14

16

18

20

Direct Energy Consumption (TJ)

2017

2018


29 

 

Electricity consumption 

 

The electricity usage from the yards is mainly derived from welding machine, CNC 

plasma cutting machine, band saw/pipe cutting machine, bevel machine of pipe joint, 

electrical hand tools, main air-compressor and workshop lightings. In FY2018, Dyna-

Mac’s total electrical energy consumption increased by 73% to 6.4 MWh compared 

to 3.7 MWh in FY2017, corresponding to an increase in CO2 emitted to 2,691 tonnes 

of CO23. This is due to an increase in business activities in FY2018 which was 

reflected in the increase in revenue by $82.3m or 249.4% from $33.0m for the year 

ended 31 December 2017 to $115.3m for the year ended 31 December 2018. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

3 Scope 2 GHG emissions are emissions that result from the generation of purchased or acquired electricity, heating, cooling, and steam 

consumed by the organisation. In the scope of reporting, this only relates to purchased electricity and is expressed in tonnes of CO2. In 

Singapore, the emission factor used is the grid emission factors for 2018 which is the latest estimate, obtained from “2018 Singapore Energy 

Statistics” published by the Energy Market Authority of Singapore in 2018. 

1,569.9

2,691.0

0

500

1000

1500

2000

2500

3000

Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions 

(tonnes CO2)

2017

2018

3.7

6.4

0

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

Electrical Energy Consumption (MWh)

2017

2018


30 

 

Environmental Risk Identification 

 

Energy use and carbon emissions are key aspects in our environmental risk 

identification. We regularly assess our environmental impact based on significance, 

likelihood and consequence, and our controls and practices are designed to 

minimise our impact. 

 

Energy Reduction Initiatives 

 

The Group continually looks for opportunities to reduce the environmental impact of 

our operations. During 2018, we implemented energy-saving measures to reduce 

our energy consumption such as replacement of 20% workshop lights (300w type) 

with energy-efficient LED lights with a saving of 80% energy consumption per light. 

 

Besides, workers are deployed to patrol around workshops and office compound 

after office hours to ensure idling machines and office lights are switched off to cut 

down on electricity wastage. 

 

Additionally, we have also implemented various paper reduction strategies such as 

setting all copier machines to print with default double-side printing, black and white 

settings. By controlling paper usage, paper consumption and its related carbon 

emissions are reduced. 

 


31 

 

WASTE AND EFFLUENTS MANAGEMENT 

 

We recognise that proper waste management is crucial for us to protect the 

environment and for the health and safety of the communities we operate in. 

Managing the proper disposal of waste is especially important for our industry. In 

shifting towards the adoption of the 3Rs (Reduce, Reuse, Recycle), we are also able 

to reap cost savings for our business. 

 

Environmental Protection Procedure 

 

As set out in our OHSEM, we focus on three aspects: 

 

Minimising Waste 

Control of Dangerous and 

Harmful Materials 

Disposal Modes 

 

All 

staff 

– 

ranging 

from 

procurement, 

planning 

and 

warehousing, are encouraged 

to cut down on the amount of 

waste generated during our 

operations. 

This 

includes 

returning excess quantities of 

products for future use. 

 

All staff are trained to be 

familiar 

with 

hazardous 

materials 

and 

undertake 

precautions to safeguard the 

environment. 

 

Our 

Standard 

Work 

Procedures (SWPs) set out 

the procedures for disposing 

waste at Dyna- Mac. These 

include disposal modes for: 

• 

Scrap Metal 

• 

General Rubbish 

• 

Waste Wood 

• 

Blasting Grit 

• 

Hydro test Water/ 

Corrosion Inhibitors 

• 

Acids, Corrosives 

and Other 

Dangerous 

Substance 

• 

Paints and Solvents 

• 

Ionising Radiations 

• 

Oil &amp; Hydraulic Fluids 

• 

Waste Segregation 

 

Waste and Resource Management Initiatives 

 

Dyna-Mac is committed to prudent waste and resource management. Our initiatives 

currently include the use of: 

 

► Waste segregation and recycling programme 

► Control and monitoring of welding consumables 

► Control and monitoring of chemical usage 

► Standard Work Procedures (SWPs) for welding to minimise re-work 

► SWPs for blasting to minimise air pollution and enable controlled collection of 

dust 

► Expended electrode to be returned to store for recycling and in exchange of new 

electrode 

► Diesel storage facility has a dip tray to collect residues and leakages during fuel 

transfer 

► Used chemical/contaminated water to be collected and sent to 

licensed waste management contractor for disposal 


32 

 

Targets and Performance 

Target 

2018 Performance 

Status 

By 2018, achieve a scrap margin of 

below 15%. 

Achieved 

 

 

 

Waste mainly relates to general waste and scrap metal. In FY2018, a total of 1,411.4 

tonnes (FY2017: 1,725.1 tonnes) of non-hazardous waste was disposed. Due to the 

adoption of waste reuse and reduction initiatives, we have achieved an 18.2% 

decrease in total waste disposed from FY2017 levels. 

 

 

 

 

 

1,230.4

901.4

494.7

510

0

200

400

600

800

1000

1200

1400

1600

1800

2000

2017

2018

Weight of waste (tonnes)

Non-hazardous waste 

disposed, by disposal 

methods

Recycling

Incineration

1,725.1 

1,411.4 

28.7% 

71.3% 

36.1% 

63.9% 




33 

 

Waste Reuse Initiative 

 

In 2018, a material management control team was set up in production department, 

which one of its functions is to manage offcut materials. The management of offcut 

materials information enables the Group to have better control over leftover materials 

in hand (eg. leftover materials reuse for next project instead of dispose as scrap) 

which can be effective in minimising scrap metal disposal.  

 

Waste Reduction Initiative 

 

Dyna-Mac is committed to reducing its wastage in material and consumables used in 

construction. In 2018, the Group has come out with an automation yard upgrade plan 

to procure automation machines mainly to reduce manual labour and wastage of 

materials due to human errors. The automation machines procured namely robotic 

profile cutting machine and edge rounding machine greatly reduce the current 

manual operating men from 4 to 20 men per team to 1 to 3 men per team to 

complete the same procedures. The material utilisation has increased from 80% 

utilisation to up to 95% utilisation. Besides, the wastage factor on consumables such 

as gases, grinding discs has reduced from more than 15% to less than 5%.  

 

With the adoption of waste reuse and waste reduction initiatives, the scrap metal 

waste disposal is kept at the minimum. 

 


34 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standards Disclosures 

Reference(s) or Reasons for Omission (if 

applicable) 

General Disclosures 

Organisational Profile 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

SR: p3 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

SR: p3 

AR: p110–111 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

SR: p3 

102-4 

Location of operations 

SR: p3 AR: p1 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

AR: p2, 36 

102-6 

Markets served 

AR: p1, 110–111 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

SR: p14  

AR: p8, 31 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

SR: p11–12 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain 

AR: p6–7, 9 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach 

SR: p10 

AR: p25–27 

102-12 

External initiatives 

SR: p11 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

AR: p34 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

SR: p5 

Ethic and Integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

SR: p5 

AR: p1 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

SR: p6 

AR: p12–15, 20–27 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR: p7 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR: p8 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR: p8 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR: p8 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

AR: p110–111 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

SR: p7–9 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR: p9 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

Not applicable. 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable. 

102-50 

Reporting period 

SR: p5 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

22 February 2019 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annual 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

http://www.dyna-mac.com/contact-us 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

SR: p9 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR: p34–35 

102-56 

External assurance 

External assurance has not been sought for this report. 


35 

 

GRI Standards Disclosures 

Reference(s) or Reasons for Omission (if 

applicable) 

Material Topic: Corporate Governance 

Management Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

SR: p10 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

AR: p20–29 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

 

Topic-specific Disclosures 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

SR: p10 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social 

and economic area 

Material Topic: Energy and Carbon Footprint 

Management Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

SR: p27–30 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Topic-specific Disclosures 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organisation 

SR: p28–29 

305-1 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 

305-2 

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 

Material Topic: Waste and Effluent Management 

Management Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

SR: p31–33 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Topic-specific Disclosures 

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal method 

SR: p32 

Material Topic: Health and Safety 

Management Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

SR: p15–26 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Topic-specific Disclosures 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number of 

work-related fatalities 

SR: p25–26 

Material Topic: Employment Practices 

Management Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

SR: p11–14 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Topic-specific Disclosures 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employees 

SR: p24 

 

