
1 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

DYNA-MAC SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 




2 

 

CONTENT 

 

CONTENT ............................................................................................................ 

2 

 

 

INTRODUCTION .................................................................................................. 

3 

 

 

About Dyna-Mac ............................................................................................... 

3 

 

 

BOARD STATEMENT ......................................................................................... 

5 

 

 

Our Approach .................................................................................................... 

6 

 

 

Sustainability Leadership ............................................................................... 

6 

 

 

Stakeholder Engagement ............................................................................... 

7 

 

 

Materiality Assessment .................................................................................. 

8 

 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ............................................................................ 

10 

 

 

FAIR EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES ...................................................................... 

11 

 

 

OUR PEOPLE …………………………………………………………………………. 

12 

 

 

HEALTH AND SAFETY ........................................................................................ 

15 

 

 

ENERGY AND CARBON FOOTPRINT ................................................................ 

22 

 

 

WASTE AND EFFLUENTS MANAGEMENT ........................................................ 

26 

 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX ......................................................................................... 

29 


3 

 

 

 

 

 

 

INTRODUCTION 

 

About Dyna-Mac 

 

Headquartered in Singapore and listed on the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange, Dyna-Mac 

Holdings Ltd. and its subsidiaries (“Dyna-Mac” or “Group”) is a global leader in the detailed engineering, 

procurement, fabrication and construction of offshore floating production storage offloading (FPSO) and 

floating storage offloading (FSO) topside modules as well as onshore plants and other sub-sea products 

for the oil and gas industries. 

 

Transformation for Growth 

 

As the industry evolves, we aim to stay ahead by harnessing our facilities and diverse strengths. We 

are also venturing into new areas like LNG (liquefied natural gas) modules and renewable energy. By 

diversifying our core capabilities, Dyna-Mac is poised to move up the value chain and meet the changing 

demands of industry.  

 

To fortify our strategic presence, we actively partner with leading institutes and specialists abroad, as 

well as with world engineering leaders in executing large projects in both local and international markets. 

This deep partnerships enable Dyna-Mac to expand our operations to stay closer to our clients and 

project locations, develop new capabilities as well as training opportunities while expanding our 

production capacity to undertake larger and more complex projects. 

 

Dyna-Mac has made commendable achievements in productivity over the years through infrastructure 

enhancements, innovation and training. To further enhance efficiency, product quality and reduce 

reliance on manual labour, we strive to leverage automation in our fabrication process through 

automated CNC beam-cutting and edge-rounding machines, as well as a semi-automatic production 

line for pipe fabrication and beam fabrication of various sizes. 

 




4 

 

Corporate Vision &amp; Mission 

 

A global leader in providing reliable, affordable products and services of unsurpassed quality at 

competitive pricing for the oil &amp; gas industries.  

 

We will achieve this by upholding the highest levels of quality, safety, reliability and service excellence. 

 

Corporate Core Values 

 

Our core values support the vision, shape the culture and chart the direction of the Group. Putting these 

values into practice creates benefits for customers, employees, partners and the communities we serve. 

 

• 

Integrity 

• 

Customer Focus 

• 

People Development 

• 

Health, Safety and Environment 

• 

Positive Attitude 

• 

Teamwork 

 


5 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

At Dyna-Mac, sustainability means building businesses that deliver long-term shareholder value and 

growth. In order to achieve this, we aim to adopt a disciplined and accountable approach founded on 

high standards of corporate governance and integrity. 

 

The Board of Directors (“Board”) incorporates long-term consideration of environmental, social and 

governance (“ESG”) issues when formulating Dyna-Mac’s sustainability strategies. In doing so, we 

strive to create value for our shareholders, as well as customers, employees, suppliers, contractors, 

partners and the communities in which we operate in.  

 

In the process of formulating our sustainability report, the Board recognises the importance of 

sustainability practices and how it can benefit our business operations and performance, and oversees 

the identification of ESG material topics that are pertinent to our business and aligns with our long-

term business targets. 

 

Through the development of this report, the Board works closely with the Management for the 

monitoring and management of these ESG material topics. 

 

Dyna-Mac demonstrates its continuous commitment to sustainability through its second sustainability 

report for the period 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019 and shall publish its report by May 2020. 

The report will focus on our sustainability strategies and covers our environmental, social and 

governance performance across our operations in Singapore for 2019. In line with the Group’s 

commitment to environmental sustainability, no hardcopies of the report will be printed. The report can 

be viewed on our website: http://www.dyna-mac.com/sustainability/sustainability-reports/. 

 


6 

 

Our Approach 

 

Sustainability Leadership 

 

At Dyna-Mac, sustainability leadership starts with a tone at the top. We believe that every individual in 

Dyna-Mac plays an important role in ensuring that sustainability is embedded deeply within everything 

we do. To that end, we have taken steps to put in place a systematic monitoring and reporting process. 

 

We are committed to conduct our business in a responsible and sustainable manner. A Sustainability 

Steering Committee comprising senior management was set up to drive sustainability efforts within 

the Group. It is supported by a Sustainability Working Committee comprising the various heads of 

department who gather and verify the performance data, as well as introduce initiatives to drive the 

management of our material issues. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Board of Directors 

 

Sustainability Steering 

Committee 

(Senior Management) (“SSC”) 

 

Sustainability Working 

Committee 

(Heads of Departments) (“SWC”) 

 

Departments 

(Employees &amp; Workers) 

• Advises and supports the Board on 

sustainability matters, strategies and 

policies 

 

• Overall management and monitoring of 

sustainability performance and targets 

• Reports sustainability performance to 

SSC 

 

• Communicates and provides training on 

sustainability, policies and initiatives to 

each department 

• Reports 

department 

sustainability 

performance to SWC 

 

• Implement sustainability initiatives and 

provide feedback on improvements 

• Ultimate accountability for integration 

of sustainability within Dyna-Mac, 

setting tone at the top 

• Oversees 

sustainability 

matters, 

strategies and performance 

Summary of Roles &amp; Responsibilities 


7 

 

 

 

 

 

Stakeholders Engagement 

 

Dyna-Mac constantly strives to create value for all our stakeholders. Regular engagement is critical for us 

to understand their needs and key concerns so that we can work towards addressing them. 

 

Effective stakeholders’ engagement is critical to ensuring Dyna-Mac’s continued success as it 

allows us to be responsive to their evolving needs. We interact with them regularly and a summary 

of their key interests and the Company’s engagement approach is presented in the table below. 

 

Dyna-Mac’s Stakeholders’ Engagement 

 

 

Key 

Stakeholder 

Groups 

 

How we engage them? 

 

What are their key concerns? 

 

Employees 

• 

Meetings, calls and conferences 

• 

Interviews and surveys 

• 

Trainings and courses 

• 

Newsletters and campaigns 

• 

Policies and procedures 

• 

Appreciation dinners and other festive 

events 

• 

Vision, strategy and direction 

• 

Training and development 

• 

Occupational health and safety 

• 

Equal opportunities 

• 

Fair remuneration and progression 

• 

Job stability 

 

Customers 

• 

Meetings, calls and conferences 

• 

Site visits 

• 

Feedbacks channels 

• 

Product and service quality 

• 

Innovation 

• 

Occupational health and safety 

 

Investors 

• 

Dedicated Investor Relations 

• 

Annual General Meetings, meetings, calls, 

conferences 

• 

Annual Reports 

• 

Financial information, SGX announcements 

and circulars 

• 

Corporate website 

• 

Vision, strategy and direction 

• 

Economic performance 

• 

Corporate governance 

 

Vendors 

• 

Meetings, calls and conferences 

• 

Interview and surveys 

• 

Site visits 

• 

Trainings and courses 

• 

Occupational health and safety 

• 

Corporate governance 

• 

Compliance 

 

Communities 

• 

Corporate website 

• 

Annual Reports 

• 

SGX announcements 

• 

Community involvement activities 

• 

Social responsibility and impact 

• 

Environmental impact (Air, Water, Waste, 

Noise etc.) 

 

Government 

and Regulators 

• 

Meetings, calls and briefings 

• 

Site visits 

• 

Industry networking functions 

• 

Corporate governance 

• 

Compliance 

• 

Socioeconomic, environmental impact 

• 

Business collaboration and investment 

• 

Sharing of industry best practices 

 


8 

 

Materiality Assessment 

 

Prioritising sustainability topics is a critical process for us as it sets out the areas that we must focus on 

as an organisation. It also enables us to systematically report on matters that impact Dyna-Mac and its 

stakeholders most. To do that, our Sustainability Steering Committee embarked on a formalised 

Materiality Assessment process. 

 

The materiality principle applied in this Sustainability Report is based on an internal materiality review 

held in 2019 to review the significant sustainability topics that impact our business activities and its 

external stakeholders. After validation, the results showed no change to the assessment performed in 

2018. The Board and Management determined the five key sustainability matters to be of highest priority 

to the Group’s sustainability risks and opportunities and the Board is satisfied with the relevance of the 

selected matters to its business strategy and performance. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

A 

Identification and 

Analysis 

B 

Evaluation and 

Prioritisation 

C 

Validation 

and 

Assimilation 

 

We 

work 

closely 

with 

an 

independent 

team 

of 

sustainability consultants on a list 

of potential sustainability matters 

identified through: 

 

 

• 

Analysis 

of 

trends 

and 

developments pertinent to 

Dyna-Mac and the industry it 

operates in 

 

• 

Analysis 

of 

commonly 

reported 

sustainability 

matters 

amongst 

Dyna- 

Mac’s 

peer 

groups 

and 

leading 

reporters 

in 

Singapore 

 

• 

Internal 

stakeholder 

interviews and focus group 

discussions with members of 

our Sustainability Steering 

Committee 

 

Members of our Sustainability 

Steering Committee individually 

evaluated the list of potential 

sustainability 

matters 

and 

participated 

in 

a 

formalised 

Materiality 

Assessment 

workshop. 

 

An anonymous electronic voting 

exercise 

was 

conducted 

to 

prioritise 

the 

sustainability 

matters 

that 

are 

deemed 

significant to both Dyna-Mac and 

its external stakeholders. 

 

Our Sustainability Steering 

Committee reviewed Dyna- 

Mac’s Materiality Matrix and 

selected 5 key sustainability 

matters ranked as significant 

to both Dyna-Mac and its 

external 

stakeholders, 

for 

reporting. 

 

The process and the results 

were presented to Dyna-

Mac’s Board of Directors for 

their validation and approval. 

 


9 

 

 

 

The following are the material factors identified and prioritised: 

 

No. 

Material Sustainability Matter 

Category 

Mapped GRI Standards Topics 

1 

Corporate governance 

 

 

 

Governance 

GRI 102: General Disclosure 

(Governance) 

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 

GRI 205: Anti-Corruption 

2 

Fair employment practices 

Social 

 

GRI 401: Employment 

GRI 404: Training and Education 

GRI 406: Non-discrimination 

3 

Health and safety 

Social 

GRI 403: Occupational Health and 

Safety 

4 

Energy and carbon footprint 

Environment 

 

GRI 302: Energy  

GRI 305: Emissions 

5 

Waste and effluents management 

 

Environment 

 

GRI 306: Effluent and Waste 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ABOUT THE REPORT 

Dyna-Mac demonstrates our commitment to its third sustainability report for the period 1 January 2019 

to 31 December 2019 (“FY2019”) and shall publish its report by May 2020. The report will focus on our 

sustainability strategies and covers our ESG performance across our operations in Singapore for 

FY2019. 

 

In line with the Company’s commitment to environmental sustainability, no hardcopies of this report 

have 

been 

printed. 

The 

report 

can 

be 

viewed 

on 

our 

website: 

http://www.dyna-

mac.com/sustainability/sustainability-reports/. 




10 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 

At Dyna-Mac, we are committed to conducting our business ethically and in compliance with all 

applicable legal and industry requirements. We are guided by our Vision, Core Values and Code of 

Conduct that have been implemented to govern the actions and behaviours of our employees. 

 

Dyna-Mac has a zero-tolerance stance for corruption and has in place effective corporate practices and 

policies. The Group is committed towards full compliance with all applicable laws and regulations and 

has established corporate policies to ensure the long-term success of the Group. 

 

1. Whistle-blowing Policy 

2. Dealing with Securities  

3. Anti-Corruption Policy 

4. Anti-Bribery Policy 

5. Gifts, Hospitality and Entertainment Policy 

6. Code of Conduct 

 

In 2019, there were: 

• 

No reported cases of bribery and corruption 

• 

No cases received through whistle-blowing channels 

• 

No incidences of non-compliance to legal and regulatory requirements resulting in significant fines or 

sanctions 

• 

Implementation of compulsory code of conduct training for all employees 

 

Risk Management 

 

The Group believes that risk management is an integral part of good corporate governance and has in 

place an Enterprise Risk Management Framework to manage its risk exposure. We have conducted an 

Enterprise Strategy and Risk Assessment Exercise to identify, filter, assess and compile our enterprise 

strategies and key risks, as well as to assess our general control environment. Through this exercise, 

the Management works closely with the Board to better align, manage and increase Dyna- Mac’s 

resilience to emerging scenarios and environments. 

 

For more information on Corporate Governance, please refer to our Annual Report 2019, available 

online at http://investor.dyna-mac.com/ar.html. 

 

 


11 

 

FAIR EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES 

 

In Dyna-Mac, our employees and workers are the heart of our business operations. We recruit and 

reward our people on a meritocratic basis and advocate an inclusive workplace built on mutual respect 

and trust. 

 

We believe that building a diverse and inclusive work environment is increasingly important to boost the 

morale and productivity of our employees. We value our employees and are committed to human 

resource policies that help us attract, retain and grow talent. Equality and meritocracy are the values 

that impact employee satisfaction and retention, and ultimately achieving sustained value creation for 

our stakeholders. 

 

We have put in place systems and practices that are fair, merit-based and non-discriminatory to attract, 

reward and retain our employees. The Group is also a signatory of the Tripartite Alliance for Fair and 

Progressive Employment Practices (TAFEP), pledging to adopt fair and progressive human resource 

practices and providing a harmonious and inclusive work environment for our diverse workforce, 

regardless of race, ethnicity, religion, age and gender. Our employee retention strategy focuses on 

training, career development and employee engagement. We also have a grievances mechanism in 

place for employees to report incidences without fear of reprisal, discrimination of other consequences. 

 

To affirm our philosophy and commitment, we have adopted the following TAFEP Tripartite Standards 

since 2018: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Employment of Term Contract Employees 

 

The Group complies with all statutory benefits under the Employment Act and the Child Development 

Co-Savings Act, in particular leave benefits and termination/non-renewal of contract specifications.  

 

Flexi Work Arrangements 

 

We support part-time employment and have revised to shorten work week for some of the support 

functions employees (from 5.5 days to 5 days). We will review and explore more flexible working 

patterns to support our operations and yet not lose out on our competitiveness and productivity. 

 

Grievances Handling 

 

A grievances procedure is in place as a mean for employees to exercise their rights. Employees can 

bring to the attention of supervisors and management any potential issues that they face. 

 

Recruitment Practices 

 

The Group believes in fair employment practices and great emphasis is placed on people.  

 

We progressively review and implement employment practices to be in line with the key principles of 

fair employment and employees are evaluated based on qualification, experience and aptitude for the 

position.  

 

 

 










12 

 

OUR PEOPLE 

 

Overall Group Workforce1 increased by 3.5% from 817 in FY2018 to 846 as at end of 2019. The 

breakdown of workforce is presented in the following charts:  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Note: Group Workforce1 refers to Total Employees for Dyna-Mac’s operations in Singapore only. 













20%

15%

65%

Degree

Diploma

Others



Total Workforce by Gender (2018) 

Total Workforce by Gender (2019) 

Total Workforce by Age Group (2018) 

Total Workforce by Age Group (2019) 

Total Workforce by Employee Group  

(2018) 

Total Workforce by Employee Group  

(2019) 

Education Level (2018) 

Education Level (2019) 


13 

 

 

Training and Development 

 

 

We believe that training and development are essential ingredients in the continuing well-being of the 

Group. Employees are encouraged to improve their effectiveness and productivity through various 

enrichment and training courses. 

 

Total Group training hours (exclude internal training conducted by HSE Department) stood at 4,967.25 

hours as at end of 2019, which is 46.6% higher than of FY2018 at 3,389.15 hours.  

 

 

 

 

 

Code of Conduct, Policies and Compliance Training  

The Group had organised 5 sessions of Code of Conduct Training which covered existing policies and 

updated changes as at end of 2019 to provide familiarisation and refresher training for new and existing 

staff respectively.   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Engagement and Welfare 

 

As part of on-going employee engagement initiatives, we have organised lunch talks and appreciation 

lunch cum long service award for staff in 2019. In addition, we have also participated the following 

events as part of corporate social responsibility program: 

 

 

 

 

 









Briefing on Code of Conduct, Policies and Compliance 

Company Training on Internal Auditors.   


14 

 

 

TOUCH Giving Festival Charity Run  

 

We have participated in the TOUCH Giving Festival 4 Km Charity Run on 31 August 2019 at the 

Singapore Sport Hub.  TOUCH Giving Festival is a charity carnival by TOUCH Community Services 

which seeks to fundraise and highlight the needs in support of 200,000 individuals that TOUCH reaches 

out to, including children and youth, families, people with special and healthcare needs and the elderly. 

 

 

 

 

 

2nd Migrant Workers’ Assistance Fund (MWAF) Charity Golf / Fund Raising  

We have sponsored and sent a flight of golfers to participate in the 2nd Migrant Workers’ Assistance 

Fund (MWAF) Charity Golf / Fund Raising Dinner on 26 April 2019.  The MWAF, the humanitarian 

charity of MWC, was set up to support the provision of direct humanitarian and emergency assistance 

services to migrant workers as they await the resolution of their employment claims and disputes. 

 

 

 

 

 








15 

 

HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT 

 

Dyna-Mac instills a strong safety and health culture in every stakeholder, be it our 

clients, subcontractors, employees or workers. A strong focus on pro-activeness and 

accountability ensures that the safety management system continuously improve and 

progress. 

 

With many high-risk activities involved in the operation of our business, health and safety is a key 

business challenge that must be overcome. Health and safety are of the utmost importance and are 

prioritize in every aspect. In addition to health and safety, Dyna-Mac strives to minimize harm to the 

environment and promotes sustainable practices. To achieve these goals, Dyna-Mac fully commits to 

the execution and compliance of the company policies and the legal requirements. In complement with 

the well-constructed safe work procedures, we successfully enhance our training programs that cater 

to workers’ needs and work requirements. 

Company Policies 

With the commitment and support from Dyna-Mac’s top management, a comprehensive health, safety 

and environment management system was implemented. This system encompasses policies that direct 

and provide the workforce with a favorable work condition that pro-actively prevent incidents and unsafe 

conditions. 

Occupational Health and Safety (OH&amp;S) Policy 

 

The Occupational Health and Safety (OH&amp;S) Policy is a set of principles that guides the workforce to 

create a safe and healthy environment for all. The OH&amp;S policy includes, but is not restricted to the 

following: 

1. 

Promote a strong safety culture in the organization 

2. 

Fulfill all legal requirements and other requirements  

3. 

Eliminate hazards and reduce OH&amp;S risks 

4. 

Achieve continual improvement in OH&amp;S management system and performance 

5. 

Promote participation among workers and their representatives  

6. 

Communicate to all personnel on their individual OH&amp;S obligations  

7. 

Ensure the availability of the policy to all interested parties 

Environmental Policy 

The Environmental Policy aims to reduce our footprint on the environment and execute all activities in 

the most sustainable method. The Environmental Policy involves: 

1. 

Ensuring the prevention of any pollution including noise pollution  

2. 

Protecting the environment and all personnel working under the control of the organization  

3. 

Fulfill its compliance obligations and comply to all applicable legislations and other 

 

environmental requirements to which the organization subscribes 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


16 

 

Legal Requirements 

 

To maintain an incident-free workplace, the Singapore Workplace Safety and Health (WSH) council 

and the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) have developed risk management 

strategies and stringent standards that help organizations foster better, safer working conditions. As a 

company that seek continual improvement, Dyna-Mac prides herself for complying and executing with 

the standards. 

 

Workplace Health and Safety Framework  

 

In line with the legislative requirements and initiatives by the WSH Council, Dyna-Mac fulfills all 

requirements of the WSH Act and achieve the bizSAFE certificate, making strides towards the national 

vision to create safe and healthy workplace for everyone. 

WSH audits are regularly carried out across all Dyna-Mac facilities. Conducted by accredited auditors 

and qualified staff, these audits relate to certification, management systems standards required by 

global customers and their partners, as well as annual internal checks of operations. Risk management 

teams also monitor and evaluate health, safety and environment performance.  

Dyna-Mac adopts a robust risk management system and excels beyond the requirements of the WSH 

Act. In Dyna-Mac, we have a dedicated team of experienced individuals who performs extensive risk 

assessment of all work activities and commitment from everyone to ensure a safe workplace for all. All 

our risk assessments are reviewed after an unsafe act or condition is observed and improved risk 

assessments that close up gaps discovered are made available to everyone. 

Risk assessments are communicated effectively to all workforces through dedicated trainings, daily 

toolbox talks and Think Safety, Work Safely sessions, building a safety mindset in everyone.  

Dyna-Mac’s effort in delivering an all-rounded risk management system is further confirmed by the 

accreditation of the bizSAFE program. Dyna-Mac promotes in-house safety and health capabilities 

through involvement from management, WSH meetings, risk assessments, training and supervision 

and incident reporting. 

ISO Standards 

In addition to complying with Singapore’s legislative requirements, Dyna-Mac has been granted ISO 

45001:2018 and ISO 14001:2015 certification.  

With the establishment, implementation and maintenance of an occupational health and safety (OH&amp;S) 

management system, Dyna-Mac has successfully migrated from OHSAS 18001 to ISO 45001:2018 in 

2018. With the ISO 45001:2018 OH&amp;S management system in place, an integrated health and safety 

approach has been in motion.  

Dyna-Mac took a huge leap forward in sustainability by integrating the ISO 14001:2015 environmental 

management system in our framework. We have contributed to protecting the environment through 

improvements in hygiene and waste management and responding to environmental conditions. These 

help Dyna-Mac to strike a balance between the environment, society and the economy, meeting the 

needs of the present without comprising future generations of their ability to meet theirs.   

Leadership and Commitment 

Good leadership is the backbone of any successful organization and in Dyna-Mac, involvement from 

DM senior and client management is every step to maintain the OH&amp;S management system proposed.  

 

 

 

 

 


17 

 

Mass Toolbox 

 

The weekly Mass Toolbox highlights the hazards and safe work procedures and is conducted in three 

languages that caters to the diverse workforce in Dyna-Mac. Support and presentation by the senior 

management reaffirms the company’s vision in leading by example. Safety award was presented to 

Worker, Supervisor and Company to encourage the development of safety skills on the job and to 

reward people and companies demonstrating diligence in safety awareness in the performance of their 

profession. 

Leadership and Worker Engagement walkabout 

 

The Management, Supervisor Worker Engagement is an avenue for Dyna-Mac’s managers and 

HODs to interact with the workers and identify unsafe practices. With the commitment from experienced 

individuals, health and safety can be more effectively identified and communicated to all departments.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Awareness and Training 

Awareness and Training are important features of Dyna-Mac’s OH&amp;S management system, so much 

that it is the first encounter for anyone who steps into our premise. Our Safety Corridor and daily 

trainings remind everyone that safety is an indispensable aspect in the operation of our business 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 














18 

 

 

Trainings and Safety Awareness Briefings 

From our daily in-house trainings to our weekly safety awareness briefings, Dyna-Mac never stops 

enriching our overall OH&amp;S management systems and programs that aims to make health and safety 

and innate quality in everyone.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Dyna-Mac’s Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) 

training programs include Safety Induction, HSE-

specific training, Project-specific trainings, Work-at-

Height practical and daily special trainings (such as 

Leadership Competency, Fire Watchman, Think 

Safety Work Safely, Environmental Awareness, 

Noise Monitoring etc). 

The Safety Awareness Briefings are directed to 

specific workgroups to remind them on risk 

management for their work activities. Some 

examples of the Safety Awareness Briefings are 

Electrical Safety, Structural Work, Work-at-Height 

and Dropped Object Demonstration. 




19 

 

 

15 Life Saving Rules (LSR) 

 

 

In 2019, the LSR has been revised to reflect our dynamic operation. The updated 15 LSRs are the 15 

most essentials rules that all workforce must follow to protect themselves and others from injury. Strict 

enforcement is carried out to ensure everyone complies and pro-actively contribute to a healthy and 

safe workplace 

Collaboration with Clients and Subcontractors 

 

Emergency Preparedness Drill (ERP) 

Dyna-Mac is dedicated to preventing any workplace incident and is well prepared for any emergency. 

This is attained through emergency drills and training are conducted throughout the year and having a 

group of trained and outstanding individuals representing the Emergency Response Team.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 































































To establish a common understanding among our 

clients and subcontractors, Dyna-Mac cooperate 

with our stakeholders through weekly Supervisor 

Meeting, weekly Project Management Walkabout, 

monthly Supervisor Engagement Session, 60-Days 

Look Ahead and Appreciation Lunch. 






20 

 

The emergency drills simulate possible incidents and in 2019, 13 such emergency drills had been 

carried out. These 13 drills include Rescue from Height, Confined Space Rescue, Structure Collapse, 

Electrocution, Fire &amp; Rescue and Oil Spillage.  

Environmental Management 

As part of the ISO 14001:2015, we have taken a conscious effort to control our impact on the 

environment. Firstly, the hygiene and waste management has been greatly improved for the benefits of 

everyone through the campaigns, joint inspection with HR and the High Pressure washing.  

 

 

 

Awards 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

In 2019, Dyna Mac was a recipient for Safety and Health Award Recognition for Projects (SHARP) for 

Leviathan Project by Workplace safety and Health council and SEC-SETSCO Singapore Environmental 

Achievement Award (Manufacturing) by the Singapore Environment Council (SEC). The award 

recognizes the company’s concerted efforts to promote safe work practices; ensure high standards for 

safety, health and welfare of the workers; and give due consideration to protecting the public and the 

environment with focus on industry leading initiatives through continuous innovation in sustainability. 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Additionally, solar panels have been 

installed at various locations and utilized to 

generate electricity as Dyna-Mac work 

purposely 

towards 

renewable 

and 

sustainable energy sources.  

 






21 

 

Incident Management and Performance 

 

With business comes great responsibility to ensure that Dyna-Mac is a safe workplace for all – thus, 

our HSE objective is to achieve zero lost time incidents. 

In 2019, Dyna-Mac clocks in a total of 3,080,938 man-hours and sees only one lost time incident. The 

Accident Frequency Rate (AFR) is reported to be 0.048 and the Accident Severity Rate (ASR) is 

reported to be 7.67. Although the HSE goal was not realized, we see a decrease in the AFR, ASR and 

the number of lost time injury from 2018 to 2019. This gave our stakeholders and us confidence that 

our OH&amp;S management system is constantly evolving and improving albeit it is not perfect.  

 

Total Man-hours 

No. of Lost Time Incident 

AFR 

ASR 

2018 

5,561,978 

3 

0.78 

77.85 

2019 

3,080,938 

1 

0.48 

7.67 

 

 

 

11.6

1.3

2.2

0

0

77.85

7.67

0

40

80

0

0.2

0.4

0.6

0.8

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

DYNA-MAC SAFETY PERFORMAMCE

AFR

ASR

AFR (Per Million

Man-hours)

ASR (Per Million 

Man-hours)


22 

 

ENERGY AND CARBON FOOTPRINT 

 

At Dyna-Mac, we recognise that our business operations have an impact on the environment. We are 

committed towards environmental protection and constantly work towards minimising our environmental 

impact to ensure sustainable business development. We strive towards operating in a sustainable 

manner so that we can continue delivering quality service and products to our clients. Within Dyna-Mac, 

we have a core focus in nurturing a culture of environmental consciousness among our employees, 

partners, clients and the communities we operate in. 

 

Managing our energy consumption and carbon emissions is a key focus area for Dyna- Mac and we 

have implemented several good practices to reduce energy consumption. The health of our planet is 

important for the quality of life and survival of all stakeholders and future generations to come. The 

environment is also a critical external force that impacts our business decisions and operations. At 

Dyna-Mac, energy consumed is mainly fuel and electricity. 

 


23 

 

Fuel consumption 

 

Fuel consumption was mainly in the form of diesel oil used to operate Dyna-Mac’s vehicles (lorries and 

self-propelled modular transporter) and machineries (mobile crane, forklift and portable air compressor 

for blasting/painting). During the year, a total of 4.52 TJ (FY2018: 17.6 TJ) of direct energy was 

consumed which directly translates to 342.8 tonnes (FY2018: 1,355.5 tonnes) of CO2 emitted2. The 

decrease by 74.3% from FY2018 levels was due to an decrease in business activities in FY2019 which 

was reflected in the decrease in revenue by $17.5m or 15.2% from $115.3m for the year ended 31 

December 2018 to $97.8m for the year ended 31 December 2019. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2 Scope 1 GHG emissions are emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by the 

organisation. In the scope of reporting, this relates to diesel oil consumed and it is expressed in 

tonnes of CO2. 

 

1,335.5

342.8

0

200

400

600

800

1000

1200

1400

1600

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions (tonnes CO2)

2018

2019

17.6

4.52

0

2

4

6

8

10

12

14

16

18

20

Direct Energy Consumption (TJ)

2018

2019


24 

 

Electricity consumption 

 

The electricity usage from the yards is mainly derived from welding machine, CNC plasma cutting 

machine, band saw/pipe cutting machine, bevel machine of pipe joint, electrical hand tools, main air-

compressor and workshop lightings. In FY2019, Dyna-Mac’s total electrical energy consumption 

decreased by 36% to 4.1 MWh compared to 6.4 MWh in FY2018, corresponding to an decrease in CO2 

emitted to 1,732 tonnes of CO23. This is due to an decrease in business activities in FY2019 which was 

reflected in the decrease in revenue by $17.5m or 15.2% from $115.3m for the year ended 31 December 

2018 to $97.8m for the year ended 31 December 2019. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

3 Scope 2 GHG emissions are emissions that result from the generation of purchased or acquired 

electricity, heating, cooling, and steam consumed by the organisation. In the scope of reporting, this 

only relates to purchased electricity and is expressed in tonnes of CO2. In Singapore, the emission 

factor used is the grid emission factors for 2018 which is the latest estimate, obtained from “2019 

Singapore Energy Statistics” published by the Energy Market Authority of Singapore in 2019. 

2,691.0

1,732.2

0

500

1000

1500

2000

2500

3000

Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions 

(tonnes CO2)

2018

2019

6.4

4.1

0

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

Electrical Energy Consumption (MWh)

2018

2019


25 

 

Environmental Risk Identification 

 

Energy use and carbon emissions is a key aspect in our environmental risk identification. We regularly 

assess our environmental impact based on significance, likelihood and consequence, and our controls 

and practices are designed to minimise our impact. 

 

Energy Reduction Initiatives 

 

The Group continually look for opportunities to reduce the environmental impact of our operations. 

During 2019, we have implemented energy-saving measures to reduce our energy consumption such 

as replacement of 20% workshop lights (300w type) with energy-efficient LED lights with a saving of 

80% energy consumption per light. 

 

Besides, workers are deployed to patrol around workshops and office compound after office hours to 

ensure idling machines and office lights are switched off to cut down on electricity wastage. 

 

Additionally, we have also implemented various paper reduction strategies such as setting all copier 

machines to print with default double-side printing, black and white settings. By controlling paper usage, 

paper consumption and its related carbon emissions are reduced. 

 


26 

 

WASTE AND EFFLUENTS MANAGEMENT 

 

We recognise that proper waste management is crucial for us to protect the environment and for the 

health and safety of the communities we operate in. Managing the proper disposal of waste is especially 

important for our industry. In shifting towards the adoption of the 3Rs (Reduce, Reuse, Recycle), we 

are also able to reap cost savings for our business. 

 

Environmental Protection Procedure 

 

As set out in our OHSEM, we focus on three aspects: 

 

Minimising Waste 

Control of Dangerous and 

Harmful Materials 

Disposal Modes 

 

All 

staff 

– 

ranging 

from 

procurement, planning and stores, 

are encouraged to cut down on the 

amount of waste generated during 

our 

operations. 

This 

includes 

returning excess quantities of 

products for future use. 

 

All staff are trained to be familiar 

with hazardous materials and 

undertake 

precautions 

to 

safeguard the environment. 

 

Our Standard Work Procedures 

(SWPs) set out the procedures for 

disposing waste at Dyna- Mac. 

These include disposal modes 

for: 

• 

Scrap Metal 

• 

General Rubbish 

• 

Waste Wood 

• 

Blasting Grit 

• 

Hydro test Water/ Corrosion 

Inhibitors 

• 

Acids, Corrosives and Other 

Dangerous Substance 

• 

Paints and Solvents 

• 

Ionising Radiations 

• 

Oil &amp; Hydraulic Fluids 

• 

Waste Segregation 

 

Waste and Resource Management Initiatives 

 

Dyna-Mac is committed to prudent waste and resource management. Our initiatives currently include 

the use of: 

 

► Waste segregation and recycling programme 

► Control and monitoring of welding consumables 

► Control and monitoring of chemical usage 

► Standard Work Procedures (SWPs) for welding to minimise re-work 

► SWPs for blasting to minimise air pollution and enable controlled collection of dust 

► Expended electrode to be returned to store for recycling and in exchange of new electrode 

► Diesel storage facility has a dip tray to collect residues and leakages during fuel transfer 

► Used chemical/contaminated water to be collected and sent to licensed waste management contractor 

for disposal 


27 

 

 

Waste mainly relates to general waste and scrap metal. In FY2019, a total of 560 tonnes (FY2018: 

1,411.4 tonnes) of non-hazardous waste was disposed. Due to the adoption of waste reuse and 

reduction initiatives, we have achieved a 60.3% decrease in total waste disposed from FY2018 levels. 

 

 

 

 

 

Targets and Performance 

Target 

2019 Performance 

Status 

By 2019, achieve a scrap margin of 

below 15%. 

Achieved 

 

 

 



901.4

480.0

510.0

80

0

200

400

600

800

1000

1200

1400

1600

2018

2019

Weight of waste (tonnes)

Non-hazardous waste 

disposed, by disposal 

methods

Recycling

Incineration

1,411.4 

560 

36.1% 

63.9% 

14.3% 

85.7% 


28 

 

Waste Reuse Initiative 

 

In 2019, a material management control team was set up in production department, which one of its 

functions is to manage offcut materials. The management of offcut materials information enables the 

Group to have better control over leftover materials in hand (eg. leftover materials reuse for next project 

instead of dispose as scrap) which can be effective in minimising scrap metal disposal.  

 

Waste Reduction Initiative 

 

Dyna-Mac is committed to reducing its wastage in material and consumables used in construction. In 

2019, the Group has come out with an automation yard upgrade plan to procure automation machines 

mainly to reduce manual labour and wastage of materials due to human errors. The automation 

machines procured, namely robotic profile cutting machine and edge rounding machine, greatly reduce 

the current manual operating men from 4 to 20 men per team to 1 to 3 men per team respectively, to 

complete the same procedures. The material utilisation has increased from 80% utilisation to up to 95% 

utilisation. Besides, the wastage factor on consumables such as gases, grinding discs has reduced 

from more than 15% to less than 5%.  

 

With the adoption of waste reuse and waste reduction initiatives, the scrap metal waste disposal is 

kept to the minimum. 

 


29 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standards Disclosures 

Reference(s) or Reasons for Omission (if applicable) 

General Disclosures 

Organisational Profile 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

SR: p3 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

SR: p3 

AR: p110–111 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

SR: p3 

102-4 

Location of operations 

SR: p3 AR: p1 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

AR: p2, 36 

102-6 

Markets served 

AR: p1, 110–111 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

SR: p14  

AR: p8, 31 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

SR: p11–12 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain 

AR: p6–7, 9 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach 

SR: p10 

AR: p25–27 

102-12 

External initiatives 

SR: p11 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

AR: p34 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

SR: p5 

Ethic and Integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

SR: p5 

AR: p1 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

SR: p6 

AR: p12–15, 20–27 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR: p7 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR: p8 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR: p8 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR: p8 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements AR: p110–111 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

SR: p7–9 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR: p9 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

Not applicable. 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable. 

102-50 

Reporting period 

SR: p5 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

22 February 2019 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annual 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

http://www.dyna-mac.com/contact-us 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards SR: p9 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR: p34–35 

102-56 

External assurance 

External assurance has not been sought for this report. 


30 

 

GRI Standards Disclosures 

Reference(s) or Reasons for Omission (if 

applicable) 

Material Topic: Corporate Governance 

Management Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

SR: p10 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

AR: p20–29 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

 

Topic-specific Disclosures 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

SR: p10 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social 

and economic area 

Material Topic: Energy and Carbon Footprint 

Management Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

SR: p27–30 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Topic-specific Disclosures 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organisation 

SR: p28–29 

305-1 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 

305-2 

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 

Material Topic: Waste and Effluent Management 

Management Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

SR: p31–33 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Topic-specific Disclosures 

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal method 

SR: p32 

Material Topic: Health and Safety 

Management Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

SR: p15–26 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Topic-specific Disclosures 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, 

lost days, and absenteeism, and number of 

work-related fatalities 

SR: p25–26 

Material Topic: Employment Practices 

Management Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

SR: p11–14 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Topic-specific Disclosures 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employees 

SR: p24 

 

