
1 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

DYNA-MAC SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 




2 

 

CONTENT 

 

CONTENT ............................................................................................................ 

2 

 

 

INTRODUCTION .................................................................................................. 

3 

 

 

About Dyna-Mac ............................................................................................... 

3 

 

 

BOARD STATEMENT ......................................................................................... 

5 

 

 

Our Approach .................................................................................................... 

6 

 

 

Sustainability Leadership ............................................................................... 

6 

 

 

Stakeholder Engagement ............................................................................... 

7 

 

 

Materiality Assessment .................................................................................. 

8 

 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ............................................................................ 

10 

 

 

FAIR EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES ...................................................................... 

11 

 

 

OUR PEOPLE …………………………………………………………………………. 

12 

 

 

HEALTH AND SAFETY ........................................................................................ 

15 

 

 

ENERGY AND CARBON FOOTPRINT ................................................................ 

22 

 

 

WASTE AND EFFLUENTS MANAGEMENT ........................................................ 

26 

 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX ......................................................................................... 

29 


3 

 

 

 

 

 

 

INTRODUCTION 

 

About Dyna-Mac 

 

Headquartered in Singapore and listed on the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange, Dyna-Mac 

Holdings Ltd. and its subsidiaries (“Dyna-Mac” or “Group”) is a global leader in the detailed engineering, 

procurement, fabrication and construction of offshore floating production storage offloading (FPSO) and 

floating storage offloading (FSO) topside modules as well as onshore plants and other sub-sea products 

for the oil and gas industries. 

 

Transformation for Growth 

 

As the industry evolves, we aim to stay ahead by harnessing on our purposed built module fabrication 

facilities, skill competences and diverse strengths and our partners’ strengths. We are also venturing 

into new adjacent areas like LNG (liquefied natural gas) modules and renewable energy in 

decarbonisation with focus on green hydrogen / ammonia production modules. By diversifying and 

leveraging on our core capabilities, Dyna-Mac is poised to move up the value chain and meet ride on 

the changing demands of the energy industry.  

 

To fortify our strategic presence, we actively partner with leading institutes and specialists abroad, as 

well as with world engineering leaders in executing large projects in both local and international markets. 

These deep partnerships enable Dyna-Mac to expand our operations to stay closer to our clients and 

project locations, develop new capabilities as well as training opportunities while expanding our 

production capacity to undertake larger and more complex projects. 

 

Dyna-Mac has made commendable achievements in productivity over the years through infrastructure 

enhancements, innovation and training. To further enhance efficiency, product quality and reduce 

reliance on manual labour, we strive to leverage automation in our fabrication process through 

automated CNC beam-cutting and edge-rounding machines, as well as a semi-automatic production 

line for pipe fabrication and beam fabrication of various sizes. 

 

 




4 

 

Corporate Vision &amp; Mission 

 

A global leader in providing reliable, affordable products and services of unsurpassed quality at 

competitive pricing for the oil &amp; gas industries.  

 

We will achieve this by upholding the highest levels of quality, safety, reliability and service excellence. 

 

Corporate Core Values 

 

Our core values support the vision, shape the culture and chart the direction of the Group. Putting these 

values into practice create benefits for customers, employees, partners and the communities we serve. 

 

• 

Integrity 

• 

Customer Focus 

• 

People Development 

• 

Health, Safety and Environment 

• 

Positive Attitude 

• 

Teamwork 

 


5 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

At Dyna-Mac, sustainability means building businesses that deliver long-term shareholder value and 

growth. In order to achieve this, we aim to adopt a disciplined and accountable approach founded on 

high standards of corporate governance and integrity. 

 

The Board of Directors (“Board”) incorporates long-term consideration of environmental, social and 

governance (“ESG”) issues when formulating Dyna-Mac’s sustainability strategies. In doing so, we 

strive to create value for our shareholders, as well as customers, employees, suppliers, contractors, 

partners and the communities in which we operate in.  

 

In the process of formulating our sustainability report, the Board recognises the importance of 

sustainability practices and how it can benefit our business operations and performance, and oversees 

the identification of ESG material topics that are pertinent to our business and align with our long-term 

business targets. 

 

Through the development of this report, the Board works closely with the Management for the 

monitoring and management of these ESG material topics. 

 

Dyna-Mac demonstrates its continuous commitment to sustainability through its second sustainability 

report for the period 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 and shall publish its report by May 2021. 

The report will focus on our sustainability strategies and covers our environmental, social and 

governance performance across our operations in Singapore for 2020. In line with the Group’s 

commitment to environmental sustainability, no hardcopies of the report will be printed. The report can 

be viewed on our website: http://www.dyna-mac.com/sustainability/sustainability-reports/. 

 


6 

 

Our Approach 

 

Sustainability Leadership 

 

At Dyna-Mac, sustainability leadership starts with a tone at the top. We believe that every individual in 

Dyna-Mac plays an important role in ensuring that sustainability is embedded deeply within everything 

we do. To that end, we have taken steps to put in place a systematic monitoring and reporting process. 

 

We are committed to conduct our business in a responsible and sustainable manner. A Sustainability 

Steering Committee comprising senior management was set up to drive sustainability efforts within 

the Group. It is supported by a Sustainability Working Committee comprising the various heads of 

department who gather and verify the performance data, as well as introduce initiatives to drive the 

management of our material issues. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Board of Directors 

 

Sustainability Steering Committee 

(Senior Management) (“SSC”) 

 

Sustainability Working Committee 

(Heads of Departments) (“SWC”) 

 

Departments 

(Employees &amp; Workers) 

• Advise and support the Board on 

sustainability matters, strategies and 

policies 

 

• Overall management and monitoring 

of sustainability performance and 

targets 

• Report sustainability performance to 

SSC 

 

• Communicate and provide training on 

sustainability, policies and initiatives 

to each department 

• Report 

department 

sustainability 

performance to SWC 

 

• Implement sustainability initiatives 

and 

provide 

feedback 

on 

improvements 

• Ultimate 

accountability 

for 

integration of sustainability within 

Dyna-Mac, setting tone at the top 

• Oversee 

sustainability 

matters, 

strategies and performance 

Summary of Roles &amp; Responsibilities 


7 

 

 

 

 

 

Stakeholders Engagement 

 

Dyna-Mac constantly strives to create value for all our stakeholders. Regular engagement is critical for us 

to understand their needs and key concerns so that we can work towards addressing them. 

 

Effective stakeholders’ engagement is critical to ensuring Dyna-Mac’s continued success as it 

allows us to be responsive to their evolving needs. We interact with them regularly and a summary 

of their key interests and the Company’s engagement approach is presented in the table below. 

 

Dyna-Mac’s Stakeholders’ Engagement 

 

 

Key Stakeholder 

Groups 

 

How we engage them? 

 

       What are their key concerns? 

 

Employees 

• 

Meetings, calls and conferences 

• 

Interviews and surveys 

• 

Trainings and courses 

• 

Newsletters and campaigns 

• 

Policies and procedures 

• 

Appreciation dinners and other 

festive events 

• 

Vision, strategy and direction 

• 

Training and development 

• 

Occupational health and safety 

• 

Equal opportunities 

• 

Fair remuneration and progression 

• 

Job stability 

 

Customers 

• 

Meetings, calls and conferences 

• 

Site visits 

• 

Feedbacks channels 

• 

Product and service quality 

• 

Innovation 

• 

Occupational health and safety 

 

Investors 

• 

Dedicated Investor Relations 

• 

Annual General Meetings, 

meetings, calls, conferences 

• 

Annual Reports 

• 

Financial information, SGX 

announcements and circulars 

• 

Corporate website 

• 

Vision, strategy and direction 

• 

Economic performance 

• 

Corporate governance 

 

Vendors 

• 

Meetings, calls and conferences 

• 

Interview and surveys 

• 

Site visits 

• 

Trainings and courses 

• 

Occupational health and safety 

• 

Corporate governance 

• 

Compliance 

 

Communities 

• 

Corporate website 

• 

Annual Reports 

• 

SGX announcements 

• 

Community involvement activities 

• 

Social responsibility and impact 

• 

Environmental impact (Air, Water, 

Waste, Noise etc.) 

 

Government 

and Regulators 

• 

Meetings, calls and briefings 

• 

Site visits 

• 

Industry networking functions 

• 

Corporate governance 

• 

Compliance 

• 

Socioeconomic, environmental impact 

• 

Business collaboration and 

investment 

• 

Sharing of industry best practices 

 


8 

 

Materiality Assessment 

 

Prioritising sustainability topics is a critical process for us as it sets out the areas that we must focus on 

as an organisation. It also enables us to systematically report on matters that impact Dyna-Mac and its 

stakeholders most. To do that, our Sustainability Steering Committee embarked on a formalised 

Materiality Assessment process. 

 

The materiality principle applied in this Sustainability Report is based on an internal materiality review 

held in 2020 to review the significant sustainability topics that impact our business activities and its 

external stakeholders. After validation, the results showed no change to the assessment performed in 

2019. The Board and Management determined the five key sustainability matters to be of highest priority 

to the Group’s sustainability risks and opportunities and the Board is satisfied with the relevance of the 

selected matters to its business strategy and performance. 

 

A 

Identification and 

Analysis 

B 

Evaluation and 

Prioritisation 

C 

Validation 

and 

Assimilation 

 

We 

work 

closely 

with 

an 

independent 

team 

of 

sustainability consultants on a list 

of potential sustainability matters 

identified through: 

 

 

• 

Analysis 

of 

trends 

and 

developments pertinent to 

Dyna-Mac and the industry it 

operates in 

 

• 

Analysis 

of 

commonly 

reported 

sustainability 

matters 

amongst 

Dyna- 

Mac’s 

peer 

groups 

and 

leading 

reporters 

in 

Singapore 

 

• 

Internal 

stakeholder 

interviews and focus group 

discussions with members of 

our Sustainability Steering 

Committee 

 

Members of our Sustainability 

Steering Committee individually 

evaluated the list of potential 

sustainability 

matters 

and 

participated 

in 

a 

formalised 

Materiality 

Assessment 

workshop. 

 

An anonymous electronic voting 

exercise 

was 

conducted 

to 

prioritise 

the 

sustainability 

matters 

that 

are 

deemed 

significant to both Dyna-Mac and 

its external stakeholders. 

 

Our Sustainability Steering 

Committee reviewed Dyna- 

Mac’s Materiality Matrix and 

selected 5 key sustainability 

matters ranked as significant 

to both Dyna-Mac and its 

external 

stakeholders, 

for 

reporting. 

 

The process and the results 

were presented to Dyna-

Mac’s Board of Directors for 

their validation and approval. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


9 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The following are the material factors identified and prioritised: 

 

No. 

Material Sustainability Matter 

Category 

Mapped GRI Standards Topics 

1 

Corporate governance 

 

 

 

Governance 

GRI 102: General Disclosure 

(Governance) 

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 

GRI 205: Anti-Corruption 

2 

Fair employment practices 

Social 

 

GRI 401: Employment 

GRI 404: Training and Education 

GRI 406: Non-discrimination 

3 

Health and safety 

Social 

GRI 403: Occupational Health and 

Safety 

4 

Energy and carbon footprint 

Environment 

 

GRI 302: Energy  

GRI 305: Emissions 

5 

Waste and effluents management 

 

Environment 

 

GRI 306: Effluent and Waste 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ABOUT THE REPORT 

Dyna-Mac demonstrates our commitment to its third sustainability report for the period 1 January 2020 

to 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”) and shall publish its report by May 2021. The report will focus on our 

sustainability strategies and covers our ESG performance across our operations in Singapore for 

FY2020. 

 

In line with the Company’s commitment to environmental sustainability, no hardcopies of this report 

have 

been 

printed. 

The 

report 

can 

be 

viewed 

on 

our 

website: 

http://www.dyna-

mac.com/sustainability/sustainability-reports/. 




10 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 

At Dyna-Mac, we are committed to conducting our business ethically and in compliance with all 

applicable legal and industry requirements. We are guided by our Vision, Core Values and Code of 

Conduct that have been implemented to govern the actions and behaviours of our employees. 

 

Dyna-Mac has a zero-tolerance stance for corruption and has in place effective corporate practices and 

policies. The Group is committed towards full compliance with all applicable laws and regulations and 

has established corporate policies to ensure the long-term success of the Group. 

 

1. 

Whistle-blowing Policy 

2. 

Dealing with Securities  

3. 

Anti-Corruption Policy 

4. 

Anti-Bribery Policy 

5. 

Gifts, Hospitality and Entertainment Policy 

6. 

Code of Conduct 

 

In 2020, there were: 

• 

No reported cases of bribery and corruption 

• 

No cases received through whistle-blowing channels 

• 

No incidences of non-compliance to legal and regulatory requirements resulting in significant 

fines or sanctions 

• 

Implementation of compulsory code of conduct training for all employees 

 

Risk Management 

 

The Group believes that risk management is an integral part of good corporate governance and has in 

place an Enterprise Risk Management Framework to manage its risk exposure. We have conducted an 

Enterprise Strategy and Risk Assessment Exercise to identify, filter, assess and compile our enterprise 

strategies and key risks, as well as to assess our general control environment. Through this exercise, 

the Management works closely with the Board to better align, manage and increase Dyna-Mac’s 

resilience to emerging scenarios and environments. 

 

For more information on Corporate Governance, please refer to our Annual Report 2020, available 

online at http://investor.dyna-mac.com/ar.html. 

 

 


11 

 

 

 

 

 

FAIR EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES 

 

In Dyna-Mac, our employees and workers are the heart of our business operations. We recruit and reward our 

people on a meritocratic basis and advocate an inclusive workplace built on mutual respect and trust. 

 

We believe that building a diverse and inclusive work environment is increasingly important to boost the morale 

and productivity of our employees. We value our employees and are committed to human resource policies that 

help us attract, retain and grow talent. Equality and meritocracy are the values that impact employee satisfaction 

and retention, and ultimately achieving sustained value creation for our stakeholders. 

 

We have put in place systems and practices that are fair, merit-based and non-discriminatory to attract, reward 

and retain our employees. The Group is also a signatory of the Tripartite Alliance for Fair and Progressive 

Employment Practices (TAFEP), pledging to adopt fair and progressive human resource practices and providing 

a harmonious and inclusive work environment for our diverse workforce, regardless of race, ethnicity, religion, 

age and gender. Our employee retention strategy focuses on training, career development and employee 

engagement. We also have a grievances mechanism in place for employees to report incidences without fear of 

reprisal, discrimination of other consequences. 

 

To affirm our philosophy and commitment, we have adopted the following TAFEP Tripartite Standards since 2018: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Employment of Term Contract Employees 

 

The Group complies with all statutory benefits under the Employment Act and the Child Development Co-Savings 

Act, in particular leave benefits and termination/non-renewal of contract specifications.  

 

Flexi Work Arrangements 

 

We support part-time employment and have implemented shorter work week for some of the support functions 

employees (from 5.5 days to 5 days). We will review and explore more flexible working patterns to support our 

operations and yet not lose out on our competitiveness and productivity. 

 

Grievances Handling 

 

A grievances procedure is in place as a mean for employees to exercise their rights. Employees can bring to the 

attention of supervisors and management any potential issues that they face. 

 

Recruitment Practices 

 

The Group believes in fair employment practices and great emphasis is placed on people.  

 

We progressively review and implement employment practices to be in line with the key principles of fair 

employment and employees are evaluated based on qualification, experience and aptitude for the position.  

 

There were no reported incidents of discrimination by employees in 2020. 

 

 

 

 

 










12 

 

 

 

 

 

 

OUR PEOPLE 

 

Overall Workforce decreased by 10.6% from 846 in FY2019 to 756 as at end of FY2020. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

HEADCOUNT 

 

  

TOTAL = 756 

 

 

TOTAL WORKFORCE BY GENDER 

TOTAL WORKFORCE BY AGE GROUP 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TOTAL WORKFORCE BY EMPLOYMENT CATEGORY 

 

 





7 

 

SENIOR 

MANAGEMENT1 

42 

MANAGERIAL2 

221 

EXECUTIVE3 

486 

 

NON- 

EXECUTIVE4 

Remarks: 

Senior Management1      : Vice President and above. 

Managerial2 

: Include Managers, Head of Department 

(HOD) up to General Manager (GM). 

Executive3 

: Include Executive, Engineers, Supervisors and 

other staff. 

Non-Executive4 

: Include the rest of Non-Executive Staff and 

 

 All Workers. 

 




13 

 

 

 

 

. 

 

ENGAGEMENT AND WELFARE 

 

Engagement with Foreign Workers on COVID-19  

 

In view of the COVID-19 pandemic in late January 2020 

and evolving situation, we have worked with the Migrant 

Workers’ Centre (MWC), in partnership with the 

Shipbuilding and Marine Engineering Employees’ Union 

(SMEEU) to encourage foreign workers at the worksite 

to stay alert and take care of their personal health during 

the period of COVID-19 pandemic. 

 

Total of 3 engagement sessions on 18, 20 and 25 

February 2020 were attended by more than 1,500 

foreign workers, consisting largely of Indian and 

Bangladeshi workers working at Main Yard and West 

Yard, as well as workers employed by Dyna-Mac’s 

subcontractors. 

 

To better look after the well-being of our workers, we 

have worked with the dormitory operator and charity 

group to reach out and support the workers who were 

affected by COVID-19 pandemic, such as provision of 

medical support, food and essentials. Care packs 

comprising a thermometer, hand sanitiser, masks and 

health supplements were distributed to them. We have 

also facilitated any purchases that workers require. In 

addition, we have provided temporary housing support 

and assistance to our Malaysian employees affected by 

the Malaysia Movement Control Order. 

 

As part of communication enhancement and to 

encourage sharing of information, we also embarked 

on an initiative to develop a web-portal for mass 

communication. Our employees and subcontractors’ 

workers are also given access to the portal to provide 

feedback to Management, HR or Safety, if any. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  I-Love-You Sapphire Award by The Singapore   

Association for the Deaf (SADeaf) 

 

Dyna-Mac was presented with the I-Love-You Sapphire 

Award by The Singapore Association for the Deaf 

(SADeaf) through an online Awards Ceremony on 24 

October 2020. This award is a recognition for 

individuals/organisation who have made significant 

efforts in providing social, educational or financial 

contributions to the Deaf Community for the past year. 








14 

 

HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT 

 

Dyna-Mac instills a strong safety and health culture in every stakeholder, be it our 

clients, subcontractors, employees or workers. A strong focus on pro-activeness and 

accountability ensures that the safety management system continuously improve and 

progress. 

 

With many high-risk activities involved in the operation of our business, health and safety are two key 

business challenges that must be overcomed. Health and safety are of the utmost importance and are 

prioritised in every aspect. In addition to health and safety, Dyna-Mac strives to minimise harm to the 

environment and promotes sustainable practices. To achieve these goals, Dyna-Mac fully commits to 

the execution and compliance of the company policies and the legal requirements. In complement with 

the well-constructed safe work procedures, we successfully enhance our training programs that cater 

to workers’ needs and work requirements. 

Company Policies 

With the commitment and support from Dyna-Mac’s top management, a comprehensive health, safety 

and environment management system was implemented. This system encompasses policies that direct 

and provide the workforce with a favorable work condition that pro-actively prevent incidents and unsafe 

conditions. 

Occupational Health and Safety (OH&amp;S) Policy 

 

The Occupational Health and Safety (OH&amp;S) Policy is a set of principles that guides the workforce to 

create a safe and healthy environment for all. The OH&amp;S policy includes, but is not restricted to the 

following: 

1. 

Promote a strong safety culture in the organization 

2. 

Fulfill all legal requirements and other requirements  

3. 

Eliminate hazards and reduce OH&amp;S risks 

4. 

Achieve continual improvement in OH&amp;S management system and performance 

5. 

Promote participation among workers and their representatives  

6. 

Communicate to all personnel on their individual OH&amp;S obligations  

7. 

Ensure the availability of the policy to all interested parties 

 

Environmental Policy 

 

The Environmental Policy aims to reduce our footprint on the environment and execute all activities in 

the most sustainable method. The Environmental Policy involves: 

1. 

Ensuring the prevention of any pollution including noise pollution  

2. 

Protecting the environment and all personnel working under the control of the organization  

3. 

Fulfill its compliance obligations and comply to all applicable legislations and other 

 

environmental requirements to which the organisation subscribes 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


15 

 

 

Legal Requirements 

 

To maintain an incident-free workplace, the Singapore Workplace Safety and Health (WSH) council and 

the International Organization for Standardisation (ISO) have developed risk management strategies 

and stringent standards that help organisations foster better, safer working conditions. As a company 

that seek continual improvement, Dyna-Mac prides herself for complying and executing with the 

standards. 

 

Workplace Health and Safety Framework  

 

In line with the legislative requirements and initiatives by the WSH Council, Dyna-Mac fulfills all 

requirements of the WSH Act and achieve the bizSAFE certificate, making strides towards the national 

vision to create safe and healthy workplace for everyone. 

WSH Act 

The WSH Act involves the participation from everyone in the organisation and encapsulates risk 

management, incident reporting and injury prevention. As of September 2011, the WSH Act covers all 

workplaces in Singapore and envisions to protect both lives and business.  

Dyna-Mac adopts a robust risk management system and excels beyond the requirements of the WSH 

Act. In Dyna-Mac, we have a dedicated team of experienced individuals who performs extensive risk 

assessment of all work activities and commitment from everyone to ensure a safe workplace for all. All 

our risk assessments are reviewed after an unsafe act or condition is observed and improved risk 

assessments that close up gaps discovered are made available to everyone. 

Risk assessments are communicated effectively to all workforces through dedicated trainings, daily 

toolbox talks and Think Safety, Work Safely sessions, building a safety mindset in everyone.  

Dyna-Mac’s effort in delivering an all-rounded risk management system is further confirmed by the 

accreditation of the bizSAFE program. Dyna-Mac promotes in-house safety and health capabilities 

through involvement from management, WSH meetings, risk assessments, training and supervision 

and incident reporting. 

ISO Standards 

Dyna-Mac has been awarded ISO 45001:2018 and ISO 14001:2015 certification.  

By implementing and maintaining an occupational health and safety (OH&amp;S) management system, 

Dyna-Mac was successful in migrating from OHSAS 18001 to ISO 45001:2018 in 2018. With the ISO 

45001:2018 OH&amp;S management system in place, an integrated health and safety approach has been 

in motion.  

In terms of sustainability, Dyna-Mac took a huge step forward by integrating the ISO 14001:2015 

environmental management system in our framework. We are committed to protecting the environment 

through improvements in hygiene and waste management and responding to environmental conditions. 

By doing so, Dyna-Mac has been able to meet the needs of the present, without compromising future 

generations. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


16 

 

Leadership and Commitment 

 

Good leadership is the foundation of any successful organisation and in Dyna-Mac, the senior 

management is constantly involved in every step towards maintaining the OH&amp;S management system.  

 

Mass Toolbox 

 

The senior management at Dyna-Mac reaffirms the company’s vision in leading by example through 

supporting and presenting at the weekly Mass Toolbox. The Mass Toolbox highlights the hazards and 

safe work procedures in three languages, in order to cater to the diverse workforce in Dyna-Mac. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

COVID-19 Daily Mass Toolbox / Briefing  

 

To reduce the spread of coronavirus and manage the workers’ mental health and wellbeing, there will 

be a Toolbox briefing on COVID-19 to address the methods that can be used to prevent the spread of 

the coronavirus around the worksite.  The briefing will include topics on washing of hands with soap 

and water thoroughly, uses of hand sanitiser, maintaining the 1m social distancing, cleaning of tools, 

covering the mouth and nose with a mask, to stay home if they are sick etc. to help prevent spread of 

COVID-19. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 










17 

 

 

 

 

Management Walkabout 

 

Management Walkabou 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Awareness and Training 

 

Dyna-Mac regards Awareness and Training as important features of the OH&amp;S management system; 

thus, it is compulsory for everyone to attend the in-house HSE training before commencing their work 

at Dyna-Mac. Along with the training, the safety corridor acts as a reminder for everyone that safety is 

an indispensable aspect in the operation of our business.  

Trainings and Safety Awareness Briefings 

 

From our daily in-house trainings to our weekly safety awareness briefings, Dyna-Mac never stops 

enriching our overall OH&amp;S management systems and programs that aims to make health and safety 

and innate quality in everyone.  

 

 

 

 



Dyna-Mac’s Health, Safety and Environment 

(HSE) training programs include Safety 

Induction, HSE-specific training, Project-

specific trainings, Work-at-Height practical 

and 

daily 

special 

trainings 

(such 

as 

Leadership Competency, Fire Watchman, 

Think Safety Work Safely, Environmental 

Awareness, Noise Monitoring etc). 



 

Another avenue for Dyna-Mac’s managers and 

HODs to interact with the workers and identify 

unsafe practices is the weekly management 

walkabout. 

With 

the 

commitment 

from 

experienced individuals, health and safety 

issues can be more effectively identified and 

communicated to all departments.  

 


18 

 

 

 

15 Life Saving Rules (LSR) 

 

 

 

Since 2019, the LSR has been revised to reflect our dynamic operation. The updated 15 LSRs are the 

most essential rules that all workforce must follow to protect themselves and others from injury. Strict 

enforcement is carried out to ensure everyone comply and pro-actively contribute to a healthy and safe 

workplace. 

 

Collaboration with Clients and Subcontractors 

 

 

 

 

































































The 

Safety 

Awareness 

Briefings 

are 

directed to specific workgroups to remind 

them on risk management for their work 

activities. Some examples of the Safety 

Awareness Briefings are Electrical Safety, 

Structural 

Work, 

Work-at-Height 

and 

Dropped Object Demonstration. 

Common understanding among our clients and 

subcontractors are established through weekly 

Supervisor Meeting, weekly Project Management 

Walkabout, 

monthly 

Supervisor 

Engagement 

Session, 60-Days Look Ahead and Appreciation 

Lunch. 


19 

 

Emergency Preparedness Drill (ERP) 

Dyna-Mac is dedicated in preventing any workplace incident. With a team of outstanding individuals 

representing the Emergency Response Team, going through different types of emergency drills 

throughout the year ensures that the Emergency Response Team is always ready when called upon 

for any emergency. 

The emergency drills simulate possible incidents. In 2020 due to the covid situation, large scale 

evacuation emergency drills cannot be carried out. However, Dyna Mac still conducted 15 drills include 

small scale evacuation drill, Rescue from Height, Confined Space Rescue, Structure Collapse, 

Electrocution, Fire &amp; Rescue and Oil Spillage.  

 

 

 

COVID-19 Response  

To better detect and manage COVID-19 infections, personnel with respiratory symptoms such as fever, 

cough, sore throat and runny nose must seek immediate medical attention at Dyna-Mac First Aid 

Centre. Our paramedic will provide medical screening and thereafter contact on-site medical centres 

and regional medical centres of purpose-built dormitories for advice. Transport will be arranged to send 

the patient to seek medical attention at medical facility. These medical initiatives ensure patient are 

treated for acute respiratory illness (ARIs) and other health conditions that need to be monitored closely 

and hence manage the risks of any covid outbreaks.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Environmental Management 










20 

 

As part of the ISO 14001:2015, we have taken a 

conscious effort to control our impact on the 

environment. Firstly, the hygiene and waste 

management has been greatly improved for the 

benefits of everyone through the campaigns, joint 

inspection with HR and the High Pressure washing.  

 

 

 

 

 

  Welfare 

Dyna-Mac fosters and ensures a better working environment for workers. Doing so will allow us to 

respond to client, stakeholder, and regulatory expectations more effectively, and manage a healthier, 

more productive workforce. Providing workers with Safe, Clean, and Habitable accommodation, 

Workers, irrespective of their nationality, gender, ethnicity, social and legal status, race, religion, or 

other protected status, are treated with dignity, respect, and fairness, and are not subject to 

harassment, discrimination, abuse, or inhuman or degrading treatment with means to report 

grievances or any activity that is inconsistent with these Principles without fear of retaliation, retribution, 

or dismissal, and to have them addressed in a prompt, fair, and consistent manner. Lastly workers will 

receive all benefits to which they are entitled in accordance with contractual arrangements and a safe 

and healthy work environment, subject to a robust health and safety management system in compliant 

with all governing laws and regulations. 

 

 

 

Incident Management and Performance 

 

Dyna-Mac takes great responsibility in providing a safe workplace for all – thus, our HSE objective is to 

achieve zero lost time incidents. 

In 2020, Dyna-Mac accumulated a total of 5,621,350 man-hours and recorded only one lost time 

incident. The Accident Frequency Rate (AFR) is reported to be 0.18 and the Accident Severity Rate 

(ASR) is reported to be 2.13. Although the HSE goal was not met, we see a decrease in the AFR and 

ASR from 2019 to 2020. This gave our stakeholders and us confidence that our OH&amp;S management 

system is constantly evolving and improving albeit it is not perfect.  

 

Total Man-hours 

No. of Lost Time Incident 

AFR 

ASR 

2019 

3,080,938 

1 

0.32 

5.19 

2020 

5,621,350 

1 

0.18 

2.13 

 



In 2020, Dyna-Mac engaged Sunseap to build solar 

systems on unused rooftop space generating 

affordable solar energy and improving own 

sustainability practices to positively impact the 

environment. 

Solar panels have been installed at various locations 

and utilized to generate electricity as Dyna-Mac 

work purposely towards renewable and sustainable 

energy sources.  

 






21 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




22 

 

ENERGY AND CARBON FOOTPRINT 

 

At Dyna-Mac, we recognise that our business operations have an impact on the environment. We are 

committed towards environmental protection and constantly work towards minimising our environmental 

impact to ensure sustainable business development. We strive towards operating in a sustainable 

manner so that we can continue delivering quality service and products to our clients. Within Dyna-Mac, 

we have a core focus in nurturing a culture of environmental consciousness among our employees, 

partners, clients and the communities we operate in. 

 

Managing our energy consumption and carbon emissions is a key focus area for Dyna-Mac and we 

have implemented several good practices to reduce energy consumption. The health of our planet is 

important for the quality of life and survival of all stakeholders and future generations to come. The 

environment is also a critical external force that impacts our business decisions and operations. At 

Dyna-Mac, energy consumed is mainly fuel and electricity. 

 


23 

 

Fuel consumption 

 

Fuel consumption was mainly in the form of diesel oil used to operate Dyna-Mac’s vehicles (lorries and 

self-propelled modular transporter) and machineries (mobile crane, forklift and portable air compressor 

for blasting/painting). During the year, a total of 22.96 TJ (FY2019: 4.52 TJ) of direct energy was 

consumed which directly translates to 1,741 tonnes (FY2019: 342.8 tonnes) of CO2 emitted2. There 

was an increase from FY2019 levels due to an increase in blasting and painting activities in FY2020. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2 Scope 1 GHG emissions are emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by the 

organisation. In the scope of reporting, this relates to diesel oil consumed and it is expressed in 

tonnes of CO2. 

 

342.8

1,741.0

0

200

400

600

800

1000

1200

1400

1600

1800

2000

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions (tonnes CO2)

2019

2020

4.52

22.96

0

5

10

15

20

25

Direct Energy Consumption (TJ)

2019

2020


24 

 

Electricity consumption 

 

The electricity usage from the yards is mainly derived from welding machine, CNC plasma cutting 

machine, band saw/pipe cutting machine, bevel machine of pipe joint, electrical hand tools, main air-

compressor and workshop lightings. In FY2020, Dyna-Mac’s total electrical energy consumption 

increased to 6.3 MWh compared to 4.1 MWh in FY2019, corresponding to an increase in CO2 emitted 

to 2,621.9 tonnes of CO23. This is due to an increase in business activities in FY2020. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

3 Scope 2 GHG emissions are emissions that result from the generation of purchased or acquired 

electricity, heating, cooling, and steam consumed by the organisation. In the scope of reporting, this 

only relates to purchased electricity and is expressed in tonnes of CO2. In Singapore, the emission 

factor used is the grid emission factors for 2019 which is the latest estimate, obtained from “2020 

Singapore Energy Statistics” published by the Energy Market Authority of Singapore in 2020. 

1,732.2

2,621.9

0

500

1000

1500

2000

2500

3000

Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions 

(tonnes CO2)

2019

2020

4.1

6.3

0

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

Electrical Energy Consumption (MWh)

2019

2020


25 

 

Environmental Risk Identification 

 

Energy use and carbon emissions are key aspects of our environmental risk identification. We regularly 

assess our environmental impact based on significance, likelihood and consequence, and our controls 

and practices are designed to minimise our impact. 

 

Energy Reduction Initiatives 

 

The Group continually look for opportunities to reduce the environmental impact of our operations. 

During 2020, we have implemented energy-saving measures to reduce our energy consumption such 

as replacement of all workshop lights (300w type) with energy-efficient LED lights with a saving of 61% 

energy consumption per light. 

 

Besides, timer control systems are installed at common work areas to set and control ON/OFF time. 

workers are deployed to patrol around workshops and office compound after office hours to ensure 

idling machines and office lights are switched off to cut down on electricity wastage. 

 

Additionally, solar panels installed to all workshop and office building roofs with system capacity of 

1,893kWp to generate and use clean energy. 

 

 

 

 




26 

 

WASTE AND EFFLUENTS MANAGEMENT 

 

We recognise that proper waste management is crucial for us to protect the environment and for the 

health and safety of the communities we operate in. Managing the proper disposal of waste is especially 

important for our industry. In shifting towards the adoption of the 3Rs (Reduce, Reuse, Recycle), we 

are also able to reap cost savings for our business. 

 

Environmental Protection Procedure 

 

As set out in our OHSEM, we focus on three aspects: 

 

Minimising Waste 

Control of Dangerous and 

Harmful Materials 

Disposal Modes 

 

All 

staff 

– 

ranging 

from 

procurement, 

planning 

and 

stores, are encouraged to cut 

down on the amount of waste 

generated 

during 

our 

operations. 

This 

includes 

returning excess quantities of 

products for future use. 

 

All staff are trained to be familiar 

with hazardous materials and 

undertake 

precautions 

to 

safeguard the environment. 

 

Our 

Standard 

Work 

Procedures (SWPs) set out 

the procedures for disposing 

waste at Dyna- Mac. These 

include disposal modes for: 

• Scrap Metal 

• General Rubbish 

• Waste Wood 

• Blasting Grit 

• Hydro test Water/ 

Corrosion Inhibitors 

• Acids, Corrosives and 

Other Dangerous 

Substance 

• Paints and Solvents 

• Ionising Radiations 

• Oil &amp; Hydraulic Fluids 

• Waste Segregation 

 

Waste and Resource Management Initiatives 

 

Dyna-Mac is committed to prudent waste and resource management. Our initiatives currently include 

the use of: 

 

► Waste segregation and recycling programme 

► Control and monitoring of welding consumables 

► Control and monitoring of chemical usage 

► Standard Work Procedures (SWPs) for welding to minimise re-work 

► SWPs for blasting to minimise air pollution and enable controlled collection of dust 

► Expended electrode to be returned to store for recycling and in exchange of new electrode 

► Diesel storage facility has a dip tray to collect residues and leakages during fuel transfer 

► Used chemical/contaminated water to be collected and sent to licensed waste management 

contractor for disposal 


27 

 

 

Waste mainly relates to general waste and scrap metal. In FY2020, a total of 1,453.6 tonnes (FY2019: 

1,092 tonnes) of non-hazardous waste was disposed.  

 

 

 

 

 

1,012.0

928.6

80.0

525

0

200

400

600

800

1000

1200

1400

1600

2019

2020

Weight of waste (tonnes)

Non-hazardous waste 

disposed, by disposal 

methods

Recycling

Incineration

1,453.6

1,092 

36.1% 

63.9% 

14.3% 

85.7% 


28 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standards Disclosures 

Reference(s) or Reasons for Omission (if applicable) 

General Disclosures 

Organisational Profile 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

SR: p3 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

SR: p3 

AR: p110–111 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

SR: p3 

102-4 

Location of operations 

SR: p3 AR: p1 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

AR: p2, 36 

102-6 

Markets served 

AR: p1, 110–111 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

SR: p14  

AR: p8, 31 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

SR: p11–12 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain 

AR: p6–7, 9 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach 

SR: p10 

AR: p25–27 

102-12 

External initiatives 

SR: p11 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

AR: p34 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

SR: p5 

Ethic and Integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

SR: p5 

AR: p1 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

SR: p6 

AR: p12–15, 20–27 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR: p7 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR: p8 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR: p8 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR: p8 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements AR: p110–111 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

SR: p7–9 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR: p9 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

Not applicable. 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable. 

102-50 

Reporting period 

SR: p5 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

22 February 2019 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annual 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

http://www.dyna-mac.com/contact-us 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards SR: p9 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR: p34–35 

102-56 

External assurance 

External assurance has not been sought for this report. 


29 

 

GRI Standards Disclosures 

Reference(s) or Reasons for Omission (if 

applicable) 

Material Topic: Corporate Governance 

Management Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

SR: p10 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

AR: p20–29 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

 

Topic-specific Disclosures 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

SR: p10 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social 

and economic area 

Material Topic: Energy and Carbon Footprint 

Management Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

SR: p27–30 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Topic-specific Disclosures 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organisation 

SR: p28–29 

305-1 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 

305-2 

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 

Material Topic: Waste and Effluent Management 

Management Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

SR: p31–33 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Topic-specific Disclosures 

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal method 

SR: p32 

Material Topic: Health and Safety 

Management Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

SR: p15–26 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Topic-specific Disclosures 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, 

lost days, and absenteeism, and number of 

work-related fatalities 

SR: p25–26 

Material Topic: Employment Practices 

Management Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

SR: p11–14 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Topic-specific Disclosures 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employees 

SR: p24 

 

