
 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY  

REPORT  



i 

2017 

DYNAMIC COLOURS 


 

Contents 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 





1 

ABOUT THIS REPORT  

 

03 

 

Page 

 



2 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

05 

 



3 

STAKEHOLDERS AND MATERIALITY 

 

 

10 

 



4 

ECONOMIC 

 

12 

 



5 

ENVIRONMENT 

 

13 

 



6 

SOCIAL 

 

15 

 



7 

ORGANIZATIONAL 

PROFILE 

 

22 

 

 




 

3 

 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT  

BOARD STATEMENT 

Dynamic Colours Limited (DCL) recognises the importance of our roles as responsible corporate 

citizens towards our stakeholders while in pursuit of a sustainable future that enhances long 

term shareholder value.  Our stakeholders comprise shareholders, customers, employees, 

suppliers and the communities and environment in which we operate. 

 

DCL’s sustainability approach focuses on maintaining resilience to adapt to changing business 

landscape through deployment of sustainable and efficient processes by improving the bottom 

line, developing our human capital and making positive contributions to the communities and 

the environment.  The board of directors of DCL (Board) oversees the management and 

monitoring of these factors and takes them into consideration in the determination of the 

Company’s strategic direction and policies. Sustainability is part of DCL’s wider strategy to 

create long term value for all our stakeholders. 

 

Given our success on being given the Best Managed Board 2017 Award at the Singapore 

Corporate Awards 2017, we aim to provide sustainability reports on our long-term strategic 

direction. We are therefore pleased to present DCL’s inaugural annual Sustainability Report, 

for our financial year ended 31 December 2017.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




 

4 

 

REPORTING PERIOD AND SCOPE  

This report is set out on a “comply or explain” basis in accordance with Rule 711B and Practice 

Note 7.6 of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (SGX-ST) Listing Manual on 

Continuing Listing Obligations. Corresponding to G4’s emphasis on materiality, this report 

covers the key areas of sustainability, namely environmental, social and governance-related 

initiatives carried out throughout the 12-month period, from 1 January 2017 to 31 December 

2017. 

 

As part of developing our Sustainability Report, we are focussing our first report on our 

production facility in Malaysia. We will build upon our sustainability reporting in the following 

years.  

 

REPORTING FRAMEWORK 

DCL has chosen the Global Reporting Initiative’s (“GRI”) framework G4 Sustainability Reporting 

Guidelines and SGX Guidelines on Sustainability Reporting.  GRI is the most established 

international sustainability reporting standard in respect of the scope to which such a 

framework is applied.  

 

FEEDBACK 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this 

enables us to improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and 

suggestions to enquiry@dynamiccolours.com. 

 

 


 

5 

 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

As a manufacturer with extensive operations regionally, strategic reviews and efforts have been 

put in to ensure the Group’s commitment toward a Sustainable Growth for the future. The 

Group has in place these 3 pillars of continual processes that will able Dynamic Colours to 

achieve its long-term strategic goals: 

 

 

 

 

 





SUSTAINABILITY 

VISION  












 

6 

 

SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE  

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE  

At DCL, we believe that strong governance is the key to a sustainable business. Being awarded 

the Best Managed Board 2017 at the Singapore Corporate Awards 2017 is a testament to the 

good governance put in place and leadership of the board. Throughout 2017, we continue to 

comply with the Code of Corporate Governance. Please refer to the Annual Report 2017 pages 

13 to 48 on the details of the Corporate Governance Report. 

 

It is a continual challenge to successfully manage the environmental and social issues. DCL has 

incorporated this into our business model and implemented sustainable and responsible 

practices throughout. The company fully supports the United Nations Global Compact, an 

initiative to encourage businesses worldwide to adopt sustainable and socially responsible 

policies, and to report on their implementation. Our products and services meet all the 

requirements demanded by our customers and the regulatory bodies. We meet all 

environmental and safety standards that are expected of us. 

 





Board of Directors 





Executive Directors 





Sustainability Committee 





Regulatory/ ISO 

Compliance 





Finance 

Department 





Supply Chain  





 Sales &amp; 

Marketing  





Production 





Human 

Resources 


 

7 

 

DCL pays strict attention to enforcing good labour practices in all our operations. The company 

provides many training opportunities for continued employee development and this is reflected 

in the quality and delivery of our products and solutions. We value our relationships with our 

clients and the wider community in which we operate and these relationships have helped us 

through challenging times in the past. DCL strongly believes that in the long run, these efforts 

will have a positive impact on our economic performance. 

 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT (ERM) 

ERM is an integral part of good corporate governance as well as resource management. A 

thorough and comprehensive ERM framework enables DCL to identify, communicate and manage 

its risks and exposures in an integrated, systematic and consistent manner. For detailed 

disclosure on ERM, please refer to our Annual Report, pages 30 to 39. 

 

BUSINESS ETHICS, ANTI-CORRUPTION AND COMPLIANCE 

Here at Dynamic Colours, we do not tolerate corruption in any form. This has been made clear 

to all of our employees, our suppliers and our business partners. Any report of corruption is 

escalated to the attention of the Chairman. 

 

When it comes to hiring, we take seriously any possibility of conflict of interest. Our code of 

conduct clearly spells out DCL’s expectations from our staff and the consequences if any of the 

rules are violated or standards not met. Of course, we also have clear and fair grievance 

procedures. 

 

Business ethics are communicated to all our heads of business units regularly and they must 

fully understand that compliance with rules and regulations is a key part of running a 

responsible business. The Company regularly updates key staff with developments in 

international and local regulations. DCL fully complies with all environmental rules and 

regulations, anti-competitive behaviour laws and all requirements on health and safety. We 

prohibit corruption in all forms, including extortion and bribery. 

 

Cyber security and data privacy are important not just for compliance, but in safeguarding both 

our data and that of our customers. DCL takes measures to guard against cyber risks for both 

our internal and external stakeholders by complying with the Personal Data Protection Act 

Policy. This policy also applies to our employment process where the privacy of all applicants 


 

8 

 

is safeguarded and access to personal data is restricted to authorised persons senior 

management on a need-to-know basis. 

 

For FY2017, there were no significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with 

laws and regulations. There have also been no reported incidents of corruption during the 

reporting period. It is DCL’s goal to maintain zero incidents of corruption. We will regularly 

review policies on whistleblowing and anti-corruption.  

 


 

9 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING PROCESS 

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant aspects. Relevant aspects 

are then prioritised as material factors which are then validated. The end result of this process 

is a list of material factors disclosed in the sustainability report. Inter-relations of which are as 

shown below: 

IDENTIFICATION

PRIORITISATION

VALIDATION

REVIEW

Identification of the 

material factors that 

are of relevance to the 

Group’s activities 

Prioritization of the 

material factors and 

identifies key 

sustainability factors to 

be reported upon 

Validation of the completeness 

of key sustainability factors 

identified to finalize the 

sustainability report content 

Review focuses on the 

material factors in 

previous reporting 

period and also 

considers 

stakeholder’s 

feedback, changing 

business landscape and 

emerging trends 


 

10 

 

STAKEHOLDERS AND MATERIALITY 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT  

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and 

material aspects relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders 

are also taken into account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders 

include, but are not limited to, customers, suppliers, employees, investors, and regulators. We 

adopt both formal and informal channels of communication to understand the needs of key 

stakeholders, and incorporate these into our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial 

relationships. 

 

The table below sets out our engagement with our stakeholders:  

 

Employees 

 

Customers 

– Networking sessions  

– Open dialogues among 

teams  

 

 

– Hotline  

– Email queries  

– Customer visits 

 

Suppliers and Service 

Providers 

 

Investors/Shareholders 

 

Government and Regulators 

– Face-to-face meetings  

– Annual review and 

feedback sessions 

 

– Group Annual Report  

– Annual General Meeting  

– Group Results 

Announcements  

– Informal discussion 

 

– Face-to-face meetings  

– Regular reports  

– Participation in discussions 

 

 

 

 


 

11 

MATERIAL ASPECTS ASSESSMENT  

We conducted a materiality assessment during the year with the help of an external consultant. 

Going forward, materiality review will be conducted every year, incorporating inputs from the 

stakeholder engagements. 

 

To determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment and society and the influence on the stakeholders.  Senior management took part 

along with our consultant. Aspects were identified and prioritised through internal workshops, 

peer reviews and social impact assessments at site level.  Applying the guidance from GRI, we 

have identified the following material factors: 

Primary Factor 

Material Factor 

 

 

Economic 

 

1. Economic Performance 

2. Market Presence 

 

Environmental 

 

1. Energy consumption 

2. Supplier environmental assessment 

3. Compliance 

 

Social 

 

1. Fair employment practice &amp; group policy 

2. Diversity &amp; inclusion 

3. Occupational health &amp; safety 

4. Product quality 

5. Customer feedback  

 

Governance 

 

1.Business Ethics, Anti-corruption and Compliance  

2.Enterprise Risk Management 

 


 

12 

 

ECONOMIC 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

Here at DCL, we are committed to grow our customers and exceed our customers’ expectations 

and providing them with competitive edge products by enhancing operational efficiency by 

constantly upgrading our production capabilities via new techniques, technologies and 

automation of processes, extending range of inventory of quality, brand-name products, 

providing personal service and competitive pricing and dependable and on-time delivery. For 

detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our Annual Report 2017: 

• Financial Highlights, page 06 

• Operations Review, page 04 – 05 

• Financial Statements, page 59 – 65 

 

Our objective is to establish ourselves to be a market leader in our core and diversified 

businesses by providing quality products and services at competitive prices. 

 

MARKET PRESENCE 

We supply our resin compounding products to plastic injection moulders (“PIMs”) and original 

equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”) who in turn serve customers such as Hewlett-Packard, Dell, 

BenQ, Netgear, Sharp, Sony, Asus, Alcatel and Lego. Our production facilities in Suzhou are 

amongst the leading companies in Jiangsu Province, PRC, and are strategically located near 

existing and potential customers. Our other production facilities are located in Malaysia and 

Vietnam.  

 

In Malaysia, our production facilities manufacture heavy-duty polyethylene bags and other 

plastic packaging materials. Presently, we serve mainly the petrochemical hub on Jurong Island 

and our neighbouring countries. 


 

13 

 

ENVIRONMENT  

 

The Group is aware of the environmental impact from manufacturing activities and is dedicated 

to ensure our operations and business activities comply with environmental protection 

regulations and safety regulations. 

 

The Company strives to reduce, reuse and recycle materials wherever possible. We reduce our 

demands on the environment through designing processes and incorporating environmental 

considerations at all stages of our production and operation. The Company complied with 

international guidelines on pollution management. 

 

We focus on creating value through our offering of products and services that reduce 

environmental impact. 

 

The Group is proud to be accredited the following environmental certifications: 

● ISO 9001 Certification - ISO 9001 is the international standard that specifies requirements 

for a quality management system (QMS). Organizations use the standard to demonstrate the 

ability to consistently provide products and services that meet customer and regulatory 

requirements. 

● ISO 14001 Certification - ISO 14001 standard is primarily concerned with the approach of 

"environmental management", which provides guidance to the organisation in order to 

minimise harmful effects on the environment caused by business activities and achieve 

continual improvement of environmental performance. 

● RoHS Compliance - RoHS stands for Restriction of Hazardous Substances. RoHS, also known 

as Directive 2002/95/EC, originated in the European Union and restricts the use of specific 

hazardous materials found in electrical and electronic products. 

 

ENERGY CONSUMPTION  

DCL has been gathering information on electricity usage of our plants and electricity per 

production output for current year’s Sustainability Report. 


 

14 

 

 

The slight decrease in FY2017 was due to change in production mix for printed polyethylene 

packaging rolls and customers’ increasing requests to print text on these rolls.  

 

In order to manage energy effectively, we have adopted the following measures: 

1. Communicating national and local energy conservation laws and regulations and the Group's 

energy management policies with management to and enhance their awareness so that goal 

congruence towards environmental sustainability can be achieved.   

2.  Operating an Optimex FFS Coex 3-Layer Blow Film Line in PP. This is one of the lowest 

specific energy consumption levels in the industry. In addition, the flexibility it gives with 

easy changeovers that can be automated using optional modules and profiles helps reduce 

time, energy and raw material wastage. 

3. Initiating a project to redeploy redesigned lamps at strategic locations to minimize energy 

usage.  

4.  Changing to energy saving LED bulbs on a replacement basis moving forward. 

 

The energy use in our offices is small compared to our factory, however it is important to make 

all our staff aware of their role in protecting the environment at all levels. We have recycling 

bins for paper and for electronic waste such as printer cartridges and laptops. At DCL, we make 









550

560

570

580

590

600

610

620

KWH/PRODUCTION OUTPUT











FY2016





FY2017


 

15 

all our staff know that protecting the environment is more than just a corporate social 

responsibility exercise and we continually find new ways to improve the efficiency of our 

operations while at the same time reducing our impact on the environment. 

 

SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT 

Formal supplier environmental assessments will be conducted for FY2018. However, we 

currently ask that all our suppliers comply with all local laws and regulations. The Company has 

a relationship with suppliers where we ask them to complete a questionnaire for health and 

safety purposes. Next year environmental assessment will be included. 

 

 

SOCIAL 

 

Here at DCL, our employees are the drivers of our business and we believe in creating a 

respectful, rewarding and safe working environment for our people. We support and respect 

the protection of internationally proclaimed human rights. 

 

We respect human rights, support the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour, 

especially child labour, and do not tolerate any discrimination in respect of employment and 

occupation. 

 

DCL believes in employee training and continual career development. The Company provides 

competitive remuneration based on merit to all our employees. Our employees are not covered 

by collective bargaining agreements, but are given the right to exercise freedom of association. 

Employees are given a minimum of one month’s notice prior to any implementation of 

significant operational changes that could substantially affect them. 

 

All employees at our operations in Malaysia factory hold permanent contracts and work full-

time. We seldom rely on workers who are not full-time employees. 

 

 


 

16 

 

DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 









 





 


17 

 

 

 

A diverse workforce is an asset in today's ever-changing global marketplace. We cultivate an 

inclusive culture where employees with wide-ranging backgrounds and qualities are highly 

motivated, engaged and connected. 

 

 

The employee engagement survey is conducted periodically to determine the level of 

satisfaction and to gather feedback. Employees’ inputs are taken into account in the 

formulation of human resource practices and programmes such as Corporate Social 

Responsibility (CSR) or Workplace Health Promotion (WHP) activities. 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

We are also committed to safeguarding our employees’ health and safety against any potential 

workplace hazards. 

 

The focus on health and safety is important for DCL to achieve world-class performance. It is 

not only a fundamental right for our workers to be able to work in a safe environment, but 

when our employees’ wellness is attained, our productivity increases, and our best is given to 

our customers. From implementing job safety guidelines and procedures to conduct rigorous 

safety trainings, we are committed to provide a hazard-free workplace to ensure the wellbeing 

of both our employees and environment. 

DCL employs a variety of measures to ensure the health and safety of all our staff. Starting 

from a methodological documentation of all occupational health and safety issues on an 

employee level, we listen to all our employees’ safety concerns and suggestions. The Company 

conducts regular safety checks and enforces all relevant health and safety rules. Our employees 






18 

 

 

are trained to be safety conscious and all potential hazards in the workplace are identified. 

 

Specifically, DCL provides our staff with the following training: 

1. ISO 9001 &amp; 14001 Internal Auditors Refresh Training 

2. Fire Safety Presentation &amp; Evaluation Drill 

3. Quality &amp; Productivity Improvement with 5S 

4. ISO9001:2015/14001:2015 Awareness Training 

5. GMP Awareness 

6. GMP Internal Auditors Training 

7. Forklift Operators’ &amp; Safety Training  

 

Our new employees undergo the required safety training and drills to familiarize themselves 

with the operation of the machinery and equipment as well as the safety precautions and 

procedures during the production process.  

 

We conduct safety risk assessments at all levels and at all operating locations. Staff perform a 

regular checks using our Plant Safety &amp; Health Audit Checklist to ensure that training is given 

to new employees, environment is conducive for working, proper processes are in place, 

machinery have been checked, and that all electrical and junction boxes are in good working 

condition., Checks are made to ensure materials are stored properly, that there is no 

obstruction in the event of fire and that proper health precautions are taken.  The Plant Safety 

&amp; Health Audit Checklist is reviewed and followed up by the Production Manager and reviewed 

by the Safety &amp; Health Officer and signed off by the Safety and Health Chairman. . This is to 

ensure the internal controls are monitored by management. Any issues will be highlighted by 

these reports and remedied. 

 


19 

 

We have a safety committee to oversee the promotion of safety culture and practices in the 

workplace. Led by a member of our management, the committee includes representatives from 

each functional department. Quarterly meetings are held to discuss safety related matters, 

including reviews of changes in regulatory requirements, outcomes of monthly safety 

inspection, results from regular risk assessments and the necessary preventive measures. The 

information is then disseminated by committee members to their peers during their respective 

department meetings. All of our employees are represented by the joint management-worker 

safety committee. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

To prevent noise-induced deafness (NID), all factory production staff is required to use 

appropriate personal protection equipment at work. It is mandatory that all of our new staff is 

required to go through audiometric tests, which are followed-up annually to monitor hearing 

and detect any symptoms of NID. In addition, on a quarterly basis, Huiye Polymer meets 

authorities on ‘safety, health and environment’ matters. 

 

Huiye Polymer received the following certifications from Industrial Safety Management 

Services. Huiye Polymer passed all assessments satisfactorily with no issues. 

1. Chemical Health Risk Assessment JKKP IH 127/121-2(51) 

2. Noise Monitoring JKJ IH 127/5/3-1 (NO38) 

3. Mineral Dust Monitoring JKJ IH 127/5/4-1(16) 

4. Lead Monitoring JKKP IH 1279/21-1 

5. Hygiene Technician 1 JKKP/IH 127/1/171/-3/1(3) 

6. Hygiene Technician 2 JKKP/IH 127/171-3/2(13)  






20 

 

 

We are pleased to report that we have a zero industrial accidents as well as a zero man-days 

lost for FY2017. We will continue to stress workplace safety at all times and aim for accident 

frequency rate of zero in the upcoming years. 

 

PRODUCT QUALITY  

In order to maintain product quality the Group is proud to be accredited to the following 

environmental certifications: 

● ISO 9001 Certification: ISO 9001 is the international standard that specifies requirements 

for a quality management system (QMS). Organizations use the standard to demonstrate the 

ability to consistently provide products and services that meet customer and regulatory 

requirements. 

● Good Manufacturing Practices - WHO-GMP: Good Manufacturing Practices Certificate gives 

us the right to be listed in the Directory of registered companies as a manufacturer of food 

grade polyethylene packaging. 

 

 




21 

 

 

CUSTOMER FEEDBACK  

DCL conducts an annual customer survey. The overall rating from our top ten customers for 

YA2017 has improved from 85 to 88 out of a maximum score of 100. Huiye Polymer was able to 

meet all expectations listed in the key factors of customer service, receiving a 100% satisfaction 

rating from our top ten customers, exceeding the target set of 95% customer satisfaction target 

we had set ourselves.  These key factors are as follows: 

● Quality of products 

● On-time delivery of goods 

● Customer services 

● Technical Assistance. 

 

 

ASSOCIATIONS AND MEMBERSHIPS  

Huiye Polymer is a member of: 

1) Malaysian Plastics Manufacturers Association (MPMA) 

2) Malaysian International Chamber Of Commerce &amp; Industry (MICCI)  

3) Federation of Malaysian Manufacturers (FMM)   

 


22 

 

ORGANIZATIONAL PROFILE 

 

Established in 1993, DCL Limited is principally engaged in the business of colour compounding 

and modified compounding of resins, which are used in the manufacture of external casings or 

component parts of electrical appliances and electronic devices. 

 

We supply our resin compounding products to plastic injection moulders (“PIMs”) and original 

equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”) who in turn serve customers such as Hewlett-Packard, Dell, 

BenQ, Netgear, Sharp, Sony, Asus, Alcatel and Lego. Our production facilities in Suzhou are 

amongst the leading companies in Jiangsu Province, PRC, and are strategically located near 

existing and potential customers. Our other production facilities are located in Malaysia and 

Vietnam. 

 

In Malaysia, our production facilities manufacture heavy-duty polyethylene bags and other 

plastic packaging materials. Presently, we serve mainly the petrochemical hub on Jurong Island 

and our neighbouring countries. 

 





