
 

Page 1 



BUILDING ON 



Strong  

Foundations  



SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2019 






 

Page 2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Board Statement .................................................................................................................... 3 

About EC World ..................................................................................................................... 4 

About this Report ................................................................................................................... 7 

Highlights............................................................................................................................... 7 

Our Sustainability Approach ................................................................................................... 8 

      Sustainability Governance ................................................................................................ 8 

      Stakeholder Engagement ................................................................................................. 8 

      Materiality Assessment ................................................................................................... 10 

Governance ......................................................................................................................... 11 

      Risk Management .......................................................................................................... 11 

      Ethics and Integrity ......................................................................................................... 13 

      Regulatory Compliance .................................................................................................. 15 

Our Business ....................................................................................................................... 18 

      Quality of Assets ............................................................................................................ 18 

      Product Innovation ......................................................................................................... 22 

Our People .......................................................................................................................... 25 

      Profile of Our Workforce ................................................................................................. 25 

      Workplace Health and Safety .......................................................................................... 26 

Our Environment .................................................................................................................. 31 

      Energy Use and GHG Emission ...................................................................................... 31 

GRI Content Index ............................................................................................................... 35 

 


 

Page 3 

BOARD STATEMENT 

Dear Stakeholders,  

 

Welcome to our third sustainability report for EC World Real Estate Investment Trust (“EC World REIT” or 

the “REIT”). This report features our Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) performance from 1 

January to 31 December 2019 (“FY2019”). EC World Asset Management Pte. Ltd. (“ECWAM” or the 

“Manager”) prepares sustainability reporting with the Board’s guidance, and fully implements the integration 

of sustainability into EC World REIT’s strategic formulation with the Board’s support. The Board will be     

informed of any material ESG findings and the measures by the Executive Director and Chief Executive   

Officer of the Manager, Mr Goh Toh Sim.  

 

The Board believes only a sustainable business can achieve sustained success. Hence, the Board          

proactively identifies, monitors, and manages ESG factors which are material to EC World REIT. We adopt a 

top-down sustainability governance structure and framework to introduce sustainability initiatives and     

projects across our operations. This management approach has been supported and endorsed by Forchn 

Holdings Group Co. Ltd. (“the Sponsor”). Below is a description of our ESG management philosophy and 

strategy.  

 

Environmental  

 

EC World REIT recognises the importance of conserving the environment and mitigating climate change. As 

our business portfolio continues to expand, we aim to be environmentally responsible and minimise the 

company’s negative environmental impact. A focus on managing our environmental footprint is the energy 

use and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. To accurately track our energy consumption, the REIT records 

and analyses the monthly energy use data. We promote energy conservation through campaigns among 

the employees and tenants. The lighting at night time has been reasonably minimised as well. We also 

adopt energy-efficient lighting and explore solar energy projects to curb energy use and GHG emissions 

from the sources. Apart from energy use and GHG emissions, EC World REIT sets procedures and         

undertakes initiatives to manage its water use, waste generation, and emissions of other air pollutants.   

 

Social 

 

We firmly believe the well-being of our people plays a pivotal role in the REIT’s prosperity. The REIT strives 

to provide a safe and healthy workplace to our employees, service providers, tenants, and local              

communities. Within the REIT, we established the Environmental and Safety Department and a Safety 

Steering Committee from the Property Manager to address health and safety issues collaboratively. We set 

up programmes and plans to provide adequate and timely education on occupational health and safety for 

our employees. We organise annual fire drills to equip our people with necessary emergency response 

skills. Additionally, the REIT ensures our quality of assets and regularly innovates to create a great tenant 

and employee experience. 

 

Governance 

 

Corporate governance is a testimonial for whether an organisation fulfils its duties and takes up                 

responsibilities. As a company which upholds a credible and established corporate governance, the REIT 

has zero-tolerance towards non-compliance with the laws and regulations. We have a complete range of 

policies and procedures to identify, examine, and prevent any misbehaviour and negligence. We seek to be 

transparent and credible to both our stakeholders and society at large via prompt updates and circulars.  

 

We are truly grateful for the generous support from the Sponsor and all stakeholders in our sustainability 

journey. EC World REIT will continue to advance our sustainability performance and practices. We look   

forward to the interactions with our stakeholders on this in the future.  

 

Yours sincerely,  

 

Mr Goh Toh Sim  

on behalf of the Board of EC World Asset Management Pte. Ltd.  


 

Page 4 

ABOUT EC WORLD  

Overview of EC World REIT 

EC World REIT is a Singapore Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) whose strategy is to invest principally, 

directly or indirectly in a diversified portfolio of income-producing real estates. The real estates are primarily 

used for e-commerce, supply-chain management and logistics purposes, as well as real estate-related    

assets, with an initial geographical focus on the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). The Manager is a 

wholly-owned subsidiary of the Sponsor – Forchn Holdings Group Co. Ltd. Yuntong Property Management 

Co. Ltd., also a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Sponsor, is the property manager (“Property Manager”) for 

the properties in China.  

EC World REIT’s structure 



1 As at 31 December 2019. Includes Units held by the Manager. 


 

Page 5 

Properties of EC World REIT 

EC World REIT’s Vision and Mission 

EC World REIT primarily leases assets in E-Commerce Logistics Facilities, Port Logistics Facilities and   

Specialised Logistics Facilities. By enhancing these assets, EC World REIT endeavours to provide our 

stakeholders and unitholders with sustained value generation. The Manager has incorporated and detailed 

this aim into the REIT’s vision and mission, as demonstrated below.  

EC World REIT aims to be the premier       

e-commerce and specialised logistics REIT 

in Asia. It strives to create long-term value 

for all of our stakeholders by capturing    

opportunities driven by the fast-growing     

e-commerce and specialised logistics      

sectors. 

Vision 

• Deliver stable, sustainable and growing 

distributions to our unitholders  

• Offer a differentiated and high-quality  

asset portfolio  

• Grow and diversify our portfolio through 

yield accretive acquisitions  

• Adopt active asset management       

strategies to enhance performance and 

value our properties 

Mission 

































Chongxian Port Investment 

Chongxian Port Logistics 

Fuzhuo Industrial 

Stage 1 Properties of Bei 

Gang Logistics 

Fu Heng  Warehouse 

Hengde Logistics 

Wuhan Meiluote 

Fuzhou E-Commerce* 

*Fuzhou E-Commerce was acquired by EC World REIT on 8 August 2019 


 

Page 6 

EC World REIT’s Product Fulfilment Cycle 

Tenancy Mix and Types of Assets 

Supply Chain Management 

EC World REIT’s strategically develops its asset portfolio to fulfil the product cycle of the e-commerce and 

specialised logistics business. The figure below illustrates the role of our different asset types. 

As a REIT focusing on logistics and e-commerce, EC World REIT is always cognizant of the importance of 

supply chain management in the organisation’s reputation and success. Hence, the Manager at EC World 

REIT strives to actively and responsibly manage the supply chain, with an emphasis on procuring materials 

sustainably. We adopt a twofold evaluation to achieve procurement that maximises the benefit for EC World 

REIT and our stakeholders. Firstly, the products and services provided by long-term suppliers will be     

scrutinised and examined. On the other hand, all short-term suppliers have to acknowledge and abide by 

terms and conditions related to sustainability considerations. We believe this evaluation will prevent              

inappropriate behaviour and safeguard our stakeholder’s interests.  

As of 31 December 2019, there were a total of 21 different tenants across the portfolio that contributed to 

gross rental income. Figures below show the breakdown of tenancy according to trade sector by net      

lettable area and by valuation. For more information, please refer to our Annual Report 2019.  

Tenancy Mix and asset type (breakdown by net lettable area) as of 31 December 2019  










 

Page 7 

ABOUT THE REPORT 

This report has been prepared in accordance with the internationally recognised GRI Standards: Core     

option and GRI’s Construction and Real Estate Sector Supplement (“CRESS”). The Manager also ensures 

that sustainability reporting practices at the REIT comply with SGX-ST Listing Manual Rules 711(A) and  

711(B). External assurance has not been obtained for this reporting period. Still, the Manager will review its 

need as our sustainability reporting journey advances. For questions, suggestions, and feedback related to          

sustainability matters, please send them to Ms Sabrina Tay, Senior Manager (Investor Relations) at 

ir@ecwreit.com.  

Reporting Scope 

This report covers ESG data and practices of EC World REIT for FY2019. 3-year ESG trend analyses will be 

presented with the ESG performance data from FY2018 and FY2017, wherever applicable. In FY2019, the 

reporting scope newly includes Fuzhou E-Commerce which was acquired by EC World REIT on 8 August 

2019. 

Reporting Scope by Geographical Locations in FY2019 

Singapore 

9 Raffles Place #45-02 Republic 

Plaza, Singapore (Corporate 

Office)  

Hangzhou, China 

• Fu Heng Warehouse  

• Fuzhou E-Commerce 

• Stage 1 Properties of Bei 

Gang Logistics  

• Hengde Logistics 

• Chongxian Port Investment  

• Chongxian Port Logistics  

• Fu Zhuo Industrial  

 

Wuhan, China 

• Wuhan Meiluote 

2019 HIGHLIGHTS 

Disciplined               

Investment 

Acquisition of Fuzhou         

E-Commerce, a rare      

sizable integrated               

e-commerce logistics asset 

Successfully refinanced 

loans due in July 2019  

extending debt maturity 



1.2MW 

Rooftop solar installation at Fu 

Heng Warehouse started in 

2019 and completed in 2020 



3-Storey 

Auto Storage Retrieval  System 

at Fuzhou E-Commerce put into 

operation at the end of 2019 





Prudent Capital and 

Debt Management 


 

Page 8 

OUR SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

Sustainability Commitment 

The long-term success and business continuity of 

EC World REIT depend significantly on the      

integration of a sustainable ESG framework in its 

daily activities. Therefore, the Manager always 

seeks to plan and undertake ESG initiatives and 

projects in our day-to-day operations to create 

favourable financial and non-financial impacts. By 

organising training and campaigns, the Manager 

also anticipates an increase in sustainability 

awareness 

among 

our 

stakeholders 

and          

unitholders. With continuous backing from the 

Sponsor 

and 

growing 

support 

from 

our        

stakeholders, the Manager expects to reach new 

heights in our sustainability journey.  

Sustainability Governance 

At EC World REIT, our Executive Director and 

Chief Executive Officer Mr Goh Toh Sim leads 

the assessment of the REIT’s ESG policies and 

practices. The senior management of the      

Manager and Property Manager facilitate the 

evaluation and account for the sustainability 

practices and initiatives across the REIT’s     

properties.  

Stakeholder Engagement 

To achieve the goal of sustainable long-term   

value creation for all stakeholders, the Manager 

frequently interacts with our stakeholders to  

gather their feedback and enhance a strong    

relationship.  

Stakeholders 

Goals 

Mode 

Frequency 

 

Our Response 

Unitholders   

Provide clear 

and accurate 

information to 

the investing 

public through 

timely          

communication    

Telephone calls   Ad-hoc 

• Financial    

performance  

• Outlook and 

growth   

• Regulatory 

compliance  

  

• Proactive    

investor      

outreach    

programme 

• Timely      

communica-

tion through 

SGXnet and 

website  

• Adoption and 

adaption of 

relevant      

policies and 

procedures 

such as      

Enterprise Risk 

Management 

(“ERM”),    

corporate  

governance 

policies    

Email  

 Ad-hoc 

AGM/EGM (if 

necessary)  

Annually for 

AGM  

Face-to-face  

Ad-hoc 

Conferences  

Ad-hoc 

Site Visits  

As and when 

required  

Social Media  

As and when 

required  

Corporate  

Website  

As and when 

required  

Announcements 

on SGX-ST 

At least       

quarterly 

Employees and 

Workers 

Provide a      

holistic and   

inclusive        

environment 

with enhanced 

well-being and 

productivity, 

with potential for 

growth 

Weekly staff 

meeting   

Weekly  

• Competitive 

remuneration 

• Personal     

career growth 

• Adoption of 

competitive 

compensation 

and benefits 

programme 

Emails corre-

spondences 

Ad-hoc 

Open discussion  Ad-hoc 

Annual          

performance 

appraisal  

Annually 

Stakeholder’s 

Concerns 






 

Page 9 

OUR SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

Stakeholders 

Goals 

Mode 

Frequency 

 

Our Response 

 

Employees and 

Workers 

(continued) 

and self-

development 

Instant         

messaging apps Ad-hoc  

 

 

Tenants  

Provide       

comfortable, 

safe, secured 

and clean work 

environment for 

our tenants   

Telephone calls  Daily 

• Competitive 

rental 

• Responsive-

ness to       

requests and 

feedback   

• Active         

discussions on 

a regular basis   

Emails  

Ad-hoc 

Face-to-face 

engagements 

Ad-hoc 

Real-time   

problem solving  

As and when 

needed  

 

Suppliers  

Secure reliable 

supply chain  

Emails 

Ad-hoc 

• Delay/Default 

in Payment  

• Prompt         

processing of 

payment 

 

 

Local          

Communities 

Create a     

comfortable, 

safe, secured 

and clean social 

environment at 

the work areas 

Community  

participation 

activities such 

as cleaning  

Ad-hoc  

• Pollution 

• Traffic jams 

• Trash  

• Promptly    

responding to 

needs to the 

community 

and         

neighbours  

 

Government   

Compliance with 

relevant       

government  

policies, rules 

and regulations   

External       

consultants 

Ad-hoc 

• Compliance 

with local laws 

and            

regulations 

• Internal    

Compliance 

Senior      

Manager  

• External legal 

consultants  

Meetings/ 

emails 

Ad-hoc 

 

 

Non-profit     

Organisations 

Actively seek 

donation drives 

in local        

communities, 

lend a helping 

hand, monetary 

donation 

Emails 

Ad-hoc 

• Contributions 

to local     

communities 

• Responsible 

and ethical 

business  

practices  

• Evaluation of 

sponsorship 

opportunities 

which are       

in line with 

REIT’s ESG 

efforts and 

goals 

Sending        

employee      

volunteer 

groups 

As and when 

needed  

Stakeholder’s 

Concerns 














 

Page 10 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

The Manager undertook EC World REIT’s first 

materiality assessment with the assistance from 

an external consultant in June 2018. The       

evaluation comprised of four steps and involved 

key stakeholders from various departments within 

the REIT. The exercise finally determined three     

material matters and two additional matters.  

 

In FY2019, the Board confirmed the relevance 

and significance of the material matters identified  

in 

2018 

after 

a 

materiality 

review 

and               

reassessment. For Workplace Health and Safety, 

the Board approved the use of GRI 403 2018 

Standard 

to 

endorse 

up-to-date 

reporting     

practices. The Board also agreed to continue the 

disclosure of the two additional matters that are 

relevant to our business. Please refer to the    

figure below for a full list of the REIT’s material 

matters and additional matters.  

In the subsequent        

reporting period, the    

material matters approved 

by the Board are          

reassessed to ensure that 

the material matters     

remain relevant and     

material to the business.  



Review 

Identified material matters 

are presented to the 

Board for approval. 



Validation 



The identification of         

Economic, Environmental, 

Social, and Governance 

(EESG) factors is based on 

an analysis of peer      

benchmarking and internal 

management decisions.  

Identification 



Taking into account the   

different perspectives of 

both internal and external 

stakeholders, the Board 

rates and prioritises the 

identified EESG matters via 

an anonymous voting     

session by the                 

representatives of various 

departments. 

Prioritisation 



Four-step approach in EC World 

REIT’s materiality assessment 



MATERIAL MATTERS 

EESG Matter 

Mapped GRI Standard 

Code 

Regulatory Compliance GRI 307, GRI 419 

Workplace Health and 

Safety 

GRI 403 

Quality of Assets 

GRI G4 CRE-8 



ADDITIONAL MATTERS 

EESG Matter 

Mapped GRI Stand-

ard Code 

Energy Use and GHG 

Emission 

GRI 302, GRI 305 

Product Innovation 

(Value Added       

No topic-specific GRI 

Standard 


 

Page 11 

GOVERNANCE 

Risk Management 

Robust risk management is key to the business at 

EC World REIT and its subsidiaries (collectively, 

the “EC World REIT Group”). The Manager timely 

and proactively undertakes the identification, 

management, monitoring, and reporting of      

material risks for the strategy and operations 

across the EC World REIT Group.   

As for the risk governance across EC World REIT 

Group, the Board is responsible for executing it 

and overseeing the risk management with the 

help of the Audit and Risk Committee (the 

“ARC”). The Board’s responsibilities consist of 

the determination of EC World Group’s risk     

appetite, the oversight of the Manager’s            

 

Enterprise 

Risk 

Management 

(“ERM”)        

Framework, regular reviews of EC World REIT 

Group’s risk profile, material risks and mitigation 

strategies, and the supervision over the effective-

ness 

of 

risk 

management 

policies 

and             

procedures. The material risks across EC World 

REIT Group can be summarised into business 

interruption risk, competition risk, credit risk,  

economic risk, information technology risk,      

foreign 

currency 

risk, 

interest 

rate 

risk,            

investment risk, leasing risk, liquidity risk, and 

regulatory and compliance risk. The Manager 

adopts the ERM Framework as illustrated below 

for risk management. Please refer to EC World 

REIT’s Annual Report 2019 to understand more 

about our risk management approach.  



Risk Identification 

&amp; Assessment 

Risk Monitoring &amp; 

Reporting 

Risk Response 







ERM  

FRAMEWORK 

• Key Risk Indicators  

• Quarterly Compliance 

Checklist 

• Accept  

• Avoid 

• Mitigate 

• Transfer 

• Risk Appetite 

• Risk &amp; Control Self-Assessment 

• Investment Risk Evaluation 

• Scenario Analysis 

• Whistle-blowing/Business Malpractice 

RISK-AWARE, 

RISK STRATEGY 


 

Page 12 

Spotlight: EC World REIT’s Risk Register 2020 

To proactively identify the emerging risks and examine the completeness of risks faced by EC 

World REIT in a timely manner, the Manager performed a risk assessment exercise with the help 

of an external consultant. Using a heatmap with risk scores, the Manager prioritised the top 10 

inherent risks. Based on the top 10 inherent risks, the Manager developed a detailed risk-based 

internal audit plan with roles &amp; responsibilities:  

No.  

Risk 

Audit Area 

Roles &amp;                  

Responsibilities 

REIT 

Manager 

Property 

Manager  

1 

Financial Market Capital Management 

 

 

2 

Funding 

Capital Management 

 

 

3 

Governance &amp; 

Compliance 

Interested Person Transactions            

Compliance Management 

 

 

4 

Investment &amp; 

Acquisition 

Investment Strategy 

 

 

5 

Human Resource Talent Management 

 

 

6 

Commercial 

Lease Management, Tenant Management 

 

 

7 

Accounting &amp; 

Reporting  

Financial Closure 

 

 

8 

Regulatory &amp;   

Legal 

Outsourcing 

 

 

9 

Operational 

Asset Management, Procurement, Cash 

Management, Business Continuity Plan 

 

 

10 Information 

Technology 

IT General Control 

 

 

Frequent risk register review and internal audit plans will guide EC World REIT to conduct risk 

management timely, accurately, adaptably, and comprehensively. Consequently, the REIT can 

safeguard the interests and value for its stakeholders.   


 

Page 13 

Ethics and Integrity 

At 

EC 

World 

REIT, 

the 

Manager 

takes              

responsibilities of maintaining the integrity and 

reputation of our business. All employees are  

required to comply with applicable laws and    

regulations, code of conduct, and internal ethical 

standards. EC World REIT does not tolerate any 

unethical behaviours and takes disciplinary     

actions 

without 

hesitation. 

Regarding            

cross-boundary transactions, the Manager also  

 

requires employees to abide by the laws and  

regulations strictly in our operating countries.  

 

When it comes to conflicts of interest, ECWAM 

implements policies to identify and manage any 

potential cases between the Manager, its        

directors, and employees. Standard procedures 

in place include internal mediation and disclosure 

with the consent from the affected party.  

  

  

  

  

  

  

01 

02 

03 

04 

05 

06 

Act with integrity, competence, diligence, respect and in an ethical manner with the 

public, clients, prospective clients, employers, employees, colleagues in the        

investment profession, and other participants in the global capital markets. 

Place the integrity of the investment profession and the interests of clients above 

their personal interests. 

Use reasonable care and exercise independent professional judgement when    

conducting investment analysis, making investment recommendations, taking     

investment actions, and engaging in other professional activities. 

Practice and encourage others to practice professionally and ethically that will    

reflect credit on themselves and the profession. 

Promote the integrity and viability of the global capital markets for the ultimate    

benefit of society.  

Maintain and improve their professional competence and strive to maintain and   

enhance the expertise of other investment professionals.  

Requirement of the Manager’s employees 


 

Page 14 

Whistle-blowing 

To enhance the effectiveness of the risk        

management and strength of ethics and integrity, 

EC World REIT formulated and adopted a clear, 

firm, and trustworthy whistle-blowing policy. All 

employees are encouraged to report concerns 

and possible ethical breaches such as fraud,  

corruption, 

bribery 

or 

blackmail, 

criminal          

offences, non-compliance with legal or regulatory      

 

requirements, miscarriage of justice, health and 

safety 

threats 

and 

risks. 

Apart 

from 

the             

independent investigations, follow-up plans and 

corrective actions to protect our business, the  

policy also ensures the security and privacy of                  

whistle-blowers. 

It 

protects 

them 

from               

discrimination, retaliation, harassment or reprisal 

of any kind.  

Whistle-blowing procedure 

 

 

01 

 

 

02 

 

 

03 

 

 

04 

 

 

05 

Any person may 

report allegations of 

suspected serious 

misconduct or any 

breach or          

suspected breach 

of law or regulation, 

which may         

adversely impact 

the Company,    

unitholders,        

employees,        

investors or the 

public at large.  

Acts of misconduct 

may be disclosed in 

writing, by          

telephone or          

in-person.        

However, all       

reports are         

encouraged to be 

made in writing to 

ensure a clear   

understanding of 

the issues raised. 

All misconduct 

must be reported 

directly to the  

Compliance Officer 

who will report to 

the ARC Chairman, 

in writing,           

telephone, or in 

person, whichever 

is appropriate. 

The whistle-blower 

shall be expected 

to prove the truth of 

an allegation and to 

demonstrate      

sufficiency on 

grounds for       

concern.  

All employees shall 

refer to the      

Company’s ‘Whistle

-blowing Policy’ for 

details and         

procedures in    

reporting           

misconduct.  


 

Page 15 



Complying with the regulations and laws is a prerequisite for EC World REIT to be 

reputable, profitable, and sustainable in the long term. If non-compliance happens, 

the REIT can be significantly impacted by fines or punitive damages that can limit 

its operations and revenue generation. The Board of the Manager and its           

employees may also be subject to a significant amount of fines or even               

imprisonment. 

The topic covers EC World REIT itself and its subsidiaries. 

Why this material topic and its boundary 



The Board and Senior Executive Staff of the Manager are accountable for the  

compliance and the organisation-wide ethical culture of EC World REIT. 

Responsibilities 



Complaints handling—the Manager takes charge of timely, fairly, and thorough 

investigation and response to all claims, regardless of the degree of justification. 

The REIT issues a set of rules that prevent employees from following up the        

reporter of any complaints against them, confronting the reporter, or purposely 

spreading any words to the reporter that could be used against the Manager as an 

admission of liability. 

Grievance mechanism 



An annual external audit and quarterly internal audits are conducted to test the  

effectiveness of policies regarding regulatory compliance. 

Evaluation 

Regulatory Compliance  


 

Page 16 

At EC World REIT, we have adopted a diverse 

range of policies on regulatory compliance. 

These 

include 

Insider 

Trading, 

Gifts 

and          

Entertainment Policy, Anti-Money Laundering and 

Countering 

the 

Financing 

of 

Terrorism,            

Prevention of Corruption Act (“PCA”), Use of  

Employee Personal Data, and Access and      

Correction Requests of the Employee.  

 

Policies on regulatory compliance 

Gifts and Entertainment Policy 

To reduce the likelihood of a breach of section 5 or 6 of the 

Prevention of Corruption Act (“PCA”), the Manager has 

adopted a gift and hospitality policy which allows employees 

of the Manager to accept gifts of value not more than 

S$200. 

 

Employees of the Manager must exercise discretion when 

accepting gifts of any form from a Business Associate such 

that it does not influence the proper discharge of the      

employee’s duties to raise any question of impropriety. 

Use of Employees       

Personal Data 

The Manager seeks to ensure that its 

employees have the right of protecting 

the personal data, and also the need 

for the firm to collect, use and disclose 

personal data only for purposes that a 

reasonable person would consider 

appropriate in the circumstances. 

 

The Manager complies with the     

Personal Data Protection Act 

(“PDPA”), as well as the common law 

and other relevant laws that are     

applied to the fund management   

Industry, when handling personal data 

in their possession. 

Insider Trading 

The Manager is privy to market research, client’s          

information and its own internally generated research. The 

Manager and its employees must be aware and vigilant to 

ensure that no one can be accused of being a party to any 

“insider trading”. 

 

Where an employee who knowingly trades either personally 

or for a client while in possession of insider information may 

be subjected to immediate suspension and/or dismissal. 

Anti-Money Laundering and Coun-

tering the Financing of Terrorism 

The manager is required to comply with 

local legislation in respect of anti-money 

laundering and terrorist financing as 

well as applicable international law and 

standards. 

Prevention of Corruption Act (“PCA”) 

The Manager adheres strictly to the PCA and has a strong 

stance against any form of corruption. Any kind of       

corruption will not be tolerated. 

 

It is an offence for a person in Singapore either individually 

or with another person to corruptly solicit or receive or 

agree to receive or corruptly give, promise or offer another 

person any gratification as an inducement to or reward for 

any person doing or forbearing to do anything. Similar 

prohibitions apply on an agent accepting or giving bribes 

for his principal. In either case, an offence has occurred 

which is punishable in Singapore by a fine up to 

S$100,000 and imprisonment for five years. 



Access and Correction Request of the Employee 

Every individual has the right of access to his/her personal 

data. Hence, the Manager will grant individual access to 

his/her personal data which it has in its own possession or 

under its control when a request is obtained. The Manager 

will also make the relevant disclosures or amendments to 

the information kept within 30 days of obtaining the      

requests. 

 

Employees are required to submit a request for access and 

correction of available information via email detailing the 

type and scope of personal information they would like to 

access or amend. 

Policies 














 

Page 17 

The Manager manages EC World REIT’s regulatory 

compliance based on the Compliance Manual,  

Internal Delegation of Authority (DOA) and Office 

Automation system. In FY2019, certain Directors 

had attended seminars conducted by Singapore 

Institute of Directors or professional firms and    

Singapore Corporate Governance Week organised 

by Securities Investors Association (Singapore). 

Periodic training is provided by the Manager to its 

Directors and employees to ensure that they are 

updated and aware of applicable anti-money 

laundering and terrorist financing regulations. 

Procedures/

Processes 

Summary 

Compliance Manual The Compliance Manual is the principal resource to assist employees in understanding 

and demonstrating compliance with laws and regulations applicable to the Manager.  

Internal DOA 

Delegation of Authority is established for subdivision and sub-allocation of powers to 

make a business decision for the EC World REIT to achieve effective results as well as 

maintain a high standard of corporate governance. 

Office Automation 

Approval System 

Office Automation Approval System is deployed in the subsidiaries of EC World REIT, 

in order to reduce manual processes and provide a consistent framework for daily op-

erational decision making as well as provide mobility and good corporate governance. 

FY2019 PERFORMANCE 

In FY2019, EC World REIT complied with the 

environmental and socioeconomic laws and 

regulations. No major non-compliance cases2 

were found and reported. In the forthcoming 

year, the Manager targets to maintain this    

record. 

PERPETUAL TARGET 

0 major  

compliance issues 

Progress/Status FY2019 

Achieved 



Practices 

ESG TREND ANALYSIS 

EC World REIT is pleased to announce we have 

no major non-compliance cases from 

FY2017—FY2019. 

FY2017 

FY2018 

FY2019 

0 major  

compliance issues 

2 Major non-compliance cases refer to the contravention of the relevant laws, regulations, and listing rules in EC World 

REIT’s operating countries.  


 

Page 18 



A building’s rental rate, tenant attraction and retention, property valuation, and 

synergy with the surroundings depends significantly on the quality of its assets. The 

Manager at EC World REIT ensures the asset quality to manage and protect our 

stakeholders’ expectation and interests. Examples of stakeholders’ expectation 

and interests are rental revenue generation, delivery of quality property, and      

impacts on local communities.  

The Manager collaborates with the Property Manager to conduct timely and      

efficient asset maintenance. Quality property management not only improves    

tenant’s leasing experience but also generates sustainable returns to unitholders 

via competitive rental rates at our properties. This topic covers all our eight      

properties in China.  

Why this material topic and its boundary 



The Board of Directors, Mr Li Jinbo (Chief Investment Officer), and Mr Teo Kah 

Ming (Vice President, Investment and Asset Management) are in charge of the 

management of quality of assets.  

Responsibilities 



When tenants experience any property-related issues during the lease term, they 

can report the problem to the Property Manager, who will then alert the Manager’s 

asset management department on a case-to-case basis. After an on-site            

investigation, the asset management department and the project department will 

address the issue together. 

Grievance mechanism 



The threefold evaluations include quarterly internal audits, annual external audit on 

our ISO9001 Quality Management System, and annual tenant surveys. The survey 

content varies across the properties. For example, Bei Gang’s survey focuses on 

daily service, supporting facilities, maintenance and environment for public areas. 

At the same time, Fu Heng and Chongxian Port conduct surveys about property 

management, hygiene, and facilities. 

Evaluation 

Quality of Assets 

OUR BUSINESS 


 

Page 19 

To manage the quality of our assets and services, 

EC 

World 

REIT 

has 

implemented 

a                 

comprehensive set of standards to all projects 

covering equipment and property. Namely, they 

are Property Management Standards, Equipment 

Asset Management Standards, Asset Security 

Management Standards, and Fixed Assets      

Insurance Management Standards.  

 

Asset management standards  

Policies 









01 

02 

03 

04 

Property Manage-

ment Standards 

• Established to 

strengthen the 

management of 

EC World REIT’s 

real estate,       

scientifically carry 

out the transfer, 

supervision and 

post-evaluation of 

investment project 

assets, achieve 

investment        

objectives,      

maximise          

investment       

benefits, and    

promote the rapid 

development of EC 

World REIT. 

Equipment Assets 

Management 

Standards 

• Formulated to 

strengthen the 

management of 

the equipment 

assets of EC 

World REIT and 

ensure the     

completeness, 

safety, reasonable 

and practical use 

of the equipment 

assets.  

Asset Security 

Management 

Standards 

• Internally          

developed to: a) 

strengthen the 

effectiveness and 

safety of asset 

management 

function; b)    

comprehensive 

security         

management of 

the rented units, 

property        

managers; c) 

comprehensive 

prevention of   

various types of 

safety accidents, 

natural disasters; 

and d) protection 

of the company’s 

business orders 

and assets 

Fixed Assets    

Security         

Management 

Standards 

• Internally           

formulated to 

strengthen the 

management of 

fixed assets of EC 

World REIT and 

ensure the       

completeness, 

safety, reasonable 

and adequate use 

of the fixed assets. 


 

Page 20 

FY2019 PERFORMANCE 

• 

In FY2019, we achieved 85% of new/renewed leases at rental rates equal or above the current   

property. In addition, the overall rent reversion for these new/renewed leases achieved in FY2019 

was 6.7%.  

• 

ISO9001:2015 standard (Quality Management System): the operations at Hengde Logistics and its 

asset, Chongxian Port Investment, and Chongxian Port Logistics conducted external audits on 

ISO9001:2015 standards at the end of FY2019. The auditor confirmed the establishment,        

maintenance, and validity of the management system at these operations.  

• 

Annual tenant surveys: we maintained a shallow unsatisfactory rate in FY2019 across three         

properties. Tenants voiced some suggestions and concerns which we would follow up and address 

accordingly.  

Assess 

• Assess the type of 

tenants and     

tenants' products 

that we want to 

attract  

Review 

• Perform annual 

reviews of     

property upkeep 

requirements 

• What are the right 

environment and 

equipment to offer 

the tenants such 

that the goods are 

loaded/unloaded 

and stored in the 

best possible  

conditions for the 

products to be 

well-kept 

Enquire 

• Evaluate the    

expected           

commercial     

impacts of       

decisions by 

budgeting and 

forecasting 

Evaluate 

• What is required 

to reduce and 

eliminate pollution 

Enquire 

Regular maintenance and annual inspection have 

been conducted by the Maintenance Units 

across properties to fulfil the local and national 

asset management standards, as demonstrated 

in the table below.  

 

Equipment name 

Progress 

Frequency 

Elevator 

Achieved in FY2019 

Monthly 

Fire equipment 

Achieved in FY2019 

Weekly, monthly, quarterly,       

Practices 

In addition, we also carried out annual tenant 

surveys at Chongxian Port, Bei Gang, and Fu 

Heng in FY2019. We collected tenants’       

feedback on customer hotline, front desk     

customer service, industrial park maintenance, 

responsiveness, hygiene condition, and        

security. Tenants can also provide other     

comments and suggestions via this channel.  


 

Page 21 

PERPETUAL TARGET  

1. New/renewed leases at rental rates equal to or above the rental rate of 

the current property.  

Not met 

2.  Perform maintenance and inspection of the assets as per national and 

local standards. 

Achieved 



Spotlight: Atrium Roof at Fu Heng 

In FY2019, the REIT invested around 3.5 million RMB in installing the atrium roof at Fu Heng Warehouse. 

The investment in the atrium roof enhances the quality of our assets in multiple ways. Firstly, the atrium 

roof transforms the idle areas to usable areas. It both provides a better experience to tenants and will         

increase the REIT’s revenue by around 700,000 RMB per year. Secondly, the atrium roof protects our 

infrastructure such as the smoke-sensing equipment, and prevents water leakage in the basement. In 

FY2019 alone, the maintenance of smoke-sensing equipment before the installation of the atrium roof 

reached more than 80,000 RMB. We expect the installation of the atrium roof to help us save the annual 

maintenance costs from the smoke-sensing equipment and water leakage significantly. Last but not 

least, the atrium roof has increased the generation capacity of solar energy at Fu Heng Warehouse. 

Please refer to page 34 for more information on EC World REIT’s progress in solar panel installation. 



Photo of the newly installed atrium roof 


 

Page 22 



EC World REIT values the importance of innovation in attracting new tenants and 

increasing clients’ royalty, especially in the real estate sector. At EC World REIT, 

we take the initiative to foster innovation in the structure of rental lease and         

services, flexibility in the building’s aesthetics, availability of space for leasing, as 

well as fixtures and services to customers.  

As product innovation offers a competitive advantage in the market and contrib-

utes to its business sustainability, EC World REIT ensures regular communications 

between the Property Manager, the tenants, and other departments for product 

innovation identification and creation. Innovation takes place across all our      

properties, including the corporate office in Singapore. 

Why this material topic and its boundary 



The Engineering Department at the Property Manager works closely with the     

Investment and Asset Management Department at the Manager in implementing 

innovation initiatives at EC World REIT.  

Responsibilities 



The Department of Engineering at the Property Manager welcomes any ideas or 

feedback regarding innovation from all employees. These suggestions will be    

submitted to the General Manager for review and approval.  

Grievance mechanism 



Product innovation has no direct evaluation measures. However, the effectiveness 

of innovation at EC World REIT will be reflected in other material matters. For     

example, it can enhance the quality of assets, improve workplace health and   

safety, increase the tenant retention rate, and boost energy efficiency.   

Evaluation 

Product Innovation 


 

Page 23 

To stimulate and promote innovation in our      

organisation, the Manager has formulated an  

incentive policy. Employees who bring positive 

economic, environmental, or social values via 

innovation in their work or projects will be        

rewarded.  

On the other hand, the Manager also stresses 

and implements innovation to upgrade and      

retrofit existing facilities. 

Policy 

Practices 

Spotlight: Auto Storage Retrieval System (ASRS) 

As the business in the E-commerce industry in China grows, the logistics service providers need more 

efficient ways to handle the increasing volume of goods. There is a demand for ASRS for logistics    

service providers to drive down the cost of labour and increase the speed of the goods movement in 

their warehouses.  

As part of the Manager and Property Manager’s continuous endeavour to explore new innovative    

products and services for EC World REIT, which are in line with our logistics business, we identified 

and proposed to invest in ASRS and lease it to the operator - Hangzhou Fuyang Yunton E-Commerce 

Co., Ltd. at Fuzhou E-commerce. We have completed the project at the end of 2019. 

The ASRS is divided into three areas: receiving/dispatching area, operation area and three-storey 

warehouse storage area. There will be five pallet conveyor lines for the automated robot to store/

retrieve pallets. The proposed system is also flexible and compatible with US, Euro and China standard

-sized pallets. 



Operation area 

Receiving/

dispatching area 

Three-storey warehouse  

storage area 


 

Page 24 

FY2019 PERFORMANCE 

EC World REIT completed the ASRS system at 

Fu Zhou E-Commerce as an Asset                

Enhancement Initiative (“AEI”)  in October, 

2019. 

FY2019 TARGET 

Upgrading 1-2 

property features 

annually 

Achieved 



The ASRS will have a maximum capacity of 7,900 

pallets where each pallet will be able to store up to 

1,000 kg of goods. The system is built into ten levels 

of storage racks. It intensified the usage of the area 

covering 2,800 sqm by more than two times. The 

original space was designed for 2.5 floors with the 

maximum capacity of each storey to be two stacks 

of goods.  

This system only requires 8-10 workers to operate, 

and it helped to reduce the manpower requirement 

by 300%. The overall efficiency of the logistics     

operation is also improved tremendously.  

The ASRS brings excellent efficiency improvements 

to our tenant’s logistics operation, and it will help to 

enhance our tenant’s “stickiness” with us in the long 

run.   

 





Operation area 

Receiving/dispatching area 


 

Page 25 

OUR PEOPLE 

Profile of Our Workforce 

EC World REIT’s long-term success depends on 

a healthy, diverse, and competent workforce. 

Due to the nature of our business, workers under 

the Property Manager located in China accounts 

for a significant portion in our workforce. They are 

considered as the REIT’s workers who are       

non-employees. The composition of the REIT’s 

employees is those under the Manager located in 

Singapore. Details of our workforce can be found 

in the graphs below.  

ESG TREND ANALYSIS 

FY2017 

FY2018 

FY2019 

7 

8 

8 

10 

9 

8 

(Above) Number of Full-time/Permanent Employees in Singapore  

FY2017 

FY2018 

FY2019 

0 

1  

0 

(Above) Number of Temporary/Part-time Employees in Singapore  

1  

1  

0 

(Above) Number of Non-employee workers* in China 

FY2017 

FY2018 

FY2019 

17 

20 

20 

25 

17 

17 

Female 

Male 

*Staff under the Property Manager in China are defined as non-employee workers of EC World REIT  


 

Page 26 



Workplace health and safety concerns all stakeholders of EC World REIT. It        

significantly impacts on business continuity and the well-being of employees,     

visitors, and customers. When the management of health and safety is weak, an             

organisation may face legal liability, damage its business profitability, and lose its 

competency in the market. Hence, the Manager at EC World REIT stresses the  

importance of workplace health and safety across all departments. To protect 

workers and visitors, the Manager also sets and implements rigorous policies and 

procedures regarding health and safety at the workplace.  

Why this material topic and its boundary 



The Board, the Senior Management and Compliance, Risk Management            

Department, and HR Department monitor and oversee the performance of     

Workplace Health and Safety both in the REIT’s assets and at the Manager’s     

operational premises. The Environmental and Safety Department and Safety  

Steering Committee from the Property Manager collaborate to confirm compliance 

with Health and Safety Management System as well as relevant regulations within 

properties.  

Responsibilities 



Employees under both the Manager and Property Manager should not hesitate to 

report any incidents or potential risks over workplace health and safety via our 

Whistle Blowing Policy.  

Grievance mechanism 



Multiple internal audits are conducted annually to identify and correct potential  

misbehaviour and issues. 

Evaluation 

Workplace Health and Safety 


 

Page 27 

Policies 

Practices 

Singapore 

China 

Workplace Safety and Health Act 

Work Safety Law 

Standardisation of Safety Production 

The Workplace Safety and 

Health (WSH) Act is an essential 

part of a framework to cultivate 

good safety habits in all           

individuals. It creates a strong 

safety culture in workplaces. The 

WSH Act requires stakeholders 

to take reasonably practicable 

measures to ensure the safety 

and health of persons at the 

workplace. 

The Work Safety Law has 

clearly defined the safety 

governance structure, 

roles and responsibilities 

of relevant personnel and 

the applicable rules and 

standards.  

The standardisation of safety production 

aims to establish a safety production      

responsibility system, safety management 

system, operational procedures for        

hazardous sources, precautions, regulation 

of the production, and the company’s  

compliance with relevant laws and         

regulations. 

Our practices of workplace health and safety are guided by two SOPs: the Workplace Health and Safety 

Promotion Plan and the Onboard Training Programme.  

Workplace Health and Safety Promotion Plan  

EC World REIT promotes a healthy and safe workplace by: 

• Inspecting and checking workplace surroundings  

• Training employees on safety awareness  

• Regular engagement of employees through talks and feedback sessions  

• Investigation of incidents  

• Maintenance of incident records  

• Fire/safety drills  

• Banners to promote workplace health and safety Workplace Health and Safety Promotion Plan  

Onboard Training Programme 

All incoming employees will undergo the safety training programme to familiarise themselves with: 

• Handling electrical items in the office pantry  

• Safety guidelines for using the ladder  

• Emergency exit and fire extinguisher  

• Proper handling of heavy or bulky items  

Additionally, the Property Manager sets comprehensive safety management policies and procedures at our 

assets in China. These policies range from the roles and responsibilities of a work safety committee, work 

safety meeting arrangements, special equipment safety management, fire safety, safety education and 

training, electricity use, management of hazardous items and more. 


 

Page 28 

Workplace Safety Committee. At Chongxian 

Port Investment and Chongxian Port Logistics, a 

workplace safety committee, which comprises of 

the management and representatives from      

various departments of the sole tenant (Fu Gang 

Supply Chain), oversees and monitors the health 

and safety policies, performance, and targets. 

The committee meets quarterly to summarise the 

health and safety practices in operations at 

Chongxian Port Investment and Chongxian Port 

Logistics. Every month, the committee also holds 

a firm-wide meeting with the key Environment, 

Health, and Safety (EHS) personnel to ensure  

effective implementation of the health and safety       

standards.  

 

Hazard Identification and Risk Assessment. 

Led by the workplace safety committee, hazard 

identification involves processes such as the    

investigation of key devices and equipment, the 

examination of electricity and fire suppression 

systems, inspections of seasonal-related risks. 

Based on the different risk and hazard potentials, 

the tenant conducts routine, comprehensive,   

professional, seasonal, festive, or analogous  

hazard 

investigation 

at 

Chongxian 

Port            

Investment and Chongxian Port Logistics. When 

any hazards are detected, workers can report 

such hazards to their respective departmental 

leaders at Fu Gang Supply Chain. For general 

hazards, departments involved need to plan the 

corrective actions within 24 hours. For significant 

or 

major 

hazards, 

the 

workplace 

safety          

committee shall assess and report immediately. 

The workplace safety office and the firm’s     

management will monitor a major or significant 

hazard until it is eliminated. An explicit reward 

and punishment system has been established for 

hazard identification, and no reprisals against the 

reporters will be allowed or tolerated.  

 

Incident Investigation. At the two properties, 

work-related incidents are classified into three 

classes, depending on the direct and indirect 

economic loss, degree of environmental pollution, 

and severity of the incidents in terms of injury, 

deaths, infectious  diseases, mass poisoning, and 

food safety. Apart from the incident information 

such as the location and date, the incident      

investigation process also covers the causes and 

the associated hazards (e.g., defections in the 

Personal Protective Equipment).  



Routine  

Professional 

Festive 

Analogous 

 Conducted on a daily basis, 

the routine investigation fo-

cuses on key devices, 

equipment, and major haz-

ard sources  

 Comprehensive                

investigation checks   

whether the health and  

safety responsibilities and 

policies are effectively      

implemented  

 Professional investigation 

inspects the hazards in the 

electrical, fire suppression, 

and transport systems by 

professionals 

 Seasonal investigation   

examines hazards related 

to characteristics of each 

season (e.g., fire preven-

tion and frost prevention in 

winter) 

 Festive investigation refers 

to the investigation of       

emergency supplies       

reserves, security and   

other issues before public 

holidays and events 

 Analogous incident investigation aims to edu-

cate employees to eliminate risks of provoking 

incidents which took place in peer companies 

Types of hazard investigation at the operations of Chongxian Port Investment and Chongxian Port Logistics 


 

Page 29 

Occupational Health Services. Employees’ 

well-being is one of EC World REIT’s primary  

concerns. The company sponsors employees 

with a medical health screening/checkup once a 

year or two years, depending on the location of 

the office. For example, the Property Manager 

organises an annual medical checkup and      

arranges transport to the medical screening   

centre at our China assets. Each year, we also 

invite a health expert at the medical screening 

centre 

to 

give 

both 

occupational 

and                

non-occupational advice to our employees.  

 

Worker Training on Occupational Health and 

Safety. 

Additionally, 

work 

training 

on               

occupational 

health 

and 

safety 

(OHS) 

is        

compulsory for all employees. For special    

equipment operators such as electricians, the 

REIT requires the relevant certificates and     

training records before engaging them for work. 

In the Singapore office, a health and safety office 

tour is also arranged for new employees.   

 

Prevention and Mitigation of OHS Impacts. 

We conduct frequent workplace inspections to 

provide a safe work environment for the            

employees. Various workplace inspections at our 

China assets include daily inspections of        

electrical rooms, semimonthly and quarterly lift         

maintenance, monthly checks on fire suppression 

systems, and canteen work checks. Should any 

issues 

be 

detected 

or 

occurred, 

timely       

maintenance and repair works will be arranged 

and documented.  

 

Promotion of Worker Health. While the REIT 

focuses on employees’ occupational health and 

safety, it also endeavours to promote workers’ 

health from other aspects. In the Singapore     

office, the Manager organises welfare events 

such as fruit sessions. At the China assets, the 

Property Manager provides sports utilities and 

frequently holds mass sports events. In view of 

the COVID-19 pandemic, the REIT fully complies 

with the government requirements in China and     

Singapore. In the Singapore office, we firstly   

initiated a work-split arrangement followed by a 

full Working From Home scheme. In China,     

precautionary measures such as temperature 

taking, 

guest 

registration, 

face 

mask                

requirement, and personal hygiene guidance 

were implemented when workers return to work 

after the abatement of the local pandemic.  

Spotlight: EC World REIT Participated in the First Sports Meeting  

To celebrate 70th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China, enrich employees’   

cultural life, enhance the cohesion of Forchn people, and create a healthy and happy family culture at 

Forchn, the Sponsor held the first sports meeting on 26th October 2019. The Property Manager of EC 

World REIT sent the management and employee representatives to participate in the event. The event 

held various games such as basketball games, badminton games and table tennis games. Players 

demonstrated the spirit of “fun first, competition second” in the event and enhanced interactions with 

their colleagues. In conclusion, the sports meeting received positive feedback, and it fulfilled its        

objective to meaningfully promote a healthy lifestyle among employees of the Sponsor and the      

Property Manager of the REIT.  







Basketball game 

Badminton game 

Table tennis game 


 

Page 30 

FY2019 PERFORMANCE 

In FY2019, EC World REIT recorded zero     

fatalities as a result of work-related injuries, as 

well as zero high-consequence work-related 

injuries* and zero recordable work-related    

injuries for workers in China and Singapore. No 

cases of recordable work-related ill health or 

fatalities as a result of work-related ill health 

were recorded either. 

PERPETUAL TARGET 

0 work-related  

injuries that results 

in staff permanent 

disability or fatality  

Progress/Status FY2019 

Achieved 



Spotlight: Fire Drill 2019 at EC World REIT 

On 6 June 2019, the Property Manager EC World REIT       

conducted the annual fire drill at the Jinshugang Building. It 

aimed to strengthen firefighting knowledge of the Property 

Manager’s employees and our tenants, improve the overall fire 

prevention skills, and effectively prevent and minimise the  

losses from potential fire hazards.  

To effectively and safely carried out the fire drill, five teams 

were set up with specific roles and responsibilities. These five 

teams are the command team, firefighting team,                 

communication and liaison team, evacuation guidance team, 

and first-aid team. Teams smoothly collaborated and took   

actions to set the alarm, judge the level of fire and give        

instructions to participants, implement evacuation plan, lift the 

fire alarm, and teach the use of fire apparatus.  

The fire drill was successful with the timely and calm            

participation from the Property Manager’s employees and our 

tenants. However, improvements can be made on the low   

participation rate from the tenants, risks on people stepping on 

each other due to small evacuation distance, and the fire     

extinguishing being too staged. In upcoming years, EC World 

REIT will improve on these points to further enhance the      

effectiveness of our fire drills.  

 







Setup of a smoke bomb to trigger fire alarm 

Orderly evaluation 

Fire extinguishing 

*As defined by GRI 403 2018 Standard, high-consequence work-related injury refers to work-related injury that results 

in a fatality or an injury from which the worker cannot, does not, or is not expected to recover fully to pre-injury health 

status within 6 months. 


 

Page 31 



Energy use and its associated GHG emission directly contribute to climate change. 

As a responsible organisation, we are fully aware of our duty to protect the         

environment and combat global warming by maximising the energy efficiency 

across our properties.  

This report includes the total energy use and GHG emissions data generated from 

the properties under the REIT’s operational control. Scope 1 (direct GHG        

emissions) and Scope 2 (energy indirect GHG emissions) are both reported.  

Why this material topic and its boundary 



Mr Li Jinbo (Chief Investment Officer) and Mr Teo Kah Ming (Vice President,      

Investment and Asset Management) oversee the energy-saving initiatives and the 

corresponding decrease in emissions which are undertaken by the Property    

Manager in China.   

Responsibilities 



Employees are encouraged to whistle-blow any excess energy use and the        

corresponding GHG emissions to the Property Manager.  

Grievance mechanism 



The Manager will evaluate the Energy Use and GHG Emission based on the     

number of energy initiatives and energy-saving awareness across our properties.  

Evaluation 

Energy Use and GHG Emission 

OUR ENVIRONMENT 


 

Page 32 

In China, our properties meet the Energy Conservation Law, which is China’s national regulation on energy 

and emissions.  

 

Policy 

Practices 

The Manager examines the monthly electricity bills 

and analyses their trend. Based on the review, the 

Manager implements the most practical energy-

saving initiatives which can tackle significant 

sources of energy use and emissions across our 

properties. In FY2019, the following actions were 

implemented:  

Property 

Summary of 2019 initiatives 

Fu Heng Warehouse Light bulbs at two of the stairs were changed to 80 infrared sensing or sound control 

light bulbs. The estimated energy saving will be 1,152 kWh per year. The energy     

savings can also translate to a monetary saving of around 850 RMB per year.  

Fuzhou                    

E-Commerce 

78 light bulbs were replaced with voice control lights. The estimated energy savings 

will be 1,123 kWh per year. The energy savings can also translate to a monetary     

saving of around 820 RMB per year.  

Chongxian            

Logistics*  

241 of 886 energy efficiency light bulbs in Jinshugang Building were replaced with 

LEDs. The estimated energy savings will be 2,272 kWh per year. The energy savings 

can also translate to a monetary saving of around 2,000 RMB per year.  

Bei Gang Logistics* 130 energy efficiency light bulbs were replaced with LEDs. The estimated energy    

savings will be 1,497.6 kWh per year. The energy savings can also be translated to a 

monetary saving of around 1,370 RMB per year.  

*Note 1: to not to waste the useful lifespan of the lightings installed in our properties, we are planning to change the 

light bulbs in our properties progressively. We only change by batches which are nearing the end of their useful 

lifespans.  

FY2019 PERFORMANCE 

Diesel             

Consumption  

1,303 TJ 

Motor Gasoline         

Consumption  

1,493 TJ 

Electricity            

Consumption  

18,371 MWh 

Total Energy 

Consumption  

2,862 TJ 

GHG  

Emissions 

(Scope 1) 

200 ktCO2e* 

GHG  

Emissions 

(Scope 2) 

15 ktCO2e* 

*Note 2: GHG emissions are calculated following the requirements and principles of Greenhouse Gas Protocol. Scope 

1 emission factors are sourced from the 2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories. Scope 2    

emission factors are sourced from relevant official documents from Singapore and China. This note also applies to all 

the GHG emission-related trend analysis in the following pages.  


 

Page 33 

ESG TREND ANALYSIS 

Diesel Consumption (TJ) 

Motor Gasoline Consumption (TJ) 

Total Energy Intensity (GJ/m2) 

(Left) Fuel consumption within EC World REIT from 

FY2017-FY2019 

FY2017 

FY2018 

FY2019 

*Note 1: only Chongxian Port Investment has fuel            

consumption (and Scope 1 GHG emissions in the figure  

below) at EC World REIT. Unless otherwise stated, the    

denominator used in intensity figures in this report is the sum 

of the total net lettable area across our properties in China 

and the floor area of the corporate office in Singapore within 

each year’s reporting scope. 

11,271 

13,138 

10,807 

3,344 

5,058 

Electricity Consumption (MWh) 

Energy Intensity from Electricity             

Consumption (kWh/m2) 

(Left) Electricity Consumption within EC World REIT 

from FY2017-FY2019 

*Note 3: for FY2017 and FY2018, all figures in this ESG trend analysis section have been restated as we 

identified some errors in our data collection. These errors have been rectified in this year’s report. For 

FY2018, the electricity consumption data for Fu Heng Warehouse was an estimated figure. 

FY2017 

FY2018 

FY2019 



Scope 1 GHG Emission Intensity (kg/m2) 

(Left) Scope 1 GHG Emission Intensity within EC World 

REIT from FY2017-FY2019 

FY2017 

FY2018 

FY2019 



704 

1,230 

496 

985 

1,493 

1,303 

2.8 

2.0 

2.9 



13,281 

16,818 

18,371 

22.0 

22.5 

19.1 

200 

144 

208 

*Note 2: because electricity data for Fu Heng Warehouse 

was unavailable in FY2017, the denominator used in the        

electricity intensity (and therefore Scope 2 GHG emission 

intensity) for FY2017 does not include the net lettable area 

of Fu Heng Warehouse. 




 

Page 34 

TARGET 

EC World REIT aims to reduce its total energy consumption 

from the properties under its operation control gradually 

over the next five years (with FY2017 being the baseline)  

Progress/Status FY2019 

In progress 

ESG TREND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED) 

Spotlight: EC World REIT Going Solar 

On 12 December 2019, the first rooftop solar project at Fu Heng Warehouse started its construction. 

This rooftop solar project is the first collaboration between EC World REIT and China’s state-owned 

investment firm, the Three Gorges New Energy Co. On 14 January 2020, the solar project officially 

started to generate solar energy and transmit solar power to the grid. 

The capacity of this solar project is 1.2 MW. Over the next 20 years, it will generate almost 24 million 

kWh solar energy, which translates to a power generation of 1.2 million kWh annually. In the future, EC 

World REIT will proactively explore the opportunity for solar panel installation at our other properties. 

We aim to advance our climate actions and improve air quality.  



Solar panel installation at Fu Heng Warehouse,     

Hangzhou City 

Energy Conservation and Emission Reduction 

Item 

Annual saving 

(tonne) 

20-year saving 

(tonne) 

Coal (standard) 

480.3 

9606 

Carbon dust 

326.6 

6532 

Carbon dioxide 

1197.15 

23943 

Sulfur dioxide 

36.02 

720.4 

Nitrogen oxides 

18.01 

360.2 

FY2017 

FY2018 

FY2019 

17.7 

18.2 

15.4 

Scope 2 GHG Emission Intensity (kg/m2) 





(Left) Scope 2 GHG Emission Intensity within EC World 

REIT from FY2017-FY2019 

*Note 1: the Scope 2 GHG emission intensity in FY2017 

and FY2018 has been restated, please refer to Note 3 on 

the previous page for the explanation. 

*Note 2: the energy conservation and emission        

reduction data was calculated and provided by Three 

Gorges New Energy Co. 


 

Page 35 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Section of Report 

Page    

Reference  

General Disclosures  

GRI 102:    

General       

Disclosures 

2016  

Organisational profile  

102-1  

Name of the organisation  

About the Report  

7 

102-2  

Activities, brands, products, and services  About EC World  

4-6 

102-3  

Location of headquarters  

About EC World  

4-6 

102-4  

Location of operations  

About EC World  

4-6 

102-5  

Ownership and legal form  

About EC World  

4-6 

102-6  

Markets served  

About EC World  

4-6 

102-7  

Scale of the organisation  

About EC World  

4-6 

102-8  

Information on employees and other 

workers  

Our people  

25 

102-9  

Supply chain  

Supply Chain  

Management  

6 

102-10  

Significant changes to the organisation 

and its supply chain  

About EC World  

4-6 

102-11  

Precautionary Principle or approach  

Risk Management  11 

102-12  

External initiatives  

About EC World  

4-6 

102-13  

Membership of associations  

About EC World  

4-6 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker  

Board Statement  

3 

Ethics and integrity 

102-16  

Values, principles, standards, and norms 

of behaviour  

Ethics and Integrity  13 

Governance 

102-18  

Governance structure  

Governance  

11-17 

Stakeholder engagement 

102-40  

List of stakeholder groups  

Stakeholder      

Engagement  

8-9 

102-41  

Collective bargaining agreements  

EC World REIT 

does not have any 

collective bargain-

ing agreements  

N.A. 

102-42  

Identifying and selecting stakeholders  

Stakeholder      

Engagement  

8-9 

102-43  

Approach to stakeholder engagement  

Stakeholder      

Engagement  

8-9 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised  

Stakeholder      

Engagement  

8-9 


 

Page 36 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Section of Report 

Page    

Reference  

General Disclosures  

GRI 102:    

General       

Disclosures 

2016   

Reporting practice  

102-45  

Entities included in the consolidated    

financial statements  

About the Report  

7 

102-46  

Defining report content and topic    

Boundaries  

About the Report  

7 

102-47 

List of material topics  

Materiality         

Assessment  

10 

102-48  

Restatements of information  

Energy Use and 

31-34 

102-49 

Changes in reporting  

About the Report  

7 

102-50 

Reporting period  

About the Report  

7 

102-51  

Date of most recent report  

31 May 2019 

N.A. 

102-52 

Reporting cycle  

About the Report  

7 

102-53  

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report  

About The Report  7 

102-54  

Claims of reporting in accordance with 

the GRI Standards  

About The Report  7 

102-55 

GRI content index  

GRI Content Index  35-38 

102-56  

External assurance  

Not sought 

N.A. 

Topic-specific GRI Standard Disclosures  

Category: Economic 

Product Innovation (Value-added Service) 

GRI 103:    

General       

Disclosures 

2016   

103-1  

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary  

Product Innovation  22-24 

103-2  

The management approach and its com-

ponents  

Product Innovation  22-24 

103-3  

Evaluation of the management approach  Product Innovation  22-24 

Category: Environmental 

Energy Use and GHG Emissions 

GRI 103:    

General       

Disclosures 

2016    

103-1  

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary  

Energy Use and 

GHG Emissions  

31-34 

103-2  

The management approach and its com-

ponents  

Energy Use and 

GHG Emissions  

31-34 

103-3  

Evaluation of the management approach  Energy Use and 

GHG Emissions  

31-34 

302-1  

Energy consumption within the             

organisation  

Energy Use and 

GHG Emissions  

31-34 

GRI 302:      

Energy 2016  

302-3  

Energy intensity  

Energy Use and 

GHG Emissions  

31-34 


 

Page 37 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Section of Report 

Page    

Reference  

Category: Environmental 

Energy Use and GHG Emissions 

GRI 305:    

Emissions 2016   

305-2  

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions  Energy Use and 

GHG Emissions  

31-34 

305-4  

GHG emissions intensity  

Energy Use and 

GHG Emissions  

31-34 

GRI G4 Sector 

Disclosure: 

Construction 

and Real Estate  

CRE-3  

Greenhouse gas emissions intensity from 

buildings  

Energy Use and 

GHG Emissions  

31-34 

Category: Social 

Workplace Health and Safety 

GRI 103:    

General       

Disclosures 

2016   

103-1  

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary  

Workplace Health 

and Safety 

26-30 

103-2  

The management approach and its com-

ponents  

Workplace Health 

and Safety 

26-30 

103-3  

Evaluation of the management approach  Workplace Health 

and Safety 

26-30 

GRI 403:      

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety 2018   

403-1 

Occupational health and safety manage-

ment system 

Workplace Health 

and Safety 

26-30 

403-2 

Hazard identification, risk assessment, 

and incident investigation 

Workplace Health 

and Safety 

26-30 

403-3 

Occupational health services 

Workplace Health 

and Safety 

26-30 

403-4 

Worker participation, consultation, and 

communication on occupational health 

and safety  

Workplace Health 

and Safety 

26-30 

403-5 

Worker training on occupational health 

and safety 

Workplace Health 

and Safety 

26-30 

403-6 

Promotion of worker health 

Workplace Health 

and Safety 

26-30 

403-7 

Prevention and mitigation of occupational 

health and safety impacts directly linked 

by business relationships 

Workplace Health 

and Safety 

26-30 

403-9 

Work-related injuries 

Workplace Health 

and Safety 

26-30 

403-10 

Work-related ill health 

Workplace Health 

and Safety 

26-30 


 

Page 38 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Section of Report 

Page    

Reference  

Category: Social 

Quality of Assets 

GRI 103:    

General       

Disclosures 

2016   

103-1  

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary  

Quality of Assets 

18-21 

103-2  

The management approach and its com-

ponents  

Quality of Assets 

18-21 

103-3  

Evaluation of the management approach  Quality of Assets 

18-21 

GRI G4 Sector 

Disclosure: 

Construction 

and Real Estate  

CRE-8  

Type and number of sustainability            

certification, rating and labeling schemes 

for new construction, management,     

occupation and redevelopment  

Quality of Assets 

18-21 

Category: Governance 

Regulatory Compliance 

GRI 103:    

General       

Disclosures 

2016   

103-1  

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary  

Regulatory     

Compliance 

15-17 

103-2  

The management approach and its com-

ponents  

Regulatory     

Compliance 

15-17 

103-3  

Evaluation of the management approach  Regulatory     

Compliance 

15-17 

GRI307:       

Environmental 

Compliance 

2016 &amp;         

GRI 419:             

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

2016  

307-1  

Non-compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations  

Regulatory     

Compliance 

15-17 

419-1  

Non-compliance with laws and regula-

tions in the social and economic area  

Regulatory     

Compliance 

15-17 

