
 

 

 

Focused on Stability, 

Staying on Strategy 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 




1 

 

Contents 

Board Statement ......................................................................................................................... 2 

About the Report ......................................................................................................................... 4 

About EC World REIT .................................................................................................................. 5 

Our Sustainability Approach ........................................................................................................ 9 

Sustainability Commitment ....................................................................................................... 9 

Sustainability Governance ........................................................................................................ 9 

Stakeholder Engagement ......................................................................................................... 9 

Our Response to COVID-19 .......................................................................................................12 

Governance ...............................................................................................................................16 

Risk Management ...................................................................................................................16 

Ethics and Integrity .................................................................................................................17 

Whistle-blowing ......................................................................................................................18 

Regulatory Compliance ...........................................................................................................19 

Our Business .............................................................................................................................22 

Quality of Assets .....................................................................................................................22 

Product Innovation..................................................................................................................27 

Our People ................................................................................................................................30 

Profile of Our Workforce ..........................................................................................................30 

Workplace Health and Safety ..................................................................................................31 

Our Environment ........................................................................................................................36 

Energy Use and Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions ................................................................36 

GRI Content Index ......................................................................................................................42 

 

 

 


2 

 

Board Statement 

 

Dear Stakeholders,  

Welcome to our fourth sustainability report for EC World Real Estate Investment Trust (“EC World 

REIT” or the “REIT”). This report, as prepared by EC World Asset Management Pte. Ltd. (“ECWAM” 

or the “Manager”) with the Board’s guidance, features our Environmental, Social and Governance 

(“ESG”) performance from 1 January to 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”).  

This year, the COVID-19 pandemic proved to be a potentially severe threat to the global economy. 

Against this challenging backdrop, EC World REIT remains committed to our efforts in minimising the 

impact of COVID-19 on our operations through our business continuity plans. As the well-being of 

our stakeholders remains our utmost priority, we have various health and safety measures in place 

to protect our people and partners. As a show of togetherness and solidarity with our stakeholders, 

the key management personnel (i.e. Chief Executive Officer, Chief Investment Officer and Deputy 

Chief Financial Officer) of the Manager took a 10% remuneration reduction from April 2020 to June 

2020. Similarly, fees for board directors of the Manager were also reduced by 10% for the 3-month 

period from April 2020 to June 2020. We do not foresee any COVID-19 related material impacts to 

our financial strength in 2020 and beyond, and believe EC World REIT continues to be well-placed to 

manage our sustainability strategy and support our people and partners in every way possible. In this 

year’s report, we have included an “Our Response to COVID-19” section on page 12 which details 

our COVID-19 mitigation strategy. 

Despite COVID-19 implications in 2020, sustainability remains a core tenet to EC World REIT’s 

business, and we continue to make progress across the ESG factors material to our operations. 

ECWAM continues to integrate sustainability into EC World REIT’s strategic formulation through our 

top-down governance structure and framework with the Board’s support. The Board is also informed 

of any material ESG findings and the measures by the senior management. This management 

approach has been endorsed by Forchn Holdings Group Co. Ltd. (“the Sponsor”).  

Responsible corporate governance continues to be at the forefront of our operational strategy as we 

continue to uphold a credible and established governance framework. Our comprehensive suite of 

policies covers all relevant governance aspects, from risk management to whistle-blowing, that 

enables the REIT to identify, examine, and prevent any misbehaviour and negligence. We continue 

to express transparency and credibility to our stakeholders and society via prompt updates and 

circulars (refer to Stakeholder Engagement on Page 9 for more information).  

EC World REIT also recognises the importance of reducing our business’ impact on the environment, 

where one of our focus areas is on energy use and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. We continue 

to keep a close eye on our energy use across our assets, adopt energy-efficient lighting, explore the 

use of renewable solar technologies to reduce our reliance on the local electricity grid, and promote 

energy conservation in our employees and tenants. Apart from energy use, EC World REIT has also 

taken steps to manage its water use, waste generation, and emissions of other air pollutants.   

 


3 

 

In the social realm, the REIT continues to provide a safe and healthy workplace to our stakeholders. 

This year, there were zero fatalities, work-related injuries nor work-related ill health cases for EC 

World REIT’s workers in both China and Singapore. We have also organised the annual fire drill in our 

China properties to ensure that all relevant personnel are equipped with emergency response 

knowledge. Despite the advent of COVID-19 this year, the REIT has continuously put resources into 

product innovation, some of EC World REIT’s properties have also undergone upgrading projects to 

improve our asset quality standards and create a comfortable environment for our tenants. 

We are grateful for the generous support from the Sponsor and all stakeholders in our sustainability 

journey, and we look forward to continuing our advancements in the sustainability space in the 

coming year and beyond.  

 

Yours sincerely,  

Mr Goh Toh Sim  

on behalf of the Board of EC World Asset Management Pte. Ltd.  

  


4 

 

About the Report 

This report has been prepared in accordance with the internationally recognised GRI Standards: Core 

option and GRI’s Construction and Real Estate Sector Supplement. The Manager also ensures that 

sustainability reporting practices at the REIT comply with SGX-ST Listing Manual Rules 711(A) and 

711(B). External assurance has not been obtained for this reporting period, though we will consider 

doing so as our sustainability reporting journey advances. For questions, suggestions, and feedback 

related to sustainability matters, please send them to Ms Sabrina Tay, Senior Manager (Investor 

Relations) at ir@ecwreit.com.  

Reporting Scope 

This report covers ESG data and practices of EC World REIT for FY2020. 3-year ESG trend analyses 

will be presented with the ESG performance data from FY2018 to FY2020, wherever applicable. The 

reporting scope for FY2020 remains the same as in FY2019, covering our eight properties in China 

and our Corporate Office in Singapore. 

Singapore 

Hangzhou, China 

Wuhan, China 

9 Raffles Place #45-02 

Republic Plaza, Singapore 

(Corporate Office) 

1. Fu Heng Warehouse 

2. Fuzhou E-Commerce 

3. Stage 1 Properties of Bei 

Gang Logistics 

4. Hengde Logistics 

5. Chongxian Port 

Investment 

6. Chongxian Port Logistics 

7. Fu Zhuo Industrial 

8. Wuhan Meiluote 

 Reporting Scope by Geographical Locations in FY2020 

FY2020 Highlights 

 

Zero non-compliance issues 

 

No non-compliances with 

environmental and 

socioeconomic laws and 

regulations 

 

Zero work-related injuries  

 

No work-related injuries in 

2020 that resulted in staff 

disability or fatality 

 

Rain 

and 

Sewage 

Pipe 

Network 

Reconstruction 

Project 

 

Improving 

our 

pipeline 

network, 

increasing 

the 

efficiency 

of 

utilising 

repurposed 

rainwater 

and 

reducing costs of municipal 

sewage treatment.  

 

Fuzhou E-Commerce 

Photovoltaic Project 

 

Installation of photovoltaic 

panels in Fuzhou E-

Commerce facility, removing 

air pollution and reducing 

reliance on the grid for 

electricity 










5 

 

About EC World REIT 

 

Overview of EC World REIT 

EC World REIT is a Singapore Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT), with a strategy to invest principally, 

directly or indirectly in a diversified portfolio of income-producing real estates. The real estates are 

primarily used for e-commerce, supply-chain management and logistics purposes, as well as real 

estate-related assets, with an initial geographical focus on the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). 

The Manager is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Sponsor – Forchn Holdings Group Co. Ltd. Yuntong 

Property Management Co. Ltd., also a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Sponsor, is the property 

manager (“Property Manager”) for the properties in China.  

1 

 

EC World REIT’s Structure 

 

1 As at 31 December 2020. Includes Units held by the Manager. 




6 

 

 

EC World REIT’s Vision and Mission 

EC World REIT primarily leases assets in E-Commerce Logistics Facilities, Port Logistics Facilities 

and Specialised Logistics Facilities. The REIT strives to provide our stakeholders and unitholders with 

sustained value generation through enhancement of our assets. This overarching aim has been 

integrated into the REIT’s vision and mission as below: 

 

 

Properties of EC World REIT 

 

 



Vision 

 

EC World REIT aims to be the premier e-

commerce and specialised logistics REIT 

in Asia and strives to create long-term 

value for all of our stakeholders by 

capturing opportunities driven by the fast 

growing e-commerce and specialised 

logistics sectors. 



Mission 

 

• Deliver stable, sustainable and growing 

distributions to our unitholders  

• Grow and diversify our portfolio through 

yield accretive acquisitions  

• Offer a differentiated and high-quality 

asset portfolio  

• Adopt active asset management 

strategies to enhance performance and 

value of our properties 




7 

 

Supply Chain Management 

As a REIT focusing on logistics and e-commerce, EC World REIT is always cognisant of the 

importance of supply chain management in the organisation’s reputation and success. Hence, the 

Manager at EC World REIT strives to actively and responsibly manage the supply chain, with an 

emphasis on procuring materials sustainably.  

EC REIT adopts a twofold evaluation to achieve procurement that maximises benefits for EC World 

REIT and our stakeholders. The products and services our long-term suppliers provide will be 

assessed accordingly, while our short-term suppliers are required to acknowledge and abide by 

terms and conditions related to sustainability considerations. We believe this evaluation will prevent 

inappropriate behaviour and safeguard our stakeholders’ interests.  

  

EC World REIT’s Product Fulfilment Cycle 

EC World REIT asset portfolio is strategic and fulfils critical sections in the supply chain of the e-

commerce and specialised logistics business. The figure below illustrates the role of our different 

asset types. 

  

 

 

 

 




8 

 

Tenancy Mix and Types of Assets 

As of 31 December 2020, there were a total of 28 different tenants across the portfolio that 

contributed to gross rental income. Figures below show the breakdown of tenancy according to trade 

sector by net lettable area and by valuation. We also present the breakdown of tenancy according to 

trade sector, weighted on gross revenue contribution in 2020. For more information, please refer to 

our Annual Report 2020.  

 

 

Tenancy Mix and asset type (breakdown by net lettable area) as of 31 December 2020 

 

Breakdown of tenancy according to trade sector, weighted on gross revenue contribution in 2020 

25.6%

49.7%

24.7%

By Net Lettable Area

Port Logistics

E-Commerce

Specialised Logistics

40.0%

41.8%

18.2%

By Valuation

Port Logistics

E-Commerce Logistics

Specialized Logistics

37%

27%

23%

12%

1%

By trade sector

Delivery, logistics and distribution

E-commerce services

Others*

Industrial

Trading

Total: 960,461 sq m 

Total: RMB 8.0 b / S$1.6 b 

*Others include Telecommmunication sectors, conglomerates and human resources 

sector 


9 

 

Our Sustainability Approach 

Sustainability Commitment 

As EC World REIT continues to expand its portfolio of assets, the Manager recognises the importance of sustainability as a key business 

driver and a critical component of the REIT’s success. As such, EC World REIT’s sustainable ESG framework, as well as ESG initiatives and 

projects, are incorporated into the REIT’s daily operations. The Manager also seeks to enhance sustainability awareness among our 

stakeholders and unitholders by organising internal training and external advocacy campaigns. With the Sponsor’s continued support and 

our established rapport with our stakeholders, the Manager looks forward to further improving EC World REIT’s sustainability performance 

in the years ahead.  

Sustainability Governance 

At EC World REIT, our Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer Mr Goh Toh Sim leads the assessment of the REIT’s ESG policies and 

practices. The senior management of the Manager and Property Manager facilitate this evaluation and drive these sustainability practices 

and initiatives within the properties held by the REIT.  

Stakeholder Engagement  

The Manager believes that fostering quality stakeholder relationships is key to achieving the goal of sustainable long-term value creation for 

all. As such, the Manager frequently engages with our stakeholders to understand their concerns and respond appropriately. 

 Stakeholders 

Goals 

Mode 

Frequency 

Stakeholders' Concerns 

Our Response 

Unitholders 

Provide clear 

and accurate 

information to the 

investing public 

through timely          

communication    

Telephone calls  

 Ad-hoc 

· Financial performance  

· Outlook and growth   

· Regulatory compliance  

 

· Proactive investor outreach 

programme 

· Timely communication through 

SGXnet and website  

· Adoption and adaption of relevant 

policies and procedures such as      

Enterprise Risk Management 

(“ERM”), corporate governance 

policies    

Email correspondence 

 Ad-hoc 

AGM/EGM (if 

necessary)  

Annually for 

AGM  

Face-to-face  

Ad-hoc 

Conferences  

Ad-hoc 

Site Visits  

As and when 

required  

Social Media  

As and when 

required  

Corporate Website  

As and when 

required  

Announcements on 

SGX-ST 

At least quarterly 


10 

 

Employees 

and Workers 

Provide a holistic 

and   inclusive 

environment with 

enhanced well-

being and 

productivity, with 

potential for 

growth and self-

development 

Weekly staff meeting   

Weekly  

· Competitive 

remuneration 

· Personal career growth 

 

· Adoption of competitive 

compensation and benefits 

programme 

 

Email correspondence 

Ad-hoc 

Open discussion 

 Ad-hoc 

Annual          

performance appraisal  

Annually 

Instant         

messaging apps 

Ad-hoc  

Tenants 

Provide a 

comfortable, 

safe, secured 

and clean work 

environment for 

our tenants   

Telephone calls  

Daily 

· Competitive rental 

· Responsiveness to 

requests and feedback   

· Active discussions on a regular 

basis   

Emails  

Ad-hoc 

Face-to-face 

engagements 

Ad-hoc 

Real-time problem 

solving  

As and when 

needed  

Suppliers 

Secure reliable 

supply chain  

Emails 

Ad-hoc 

· Delay/default in payment  · Prompt processing of payment 

Local 

Communities 

Create a 

comfortable, 

safe, secured 

and clean 

environment in 

the work areas 

Community 

participation activities 

such as cleaning  

Ad-hoc  

· Pollution 

· Traffic jams 

· Trash  

· Promptly responding to the needs 

of the community and neighbours  

Government 

Compliance with 

relevant       

government 

policies, rules 

and regulations   

External       

consultations 

Ad-hoc 

· Compliance with local 

laws and            

regulations 

· Internal Compliance Senior 

Manager  

· External legal consultants  

Meetings/ emails 

Ad-hoc 

Non-profit     

organisations 

Actively seek 

donation drives 

in local 

communities, 

lend a helping 

hand, monetary 

donation 

Emails 

Ad-hoc 

· Contributions to local     

communities 

· Responsible and ethical 

business practices  

· Evaluation of sponsorship 

opportunities that are in line with 

REIT’s ESG efforts and goals 

Sending        employee      

volunteer groups 

As and when 

needed  


11 

 

Materiality Assessment 

The Manager undertook EC World REIT’s first materiality assessment with assistance from an external 

consultant in June 2018. This evaluation comprised four steps and involved key stakeholders from 

various departments within the REIT. Through this exercise, three material and two additional matters 

were determined.  

 

In FY2020, the Board confirmed the continued relevance of the material matters identified and agreed 

to continue the disclosure of the two additional reporting matters that are relevant to our business. 

Please refer to the figure below for a full list of the REIT’s material matters and additional matters. 

 

 

 

 

 

 






12 

 

Our Response to COVID-19 

 

The COVID-19 crisis has significantly impacted the global economy and created uncertainties in 

many business operations. However, as EC World REIT’s properties cater largely to the e-commerce 

logistics sector, our business is less exposed to the impacts of COVID-19 compared to businesses 

with operations that rely largely on human traffic.  

As soon as practically possible, our existing Business Continuity Plans (BCPs) were activated 

promptly by the Manager and the Property Managers in Singapore and China respectively to ensure 

minimal disruption to our business while keeping our employees safe. When restrictions were relaxed 

and the economy gradually opened in both countries, COVID-19-specific guidelines as described 

below were implemented as our employees gradually returned to the workplace. 

 

China: COVID-19 Prevention and Control Scheme 

EC World REIT’s eight property assets are situated in the Zhejiang and Hubei Provinces of China, 

a country that bore the brunt in the early months of the pandemic. As part of the Chinese 

Government’s strategy to contain the spread of COVID-19 in February, the Spring Break Holiday 

in Zhejiang was extended by more than a week by the Zhejiang Provincial Government. This 

created a slowdown of tenants’ operations at the REIT’s seven Hangzhou assets due to a shorter 

operational period and a shortage of employees that resulted from a government-imposed 

quarantine period for returning workers. Meanwhile, due to a strict lockdown in Wuhan (in Hubei 

Province) from 23 January to 22 March 2020, the operations at Wuhan Meiluote was also 

significantly impacted as tenants were unable to resume business. Since then, the operations at 

ECW REIT’s assets have received the necessary permits to restart operations, and lease activities 

at the Property Manager level have become fully operational since May 2020.  

The COVID-19 Prevention and Control Scheme, designed in accordance with the national COVID-

19 regulations and guidelines, covers all eight REIT assets in China. Under this scheme, a 

Prevention and Control Committee consisting of the CEO, CFO and Property Managers has been 

set up who oversee the local Prevention and Control Teams in each property asset. Each local 

team is required to ensure sufficient manpower to oversee the implementation of the Scheme’s 

guidelines in the logistics parks and ensuring all stakeholders, including tenants and employees, 

follow the safe distancing and personal hygiene guidelines in place.  

As far as possible, guests and visitors are not allowed to enter the property management areas, 

and goods sent by suppliers are sent to designated storage areas before tenants are notified to 

pick up, thereby minimising physical contact. Areas more prone to unhygienic conditions such as 

waste management areas of the logistic parks follow a twice-daily disinfection schedule, and 

special designated collection bins are set aside for bio-waste such as masks and gloves to be 

disposed of by the relevant local health authority. 

 


13 

 

Singapore: COVID-19 Safe Management Measures Plan 

 

When the local lockdown period was lifted in June 2020, the Manager implemented the COVID-19 

Safe Management Measures Plan in line with Ministry of Manpower guidelines to provide a safe 

working environment in EC World Asset Management and minimise risks of further outbreaks. The 

Plan includes detailed instruction on safe distancing measures, split operations with a maximum 

number of staff allowed in the office at any one time, and measures to manage suspected cases if 

any. Visiting contractors, suppliers and customers are also required to sign a health and travel 

declaration form and abide by our safe distancing guidelines.  

 

 

Safe distancing markers in meeting rooms and office pantry in the Singapore office 

 

 

It is expected that more time will be needed for EC World REIT’s assets to resume at full operational 

capacity and for business demand to return to pre-COVID-19 levels given the uncertainty of the global 

COVID-19 situation. The Manager continues to keep close communication with our property 

management staff to understand the on-ground situation. Barring any adverse deterioration in the 

current situation, the Manager does not expect any long-term material impact on the operations of 

EC World REIT. 

Our combined efforts have enabled us to navigate through the global crisis smoothly, protect the 

health and safety of our stakeholders, and maintain compliance with all regulations in the countries 

in which we operate without any breaches. We further explain our mitigation strategies to minimise 

the impact of COVID-19 on our stakeholders in the sections below. 

 

Employees 

The Manager, together with the Property Manager and Forchn Holdings Group Co., Ltd., the sponsor 

of EC World REIT (the “Sponsor”), are doing our best to ensure the safety of our employees, and the 

REIT has spared no costs when it comes to safeguarding the health, jobs and livelihoods of our people. 

At the Group-level, including all the assets and offices of EC World REIT and the Sponsor, several 

safe distancing and hygiene measures were implemented to ensure the well-being of all staff. Daily 

temperature measurements are conducted for all employees working on-site, and staff were advised 






14 

 

to avoid crowded places during the Spring Break Holidays. Advisories and frequent reminders from 

the local authorities were also disseminated to remind staff of the importance of personal hygiene.  

 

 

Examples of posters and information disseminated by local authorities for employees 

 

In Singapore, the Manager first initiated a work-split arrangement, followed by a full Work From Home 

(WFH) scheme during the local lockdown period. Computer hardware and software (including anti-

virus software, video conferencing equipment and relevant interface) were up-to-date, providing 

employees with the capacity to transition into a WFH environment seamlessly. These virtual platforms 

allowed for all business operations, including additional employee training sessions conducted online 

for staff looking to improve their skillsets, to carry on as usual. To further safeguard our employees’ 

well-being, the Manager ensured that employee medical insurance coverage included the cost of 

COVID-19 treatment at a selected panel of medical centres. EC World REIT also ensured clear 

communication channels through email and WhatsApp and provided consistent updates on the 

evolving COVID-19 situation. 

When employees returned to the office, a box of surgical-grade masks and hand sanitisers was 

provided for each employee. An excess supply of masks is also available in the office, and hand 

sanitisers are placed in common areas such as the reception lobby and the general office. Staff are 

also required to sign in and out at reception and check body temperatures twice daily. EC World also 

benefited under the Singapore government’s Jobs Support Scheme payouts, enabling the Manager 

to provide our employees with additional wage support during this period of economic uncertainty.  

In China, after the lockdown periods stipulated by the government, employees have been allowed to 

return to work subject to the provision of health declarations as declared on the national Health Code 

mobile application. The Health Code algorithm assigns different QR code colours to users based on 

medical records and travel history to indicate the risk level of contracting COVID-19; persons with 

red and yellow codes are required to isolate for 14 and 7 days respectively before returning to work.  

 






15 

 

 

 

Description of the QR colour code for individuals 

Employees are also required to adhere to the safe distancing and personal hygiene guidelines as 

outlined under the COVID-19 Prevention and Control Scheme. 

 

Tenants 

One of the first actions of Management was to assess the rate of recovery for our tenants’ operation 

during 1H2020 and survey our tenants to better understand the implications of COVID-19 on their 

operations. As a result of these proactive measures, Management realised that a significant number 

of tenants (and in the case of assets under a master lease arrangement, the sub-tenants) were facing 

difficulties, and hence provided cash rental rebates amounting to approximately RMB 19.7 million 

(before VAT) to tenants under EC World’s portfolio in April. EC World REIT believes that these rebates 

have helped tenants tide through economic hardships in the face of COVID-19. We also provided our 

tenants with masks and hand sanitisers and will continue to support our tenants in every way we can.  

 

Community 

As we face this trying period together, EC World REIT has also rendered its support to the local 

community in Singapore. Mr. Zhang Guobiao, in his capacity as Chairman of ECWAM and the 

ultimate owner of the Sponsor, contributed essential medical supplies and personal protective 

equipment to Singapore. The donation included 5000 surgical-grade protective coveralls, 5000 

overalls for non-surgery use, and 500,000 face masks.  

 

 










16 

 

Governance 

 

Risk Management 

 

In EC World REIT and its subsidiaries (“EC World REIT Group”), robust risk management ranging 

from risk identification to response and reporting is a core responsibility. The Manager takes a 

prudent and precautionary approach to manage and monitor exposed risks that may potentially have 

a material impact on the strategy and operations across EC World REIT Group. 

The Board executes risk governance across the Group with the help of the Audit and Risk Committee 

(the “ARC”). The Board’s responsibilities include determining EC World REIT Group’s risk appetite, 

overseeing the Manager’s Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) Framework, reviewing EC World 

REIT Group’s risk profile, material risks and mitigation strategies on a regular basis, and overseeing 

risk management policies and procedures.  

The Manager adopts the ERM Framework as illustrated below for risk management. Please refer to 

EC World REIT’s Annual Report 2020 to understand more about our risk management approach.  

 

 

 

 




17 

 

Ethics and Integrity 

At EC World REIT, the Manager is responsible for maintaining the integrity and reputation of our 

business. All employees are required to comply with applicable laws and regulations, code of conduct, 

and internal ethical standards. EC World REIT does not tolerate any unethical behaviour and takes 

disciplinary actions without hesitation where necessitated. Regarding cross-boundary transactions, 

the Manager also requires employees to abide by the laws and regulations in our operating countries.  

 

When it comes to conflicts of interest, the Manager implements policies to identify and manage any 

potential cases between the Manager, its directors, and employees. Standard procedures in place 

include internal mediation and disclosure with the consent of the affected party.  

 

All employees under the Manager are expected to abide by the following provisions:  

 

01 

 

Act with integrity, competence, diligence, respect and in an ethical 

manner with the public, clients, prospective clients, employers, 

employees, colleagues in the investment profession, and other 

participants in the global capital markets. 

02 

 

Place the integrity of the investment profession and the interests of 

clients above their personal interests. 

03 

 

Use reasonable care and exercise independent professional 

judgement when conducting investment analysis, making investment 

recommendations, taking investment actions, and engaging in other 

professional activities. 

04 

 

Practice and encourage others to practice professionally and ethically 

that will reflect credit on themselves and the profession. 

05 

 

Promote the integrity and viability of the global capital markets for the 

ultimate benefit of society. 

06 

 

Maintain and improve their professional competence and strive to 

maintain and enhance the expertise of other investment professionals. 

 

 

 

 


18 

 

Whistle-blowing 

EC World REIT has in place a whistle-blowing policy that complements its internal risk management 

strategy and protects the whistle-blower’s identity and prevents them from receiving unfair treatment 

as a result, including discrimination, retaliation, harassment or reprisal of any kind. All employees are 

encouraged to report concerns and possible ethical breaches such as fraud, corruption, bribery or 

blackmail, criminal offences, non-compliance with legal or regulatory requirements, miscarriage of 

justice, health and safety threats and risks. Concerns raised by a whistle-blower will undergo 

independent investigations, follow-up plans and corrective actions to protect our business.  

 

01 

02 

03 

04 

05 

Any person 

may report 

allegations of 

suspected 

serious 

misconduct or 

any breach or 

suspected 

breach of law 

or regulation, 

which may 

adversely 

impact the 

Company, 

unitholders, 

employees, 

investors or the 

public at large. 

Acts of 

misconduct 

may be 

disclosed in 

writing, by 

telephone or in- 

person. 

However, all 

reports are 

encouraged to 

be made in 

writing to 

ensure a clear 

understanding 

of the issues 

raised. 

All misconduct 

must be 

reported 

directly to the 

Compliance 

Officer who will 

report to the 

ARC Chairman 

in writing, 

telephone or in-

person, 

whichever is 

appropriate. 

The whistle-

blower shall be 

expected to 

prove the truth 

of an allegation 

and to 

demonstrate 

sufficiency on 

grounds for 

concern. 

All employees 

shall refer to 

the Company’s 

whistle-blowing 

policy for 

details and 

procedures in 

reporting 

misconduct. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

General whistle-blowing procedures for employees 

 

 


19 

 

Regulatory Compliance 

 

 

 

Why this material topic and its boundary 

 

Complying with the regulations and laws is a prerequisite for EC World 

REIT to be reputable, profitable, and sustainable in the long term. In 

instances of non-compliance, the REIT may be impacted by fines or 

punitive measures that can affect its operations and limit revenue 

generation. The Board of the Manager and its employees may also be 

subject to a significant number of fines or even imprisonment. 

 

The topic covers EC World REIT and its subsidiaries. 

 

 

 

Responsibilities 

 

The Board and Key Management Personnel of the Manager are 

accountable for the compliance and the organisation-wide ethical 

culture of EC World REIT. 

 

 

Grievance Mechanism 

 

When it comes to complaints handling, the Manager takes charge of 

timely, fair, and thorough investigation and response to all claims, 

regardless of the degree of justification. In cases of whistle-blowing, the 

REIT issues a set of rules that prohibits employees from following up 

with the reporter regarding the issue, confronting the reporter, or 

spreading any words regarding the reporter that could be used against 

the Manager as an admission of liability. 

 

 

Evaluation 

 

An annual external audit and quarterly internal audits are conducted to 

test the effectiveness of policies regarding regulatory compliance. 

 

EC World further engages an external consultant to assist in 

compliance matters and enhance regulatory framework and practices 

within the REIT / Manager. The external consultant also reports directly 

to the Board quarterly. 

 

 

 

 










20 

 

Policies 

At EC World REIT, we have adopted a diverse range of policies on regulatory compliance as 

described below. 

 






21 

 

 

 

Practices 

The Manager manages EC World REIT’s regulatory compliance based on the Compliance Manual, 

Internal Delegation of Authority (DOA) and Office Automation system. Periodic training is provided 

by the Manager to its Directors and employees to ensure that they are updated and aware of 

applicable anti-money laundering and terrorist financing regulations. 

 

Procedures/Processes Summary 

Compliance Manual 

The Compliance Manual is the principal resource to assist employees in 

understanding and demonstrating compliance with laws and regulations 

applicable to the Manager.  

Internal DOA 

The Delegation of Authority is established for subdivision and sub-allocation 

of powers to make a business decision for the EC World REIT to achieve 

effective results as well as maintain a high standard of corporate 

governance. 

Office Automation 

Approval System 

Office Automation Approval System is deployed in the subsidiaries of EC 

World REIT, to reduce manual processes and provide a consistent 

framework for daily operational decision making as well as provide mobility 

and good corporate governance. 

 

 

Perpetual Target 

Zero major compliance issues 

Achieved. 

 

In FY2020, EC World REIT complied with the 

environmental and socioeconomic laws and 

regulations. 

 

 


22 

 

Our Business 

Quality of Assets 

 

 

Why this material topic and its boundary 

 

A building’s rental rate, tenant attraction and retention rates, property 

valuation, and synergy with the surroundings depend significantly on the 

quality of its assets. As such, identifying and maintaining quality assets is 

a key pillar of EC World REIT’s real estate investment strategy. Quality 

property management not only improves our tenants’ leasing experience, 

but also generates sustainable returns to unitholders via competitive rental 

rates at our properties, and creates a positive impact on local 

communities.  

 

This topic covers all our eight properties in China.  

 

 

Responsibilities 

 

The Board of Directors, Mr Goh Toh Sim (Chief Executive Officer and 

Executive Director), and Mr Teo Kah Ming (Investment and Asset 

Management) oversee the management of quality of assets. 

 

 

Grievance Mechanism 

 

When tenants experience any property-related issues during the lease 

term, they can report the problem to the Property Manager, who may then 

escalate the issue to the Manager’s asset management department on a 

case-by-case basis. The asset management department and the project 

department will then conduct an on-site investigation to address the issue. 

 

 

Evaluation 

 

Quarterly internal audits, annual external audits on our ISO9001 Quality 

Management System, and annual tenant surveys.  

 

 

 

 

 










23 

 

Policies 

To manage the quality of our assets and services, EC World REIT has implemented four 

comprehensive standards, as detailed below, for all projects covering equipment and property. EC 

World REIT has reviewed these standards in 2020 to ensure their continued relevance to our 

operations. 

 

Property 

Management 

Standards 

 

Established to strengthen the management of EC World REIT’s real 

estate, scientifically carry out the transfer, supervision and post-

evaluation of investment project assets, achieve investment 

objectives, maximise investment benefits, and promote the rapid 

development of EC World REIT. 

Equipment 

Assets 

Management 

Standards 

 

Formulated to strengthen the management of the equipment assets 

of EC World REIT and ensure the completeness, safety, reasonable 

and practical use of the equipment assets.   

Asset Security 

Management 

Standards 

 

Internally developed to:  

a) strengthen the effectiveness and safety of asset management 

function;  

b) comprehensive security management of the rented units, 

property managers;  

c) comprehensive prevention of various types of safety accidents, 

natural disasters; and  

d) protection of the company’s business orders and assets 

Fixed Assets 

Security 

Management 

Standards 

 

Internally formulated to strengthen the management of fixed assets 

of EC World REIT and ensure the completeness, safety, reasonable 

and adequate use of the fixed assets. 

 

Practices 

The Manager at EC World REIT oversees asset quality, ensuring that our stakeholders’ expectations 

and interests are protected. The Manager also collaborates with the Property Manager to conduct 

timely and efficient asset maintenance. 

EC World REIT continually assesses the necessity for improvements that can be made to our assets, 

facilities and equipment to improve resource utilisation and efficiency. The processes we take for 

asset quality assessments include:  

 

• 

Assess the type of tenants and tenants' products that we want to attract 

• 

Perform annual reviews of property upkeep requirements 


24 

 

• 

Determine the best environment and equipment to offer tenants such that supplies are 

loaded/unloaded and stored in optimal conditions 

• 

Evaluate the expected commercial impacts of decisions by budgeting and forecasting 

• 

Establish what is required to reduce and eliminate pollution 

 

 

In order to ensure the quality of our facilities and equipment, EC World REIT conducts regular 

maintenance and annual inspections by the Maintenance Units across properties to fulfil the local 

and national asset management standards as demonstrated in the table below.  

 

Equipment name 

Frequency 

Elevators 

Biweekly – Monthly (depending on facility) 

Fire equipment (including fire alarm 

systems, water sprinkler systems, 

building ventilators, fire extinguishers, 

emergency telephones, etc.) 

Weekly to semi-annually (depending on system or 

equipment) 

 

In addition, we also carried out annual tenant surveys at Chongxian Port Logistics and Chongxian 

Port Investment, Stage 1 Properties of Bei Gang Logistics, Fu Heng Warehouse and Fuzhou E-

Commerce facilities in FY2020. These surveys cover several components of a tenant’s experience in 

our buildings, including customer hotline responsiveness, front desk customer service, industrial park 

maintenance, responsiveness, hygiene condition, and security. Tenants can also provide other 

comments and suggestions via this channel.  

 

Performance 

Our facilities have received several accolades in recognition of our investment into enhancing our 

assets. Chongxian Port Investment has received the “AAAAA” Logistics Enterprise Award by the 

China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing, as well as the "Trustworthy and Creditable" Enterprise 

Award by the Market Supervision and Administration Bureau of Yuhang District in Hangzhou. Further 

to that, the EC World REIT office in Singapore has also obtained the BCA Green Mark Award (Office 

Interior), which assesses office spaces based on their energy and water efficiency, sustainable 

management and operations, and indoor environmental quality.  

Chongxian Port Investment, and Hengde Logistics have also been externally audited against the 

ISO9001:2015 quality management system standards, certifying the establishment, maintenance, 

and validity of the management system at these operations.  

This year, our annual tenant survey results have been generally satisfactory across the assessed 

facilities. There were also some comments and suggestions raised by some of the respondents, which 

we have taken note of and will address accordingly in the coming year.  

 


25 

 

Perpetual Target 

1. New/renewed leases at rental rates equal to or above 

the rental rate of the current property.  

Not met 

2.  Perform maintenance and inspection of the assets as 

per national and local standards. 

Achieved 

 

In FY2020, we achieved 74% of new/renewed leases at rental rates equal to or above the current 

property. This is mainly due to the economic situation as impacted by COVID-19. Though we were 

not able to meet our 100% target in FY2020, we will endeavour to optimise the portfolio to meet this 

target in the next reporting year should the situation allows. 

 

 


26 

 

Rain and Sewage Pipe Network Reconstruction Project in Hangzhou Chongxian Port Area 

 

The Hangzhou Municipal Government, the regulator for urban drainage and sewage treatment in 

Hangzhou, has recently strengthened its requirements, requiring all enterprises in the area to divert 

rain and sewage efficiently and to discharge all sewage into the municipal pipe network. In view of 

this development and as part of our continuous efforts to maintain good quality assets, EC World 

conducted inspections and reformed the drainage and sewage pipeline networks in our Chongxian 

Port Investment and Stage 1 Properties of Beigang Logistics in 2019 and 2020. This will allow for 

better reutilisation of diverted rainwater to be used as natural landscape water or urban municipal 

water for spraying roads, and also improve the efficiency and reduce costs of municipal sewage 

treatment.  

 

Initial inspections of our pipelines detected several issues that arose as a result of the natural 

settlement of the foundation and the passage of heavy-duty vehicles on the roads in the area. As 

such, several rectifications were made to the network, including excavation of sections of the 

pipeline network that were damaged or deformed, flushing out the network to ensure no blockages, 

and re-adjusting the connection of the outlet to the municipal sewage pipe network. All excavated 

roads were restored to their original condition and the project was a success, ultimately ensuring 

that the pipeline network met the regulatory requirements. 

 

 

 

 

 

Excavation and replacement works of drainage pipes in the Beigang facility 

 

 

 

 

 








27 

 

Product Innovation 

 

 

Why this material topic and its boundary 

 

EC World REIT values the importance of innovation in attracting new 

tenants and improving client relationships, especially in the real estate 

sector. At EC World REIT, we take initiative and foster innovation in the 

structure of rental lease and services, flexibility in the building’s 

aesthetics and fixtures, availability of space for leasing, as well as in our 

customer service.  

 

Innovation takes place across all our properties, including the corporate 

office in Singapore. 

 

 

Responsibilities 

 

The Engineering Department at the Property Manager works closely 

with the Investment and Asset Management Department of the 

Manager in implementing innovation initiatives at EC World REIT. 

 

 

Grievance Mechanism 

 

The Engineering Department at the Property Manager welcomes any 

ideas or feedback regarding innovation from all employees. These 

suggestions will be submitted to the General Manager for review and 

approval. 

 

 

Evaluation 

 

While product innovation in itself cannot be evaluated, the success of 

our innovation strategies can be reflected in other material matters. For 

example, product innovation can enhance the quality of assets, improve 

workplace health and safety, increase the tenant retention rate, and 

boost energy efficiency.   

 

 

 

 










28 

 

Policies and Practices 

As product innovation offers a competitive advantage in the market and contributes to its business 

sustainability, EC World REIT ensures regular communications between the Property Manager, the 

tenants, and other departments for product innovation identification and creation. After identified 

projects proposed by the Property Manager are approved by the General Manager, a dedicated 

Asset Department then implements these asset transformations or upgrades, using funds set aside 

every year for improving identified assets. 

To stimulate and promote innovation in our organisation, the Manager has also formulated an 

incentive policy. Employees who bring positive economic, environmental, or social values via 

innovation in their work or projects will be rewarded.  

From the perspective of customer needs, EC World REIT adds value to the relationship with our 

customers by innovating the customer experience and providing customised services for our tenants. 

Recognising that tenants have different requirements, EC World REIT provides information regarding 

the labour service companies registered in the park at no additional charge, allowing customers to 

identify and connect with the service best suited to their needs. We also upgrade the dormitories 

within our facilities according to tenant needs. To better assist our tenants in their logistic needs, we 

are also looking to increase the accessibility of logistics equipment leasing in the future. 

 

Performance 

As part of the Manager and Property Manager’s continuous endeavours to explore new innovative 

products and services to complement our logistics operations, some upgrading projects we 

undertook in FY2020 include the automatic voltage stabilisation project of Hengde Logistics fire gas 

system and the installation of exhaust fans in Fuzhou Warehouse and Fu Heng Warehouse (see case 

study below for more information). 

EC World REIT is also in the process of installing photovoltaic panels to the roof of our Fuzhou facility, 

which will translate to significant energy savings. The solar panels are currently under construction 

and are targeted for completion by May 2021. (see the case study under the “Our Environment – 

Energy Use and GHG Emissions” section for more information). 

Overall, these improvements bring about excellent efficiency improvements to our tenants’ logistics 

operations, and they will help to enhance our stakeholder relationships in the long run.   

 

 

FY2020 Target 

Upgrading 1-2 property 

features annually 

Achieved 

 

 


29 

 

Increasing tenant comfort in Fu Heng Warehouse and Fuzhou E-Commerce facilities 

 

In Hangzhou city, the summer temperatures are high, and this is further exacerbated in indoor 

areas, creating a potentially stuffy, humid working environment. The Property Managers at Fu Heng 

Warehouse and Fuzhou E-Commerce have recognised this effect in the two properties and the 

adverse impact this may have on the long-term health and well-being of tenants and other relevant 

personnel who work in the space.  

 

As such, with the aim to improve ventilation in the warehouses, exhaust fans on the top floors of 

these two assets were installed in FY2020. Temperature measures before and after installation 

have shown an average decrease of 4-5 degrees Celsius, thereby increasing customer comfort 

and preventing adverse impacts such as heat exhaustion.  

 

 

An interior and exterior look at the installed ventilation fans 

 

 

 






30 

 

Our People 

Profile of Our Workforce 

 

EC World REIT’s long-term success depends on a healthy, diverse, and competent workforce. Due 

to the nature of our business, workers under the Property Manager located in China, accounting for 

a significant portion of our workforce, are defined as non-employees under the REIT. The REIT’s direct 

employees are under the responsibility of the Manager located in Singapore. There were also no part-

time or temporary employees in Singapore in 2019 nor 2020.  

In Singapore, the number of full-time/permanent employees fell slightly in FY2020, due to natural 

accretions and turnovers. There was a fall in the number of staff of property manager in China due to 

changes in the organisational structure which resulted in the relocation of manpower to other sister 

companies and outsourcing of non-core activities. 

Details of our workforce can be found in the graphs below.  

 

 

*Staff under the Property Manager in China are defined as non-employee workers in EC World REIT. 

8

8

5

10

9

7

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

Number of Full-time/Permanent employees in Singapore 

(staff of Manager)

Male

Female

25

17

4

20

17

8

2018

2019

2020

Number of workers in China (staff of Property Manager)

Male

Female


31 

 

Workplace Health and Safety 

 

 

Why this material topic and its boundary 

 

Workplace health and safety concerns all stakeholders of EC World 

REIT, with the potential to significantly impact business continuity and 

the well-being of our employees, visitors, and customers. When 

management of health and safety is weak, an organisation may face 

legal liability, damage its business profitability, and lose its 

competency in the market. As such, to protect our stakeholders, the 

Manager sets and implements rigorous procedures regarding health 

and safety at the workplace. 

 

The Manager at EC World REIT stresses the importance of workplace 

health and safety across all departments.  

 

 

 

Responsibilities 

 

The Board, Senior Management, the Compliance &amp; Risk Management 

Department, and the HR Department oversee and monitor workplace 

health and safety both in the REIT’s assets and at the Manager’s 

operational premises.  

 

 

Grievance Mechanism 

 

Employees under both the Manager and Property Manager are 

encouraged to immediately report any incidents or potential risks 

regarding workplace health and safety via our Whistle-blowing Policy.  

 

 

 

Evaluation 

 

Multiple internal audits are conducted annually to identify and correct 

potential misbehaviour and issues. 

 

A monthly report is also recorded and sent to the Board/Senior 

Management. 

 

 

 

 

 










32 

 

Policies 

EC World REIT ensures our operations are conducted in accordance with the relevant workplace 

health and safety regulations in the countries we operate in. 

 

Singapore 

China 

Workplace Safety and Health 

(WSH) Act 

Work Safety Law 

Guideline of China Occupational 

Safety and Health Management 

System 

The WSH Act is a legislation 

that covers the safety, health 

and welfare of persons at 

work. The WSH Act requires 

stakeholders to take 

reasonably practicable 

measures to ensure the safety 

and health of workers and 

contributes to creating a 

safety culture in the 

workplace. 

The Work Safety Law is a 

national legislation that 

creates an obligation for 

employers in China to 

provide a safe and healthy 

working environment for 

employees by establishing a 

comprehensive health and 

safety program and protects 

workers from accidents in 

the workplace. 

This standard stipulates the 

principles and general requirements 

for the establishment, maintenance 

and evaluation of the standardized 

management system for enterprise 

safety production. It also outlines the 

responsibilities of on-site safety risk 

control and risk management in 

implementing proper emergency and 

accident management procedures. 

 

Additionally, the Property Manager sets comprehensive safety management policies and procedures 

at our assets in China. These range from the roles and responsibilities of a work safety committee, 

work safety meeting arrangements, special equipment safety management, fire safety, safety 

education and training, electricity use, management of hazardous items and more. 

  

Practices 

Our workplace health and safety practices are guided by a standard operating procedure – 

Workplace Health and Safety Promotion Plan. Its objectives are outlined as follows.  

 

Workplace Health and Safety Promotion Plan 

EC World REIT promotes a healthy and safe workplace by: 

• 

Inspecting and checking workplace surroundings  

• 

Training employees on safety awareness  

• 

Regular engagement of employees through talks and feedback sessions  

• 

Investigation of incidents  

• 

Maintenance of incident records  

• 

Fire/safety drills  

• 

Banners to promote workplace health and safety  

 


33 

 

 

Hazard Identification and Risk Assessments 

The Environmental and Safety Department and Safety Steering Committee from the Property 

Manager of each facility collaborate to confirm compliance with Health and Safety Management 

System as well as relevant regulations. Risk assessments and internal audits are also conducted 

annually. The following case study details an example of how a hazard identification framework is 

implemented in two of EC World REIT’s facilities. 

 

Hazard identification at Chongxian Port Investment and Chongxian Port Logistics 

 

Workplace Safety Committee. Comprising the management and representatives from various 

departments of the sole tenant (Fu Gang Supply Chain), the Committee oversees and monitors 

the health and safety policies, performance, and targets. The Committee meets quarterly to 

summarise the health and safety practices in operations at Chongxian Port Investment and 

Chongxian Port Logistics. Every month, the Committee also holds a firm-wide meeting with key 

Environment, Health, and Safety (EHS) personnel to ensure effective implementation of the health 

and safety standards.  

 

Hazard Identification and Risk Assessment. Led by the Workplace Safety Committee, hazard 

identification involves processes such as the investigation of key devices and equipment, the 

examination of electricity and fire suppression systems, inspections of seasonal-related risks. 

Based on the relative hazard potential identified from the risk assessment, the tenant conducts the 

relevant investigation method (see below diagram for further details).  

 

 

 

When any hazards are detected, workers can report such hazards to their respective departmental 

leaders at Fu Gang Supply Chain. For general hazards, departments involved need to plan the 




34 

 

corrective actions within 24 hours. For significant or major hazards, the workplace safety 

committee shall assess and report immediately. The workplace safety office and the firm’s 

management will monitor a major or significant hazard until it is eliminated. A reward and 

consequence system has been established for hazard identification, and no reprisals against the 

reporters will be tolerated.  

 

Incident Investigation. At Chongxian Port Investment and Chongxian Port Logistics, work-

related incidents are categorised into three severity levels based on the seriousness of impact to 

human health, direct and indirect economic loss, and degree of environmental pollution. Apart from 

documenting essential information such the location and date, the investigation process will also 

entail reviewing the associated hazards that resulted in the incident (e.g. defects in personal 

protective equipment) to prevent any future occurrences. 

 

 

Occupational Health Services 

The well-being of employees is one of EC World REIT’s primary concerns. The REIT sponsors 

employees with an annual medical health check-up; in our China facilities, the Property Manager also 

arranges transport where necessary to professionally certified screening centres. While a health 

expert is usually invited annually at the medical screening centre to give both occupational health 

and general wellbeing advice to our employees, this initiative was not carried out this year due to 

COVID-19, but we hope to resume these wellbeing talks when the situation allows. 

 

Worker Training and Consultation on Occupational Health and Safety 

Training on occupational health and safety (OHS) is aligned with governmental regulations and is 

compulsory for all employees. All incoming employees will also undergo a safety training programme 

to familiarise themselves with handling electrical items in the office pantry, safety guidelines for using 

the ladder, emergency exits and fire extinguishers and proper handling of heavy or bulky items. In the 

Singapore office, a health and safety office tour is also arranged for new employees. These trainings 

were not conducted in FY2020 as there were no new employees for the year. 

Contractor staff must attend a safety briefing and acknowledge safety agreements before 

commencing work. For special equipment operators such as electricians, the REIT requires the 

provision of relevant certificates and training records before engaging them for work.  

In China, staff meetings within EC REIT’s working groups are also held weekly to gather any feedback 

regarding occupational health and safety in our daily operations. Any concerns and feedback will 

then be conveyed to management. 

Prevention and Mitigation of OHS Impacts 

We conduct frequent workplace inspections to provide a safe work environment for the employees. 

Various workplace inspections at our China assets include daily inspections of electrical rooms, 

biweekly and quarterly lift maintenance, monthly checks on fire suppression systems, and canteen 

work checks. Should any issues detected or occurred, timely maintenance and repair works will be 

arranged and documented.  

 

 


35 

 

Promotion of Worker Health 

Apart from employees’ occupational health and safety, EC World REIT also endeavours to promote 

workers’ overall health and well-being. In the Singapore office, the Manager organises welfare events 

such as fruit sessions. At the China assets, the Property Manager provides sports utilities and 

frequently holds mass sports events. In 2020 however, due to the unprecedented impacts of COVID-

19, the Manager and Property Manager were unable to carry out such activities due to safe distancing 

measures in place, and the Manager and Property Manager look forward to resuming such sessions 

in the future. 

 

2020 SGX Bull Charge Run 

 

SGX Bull Charge is a corporate charity initiative that rallies Singapore’s financial community 

and listed companies to support the needs of underprivileged children and families, persons 

with disabilities. This year, the Manager was a Bronze Bull Sponsor for the Charity Run 

segment of the event. 

 

While the Charity Run has been held as a physical running event for the past 16 years, it was 

instead transformed into a two-week fundraiser to protect the well-being of participants due 

to COVID-19. This did not dampen the spirits of ECWAM employees, as participants ran at 

their own pace and space over the fundraising period.  

 

Performance 

In FY2020, EC World REIT recorded zero fatalities as a result of work-related injuries, as well as zero 

high-consequence work-related injuries2 and zero recordable work-related injuries for both workers 

in China and employees in Singapore. No cases of recordable work-related ill health or fatality as a 

result of work-related ill health were recorded either. 

 

FY2020 Targets 

0 work-related injuries 

that resulted in staff 

permanent disability or 

fatality 

Achieved 

Conduct annual fire 

safety drill 

Achieved 

 

 

 

 

2 As defined by GRI 403 2018 Standard, high-consequence work-related injury refers to work-related injury 

that results in a fatality or an injury from which the worker cannot, does not, or is not expected to recover fully 

to pre-injury health status within 6 months. 


36 

 

Our Environment 

Energy Use and Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions 

  

 

Why this material topic and its boundary 

 

Energy use and its associated GHG emissions directly contribute to 

climate change. As a responsible organisation, we are fully aware of 

our duty to protect the environment and combat global warming by 

maximising the energy efficiency across our properties.  

 

This report includes the total energy use and GHG emissions data 

generated from the properties under the REIT’s operational control. 

Scope 1 (direct GHG emissions) and Scope 2 (energy indirect GHG 

emissions) are both reported.  

  

 

Responsibilities 

 

Mr Teo Kah Ming (Vice President, Investment and Asset 

Management) oversee the energy-saving initiatives and the 

corresponding emissions which are undertaken by the Property 

Manager in China.   

  

  

 

 

Grievance Mechanism 

 

Employees are encouraged to report any excessive or inefficient 

energy use to the Property Manager.  

  

 

 

 

 

Evaluation 

 

The Manager evaluates energy usage and GHG emissions based on 

the number of energy initiatives and energy-saving awareness across 

our properties.  

  

  

 

 

 

 










37 

 

Policy 

In China, our properties meet the Energy Conservation Law, which is China’s national regulation on 

energy and emissions.  

  

Practices 

EC World REIT tracks energy usage trends systematically, by generating an energy usage analysis 

report every month. Based on the review, the Manager implements the most practical energy-saving 

initiatives which can tackle significant sources of energy use and emissions across our properties.  

To increase general awareness of energy conservation, relevant training and education are also 

conducted for relevant personnel. EC World REIT also takes steps to increase environmental 

awareness in our lessees. 

In FY2020, EC World REIT continued our initiative of switching our lighting systems to more energy-

efficient LED options. To fully utilise the useful lifespan of the lightings, we have been implementing 

this progressively in batches. In public areas, we have also been replacing lights with energy-saving 

or voice-control lights and reducing night lighting use where reasonable. 

This year, a total of 650 light bulbs were replaced with LED lights, resulting in a combined estimated 

energy saving of 61,838 kWh annually.  

 

Property 

Number of 

replaced LED 

light bulbs 

Estimated 

energy savings 

(kWh/year) 

Hengde Logistics 

350 

27,466 

Fu Heng Warehouse 

52 

9,110 

Fuzhou E-Commerce 

110 

19,200 

Stage 1 Properties of Bei Gang 

Logistics 

138 

6,062 

 

 


38 

 

FY2020 Performance3 

At EC World REIT, only Chongxian Port Investment has fuel consumption (and Scope 1 GHG 

emissions). Unless otherwise stated, the denominator used in intensity figures in this report is the 

sum of the total net lettable area across our properties in China and the floor area of the corporate 

office in Singapore within each year’s reporting scope. 

In FY2020, EC World REIT’s fuel consumption, related Scope 1 GHG emissions and corresponding 

intensity decreased as compared to FY2019. While this was in part due to the COVID-19 pandemic 

that resulted in a slowdown of operations, the reduction in the usage of forklifts that require fuel to 

operate has also contributed to the reduction in energy consumed. On the other hand, electricity 

consumption, related Scope 2 GHG emissions, and its corresponding intensity have increased, 

mainly due to the new cold room facility that was set up in Fuzhou E-Commerce last year. 

 

Total Energy Consumption 

Fuel Consumption 

Electricity  

Consumption 

1409.2 TJ 

Diesel 

255.4 TJ 

21,356 MWh 

Motor Gasoline 

1076.9 TJ 

 

GHG Emissions 

(Scope 1) 

93.6 ktCo2e 

GHG Emissions 

(Scope 2) 

17.2 ktCo2e 

 

 

 

3 GHG emissions are calculated following the requirements and principles of Greenhouse Gas Protocol. Scope 

1 emission factors are sourced from the 2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories. Scope 

2 emission factors are sourced from relevant official documents from Singapore and China. 


39 

 

 

 

 

*FY2018 electricity consumption data for Fu Heng Warehouse is an estimated figure. 

 

496.2

1492.9

1076.9

984.7

1302.9

255.4

2.0

2.9

1.4

0.0

1.0

2.0

3.0

0.0

1000.0

2000.0

3000.0

4000.0

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

Energy intensity (GJ/m2)

Fuel consumption (TJ)

Fuel consumption within EC World REIT from FY2018-FY2020

Motor Gasoline Consumption (TJ)

Diesel Consumption (TJ)

Total Energy Intensity (GJ/m2)

16818

18371

21356

22.5

19.1

22.2

17.0

18.0

19.0

20.0

21.0

22.0

23.0

15000

16500

18000

19500

21000

22500

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

Electricity Intensity (kWh/m2)

Electricity consumption (MWh)

Electricity Consumption within EC World REIT from FY2018* - FY2020

Electricity Consumption (MWh)

Electricity intensity (kWh/m2)


40 

 

  

 

 

FY2022 Target 

EC World REIT aims to reduce its total energy 

consumption from the properties under its 

operation control gradually over the next five 

years (with FY2017 being the baseline) 

In progress 

 

 Since 2017, EC World 

REIT has achieved an 

overall reduction of 29% in 

its total energy 

consumption across its 

properties. We look 

forward to continual 

improvement of this target, 

and are on track towards 

meeting this target next 

year too, as we continue to 

explore more energy 

efficient options in our 

business operations. 

 

 

 

143.8

208.1

97.4

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

Scope 1 GHG Emission Intensity 

(kg/m2)

18.2

15.4

17.9

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

Scope 2 GHG Emission Intensity 

(kg/m2)

1982.0

1541.4

2861.9

1409.2

0.0

500.0

1000.0

1500.0

2000.0

2500.0

3000.0

3500.0

FY2017

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

Total Energy Consumption (TJ)


41 

 

Fuzhou E-Commerce Photovoltaic Project 

 

Solar energy is a vast and clean form of renewable energy, and photovoltaic systems harness the 

sun’s energy in the form of light and radiation and convert it into usable electricity. The Fuzhou E-

Commerce Photovoltaic Project is a collaboration between EC World REIT and Hangzhou Sunny 

Energy Science and Technology Co. Ltd, a key producer for photovoltaic (PV) products and PV 

systems in China to install photovoltaic panels on the rooftops of a building within the Fuzhou E-

Commerce facility. 

 

This project commenced in early 2020 and is scheduled to be connected to the grid for power 

generation by the first half of 2021. Based on the geographical location of the property and roofing 

conditions, it is estimated that this photovoltaic system can generate an average of 2.4 million kWh 

of electricity annually. 

 

Considerations of which building to install these solar panels on is also expected to bring about 

other advantages, such as reducing indoor temperatures of the warehouse of which it is housed 

above by 3-5 degrees Celsius. The photovoltaic system also offsets some of the electricity 

generated from non-renewable sources, indirectly reducing secondary impacts such as air 

pollution.  

 

Projected energy saving and emissions reduction  

(Fuzhou E-Commerce Photovoltaic Project) 

Name 

Average reduction 

(tonnes/year) 

Standard coal usage 

960.6 

Carbon dust emissions 

653.2 

Carbon dioxide emissions 

2394.3 

Sulfur dioxide emissions 

72.04 

Nitrogen oxide emissions 

36.02 

 

 

 

Solar panels in the installation process at the Fuzhou Commerce property 






42 

 

GRI Content Index 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Section of Report 

Page    

Reference  

General Disclosures  

GRI 102:    

General       

Disclosures 

2016  

Organisational profile  

102-1  

Name of the organisation  

About the Report  4 

102-2  

Activities, brands, products, and 

services  

About EC World  

5-7 

102-3  

Location of headquarters  

About EC World  

5-7 

102-4  

Location of operations  

About EC World  

5-7 

102-5  

Ownership and legal form  

About EC World  

5-7 

102-6  

Markets served  

About EC World  

5-7 

102-7  

Scale of the organisation  

About EC World  

5-7 

102-8  

Information on employees and other 

workers  

Our People  

30 

102-9  

Supply chain  

Supply Chain 

Management  

7 

102-10  

Significant changes to the organisation 

and its supply chain  

About EC World  

5-7 

102-11  

Precautionary Principle or approach  

Risk Management  16 

102-12  

External initiatives  

About EC World  

5-7 

102-13  

Membership of associations  

About EC World  

5-7 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker  Board Statement  2-3 


43 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Section of Report 

Page    

Reference  

 

102-16  

Values, principles, standards, and 

norms of behaviour  

Ethics and 

Integrity  

17 

Governance 

102-18  

Governance structure  

Governance  

16-21 

Stakeholder engagement 

102-40  

List of stakeholder groups  

Stakeholder      

Engagement  

9 

102-41  

Collective bargaining agreements  

EC World REIT 

does not have any 

collective 

bargaining 

agreements  

N.A. 

102-42  

Identifying and selecting stakeholders  Stakeholder      

Engagement  

9 

102-43  

Approach to stakeholder engagement  Stakeholder      

Engagement  

9 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised  

Stakeholder      

Engagement  

9 

GRI 102:    

General       

Disclosures 

2016   

Reporting practice  

102-45  

Entities included in the consolidated    

financial statements  

About the Report  4 

102-46  

Defining report content and topic    

Boundaries  

About the Report  4 

102-47 

List of material topics  

Materiality         

Assessment  

11 


44 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Section of Report 

Page    

Reference  

102-48  

Restatements of information  

There are no 

restatements of 

information in this 

Report.  

N.A. 

102-49 

Changes in reporting  

About the Report  4 

102-50 

Reporting period  

About the Report  4 

102-51  

Date of most recent report  

31 May 2020 

N.A. 

102-52 

Reporting cycle  

About the Report  4 

102-53  

Contact point for questions regarding 

the report  

About the Report  4 

102-54  

Claims of reporting in accordance with 

the GRI Standards  

About the Report  4 

102-55 

GRI content index  

GRI Content Index  42-47 

102-56  

External assurance  

Not sought 

N.A. 

Topic-specific GRI Standard Disclosures  

Category: Economic 

Product Innovation (Value-added Service) 

GRI 103:    

General       

Disclosures 

2016   

103-1  

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary  

Product 

Innovation  

27 

103-2  

The management approach and its 

components  

Product 

Innovation  

27 

103-3  

Evaluation of the management 

approach  

Product 

Innovation  

27 

Category: Environmental 

Energy Use and GHG Emissions 

GRI 103:    

General       

103-1  

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary  

Energy Use and 

GHG Emissions  

36-41 


45 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Section of Report 

Page    

Reference  

Disclosures 

2016    

103-2  

The management approach and its 

components  

Energy Use and 

GHG Emissions  

36-41 

103-3  

Evaluation of the management 

approach  

Energy Use and 

GHG Emissions  

36-41 

GRI 302:      

Energy 2016  

302-1  

Energy consumption within the             

organisation  

Energy Use and 

GHG Emissions  

36-41 

302-3  

Energy intensity  

Energy Use and 

GHG Emissions  

36-41 

GRI 305:    

Emissions 2016   

305-2  

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG 

emissions  

Energy Use and 

GHG Emissions  

36-41 

305-4  

GHG emissions intensity  

Energy Use and 

GHG Emissions  

36-41 

GRI G4 Sector 

Disclosure: 

Construction 

and Real Estate  

CRE-3  

Greenhouse gas emissions intensity 

from buildings  

Energy Use and 

GHG Emissions  

36-41 

Category: Social 

Workplace Health and Safety 

GRI 103:    

General       

Disclosures 

2016   

103-1  

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary  

Workplace Health 

and Safety 

31-35 

103-2  

The management approach and its 

components  

Workplace Health 

and Safety 

31-35 

103-3  

Evaluation of the management 

approach  

Workplace Health 

and Safety 

31-35 

GRI 403:      

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety 2018   

403-1 

Occupational health and safety 

management system 

Workplace Health 

and Safety 

31-35 

403-2 

Hazard identification, risk assessment, 

and incident investigation 

Workplace Health 

and Safety 

31-35 


46 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Section of Report 

Page    

Reference  

403-3 

Occupational health services 

Workplace Health 

and Safety 

31-35 

403-4 

Worker participation, consultation, and 

communication on occupational health 

and safety  

Workplace Health 

and Safety 

31-35 

403-5 

Worker training on occupational health 

and safety 

Workplace Health 

and Safety 

31-35 

403-6 

Promotion of worker health 

Workplace Health 

and Safety 

31-35 

403-7 

Prevention and mitigation of 

occupational health and safety impacts 

directly linked by business 

relationships 

Workplace Health 

and Safety 

31-35 

403-9 

Work-related injuries 

Workplace Health 

and Safety 

31-35 

403-10 

Work-related ill health 

Workplace Health 

and Safety 

31-35 

Category: Social 

Quality of Assets 

GRI 103:    

General       

Disclosures 

2016   

103-1  

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary  

Quality of Assets 

22-26 

103-2  

The management approach and its 

components  

Quality of Assets 

22-26 

103-3  

Evaluation of the management 

approach  

Quality of Assets 

22-26 

GRI G4 Sector 

Disclosure: 

Construction 

and Real Estate  

CRE-8  

Type and number of sustainability            

certification, rating and labeling 

schemes for new construction, 

management, occupation and 

redevelopment  

Quality of Assets 

22-26 


47 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Section of Report 

Page    

Reference  

Category: Governance 

Regulatory Compliance 

GRI 103:    

General       

Disclosures 

2016   

103-1  

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary  

Regulatory     

Compliance 

19-21 

103-2  

The management approach and its 

components  

Regulatory     

Compliance 

19-21 

103-3  

Evaluation of the management 

approach  

Regulatory     

Compliance 

19-21 

GRI307:       

Environmental 

Compliance 

2016 &amp;         

GRI 419:             

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

2016  

307-1  

Non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations  

Regulatory     

Compliance 

19-21 

419-1  

Non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and economic 

area  

Regulatory     

Compliance 

19-21 

 

