
 

Page 1 of 10 

 



 

 

  

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

ECOWISE HOLDINGS LIMITED  

Sustainability Report 2018  

  

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

Page 2 of 10 

 



Contents 

 

1. 

Executive Summary  

3 

1.1 About ecoWise Holdings Limited (ecoWise) 

3 

1.2 Report Scope 

3 

1.3 Methodology 

3 

2. 

Board Message 

4 

3. 

Sustainability evaluation  

5 

3.1 Environment 

6 

3.2 Social 

7 

3.3 Governance 

8 

3.4  Economic 

9 

4. 

Vision for ecoWise by 2025  

9 

5. 

Targets for 2019 on Sustainability  

10 

6. 

Conclusion  

10 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This sustainability report has been prepared by ecoWise Holdings Limited ("Company") and its 

contents have been reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, ZICO Capital Pte. Ltd. ("Sponsor"), in 

accordance with Rule 226(2)(b) of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) 

Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist.  

 

This sustainability report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes 

no responsibility for the contents of this sustainability report, including the correctness of any of the 

statements or opinions made or reports contained in this sustainability report.  

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms. Alice Ng, Director of Continuing Sponsorship, ZICO Capital 

Pte. Ltd., at 8 Robinson Road, #09-00 ASO Building, Singapore 048544, telephone (65) 6636 4201. 

 

 


 

Page 3 of 10 

 



1. Executive Summary  

 

1.1 About ecoWise Holdings Limited 

Founded in 1979, ecoWise Holdings Limited (“Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the 

“Group” or “ecoWise”) is a leading integrated environment solution company that focuses on three 

(3) core business segments, namely (1) Resource Recovery, (2) Renewable Energy and (3) Integrated 

Environmental Management Solutions. Headquartered in Singapore, the Group has projects and 

operations which span across 3 countries – Singapore, Malaysia, and China. The Group combines its 

innovative expertise and cost-effective management through research and development. To date, the 

Group has managed many notable waste-to-energy and resource up-cycling projects, constantly 

positioning itself prominently in the waste management value chain and contributed to the 

development of sustainable environment solutions for the world.   

The Company is listed on the Catalist Board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(“SGX-ST” or “Singapore Exchange”). For more information on the Group, please visit the Company’s 

website at www.ecowise.com.sg.  

1.2 Report Scope 

The Group’s approach towards sustainability is set out in our organisational mission, which includes 

(i) establishing awareness, propagation, promotion of use of environmental friendly products derived 

from recycled waste, (ii) establishment of best practices in coming up with innovative value-added 

products that are in harmony with ecological principles, and (iii) continuous research and 

development to create higher value for all stakeholders. This sustainability report (“Sustainability 

Report”) outlines our practices in keeping our business sustainable amidst the challenging economic 

climate for the 12-month period from 1 November 2017 to 31 October 2018 (“FY2018”). This 

Sustainability Report will be based on three (3) material issues – Environment, Social and Governance 

(“ESG”). Key issues that are likely to have impact on the Group have been discussed, assessed from 

both quantitative and qualitative aspects and reviewed across the three (3) business segments of the 

Group.  

 

1.3 Methodology  

This Sustainability Report has been produced in accordance with the International Integrated 

Reporting Council’s Framework (“IR”). We have chosen IR as the sustainability reporting framework 

as it brings greater cohesion and efficiency to the reporting process, and adopting ‘integrated thinking’ 

as a way of breaking down internal silos, reducing duplication and improve the quality of information 

available to providers of financial capital to enable a more efficient and productive allocation of capital. 

In this Sustainability Report, we focus on the identified material issues in determining the 

sustainability of our business. As this is our first Sustainability Report to all stakeholders, a 

Sustainability Steering Committee was formed on 1 November 2018, comprising department heads 

across the Group’s business units, led by the board of directors of ecoWise (“Board” or “Directors”), 

to address all the sustainability material issues concerning the Group.  

This Sustainability Report has not been externally assured. We welcome feedback from our 

stakeholders on this report at sustainability@ecowise.com.sg 


 

Page 4 of 10 

 



 

2. Board Message 

Dear stakeholders,  

We are pleased to present ecoWise’s inaugural Sustainability Report. Listed since 2003 on the 

Singapore Exchange, ecoWise has transformed itself from resource recovery provider to a pioneer in 

integrated waste management in Singapore. Aligning to the pressing topic of sustainability, ecoWise 

had the opportunity to convene with many partners to participate in the zero-waste movement with 

our global ecological footprint.  

The topic of sustainability has become one of the top conversations today as we face rapid and 

significant environmental challenges. Being in the resource management business for over 40 years, 

we are not only heartened to see the growing awareness of our business but the committed people 

behind the scenes who fuelled our operations tirelessly. In this inaugural Sustainability Report, we are 

pleased to share with our stakeholders a perspective of our sustainability efforts. 

Our business has expanded and evolved tremendously over the years to address the demand within 

the resource recovery segment. From industrial waste recovery to providing integrated environment 

management solutions in prominent sectors, we would like to provide a snapshot of ecoWise’s 

endeavour on the business sustainability across our three (3) geographical segments – Singapore, 

Malaysia, and China.   

In 2018, the Group experienced the impact of the slower economy. Despite the uncertain economic 

landscape in the coming year, investment returns continue to remain as one of our key priorities to 

our stakeholders. As part of our long term plan, strategic business review was undertaken in terms of 

operations efficiency, innovation in our services and retaining our talents in the industry within 

ecoWise. We hope this gives our stakeholders the confidence in recognising the long-term and 

sustainable benefits over the short-term gains.  

As an active player in environment conversation, ensuring the success of the organisation in a 

sustainable and responsible manner is an imperative part of our organisation goals. On the operational 

front, safety remains the utmost important policy in our operations. Strict safety protocols are 

emphasized and regulated from time to time, without compromising our service delivery to our clients.  

We believe steering a zero-waste society can be promoted by starting from the community. As part of 

our corporate social responsibility, through our sponsorship program to Tampines Rovers Football 

Club (TRFC), we distributed reusable bags at the football matches to encourage Singaporeans to take 

up the Green Challenge, reducing the use of plastic bags by promoting a conscious effort in daily lives.  

Integration of sustainability in our strategic planning is a fundamental principle. ecoWise has achieved 

its success today because of various stakeholder groups, actively participating in the value chain we 

created. We strive to create an impact, but not limiting to what we do as a business for the 

environment. We are committed to building trust by being steadfast in our values when realizing the 

new frontiers in the coming years.  

Beyond this Sustainability Report, we seek to expand our reporting boundaries in the next year to 

inform our stakeholders of our endeavours and commitments concerning the material issues the 

Board and Steering Committee have identified.  

 


 

Page 5 of 10 

 



3. Sustainability evaluation  

As ecoWise values the importance of business sustainability, a Sustainability Steering Committee was 

formed to identify, evaluate, prioritise and determine all sustainability issues concerning the 

organisation in a cohesive manner.   

As this is the first Sustainability Report, we have adopted the IR framework in accounting for our 

sustainability development. Various materiality assessments were made based on the IR framework 

before we identify material issues on the ‘ESG’ factors that are significant and have an impact to our 

organisation and stakeholders.  

The following material factors are determined after an internal evaluation of issues, risks, and 

opportunities corresponding to the sustainability objectives. This is aligned with the Group’s business 

strategy set out in FY2018 and being the first Sustainability Report submitted for stakeholders’ 

knowledge. This Sustainability Report aims to complement our 2018 annual report on the 

organisation’s progress amidst the challenging outlook of the economy coupled with the growing 

interest of sustainability issues in the wider community.  

The following factors will provide an overview of the Group’s risks and opportunities that await us and 

will have an impact on our organisation.  

 

Like every operating business, economic performance has a direct impact on the sustainability of the 

business when considering the operating maintenance costs and the ability to support investment 

opportunities. It is in ecoWise’s interest to ensure the Group’s financial performance and position can 

fulfil the organisation’s endeavour in a top-down manner in tandem with a diversification of our supply 

chain and evaluation of capital costs from bottom up.  

Mission Statement – As one of the leading organisations in the business of recycling, it is in ecoWise’s 

agenda and interest to be in a business that is sustainable – an organisation that lowers the footprint 

of waste amidst continuing urbanisation and increases the awareness of the industry through its 

people and partners.  

Stakeholders – ecoWise values all stakeholders including those not directly affected by financial 

returns. This includes employees, customers, business partners, government partners, and local 

communities. Creating value that impacts beyond our investors is critical to our vision of success. 

Hence, all stakeholders are recognised as interdependent capitals in our business.  




 

Page 6 of 10 

 



In future reporting, we intend to refine our assessment of our value chain and our impacts as part of 

our sustainable development and stakeholder engagement on material priorities.  

3.1 Environment 

Our businesses are greatly influenced by the external environment. In line with the numerous green 

efforts’ adoption today, we have achieved this by identifying gaps in the market and innovating 

solutions to optimise our outputs. For instance, we identified food supply company like Nestle in 

recycling spent grains (a by-product from their beverage production) into organic feeds for farm 

animals in the region, by using our biomass heat to dry the grains, resulting in a 100% green organic 

feed.  

Across our different operations, our electricity needs are self-sustained via our own biomass power 

plant. This exemplifies the green effort within the operations and illustrates how ecoWise leads by 

example. 

 

Since 2014, we have been awarded the EQAIMS business quality awards and have consistently been 

affirmed by the standards since then. This illustrates our commitment to manage our environmental 

responsibilities by complying with statutory and regulatory requirements, increased leadership 

involvement and consistent strategic incorporation of environmental issues into our business 

management. All in which, the efforts proved a systematic recognition that contributes to the 

environmental pillar of sustainability. 

The Green Label backed our first bio compost, by meeting the criteria of the National Environment 

Agency. The accreditation certifies that our products are 100% pure organic which boosted our 

business as government-linked clients only accept products that carry the Green Label. Lastly, our 

Halal certification also meant that our spent grains can be accepted widely and benefit more 

agricultural partners.  




 

Page 7 of 10 

 



 

ecoWise is looking forward to work with more industry partners to embark on new collaborative 

efforts to innovate solutions. Strategic and genuine partnerships that align with ecoWise’s mission will 

be identified to ensure impacts are responsible and measurable to all our stakeholders. Currently, this 

is a segment that ecoWise is actively looking to improve in our research and development department 

to keep up with technological advances and innovation beyond the borders.   

3.2 Social  

The waste management industry is generally regarded with a lower appeal as compared to other 

industries. To attract and retain talents can be a challenging task where non-monetary terms are often 

prioritised by employees. Hence, it is critical for us to place emphasis on employees’ welfare and 

awareness of the company’s impact to sustain one of the most important capital of the business.  

For example, work safety is a top priority in all of ecoWise’s operations. Policies are implemented to 

reinforce and ensure that employees are working in a safe environment. In addition, we provide safety 

induction training for new employees and also the drivers of our contractors and clients to familiarise 

themselves on the safety protocols while working with us.  

Continuous development programme and certificate of competencies are also issued once a year for 

recommended staff based on their experience and tenure. This is to improve their skills on the job and 

allow them to excel and expand into a new scope of work. Housing and education loans are also rolled 

out to support deserving employees who require financial assistance in their personal development.  

Employees are evaluated based on merit and also frequently given the opportunities to perform in 

other organisational functions so as to realise their full potential. This is especially so in the face of a 

dynamic working environment where employees are often encouraged to pick up multiple skill sets. 

As much as this may seem to be a challenging task, these opportunities are rolled out in a progressive 

manner to fulfil the overall human resource and capabilities development. Particularly in the waste 

management industry where a well-trained and readily available workforce is hard to come by, 

ecoWise believes that it is this type of on-the-job training and opportunities that will entice the ‘Gen 

Y’, which forms the bulk of the workforce in today’s society.  



It is integral in our business that we 

deliver the intended outcomes for 

our stakeholders that serve beyond 

the economic value. The benefits of 

the waste recovery go a long way for 

our future environment and value for 

our partners.  


 

Page 8 of 10 

 



For instance, in late 2018, we recognised the high percentage of low-income employees in the Group. 

As part of our corporate social responsibility and to provide a friendly and warm working environment 

for our employees, we opened the first staff canteen at our Malaysia’s plant as an improvement of 

our employees’ welfare by providing free or subsidised meals* to reduce their expenses. By aligning 

their interest with that of the Group, we believe that it will motivate them to give their best to the 

Group, including retaining their employment with the Group. We also believe in giving back to the 

society through sponsorship of charity events like ‘Go For Your Mountains 2018’, where Empower 

Ageing (a non-profit organisation) organised the inaugural event to encourage senior citizens (and 

together with their families and communities) to have an opportunity to explore the heights of Mount 

Faber in Singapore; and at the same time, promoting intergenerational bonding and empowering 

them to pursue their dreams. In 2019, we continued to give back to society, sponsoring tote bags, 

towels, as well as shuttle bus service between designated pickup points and Mount Faber for ‘Go For 

Your Mountains 2019’.  

 

 *Assistant managers and below enjoy fully subsidised meals. The remaining levels only enjoy a 50% meal subsidy.  

 

3.3 Governance  

At ecoWise, the Board is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance within 

the Group. The Board recognises the importance of practising good corporate governance as a 

fundamental part of its responsibilities to protect and enhance shareholder’s value and financial 

performance of the Group. 

Supplier Assessment &amp; Supply Chain Social Responsibility 

As a company with a public brand presence, we are held to the high expectations by our many 

stakeholders for our supply chain stewardship. Against the backdrop of providing environmental 

solutions, we have  been actively engaged in delivering our supply chain social responsibility through 

our procurement strategy. This includes identifying the right partners to contribute in our value chain, 

conduct corporate screening to providing competitive and meaningful value to our client.  

We continue to refine our supply chain initiatives that support our beliefs and meet the expectations 

of our stakeholders. In the years to come, improvement plans will be a deliberate effort as we want 

to grow the footprint of our supply chain.   

Anti-corruption and whistle-blowing policy 

This policy has been developed for the Group, to be committed to the highest possible standards of 

ethical, moral and legal business conduct. That said, ecoWise is committed to open communication so 

as to reassure our stakeholders that all issues will be managed in good faith and responsibly.  

The public and stakeholders can report to the audit committee of the Company for any improper 

conduct at the earliest timing. However, we urge complainants to take the reporting with utmost 

seriousness in evaluating issues, that could have a large impact on the Company or threaten the 

industry practices and competitiveness.  

Diversity in the hiring process 


 

Page 9 of 10 

 



Diversity in our hiring is embedded in our values and an inherent part of our corporate culture. We 

believe it is about creating a workplace culture that helps every employee to contribute to his/her full 

potential. It is more than just policies, initiatives and processes: it is about how we work with each 

other every day. 

Diversity means all the ways in which people differ and embracing the underlying cultural differences. 

We want to help each individual employee feel valued for what he/she brings to the organisation. This 

means providing a work climate that enables everyone to fulfil his/her potential and make a valuable 

contribution. Our commitment has provided us with a diverse workforce and a sustainable business 

that strongly cultivates creativity and innovation. 

The corporate governance practices are also covered in our 2018 Annual Report. Please refer to the 

Corporate Governance section of the Company’s 2018 Annual Report for further information.  

3.4 Economic  

Return of investments and profitability of the business remains a key value that the Group aims to 

achieve. This is not only recognised as gains for shareholders but should also relate to the impact by 

all other stakeholder groups on the total supply chain, in supporting the core interest in waste 

reduction to ultimately achieve a zero-waste environment.  

One of the strategic priorities is diversifying our suppliers to improve our source of waste materials.  

We have doubled our source to date and are still looking for more sources to increase our impact and 

inch ahead closer to achieving a zero-waste environment.  

Cost efficiency policies in our recycled water usage and electricity are constantly reviewed by our 

engineers to lower our overheads and whenever possible, leverage on government incentives to 

adopt new technologies in reducing costs. For our operations in Malaysia, plans are in the pipeline to 

install solar panels by 2020 to reduce our overall power usage by at least 10% per annum. 

 

4. Vision for ecoWise by 2025  

It is a global interest in environmental protection and we constantly welcome new partners to 

participate in the value chain. The zero-waste movement has become an actionable target for many 

nations.  

Leveraging on our footprint, we want to improve on recycling rates, particularly in the biomass and 

tyre recycling-related business and reduce overall carbon footprint in the energy sector for both 

Singapore and the region by two to three times more based on the projections of our biomass and 

tyre recycling-related projects. Supply chain plans to recover recycled materials to replace part of our 

raw materials are also underway to further reduce our carbon footprint in our tyre production by 40% 

to 50%.   

With human capital as one of our key assets, staff training for better awareness and capabilities on 

environmental-related skill sets will be conducted to equip ecoWise with a better pool of talents and 

raise the bar for the entire waste management and clean energy sector.  

Fostering cohesiveness within ecoWise not only create closer ties in the ecoWise family, but also 

bolster staff’s unity, overall qualities and also leverage on our position as a leading waste management 


 

Page 10 of 10 

 



company to spread awareness in the society. ecoWise is looking forward to increasing the social 

awareness and education aspect of waste management, one of the key gaps in fulfilling the whole of 

the government’s ambition of achieving zero-waste nation status. 

Lastly, ecoWise is embarking on food waste valorization through the recovery of food waste locally. 

Upcycling which is to be used as “human food” of pre-consumer food waste such as spent grain and 

okara, whilst fermentation and bio-digestor is recycling to animal feed and compost respectively. All 

these processes are very dependent on local government policies, land resourcing and investments to 

pilot the initiative. ecoWise is looking forward to work with authorities closely to sustain the food 

culture by converting food waste into organic fertilisers and bio-energy, directly reducing carbon 

footprint and promoting a circular economy.  

 

5. Targets for 2019 on Sustainability  

 

After the first year of reporting, we will look forward to refining the analysis of the material ESG. If the 

need arises, new ESG will be identified and substantiation will be provided in forthcoming 

sustainability reports. 

 

 

6. Conclusion 

 

As part of the value chain where our end customers demand responsible behaviour towards natural 

resources, ecoWise will continue to strive in providing a comprehensive Sustainability Report on our 

impact in our partner’s initiatives and businesses. It is in our mission to create a greener world for 

future generations to live in.  

 

