
 

Page 1 of 10 

 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

ECOWISE HOLDINGS LIMITED  

Sustainability Report 2019  

  

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

Page 2 of 10 

 



Contents 

 

 1. Executive Summary  

3 

1.1 About ecoWise Holdings Limited (ecoWise) 

3 

1.2 Report Scope 

3 

1.3 Methodology 

3 

2. 

Board Message 

4 

3. 

Sustainability Evaluation  

4 

4. 

Vision for ecoWise by 2025  

10 

5. 

Targets for 2020 on Sustainability 

10 

6. 

Conclusion  

10 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This sustainability report has been prepared by ecoWise Holdings Limited ("Company") and its 

contents have been reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, ZICO Capital Pte. Ltd. ("Sponsor"), in 

accordance with Rule 226(2)(b) of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) 

Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist.  

 

This sustainability report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes 

no responsibility for the contents of this sustainability report, including the correctness of any of the 

statements or opinions made or reports contained in this sustainability report.  

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms. Alice Ng, Director of Continuing Sponsorship, ZICO Capital 

Pte. Ltd., at 8 Robinson Road, #09-00 ASO Building, Singapore 048544, telephone (65) 6636 4201. 

 

 


 

Page 3 of 10 

 



1. Executive Summary  

  

1.1 About ecoWise Holdings Limited 

Founded in 1979, ecoWise Holdings Limited (“Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the 

“Group” or “ecoWise”) is a leading integrated environment solution company that focuses on three 

(3) core business segments, namely (1) Resource Recovery, (2) Renewable Energy and (3) Integrated 

Environmental Management Solutions. Headquartered in Singapore, the Group has projects and 

operations which span across 3 countries – Singapore, Malaysia, and China. The Group combines its 

innovative expertise and cost-effective management through research and development. To date, the 

Group has managed many notable waste-to-energy and resource up-cycling projects, constantly 

positioning itself prominently in the waste management value chain and contributed to the 

development of sustainable environment solutions for the world.   

The Company is listed on the Catalist Board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(“SGX-ST” or “Singapore Exchange”). For more information on the Group, please visit the Company’s 

website at www.ecowise.com.sg.  

 

1.2 Report Scope 

The Group’s approach towards sustainability is set out in our organisational goals, which are (i) to 

understand our risks and responsibilities in a holistic manner; and (ii) to be a sustainable and profitable 

organisation committed to improving the environment and well-being of the communities that we 

serve. This sustainability report (“Sustainability Report”) outlines our practices in keeping our 

business sustainable amidst the challenging economic climate for the 12-month period from 1 

November 2018 to 31 October 2019 (“FY2019”). This Sustainability Report will be based on material 

Environment, Social and Governance (“ESG”) factors. Key issues that are likely to have impact on the 

Group have been discussed, assessed from both quantitative and qualitative aspects and reviewed 

across the three (3) business segments of the Group.  

 

1.3 Methodology  

This Sustainability Report has been produced in accordance with the International Integrated 

Reporting Council’s Framework (“IR”). We have chosen IR as the sustainability reporting framework 

as it brings greater cohesion and efficiency to the reporting process, and adopting ‘integrated thinking’ 

as a way of breaking down internal silos, reducing duplication and improve the quality and 

transparency of information available so as to ensure proper allocation of available capital. In this 

Sustainability Report, we focus on the identified material issues in determining the sustainability of 

our business. This Sustainability Report is developed jointly by a sustainability steering committee of 

the Group led by the board of directors of ecoWise (“Board” or “Directors”), to address all the 

sustainability material issues concerning the Group.  

This Sustainability Report has not been externally assured. We welcome feedback from our 

stakeholders on this report at sustainability@ecowise.com.sg . 

 

 


 

Page 4 of 10 

 



2. Board Message 

The Board is pleased to present the Group’s Sustainability Report for FY2019. The Sustainability Report 

highlights the effort and progress that was undertaken in FY2019, after taking into account 

sustainability issues as part of its strategic formulation.  

As part of ESG efforts, we have been exploring ways to increase the value of upcycling opportunities 

within the Group so that we can work towards being a true circular economy in our existing trade. We 

are also in the midst of optimising our utilities consumption by turning to sustainable energy sources. 

In addition, our employees’ development, safety and health remains a key priority which is more so 

relevant in particular with the onset of the COVID-19, impacting businesses worldwide. 

With respect to the COVID-19, our management has implemented workplace measures to reduce the 

risk of infection and protect the health of our employees (which includes but is not limited to 

temperature taking for employees and visitors, provision of meals to employees to reduce external 

contact and restriction of any overseas travel, unless absolutely necessary). 

Last, but not least, we have achieved the success today because of the continuous support from 

various stakeholder groups and we would like to take this opportunity to thank our valued 

stakeholders for their continued support and will continue our efforts on this front to further enhance 

the Group’s sustainability effort.  

3. Sustainability Evaluation 

In traditional sense, the idea of adopting sustainable practices has always been seen as additional 

costs for businesses. Fast forward to the 21st century, such a thinking cannot be condoned anymore. 

Our media and social media platforms are now flooded with news feeds showing rising sea levels and 

global warming. The world is indeed at a tipping point where natural calamities are happening ever so 

frequently. For ecoWise, instead of seeing environmental sustainability as a cost, we value the 

opportunities within and view it as a window through which people can be better informed about the 

importance of sustainability commitment and where innovative practices can be developed to reverse 

or slow down the damaging effects of unsustainable practices.   

ecoWise’s evaluation of sustainability material factors are broken down into three (3) major sections, 

environmental, social and corporate governance. We believe that evaluation of these three (3) major 

sections will cover most, if not all possible risks, challenges and opportunities for any of such 

sustainable related policies and practices.  

The major key guiding principles in the identification and addressing of sustainability factors stem from 

our Company’s vision/mission statements and also from the adoption of best practices in 

stakeholder’s engagement and management. 

Vision/Mission Statements – ecoWise prides itself to be a preferred environmental solutions partner 

in the realm of renewable energy and resource recovery. We do this through adopting best practices 

in managing our existing businesses and inculcating an innovative mindset in delivering new 

methodologies to solve problems and fill existing gaps in the sustainability value chain. This serves as 

the bedrock from which the environmental and economic sustainability factors are derived. 

Stakeholders – ecoWise values the involvement of all its stakeholders, including its shareholders, 

management and staffs, customers, suppliers, regulators and community at large. Fair and 


 

Page 5 of 10 

 



transparent engagement policies have been the central guiding principle of all relationship 

management. In such business settings, we have been and will always be creating win-win 

opportunities for all our stakeholders involved in any dealings with us. 

3.1 Environmental  

Since its inception in 1979, ecoWise’s core businesses have been in the area of environmental 

sustainability. Through the years, ecoWise has developed many pioneering sustainability initiatives 

that include developing one of the first biomass power plant in Singapore, managing the first ever 

public-private partnership project involving biomass tri-generation power plant, the first ever 

company in Singapore to be included in United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change’s 

Clean Development Mechanism under the Kyoto Protocol, large scale recycling/upcycling of industry 

food waste from various food manufacturers, horticultural and construction wood waste, as well as 

waste tyres from truck and bus applications. The key mandate in our business is always to address and 

solve the problems associated with the ever-rising carbon footprint owing to unsustainable business 

practices in the various industries. We firmly believe that the sustainable practices which help create 

a circular economy can be applied in multiple industries and also that our involvement across various 

sectors also provides a way to diversify our business profile and become less susceptible to economic 

turbulence. 

One of the key pillars in ecoWise’s sustainability strategy includes the internationalization of our 

businesses. In addition to its operations in Singapore, ecoWise has, since the early 2010s, diversified 

our businesses into various overseas markets, including the People’s Republic of China as well as 

Malaysia. The Group believes that environmental protection and the concept of sustainability should 

not be localised within national boundaries and hence we are always setting out to incorporate and 

internalise technologies all over the world and tap on possible market channels throughout the world. 

We believe that this serves not only for us to diversify and de-risk against geopolitical risks but also 

allow us to build up a strong reputation as a global solution provider of waste management, clean 

energy and recycling opportunities. 

As much as we already possess a myriad range of services and solutions in the area of renewable 

energy and resource recovery, the Group is always in pursuit of novel technologies that can fill existing 

gaps and value add in the sustainability supply chain. For example, an existing business model in 

Singapore includes the usage of waste heat from the biomass co-generation power plant to dry food 

waste from key food manufacturers and repurpose the food waste into animal feed additives. 

However, such a practice, although sound, does not maximise the value trap within the food waste. 

In addition to the key principle behind the vertically integrated (energy and waste-material) model, 

the Group is seeking to develop a treatment methodology that does not just simply dry the food waste 

but to improve overall nutritional value of these food and farm waste. The purpose of doing so is to 

achieve better economics for farm operations through achieving technologically superior feed 

products but at a fraction of the cost (usage of waste product and green energy which are essentially 

lower in cost). In addition, the farm waste can then be used as raw material to generate recycled 

materials usable in the farm again, exemplifying the circular economy concept within. 

The Group is also working on closing the sustainability gap in our tyre re-treading facilities in Malaysia. 

Our existing tyre re-treading business in Malaysia, Seremban adopts a vertically integrated model 

wherein the process of tread liner production is integrated with tyre re-treading process. Although 

such a model allows for effective optimization of resources, there is however a limitation in the current 

recycling process wherein the used tyres can be re-treaded four (4) times at most. This hinders the 


 

Page 6 of 10 

 



achievement of a true circular economy in the tyre recycling process. To close the recycling loop and 

develop a truly zero waste system, we have developed a proprietary process that can recycle the un-

retreadable tyres to recover raw materials and harvest the energy (electricity and heat energy) within. 

In doing so, we are able to produce the recycled carbon black which serves to replace the virgin carbon 

black used to manufacture the rubber tread liner. The incorporation of this novel technology plays a  

very important role in not only reducing the reliance on fossil fuel derived energy, but also provides a 

sustainable method in which carbon-based raw materials are being recycled, effectively reducing the 

carbon footprint of the re-treading process, achieving a true circular economy in the trade. 

The above two examples are clear testaments of ecoWise’s commitment and desire to pursue 

continuous improvement and excellence in the field of environmental sustainability, across not just 

different industries but also various geographical regions, and we believe such opportunities will 

propel ecoWise to become a steward and front runner in its field. 

Aside from new developments, ecoWise is also constantly reviewing its existing processes to ensure 

that they are optimised. One of the key factors in determining the sustainability of a process is its 

electricity and water usage. Since 2019, the engineering team has been tasked to work on the 

optimization of the various process equipment in all of the Group’s areas of operation with the single 

objective of increasing its efficiency and reducing power consumption as well as carbon footprint. In 

addition to our portfolio of biomass cogeneration power plants that provides renewable energy for 

our plant and office operations, as well as externally to Gardens by the Bay, the Group has embarked 

on the installation of a solar power plant in our Malaysian tyre re-treading factory over 2 phases. The 

1st phase will see an installation of 144 kilowatt peak of solar panels while the 2nd phase, which will be 

completed in 2020, will bring the total solar power close to 1 megawatt peak. Water consumption is 

also an area of particular concern in a manufacturing industry like ours. Since 2018, ecoWise has 

appointed a Water Efficiency Manager and we have since then conducted a few rounds of 

comprehensive water efficiency audits. Through some water saving and recycling initiatives, we have 

successfully reduced the water consumption of our Sungei Kadut factory by around 50%. Through the 

above examples, the Group has demonstrated its commitment to continuously review and optimize 

its utilities consumption as well as to tap on green and renewable energy wherever possible. 

The figure below also provides a snapshot on the sustainability results achieved in FY2019. 


 

Page 7 of 10 

 



 

 

 

Since 2014, we have been awarded the EQAIMS business quality awards (ISO 9001 – Quality 

Management System and ISO 14001 – Environmental Management System) and have consistently 

been affirmed by the standards since then. EQAIMS is an independent third-party certification services 

company and accredited by the Singapore Accreditation Council for a number of standards. This 

illustrates our commitment to manage our environmental responsibilities by complying with statutory 

and regulatory requirements, increased leadership involvement and consistent strategic 

incorporation of environmental issues into our business management. All in which, the efforts proved 

a systematic recognition that contributes to the environmental pillar of sustainability. 

The Green Label backed our first bio compost, by meeting the criteria of the National Environment 

Agency. The accreditation certifies that our products are 100% pure organic which boosted our 

business as government-linked clients only accept products that carry the Green Label. Lastly, our 

Halal certification also meant that our spent grains can be accepted widely and benefit more 

agricultural partners.  






 

Page 8 of 10 

 



 

3.2 Social  

As part of an ongoing corporate social responsibility at ecoWise, educational visits are arranged at our 

biomass plant at Gardens by the Bay, which not only promote the concept of environmental 

sustainability but also exemplify a liveable city and how the future can be embraced through 

innovation and collaboration with parties. ecoWise also participates in trade fairs to promote our 

sustainable rubber products such as retread tyres through our subsidiaries in Malaysia and China. We 

also engage with trade associations regularly to keep abreast of any updates in policies, regulations 

and matters that would be of concern to us.  

The waste management industry is generally regarded with a lower appeal as compared to other 

industries. To attract and retain talents can be a challenging task where non-monetary terms are often 

prioritised by employees. Hence, it is critical for us to place emphasis on employees’ welfare and 

awareness of the Company’s impact to sustain one of the most important capital of the business. As 

such, we emphasise on continuous learning and provide progressive opportunity for skills upgrading 

and learning through cross training within the organisation and external courses, to ensure that our 

employees’ skills remain relevant and up-to-date. This is especially critical and relevant for our lower 

level staff, who remain the key-backbone of our organisation and their competencies within their work 

scope has an impact on the organisation’s productivity. Study loans are also available for selected 

employees who wish to pursue further knowledge in certain fields.    

As a key building block of society, the workplace is also an environment where values are shaped, as 

such meritocracy is something which is practiced within our organisation, employees are regularly 

evaluated and provided opportunities to perform in other organisational functions. Instead of just 

providing them a job, we provide them the environment for them to realise their full potential and 

allow those who are able to excel to go beyond their comfort zone.  

In the early days of the COVID-19, employees were updated of the situation to enhance their 

understanding, self-awareness and responsibility towards this virus. A series of policies were 

implemented by the management when COVID-19 became more serious such as regular temperature 

taking, reducing unnecessary overseas travel, providing antiseptic handwash, face mask and packed 

lunches to protect our employees’ health.  

We also continued to give back to the society through sponsorship of charity events like ‘Go For Your 

Mountains 2019’, where Empower Ageing (a non-profit organisation) organised the inaugural event 

to encourage senior citizens (and together with their families and communities) to have an 

opportunity to explore the heights of Mount Faber in Singapore, and at the same time, promoting 

intergenerational bonding and empowering them to pursue their dreams.  

 

Last but not least, we believe that stakeholders’ engagement (aside from the annual general meeting 

held) is essential and will allow them to reach out to us through our various media platforms and also 

encourage their participation in shaping some part of our future. 

 

3.3 Governance  

At ecoWise, the Board is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance within 

the Group. The Board recognises the importance of practising good corporate governance as a 


 

Page 9 of 10 

 



fundamental part of its responsibilities to protect and enhance shareholder’s value and financial 

performance of the Group. 

Supplier Assessment &amp; Supply Chain Social Responsibility 

As a company with a public brand presence, we are held to the high expectations by our stakeholders 

for our supply chain stewardship. Against the backdrop of providing environmental solutions, we have 

been actively engaged in delivering our supply chain social responsibility through our procurement 

strategy. This includes identifying the right partners to contribute in our value chain, conduct 

corporate screening to providing competitive and meaningful value to our client.  

We continue to refine our supply chain initiatives that support our beliefs and meet the expectations 

of our stakeholders. In the years to come, improvement plans will be a deliberate effort as we want 

to grow the footprint of our supply chain.   

Anti-corruption and whistle-blowing policy 

This policy has been developed for the Group, to be committed to the highest possible standards of 

ethical, moral and legal business conduct. That said, ecoWise is committed to open communication so 

as to reassure all issues will be managed in good faith and responsibly.  

Public and stakeholders can report to the audit committee of the Company for any improper conduct 

at the earliest timing. However, we urge complainants to take the reporting with utmost seriousness 

in evaluating the issue, that could have a large impact on the Group or if it threatens the industry 

practices and competitiveness.  

Diversity in the hiring process 

Diversity in our hiring is embedded in our values and an inherent part of our corporate culture. We 

believe it is about creating a workplace culture that helps every employee to contribute to his/her full 

potential. It is more than just policies, initiatives and processes: it is about how we work with each 

other every day. 

Diversity means all the ways in which people differ and embracing the underlying cultural differences. 

We want to help each individual employee feel valued for what he/she brings to the organisation. This 

means providing a work climate that enables everyone to fulfil his/her potential and make a valuable 

contribution. Our commitment has provided us with a diverse workforce and a sustainable business 

that strongly cultivates creativity and innovation. 

The corporate governance practices are also covered in our 2018 Annual Report. Please refer to the 

Corporate Governance section of the Company’s 2018 Annual Report for further information. The 

Company will be releasing its 2019 Annual Report in due course, with an update in the corporate 

governance practices (under the Corporate Governance section). 

 

 

 


 

Page 10 of 10 

 



 

 

4. Vision for ecoWise by 2025  

It is a global interest in environmental protection and we constantly welcome new partners to 

participate in the value chain. The zero-waste movement has become an actionable target for many 

nations.  

Leveraging on our footprint, we want to improve on recycling rates, particularly in the biomass and 

tyre recycling-related business and reduce overall carbon footprint in the energy sector for both 

Singapore and the region by two to three times more based on the projections of our biomass and 

tyre recycling-related projects. Supply chain plans to recover recycled materials to replace part of our 

raw materials are also underway to further reduce our carbon footprint in our tyre production by 40% 

to 50%.   

With human capital as one of our key assets, staff training for better awareness and capabilities on 

environmental-related skill sets will be conducted to equip ecoWise with a better pool of talents and 

raise the bar for the entire waste management and clean energy sector.  

Fostering cohesiveness within ecoWise not only create closer ties in the ecoWise family, but also 

bolster staff’s unity, overall qualities and also leverage on our position as a leading waste management 

company to spread awareness in the society. ecoWise is looking forward to increasing the social 

awareness and education aspect of waste management, one of the key gaps in fulfilling the whole of 

the government’s ambition of achieving zero-waste nation status. 

Lastly, ecoWise is embarking on food waste valorization through the recovery of food waste locally. 

Upcycling which is to be used as “human food” of pre-consumer food waste such as spent grain and 

okara, whilst fermentation and bio-digester is recycling to animal feed and compost respectively. All 

these of which are very dependent on local government policies, land resourcing and investments to 

pilot the initiative. ecoWise is looking forward to work with authorities closely to sustain the food 

culture by converting food waste into organic fertilisers and bio-energy, directly reducing carbon 

footprint and promoting a circular economy.  

 

5. Targets for 2020 on Sustainability  

 

We will continue to refine the analysis of the material ESG as and when there are new developments 

which warrant a review. If the need arises, new ESG will be identified and substantiation will be 

provided in forthcoming sustainability reports. 

 

6. Conclusion 

 

As part of the value chain where our end customers’ demands responsible behaviour of the natural 

resources, ecoWise will continue to strive in providing a comprehensive Sustainability Report on our 

impact in our partner’s initiatives and businesses. It is in our mission to create a greener world for 

future generations to live in.  

