
 

 

 

 

 




 

 ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED  

 

Page 2 of 26 

 



 

CONTENTS 

 

Board Statement ..................................................................................................................................... 3 

About the Report ..................................................................................................................................... 4 

Our Commitment during COVID-19......................................................................................................... 5 

Sustainability Governance ....................................................................................................................... 7 

Stakeholder Engagement ........................................................................................................................ 8 

Materiality assessment.......................................................................................................................... 10 

Economic Performance ......................................................................................................................... 12 

Environmental Performance ................................................................................................................. 13 

Social Performance ................................................................................................................................ 15 

Customers ............................................................................................................................................. 22 

GRI Content Index ................................................................................................................................. 24 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED  

 

Page 3 of 26 

 



BOARD STATEMENT 

 

 

 

The Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") is pleased to present our “Sustainability Report” 

which is our continued commitment to share our sustainability journey with all our stakeholders in a 

transparent manner. In this report, we have shared highlights on how we have progressed and our 

focus going forward.  

Our organisation provides a wide spectrum of services which includes trading, recycling, refining of e-

waste/metals, piling, construction, rental and servicing of machinery, property investments and 

property management, and conversion of waste plastics to fuel oil. We continue to demonstrate our 

commitment to restoring the environment through incorporating Environmental, Social and 

Governance (“ESG”) related aspects in our business strategy and operations. 

The Board is responsible for the oversight of the management of Enviro-Hub’s sustainability 

performance and is supported by a sustainability committee established to implement sustainability 

initiatives. The involvement of the Board in identifying material ESG topics is necessary to ensure that 

sustainability is embedded in our policies and procedures and is in line with our business strategy. The 

Board is also involved in the formulation and approval of the targets for each material ESG topic. 

We have embraced the concept of Circular Economy by providing environmental management 

solutions and services. We view our involvement in supporting the circular economy principles as an 

opportunity to grow our business while contributing to the development of a sustainable and resource-

efficient society.  

The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted companies and industries across the globe. At Enviro-Hub, we 

were prompt in implementing our business continuity plan and the COVID-19 related measures as 

required by the government to protect the safety and health of our workforce and our communities. 

We continue to monitor changes to the guidelines to ensure the continued safety of our staff and our 

stakeholders. During this time, Enviro-Hub continued to raise environmental awareness through our e-

waste recycling programmes and contributed to low income families through our community 

development programs. 

Our fourth annual Sustainability Report showcases our continuing efforts towards providing solutions 

to address global sustainable development objective. The Board is grateful towards all the stakeholders 

for contributing to our journey of transformation towards sustainability. 

Enviro-Hub Holdings Limited Board of Directors 


 

 ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED  

 

Page 4 of 26 

 



ABOUT THE REPORT 

 

Report Scope and Boundary 

This Sustainability Report is in its fourth edition, covering the Company’s sustainability performance for 

the period of 1st January 2020 to 31st December 2020 (“2020”). The scope of the report is limited to 

the performance and data of Cimelia Resource Recovery Pte Limited (“Cimelia”), Enviro-Metals Pte 

Limited (“Enviro-Metals”) and HLS Environmental Pte Limited formally known as HLS Electronics Pte 

Limited (“HLS”), which are Enviro-Hub’s Singapore-based business operations in the recycling, refining 

of metals and trading of e-waste and metals. The inclusion of other business lines in the sustainability 

report will be assessed and considered in the future.  

Reporting Standards and Compliance Requirements 

The report has been prepared in alignment with the GRI Standards "In Accordance-Core" option. The 

GRI Standards were selected as it is an internationally recognised reporting framework that covers a 

comprehensive range of sustainability disclosures suited to Enviro-Hub’s industry and business model. 

This report is also aligned with the reporting requirements of Singapore Exchange (“SGX”) Listing Rules 

711A and 711B – Sustainability Reporting Guide.  

Data Management  

The data presented in the report relates to the operations mentioned in the reporting boundary. The 

financial data presented covers the whole Enviro-Hub Group. We publish our sustainability reports on 

an annual basis. All our sustainability reports, including the previous sustainability report published in 

May 2020, are available on our Company’s website1. There are no restatements of data presented from 

the previous years’ report. 

Feedback 

We value and welcome all feedback from all stakeholders as they are integral to the continuous 

improvements of our sustainability practices and reporting. Please send all comments and suggestions 

to info@enviro-hub.com. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1 http://www.enviro-hub.com/ir.html 


 

 ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED  

 

Page 5 of 26 

 



OUR COMMITMENT DURING COVID-19 

 

As we navigate the different stages of the coronavirus pandemic and the consequent economic and 

social impacts across different geographies, our priority is always safeguarding and supporting our 

people - employees, as well as those in our communities. We will continue to review and adapt to the 

COVID-19 related measures, as well as new working protocols implemented in line with advisories from 

government.  

The Board is kept informed on the Group’s performance at least quarterly, along with any potential 

impacts from COVID-19 on business operations. Management also updates the Board on timely actions 

undertaken to mitigate the negative impacts caused by COVID-19.  

Business continuity during COVID-19 

The COVID-19 situation is ever-evolving and has forced our business to react quickly and decisively to 

ensure our workforce remains safe, the continuity of our business is not impacted and the movement 

of goods and people to and from our plant boundaries do not adversely impact the communities where 

we operate. Our resilience and Business Continuity Plan (“BCP”) have manifested our ability to serve 

our clients and empowered our employees to quickly adjust to remote working arrangements.  

The implementation of the lockdown and subsequent social distancing requirements affected the 

operational efficiency of both our customers and suppliers. COVID-19 procedures at supplier and 

customer sites made logistics more challenging and increased costs, as it took a longer time to enter 

the supplier or customer operation sites along with inefficiencies during loading and unloading. This 

was due to a reduction in manpower at the sites, which then constrained the ability of our logistic team 

to visit multi-sites in same day. The delays also caused our vehicles to be queued at our customers’ 

sites, and additional external vehicles had to be used which also increased costs.  

At the operation sites, processing times increased due to labour constraints and additional measures 

to comply with social distancing requirements. The regular collections and scrap volume from our 

customers were also affected as many customers had to shut down their offices or work with reduced 

teams. Cimelia’s suppliers such as chemical disposal vendors and consumable suppliers have all had to 

scale down their operations, further impacting productivity of the Group’s refinery plants. 

The Group’s overseas collections were also affected due to various government restrictions and closure 

of ports. In cases where ports were operational, there were issues in booking of containers which 

resulted in requesting customers to delay collection till empty containers were available, requiring 

cooperation to store scrap materials in customer’s warehouses. 

During this time, we continually informed our customers in a timely manner, and they in return 

extended their support to Enviro-Hub during these challenging times. The Group’s recycling businesses 

have also accommodated customer requests to assist them during these difficult times by waiving the 

increased transportation charges for collections. By working closely with our customers, Enviro-Hub is 

confident we will emerge stronger from this pandemic.  


 

 ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED  

 

Page 6 of 26 

 



Prioritising stakeholder well-being and safety 

We are fully committed to the safety of our employees. Our strategy has been to practice physical 

distancing, rely on early diagnosis of our workforce, and to prevent an outbreak by practicing remote 

working and sharing of knowledge and best practices across our business entities to ensure safe 

workplaces.  

We established, documented, implemented, maintained and continually improved a Safe Management 

Measure System in accordance with Ministry of Manpower requirements for safe management 

measures at the workplace after Circuit Breaker (“CB”) period.  

Following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented mandatory health and safety 

protocols issued by various government agencies. These protocols were regularly updated with the 

latest relevant public health advisories and restrictions and communicated to all employees. Safety and 

precautionary measures included telecommuting where possible, the appointment of Safe 

Management Officers at workplaces, the wearing of masks at work, temperature screening for 

employees and visitors, team segregation and staggered working hours, safe distancing measures and 

installation of physical barriers and partitions to allow for physical distancing at workplaces.  

At the Group level, hand sanitizers, disinfectants and masks were provided to all employees, and 

wearing of appropriate PPE was mandatory to ensure safety. Staff members were 

provided transportation facilities in smaller group arrangements from work and back home on the daily 

basis, to mitigate the risk and exposure from public transport during the Covid period and ensure safe 

distancing. 

A mask donation drive was also organised by HLS, wherein 25,000 masks were donated to low income 

families through Boon Lay CC.  

For more information on impacts related to COVID-19 please refer Annual report 20202 

 

 

 

2 http://www.enviro-hub.com/misc/ar2020.pdf 


 

 ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED  

 

Page 7 of 26 

 



SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE 

 

We endeavour to maintain the highest ethical standards of compliance, transparency and business trust 

with our stakeholders while aligning with our values. The robust governance structure, sound policies 

and monitoring system ensures that this stakeholder confidence is intact. Our sustainability governance 

model provides a foundation to integrate our sustainability priorities with the corporate agenda.  

The Board reviews sustainability issues as part of Enviro-Hub’s strategic formulation and approves the 

ESG factors material to the business. 

The Sustainability Steering Committee (SSC), led by our Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) and involves 

other senior management, develop sustainability objectives, strategies and oversee overall 

sustainability performance before reporting it to the Board.  

To ensure that sustainability efforts are implemented effectively into our strategic direction and 

business operations, our sustainability efforts are driven by the Sustainability Task Force (“STF”), led by 

our CFO, which was established and integrated as part of the company’s corporate governance. 

Representatives of the operations and finance divisions are represented in the STF to manage and 

monitor’s Enviro-Hub’s sustainability progress and performance. 

The STF’s primary responsibilities include: 

1. reviewing and reporting to the Board on the sustainability approach, standards, priorities and 

goals, and overseeing Group-level strategies, policies and practices on sustainability matters to 

attain those standards and goals; 

2. overseeing, reviewing and evaluating sustainability performance against the prioritised 

material topics; 

3. reviewing and advising the Board on Enviro-Hub’s public reporting on the organisation’s 

performance on sustainability matters; and 

4. presenting the sustainability report for the Board’s approval. 

 

 

 




 

 ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED  

 

Page 8 of 26 

 



STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

We believe in open and transparent dialogues with our stakeholders and this has been the greatest 

source of inputs for our development activities. Fostering an inclusive approach towards all our 

stakeholders by identifying and actively engaging with them, we focus on understanding their needs, 

interests and expectations. This has enabled us to create value for both Enviro-Hub and our 

stakeholders. We have identified both our internal and external stakeholders. By actively engaging our 

stakeholders, we continue to align our priorities with their needs. The table below summarises our 

stakeholder engagement methods, frequency and key topics of interest: 

 

Key 

Stakeholders 

Engagement Methods 

Frequency 

Key Topics of Interest 

Investors and 

Shareholders 

 

 

Updates on financial results, 

announcements, business 

developments, press releases 

and other relevant disclosures 

via SGXNet and Enviro-Hub’s 

website 

Throughout the 

year 

• Transparent reporting 

• Sound corporate 

governance practices 

• Business strategy and 

outlook 

Roadshows and investor 

conferences  

Throughout the 

year  

One-on-one meetings and site 

visits  

Throughout the 

year 

Annual General Meeting  

Annually 

Employees 

 

 

Induction programme for new 

employees 

Throughout the 

year 

• Equitable remuneration 

• Fair and competitive 

employment practices 

and policies 

• Safe and healthy work 

environment 

• Employee development 

and well-being  

Training and development 

programmes 

Throughout the 

year 

Career development 

performance appraisals 

Annually 

Recreational and wellness 

activities 

Throughout the 

year 

E-mails, meetings and town-

halls sessions 

Throughout the 

year 


 

 ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED  

 

Page 9 of 26 

 



Customers 

 

Feedback from customers  

Throughout the 

year 

• Comments and 

potential room for 

improvement in 

delivering goods and 

services 

Independent audit from our 

customers 

Annually/ 

Biannual 

• IP protection and data 

security  

Government 

and Regulators 

 

Meetings and dialogue 

sessions 

 

 

 

 

 

Throughout the 

year 

• Compliance with and 

updates on changing 

laws and regulations 

 

 


 

 ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED  

 

Page 10 of 26 

 



MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

A detailed materiality assessment exercise was conducted to identify ESG risks and opportunities that 

are most important to our business and stakeholders. The identification of material topics involved 

conducting research on global and local trends in our industry, peer benchmarking, as well as industry 

best practices. Results of this assessment exercise were reviewed by our senior management from the 

point of view of relevance and adequacy. Based on the review, the materiality topics were finalised.  

We will continue to assess these material topics on a regular basis to ensure their relevance and 

importance to our business. The table below depicts each corresponding topic with the specific GRI 

standards. 

Category 

Material Topic 

GRI Standard 

GRI Disclosures 

Economic 

 

 

Economic Performance 

 

 

GRI 201: Economic 

Performance 

Disclosure 201-1:  

Direct economic value 

generated and distributed 

Environment 

Environmental 

Compliance (including 

regarding Emissions, 

Effluents and Sludge, 

Auditing by our 

customers) 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 

Disclosure 307-1: 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

Social 

 

Occupational Health and 

Safety 

GRI 403: 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

Disclosure 403-9: 

Work-related injuries 

Talent Attraction and 

Retention 

GRI 401: 

Employment 

Disclosure 401-1: 

New employee hires and 

employee turnover 

Training and Education 

GRI 404: Training and 

Education 

Disclosure 404-1: 

Average hours of training per 

year per employee 


 

 ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED  

 

Page 11 of 26 

 



Local Communities 

GRI 413: Local 

Communities 

Disclosure 413-1: 

Operations with local 

community engagement, 

impact assessments, and 

development programs 

Customers 

 

Protection of Sensitive 

Information 

 

GRI 418: Customer 

Privacy 

Disclosure 418-1: 

Substantiated complaints 

concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses of 

customer data 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED  

 

Page 12 of 26 

 



ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

Enviro-Hub recognises the financial interconnectivity that our economic performance has with all our 

stakeholders. We seek to deliver sustainable returns to all stakeholders by driving constant economic 

growth and aiming to operate in a responsible manner. 

 

Please refer to the financial statements in the Annual Report3 for more information regarding Enviro-

Hub’s economic performance. 

 

 

 

3 http://www.enviro-hub.com/misc/ar2020.pdf 




 

 ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED  

 

Page 13 of 26 

 



ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE 

 

Performance against 2020 targets 

 

Achieved 

 

 

Achieved 

 

Zero incidents of non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

 

Complied with the required Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF) – 

National Company Emergency Response Team (CERT) standard 

Targets for 2021 

 

Maintain zero incidents of non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations 

 

Improper disposal of e-waste leads to environmental pollution and may in turn harm human health. 

Recognising the potential environmental hazards and consequences associated with improper disposal 

of e-waste, we have focused our sustainability efforts on the development of our waste disposal 

facilities to recycle e-waste properly. Recycled materials can be used to make new products, and this 

reduces the need to mine limited raw materials from the earth.  

At Enviro-Hub, we ensure our due diligence by complying to the relevant environmental laws and 

regulations such as the Environmental Protection and Management Act and Regulations, the Hazardous 

Waste Act, the Prevention of Pollution of the Sea Act and the Fire Safety Act. As an e-waste recycler, 

Cimelia and HLS will support the extended producer responsibility law, that is due to take effect by 

2021. It ensures that producers of electrical and electronic equipment in Singapore have their products 

are collected, recycled or disposed of responsibly when they reach the end of their lifespan. In line with 

this we will submit reports to NEA on waste collected through Waste and Resource Management 

System. 

Furthermore, Enviro-Hub has also developed various internal policies such as the Cimelia Quality, 

Environmental, Health and Safety (QEHS) Policy, endorsed by senior management to ensure that we 

adhere to the relevant environmental laws and regulations. We constantly keep abreast of the latest 

changes in environmental laws and regulations to understand how we can do our part to protect the 

environment.  

To improve our environmental management and ensure that we are compliant with the various 

environmental standards, we have implemented internationally recognised standards such as ISO 

14001 (Environmental Management Systems), ISO 9001 (Quality Management Systems) and OHSAS 

45001:2018 (Occupational Health and Safety). We are also certified under R2:2013 which is responsible 

recycling standard for effective recycling of electronic waste. 

Similarly, we require our outsourced vendors and suppliers to have the same environmental value as 

us. They are required to undergo a rigorous assessment and evaluation process to ensure that they 

demonstrate compliance with all applicable environmental laws and regulations. All incidents of non-


 

 ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED  

 

Page 14 of 26 

 



compliance will be investigated so that corrective actions can be taken. In 2020, there were zero 

incidents of non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations reported. 

The National Environment Agency (NEA) works closely with its partners and the community to develop 

and organize environmental and public health initiatives and programmes. This includes providing 

funding through grants that support their cause, such as the Productivity Solutions Grants (PSG). PSG 

in particular, is part of NEA’s Environmental Services (ES) Industry Transformation Map (ITM) bid to 

encourage technological adoption to improve the operational efficiency of the ES industry. The grant 

covers up to 80% of the qualifying cost, with a cap of $350,000 per company valid till 30 September 

2021. With the availability of the grant, HLS applied for the PSG to subsidise their purchase of 3 electric 

forklifts. HLS managed to get the maximum level support of 80% subsidy and had a grant amount of 

$90,960.00 approved. The electric forklifts are battery operated, which leads to promoting a cleaner 

environment with less smoke, dust generation and reduction in noise pollution. Apart, from these direct 

environmental benefits reaped, indirect benefits also include good branding for HLS, which is useful in 

achieving ISO standards.   

NEA honoured the exceptional contributions and commitment of the Environmental Services workforce 

by awarding 27 recipients with the ES Star Awards and 350 workers with congratulatory certificates as 

part of the annual ES Workforce Day. The ES Star Awards recognises the top employees in the ES 

industry across the three sectors – cleaning, waste management, and pest management services. Based 

on performance and contribution to clean and green Singapore Cimelia plant manager was awarded 

Environmental Services (ES) Star Awards 2020. Congratulatory certificates were presented to 3 other 

employees from Cimelia in recognition of their outstanding contribution and commitment. 

 

 


 

 ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED  

 

Page 15 of 26 

 



 

SOCIAL PERFORMANCE 

Occupational Health and Safety 

Performance against 2020 targets 

 

Achieved 

 

Not Achieved4 

 

Attain ISO 45001:2018 certification (HLS) 

 

Increase Occupational Health and Safety (“OHS”) training 

hours 

Targets for 2021 

 

Increase OHS training hours 

 

Achieve zero regulatory fines and penalties in line with COVID-19 advisories from 

government authorities. 

 

At Enviro-Hub, protecting the health and safety of our employees are of utmost importance. We believe 

that inculcating a strong safety culture in the workplace will protect the company’s most valuable asset 

– our people. We provide our people with a safe working environment by adhering to local safety laws 

and regulations, which includes the Workplace Safety and Health (WHS) Policy, the Employment of 

Foreign Workers Act, the Environmental Protection and Management Act and Regulation, the Work 

Injury Compensation Act, the Environmental Public Health Act and the Fire Safety Act.  

A health and safety committee has been established to ensure that health and safety policies are fully 

implemented. Several processes have been set in place to ensure the strong implementation of these 

policies. Some of the processes are as follows: 

 

Reporting monthly Fire Safety Inspection results to management. 

 

Reviewing operations risk assessment, taking steps to eliminate or reduce potential risks. 

 

Maintaining related certifications e.g. bizSAFE certification, OHSAS 45001:2018. In 2020, HLS 

has obtained the bizSAFE Star certification certified by the Workplace Safety and Health 

Council. The Level 3 certification requires the Company to implement a risk management plan 

in the workplace to address all risks. 

 

Investigating and executing corrective actions upon any reported incidents. 

 

Forming a Trained Company Emergency Response Team (CERT) to response in emergency 

situations.  

 

Ensuring accurate calibration of monitoring equipment.  

 

Conducting biannual internal audits for any non-conformance to system procedures.  

 

4 Owing to COVID-19 social distancing measures, the capacity of people was restricted in training rooms which resulted in 

decrease in number of OHS training hours. 


 

 ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED  

 

Page 16 of 26 

 



 

Requiring the presence of a safety manager who conducts bi-annual spot checks and timely 

investigation and execution of preventive and corrective actions based on incidents reported 

by employees and visitors. 

 

Holding monthly site meetings with project consultants to discuss health and safety (injuries), 

environmental (e.g. mosquito breeding, noise) and any other ad-hoc matters. 

In 2020, we continue implementing our Occupational Health and Safety Improvement Plan which 

includes various initiatives to improve the management of occupational health and safety, such as: 

• 

We established, documented, implemented, maintained and continually improved a Safe 

Management Measure System (SMMs) in accordance with MOM’s requirements for safe 

management measures at the workplace after CB period. 

• 

Carrying out environment, health and safety (EHS) and fire safety inspections and taking 

corrective action(s) for violations of EHS rules and regulations. 

• 

Providing employees with health and safety training and information on the potential health 

risks and safety hazards in the work environment and the proper precautions to undertake.  

• 

Conducting inspection at planned intervals with project consultants to discuss in house safety 

rules, and safe work practices. 

• 

Conducting meetings to raise and discuss any health and safety and environmental concerns. 

Recognising that communicating Workplace Health &amp; Safety (WHS) rules and guidance to our 

employees are crucial and essential in managing WHS risks, we provide our employees with regular 

occupational health and safety training.  

 

In 2020, our employees received a total of 362 training hours on occupational health and safety, a 

19.7% decrease from the previous year. This was mainly due to reduced capacity of people in training 

451

362

0

50

100

150

200

250

300

350

400

450

500

2019

2020

OHS Training Hours

Occupational health and Safety 

Training hours


 

 ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED  

 

Page 17 of 26 

 



rooms owing to COVID-19 restrictions. We are committed towards health and safety of our workforce 

and will work towards conducting awareness sessions and trainings aimed at increasing safety. 

Workplace accidents are closely monitored and recorded by the operational and human resources 

department. We are pleased to report that there have been no fatalities or accidents resulting in 

permanent injuries involving our employees in Singapore. In 2020, Accident Frequency Rate5 was 8.74 

(per million manhours worked) and Accident Severity Rate6 was 288.46 (per million manhours worked). 

There was two workplace accident reported were amongst the contractual employees working in 

Cimelia and Enviro Metals. This accident in Cimelia occurred while the employee was working in 

mechanical crushing plant and his ring finger was injured while moving stationary objects and the other 

in Enviro-Metals while turning the stand fan for repair job by accidently injuring the left thumb. Due to 

these accidents, the employees lost 61 workdays from Cimelia and 5 workdays from Enviro-Metals. The 

medical bills for the employee were fully covered under the Company’s project insurance. Following 

this incident, all employees were briefed on the incidents during the safety meetings. 

The Group will continue to implement and enforce the government safe management measures and 

requirements and have set an additional target for next year to achieve zero regulatory fines and 

penalties in line with COVID-19 advisories from government authorities. 

Talent Attraction and Retention 

Performance against 2020 targets 

 

Achieved 

 

 

Maintain an employee turnover rate within the industry 

average  

Targets for 2021 

 

Maintain an employee turnover rate within the industry average 

Our employees contribute an important part towards the company’s long-term success, and we 

endeavour to dedicate our efforts to develop their careers and provide a nurturing work environment 

to maintain a motivated workforce.  

Enviro-Hub has policies and procedures that encompass our values of inclusivity while achieving 

productivity. These include fair recruitment, training and career development opportunities and 

employee recognition and awards. Our human resources policy also incorporates various guiding 

principles and offer competitive working hours, leave and other employment benefits, remuneration, 

bonuses (and conflict of interests). As part of our efforts to maintain and improve communication, we 

are also proud to announce that all our employees receive performance evaluation reviews annually.  

In this year of unforeseen circumstances of the pandemic, Enviro Hub’s launched BCP for COVID-19. 

Enviro Group’s BCP are designed plans to quickly recover business operations after a significant 

 

5 Accident Frequency Rate (as per Ministry of Manpower of Singapore) = Number of injuries /Number of man-hours worked 

*1,000,000. A lost-time injury is a workplace injury that results in at least 1 day of medical leave 

6 Accident Severity Rate (as per Ministry of Manpower of Singapore) = Number of lost days/Number of man-hours worked 

*1,000,000. A lost day is a day of medical leave as a result of a lost-time injury. 


 

 ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED  

 

Page 18 of 26 

 



business disruption and respond by safeguarding our employees and property, while making a financial 

and operational assessment, and allowing our customers to transact business. Work from home 

arrangements during the CB period and alternate teams were deployed at different work locations to 

mitigate the challenges caused for the smooth functioning of business operations. 

As of 31 December 2020, Enviro-Hub has 80 employees, all of them based in Singapore. The average 

monthly new hire rate for the year was 2.5%7 which is on par with the industry average of 2.5% while 

the average monthly turnover rate was 2.1%, which is below the industry average of 2.2%8.The 

decrease in employee turnover in 2020 can be attributed to new policies implemented within the 

organisation like flexible working hours which include alternate team arrangement due to COVID-19, 

change in working hours to non-peak commuting hours, allowing remote working from overseas during 

difficult times and improved IT facilities enabling employees to work virtually.  

 

 

 

 

 

7 Average monthly recruitment rate in 2020: 1.7% (Production &amp; Transport Operators, Cleaners &amp; Labourers). Source: Ministry 

of Manpower 

8 Average monthly resignation rate in 2020: 2% (Production &amp; Transport Operators, Cleaners &amp; Labourers). Source: Ministry of 

Manpower 

69%

31%

Total Employees By Gender 

Male

Female

71%

29%

New Hires by Gender

Male

Female



42%

17%

42%

New Hires by Age

&lt; 30 years old

30 - 50 years old

&gt; 50 years old


 

 ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED  

 

Page 19 of 26 

 



 

  

We do not discriminate against age during our recruitment processes and aim to continue applying fair 

employment practices. If the need arises, we also offer our employees unpaid leave of up to two 

months, giving them time to attend personal matters. 

Training and Education 

Performance against 2020 targets 

 

Achieved 

 

 

Achieved 

 

 

Roll-out incentive initiatives to encourage self-learning 

amongst employees for career development  

 

Provide relevant internal and external training opportunities 

to improve workers’ skills and knowledge 

Targets for 2021 

 

Roll-out incentive initiatives to encourage self-learning amongst employees for career 

development  

 

Provide relevant internal and external training opportunities to improve workers’ skills and 

knowledge 

We strive to meet the industry needs and standards by equipping our employees with relevant skills to 

remain abreast with the changing market. This is majorly done by providing trainings to the employees 

throughout the year. Trainings include WSQ Operate Forklift Course, Forklift Refresher Course, Risk 

Management Implementation and First Aid Course Training. In order to improve certain technical skills 

like Android Basics Nanodegree and Introduction to Programming Nanodegree, we conduct IT related 

courses for our employees. Another pivotal training that we provide is the Human Resources related 

training to enhance the management of the human capital. These trainings are about engaging newly 

hired Professional Management and Executives (PMEs) in a Subject Matter Expert (SME) and building 

Human Capital in SME.   

We endeavour to constantly upgrade our training programmes by developing enhanced trainings for 

our employees in the fields of IT, Digital and System Applications and Products in Data Processing (SAP). 

80%

20%

Employee Turnover by Gender

Male

Female

30%

40%

30%

Employee Turnover by Age

&lt; 30 years old

30 - 50 years old

&gt; 50 years old


 

 ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED  

 

Page 20 of 26 

 



Also, in order to encourage career improvement and initiate communications, both formal and informal 

learning programmes are developed for the employees. 

The progress of our employees is evaluated to provide them with the required support and ensure 

proper checks and balances. The competence of the trainees is gauged by relevant parties through the 

Training &amp; Evaluation Form or competency assessment checklist. Additional trainings with required 

attention are provided to the employees who do not match the required expectations. As of 31st 

December 2020, 80 employees at Enviro-Hub received an average of 4 hours of training. Also, we 

prioritise and offer various career advancement opportunities to internal employees before hiring 

externally to give our existing employees chances to grow. 

Local Communities 

Performance against 2020 targets 

• 

Achieved 

 

• 

Achieved 

 

• 

Achieved 

 

Collect 8 tonnes of e-waste through Singtel x SingPost 

Recycle Programme 

 

Collect 3 tonnes of e-waste for Clean Up South West 

Community Development Council (SWCDC) 

 

Collect 120 tonnes of e-waste from Schneider Electric 

Targets for 2021 

 

Collect a total of 3,000 tonnes of e-waste by HLS and Cimelia for reporting year 2021   

Striving to build a circular and sustainable economy, we engage and work with local communities to 

improve waste management. Internally, our employees are constantly involved in CSR activities held 

throughout the year. This helps us to walk together with our community towards being a zero-waste 

society, adding value to lives around us.  

We build close relationships with local communities by supporting and partnering with them. 

Partnerships include local schools for awareness programmes, town councils and businesses for e-

waste take back and recycling programmes etc. Our efforts to increase awareness about environmental 

protection also includes encouraging the local community members to reuse waste items, recycle 

electronic waste and providing information on the environmental impacts resulting from the improper 

disposal of electronic waste.  

SINGTEL X SINGPOST E-waste recycling programme 

Cimelia undertook the initiative to organise an E-Waste recycling programme which enabled the 

people to have a proper channel to dispose their electronic waste. This encouraged people to dispose 

of their redundant mobile or internet related devices at Recycle Bins or by mailing it through the post 

box. This initiative helped in the collection 17,784 kg of e-waste. 

 


 

 ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED  

 

Page 21 of 26 

 



Cleaning events with SOUTH WEST COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT COUNCIL (SWCDC) 

Cimelia’s employees participated in a series of events in collaboration with the South West 

Community Development Council (SWCDC). These events include Clean Up South West ECO Day Out 

and Recycle-Our-E-Waste, where a total of 2,040 kg of e-waste were collected from residents and 

2,524 kg from corporates of the South West District in exchange for groceries or vouchers. This 

recycling drive is part of a larger masterplan initiative to advocate for sustainable zero-waste 

practices and recycling habits. 

 

Recycling initiative in EAST COAST GRC 

Cimelia also undertook the initiative for twenty-one divisions and RC Zone residents to recycle their 

unwanted e-waste. This led to the collection of 3,507 kg of e-waste. This initiative highlighted the 

importance of recycling habits and encouraged sustainability amongst the residents. 

 

Recycling programme at CapitaLand properties 

Electronic waste recycling programme was also organised at CapitaLand Properties to allow the 

participants to dispose their obsolete electronic items to a reliable vendor and at the same time to 

raise awareness on shared responsibility of recycling and provide an integrated platform for tenants 

in CapitaLand to recycle their unwanted electronic waste. In the reporting year, 4,468 kg of e-waste 

was collected. 

 

Mask donation through Boon Lay Community Club 

Amid the uncertainty of the COVID-19 pandemic, Enviro-Hub organised mask donation at HLS to 

distribute 25,000 pieces of masks to low income families through Boon Lay CC. Around 1,250 

households benefitted through this initiative. This activity was undertaken with proper safe 

distancing measures and all regulations were followed. 

 

In 2020, “Recycling Awareness” programmes that were organised by HLS at Grundfos, NEC and Thales 

to spread awareness on recycling were put on hold due to COVID-19. In light of the unpredictable 

working arrangements for some of our businesses and partnerships, we have amended our 2021 target 

to collect a total of 3,000 tonnes of e-waste across HLS and Cimelia.  

 

 


 

 ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED  

 

Page 22 of 26 

 



 

CUSTOMERS  

 

Performance against 2020 targets 

 

Achieved 

 

Zero incidences of substantiated complaints concerning breaches 

of customer privacy and losses of customer data. 

Targets for 2021 

 

Maintain zero incidences of substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer 

privacy and losses of customer data. 

Protecting customer data and respecting customer privacy are of paramount importance to Enviro-

Hub. With an increasing number of electronic devices becoming obsolete each year, the disposal of 

electronic waste is a rapidly growing disproportionate to our operations. The improper disposal of 

electronic waste poses a threat to the environment as well as increases the risk of data theft, where 

highly sensitive data and information can be stolen or reused without consent. 

Enviro-Hub has implemented some measures to protect customer data, by complying with the 

requirements of data protection laws and regulations, ensuring that information and data stored on 

clients’ electronic devices are completely removed before they are recycled or reused.  

Our e-waste recycling services involve the following processes, which are designed to protect our 

customers’ sensitive information:  

• 

Data wiping  

• 

Degaussing (hard-disk drives only)  

• 

Punching of hard-disk drives  

• 

Manual physical destruction/recycling  

• 

Shredding  

• 

Mechanical plant crushing  

• 

Access limited to authorise personnel 

• 

Non-Disclosure Agreements (NDA) 

• 

Servers complying with the minimum-security Standards for Sensitive Devices 

• 

Closed-circuit television (CCTV) cameras installed to protect the company’s assets and customers’ 

intellectual property (IP) 

Notably at Cimelia, a U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) certified degausser model MW 1B is used to 

remove data stored on hard drives and magnetic tapes. Shredding machines enable scrap materials to 


 

 ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED  

 

Page 23 of 26 

 



reach a reduction of less than 15mm. Cimelia and HLS is also a certified as R2:2013 electronics recycler 

that adheres to the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s (NIST’s) Guidelines for Media 

Sanitization – Special Publication 800-88.  

 

Cimelia’s Process Flowchart for ICT Recycling and Data Destruction 

In addition, closed-circuit television (CCTV) cameras have been installed to protect the company’s 

assets and customers’ intellectual property (IP). In the reporting year, there were zero incidences of 

substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data. 

Data storage media destruction 

At Cimelia, several measures have been taken to protect customers’ sensitive information and 

intellectual property. These measures include providing customers with locked recycling bins to 

collect e-waste, which will be brought to Cimelia’s facility where data destruction work is carried out. 

Locks are provided to customers to prevent their electronic devices from theft and to protect their 

data from unauthorised access if lost or stolen. Also, security seals with serial numbers are used to 

ensure that the recycling bins are not tampered with. The bins will be collected when they are about 

75% filled. 

 

 




 

 ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED  

 

Page 24 of 26 

 



GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI Content Index for ‘In Accordance’ Core option 

GRI 

Standards 

Disclosure 

Page Number 

Omissions 

GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016 

Organisational Profile 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Enviro-Hub Holdings Limited  

 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, 

and services 

Annual Report 2020 – Corporate 

Profile, Page 2 

 

102-3 

Location of headquarter 

 Annual Report 2020 – Corporate 

Information, Page 1 

 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Annual Report 2020 – Corporate 

Information, Page 1 

 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report 2020 – Group 

Structure, Page 3 

 

102-6 

Markets served 

Annual Report 2020 – Corporate 

Profile, Page 2 

 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Annual Report 2020 – Financial 

Highlights, Page 12 

Social Performance, Pages 18-19 

 

102-8 

Information on employees 

and other workers 

Social Performance, Pages 18-19 

 

102-9 

Supply chain 

 

Not applicable, 

supply chain is 

minimal and 

insignificant. 

102-10 

Significant changes to 

organisation and its supply 

chain 

No significant changes during 2020 

 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or 

approach 

Sustainability Governance, Page 7 

Environment Performance, Pages 13-

14 

 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Enviro-Hub supports and complies 

with the International Organisation 

for Standardisation (ISO) and 

Responsible Recycling practices for 

Use in Accredited Certifications 

Programmes (R2) standards. 

 

102-13 

Membership of 

associations 

Enviro-Hub is a member of the 

Waste Management &amp; Recycling 

Association of Singapore. 

 


 

 ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED  

 

Page 25 of 26 

 



Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior 

decision-maker 

Board Statement, Page 3 

 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, 

standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Annual Report 2020 Corporate 

Vision; Corporate Mission  

 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Sustainability Governance, Page 7 

Annual Report 2020 – Group 

Structure, Page 6-9 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholder Engagement, Pages 8-9 

 

102-41 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

Not applicable, no collective 

bargaining agreements are in place. 

 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

Stakeholder Engagement, Pages 8-9 

 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

Stakeholder Engagement, Pages 8-9 

 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns 

raised 

Stakeholder Engagement, Pages 8-9 

 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

Annual Report 2020 – Audited 

Financial Statements, Pages 41-118 

 

102-46 

Defining report content 

and topic boundaries 

About the Report, Page 4 

Materiality Assessment, Pages 10-11 

 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Materiality Assessment, Pages 10-11 

 

102-48 

Restatements of 

information 

There has been no restatement of 

figures or information disclosed in 

our previous report. 

 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Materiality Assessment, Pages 10-11 

 

102-50 

Reporting period 

About the Report, Page 4 

 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

The Sustainability Report 2019 was 

published on 29 May 2020. 

 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

About the Report, Page 4 

 

102-53 

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report 

About the Report, Page 4 

 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with GRI 

Standards 

About the Report, Page 4 

 

102-55 

GRI content index 

GRI Content Index, Pages 24 - 26 

 


 

 ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED  

 

Page 26 of 26 

 



102-56 

External assurance 

Enviro-Hub has not sought external 

assurance on this report but may do 

so in the future.  

 

GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 

 

103-1 

Explanation of the material 

topic and its boundary 

Materiality Assessment, Pages 10-11 

Annual Report 2020 – Audited 

Financial Statements, Pages 41 - 118 

Economic Performance, Page 12 

Environmental Performance, Pages 

13-14 

Social Performance, Pages 15-21 

Customers, Pages 22-23 

 

103-2 

The management approach 

and its components 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the 

management approach 

 

Material Topics 

 

GRI 201: Economic Performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value 

generated and distributed 

Economic Performance, Page 12 

Annual Report 2020 – Audited 

Financial Statements, Pages 41 - 118 

 

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

Environmental Performance, Pages 

13-14 

 

GRI 401: Employment 

401-1 

New employee hires and 

employee turnover 

Social Performance, Pages 17-19 

 

GRI 403: Occupational health and safety 

403-9 

Work-related injuries 

Social Performance, Pages 15-17 

 

GRI 404: Training and Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training 

per year per employee 

Social Performance, Pages 16-17, 19-

20 

 

GRI 413: Local Communities 

413-1 

Operations with local 

community engagement, 

impact assessments, 

and development programs 

Social Performance, Pages 20-21 

 

GRI 418: Customer Privacy 

418-1 

Substantiated complaints 

concerning breaches of 

customer 

privacy and losses of 

customer data 

Customers, Pages 22-23 

 

 

