
 

 

 

 

 

RECYCLING THE PAST- 

PROTECTING THE FUTURE      




 

 

 

 

 

ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

P a g e  1 | 24 

 



CONTENTS 

RECYCLING THE PAST-PROTECTING THE FUTURE................................................................ 2 

BOARD STATEMENT.............................................................................................................. 3 

ABOUT THE REPORT ............................................................................................................. 4 

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE .......................................................................................... 5 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT............................................................................................. 6 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT ................................................................................................... 8 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE .............................................................................................. 9 

ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE ................................................................................... 10 

SOCIAL PERFORMANCE.................................................................................................... 12 

CUSTOMERS ....................................................................................................................... 19 

GRI CONTENT INDEX ......................................................................................................... 21 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

 

 

 

ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

P a g e  2 | 24 

 



RECYCLING THE PAST-PROTECTING THE FUTURE 

 

 

There is growing trend among businesses to move towards a circular economy. Challenges like resource 

availability, volatile commodity prices and changing consumer preferences are forcing organisation’s to 

rethink consumption and production models and patterns. This is what the United Nations Sustainable 

Development Goals envisaged, that for all businesses, corporates and governments to adopt 

Responsible Consumption and Production (UN SDG Goal 12).  

At Enviro-Hub Holdings Limited, we foster an environment which aims to include provisions of total 

WEEE (waste electrical electronic equipment) solutions, recovery and refining of platinum group metals, 

as well as recycling of ferrous and nonferrous metals. These are part of our efforts to create a 

sustainable future and reinforce our brand presence around the globe. 

The real sustainable future lies in developing diligent practices in our worldwide use of natural resources 

including conservation, recycling, and reuse of resources, and in the adoption of sustainable resource 

management strategies on both local and international levels. The transition to sustainable 

consumption and production of goods and services is necessary to reduce the negative impact on 

climate and the environment, and on people's health. 

As governments and citizens become increasingly aware of their impact on the environment, demand 

for recycling and waste diversion programs are growing. We will continue to drive for efficiency and 

progress in order to enhance our organization’s resilience, adaptability and sustainability. Through this 

report, we endeavor to bring forth to the reader how we operationalize sustainability in our 

organization. 

 

 


 

 

 

 

 

ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

P a g e  3 | 24 

 



BOARD STATEMENT 

 

The Board is delighted to present Enviro-Hub Holdings Limited (“Enviro-Hub”)’ sustainability report for 

the reporting year of 2019.  

In order to translate sustainability efforts to have an impact, the organisation needs to understand how 

its business impacts the people, the planet and the profits. This knowledge should then offer business 

opportunities and value to the organisation and its stakeholders. The Sustainable Development Goals 

(SDGs) enshrine the most ambitious efforts for sustainable development so far. At Enviro-Hub, we 

believe that SDGs present us with exciting opportunities to meaningfully impact and make a difference 

through our business operations around recycling and refining of metals as well as trading of electronic 

waste (e-waste) and metals. 

We have embraced the concept of Circular Economy by providing environmental management 

solutions and services. We view our involvement in supporting the circular economy principles as an 

opportunity to grow our business while contributing to the development of a sustainable and resource-

efficient society.  

We endeavour to maintain a healthy working environment and safe operations to ensure the wellbeing 

of our human capital. We invest considerably in our resources for creating a meritocratic organisation 

that empowers people to work creatively and drive innovation. Recognising this, our value system 

strives to attract and retain the best talent, by continuously engaging and connecting with them.  

The Board strives to ensure that environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues are incorporated 

into Enviro-Hub’s overall strategy and is responsible for the oversight of the management of Enviro-

Hub’s sustainability performance. The Board is supported by a sustainability committee established to 

implement sustainability initiatives. The involvement of the Board in identifying material ESG topics is 

necessary to ensure that sustainability is embedded in our policies and procedures and is in line with 

our business strategy. The Board is also involved in the formulation of the targets for each material ESG 

topic for this year’s report. 

This report is an effort to showcase our sustainability performance and share good practices. The Board 

is grateful towards all the stakeholders for contributing to our journey of transformation towards 

sustainability. 

Enviro-Hub Holdings Limited Board of Directors 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

 

 

 

ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

P a g e  4 | 24 

 



ABOUT THE REPORT 

 

Report Scope and Boundary 

This is Enviro-Hub’s third sustainability report, covering the sustainability performance for the period of 

1st January 2019 to 31st December 2019 (“2019”). The scope of the report includes the performance 

and data of Cimelia Resource Recovery Pte Limited (“Cimelia”), Enviro-Metals Pte Limited (“Enviro-

Metals”) and HLS Environmental Pte Limited, formally known as HLS Electronics Pte Limited (“HLS”) 

which are Enviro-Hub’s Singapore-based business operations in the  recycling, refining of metals and 

trading of e-waste and metals. The inclusion of other business lines in the sustainability report will be 

assessed and considered in the future.  

Reporting Standards and Compliance Requirements 

The report has been prepared in alignment with the GRI Standards "In Accordance-Core" option. The 

GRI Standards were selected as it is an internationally recognized reporting framework that covers a 

comprehensive range of sustainability disclosures suited to Enviro-Hub’s industry and business model. 

This report is also aligned with the reporting requirements of Singapore Exchange (“SGX”) Listing Rules 

711A and 711B – Sustainability Reporting Guide.  

Data Management  

The data presented in the report relates to the operations mentioned in the reporting boundary. The 

financial data presented covers the whole Enviro-Hub group. We publish our sustainability reports on 

an annual basis. All our sustainability reports, including the previous sustainability report published in 

2018, are available on our Company’s website1. There are no restatements of data presented from the 

previous years’ report. 

Feedback 

We value and welcome all feedback from all stakeholders as they are integral to the continuous 

improvements of our sustainability practices and reporting. Please send all comments and suggestions 

to info@enviro-hub.com. 

 

 

 

 

 

1 http://envirohub.listedcompany.com/sr.html 


 

 

 

 

 

ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

P a g e  5 | 24 

 



SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE 

 

We strongly believe that our ability to uphold the highest ethical standards of compliance, transparency 

and business conduct translates into our trust with our stakeholders which is in line with our values. We 

have a robust governance structure, sound policies and monitoring system which ensure this trust is 

intact with our stakeholders. Our sustainability governance model provides a foundation to integrate 

our sustainability priorities with the corporate agenda.  

The Board reviews sustainability issues as part of Enviro-Hub’s strategic formulation and approves the 

ESG factors material to the business. 

The Sustainability Steering Committee (SSC), led by our Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) and involves 

other senior management, develops sustainability objectives, strategies and oversees overall 

sustainability performance before reporting it to the Board.  

To ensure that sustainability efforts are implemented effectively into our strategic direction and 

business operations, our sustainability efforts are driven by the Sustainability Task Force (“STF”), led by 

our CFO, which was established and integrated as part of the company’s corporate governance. 

Representatives of the operations and finance divisions are represented in the STF to manage and 

monitor’s Enviro-Hub’s sustainability progress and performance.  

The STF’s primary responsibilities include: 

1. reviewing and reporting to the Board on the sustainability approach, standards, priorities and 

goals, and overseeing Group-level strategies, policies and practices on sustainability matters to 

attain those standards and goals; 

2. overseeing, reviewing and evaluating sustainability performance against the prioritised 

material topics; 

3. reviewing and advising the Board on Enviro-Hub’s public reporting on the organisation’s 

performance on sustainability matters; and 

4. presenting the sustainability report for the Board’s approval. 

 

 




 

 

 

 

 

ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

P a g e  6 | 24 

 



STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

We believe that strong and healthy relationships make successful businesses. Fostering an inclusive 

approach towards all our stakeholders by identifying and actively engaging with them, we focus on 

understanding their needs, interests and expectations. This has enabled us to create value for both 

Enviro-Hub and our stakeholders. We have identified both our internal and external stakeholders. By 

actively engaging our stakeholders, we continue to align our priorities with their needs. The table below 

summarises our stakeholder engagement methods, frequency and key topics of interest: 

 

Key Stakeholders 

Engagement Methods 

Frequency 

Key Topics of Interest 

Investors and 

Shareholders 

 

 

Updates on financial results, 

announcements, business 

developments, press releases and 

other relevant disclosures via 

SGXNet and Enviro-Hub’s website 

Throughout the 

year 

 Transparent reporting 

 Sound corporate 

governance practices 

 Business strategy and 

outlook 

Roadshows and investor 

conferences  

Throughout the 

year  

One-on-one meetings and site 

visits  

Throughout the 

year 

Annual General Meeting  

Annually 

Employees 

 

 

Induction programme for new 

employees 

Throughout the 

year 

 Equitable remuneration 

 Fair and competitive 

employment practices 

and policies 

 Safe and healthy work 

environment 

 Employee development 

and well-being  

Training and development 

programmes 

Throughout the 

year 

Career development performance 

appraisals 

Annually 

Recreational and wellness 

activities 

Throughout the 

year 

E-mails, meetings and town-halls 

sessions 

Throughout the 

year 

Customers 

 

Feedback from customers  

Throughout the 

year 

 Comments and potential 

room for improvement in 

delivering goods and 

services 


 

 

 

 

 

ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

P a g e  7 | 24 

 



Independent audit from our 

customers 

Annually/ Biannual 

 IP protection and data 

security  

Government and 

Regulators 

 

Meetings and dialogue sessions 

 

 

 

 

 

Throughout the 

year 

 Compliance with and 

updates on changing laws 

and regulations 

 

 


 

 

 

 

 

ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

P a g e  8 | 24 

 



MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

A detailed materiality assessment exercise was conducted to identify ESG risks and opportunities that 

are most important to our business and stakeholders. The identification of material topics involved 

conducting research on global and local trends in our industry, peer benchmarking, as well as industry 

best practices. Results of this assessment exercise were reviewed by our senior management from the 

point of view of relevance and adequacy. Based on the review, the materiality topics were finalised.  

We will continue to assess these material topics on a regular basis to ensure their relevance and 

importance to our business. The table below depicts each corresponding topic with the specific GRI 

standards. 

Category 

Material Topic 

GRI Standard 

GRI Disclosures 

Economic 

 

 

Economic Performance 

 

 

GRI 201: Economic 

Performance 

Disclosure 201-1:  

Direct economic value generated 

and distributed 

Environment 

Environmental Compliance 

(including regarding 

Emissions, Effluents and 

Sludge, Auditing by our 

customers) 

GRI 307: Environmental 

Compliance 

Disclosure 307-1: 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

Social 

 

Occupational Health and 

Safety 

GRI 403: Occupational 

Health and Safety 

Disclosure 403-9: 

Work-related injuries 

Talent Attraction and 

Retention 

GRI 401: Employment 

Disclosure 401-1: 

New employee hires and 

employee turnover 

Training and Education 

GRI 404: Training and 

Education 

Disclosure 404-1: 

Average hours of training per year 

per employee 

Local Communities 

GRI 413: Local 

Communities 

Disclosure 413-1: 

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, 

and development programs 

Customers 

 

Protection of Sensitive 

Information 

 

GRI 418: Customer 

Privacy 

Disclosure 418-1: 

Substantiated complaints 

concerning breaches of customer 

privacy and losses of customer 

data 


 

 

 

 

 

ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

P a g e  9 | 24 

 



ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

Enviro-Hub recognises the financial interconnectivity that our economic performance has with all our 

stakeholders. We seek to deliver sustainable returns to all stakeholders by driving constant economic 

growth and aiming to operate in a responsible manner. 

 

Please refer to the financial statements in the Annual Report2 for more information regarding Enviro-

Hub’s economic performance. 

 

 

 

2 http://envirohub.listedcompany.com/newsroom/20200413_131940_L23_UVF88XPZDATNMYKV.1.pdf 




 

 

 

 

 

ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

P a g e  10 | 24 

 



ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE 

 

Performance against 2019 targets 

 

Achieved 

 

Zero incidents of non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

 

Complied with the required Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF) – 

National Company Emergency Response Team (CERT) standard 

Targets for 2020 

 

Maintain zero incidents of non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations 

 

Meet the Company Emergency Response Team (CERT)’s requirement from the Singapore Civil 

Defense Force (SCDF) 

 

Improper disposal of e-waste leads to environmental pollution and may in turn harm human health. 

Recognizing the potential environmental hazards and consequences associated with improper disposal 

of e-waste, we have focused our sustainability efforts on the development of our waste disposal 

facilities to recycle e-waste properly. Recycled materials can be used to make new products, and this 

reduces the need to mine limited raw materials from the earth.  

At Enviro-Hub, we ensure our due diligence by complying to the relevant environmental laws and 

regulations such as the Environmental Protection and Management Act and Regulations, the Hazardous 

Waste Act, the Prevention of Pollution of the Sea Act and the Fire Safety Act. As an e-waste recycler, 

Cimelia and HLS will support the extended producer responsibility law, that is due to take effect by 

2021. It ensures that producers of electrical and electronic equipment in Singapore have their products 

are collected, recycled or disposed off responsibly when they reach the end of their lifespan.  

Furthermore, Enviro-Hub has also developed various internal policies such as the Cimelia Quality, 

Environmental, Health and Safety (QEHS) Policy, endorsed by senior management to ensure that we 

adhere to the relevant environmental laws and regulations. We constantly keep abreast of the latest 

changes in environmental laws and regulations to understand how we can do our part to protect the 

environment.  

Similarly, we require our outsourced vendors and suppliers to have the same environmental value as 

us. They are required to undergo a rigorous assessment and evaluation process to ensure that they 

demonstrate compliance with all applicable environmental laws and regulations. All incidents of non-

compliance will be investigated so that corrective actions can be taken. 

To improve our environmental management and ensure that we are compliant with the various 

environmental standards, we have implemented internationally recognized standards such as ISO 

14001 (Environmental Management Systems), ISO 9001 (Quality Management Systems) and OHSAS 


 

 

 

 

 

ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

P a g e  11 | 24 

 



18001 (Occupational Health and Safety). We are also certified under R2:2013 which is responsible 

recycling standard for effective recycling of electronic waste. 

In 2019, there were zero incidents of non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations 

reported. 

ACID AND CYANIDE SCRUBBERS AT CIMELIA 

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































Cimelia strives to prevent the improper disposal and treatment of electronic waste (e-waste), which 

contains toxic heavy metals such as lead and calcium that can have adverse impacts on both the 

environment and human health. The e-waste collected is dismantled and segregated into different 

streams. Part of the e-waste may be sent for crushing and grinding.  

Cyanide and acids are used to treat e-waste in order to recover the metals contained in the waste. 

Toxic cyanide and acid fumes generated through this process are treated before being discharged 

into the atmosphere in order to reduce their adverse effects on human health. Also, scrubbers are 

installed to neutralise these toxic gases as a means of reducing emissions. 









































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

 

 


 

 

 

 

 

ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

P a g e  12 | 24 

 



SOCIAL PERFORMANCE 

Occupational Health and Safety 

Performance against 2019 targets 

 

Not achieved3 

 

Not achieved4 

 

Achieved 

 

 

Maintain/achieve zero fatalities/or injuries 

 

Attain ISO 45001:2018 certification (HLS) 

 

Increase occupational health and safety training hours  

Targets for 2020 

 

Attain ISO 45001: 2018 certification (HLS) 

 

Increase occupational health and safety training hours 

 

At Enviro-Hub, protecting the health and safety of our employees are of utmost importance. We believe 

that inculcating a strong safety culture in the workplace will protect the company’s most valuable asset 

– our people. We provide our people with a safe working environment by adhering to local safety laws 

and regulations, which includes the Workplace Safety and Health (WHS) Policy, the Employment of 

Foreign Workers Act, the Environmental Protection and Management Act and Regulation, the Work 

Injury Compensation Act, the Environmental Public Health Act and the Fire Safety Act.  

A health and safety committee has been established to ensure that health and safety policies are fully 

implemented. Several processes have been set in place to ensure the strong implementation of these 

policies. Some of the processes are as follows: 

 

Reporting monthly Fire Safety Inspection results to management 

 

Reviewing operations risk assessment, taking steps to eliminate or reduce potential risks 

 

Maintaining related certifications e.g. bizSAFE certification, OHSAS 18001   

 

Investigating and executing corrective actions upon any reported incidents  

 

Forming a Trained Company Emergency Response Team (CERT) to response in emergency 

situations  

 

Ensuring accurate calibration of monitoring equipment  

 

Conducting biannual internal audits for any non-conformance to system procedures  

 

Holding monthly site meetings with project consultants to discuss health and safety (injuries), 

environmental (e.g. mosquito breeding, noise) and any other ad-hoc matters. 

 

3 One injury incident reported by HLS in May 2019. Employee injured his left palm while collecting E-waste scraps at a customer’s place. This 

incident has been reported to MOM and employees were re-trained on safety awareness regulations. 

4In 2019, HLS warehouse office was relocated from 99TBD to 3Gul. We are re-targeting to achieve this certification before June 

2020. 


 

 

 

 

 

ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

P a g e  13 | 24 

 



In 2019, we continue implementing our Occupational Health and Safety Improvement Plan which 

includes various initiatives to improve the management of occupational health and safety, such as:  

 

Carrying out environment, health and safety (EHS) and fire safety inspections monthly and 

taking corrective action(s) for violations of EHS rules and regulations  

 

Providing employees with health and safety training and information on the potential health 

risks and safety hazards in the work environment and the proper precautions to undertake  

 

Requiring the presence of a safety manager who conducts bi-annual spot checks and timely 

investigation and execution of preventive and corrective actions based on incidents reported 

by employees and visitors  

 

Conducting monthly site meetings with project consultants to discuss health and safety 

(injuries), environmental (e.g. mosquito breeding, noise) and any other ad-hoc matters 

 

 Conducting daily tool box meetings to raise and discuss any EHS concerns from operational 

staff members 

Recognising that communicating Workplace Health &amp; Safety (WHS) rules and guidance to our 

employees are crucial and essential in managing WHS risks, we provide our employees with regular 

occupational health and safety training.  

 

In 2019, our employees received a total of 451 training hours on occupational health and safety, a 

34.63% increase from the previous year. We are committed towards health and safety of our workforce 

and will work towards conducting awareness sessions and trainings aimed at increasing safety. 

 

 

335

451

0

50

100

150

200

250

300

350

400

450

500

2018

2019

OHS Training Hours

Occupational Health and Safety Training Hours

Occupational Health and Safety Training Hours


 

 

 

 

 

ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

P a g e  14 | 24 

 



Talent Attraction and Retention 

Performance against 2019 targets 

 

Achieved 

 

 

Maintain an employee turnover rate within the industry 

average  

Targets for 2020 

 

Maintain an employee turnover rate within the industry average 

Our employees are pivotal in contributing to the company’s long-term success and we dedicate our 

efforts to develop their careers, provide a nurturing work environment and maintain a talented 

workforce.  

Enviro-Hub has policies and procedures that encompass our values of inclusivity while achieving 

productivity. These include fair recruitment, training and career development opportunities and 

employee recognition and awards. Our human resources policy also incorporates various guiding 

principles and offer competitive working hours, leave and other employment benefits, remuneration, 

bonuses (and conflict of interests). As part of our efforts to maintain and improve communication, we 

are also proud to announce that all our employees receive performance evaluation reviews annually.  

As of 31 December 2019, Enviro-Hub has 84 employees, all of them based in Singapore. The average 

monthly new hire rate for the year was 1.98%5 while the average monthly turnover rate was 2.18%, 

which is below the industry average of 2.2%6. An exit interview is conducted when an employee leaves 

the company, gathering feedback for further improvement. The decrease in new hires in 2019 can be 

attributed to efforts in improving the efficiency of our recycling facilities by streamlining our operations 

and exploring automated processes. 

 

 

5 Average monthly recruitment rate in 2019: 2.5% (Production &amp; Transport Operators, Cleaners &amp; Labourers). Source: Ministry of Manpower 

6 Average monthly resignation rate in 2019: 2.2% (Production &amp; Transport Operators, Cleaners &amp; Labourers). Source: Ministry of Manpower 

69%

31%

Total Employees By Gender 

Male

Female


 

 

 

 

 

ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

P a g e  15 | 24 

 



 

 

  

We actively engage our employees and provide programmes and activities throughout the year such as 

lunch time talks, annual Christmas lunch and end-of-year celebration. These events encourage open 

communication and transparency between all stakeholders and support our employees in sharing their 

ideas and give constructive feedback.  

We do not discriminate against age during our recruitment processes and aim to continue applying fair 

employment practices. If the need arises, we also offer our employees unpaid leave of up to two 

months, giving them time to attend personal matters. 

 

Training and Education 

Performance against 2019 targets 

 

Achieved 

 

 

Achieved 

 

 

Roll-out incentive initiatives to encourage self-learning 

amongst employees for career development  

 

Provide relevant internal and external training opportunities 

to improve workers’ skills and knowledge 

80%

20%

New Hires by Gender

Male

Female

30%

50%

20%

New Hires by Age

&lt; 30 years old

30 - 50 years old

&gt; 50 years old

82%

18%

Employee Turnover by Gender

Male

Female

32%

54%

14%

Employee Turnover by Age 

&lt; 30 years old

30 - 50 years old

&gt; 50 years old


 

 

 

 

 

ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

P a g e  16 | 24 

 



Targets for 2020 

 

Roll-out incentive initiatives to encourage self-learning amongst employees for career 

development  

 

Provide relevant internal and external training opportunities to improve workers’ skills and 

knowledge 

We equip our employees with skills to remain relevant in the changing market by meeting industry 

needs. As such, regular training is provided throughout the year which includes WSQ Operate Forklift 

Course, Forklift Refresher Course, Risk Management Implementation and First Aid Course Training. IT-

related courses are conducted to improve specific technical skills such as Android Basics Nanodegree 

and Introduction to Programming Nanodegree. We also include Human Resources related training such 

as engaging newly hired Professional Management and Executives (PMEs) in a Subject Matter Expert 

(SME) and building Human Capital in SME.   

We are constantly improving our training programmes and have developed a training plan for 2019 that 

includes IT, Digital and Systems Applications and Products in Data Processing (SAP). Moreover, formal 

and informal employee learning and development interventions and programmes are present to initiate 

communication and career improvement.  

The progress of our employees is evaluated to provide them with the attention and support that they 

need. The competency of the trainees is assessed by relevant parties through the Training &amp; Evaluation 

Form or competency assessment checklist. Additional trainings are offered to employees who do not 

meet performance expectations. As of 31st December 2019, 84 employees at Enviro-Hub received an 

average of 7 hours of training. At the same time, we prioritise our employees, and offer various career 

advancement opportunities to internal employees before hiring externally.   

 

Local Communities 

Performance against 2019 targets 

 

Achieved 

 

Achieved 

 

 

Organise Global Environment Day with staff 

 

Collect 10 tonnes of e-waste through the Singtel x SingPost 

Recycle Programme 

Targets for 2020 

 

Collect 8 tonnes of e-waste through Singtel x SingPost Recycle Programme 

 

Collect 3 tonnes of e-waste for Clean Up South West Community Development Council 

(SWCDC) 

 

Collect 120 tonnes of e-waste from Schneider Electric 


 

 

 

 

 

ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

P a g e  17 | 24 

 



Striving to build a circular and sustainable economy, we engage and work with local communities to 

improve waste management. Internally, our employees are constantly involved in CSR activities held 

throughout the year. This helps us to walk together with our community towards being a zero-waste 

society, adding value to lives around us.  

We build close relationships with local communities by supporting and partnering with them. 

Partnerships include local schools for awareness programmes, town councils and businesses for e-waste 

take back and recycling programmes etc. Our efforts to increase awareness about environmental 

protection also includes encouraging the local community members to reuse waste items, recycle 

electronic waste and providing information on the environmental impacts resulting from the improper 

disposal of electronic waste.  

Global Environment Day 

HLS has organized a beach cleaning up activity called “Global Environment Day” to do our part as an 

organisation to clean up the environment during 2019. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 










 

 

 

 

 

ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

P a g e  18 | 24 

 



CLEANING EVENTS WITH SOUTH WEST COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT COUNCIL (SWCDC) 

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































Cimelia’s employees participated in a series of events in collaboration with the South West 

Community Development Council (SWCDC). These events include Clean Up South West ECO Day Out 

and Recycle-Our-E-Waste, where a total of 1,122 kg of e-waste were collected from residents from 

the South West District in exchange for groceries or vouchers. This recycling drive is part of a larger 

masterplan initiative to advocate for sustainable zero-waste practices and recycling habits. 

 

 

























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

AWARENESS ON RECYCLING 

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































HLS is working with Schneider Electric to create awareness about recycling by encouraging its 

employees to recycle electronic waste. Items such as metals, plastics, aluminum, stainless steel and 

copper are collected from Schneider Electric and recycled by HLS. All proceeds from this recycling 

programme goes to the charity organization, Willing Hearts, to provide hot meals for lower-income 

families. Since October 2017, 1000 beneficiaries have benefited from this programme. Schneider 

Electric continually expands this initiative to other countries such as Malaysia, Vietnam, Indonesia 

and Thailand. A total of 106 tonnes of e-waste was collected from Schneider in 2019. In 2020, we 

aim to raise our e-waste collection to 120 tonnes. 

































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 










 

 

 

 

 

ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

P a g e  19 | 24 

 



CUSTOMERS  

 

Performance against 2019 targets 

 

Achieved 

 

Zero incidences of substantiated complaints concerning breaches 

of customer privacy and losses of customer data. 

Targets for 2020 

 

Maintain zero incidences of substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer 

privacy and losses of customer data. 

Protecting customer data and respecting customer privacy are of paramount importance to Enviro-Hub. 

With an increasing number of electronic devices becoming obsolete each year, the disposal of electronic 

waste is a rapidly growing disproportionate to our operations. The improper disposal of electronic waste 

poses a threat to the environment as well as increases the risk of data theft, where highly sensitive data 

and information can be stolen or reused without consent. 

Enviro-Hub has implemented some measures to protect customer data, by complying with the 

requirements of data protection laws and regulations, ensuring that information and data stored on 

clients’ electronic devices are completely removed before they are recycled or reused.  

Our e-waste recycling services involve the following processes, which are designed to protect our 

customers’ sensitive information:  

• 

Data wiping  

• 

Degaussing (hard-disk drives only)  

• 

Punching of hard-disk drives  

• 

Manual physical destruction/recycling  

• 

Shredding  

• 

Mechanical plant crushing  

• 

Access limited to authorise personnel 

• 

Non-Disclosure Agreements (NDA) 

• 

Servers complying with the minimum-security Standards for Sensitive Devices 

• 

Closed-circuit television (CCTV) cameras installed to protect the company’s assets and customers’ 

intellectual property (IP) 

Notably at Cimelia, a U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) certified degausser model MW 1B is used to 

remove data stored on hard drives and magnetic tapes. Shredding machines enable scrap materials to 


 

 

 

 

 

ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

P a g e  20 | 24 

 



reach a reduction of less than 15mm. Cimelia and HLS is also a certified as R2:2013 electronics recycler 

that adheres to the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s (NIST’s) Guidelines for Media 

Sanitization – Special Publication 800-88.  

 

 

Cimelia’s Process Flowchart for ICT Recycling and Data Destruction 

In addition, closed-circuit television (CCTV) cameras have been installed to protect the company’s assets 

and customers’ intellectual property (IP). In the reporting year, there were zero incidences of 

substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data. 

DATA STORAGE MEDIA DESTRUCTION 

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































At Cimelia, several measures have been taken to protect customers’ sensitive information and 

intellectual property. These measures include providing customers with locked recycling bins to 

collect e-waste, which will be brought to Cimelia’s facility where data destruction work is carried out. 

Locks are provided to customers to prevent their electronic devices from theft and to protect their 

data from unauthorized access if lost or stolen. Also, security seals with serial numbers are used to 

ensure that the recycling bins are not tampered with. The bins will be collected when they are about 

75% filled. 





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 




 

 

 

 

 

ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

P a g e  21 | 24 

 



GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI Content Index for ‘In Accordance’ Core option 

GRI 

Standards 

Disclosure 

Page Number 

Omissions 

GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016 

Organisational Profile 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Enviro-Hub Holdings Limited  

 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, 

and services 

Annual Report 2019 – Corporate 

Profile,  

Page 2 

 

102-3 

Location of headquarter 

 Annual Report 2019 – Corporate 

Information,  

Page 1 

 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Annual Report 2019 – Corporate 

Information,  

Page 1 

 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report 2019– Group 

Structure,  

Page 3 

 

102-6 

Markets served 

Annual Report 2019– Corporate 

Profile,  

Page 2 

 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Annual Report 2019– Financial 

Highlights,  

Page 12 

Social Performance,  

Page 14-15 

 

102-8 

Information on employees 

and other workers 

Social Performance,  

Page 14-15 

 

102-9 

Supply chain 

 

Not applicable, 

supply chain is 

minimal and 

insignificant. 

102-10 

Significant changes to 

organisation and its supply 

chain 

No significant changes during 2019 

 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or 

approach 

Sustainability Governance, Page 5 

Environment Performance, Page 10 

 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Enviro-Hub supports and complies 

with the 

 


 

 

 

 

 

ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

P a g e  22 | 24 

 



International Organisation for 

Standardisation (ISO) and 

Responsible Recycling practices for 

Use in Accredited 

Certifications Programmes (R2) 

standards. 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Enviro-Hub is a member of the 

Waste Management &amp; 

Recycling Association of Singapore. 

 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior 

decision-maker 

Board Statement,  

Page 3 

 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, 

and norms of behaviour 

Annual Report 2019 Corporate 

Vision; Corporate Mission  

 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Sustainability Governance, Page 5 

Annual Report 2019 – Group 

Structure,  

Page 6-9 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholder Engagement, Page 6-7 

 

102-41 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

Not applicable, no collective 

bargaining agreements are 

in place. 

 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

Stakeholder Engagement, Page 6-7 

 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

Stakeholder Engagement, Page 6-7 

 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns 

raised 

Stakeholder Engagement, Page 6-7 

 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

Annual Report 2019– Audited 

Financial Statements, 

Page 37-121 

 

102-46 

Defining report content and 

topic boundaries 

About the Report, Page 4 

Materiality Assessment, Page 8 

 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Materiality Assessment, Page 8 

 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

There has been no restatement of 

figures or information disclosed in 

our previous report. 

 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Materiality Assessment, Page 8 

 


 

 

 

 

 

ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

P a g e  23 | 24 

 



102-50 

Reporting period 

About the Report,  

Page 4 

 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

The Sustainability Report 2018 was 

published on 31 May 2019. 

 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

About the Report,  

Page 4 

 

102-53 

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report 

About the Report,  

Page 4 

 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with GRI 

Standards 

About the Report,  

Page 4 

 

102-55 

GRI content index 

GRI Content Index,  

Pages 21-24 

 

102-56 

External assurance 

Enviro-Hub has not sought external 

assurance on this report but may 

do so in the future.  

 

GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 

 

103-1 

Explanation of the material 

topic and its boundary 

Materiality Assessment, Page 8 

Annual Report 2019– Audited 

Financial Statements, 

Pages 37-121 

Economic Performance Pages 9 

Environmental Performance  

Pages 10-11  

Social Performance Pages 12-18 

Customers  

Pages 19-20 

 

 

103-2 

The management approach 

and its components 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the 

management approach 

 

Material Topics 

 

GRI 201: Economic Performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value 

generated and distributed 

Economic Performance, Page 9 

Annual Report 2019– Audited 

Financial Statements, 

Pages 37-121 

 

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

Environmental Performance,  

Pages 10-11 

 

GRI 401: Employment 

401-1 

New employee hires and 

employee turnover 

Social Performance,  

Pages 14-15 

 

GRI 403: Occupational health and safety 


 

 

 

 

 

ENVIRO-HUB HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

P a g e  24 | 24 

 



403-9 

Work-related injuries 

Social Performance,  

Page 12 

 

GRI 404: Training and Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training per 

year per employee 

Social Performance,  

Pages 13,15-16 

 

GRI 413: Local Communities 

413-1 

Operations with local 

community engagement, 

impact assessments, 

and development programs 

Social Performance,  

Pages 16-18 

 

GRI 418: Customer Privacy 

418-1 

Substantiated complaints 

concerning breaches of 

customer 

privacy and losses of 

customer data 

Customers,  

Pages 19-20 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

