


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

ENABLING

SUSTAINABILITY

WITH OUR 

VALUES


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

01

CONTENTS

01

CONTENTS

06

ABOUT THIS REPORT

17

MARKETPLACE

29

COMMUNITY

02

ABOUT EXCELPOINT 

TECHNOLOGY LTD.

04

MESSAGE FROM OUR CHAIRMAN 

AND GROUP CEO

09

STAKEHOLDERS

21

PEOPLE

32

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

13

SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY

27

ENVIRONMENT

34

GRI CONTENT INDEX


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

02

(Company Registration No. 200103280C)

ABOUT EXCELPOINT 

TECHNOLOGY LTD.

Excelpoint Technology Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (“Excelpoint” or the “Group”) are one of the 

leading regional business-to-business platforms providing quality electronic components, engineering design services 

and supply chain management to original equipment manufacturers, original design manufacturers and electronics 

manufacturing services in the Asia Pacific region. Excelpoint has been recognised in the top 25 Global Electronics 

Distributors and top Global Distributors lists by Electronic Business News (“EBN”), an online community for global 

supply chain professionals and Electronics Purchasing Strategies (“EPS”), a US-based information and data portal and 

resource centre for electronics and supply chain industries.

Excelpoint works closely with its principals to create innovative solutions to complement its customers’ products and 

solutions. Aimed at improving operational efficiency and cost competitiveness, it has research and development (“R&amp;D”) 

centres in Singapore, China and Vietnam helmed by a team of professional engineers.

Established in 1987 and headquartered in Singapore, Excelpoint has more than 650 employees.

OUR POSITIONING

As a value-added partner to our principals and customers, we aim to bridge the electronics technology value chain 

closer together as a total solution and service provider.

We create new value propositions for our principals and customers through R&amp;D, bringing products to market in the 

shortest time possible.

We believe in creating a positive working relationship with our stakeholders and building tomorrow’s future together.

Our Role in the Electronics Technology Value Chain




EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

03

OUR VISION, OUR MISSION, OUR CORE VALUES

To be the leading value-added partner to electronics manufacturers 

and industrial companies in the Asia Pacific region.

To be the key link between our principals and customers as the 

leading total solutions provider and continuously creating value for 

our stakeholders through:

We believe that passion is 

the key to the success of our 

business.

We demonstrate honest, ethical 

and professional conduct in 

everything that we do.

We are committed to excelling 

in our core competencies and 

services to stay competitive 

and bringing value to our 

stakeholders.

We strive to build trust in all our 

relationships with our principals 

and customers, and exceed 

expectations with our excellent 

services.

• Innovation

Drive innovation 

across our entire 

organisation and 

supply chain to 

create and enhance 

solutions to support 

the current and 

future demands of 

our customers.

• Sustainability 

Planning

Maintain strong 

business controls 

and effective risk 

management 

policies to drive 

good performance 

for the long-term 

sustainability of 

the business and 

shareholder value.

• Nurturing Human 

Capital

Nurture a company 

of talents and 

leaders with 

strong values and 

professionalism.

OUR VISION

OUR MISSION

OUR CORE VALUES

PASSION

INTEGRITY

COMMITMENT

TRUST

(Company Registration No. 200103280C)

ABOUT EXCELPOINT 

TECHNOLOGY LTD.


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

04

MESSAGE FROM OUR 

CHAIRMAN AND GROUP CEO





On behalf of our Board of Directors (the “Board”), I am pleased to present Excelpoint’s Annual Sustainability Report 

2020 for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. This is our fourth Sustainability Report, prepared following the 

GRI Standards, the most recognised global framework for sustainability reporting. The report reaffirms our commitment 

to growing business sustainably.

The COVID-19 pandemic made 2020 an unprecedented year by hugely disrupting economies, societies, healthcare 

and how people work, live and communicate. As social distancing and frequent lockdowns became the norms, people 

turned to information and communication technology to adjust to the new normal.

As we navigated the waves of COVID-19 restrictions and challenges, placing the health and safety of our employees 

was our top priority. We also sharpened our attention to the impact of the pandemic in the markets we operate in, 

taking steps to remain resilient such as managing costs to improve efficiencies, strengthening our credit and inventory 

control and improving our cash flow.

Despite existing uncertainties and challenges, Excelpoint as a group has worked hard to deliver a set of good results 

with a revenue of US$1,108.6 million and profit after tax of US$10.3 million.


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

05

The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a huge disruption, bringing into sharp focus the importance of sustainability. 

Excelpoint as a Group has remained committed throughout the year in our sustainability drive, drawing on our 

time-tested values and robust risk management approaches. As we continued to operate with a focus on our people’s 

health and well-being, resource efficiency, innovation and customer satisfaction, we see the role we can play in our 

stakeholders’ journey. Addressing the most significant environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) impacts, risks 

and opportunities, and the United Nation’s (“UN”) Sustainable Development Goals have remained the central theme 

of our sustainability efforts. Our sustainability strategy is part of our business strategy and in this report, we detail our 

most material impacts.

We continuously review what is material for the Group to balance growth with responsibility and promote amongst our 

stakeholders the understanding of ESG factors in their partnerships with us.

INNOVATION

Over the years, we have built a strong foundation of innovation and in 2020, we witnessed how this gave our business a 

competitive edge. We set up the PlanetSpark Innovation Centre in 2020 to onboard hardware technology start-ups, and 

within this centre, one pillar of focus is on Smart Sustainability. Under this pillar, we look to collaborate with innovative 

technologies within the ecosystems of Electric Vehicles and Charging, Smart Agri-Technology, and more to support 

the Net Zero goal, aligning with our Government’s The Green Plan 2030. We may play a niche role by nurturing and 

partnering these companies to commercialise their technologies, but we believe in the multiplier effect and we strive 

to be the enabler of a cleaner environment.

CARING FOR AND SHARING WITH OUR COLLEAGUES

This pandemic has impacted everyone’s personal lives and we were dedicated to prioritise the physical safety and 

mental well-being of all our colleagues. Following the need to work-from-home, we ensured our colleagues across the 

regions we operate in remain safe, and as a Group, we shared amenities required to keep them safe during this trying 

period. We also managed to set new work-from-home structure for the convenience of our colleagues. We remained 

committed to protecting the jobs of our people and took this chance to enhance our talent development and incentive 

initiatives as part of our plans to build, nurture and align the next generation of leaders, who play a key role in the 

sustainability of Excelpoint.

Gender diversity continues to be an integral part of our inclusivity efforts. In FY2020, women represented 42.8% of 

our employee base, up from 39.1% in FY2019.

We continued our efforts in giving back to the communities where we operate in to support both educational and 

social programmes. In FY2020, we invested S$93,044 (US$70,381) to support a range of programmes benefitting the 

local communities.

GENERATING LONG-TERM VALUE

Sustainability is not an end goal to be achieved but a fundamental ongoing mindset we have to instill to drive sustainable 

growth for our business. It is an extension of our values as we create long-term value for our stakeholders. We believe 

together, we can create a greater impact on improving the economic, environmental and social well-being of the 

communities we operate in. With our dedication and commitment, we can enable a sustainable future for our next 

generations. Our Board continues to work closely with the Management in developing and implementing sustainability 

approaches to address the ESG issues identified as material and of interest to our stakeholders.

The Board believes that our people, our relationships with partners and stakeholders, and our core are fundamentally strong 

to grow the business sustainably. These will remain the backbone of Excelpoint and become our key drivers of growth 

even as the events relating to COVID-19 are still unfolding globally, coupled with uncertainties in the geopolitical outlook.

ALBERT PHUAY YONG HEN

Chairman and Group CEO

MESSAGE FROM OUR  

CHAIRMAN AND GROUP CEO


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

06

This is Excelpoint Technology Ltd.’s fourth Sustainability Report. This report complements our Annual Report, which 

is published separately.

This report contains the ESG data from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 from the Excelpoint Group of Companies.

STANDARDS AND FRAMEWORKS

The report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative’s GRI Standards: Core Option. This 

report has also been prepared in accordance with the sustainability reporting requirements set out in the Listing 

Manual of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) (Rules 711A and 711B). We have continued 

to integrate the report with the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

REPORT CONTENT AND QUALITY

We have applied the GRI reporting principles of stakeholder inclusiveness, sustainability context, materiality and 

completeness to determine the topics for this report. As such, the report focuses on Excelpoint’s most significant 

economic, environmental, social and governance factors and stakeholder interests. We have applied GRI’s principles 

of accuracy, balance, clarity, comparability, reliability, and timeliness to ensure content quality. The data provided in 

this report has been extracted from official records to ensure accuracy and consistency.

All the data presented in the report use internationally accepted measurement units. Financial figures are in United 

States (US) dollars unless stated otherwise.

ABOUT THIS REPORT

We rely on our internal 

verification mechanism 

to ensure the accuracy 

and reliability of the 

data reported. Seeking 

external assurance for 

future reports remains 

under consideration.

EXTERNAL ASSURANCE

This report is available 

for download via our 

website at  

www.excelpoint.com

AVAILABILITY

There are no 

restatements in this 

report.

RESTATEMENTS

We welcome 

stakeholders’ feedback 

and suggestions. If you 

have any questions 

about this report,  

please contact us at  

sustainability@

excelpoint.com

CONTACT

BOARD STATEMENT

The Board of Directors of Excelpoint provides direction and oversight for managing the Group’s sustainability issues. 

The Board considers sustainability risks and opportunities as part of developing business strategies. The Board has 

determined the ESG factors presented in this report and provided oversight for the management and monitoring of 

these material ESG factors through periodic review of the key performance indicators. The Board has also endorsed 

this sustainability report.

The Excelpoint Group remains committed to conducting business with responsibility and integrity. The Group’s policies 

and practices are guided by its core values of passion, integrity, commitment and trust. The Group’s sustainability 

strategy builds on its well-established value-based management approach and focuses on the most significant ESG 

drivers for creating long-term value.

Innovation, risk management, sustainability planning, and nurturing human capital continue to be the Group’s main 

value drivers.


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

07

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE

At Excelpoint, the Board has oversight over sustainability issues and strategies. Under the Board’s guidance, the 

management develops and implements sustainability strategies, policies, key performance indicators, targets, and 

initiatives.

Our Sustainability Management Council (the “Council”) is responsible for driving sustainability strategies across the 

Group. Our Chairman &amp; Group CEO chairs the Council that comprises senior management representatives from major 

functions and departments. The Council oversees the preparation of the sustainability report and provides regular 

updates to the Board.

The Council is assisted by a Sustainability Reporting Project Team responsible for collecting, verifying and providing 

sustainability performance data for reporting. Representatives from various business units and functions are members 

of the project team.

Our Head of Corporate Development, who is also a member of this Council, oversees the development of the 

sustainability report.

ABOUT THIS REPORT

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT COUNCIL 

(chaired by Chairman and Group CEO)

COUNCIL MEMBERS

Executive Directors

Group Chief Financial Officer

Senior Vice President, Operations

Head, Corporate Development

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING PROJECT TEAM

Vice President, Business Development

Director, Field Applications 

Vice President, Product Marketing 

Vice President, Research and Development

Director, Sales 

Group Head, Human Resources and Administration

Manager, Management Information System 


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

08

SUSTAINABILITY PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW

ESG FACTORS

FY2020

FY2019

FY2018

ENVIRONMENTAL

Total electricity used (kWh)

551,745

977,130

964,375

Electricity used per employee (kWh)

816

1,350

1,282

Energy consumption (GJ)

2,177

4,035

4,258

Energy intensity (GJ/Employee)

3.2

5.6

5.7

Carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions (tCO2)

378

659

619

CO2 emissions intensity (tCO2/Employee)

0.56

0.91

0.82

SOCIAL

Employees

Total number of employees

676

724

752

Number of new hires

112

125

223

Female employees (%)

42.8

39.1

38.4

Female managers and supervisors (%)

18

25.9

31.9

Employee annual attrition rate (%)

22.6

20.8

21.4

Community

Community investment and donations to charities (US$)

70,381

95,242

84,923

GOVERNANCE

Confirmed incidents of corruption, bribery or fraud

Zero

Zero

Zero

FINANCIAL

Revenue (US$ ’000)

1,108,638

976,976

1,255,975

Cost of sales (US$ ’000)

(1,048,356)

(922,790)

(1,188,142)

Income tax expense (US$ ’000)

(1,726)

(336)

(293)

Profit after tax (US$ ’000)

10,339

1,599

8,103

Employee benefit expenses (US$ ’000)

(34,544)

(30,463)

(34,639)

Dividends declared and paid (US$ ’000)

NIL

3,501

4,028

Notes:

1. 

Energy and carbon dioxide emissions figures refer to purchased electricity, and diesel and petrol consumption.

2. 

Electricity consumption is significantly lower in FY2020 as more employees worked from homes amid the COVID-19 pandemic and the Company 

ceased warehouse operations in Singapore. Lower energy consumption has resulted in lower carbon emissions and energy use.

3. 

The Company declared first and final ordinary tax exempt one-tier dividend of S$0.03 per ordinary share (“Final dividend”) and special tax exempt 

one-tier dividend of S$0.015 per ordinary share (“Special dividend”) for financial year ended 31 December 2020. The Final dividend and Special 

dividend were paid in May 2021.

ABOUT THIS REPORT


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

09

Building long-term trusted relationships with our key stakeholders remains an essential aspect of our 

approach to business. Ongoing engagement with our stakeholders helps us understand and respond to 

their expectations and concerns.

We prioritise engagement with those stakeholders who may be impacted by our business operations or who may 

potentially affect our business through their opinions or actions. Our engagement with our key stakeholders is ongoing. 

We engaged internal stakeholders in preparing this report while considering the insights gathered by our senior 

management through their continued interactions with various stakeholders.

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, many engagement activities were affected such as trade exhibitions and other 

events involving in-person interactions. To adapt to these changes, we have adopted new digital ways to connect 

with our stakeholders that included virtual reality tradeshows, online webinars, video conferences and digital marketing 

initiatives. We have summarised our engagement with key stakeholders in the table below.

OUR

STAKEHOLDERS

STAKEHOLDER 

EXPECTATIONS

HOW WE ENGAGE

HOW WE RESPOND

CUSTOMERS

• Prompt customer service

• Rebates and material 

planning programme

• Reasonable payment 

terms

• Competitive pricing

• On-time delivery and 

services

• Technical support

• Quality control

• Trade exhibitions

• Sales calls

• Telemarketing

• Websites and online 

presence

• Regular meetings

• Quarterly/half-yearly 

business review

• Manage our key accounts

• Do active telemarketing

• Build stronger relationships 

with our customers

• Expand product lines

• Conduct regular internal 

management reviews to 

ensure we are fulfilling the 

needs of our customers

• Provide timely feedback

EMPLOYEES

• Career growth

• Training opportunities

• Competitive salaries and 

incentives

• A pleasant and safe 

working environment

• Welfare

• Flexible working hours

• Regular internal 

communications 

through an intranet 

platform

• Annual performance 

appraisal

• Half-yearly internal 

reviews

• Welfare and social 

activities

• Monthly newsletters

• Ensure effective human 

resource policies and staff 

welfare

• Provide a performance 

bonus, sales incentives, 

and long service awards

• Offer an employee share 

programme, a performance 

management system, and 

training and development 

opportunities

• Establish a recreation club

• Provide tier-based working 

hours

SHAREHOLDERS 

AND INVESTORS

• Business growth

• Consistent dividends

• Profitability

• Transparency

• Risk management

• Corporate governance

• Annual General 

Meeting

• Announcement of 

Half-yearly financial 

results

• News Release 

updates on business

• SGX filings

• Annual reports

• Sustainability reports

• Practise good corporate 

governance

• Manage risks and 

opportunities

• Ensure sustainable 

business growth

STAKEHOLDERS


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

10

STAKEHOLDERS

OUR

STAKEHOLDERS

STAKEHOLDER 

EXPECTATIONS

HOW WE ENGAGE

HOW WE RESPOND

PRINCIPALS

• Good credibility and 

image to suppliers

• Good product quality at 

all times

• On-time payments

• Value-added products

• Good regulation of 

business practices

• Frequent product 

promotion

• Sufficient stocks

• Joint visits for 

customer engagement

• Meetings to 

understand the needs 

of principals and 

customers

• Meet sales targets and 

promotional goals

• Set quarterly reviews on 

key suppliers

• Manage the expectations 

of suppliers and 

customers

GOVERNMENT AND 

REGULATORS

• Regulatory compliance

• Seminars

• Meetings

• Relevant government 

association 

memberships

• Frequent 

communication with 

relevant parties

• Ensure compliance with 

applicable laws

• Participate in 

consultations, surveys, 

forums, and roundtables

• Participate in networking 

sessions and talks held 

by the government to 

understand industry 

regulations and share our 

perspectives

COMMUNITY

• Responsible business 

practices

• Support community 

projects

• Meetings with 

different non-profit 

organisations to learn 

about areas in which 

the Company can 

assist

• Participation in 

corporate social 

responsibility activities

• Support community 

programmes aimed at the 

welfare of children and 

youth

• Collaborations with 

different community 

groups

INDUSTRY 

ASSOCIATIONS

• Participation through 

memberships, seminars, 

conferences, and 

dialogues organised by 

the associations

• Meetings with industry 

bodies

• Participation in trade 

exhibitions in different 

countries, such as 

China and India

• Join trade associations as 

a member

• Participate actively in 

industry initiatives

MEDIA

• Timely information about 

company affairs that are 

of public interest

• Prompt response to 

media enquiries

• Regular press releases 

and briefings

• Provide updates on the 

Company’s financial 

performance and other 

significant events


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

11

STAKEHOLDERS

MEMBERSHIP OF ASSOCIATIONS

We support the following industry associations through membership and subscriptions and participate in industry 

dialogues hosted by them:

• Singapore Business Federation

• Singapore National Employers Federation

AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS

Over the years, we have received several accolades for our business excellence from our stakeholders and other 

organisations. Our most recent awards and recognition are listed below.

FY2020

Award Titles

Presented By

Distributor Excellence Award

Nova Electronics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.

Supplier Excellence Award

Hunan Next Generation Instrumental T&amp;C Tech

Co Ltd

Supplier Excellence Award

Shenzhen Huaptec Co., Ltd

LED Market Development Award

Seoul Semiconductor

Distributor Excellence Award

SIMCom Wireless Solutions Co., Ltd.

2020 Outstanding International Branded Distributor Award

AspenCore

Listed in ESMC 2019 Global Distributor Revenue Top 86, 

Ranked #23

ESM China (Trade Publication)

Ten-Year Partnership Award

Seoul Semiconductor

Best Collaboration Award

CSG Smart Electrical Technology Co Ltd

Best Supplier Award

Sinier (Nanjing) Process Control Co., Ltd.

2019 Best Supplier

Zhuhai Gopower Smart Grid Co., Ltd.

Microchip Award 2019 - West China 2019 Net

New Revenue NO.3

Microchip Technology Inc.

Microchip Award 2019 – West China 2019 Business Drive 

Growth NO.2

Microchip Technology Inc.

2019 Strategic Partner

Shenzhen Xinzhongxin Technology Co. Ltd.

Partnership Award 2020

Microchip Technology Inc.

FY2019

Award Titles

Presented By

Best Demand Creation Partner and Technical Qualification

TE Sensor Solutions (TESS)

Ranked #12 in the 2019 Top Global Distributors

EPS News

Best Demand Creation 2018 – South Asia

Microchip Technology Incorporated

Best Demand Creation 2018 – ASEAN

Microchip Technology Incorporated

Supplier Excellence Award 2018

Sunitec Enterprise Co., Ltd

Best Overseas Business Development Partner Award 2018

Bright Power Semiconductor Co., Ltd.


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

12

STAKEHOLDERS

FY2018

Award Titles

Presented By

Best Business Growth Partner 2018

TE Connectivity Sensor Solutions

Best Marketing Effort Partner 2018

TE Connectivity Sensor Solutions

Distributor Award of Excellence

Qualcomm

Ranked #13 in the 2018 Top Global Distributors

EPS News

2018 Top 10 International Branded Distributor

Electronics Supply &amp; Manufacturing – China (a 

leading electronics management magazine in China)

2018 Excellent Innovative Franchised Semiconductor 

Distributor in China

China Electronics Distributor Association

2018 Excellent Supplier Award

Siglent Technologies Co., Ltd

2018 Excellent Supplier Award

CYG Sunri Co., Ltd

FT1000 High-Growth Companies Asia-Pacific 2018

Financial Times

Distributor Award of Excellence 2017

Qualcomm Technologies International, Ltd.

2018 Spirit of Microchip Award

Microchip Technology (India) Pvt Ltd

2017 Partnership in Excellence Award

Bourns Inc.

Supplier Excellence Award 2017

Sunitec Enterprise Co., Ltd.

Singapore 1000 Company 2018

DP Information Group

Singapore 1000 Company – Public listed Company 2018

DP Information Group

2017 Excellent Distributor Award

Samsung Asia Pte. Ltd.

2017 Excellent Sales Partner Award

Samsung Electro-Mechanics Pte. Ltd.

For the complete list of awards over the years, 

please visit https://www.excelpoint.com/about-us/corporate/milestones


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

13

We are committed to creating sustainable value for our stakeholders and shareholders.

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

Our sustainability strategy focuses on managing our economic, environmental and social impacts, risks and opportunities. 

We use the GRI principles of stakeholder inclusiveness, materiality, sustainability context and completeness to identify 

sustainability topics for reporting. In line with the GRI principles, we prioritise sustainability topics based on the 

significance of their impacts and the expectations of our stakeholders. In identifying material topics for reporting, we 

also consider the broader sustainability trends and emerging issues relevant to our business. Complying with GRI’s 

completeness principle, we report our performance on all topics considered material.

We continue to integrate the UN Sustainable Development Goals (“SDGs”) into our sustainability reporting to underline 

our contribution to sustainable development.

Assisted by our Sustainability Management Council, the Board of Directors, reviews and determines material ESG 

factors for sustainability reporting.

MATERIAL TOPICS

In 2020, we reviewed our material topics. Based on the latest review, we have identified innovation, economic 

performance, diversity, anti-corruption and regulatory compliance as the most material ESG topics for our reporting. 

We will also continue to report on energy consumption, greenhouse gas emissions, employee training, employment and 

employee well-being, human rights and marketing and labelling which are considered important, but not material. We 

have also reclassified occupational health and safety as an important topic but not relatively material. Our occupational 

health and safety hazards were mainly associated with our warehousing operations which we ceased in 2020. The rest 

of our operations primarily comprise trading, distribution, research, and development, all in an office-based environment. 

We source all products and components used in our solutions from our principals, who themselves are large 

organisations with a public commitment to sustainability. We have almost no control over their policies and practices. 

Our reporting, therefore, focuses on the direct economic, environmental and social impacts of our operations.

The table below outlines our material sustainability impacts and their boundaries:

MATERIAL ESG FACTORS

MATERIAL TOPICS

WHERE THE IMPACT 

OCCURS

MANAGEMENT APPROACH

Environment

Innovation*

In our business where we 

believe that the technologies we 

develop can play a part towards 

a cleaner environment.

Continuous innovation is 

necessary for us to stay ahead 

of the curve, but at the same 

time, we are dedicated to 

develop innovative solutions and 

be an enabler towards smart 

sustainability.

Energy Consumption

In our buildings and offices from 

the use of electricity and fuels 

used in company vehicles

Adopt energy efficiency 

measures where possible, 

increase employee awareness 

about energy saving

Greenhouse Gas (“GHG”) Emissions

Results from the use of 

electricity and vehicle fuel

Reduce emissions intensity 

through energy efficiency 

and alternative energy where 

possible

SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

14

SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY

MATERIAL ESG FACTORS

MATERIAL TOPICS

WHERE THE IMPACT 

OCCURS

MANAGEMENT APPROACH

PEOPLE

Supporting Diversity*

In our workforce

Nurture an inclusive, caring

and enabling workplace where

employees of all ages and 

races have ample personal and 

professional development

opportunities to perform their

best

Employee Well-being

In our workforce

Focus on ensuring employees’ 

safety and mental well-being, 

and providing a safe and open 

work environment

CUSTOMERS

Marketing and Labelling

In our sales, marketing and 

packaging operations

Comply with product labelling 

and information rules, 

regulations and industry 

standards

COMMUNITY

Local Communities*

Underserved communities 

where we make charitable 

contributions

Adopt corporate social 

responsibility programmes to 

support local communities

ECONOMIC

Economic Performance*

Our financial performance has 

an impact on our investors 

and shareholders, principals, 

employees, governments and 

local communities

Create sustainable value for 

shareholders and stakeholders

Anti-corruption*

With an international business 

operation, corruption risk 

mitigation at all levels of the 

organisation is a significant 

issue for us

Zero tolerance for corruption, 

bribery and fraud

Regulatory Compliance*

Lawfully conducting our 

business is critical for our 

corporate reputation

Ensure compliance with 

applicable laws, including socio-

economic and environmental 

regulations

* 

Most important material aspects for the organisation and will be used for target setting, as detailed in the next sections


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

15

SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY

UN SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS

Ratified by the United Nations General Assembly in September 2015, the UN SDGs represent a roadmap for 

governments, businesses and civil society to achieve inclusive global prosperity by 2030. We recognise businesses 

can play a critical role in achieving the SDGs. We have mapped our material factors over the 17 SDGs to identify the 

most relevant Goals for aligning our sustainability reporting. In this report, we have continued to integrate the UN SDGs 

into our sustainability reporting.

How our material ESG topics link with some of the specific SDG targets is illustrated below.

MATERIAL ESG 

FACTORS

GRI STANDARDS

SDG TARGETS SUPPORTED

SDGs

Energy

GRI 302: Energy 2016

7.3 By 2030, double the global rate 

of improvement in energy efficiency

9.4 By 2030, upgrade infrastructure 

and retrofit industries to make them 

sustainable, with increased resource-

use efficiency and greater adoption 

of clean and environmentally 

sound technologies and industrial 

processes, with all countries taking 

action in accordance with their 

respective capabilities



GHG Emissions

GRI 305: Emissions 2016

13.1 Strengthen resilience and 

adaptive capacity to climate-related 

hazards and natural disasters in all 

countries

Employment

GRI 401: Employment 2016

8.5 By 2030, achieve full and 

productive employment and decent 

work for all women and men, 

including for young people and 

persons with disabilities, and equal 

pay for work of equal value

Employee Training

GRI 404: Training and 

Education 2016

4.3 By 2030, ensure equal access to 

for all women and men to affordable 

and quality technical, vocational 

and tertiary education, including 

university


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

16

MATERIAL ESG 

FACTORS

GRI STANDARDS

SDG TARGETS SUPPORTED

SDGs

Marketing and 

Labelling

GRI 417: Marketing and 

Labelling 2016

16.3 Promote the rule of law at the 

national and international levels and 

ensure equal access to justice for all

Economic 

Performance

GRI 201: Economic 

Performance 2016

8.2 Achieve higher levels of 

economic productivity through 

diversification, technological 

upgrading and innovation, including 

through a focus on high-value added 

and labour-intensive sectors

Anti-Corruption

GRI 205: Anti-Corruption 

2016

16.5 Substantially reduce corruption 

and bribery in all their forms

16.6 Develop effective, accountable 

and transparent institutions at all 

levels

Regulatory 

Compliance

GRI 419: Socioeconomic 

Compliance 2016  

GRI 307: Environmental 

Compliance 2016

16.3 Promote the rule of law at the 

national and international levels and 

ensure equal access to justice for all  

16.6 Develop effective, accountable 

and transparent institutions at all 

levels

SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

17

MARKETPLACE

Our innovative solutions developed in partnership with our principals complement 

our customers’ products and offerings and help improve their operational efficiency 

and cost-effectiveness.

Excelpoint is a leading regional electronic components distributor specialising in quality components, engineering design 

services and supply chain management. Nurturing trusted relationships with original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”), 

original design manufacturers (“ODMs”), and electronics manufacturing services (“EMS”) providers are essential for our 

business success.

OUR SOLUTIONS

We offer a wide range of solutions in the consumer and industrial categories. Our solutions are backed by over three 

decades of deep experience, expertise, and research and development. We work closely with our partners to bring the 

latest technology to our customers.

Our primary solutions include wireless audio, wearable devices and accessories, automotive, smart homes, and power 

distribution and transmission.

Product Category

Our Solutions

IOT, ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AND FAR-FIELD 

VOICE TECHNOLOGY

System-on-module for:

• Smart speaker

• Smart speaker development kit

• Voice assistant headset

WIRELESS AUDIO

Examples of applications:

• Portable wireless speaker

• Wireless music headphone

• Mini combo

• Soundbar and wireless subwoofer

• Audio transmitter dongle

• Wireless solutions

• Consumer wireless audio solutions

Examples of applications:

• Bluetooth Low Energy (“BLE”) remote control for TV 

and audio devices

• TWS wireless headset with sensors

• Smart speakers with voice assistance

• Wireless headset with voice assistance

WEARABLE DEVICES AND ACCESSORIES

• Wearables and smart accessories for iPhones and iPads

• Solutions for Bluetooth-enabled massage chairs and 

lost-and-found tags

• Entry-level and mid-tier platforms for wearables and 

smart accessories applications

AUTOMOTIVE

• Reference car infotainment system and core board

• Qi-compliant wireless charging solutions

SMART HOMES

• Wireless sensors

• Wireless controls

• BLE mesh network platforms

Connectivity solutions for smart homes:

• BLE module

• Bluetooth module

• BLE/Bluetooth combo module

• Embedded Wi-Fi module

• Sub-GHz module

POWER DISTRIBUTION AND TRANSMISSION

• Distribution automation control

• Motor control

• Photovoltaic inverter control

• Other embedded control applications

You can read more about our business lines, products and services in our Annual Report 2020 on page [4-5].


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

18

MARKETPLACE

PROMOTING QUALITY CULTURE

Building and supporting a quality culture is at the core of our quality policy. We are committed to adhering to the highest 

quality standards to serve our principals and customers. Our quality management system is certified to ISO 9001 

standards. The quality management system allows us to maintain consistently high standards and make continuous 

improvements in our processes.

Also, we invest in ongoing training and education of our employees in their fields to ensure the high quality of our products 

and services.

INVESTING IN RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT (“R&amp;D”)

We continuously invest in building up our R&amp;D capabilities to drive innovation and to create cost-effective solutions for 

our customers. Our R&amp;D centres in Singapore and China are supported by our dedicated team of professional engineers 

who have extensive experience in the connectivity segment. One of our key R&amp;D goals is to add value to our suppliers 

and customers by creating reference designs.

Our strength lies in our ability to provide our principals and customers with a wide range of innovative technological 

solutions to shorten the entry-to-market time at a more competitive cost. We offer innovative applications and solutions by 

leveraging on the most advanced technologies from our principals and by integrating the strengths of different principals.

Our R&amp;D team focuses on innovating new technologies that solve our customers’ problems. Our R&amp;D experts stay abreast 

with market trends to develop required technology solutions and working closely with our suppliers. Over the years, we 

have excelled in communication technologies such as Bluetooth, BLE, Wi-Fi, near field communication, wireless charging 

and wireless audio, which prepares us for the next wave of technology – the world of Internet of Things (“IoT”).










EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

19

PLANETSPARK INNOVATION CENTRE

Excelpoint’s subsidiary, PlanetSpark Pte. Ltd., (“PlanetSpark”), is our entrepreneurial and strategic investment arm, that 

is dedicated to helping Artificial Intelligence of Things (“AIoT”) hardware start-ups develop market-deployable solutions 

that can be commercialised.

In 2020, we set up the PlanetSpark Innovation Centre. The new centre will showcase the latest technologies from our 

strategic suppliers, as well as demonstrate our competitive strengths in custom solutions that target the artificial intelligence 

(“AI”) and IoT hardware market. The facility is designed to provide a simulated environment in which our partners and 

potential customers can have an immersive experience into the functionality and practicality of various applications. Our 

work in the centre have focused on nurturing start-ups within the fields of Smart Building, Systems and Security, Smart 

Sustainability, and Smart Healthtech. Our hardware niche will allow us to work closely with these start-ups to tackle real 

world problem statements in these arenas.

We have long recognised the importance of innovation to stay competitive. In 2017, we built a Far-field Voice Technology 

(“FFVT”) lab to better cater to our customers in the field of advanced AI speech recognition technology and other voice-

activated smart applications. Established in collaboration with our partners, this is the first-of-its-kind lab in Singapore 

that will serve as a standards-based facility for both local and global companies to augment their products with FFVT 

functionalities for spurring greater market demand in the shortest time possible.

Our Ongoing Target 

Performance in FY2020

We aim to nurture at least 2 companies within our Smart 

Sustainability pillar in the innovation centre in 2021.

NA, as innovation centre was just set up.

MARKETPLACE














EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

20

MARKETPLACE

PROVIDING CUSTOMER SERVICE

Providing our customers with prompt service and exceeding their expectations remains our topmost priority. We have 

implemented standard operating procedures to address our customers’ needs promptly. We maintain close relationships 

with our customers to provide them with intensive frontline technical support.





Excelpoint’s first 3D Virtual Reality Tradeshow at Smart ConnecTech Asia 2020.

DELIVERING CUSTOMER 

SATISFACTION

Our quarterly customer feedback surveys help us understand 

their expectations. Our teams review the survey results to 

identify the strengths and improvement areas and develop 

strategies to rectify processes to enhance our customer 

relations and experiences. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, 

we have partnered with our suppliers closely to organise 

virtual webinars and tradeshows. These emphasise our 

value-add to our stakeholders.

PROTECTING PERSONAL DATA

We are committed to safeguarding the personal data of our employees and other stakeholders. We have implemented 

the necessary measures to protect our employees, suppliers, and customers’ privacy and protect their personal data. In 

line with our Personal Data Protection Policy, only authorised personnel have access to personal data.

In Singapore, we abide by the Personal Data Protection Act. Our Personal Data Protection Policy governs the collection, 

use, disclosure and care of personal data. In other countries where we operate, we also comply with applicable laws 

relating to personal data protection.

There were no complaints received concerning breaches of customer privacy during the reported period.

PROTECTING INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

We have implemented a range of measures to protect our intellectual property. We require our employees to agree and 

sign our Non-Disclosure Agreement before they commence work. Employees are required to comply with the terms and 

conditions in the Agreement, such as confidentiality of Excelpoint’s information and software programmes, confidential 

third-party information, and ownership of post-employment inventions.



Excelpoint delivering a technical webinar on solutions based on 

our principal’s products.


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

21

PEOPLE

Our approach is to attract, retain and develop the best talent to serve our customers professionally.

We aim to provide an inspiring and inclusive workplace where our people can 

realise their full potential. Our human resource policies and strategies are aimed 

at attracting and retaining the best talent. Hiring highly skilled, talented and 

experienced people is vital to maintaining high standards of customer service. 

Investing in people development is an essential part of our human capital management. We support the ongoing personal 

and professional growth of our employees. Regular training helps us develop the expertise to stay at the forefront of 

technological advancements in our sector.

We periodically review our human resource policies to meet the expectations of our employees.

EMPLOYMENT

At the end of FY2020, we employed 676 full-time employees. Permanent employees represented 57.5% of our workforce, 

with the rest being fixed-term contract and temporary staff. Hong Kong and China accounted for 63.9% of our workforce, 

followed by Singapore, where 20.1% of our employees are based.

HIRING AND TURNOVER

We hired 112 new employees in 2020. Hong Kong and The People’s Republic of China accounted for 55.4% of the new 

hiring, followed by Singapore with a 19.6% share.

During the year, 154 permanent employees left the organisation. Our overall turnover rate was 22.6% in 2020, slightly 

higher than the figure of 20.8% for the previous year. We continuously review our attrition rate and review how it is 

benchmarked with the industry. We then take the necessary measures to retain the right talent. 

PROTECTING PEOPLE AMID THE PANDEMIC

Employee well-being has always been a key to the Group. In our Singapore office, we have taken a meticulous approach 

to prioritise the physical and mental well-being of all our colleagues. We monitor the COVID-19 situation closely in the 

countries we operate in and have put in place new work-from-home structure for the convenience of our colleagues. We 

remained commited to protecting the jobs of our people and took this chance to enhance our talent development and 

incentive initiatives as part of our plans to build, nurture and align the next generation of leaders, who play a key role in 

the sustainability of Excelpoint.

EMPLOYEE WELL-BEING

Besides provision of medical benefits, Excelpoint often collaborate with partners to provide healthcare talks for our 

colleagues. Similarly, with the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have been ensuring our employees’ safety and 

mental well-being. The company constantly ensures good communication, open engagements as well as ensuring our 

employees feel at ease. Social isolation, employment uncertainty and the virus itself have changed the notion of health 

and well-being of people around the world. At Excelpoint, we assured our colleagues that we will protect their jobs and 

do what we can to make work arrangements safe for all.


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

22

HEALTH AND SAFETY

We are committed to ensuring the safety, health and well-being of our employees at work. Our approach is to prevent and 

mitigate safety and health risks through effective risk management. Our target is to maintain a zero accident workplace.

Based on a risk assessment to identify potential workplace safety and health hazards, we have implemented the necessary 

preventive measures. A safety committee consisting of representatives from all departments and our senior management 

reviews safety standards, systems and performances periodically.

Our office in Singapore has obtained BizSafe Level 3 certification awarded by the Workplace Safety and Health Council, 

based on an audit conducted by an approved third-party assessor.

In 2020, there were no incidents of severe or fatal workplace injuries.

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

We regularly benchmark our employee compensation 

against industry practice. Our full-time employees receive 

competitive wages and benefits. Benefits offered to our 

permanent staff include paid annual leave, insurance 

coverage, an employee share option scheme for our long-

serving staff, medical, dental and specialist outpatient 

benefits, staggered work schedules for our support team, 

and recreational facilities.

EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT

We believe employee engagement is crucial for maintaining 

motivation, productivity, teamwork, and workplace 

harmony. It is our policy to encourage open communication 

CEO dialogues. We also engage our people through 

upskilling programmes, career growth opportunities, tier-

based working hours, and recreational activities such 

as festival celebrations (e.g. Chinese New Year and 

Christmas), bowling, futsal, movie screenings, and local 

and overseas bonding trips. In 2020, some of these 

activities were affected due to the pandemic.

PEOPLE



Celebrating Chinese New Year at Excelpoint in Singapore before the COVID-19 pandemic.






EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

23

PEOPLE

SUPPORTING DIVERSITY

We are committed to promoting diversity, inclusivity and equality at the workplace where everyone has opportunities 

for progress. We employ a multinational and multi-racial workforce that reflects the diverse markets we serve. We are 

particularly supportive of advancing women in our workforce, management and governance. There is one woman director 

on our eight-member Board.

The proportion of women in our workforce has continually increased over the years. Women employees represented 

42.8% of the total employee base in 2020, up from 39.1% in 2019. In senior management, women occupied 25% of 

the positions, up from 22% reported for 2019. Women also held 18% of the managerial roles. Among the new hires in 

2020, the share of women was 37.5%.

At the same time, with the PlanetSpark Innovation Centre in place, we are looking to attract a more diversed talent pool. 

This would require culture shifts but it will be key for innovation to take place. Since we have placed innovation as a key 

to our sustained growth, our search for good talents in the innovation and engineering area is important. We hope to 

grow our Research and Development Team by 5% to aid with our new pillars of growth.

Our Ongoing Annual Target

Performance in 2020

Supporting Diversity

We hope to expand our engineering capabilities and team 

by 5%, in line  with our plans to develop more innovative 

solutions and value-add to our partners.

NA, as it is a new target set.

PERFORMANCE APPRAISAL AND MANAGEMENT

An objective and fair performance management system is fundamental to recognising and rewarding performance and 

developing people. A formal performance appraisal is conducted once a year for all employees. The assessment evaluates 

an employee’s job performance, growth and development, and potential and unique skills and talents useful for the 

organisation. The process begins with employees carrying out a self-appraisal followed by assessment and feedback by 

their supervisors. Also, managers engage their staff in development discussions throughout the year.





Celebrating Diwali festival at Excelpoint New Delhi, India, during the COVID-19 pandemic.


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

24

PEOPLE

HUMAN RIGHTS

We are committed to upholding internationally accepted human rights principles. Our policies prohibit child labour, forced 

or compulsory labour, and discrimination. In our assessment, human rights risk within our organization is negligible.

There were no reported incidents of child labour, forced or compulsory labour and discrimination in the reported period. 

We respect our employees’ right to freedom of association and collective bargaining in accordance with local laws. 

Currently, our employees are not covered by any collective bargaining agreement.

DEVELOPING PEOPLE

Regular upgrading of skills is crucial for our business success due to constant technological advancements and innovation 

in our industry sector. To keep pace with new technologies, we invest in continuous training of our people. Our employees 

attend external as well as in-house or on the job training regularly. They also attend conferences to stay updated on the 

latest developments and future trends.

In 2020, the disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic affected our training plans. We provided a total of 141 

hours of training to our employees compared with 538 hours in 2019. The average hours of training for male and female 

employees were one hour each.

The workshops and webinars attended by our staff in 2020 included ISO9001:2015 Awareness Training, Building 

Supply Chain Resilience, ISO9001:2015 QMS &amp; Internal Quality Auditor Training, Accessing Analog Devices Virtual Field 

Applications Training, and SNEF-SBF Webinar on National Wages Council (NWC) 2020/2021 Supplementary Guidelines 

for 2020/2021.

Our target is to continue providing our employees with the opportunities to enhance and improve themselves. As the 

COVID-19 situation continues to evolve around the globe, we hope to use more digital approaches such as webinars for 

employee training. The digital approaches would enable us to achieve the same goal without compromising the health 

and safety of our employees.

Long Service Award 2020 ceremony before the COVID-19 pandemic.






EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

25

PEOPLE

OUR WORKPLACE PERFORMANCE SUMMARY

Senior 

Management

Middle 

Management

Executive

WORKFORCE BY EMPLOYMENT 

TYPE – FY2020

GENDER DIVERSITY – FY2020

GENDER DIVERSITY BY EMPLOYMENT 

CATEGORY – FY2020

WORKFORCE BY EMPLOYMENT 

CATEGORY – 2020

AGE DIVERSITY – FY2020

EMPLOYEES BY REGION – FY2020

42.3%

42.8%

50.0%

9.3%

9.3%

6.0%

0.7%

57.6%

57.2%

33.7%

74.7%

63.9%

16.3%

16.0%

20.1%

 Permanent     

 Fixed-term Contract

 Temporary

 Male     

 Female

 Male     

 Female

 Senior Management     

 Middle Management

 Executives

 Under 30 years old     

 30 to 50 years old

 Over 50 years old

 Singapore     

 Hong Kong and China     

 India

 Southeast Asia (Excluding Singapore)     

 Others







25.0%

75.0%

29.7%

70.3%

52.6%

47.4%









0.1%




EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

26

PEOPLE





















FY2020

FY2020





FY2019

FY2019

EMPLOYEE ATTRITION RATE BY GENDER

EMPLOYEE ATTRITION RATE BY AGE

 Male     

 Female

 Under 30 years old     

 30 to 50 years old

 Over 50 years old

13.7%

27.7%

16.1%

9.8%

29.1%

20.2%

31.7%

23.9%

20.9%

26.0%





FY2018

FY2018

16.6%

11.5%

24.4%

21.0%

26.4%



NEW HIRES BY AGE GROUP

NEW HIRES BY REGION – FY2020

EMPLOYEE ATTRITION RATE BY REGION

11.6%

55.4%

19.6%

3.6%

 Singapore     

 Hong Kong and China     

 India

 Southeast Asia (Excluding Singapore)     

 Others

9.8%

NEW HIRES BY GENDER

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

 Under 30 years old     

 30 to 50 years old

 Over 50 years old

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

 Male     

 Female

78

145

40

85

42

70

FY2020

25.7%

20.0%

80.0%

 Singapore  

 Hong Kong and China  

 India

 Southeast Asia (Excluding Singapore)  

 Others









19.7%

33.9%

FY2019

22.3%

21.6%

60.0%









19.2%

25.4%

FY2018

17.4%

6.8%

1.9%









66.5%

7.4%

137

79

7

78

7

40

72

33

7










EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

27

ENVIRONMENT

We are committed to minimising our environmental footprint through the efficient use and conservation 

of our resources.

As a trading, distribution and research and development business, our direct environmental 

footprint is relatively small. The main environmental impact of our operations arises from 

electricity consumption in our offices, fuel consumption in transportation for deliveries, 

packaging, and general waste generated from the re-packaging of goods.

Our policy is to minimise the impact of our business activities on the environment. All of our offices are located in 

rented properties where we have little or no control over energy efficiency. In some places, the landlords include the 

energy cost into their rent without indicating the actual energy use. However, we are committed to do our best to 

minimise energy consumption where possible. Our efforts focus on prudent energy use and GHG emission reductions. 

We monitor and review our energy consumption and carbon emissions to evaluate our performance regularly. Where 

possible, we would explore using renewable energy to reduce our footprint.

CLIMATE CHANGE

We recognise the urgent need to mitigate climate risks and meet the Paris Agreement’s goal of limiting the global rise in 

temperature to well under 2°C from pre-industrial levels. We support industry-wide initiatives undertaken by electronics 

manufacturers, many of them are our principals or customers, to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. The R&amp;D efforts 

in the electronics sector are already focusing on developing environmentally smart technologies as detailed under the 

“PlanetSpark Innovation Centre” Section, we hope to work with our principals and suppliers, as well as the new start-ups 

to develop more energy-efficient solutions for a cleaner environment.

ENERGY

We regularly measure, monitor and review how we use electricity across our offices to find ways to lower consumption. 

Our employees do their part by turning off lights and air-conditioning in offices when they are not in use to save energy.

This report includes electricity, diesel, and fuel consumption data. In 2020, we purchased 551,745 kWh of electricity, 

while the electricity intensity was 816 kWh per employee. The electricity use in 2020 was lower by 44% compared 

to 2019 as we ceased warehouse operations, and most of our employees worked from home due to government-

imposed restrictions and lockdowns to control the COVID-19 outbreak. Hong Kong and China accounted for 54.7% 

of the total electricity used, followed by Singapore, with a 36.8% share. The energy intensity was 3.2GJ per employee 

in 2020 compared with 5.6 GJ in 2019.

CARBON DIOXIDE EMISSIONS

Our carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions originate from electricity consumption within our facilities and fuel combustion in 

our vehicles. We regularly monitor our carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions. In line with the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol, 

we report our Scope 1 and Scope 2 carbon dioxide emissions and exclude fugitive emissions from refrigerant gases 

that are not material due to minimal amount.

In 2020, our total CO2 emissions from electricity, diesel and petrol consumption amounted to 378 tCO2. For the same 

period, our CO2 emission intensity was 0.56 tCO2 per employee.

Overall, the energy consumption and the related carbon emissions were comparatively lower in 2020 as we discontinued 

our warehouse facilities and outsourced the operations to an external service provider.

GENERAL WASTE

Our waste is mostly non-hazardous, mainly packaging materials, including cartons, plastic, strings, plastic wraps, 

wooden pallets, and paper. We make efforts to minimise, recycle and reuse waste where possible. We dispose of our 

waste through licensed contractors.








EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

28

OUR ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE SUMMARY

ENVIRONMENT

FY2018

FY2018

FY2018

FY2018

FY2018

FY2018

964,375

1,282

0.82

5.7

FY2019

FY2019

FY2019

FY2019

FY2019

FY2019

FY2020

FY2020

FY2020

FY2020

FY2020

FY2020

TOTAL ELECTRICITY CONSUMPTION

CARBON DIOXIDE EMISSIONS (tCO2)

ENERGY CONSUMPTION (GJ)

ELECTRICITY INTENSITY

CARBON EMISSION INTENSITY

ENERGY INTENSITY

 kWh

 Mobile Combustion (Scope 1)

 Purchased Electricity (Scope 2)

 Diesel     

 Petrol     

 Electricity

 kWh Per Employee

 tCO2 Per Employee

 GJ Per Employee













977,130

557

62

1,350

0.91

5.6













551,745

365

624

13

35

816

0.56

3.2













507

279

3,472

17

302

173

215

1,987

3,518


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

29

COMMUNITY

We are committed to playing our part in supporting local communities through charitable contributions 

and employee volunteering.

Firmly believing in “We Share, We Care”, we set aside a budget every year to give back to society. Our corporate 

social responsibility programmes comprise supporting education, forging collaborative partnerships, and providing 

opportunities for employee volunteering. Our initiatives focus on helping children and youths and building the next 

generation of leaders. Our employees actively participate in community volunteering efforts.

Our Ongoing Annual Target

Performance in 2020

We believe in giving back to our community, and target to 

put aside 1% of our PAT to help our communities in 2021.

Through our initiatives in the educational and social areas, 

we invested S$93,044 (US$70,381) to support a range of 

programmes benefitting the local communities.

A summary of our community initiatives over the past three years presented below:

FY2020

• Sowers Action Sending Love Programme: We donated S$6,156 (HK$36,000) to purchase 300 jackets for needy 

school children in Qinghai, China.

• UOB Singapore Chinese New Year Donation Drive: We donated S$26,888 for the chosen beneficiaries:

– The Business Times Budding Artists Fund

– The Straits Times School Pocket Money Fund

– UOB-SMU Asian Enterprise Institute

The Business Times Budding Artists Fund supports and nurtures Singapore’s next generation of artists and creative 

professionals. The Straits Times School Pocket Money Fund supports children from financially disadvantaged 

backgrounds. UOB-SMU Asian Enterprise Institute supports local small and medium-sized enterprise (SME) in 

innovation.

• National University of Singapore’s Innovation &amp; Design Centric Programme (iDCP): Since 2017, Excelpoint has 

supported students’ projects through sponsorship totaling S$300K. With this sponsorship, students would be 

able to engineer and market new ideas, products and technologies that could improve lives, enhance productivity, 

create opportunities and a better future for Singapore.


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

30

COMMUNITY

FY2019

• In our continued support to the National University of Singapore’s Innovation &amp; Design-Centric Programme (“iDCP’), 

Excelpoint provided sponsorship of S$60,000 towards students’ emerging engineering and technological projects.

• We supported UOB Singapore’s Chinese New Year 2019 Donation Drive through a gift of S$20,888, where the 

event proceeds benefited Central Singapore Community Development Council, The Business Times Budding Artists 

Fund, The Straits Times School Pocket Money Fund, and The Red Pencil Singapore. In addition, we participated 

in the annual golf charity event for a donation of S$15,000.

• In collaboration with Singapore Management University, we made a gift for S$5,000 towards the university’s 

Excelpoint Resilience Award. This award will assist students who require financial assistance while achieving good 

academic standing.

• At Excelpoint, we believe the youths are our future and key to the next generation. We support Halogen Foundation 

and its youth empowerment programmes to provide for every young person. We sponsored S$5,000 at Halogen 

Foundation’s Charity Golf Challenge to support the latter’s efforts to help youths in need.

• In the heart of helping the communities, we made gifts to SP Heartware Fund worth S$10,000 to support needy 

elderly Singaporeans under Community Chest. We provided a grant of $8,000 to Siaw Lim Hood Sun Thong Temple.

• We extended our support to Sowers Action in China through its Sowers Action Sending Love Programme, where we 

donated approximately S$6,300 (HK$36,000) to purchase 345 jackets for needy school children in Qinghai, China.









Community programmes for Sowers Action in China


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

31

COMMUNITY

FY2018

• Supporting Singapore Management University since 2014, our Excelpoint Bursary has continued into its fifth and 

final year, disbursing S$260,000 over five years for disadvantaged students to pursue their studies without financial 

worries.

• Since 2017, we have been funding the National University of Singapore (“NUS”) ‘s Innovation &amp; Design Programme 

(“iDP”) (formerly known as Innovation &amp; Design Centric Programme) to support students’ engineering and technology 

projects through sponsorship of S$300,000 (to be disbursed over five years).

• We supported UOB Singapore’s Chinese New Year 2018 Donation Drive through a donation of S$20,888, where 

the event proceeds benefited Central Singapore Community Development Council, The Business Times Budding 

Artists Fund, The Straits Times School Pocket Money Fund, and The Red Pencil Singapore.

• We extended our support to Sowers Action in China through the following two programmes:

– Sowers Action Challenging 12 Hours Charity Marathon, where we donated approximately S$2,320 (HK$13,500) 

and actively participated in the 12km and 26km marathons.

– Sowers Action Sending Love Programme, where we donated approximately S$6,185 (HK$36,000) to purchase 

432 jackets for needy school children in Yunnan, China.


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

32

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

We are committed to creating long-term value for our shareholders and stakeholders by pursuing sustainable 

business growth.

Our annual report that details our financial performance, corporate governance and risk 

management is published separately in conformance with the Singapore Exchange’s (SGX) 

listing requirements. A summary of our economic performance extracted from our annual 

report is provided below. Please refer to the financial statements in our Annual Report 2020 

for more detailed information.

Economic Performance Indicators (US$’000)

FY2020

FY2019

FY2018

Revenue

1,108,638

976,976

1,255,975

Cost of sales

(1,048,356)

(922,790)

(1,188,142)

Income tax expenses

(1,726)

(336)

(293)

Employee benefit expenses

(34,544)

(30,463)

(34,639)

Profit after tax

10,339

1,599

8,103

Dividends declared and paid

NIL

3,501

4,028

Our Ongoing Annual Target

Performance in 2020

Economic Performance

Maintain consistent and sustainable financial performance

Please refer to the financial statement in our Annual 

Report 2020

ANTI-CORRUPTION

We maintain zero tolerance for bribery, corruption, fraud and money laundering. Our Anti-corruption Policy prohibits 

giving or receiving bribes, making facilitation payments, and giving or receiving favours. The policy requires all 

employees, officers and directors to conduct business worldwide with integrity, transparency, and compliance with 

applicable legal requirements relating to bribery and corruption.

We explain our anti-corruption policy to all employees as part of the onboarding orientation. Our Employee Code of 

Conduct includes the Anti-corruption Policy to reinforce the importance of conducting business with integrity and 

transparency.

There were no confirmed incidents of corruption or bribery during the reporting period.

Our Ongoing Annual Target

Performance in 2020

Anti-corruption

No incidents of corruption, bribery or fraud

No incidents of corruption, bribery or fraud

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Excelpoint is committed to having and maintaining high standards of corporate governance. The Company believes 

that good corporate governance inculcates an ethical environment and enhances the interest of all shareholders. The 

Company has adopted the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the “Code”) for the financial year ended 31 December 

2020 (“FY2020”) and is working to adopt the other changes where appropriate.

For more details, please refer to our Corporate Governance report, which is available in our Annual Report 2020.


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

33

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

SUPPLIERS

Our supply chain includes a mix of business partners, principals, vendors, customers to deliver electronics components 

for the electronics value chain. They are part of a global chain across many countries, and we have regulated distribution 

contracts with them. We regularly engage with our suppliers to build trusted partnerships and ensure reliable supplies, 

price protection and stock rotation.

REGULATORY COMPLIANCE

We ensure compliance with applicable laws, including socio-economic and environmental regulations. There were no 

incidents of confirmed non-compliance with socio-economic rules or environmental regulations in the reporting period.

We ensure compliance with product labelling and information rules, regulations and industry standards. There were no 

incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service information and labelling in the reported period.

Our Ongoing Annual Target

Performance in 2020

Regulatory Compliance

No significant incidents or penalties for legal 

non-compliance

• No incidents of legal non-compliance covering 

socio-economic regulations.

• No incidents of non-compliance with environmental 

regulations.

• No incidents of non-compliance with marketing and 

labelling regulations.

• Zero breaches concerning customer privacy or loss of 

customer data.


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

34

GRI Content Index 

‘In accordance’ – Core

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Page Number(s) and/or URL(s)

GRI 101: Foundation 2016

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE

102-1 Name of the organisation

2

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services

2, 16, Annual Report (“AR”) 4-5

102-3 Location of headquarters

2

102-4 Location of operations

2, AR 12-14

102-5 Ownership and legal form

AR 17, 134-135

102-6 Markets served

2, 16, AR 4-5, 12-13

102-7 Scale of the organisation

8, 21, AR 6-7, 12-14

102-8 Information on employees and other workers

21, 25

102-9 Supply chain

33

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain

AR 5

102-11 Precautionary Principle or approach

27

102-12 External initiatives

15, 18

102-13 Membership of associations

11

STRATEGY

102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker

4-5

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour

3

GOVERNANCE

102-18 Governance structure

7, AR 8-11

102-19 Delegating authority

7, AR 17-18

102-20 Executive-level responsibility for economic, 

environmental, and social topics

7

102-21 Consulting stakeholders on economic, 

environmental, and social topics

7-10, AR 63

102-22 Composition of the highest governance body and 

its committees

AR 9-10, 22

102-23 Chair of the highest governance body

AR 27

102-24 Nominating and selecting the highest governance 

body

AR 28-31

102-25 Conflicts of interest

AR 17, 29, 33, 56

GRI CONTENT INDEX


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

35

GRI Content Index 

‘In accordance’ – Core

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Page Number(s) and/or URL(s)

102-26 Role of highest governance body in setting 

purpose, values, and strategy

7, AR 17

102-27 Collective knowledge of highest governance body

AR 19-20

102-28 Evaluating the highest governance body’s 

performance

AR 15, 43-45

102-29 Identifying and managing economic, 

environmental, and social impacts

7, 9-10

102-30 Effectiveness of risk management processes

AR 17, 51-54

102-31 Review of economic, environmental, and social 

topics

7, AR 63

102-32 Highest governance body’s role in sustainability 

reporting

7

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

102-40 List of stakeholder groups

9-10

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements

24

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders

9

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement

9-10

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised

9-10, 13-14

REPORTING PRACTICE

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements

AR 14

102-46 Defining report content and topic Boundaries

13-14

102-47 List of material topics

13-14

102-48 Restatements of information

None

102-49 Changes in reporting

None

102-50 Reporting period

6

102-51 Date of most recent report

May 2020

102-52 Reporting cycle

6

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report

6

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards

6

102-55 GRI content index

34-38

102-56 External assurance

6

GRI CONTENT INDEX


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

36

GRI CONTENT INDEX

GRI Content Index 

‘In accordance’ – Core

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Page Number(s) and/or URL(s)

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

GRI 103: 

Management 

approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundaries

14

103-2 The management approach and its components

14, 16, 32-33

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

32-33

GRI 201: Economic 

Performance 2016

201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed

79-81

ANTI-CORRUPTION

GRI 103: 

Management 

approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundaries

14

103-2 The management approach and its components

14, 16, 32

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

32

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 2016

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken

32

ENERGY

GRI 103: 

Management 

approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundaries

13

103-2 The management approach and its components

13, 15, 27

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

27

GRI 302: Energy 

2016

302-1 Energy consumption within the organisation

8, 28

302-3 Energy intensity

8, 28

EMISSIONS

GRI 103: 

Management 

approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundaries

13

103-2 The management approach and its components

13, 15, 27

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

8, 28

GRI 305: 

Emissions 2016

305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

28

305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

28

305-4 GHG emission intensity

8, 28


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

37

GRI CONTENT INDEX

GRI Content Index 

‘In accordance’ – Core

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Page Number(s) and/or URL(s)

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

GRI 103: 

Management 

approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundaries

14

103-2 The management approach and its components

14, 16, 33

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

33

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 2016

307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations

33

EMPLOYMENT

GRI 103: 

Management 

approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundaries

14

103-2 The management approach and its components

14, 15, 21-22

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

21-22

GRI 401: 

Employment 2016

401-1 New Employee hires and employee turnover

8, 26

401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are 

not provided to temporary or part-time employees

22

TRAINING AND EDUCATION

GRI 103: 

Management 

approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundaries

14

103-2 The management approach and its components

14-15, 18, 21, 24

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

18, 21, 24

GRI 404: Training 

and Education 

2016

404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee

24

404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular 

performance and career development reviews

23

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES

GRI 103: 

Management 

approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundaries

14

103-2 The management approach and its components

14, 23

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

23

GRI 405: Diversity 

and Equal 

Opportunity 2016

405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees

8, 28


EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

38

GRI CONTENT INDEX

GRI Content Index 

‘In accordance’ – Core

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Page Number(s) and/or URL(s)

NON-DISCRIMINATION

GRI 103: 

Management 

approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundaries

14

103-2 The management approach and its components

14, 24

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

24

GRI 406: Non-

Discrimination 

2016

406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions 

taken

24

LOCAL COMMUNITIES

GRI 103: 

Management 

approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundaries

14

103-2 The management approach and its components

14, 29-31

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

29-31

GRI 413: Local 

Communities 2016

413-1 Operations with local community engagement, 

impact assessments, and development programs

29-31

MARKETING AND LABELLING

GRI 103: 

Management 

approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundaries

14

103-2 The management approach and its components

14, 16, 33

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

33

GRI 417: Marketing 

and Labelling 2016

417-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning product 

and service information and labeling

33

CUSTOMER PRIVACY

GRI 103: 

Management 

approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundaries

20

103-2 The management approach and its components

20

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

20

GRI 418: Customer 

Privacy

418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses of customer data

20, 33

SOCIO-ECONOMIC COMPLIANCE

GRI 103: 

Management 

approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundaries

14

103-2 The management approach and its components

14, 16, 33

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

33

GRI 419: Socio-

economic 

compliance 2016

419-1 Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area

33




EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

Company Registration No. 200103280C

15 Changi Business Park Central 1

#06-00 Singapore 486057

T +65 6741 8966

F +65 6741 8980

www.excelpoint.com

