






SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

INTEGRATING 

SUSTAINABILITY 

THROUGH 

PEOPLE AND 

INNOVATION 


CONTENTS

02

ABOUT EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD.

VISION, MISSION AND CORE VALUES

04

MESSAGE FROM OUR CHAIRMAN AND 

GROUP CEO

06

ABOUT THIS REPORT

09

STAKEHOLDERS

13

SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY

16

MARKETPLACE

19

PEOPLE

24

ENVIRONMENT

26

COMMUNITY

29

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

30

GRI CONTENT INDEX



01

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

CONTENTS


Excelpoint Technology Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (“Excelpoint” or the “Group”) are one of the leading 

regional business-to-business platforms providing quality electronic components, engineering design services and supply 

chain management to original equipment manufacturers, original design manufacturers and electronics manufacturing 

services in the Asia Pacific region. Excelpoint Technology Ltd. has been recognised in the top 25 Global Electronics 

Distributors and top Global Distributors lists by EBN, an online community for global supply chain professionals and 

EPSNews, a US-based information and data portal and resource centre for electronics and supply chain industries.

Excelpoint works closely with its principals to create innovative solutions to complement its customers’ products and 

solutions. Aimed at improving operational efficiency and cost competitiveness, it has research and development (“R&amp;D”) 

centres in Singapore, China and Vietnam helmed by a team of professional engineers.

Established in 1987 and headquartered in Singapore, Excelpoint has more than 700 employees from over 10 countries 

in more than 40 cities.

OUR POSITIONING

We bring the electronics technology value chain closer together as a value-added solution and service provider. 

We create new value propositions for our principals and customers through R&amp;D, bringing products to market in the 

shortest time possible.

We believe in creating a positive working relationship with our stakeholders and building tomorrow’s future together.















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































02

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

ABOUT EXCELPOINT 

TECHNOLOGY LTD

ABOUT EXCELPOINT  

TECHNOLOGY LTD.

(Company Registration No. 200103280C)






OUR VISION, OUR MISSION, OUR CORE VALUES

To be the leading value-added partner to 

electronics manufacturers and industrial 

companies in the Asia Pacific region.

To be the key link between our principals 

and customers as the leading total solutions 

provider and continuously creating value for 

our stakeholders through:

We believe that 

passion is the key to 

the success of our 

business.

• Innovation

Drive innovation across 

our entire organisation 

and supply chain to create 

and enhance solutions to 

support the current and 

future demands of our 

customers.

• Sustainability Planning

Maintain strong business 

controls and effective risk 

management policies to 

drive good performance 

for long-term sustainability 

of 

the 

business 

and 

shareholder value.

• Nurturing Human Capital

Nurture 

a 

company 

of talents and leaders 

with strong values and 

professionalism.

We demonstrate 

honest, ethical and 

professional conduct 

in everything that 

we do.

We are committed 

to excelling in our 

core competencies 

and services to stay 

competitive and 

bringing value to our 

stakeholders.

We strive to build 

trust in all our 

relationships with 

our principals and 

customers, and 

exceed expectations 

with our excellent 

services.

OUR VISION

OUR MISSION

OUR CORE VALUES

PASSION

INTEGRITY

COMMITMENT

TRUST

03

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

ABOUT EXCELPOINT 

TECHNOLOGY LTD






On behalf of our Board of Directors (the “Board”), I am 

pleased to present Excelpoint’s Sustainability Report 

2019. Sustainability has always been a core to the 

business and this year, we have continued to integrate 

this concept through our people and our innovations.

2019 was fraught with a weak global economic landscape 

from the US-China trade tensions and uncertainties 

across markets we operate in. Amidst these headwinds, 

our people remained resilient and worked hard as a team.

This year, we continue to put in place strategies to fine-

tune our sustainability policies and processes, and we also 

took a deliberate path to manage the external challenges 

by improving efficiencies, strengthening our credit and 

inventory control and improving our cash flow. Our portfolio 

of suppliers and customers, alongside our strong focus on 

value-adding to our partners through constant innovation, 

have set a good fundamental within us.

This report outlines Excelpoint’s sustainability journey 

and approach in integrating sustainability into its policies, 

structure, management and operations. Through this 

report, Excelpoint hopes to share its sustainability 

commitment with its various stakeholders, including employees, investors, customers, business partners, suppliers, 

the community and government agencies.

As a responsible business, we report in accordance with the internationally recognised Global Reporting Initiative’s 

GRI Standards for Sustainability Reporting. In line with the GRI Standards, we stay focused on addressing the most 

significant environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) factors, its impacts, risks and opportunities to create a positive 

impact also aligned with the United Nation’s Sustainable Development Goals (“SDGs”).

In this report, I am pleased to share our efforts for this year:

INNOVATION

Innovation remains a crucial driver for the sustainable growth of our business. The Vietnam market has been in the 

spotlight and seeing its potential growth, we set up a technical R&amp;D team. Our push for innovation through rigorous 

R&amp;D efforts will continue to help us expand into new and emerging markets.

In addition, we remain focused on new innovations in the industry. Our collaborations with start-ups, such as our 

investees, CLOP Technologies Pte Ltd and Meridian Innovation Pte Ltd have made good progress and we continue 

to play our part in this area.

GENDER AND AGE DIVERSITY

Building an inclusive work environment is essential for us to attract and retain talented employees and we are always 

working on ways to enhance this. Gender diversity is an integral part of our inclusivity efforts. In FY2019, women formed 

39.1% of our workforce, up from 38.4% in FY2018.

04

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

MESSAGE FROM OUR  

CHAIRMAN AND GROUP CEO

MESSAGE FROM OUR 

CHAIRMAN AND GROUP CEO




COMMUNITY

Giving back to the communities where we operate has been another core part of our corporate social responsibility 

efforts as we continue to support educational and social programmes over the years. In FY2019, we invested over 

S$130,000 to support a range of programmes benefitting the local communities.

We remain steadfast in growing our business sustainably. We believe together, we can create a greater impact on 

improving the economic, environmental and social well-being of the communities we operate in.

TAKING CARE OF OUR ENVIRONMENT

We also support the Paris Agreement on climate change that aims to limit the rise in the global temperature under 1.5 

degree Celsius compared with pre-industrial levels. As a trading business, carbon dioxide emission from our operations 

is relatively small, mainly from the use of electricity in our offices. We are committed to making efforts to minimise our 

energy consumption. In this respect, we continue to monitor and report our carbon dioxide emissions.

Our Board continues to recognise the importance of sustainability and works closely with the Management to manage 

and monitor ESG matters that have been identified as material to our business and our stakeholders. With persistent 

uncertainties affecting the operating environment, such as the Covid-19 pandemic that has impacted the world in many 

unexpected ways, we continue to strengthen our fundamentals that will stand us in good stead for many years to come.

As we continue our sustainability journey and place this concept as an integral part of Excelpoint’s business, we will 

remain deeply focused on our people and constant innovation so as to enhance our value-add to our partners.

Thank you for your continued support.

ALBERT PHUAY YONG HEN

Chairman and Group CEO

05

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

MESSAGE FROM OUR 

CHAIRMAN AND GROUP CEO


ABOUT  

THIS REPORT

ABOUT  

THIS REPORT





This is Excelpoint Technology Ltd. (the “Company”)’s and its subsidiaries (“Excelpoint” or the “Group”) third annual 

sustainability report. This report complements our Annual Report, which is published separately.

The environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) performance presented in this report covers three years starting 

from 1 January 2017 and ending on 31 December 2019 unless specified otherwise. The report contains consolidated 

environmental and social performance data from Excelpoint.

REPORTING FRAMEWORKS

The report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative’s GRI Standards: Core Option. This 

report complies with the Singapore Exchange (“SGX”)’s Listing Rules 711A and 711B and the SGX Sustainability 

Reporting Guide. For the first time, we have also aligned our sustainability reporting with the UN Sustainable 

Development Goals (“SDGs”).

REPORT CONTENT AND QUALITY

In line with the GRI’s reporting principles (GRI 101: Foundation 2016), the content of this report has been determined 

based on stakeholder expectations and materiality assessments. To decide the topics for reporting, we have considered 

Excelpoint’s significant impacts on the environment, society and economy as well as the key concerns and expectations 

of our primary stakeholders. We have also taken into account potential sustainability risks and opportunities when 

prioritising material topics for reporting.

To ensure content quality, we have applied GRI’s principles of accuracy, balance, clarity, comparability, reliability, and 

timeliness. All the data presented in the report use internationally accepted measurement units. Financial figures are 

in United States (US) dollars unless stated otherwise. The data provided in this report has been extracted from official 

records to ensure accuracy and consistency.

EXTERNAL ASSURANCE

Currently, we rely on our internal verification mechanism to ensure the accuracy of data reported. Obtaining external 

assurance for future reports remains under consideration.

RESTATEMENTS

There are no restatements in this report.

AVAILABILITY

This report is available for download via 

our website at www.excelpoint.com

CONTACT

We welcome stakeholders’ feedback and suggestions. 

If you have any questions about this report, 

please contact us at sustainability@excelpoint.com

06

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


ABOUT  

THIS REPORT

BOARD STATEMENT

The Board of Directors of Excelpoint considers sustainability issues as part of developing business strategies. The Board 

has determined the ESG factors presented in this report and provided oversight for the management and monitoring 

of these material ESG factors through periodic review of the key performance indicators.

The Excelpoint Group remains committed to conducting business with responsibility and integrity. The Group’s policies 

and practices are guided by our core values of passion, integrity, commitment and trust. The Group’s sustainability 

strategy builds on our well-established value-based management approach and focuses on the most significant ESG 

drivers for creating long-term value.

Innovation, risk management, sustainability planning and nurturing human capital continue to be the Group’s main 

value drivers.

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE

The Board of Directors of Excelpoint provides direction and oversight for our sustainability efforts.

The Board determines the ESG factors that reflect the organisation’s significant ESG impacts, risks and opportunities, 

and the concerns of its stakeholders. Under the guidance from the Board, the management develops and implements 

sustainability strategies, policies, key performance indicators, targets and initiatives.

To effectively drive sustainability strategies across the Group, we have established a Sustainability Management 

Council. Our Chairman &amp; Group CEO chairs the Council that comprises senior management representatives from 

major functions and departments. The Council oversees the preparation of the sustainability report and provides our 

Board with regular updates.

We have established a Sustainability Reporting Project Team which assists the Council by collecting, verifying and 

providing sustainability performance data for reporting. Representatives from various business units and functions are 

members of the project team.

Our Deputy Director of Corporate Development, who is also a member of this Council, oversees the development of 

the sustainability report.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT COUNCIL

(chaired by Chairman and Group CEO)

COUNCIL MEMBERS

Executive Directors

Group Chief Financial Officer

Senior Vice President, Operations

Deputy Director, Corporate Development

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING PROJECT TEAM

Director, Business Development

Director, Field Applications

Director, Product Marketing

Director, Research and Development

Deputy Director, Sales

Senior Manager, Logistics

Manager, Human Resources and Administration

Manager, Management Information System

07

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


ABOUT  

THIS REPORT



SUSTAINABILITY PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS

ESG FACTORS

2019

2018

2017

ENVIRONMENTAL1

Total electricity used (kWh)

977,130

964,375

894,600

Electricity used per employee (kWh)

1,350

1,282

1,289

Energy consumption (GJ)

4,035

4,258

3,780

Energy intensity (GJ/Employee)

5.6

5.7

5.4

Carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions (tCO2)

659

619

559

CO2 emissions intensity (tCO2/Employee)

0.91

0.82

0.81

SOCIAL

Employees

Total number of employees

724

752

694

Number of new hires

125

223

200

Female employees (%)

39.1

38.4

37.3

Female managers and supervisors (%)

25.9

31.9

28.1

Employee annual attrition rate (%)

20.8

21.4

18.7

Community

Community investment and donations to charities ($)

95,242

84,923

142,287

FINANCIAL

Revenue (US$’000)

976,976

1,255,975

1,146,394

Cost of sales (US$’000)

(922,790)

(1,188,142)

(1,085,487)

Income tax expenses (US$’000)

(336)

(293)

(2,125)

Profit after tax (US$’000)

1,599

8,103

8,098

Employee benefit expenses (US$’000)

(30,463)

(34,639)

(31,947)

Dividends declared (US$’000)

3,501

4,028

3,376

Note:

1 

Energy and carbon dioxide emissions figures refer to purchased electricity, diesel and petrol consumption

08

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


We engage with a wide range of stakeholders in the course of business to understand their expectations 

and concerns and to build long-term trusted relationships.

We consider groups or individuals as our stakeholders who may be impacted by our business operations or who may 

potentially affect our business through their opinions or actions. While preparing for this report, we use both formal 

and informal engagement methods to gather insights.

Depending on the need, the frequency of our engagement with stakeholders varies from occasional to periodic and 

frequent. An overview of our engagement with significant stakeholders is described below.

OUR 

STAKEHOLDERS

STAKEHOLDER 

EXPECTATIONS

HOW WE ENGAGE

HOW WE RESPOND

CUSTOMERS

• Prompt customer 

service 

• Rebates and material 

planning programme 

• Reasonable payment 

terms 

• Competitive pricing 

• On-time delivery and 

services 

• Technical support 

• Quality control

• Trade exhibitions 

• Sales calls 

• Telemarketing 

• Websites and online 

presence 

• Regular meetings 

• Quarterly/ 

half-yearly business 

review

• Manage our key accounts 

• Do active telemarketing 

• Build stronger 

relationships with our 

customers 

• Expand product lines 

• Conduct regular internal 

management reviews to 

ensure we are fulfilling the 

needs of our customers 

• Provide timely feedback

EMPLOYEES

• Career growth 

• Training opportunities 

• Competitive salaries and 

incentives 

• A pleasant and safe 

working environment 

• Welfare 

• Flexible working hours

• Regular internal 

communications 

through an intranet 

platform 

• Annual performance 

appraisal 

• Half-yearly internal 

reviews 

• Welfare and social 

activities 

• Monthly newsletters

• Ensure effective human 

resource policies and 

staff welfare 

• Provide a performance 

bonus, sales incentives, 

and long service awards

• Offer an employee 

share programme, 

a performance 

management system, and 

training and development 

opportunities 

• Establish a recreation 

club 

• Provide tier-based 

working hours

09

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

STAKEHOLDERS

STAKEHOLDERS


OUR 

STAKEHOLDERS

STAKEHOLDER 

EXPECTATIONS

HOW WE ENGAGE

HOW WE RESPOND

SHAREHOLDERS 

AND INVESTORS

• Business growth 

• Consistent dividends

• Profitability 

• Transparency 

• Risk management 

• Corporate governance

• Annual General 

Meeting 

• Announcement of 

quarterly financial 

results 

• SGX filings 

• Annual reports 

• Sustainability reports

• Practise good corporate 

governance 

• Manage risks and 

opportunities

• Ensure sustainable 

business growth

PRINCIPALS

• Good credibility and 

image to suppliers 

• Good product quality at 

all times 

• On-time payments 

• Value-added products 

• Good regulation of 

business practices

• Frequent product 

promotion 

• Sufficient stocks 

• Joint visits for 

customer engagement 

• Meetings to 

understand the needs 

of principals and 

customers

• Meet sales targets and 

promotional goals 

• Set quarterly reviews on 

key suppliers 

• Manage the expectations 

of suppliers and 

customers

GOVERNMENT AND 

REGULATORS

• Regulatory compliance

• Seminars 

• Meetings 

• Relevant government 

association 

memberships 

• Frequent 

communication with 

relevant parties

• Ensure compliance with 

applicable laws 

• Participate in 

consultations, surveys, 

forums, and roundtables 

• Participate in networking 

sessions and talks held 

by the government to 

understand industry 

regulations and share our 

perspectives

COMMUNITY

• Responsible business 

practices 

• Support community 

projects

• Meetings with 

different non-profit 

organisations to learn 

about areas in which 

the company can 

assist 

• Participation in 

corporate social 

responsibility activities

• Support community 

programmes aimed at the 

welfare of children and 

youth 

• Collaborations with 

different community 

groups

INDUSTRY 

ASSOCIATIONS

• Participation through 

memberships, seminars, 

conferences, and 

dialogues organised by 

the associations

• Meetings with industry 

bodies 

• Participation in trade 

exhibitions in different 

countries, such as 

China and India

• Join trade associations as 

a member 

• Participate actively in 

industry initiatives

MEDIA

• Timely information about 

company affairs that are 

of public interest 

• Prompt response to 

media enquiries

• Regular press releases 

and briefings

• Provide updates on the 

company’s financial 

performance and other 

important events

10

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

STAKEHOLDERS


MEMBERSHIP OF ASSOCIATIONS

Through membership and subscriptions, we engage with the following industry associations, and participate in industry 

dialogues:

• Singapore Business Federation; and

• Singapore National Employers Federation

AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS

Over the years, we have received several accolades for our business excellence from our stakeholders and other 

organisations. Our most recent awards and recognition are listed below.

FY2019

Award Titles

Presented By

Southeast Asia Best Demand Creation Partner

TE Sensor Solutions (TESS)

Southeast Asia Technical Qualifications

TE Sensor Solutions (TESS)

Ranked #12 in the 2019 Top Global Distributors

EPS News

Best Demand Creation 2018 – South Asia

Microchip Technology Inc.

Best Demand Creation 2018 – ASEAN

Microchip Technology Inc.

Supplier Excellence Award 2018

Sunitec Enterprise Co., Ltd.

Best Overseas Business Development Partner Award 2018

Bright Power Semiconductor Co., Ltd.

2019 Best Supplier

Zhuhai Gopower Smart Grid Co., Ltd.

2019 Strategic Partner

Shenzhen XinZhongXin Technology Co., Ltd.

2019 Excellent Supplier

Shenzhen Lingbenyang Optoelectronic Co., Ltd.

2019 Excellent Performance Award in China IoT

Elecfans.com

Top 10 International Brand Distributor

ESM China

2019 Distributor of the Year

Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. 

Best Distributor

TCL Mobile Communication (HK) Co., Ltd.

2018 Best Partner

Huami Technology Co., Ltd.

Excellent Award

SIMCom Wireless Solutions Co., Ltd.

2018 Best Value Supplier

CSG Smart Science &amp; Technology Co.

Best Sales Team – Eastern China Region

Analog Devices, Inc.

Outstanding Business Contribution Team – Northern China 

Region

Analog Devices, Inc.

Excellence Award

Crane Aerospace &amp; Electronics

2018 Excellent Supplier

CYG Sunri Co., Ltd

2018 Excellent Supplier

Siglent Technologies Co., Ltd.

The Best Partner 2018

Seoul Semiconductor Co., Ltd.

11

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

STAKEHOLDERS




FY2018

Award Titles

Presented By

Best Business Growth Partner 2018

TE Connectivity Sensor Solutions

Best Marketing Effort Partner 2018

TE Connectivity Sensor Solutions

Distributor Award of Excellence

Qualcomm Technologies International Ltd.

Ranked #13 in the 2018 Top Global Distributors

EPS News

2018 Top 10 International Brand Distributor

Electronics Supply &amp; Manufacturing – China (a leading 

electronics management magazine in China)

2018 Excellent Innovative Franchised Semiconductor 

Distributor in China

China Electronics Distributor Association

2018 Excellent Supplier Award

Siglent Technologies Co., Ltd

2018 Excellent Supplier Award

CYG Sunri Co., Ltd

FT1000 High-Growth Companies Asia Pacific 2018

Financial Times

Distributor Award of Excellence 2017

Qualcomm Technologies International Ltd.

2018 Spirit of Microchip Award

Microchip Technology (India) Pvt Ltd

2017 Partnership in Excellence Award

Bourns Inc.

Supplier Excellence Award 2017

Sunitec Enterprise Co., Ltd.

Singapore 1000 Company 2018

DP Information Group

Singapore 1000 Company – Public Listed Company 2018

DP Information Group

2017 Excellent Distributor Award

Samsung Asia Pte. Ltd.

2017 Excellent Sales Partner Award

Samsung Electro-Mechanics Pte. Ltd.

FY2017

Award Titles

Presented By

Entrepreneur of the Year 2017 (Electrical and Electronics 

Industry category) – Awarded to our Chairman and Group 

CEO, Mr. Phuay Yong Hen

Asia Pacific Entrepreneurship Awards

2017 Excellent Sales Partner Award

Samsung Electro-Mechanics Pte. Ltd.

11th place in the 2017 Top 25 Global Electronics 

Distributors List

EBN (a premier online community for global supply 

chain professionals)

FY2016 Distributor Best Demand Creation Award

Epson Singapore Pte Ltd

2016 Best Distributor Award

Samsung Asia Pte. Ltd.

Best Overseas Business Development Partner Award 2018

Bright Power Semiconductor Co., Ltd.

For the complete list of awards over the years, 

please visit https://www.excelpoint.com/about-us/corporate/milestones

12

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

STAKEHOLDERS


We are committed to creating sustainable value for our stakeholders and shareholders.

MATERIAL ESG FACTORS

Our sustainability strategy is rooted in the effective management of our ESG impacts, risks and opportunities. We identify 

and prioritise sustainability topics based on the significance of their impacts and the expectations of our stakeholders.

We use GRI’s materiality principle to ascertain the most significant sustainability issues for our business. Guided 

by the Board of Directors, our Sustainability Management Council reviews and determines material ESG factors for 

sustainability reporting.

While reviewing our material ESG factors in 2019, we also identified the relevant SDGs where we can contribute. As 

a result of the exercise, we have aligned our material ESG factors with the related SDGs to highlight our contribution 

to sustainable development.

Our material topics have been reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors.

MATERIAL TOPICS AND THEIR BOUNDARIES

In our assessment of material ESG topics, we consider where the impact occurs in our value chain and what our 

involvement is in causing the impact. Direct involvement refers to those impacts that result directly from our operations, 

while indirect involvement relates to the effects potentially produced by our business relationships, such as in our 

supply chain. We have almost no control over the policies and practices of our main principals who themselves are 

large organisations with a public commitment to sustainability. Our reporting, therefore, focuses on our operations.

A summary of our material sustainability impacts and their boundaries are presented below.

MATERIAL FACTORS

MATERIAL TOPICS

ORGANISATION’S 

INVOLVEMENT

MATERIAL FOR 

EXCELPOINT SUBSIDIARIES

Environment

Energy consumption

Direct

All

Greenhouse Gas (“GHG”) emissions

Direct and indirect

All

Environmental compliance

Direct

All

People

Employment

Direct

All

Training and education

Direct

All

Diversity and equal opportunity

Direct

All

Occupational health and safety

Direct

All

Human rights

Direct and indirect

All

Customers

Marketing and labelling

Indirect

All

Community

Local communities

Indirect

All

Economic

Economic performance

Direct

All

Anti-corruption

Direct and indirect

All

13

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

SUSTAINABILITY 

STRATEGY

SUSTAINABILITY

STRATEGY


UN SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS

The SDGs provide a framework for the global agenda for sustainable development by addressing the most pressing 

ESG challenges faced by humanity. We recognise businesses can play a critical role in achieving the 17 SDGs. On 

our part, we have mapped our material factors over the 17 SDGs to identify the most relevant goals for aligning our 

sustainability reporting.

How our material ESG topics link with the SDGs is illustrated below.

SUPPORTING THE SDGs

MATERIAL FACTORS

SDGs SUPPORTED

Energy Consumption, GHG Emissions

Marketing and Labelling, Economic Performance

 

Employment, Training and Education, Diversity and 

Equal Opportunity, Occupational Health and Safety, 

Human Rights

 

 

Anti-corruption, Environmental Compliance

14

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

SUSTAINABILITY 

STRATEGY


ESG TARGETS

We have established the necessary policies to guide our operational practices to monitor our ESG performance. We 

track our ESG performance by setting goals and key performance indicators. A summary of our management approach 

and targets is provided in the table below.

MATERIAL FACTORS

MANAGEMENT APPROACH

TARGETS FOR 2020

Energy Consumption, GHG 

Emissions

We are committed to reduce energy 

consumption through energy efficiency and 

taking measures to minimise our carbon 

dioxide (CO2) emissions by saving energy.

To maintain our energy consumption 

per employee amidst expansion. 

Reduce 1% energy consumption and 

conserve energy usage.

Marketing and Labelling, 

Economic Performance

Comply with product labelling and 

information rules, regulations and industry 

standards.

To maintain zero incidents of legal 

violations.

Employment, Training 

and Education, Diversity 

and Equal Opportunity, 

Occupational Health and 

Safety, Human Rights

We believe that regardless of ethnicity, 

age or gender, staff can make a significant 

contribution based on their talent, expertise 

and experience. We adopt consistent, 

equitable, and fair labour policies and 

practices in rewarding as well as developing 

staff under the direct hire of Excelpoint. 

Excelpoint aims to provide a work 

environment that is safe and contributes to 

the general well-being of its staff.

Annual employee attrition rate of no 

more than 20%. 

To maintain zero accidents across 

operations. 

To maintain zero occupational 

diseases across operations.

Anti-corruption, 

Environmental Compliance

Excelpoint adopts a stance against bribery 

and corruption.

Occupational health and safety is of 

utmost importance to Excelpoint, including 

all its staff and suppliers to comply 

with applicable socio-economic and 

environmental laws and regulation.

Refer to Corporate Governance, 

Excelpoint Annual Report 2019.

To maintain zero reported incident 

relating to discrimination and no 

incidents of legal violations.



15

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

SUSTAINABILITY 

STRATEGY


In partnership with our principals, we develop innovative solutions to complement our customers’ products 

and offerings and help our customers improve their operational efficiency and cost-effectiveness.

As a leading regional electronic components distributor providing quality components, engineering design services and 

supply chain management, we focus on developing trusted relationships with original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”), 

original design manufacturers (“ODMs”), and electronics manufacturing services (“EMS”) providers.

OUR SOLUTIONS

We offer multiple solutions in the consumer and industrial categories. Our solutions are backed by over three decades of 

deep experiences, expertise, and R&amp;D. We work closely with our partners to bring the latest technology to our customers.

Our main solutions include wireless audio, wearable devices and accessories, automotive, smart homes, power distribution 

and transmission.

Product Category

Our Solutions

IOT, ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AND FAR-FIELD 

VOICE TECHNOLOGY

System-on-module for: 

•  Smart speaker  

•  Smart speaker development kit 

•  Voice assistant headset

WIRELESS AUDIO 

Examples of applications: 

•  Portable wireless speaker 

•  Wireless music headphone 

•  Mini combo 

•  Soundbar and wireless subwoofer 

•  Audio transmitter dongle

•  Wireless solutions 

•  Consumer wireless audio solutions 

Examples of applications: 

•  Bluetooth Low Energy (“BLE”) remote control for TV 

and audio devices 

•  True Wireless Stereo (“TWS”) wireless headset with 

sensors 

•  Smart speakers with voice assistance 

•  Wireless headset with voice assistance

WEARABLE DEVICES AND ACCESSORIES

•  Wearables and smart accessories for iPhones and 

iPads 

•  Solutions for Bluetooth-enabled massage chairs and 

lost-and-found tags 

•  Entry-level and mid-tier platforms for wearables and 

smart accessories applications

AUTOMOTIVE

•  Reference car infotainment system and core board 

•  Qi-compliant wireless charging solutions

SMART HOMES 

•  Wireless sensors 

•  Wireless controls 

•  BLE mesh network platforms

Connectivity solutions for smart homes: 

•  BLE module 

•  Bluetooth module 

•  BLE/Bluetooth combo module 

•  Embedded Wi-Fi module 

•  Sub-GHz module

POWER DISTRIBUTION AND TRANSMISSION

• Distribution automation control 

• Motor control 

• Photovoltaic inverter control 

• Other embedded control applications

You can read more about our business lines, products and services in our Annual Report 2019 on pages 4 and 5.

MARKETPLACE

16

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

MARKETPLACE


PROMOTING QUALITY CULTURE

We are committed to adhere to the highest quality standards to serve our principals and customers. Building and 

supporting a quality culture is at the core of our quality policy. Our quality management system is certified to ISO 9001 

standards. The quality management system allows us to maintain consistently high standards and make continuous 

improvements in our processes.

Also, we invest in ongoing training and education of our employees to ensure high quality of our products and services.

INVESTING IN R&amp;D

We continuously invest in building up our R&amp;D capabilities to drive innovation and to create cost-effective solutions for 

our customers. Our R&amp;D centres in Singapore, China and Vietnam are supported by our dedicated team of professional 

engineers who have extensive experience in the relevant segments. One of our key R&amp;D goals is to add value to our 

suppliers and customers by creating reference designs and solutions to help them accelerate their entry-to-market.

We offer innovative applications and solutions by leveraging on the most advanced technologies from our principals and 

by integrating the strengths of different principals and partners.

Our R&amp;D team continuously work on new platforms that solve problems of the current world. Our R&amp;D experts stay 

abreast with market trends to develop required technology solutions, working closely with our suppliers. Over the years, 

we have excelled in communication technologies such as Bluetooth, BLE, Wi-Fi, near field communication, wireless 

charging and wireless audio, which prepare us for the next wave of technology – the world of Artificial Intelligence  (“AI”) 

and Internet of Things (“IoT”).

IoT DEMONSTRATION FACILITY

To stay ahead of the curve, we have built an IoT demonstration facility that features our in-depth R&amp;D and technical 

capabilities that combine cutting-edge technologies from our strategic suppliers into advanced and useful applications. 

Through this facility, we showcase our competitive strengths in sensors, wireless connectivity and gateway modules, which 

can be implemented in applications for smart buildings, agriculture and infrastructure. The facility allows our partners to 

experience the functionality, efficiency and user-friendliness of the applications in simulated settings.

Our strategic investment arm PlanetSpark Pte. Ltd., a subsidiary of Excelpoint, focuses on investing in new hardware 

innovations and high potential start-ups that have commercially viable technologies and products relating to IoT. Over the 

year, we collaborated closely with both our investees to come up with solutions that can help the companies accelerate 

and commercialise quicker.

We have also set up a far-field audio tuning laboratory within our Singapore headquarters to focus on far-field voice 

technology (“FFVT”). Established in collaboration with our partners, this is the first of its kind lab in Singapore that will 

serve as a standards-based facility for local and global companies to enable their products with FFVT interfaces, and for 

FFVT product development and collaboration purposes.

PROVIDING CUSTOMER SERVICE

We are committed to providing our customers with prompt service and exceeding their expectations. In line with our 

quality management system, we have implemented standard operating procedures to address our customers’ needs 

promptly and professionally. We maintain close relationships with our customers to provide them with intensive frontline 

technical support.

DELIVERING CUSTOMER SATISFACTION

We conduct quarterly surveys to obtain feedback from our customers that help us understand their expectations. Our 

teams review the survey results to identify the strengths and improvement areas and develop strategies to rectify processes 

to enhance our customer relations and experiences.

17

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

MARKETPLACE




ENSURING DATA PROTECTION

We have implemented the necessary measures to safeguard the privacy of our employees, suppliers, and customers, and 

to protect their personal data. In line with our Personal Data Protection Policy, only authorised personnel have access 

to personal data.

In Singapore, we abide by the Personal Data Protection Act. Our Personal Data Protection Policy governs the collection, 

use, disclosure and care of personal data. In other countries where we operate, we also comply with applicable laws 

relating to personal data protection.

There were no complaints received concerning breaches of customer privacy during the reported period.

PROTECTING INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

We have implemented a range of measures to protect our intellectual property. We require our employees to agree and 

sign our Non-Disclosure Agreement before they commence work. Employees are required to comply with the terms and 

conditions in the Agreement, such as confidentiality of Excelpoint’s information and software programmes, confidential 

third-party information, and ownership of post-employment inventions.

18

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

MARKETPLACE


Our approach is to attract, retain and develop the best talent to serve our customers professionally.

Our people play a crucial role in our business success. Our human resource policies and strategies are geared towards 

attracting and retaining the best talent. Hiring highly-skilled, talented and experienced people is vital to maintaining high 

standards of customer service. Investing in people development is an essential part of our human capital management. 

We offer ongoing learning and development opportunities to our employees to support their career growth plans. Regular 

training helps us develop the expertise to stay at the forefront of technological advancements in our sector.

We are committed to nurturing an inclusive and vibrant workplace built on mutual trust and respect. We aim to hire the 

best talent to maintain high standards of our services.

We periodically review our human resource policies to meet the expectations of our employees.

EMPLOYMENT

At the end of FY2019, we employed 724 people. Permanent employees represented 61.2% of our workforce, with the rest 

being fixed-term contract and temporary staff. Hong Kong and China accounted for 62.7% of our employees, followed 

by South East Asia, India and Australia/New Zealand with 21.7% of our employees.

SUPPORTING DIVERSITY

Our workplace policies promote diversity, inclusivity, fairness, justice and respect. Our workforce is made up of people 

with diverse background and an increase in female employees. We will continue to keep gender diversity fair at the 

workplace. Women represent 39.1% of our employees. In senior management, women occupied 22.0% of the positions 

and in the Executive roles, women occupied 46.2%. We also have a vibrant, balanced and strong team of people aged 

between 30-50 years old at 74.7% in the organisation. Among the new hires in 2019, the share of women was 32.0%.

PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT

Our performance management system covers all our employees. A formal performance appraisal is conducted once a 

year for all employees. The assessment evaluates an employee’s job performance, growth and development, and potential 

and unique skills and talents useful for the organisation. The process begins with employees carrying out a self-appraisal 

followed by assessment and feedback by their supervisors. Also, managers engage their staff in development discussions 

throughout the year.

HUMAN RIGHTS

We support internationally accepted human rights principles. Our policies prohibit child labour, forced or compulsory 

labour, and discrimination. There were no reported incidents of child labour, forced or compulsory labour and discrimination 

in the reporting year.

Our employees have the right to freedom of association and collective bargaining in accordance with local laws. Currently, 

our employees are not covered by any collective bargaining agreement.

19

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

PEOPLE

PEOPLE


SUPPORT TRAINING

Regular upgrading of skills is a crucial area for our business success due to constant technological advancements and 

innovation in our industry sector. To keep pace with new technologies, we invest in continuous training of our people. 

Our employees attend external as well as in-house or on the job training regularly. They also attend conferences to stay 

updated on the latest developments and future trends.

In 2019, we provided a total of 538 hours of training to our employees. We continue to identify and build our employees 

knowledge and skills to further develop and strengthen their roles and responsibilities.

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

In line with industry practice, our full-time employees receive competitive wages and benefits. Benefits offered to our staff 

include paid annual leave, insurance coverage, an employee share option scheme for our long-serving staff, medical, 

dental and specialist outpatient benefits, staggered work schedules for our support team, and recreational facilities.

EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT

We believe employee engagement is crucial for maintaining motivation, productivity, teamwork, and workplace harmony. It 

is our policy to encourage open communication through CEO dialogues when we have small townhall meetings. We also 

engage our people through upskilling programmes, career growth opportunities, tier-based working hours, and recreational 

activities such as festival celebrations (e.g. Chinese New Year and Christmas), local and overseas bonding trips.









Staff enjoying recreational and health screening activities

20

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

PEOPLE




HIRING AND TURNOVER

We hired 125 new employees in 2019. Hong Kong and China accounted for 60% for the new hiring followed by Singapore 

for 22.4%, Southeast Asia (excluding Singapore), India and Australia/New Zealand together accounted for 17.6% of the 

overall hiring.

During the year, 153 permanent employees left the organisation. Our overall turnover rate was 20.8% in 2019, a tad 

lower than 21.4% for the previous year. Please see performance chart on page 23 for more information about employee 

turnover. We continuously review our attrition rate and take the necessary measures to retain the right talent.

HEALTH AND SAFETY

Our employees’ safety, health and wellbeing is of utmost importance to us. We are committed to managing and reducing 

safety and health risks through effective risk management. Our target is to maintain a zero accident workplace.

We have implemented preventive measures based on a risk assessment to identify potential workplace safety and health 

hazards. We have implemented safety measures in our warehouse operations, where tasks involve the handling of bulky 

items. A safety committee consisting of representatives from all departments and our senior management reviews safety 

standards, systems and performances periodically.

Our office in Singapore has obtained BizSafe Level 3 

certification awarded by the Workplace Safety and Health 

Council, based on an audit conducted by an approved 

third-party assessor.

In 2019, there were no incidents of severe or fatal 

workplace injuries.





Celebration of festivals at Excelpoint

21

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

PEOPLE


OUR WORKPLACE PERFORMANCE SUMMARY

16.9%

8.4%

74.7%

0.7%

62.7%

21.7%

9.8%

5.1%

22.0%

78.0%

Senior 

Management

28.5%

71.5%

Middle 

Management

46.2%

53.8%

Executive

64.0%

24.7%

11.3%

WORKFORCE BY EMPLOYMENT 

TYPE – FY2019

AGE DIVERSITY – FY2019

EMPLOYEES BY REGION – FY2019

GENDER DIVERSITY BY EMPLOYMENT 

CATEGORY – FY2019

WORKFORCE BY EMPLOYMENT 

CATEGORY – 2019

GENDER DIVERSITY – FY2019

 Permanent     

 Fixed-term Contract

 Male     

 Female

 Male     

 Female

 Senior Management     

 Middle Management

 Executive

38.8%

61.2%

39.1%

60.9%

 Under 30 years old     

 30 to 50 years old

 Over 50 years old

 Singapore     

 Hong Kong and China

 Southeast Asia (Excluding Singapore)

 India     

 Others

22

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

PEOPLE


PEOPLE

32.0%

5.6%

62.4%

60.0%

22.4%

2.4%

6.4%

8.8%

32.0%

68.0%

25.4%

21.6%

19.2%

22.3%

11.5%

FY2017

FY2018

FY2019

ANNUAL EMPLOYEE ATTRITION RATE

ANNUAL EMPLOYEE ATTRITION RATE BY AGE

NEW HIRES – FY2019

 Male     

 Female

 Male     

 Female

ATTRITION BY REGION – FY2019

 Singapore     

 Hong Kong and China

 Southeast Asia (Excluding Singapore)

 India     

 Others

NEW HIRES BY AGE GROUP – FY2019

NEW HIRES BY REGION/COUNTRY – FY2019

 Under 30 years old     

 30 to 50 years old

 Over 50 years old

 Under 30 years old     

 30 to 50 years old

 Over 50 years old

 Singapore     

 Hong Kong and China

 Southeast Asia (Excluding Singapore)

 India     

 Others

19.3%

23.0%

16.6%

24.4%

16.1%

23.9%

FY2017

18.2%

11.6%

37.8%

FY2018

21.0%

11.5%

26.4%

FY2019

20.9%

9.8%

26.0%

23

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

PEOPLE


We are committed to minimising our environmental footprint through the efficient use and conservation of 

our resources.

Our direct environmental footprint is relatively small. The main environmental impact of our operations arises from electricity 

consumption in our offices and warehouses, fuel consumption in transportation for deliveries, packaging, and general 

waste generated from the re-packaging of goods in our warehouses.

Our management approach is to minimise the impact of our business activities on the environment. Our efforts focus on 

reducing energy consumption and waste. We track and review our energy consumption, carbon emissions and the waste 

generated to evaluate our performance regularly.

CLIMATE CHANGE

We recognise the urgent need to mitigate climate change and to meet the Paris Agreement goal of limiting the global rise 

in temperature to under 1.5 degree Celsius from pre-industrial levels. We support industry-wide initiatives undertaken by 

electronics manufacturers (many of them are our principals or customers) to reduce environmental impacts. We see the 

development of environmentally smart technologies as one of the key goals of R&amp;D efforts in the electronics sector. We 

continue to work alongside our principals and suppliers to develop more energy-efficient technologies, such as smart 

lighting and smart energy.

ENERGY

We regularly measure, monitor and review how we use electricity across our offices and warehouses to find ways to 

lower the consumption. Our employees do their part by turning off lights and air-conditioning in offices when they are 

not in use to save energy.

This report includes electricity, diesel, and fuel consumption data. In 2019, we purchased 977,130 kWh of power while the 

electricity intensity was 1,350 kWh per employee, a tad higher than in the prior year. However, overall energy consumption 

was lower at 4,035 GJ. Singapore, Hong Kong and China accounted for 95.4% of the total electricity used. The energy 

intensity was 5.6 GJ in 2019, slightly lower as compared to 5.7 GJ in the prior year.

CARBON DIOXIDE EMISSIONS

Our carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions originate from electricity consumption within our facilities and the combustion of 

fuels in our vehicles. We regularly track and monitor our carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions. In line with the Greenhouse 

Gas (GHG) Protocol, we report our Scope 1 and Scope 2 carbon dioxide emissions and exclude fugitive emissions from 

refrigerant gases that are not material.

In 2019, our total CO2 emissions from electricity, diesel and petrol consumption amounted to 659 tCO2. For the same 

period, our CO2 emission intensity was 0.91 tCO2 per employee, a little higher than 0.82 tCO2 in the preceding year. We 

will review our emissions pattern to understand the reasons for the rise and take the necessary steps to improve the 

intensity reasonably.

GENERAL WASTE

Our waste is mostly non-hazardous, limited to mainly packaging materials, which include cartons, plastic, strings, plastic 

wraps, wooden pallets, and paper. We make efforts to minimise, recycle and reuse waste where possible. We dispose 

of our waste through licensed contractors.

COMPLIANCE

We are committed to abiding by applicable environmental laws where we operate. There were no incidents of non-

compliance with environmental rules or regulations in the reporting year.

24

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

ENVIRONMENT

ENVIRONMENT


894,600

964,375

977,130

1,289

1,282

1,350

0.81

0.82

0.91

5.4

5.7

5.6

38

521

62

557

35

624

257

302

3,221

507

3,472

302

215

3,518

279

ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE

FY2017

FY2017

FY2018

FY2018

FY2019

FY2019

ELECTRICITY CONSUMPTION

ELECTRICITY USE INTENSITY

 kWh

 kWh Per Employee

FY2017

FY2017

FY2018

FY2018

FY2019

FY2019

CARBON DIOXIDE EMISSIONS tCO2

CARBON EMISSIONS INTENSITY

 Mobile (Scope 1)   

 Purchased Electricity (Scope 2)

 tCO2 Per Employee

FY2017

FY2017

FY2018

FY2018

FY2019

FY2019

ENERGY CONSUMPTION (GJ)

ENERGY INTENSITY

 Diesel     

 Petrol     

 Electricity

 GJ Per Employee

25

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

ENVIRONMENT


We are committed to maintaining trusted relationships with local communities through charitable contributions 

and employee volunteering.

We firmly believe in “We Share, We Care”. We set aside a budget every year to give back to society taking the business 

environment into account. Supporting Education, Forging Collaborative Partnerships, and Providing Opportunities for 

Employee Volunteering form the three pillars of our corporate social responsibility programme.

Our initiatives focus on helping children and youths and building the next generation of leaders. Our employees actively 

participate in community volunteering efforts.

A summary of our community initiatives over the past three years is presented below:



In support of Halogen Foundation Charity Golf Challenge 2019

FY2019

• In our continued support to National University of Singapore’s Innovation &amp; Design-Centric Programe (“iDCP”), 

Excelpoint provided a sponsorship of S$60,000 towards students’ emerging engineering and technological projects.

• We supported UOB Singapore’s Chinese New Year 2019 Donation Drive through a gift of S$21,888, where the event 

proceeds benefited Central Singapore Community Development Council, The Business Times Budding Artists Fund, 

The Straits Times School Pocket Money Fund, and The Red Pencil Singapore. In addition, we participated in their 

annual golf charity event with a donation of S$15,000.

• In collaboration with Singapore Management University, we made a gift for S$5,000 towards the university’s Excelpoint 

Resilience Award. This award will assist students who require financial assistance while achieving good academic 

standing.

• At Excelpoint, we believe that youth are our future and key to the next generation. We support Halogen Foundation 

and its youth empowering programmes to provide for every young person. We sponsored S$5,000 at Halogen 

Foundation’s Charity Golf Challenge in support of the latter’s efforts to help youths in need.

COMMUNITY

26

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

COMMUNITY










• In the heart of helping the communities, we made gifts 

to SP Heartware Fund S$10,000 to support needy 

elderly Singaporeans under Community Chest and a 

gift of S$8,000 to Siaw Lim Hood Sun Thong Temple.

• We extended our support to Sowers Action in China 

through its Sowers Action Sending Love Programme 

where we donated approximately S$6,300 (HK$36,000) 

to purchase 300 jackets for needy school children in 

Qinghai, China.

Community involvement in Sowers Action Sending Love Programme

FY2018

• Supporting Singapore Management University since 2014, our Excelpoint Bursary has continued into its fifth and 

final year, disbursing S$260,000 over five years for disadvantaged students to pursue their studies without financial 

worries.

• Since 2017, we have been funding National University of Singapore (“NUS”)’s Innovation &amp; Design Programme (“iDP”) 

(formely known as Innovation &amp; Design Centric Programme) to support students’ engineering and technological projects 

through a sponsorship of S$300,000 (to be disbursed over five years).

• We supported UOB Singapore’s Chinese New Year 2018 Donation Drive through a donation of S$20,888, where the 

event proceeds benefited Central Singapore Community Development Council, The Business Times Budding Artists 

Fund, The Straits Times School Pocket Money Fund, and The Red Pencil Singapore.

• We extended our support to Sowers Action in China through the following two programmes:

– Sowers Action Challenging 12 Hours Charity Marathon, where we donated approximately S$2,320 (HK$13,500) 

and actively participated in the 12km and 26km marathons.

– Sowers Action Sending Love Programme, where we donated approximately S$6,185 (HK$36,000) to purchase 

300 jackets for needy school children in Yunnan, China.

COMMUNITY

27

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

COMMUNITY


FY2017

• In collaboration with Singapore Management University since 2014, our Excelpoint Bursary has continued into its 

fourth year, dispersing a total of S$52,000 annually for five years for underprivileged students who could thus pursue 

their education and passion without having to worry about their financial issues.

• As we strongly believe that the spirit of innovation and enterprise starts from young, we were pleased to extend our 

inaugural support to two reputable tertiary institutions:

– National University of Singapore’s Innovation &amp; Design Centric Programme (iDCP), where we began funding 

students’ projects through sponsorship of S$300,000 (to be dispersed over five years). With this sponsorship, 

students would be able to engineer and market new ideas, products and technologies that could improve lives, 

enhance productivity, create opportunities and a better future for Singapore.

– Hong Kong University of Science and Technology’s iSTEAM Robotics Programme 2017 with a sponsorship of 

S$16,800 (HK$100,000). Students would be able to develop experiential learning for various disciplines, such as 

science, technology, engineering, and design, through robotics.

• We sponsored S$10,000 to Halogen Foundation’s Charity Golf Challenge 2017 event in Singapore, in support of 

the latter’s efforts to help youths in need. Like Halogen Foundation, we also believe in investing and empowering 

the youth of our nation. Hence, we participated in one of the foundation’s core programmes, Network for Teaching 

Entrepreneurship, to educate underprivileged children aged between 15 and 19 about leadership and entrepreneurship. 

In addition, as part of our staff engagement initiatives, we organised a movie night for all our staff, and extended 

sponsorship of S$10,000 to Halogen Foundation to arrange for a similar event for its staff.

• We donated S$5,000 to the UOB Heartbeat Run/Walk event, which is one of UOB Singapore’s key annual charity 

programmes to help raise funds for the needy.





Community programmes for Sowers Action in China



28

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

COMMUNITY


We are committed to creating long-term value for our shareholders and stakeholders by pursuing sustainable 

business growth.

Our annual report that details our financial performance, corporate governance and risk management is published 

separately in conformance with the Singapore Exchange’s (SGX) listing requirements. A summary of our economic 

performance extracted from our annual report is provided below. Please refer to financial statements in our Annual 

Report 2019, which can be retrieved from our Corporate website (http://excelpoint.listedcompany.com/ar.html) for more 

detailed information.

Economic Performance Indicators (US$’000)

FY2019

FY2018

FY2017

Revenue

976,976

1,255,975

1,146,394

Cost of sales

(922,790)

(1,188,142)

(1,085,487)

Income tax expenses

(336)

(293)

(2,125)

Profit after tax

1,599

8,103

8,098

Employee benefit expenses

(30,463)

(34,639)

(31,947)

Dividends declared

3,501

4,028

3,376

ANTI-CORRUPTION

Our Anti-bribery and Anti-corruption Policy prohibits the giving or receiving of bribes, making facilitation payments, and 

the giving or receiving of favours. The policy requires all employees, officers and directors to conduct business worldwide 

with integrity, transparency, and in compliance with applicable legal requirements relating to bribery and corruption.

We explain our anti-corruption policy to all employees at the time of work commencement. Also, our Employee Code 

of Conduct includes the Anti-corruption Policy to reinforce the importance of conducting business with integrity and 

transparency.

We also have in place a whistle-blowing policy and procedures for employees of the Group and other persons to raise concerns 

about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting, fraudulent behaviour and other significant matters.  Details of this 

policy is made available on the Company’s website (www.excelpoint.com). Possible improprieties such as suspected fraud, 

corruption, dishonest practices and other significant matters can be reported via email (wbc@excelpoint.com.sg).

There were no confirmed incidents of corruption during the reporting period.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

We review our corporate governance structure frequently to ensure that we comply with regulations. The Company has 

adopted the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (“the Code”) for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (“FY2019”) 

and is working to adopt other changes and recommendations where appropriate and applicable. For more details, please 

refer to our Corporate Governance report, which is available in our Annual Report 2019 pages 17 to 52.

SUPPLIERS

Our supply chain includes a mix of business partners, principals, vendors, customers to deliver electronics components 

for the electronics value chain. They are part of a global supply chain across many countries and we have regulated 

distribution contracts with them.

REGULATORY COMPLIANCE

We ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. There were no incidents of confirmed non-compliance with 

socio-economic rules in the reporting period.

ECONOMIC 

PERFORMANCE

29

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

ECONOMIC 

PERFORMANCE


GRI Content Index 

‘In accordance’ – Core

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Page Number(s) and/or URL(s)

GRI 101: Foundation 2016

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE

102-1 Name of the organisation

1

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services

2, 16, Annual Report (“AR”) 4-5

102-3 Location of headquarters

2, AR 15

102-4 Location of operations

2, AR 12-13

102-5 Ownership and legal form

AR 17, 112-113

102-6 Markets served

2, 16, AR 4-5, 12-13

102-7 Scale of the organisation

19, AR 6-7

102-8 Information on employees and other workers

22

102-9 Supply chain

29

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain

None

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach

15, 24

102-12 External initiatives

6, 24

102-13 Membership of associations

11

STRATEGY

102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker

4-5, AR 2-3

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour

3

GOVERNANCE

102-18 Governance structure

7, AR 15, 17-52

102-19 Delegating authority

7, AR 17-18

102-20 Executive-level responsibility for economic, 

environmental, and social topics

7

102-21 Consulting stakeholders on economic, 

environmental, and social topics

9-10, AR 50

102-22 Composition of the highest governance body and 

its committees

AR 20-21, 23

GRI 

CONTENT INDEX

GRI 

CONTENT INDEX

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

30


GRI Content Index 

‘In accordance’ – Core

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Page Number(s) and/or URL(s)

102-23 Chair of the highest governance body

AR 23

102-24 Nominating and selecting the highest governance 

body

AR 24-26

102-25 Conflicts of interest

AR 17, 24-25, 46

102-26 Role of highest governance body in setting 

purpose, values, and strategy

7, AR 17, 50

102-28 Evaluating the highest governance body’s 

performance

AR 36

102-29 Identifying and managing economic, 

environmental, and social impacts

7

102-30 Effectiveness of risk management processes

AR 42-44

102-31 Review of economic, environmental, and social 

topics

7, AR 50

102-32 Highest governance body’s role in sustainability 

reporting

7

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

102-40 List of stakeholder groups

9-10

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements

19

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders

9-10

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement

9-10, AR 50

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised

9-10

REPORTING PRACTICE

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements

AR 14

102-46 Defining report content and topic Boundaries

6, 13

102-47 List of material topics

13-15

102-48 Restatements of information

6

102-49 Changes in reporting

None

102-50 Reporting period

6

102-51 Date of most recent report

May 2019

102-52 Reporting cycle

6

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report

6

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards

6

102-55 GRI content index

30

102-56 External assurance

6

GRI 

CONTENT INDEX

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

31


GRI Content Index 

‘In accordance’ – Core

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Page Number(s) and/or URL(s)

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

GRI 103: 

Management 

approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundaries

13

103-2 The management approach and its components

15

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

15

GRI 201: Economic 

Performance 2016

201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed

29, AR 63-65

ANTI-CORRUPTION

GRI 103: 

Management 

approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundaries

13, 29

103-2 The management approach and its components

15, 29

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

15, 29

GRI 205:  

Anti-corruption 

2016

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken

29

ENERGY

GRI 103: 

Management 

approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundaries

13, 24

103-2 The management approach and its components

15, 24

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

15, 24

GRI 302: Energy 

2016

302-1 Energy consumption within the organisation

24-25

302-3 Energy intensity

24-25

EMISSIONS

GRI 103: 

Management 

approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundaries

13, 24

103-2 The management approach and its components

15, 24

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

15, 24

GRI 305: 

Emissions 2016

305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

24-25

305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

24-25

305-4 GHG emission intensity

24-25

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

GRI 103: 

Management 

approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundaries

13, 24

103-2 The management approach and its components

15, 24

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

15, 24

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 2016

307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations

24

GRI 

CONTENT INDEX

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

32


GRI Content Index 

‘In accordance’ – Core

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Page Number(s) and/or URL(s)

EMPLOYMENT

GRI 103: 

Management 

approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundaries

13, 14

103-2 The management approach and its components

15, 19

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

15, 19

GRI 401: 

Employment 2016

401-1 New Employee hires and employee turnover

21, 23

401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are 

not provided to temporary or part-time employees

20

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

GRI 103: 

Management 

approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundaries

13, 21

103-2 The management approach and its components

15, 21

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

15, 21

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and Safety 

2016

403-2 Types of injury and rate of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, absenteeism, and number of work-

related fatalities

21

TRAINING AND EDUCATION

GRI 103: 

Management 

approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundaries

13, 20

103-2 The management approach and its components

15, 20

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

15, 20

GRI 404: Training 

and Education 

2016

404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee

20

404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular 

performance and career development reviews

14

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES

GRI 103: 

Management 

approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundaries

13, 19

103-2 The management approach and its components

15, 19

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

15, 19

GRI 405: Diversity 

and Equal 

Opportunity 2016

405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees

19, 22, AR 22

NON-DISCRIMINATION

GRI 103: 

Management 

approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundaries

13, 19

103-2 The management approach and its components

15, 19

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

15, 19

GRI 406:  

Non-Discrimination 

2016

406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions 

taken

19

GRI 

CONTENT INDEX

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

33


GRI Content Index 

‘In accordance’ – Core

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Page Number(s) and/or URL(s)

LOCAL COMMUNITIES

GRI 103: 

Management 

approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundaries

13, 26

103-2 The management approach and its components

15, 26

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

15, 26

GRI 413: Local 

Communities 2016

413-1 Operations with local community engagement, 

impact assessments, and development programmes

26-28

CUSTOMER PRIVACY

GRI 103: 

Management 

approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundaries

18

103-2 The management approach and its components

18

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

18

GRI 418: Marketing 

and labelling

418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses of customer data

18

SOCIO-ECONOMIC COMPLIANCE

GRI 103: 

Management 

approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundaries

29

103-2 The management approach and its components

29

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

29

GRI 419:  

Socio-economic 

compliance 2016

419-1 Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area

24



GRI 

CONTENT INDEX

EXCELPOINT TECHNOLOGY LTD. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

34




Excelpoint Technology Ltd.

Company Registration No. 

200103280C

15 Changi Business Park Central 1

#06-00 Singapore 486057

T +65 6741 8966

F +65 6741 8980

www.excelpoint.com

