
 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2019 

 

 

 

 






 

2 

 

 

Contents 

Chairman’s Letter to Stakeholders .......................................................................................................... 3 

Organisation Profile ................................................................................................................................. 4 

Ezion’s Sustainability Story ..................................................................................................................... 6 

Ethics and Integrity ................................................................................................................................ 10 

Governance and Statement of the Board ............................................................................................. 11 

Stakeholder Engagement...................................................................................................................... 12 

Reporting Practice ................................................................................................................................. 13 

Protecting the Environment ................................................................................................................... 14 

Our People, Our Assets ........................................................................................................................ 16 

Contribution to Local Community .......................................................................................................... 19 

SGX Five Primary Components Index .................................................................................................. 20 

GRI Standards Content Index ............................................................................................................... 21 

 

 

 






 

3 

 

Chairman’s Letter to Stakeholders 

 

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

 

I am pleased to present the Sustainability Report of Ezion Holdings Limited (“Ezion” or “the Company”) 

and its subsidiaries (“the Group”) covering our Group’s performance from 1 January 2019 to 31 

December 2019 (“FY2019” or “the reporting period”). 

In this report, we disclose the Group’s sustainability efforts and performance in all aspects of our 

business strategy and operations. We actively engage our stakeholders and identify the sustainability 

issues material to them so as to progress in a sustainable manner.  

The Group owns and charters out strategic offshore assets to support the offshore energy market which 

are focused in production enhancement and extraction relates activities of the offshore oil and gas 

industry and also supports the offshore wind farm industry with their accommodation, loading, 

construction, installation and transportation capabilities. We strictly comply with environmental 

regulations and standards in our operations to conserve biodiversity, minimize impact on the 

environment and have a set of safety framework and policies in place to ensure the health and safety 

of our employees. 

The Group imposes a stringent and high standard of occupational health and safety guidelines to govern 

our operations. We adopt a zero-tolerance approach to any breach of regulatory and safety 

requirements to ensure a safe and conducive working environment.  

In FY2020, a newly discovered coronavirus emerged and resulted in the formidable COVID-19 outbreak 

which evolved into a global pandemic. During these unsettling times, we stay committed to prioritising 

the safety of our employees. We have implemented strict safety protocols and educated all staff on the 

necessary measures to ensure that they are well-prepared in keeping themselves safe. 

Ezion will engage with local communities on an ongoing basis to understand their needs including 

education and healthcare, and implement appropriate programmes to improve their overall well-being 

and create positive social impacts. 

Ultimately, we are steadfast in our belief that the Group’s long term success also depends on growing 

sustainably and creating a better future. 

 

Dr Wang Kai Yuen  

Chairman 

Ezion Holdings Limited 

 

 


 

4 

Organisation Profile  

 

Ezion is listed on the Main Board of the SGX-ST. The Group’s Liftboats and Jack-up Rigs are focused 

on production enhancement, extraction-related activities of the offshore oil &amp; gas industry and 

supporting the offshore wind farm industry.  

 

Liftboats and Jack-up Rigs 

 

We are engaged in the owning, chartering and management of Liftboats and Jack-up Rigs involved in 

the production and maintenance phase of the oil and gas industry as well as the offshore windfarm 

industry. 

 

Our Liftboats are designed to serve the offshore oil &amp; gas and wind farm industries by providing well 

services support work, platform work support, accommodation support and offshore platform 

decommissioning support.  

 

The Group has one of the youngest, largest and most modern Liftboat fleet in the world and is also one 

of the pioneers to promote self-propelled Liftboats in Asia and the Middle East. The Group is also the 

only operator in Southeast Asia that has a Liftboat fleet that can be used for offshore oil &amp; gas and wind 

farm operations.  

 

The Group is currently focusing on its fleet of Liftboats and looking to divest its non-core assets, namely, 

the Jack-Up Rigs. 

 

Offshore Wind Farms 

 

Ezion has ventured into the offshore wind farm business segment through strategic partnerships and 

securing global projects to support offshore wind farm construction. In December 2015, the Group 

entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with a Chinese state-owned enterprise to support 

offshore wind power installation projects in China. In 2016, the Group secured a contract in the United 

Kingdom and in 2018, another contract in Germany to support offshore wind farm construction. 

Ezion continues to support offshore wind development projects in China and the Group is looking to 

further increase its presence in this industry. 

 

Decommissioning  

 

Ezion supported decommissioning projects for national oil company in South East Asia. We supported 

their plugging and abandonment process and will further venture into such projects. 

 

 

 




 

5 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Please refer to our Annual Report 2019 for Corporate Information and Financial Highlights. 

 

 

 










 

6 

 

Ezion’s Sustainability Story  

 

Sustainability Philosophy 

Ezion specializes in the development, ownership and chartering of strategic offshore assets to support 

the offshore energy market. The Group has set a strategic direction of being a market leader in Liftboat 

for both the offshore oil &amp; gas as well as the wind farm market. 

 

 

Sustainability Targets 

 

Ezion has set targets to achieve a more sustainable business operation in the future. We endeavour to 

demonstrate continuous improvement on delivering our environmental management and protection 

efforts to reduce our environmental impact, as well as to benefit the community and our employees. 

The Group will continue to foster and deepen its social responsibility awareness and philosophy of 

sustainable development, while strictly complying with the laws and regulations of the countries where 

we operate and distribute.  

Below is a summary table of the Group’s sustainability targets and performance during the reporting 

period. 

 

 



Our Environment

Protecting our environment is of high priority to the Group. We are conscious of

the impact that our projects have on the environment, and shall continue to

monitor and measure these impacts and also uphold our energy saving standards.

We will comply with all relevant regulations and play an active role in protecting

the environment through innovative methods.







Workplace Health and Safety

We are aware that workplace health and safety is critical as our operations pose 

occupational hazards for our seafarers and staff. Ensuring workplace health and 

safety for our employees is our highest priority. 







Our People

Our employees are our greatest asset. We will develop, reward and retain 

hardworking and passionate employees of the highest calibre. 





Our Community 

We have a massive global footprint and our global operations have a significant

impact on the local communities. We encourage innovation and implement a ‘hire-

local’ policy to benefit the community.






 

7 

 

 

Environmental Performance in FY2019 

FY2019 Target 

Performance Update 

 

Reduce energy consumption and GHG 

emissions 

 

- 

Digitalisation of Safety Management System has 

been implemented, and vessels have direct 

access to the company documents via the secured 

FTP. 

- 

Implemented sustainable commute for office staff 

by providing transportation services, thereby 

reducing the use of private transport 

- 

Direct GHG emission decreased due to decreased 

activity and changes to fleet composition. 

- 

Enhanced the planned maintenance system 

(“PMS”) to align with the Oil Companies 

International Marine Forum (“OCIMF”) Standards 

with 

the 

purpose 

to 

maximise 

equipment 

performance and operational efficiency. 

 

 

Zero leak of waste and effluents 

 

- 

Achieved zero leak of waste and effluents. 

- 

Proper 

waste 

disposal 

and 

management 

measures 

incorporated 

in 

daily 

operations 

onboard of vessels in compliance with the Group’s 

Waste Management Plan. 

 

 

Zero incidents of environmental non-

compliance 

 

- 

Achieved zero incident of environmental non-

compliance. 

 

Environmental Targets for FY2020 

FY2020 Target 

Action Plan 

 

Reduce energy consumption and GHG 

emissions 

 

- 

Effective implementation of sulphur content limit 

on fuel onboard to not exceed 0.5% m/m and 

0.10% to minimise hazardous emissions. 

 

 

Zero leak of waste and effluents 

 

- 

Strict implementation and monitoring of preventive 

maintenance programme which includes proactive 

approach to safeguard reliability of equipment 

onboard, thus eliminating leaks and loss of 

containment. 

 

 

Zero incidents of environmental non-

compliance 

 

- 

Strict compliance with all statutory and local 

environmental 

regulations 

through 

regular 

inspections and audit of vessel. 

- 

Only use approved shore facilities to dispose 

industrial waste, especially hazardous waste. 

- 

Adopt OCIMF Guidelines for Safety Critical 

Equipment and Spare Part Guidance to identify 

safety critical equipment that may harm the 

environment.  

 

 

 

 


 

8 

Social Performance in FY2019 

FY2019 Target 

Performance Update 

 

Zero 

occupational 

health 

and 

safety 

incidents 

 

- 

Achieved total recordable incident rate (“TRIR”) of 

zero and lost time incident rate (“LTIR”) of zero. 

- 

Enhanced PMS to ensure safe and reliable vessel 

operations. 

 

 

Training and development of staff 

 

- 

Achieved 12 training hours per employee. 

- 

Completed 2 Senior Leadership Preparatory 

Programs and simulator assessment for potential 

Masters and Chief Engineers. 

 

Social Targets for FY2020 

FY2020 Target 

Action Plan 

 

Zero 

occupational 

health 

and 

safety 

incidents 

 

- 

Effective transition from OHSAS 18001 to ISO 

45001 standards which enables the company to 

adopt a risk-based approach to the OH&amp;S system 

to ensure that it is effective and continually 

improved to meet the organisation’s ever-

changing context. 

- 

Adopt OCIMF Guidelines for Safety Critical 

Equipment and Spare Part Guidance to identify 

safety critical equipment that may result in 

occupational health and safety incidents. 

 

 

15 training hours per employee 

 

- 

Monthly training schedules have been rolled out 

for both the office and vessels to conduct monthly 

training programs covering various key lessons 

learned and industry guidelines related to the 

management system to meet the minimum 

training hours per employee.  

 

 

Zero incidents of socioeconomic non-

compliance 

 

- 

Operate in strict compliance with applicable social 

and economic laws and regulations. 

 

 

 

Our Achievements - Noteworthy Awards 

 

Ezion has been lauded for its achievements in ensuring the health and safety of its operations as well 

as its employees. The Group strives to continuously uphold its strong safety record and vessel 

performance. The Group’s past achievements are as follows: 

 

Date 

Organisation 

Achievement 

Remarks 

 

26 November 

2019 

 

Brunei Energy 

Industry Integrity 

Pact 

 

Certificate of 

Commitment 

 

Awarded 

to 

our 

fully 

owned 

subsidiary, Teras Offshore Pte Ltd 

and 

certifies 

high 

standards 

of 

integrity and business ethics, strong 

culture 

of 

accountability, 

transparency and anti-corruption in 

business operations. 

 

 

November 2019 

 

Vantage Energy 

Group 

 

Certificate of 

Appreciation for 

Best Contractor 

 

 

Awarded 

to 

our 

fully 

owned 

subsidiary, Teras Fortress 2 Pte Ltd. 


 

9 

Certificate of Commitment by Brunei Energy Industry Integrity Pact 

 

 

 

Certificate of Appreciation for Best Contractor of the Month by Vantage Energy Group 

 










 

10 

 

 

Ethics and Integrity  

 

Ezion works diligently to ensure our employees adhere to the highest standards of ethics and integrity 

and comply with applicable regulations and professional codes of conduct.  

 

The Group is a new signatory to the Brunei Energy Industry Integrity Pact in 2019, pledged and 

committed to the following 10 summarised principles: 

 

Prohibition of bribery and facilitation of payments in business activities; 

 

Code of Conduct in place and principles disseminated to staff and contractors; 

 

Consistent consequence management for violations of the code and principles; 

 

Visible training programs and communications in place; 

 

Disclosure and avoidance of conflicts of interest; 

 

Avoidance of gifts and hospitality which can lead to perceived influence or conflicts; 

 

Governance and internal controls / policies in place; 

 

Raising concerns, whistleblowing mechanisms, speaking free of retaliation; 

 

Investigations conducted impartially, fairly and in timely fashion, full collaboration with Anti-

corruption Bureau; and 

 

Zero tolerance, refrain from doing business with those who demonstrate poor integrity and 

ethical practices.   

 

The Group is also a member of the Brunei Energy Industry Integrity Working Group tasked with the 

management and oversight of the Company’s compliance efforts to ensure that the Company abides 

by the agreed principles. This working group will partner with the Brunei Ministry of Energy and the Anti-

Corruption Bureau to maintain alignment and foster continued collaboration and dialogue in the area of 

business integrity.   

 

Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy  

GRI 205-1, 205-2, 205-3 

 

The Group has implemented an anti-bribery and corruption policy where we adopt a zero-tolerance 

approach towards unethical behaviour and is committed to always comply with all anti-bribery and 

corruption laws where we do business. All new staff are briefed on the established Code of Conduct 

during their orientation. 

To ensure that our staff conduct themselves in a professional manner when dealing with clients and 

vendors, the Group requires staff to declare receipt of gifts from third parties. To avoid putting staff in a 

compromising position, in particular those holding senior positions and those having to deal with 

vendors, staff are to declare any conflict of interest, both potential or real, on a regular basis or as and 

when they deem timely. The Group does not condone bribery and corruption by third parties and/or 

government entities.  

The Group has provided accessible channels for employees, shareholders, clients, consultants and 

suppliers to raise concerns on possible improprieties in financial reporting, fraudulent acts and other 

irregularities. These communication channels ensure independent investigations and timely 

implementation of appropriate preventive and corrective actions.  

In FY2019, there was no confirmed incident of corruption or any whistleblowing report.  

 

 


 

11 

 

Governance and Statement of the Board  

 

Ezion’s Board and Senior Management assess sustainability issues as part of the strategic formulation 

of the Group. The Board is supported by the management’s Sustainability Task Force (“STF”) 

comprising heads of different business units which help to spearhead sustainability efforts in the 

organization. The STF is chaired by the Chief Financial Officer who will oversee achievement of all 

sustainability targets and report to the Board.  

The Board incorporates sustainability issues into the strategic formulation of the Group. The Board with 

the assistance of the STF determines the material environmental, social and economic factors, and 

ensures that the factors identified are well-managed and monitored. 

Ezion adopts a precautionary approach in strategic decision making and daily operations by 

implementing a comprehensive Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) framework which is aligned with 

the requirements of ISO 31000:2018 Risk Management framework. To enhance the effectiveness of 

the ERM framework, the Group implemented Orion ERM system, a third party software that automates 

the risk management, internal control and assurance functions and enables these functions to be 

managed on an integrated platform. On a yearly basis, a Group-wide assessment is conducted to 

update the firm’s risk profile in the ERM framework and reflects changing business risk exposures and 

addresses the significant and relevant risks to the Group. 

Please refer to the Corporate Governance Report in our 2019 Annual Report for more information on 

our corporate governance practices and risk management structure. 

 

 


 

12 

Stakeholder Engagement  

 

We engage with all of our stakeholders through a variety of channels to update them about Ezion’s 

developments and gather their feedback. We identify stakeholders as groups that have an impact, or 

have the potential to be impacted by our business, as well as external organisations that have expertise 

in topics that we consider material. The feedback we receive from our stakeholders helps us to 

determine our material topics and identify our focus areas as the following: 

 

Stakeholders 

Engagement platforms 

Issues of Concern 

Section Reference 

Employees 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Well-structured and 

open annual 

performance appraisal 

system to link 

performance with 

remuneration 

 Employee training and 

occupational safety 

courses 

 

Remuneration and 

benefits 

 

Training and 

development 

 

Ethics and conduct 

 

Workplace health and 

safety 

 

 

 

Ethics and 

Integrity 

 

Our People, Our 

Assets 

 

Workplace Health 

and Safety 

 

 

 

Suppliers 

 

 

 

 

 Weekly update with 

suppliers 

 

 

 

 

Health and safety 

 

Environmental 

compliance 

 

Economic performance 

 

Ethics and conduct 

 

Workplace Health 

and Safety 

 

Protecting the 

Environment 

 

Customers 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Annual Reports 

 Sustainability Reporting 

 Company website 

 Company presentation 

deck/ brochure 

 Fleet list 

 Customer feedback 

 Emails, calls, 

conferencing an in-

person meetings/ 

lobbying 

 

Transparency of 

operations 

 

Supply data 

 

Business continuity 

strategies 

 

Economic, 

environmental, social 

and governance 

(EESG) performance 

 

Corporate mission and 

core values 

 

Refer to Financial 

Highlights,  

Operations Review 

and Corporate 

Governance report 

in the Annual 

Report 

 

Protecting the 

Environment 

 

Our People, Our 

Assets 

Governments &amp; 

Regulators 

 

 

 

 

 

 SGX quarterly 

announcements  

 Annual Reports  

 Sustainability Reporting 

 Ongoing dialogues 

 

 

 

Environmental 

compliance  

 

Compliance with both 

global and local 

maritime laws 

 

Compliance with labour 

laws 

 

Protecting the 

Environment 

 

Workplace Health 

and Safety 

 

Our People, Our 

Assets 

 

Community 

 

 

 

 Community Services 

Engagement  

 

 

 

Environmental impact  

 

Social development  

 

 

 

Protecting the 

Environment 

 

Contribution to 

local economy 

Shareholders 

and investors 

 

 

 

 

 Annual Reports  

 Investor Relations 

Management  

 Annual General 

Meeting and 

Extraordinary Meeting 

 

Economic performance  

 

Anti-corruption 

 

 

 

 

 

Refer to Financial 

Highlights in the 

Annual Report 

 

 

 


 

13 

 

Reporting Practice 

 

This sustainability report is produced in accordance with the GRI Standards “Core” Option covering 

the Group’s performance in FY2019. 

 

The GRI Standards represent global best practices for reporting on economic, environmental and social 

topics. The report also incorporates the primary components of report content as set out by the SGX’s 

“Comply or Explain” requirements on sustainability reporting under Listing Rule 711B. The Group has 

assessed that external assurance is not required as the Group is laying the foundations for a 

sustainability reporting framework this year. This report supplements the Group’s Annual Report 2019 

and is available online at: http://www.ezionholdings.com. 

 

Detailed section references with GRI Standards can be found on the GRI Index Page.  

 

Ezion’s material topics are identified based on their impact on our internal and external stakeholders, 

as outlined in the Stakeholder Engagement Section. 

 

Key Sustainability Topics 

Boundaries 

ECONOMIC 

GRI202: Market Presence 

Group-wide 

GRI203: Indirect Economic Impacts 

GRI204: Procurement Practices 

GRI205: Anti-Corruption 

ENVIRONMENT 

GRI302: Energy 

Group-wide 

GRI304: Biodiversity 

GRI306: Effluents and Waste 

GRI307: Environmental Compliance 

GRI308: Supplier environmental assessment 

SOCIAL 

GRI401: Employment 

Group-wide 

GRI403: Occupational Health and Safety 

GRI404: Training and Education 

GRI405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

GRI408: Child Labour 

GRI409: Forced or Compulsory Labour 

GRI412: Human Rights Assessment 

GRI413: Local communities 

GRI414: Supplier Social Assessment 

GRI416: Customer Health &amp; Safety 

GRI419: Socioeconomic Compliance 

 

 


 

14 

Protecting the Environment 

 

Ezion operates in strict compliance with environmental laws and regulations as well as taking the 

necessary steps to protect the environment. The Group is committed to increase efforts in reducing any 

negative environmental impact. Our management assesses all identified environmental risks of the 

vessels and our operations and establishes appropriate safeguards. 

The Group is dedicated in our commitment to the protection of the environment and the community at 

large. This commitment transcends from the senior management down to the entire hierarchy of the 

Company’s reach. We will regularly establish and review our environmental objectives and targets. 

Teras Offshore Pte Ltd (“Teras”), a fully owned subsidiary of Ezion is ISO 14001:2015 (Environmental 

Management Standard) certified. The management strictly complies with ISO standards in our 

operations, including the enhancement of environmental performance as well as the achievement of 

our environmental obligations and objectives. 

By committing to sustainable operations, we look forward to maximise environmental protection and 

minimise operational costs. 

Energy and Emissions Management  

GRI 302-1, 302-3, 302-5 

The Group is committed to managing our energy consumption and greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions 

in a sustainable manner. Ezion has implemented various initiatives targeted at reducing energy 

consumption both in the office as well as on the vessels and rigs utilised by the Group.  

Our vessels implement the Ship Energy Efficiency Management Plan (“SEEMP”) which is in compliance 

with International Maritime Organisation Marine Pollution (“IMO MARPOL”) Annex VI for the reduction 

of GHG emissions.  

We strive to achieve energy efficient operations through thorough planning, implementation, monitoring 

and review of energy efficiency measures within a continuous improvement management cycle. Our 

measures include the following: 

- 

Monitor fuel consumption and reduce fuel wastage; 

- 

Reduce heat/energy loss; and 

- 

Train vessel staff in energy efficiency. 

To further reduce our carbon footprint on board, non-operational vessels are subjected to strict 

measures such as efficient utilisation of equipment and reduced manning to conserve fuel consumption. 

Effective utilities management and utility energy conservation training programmes are provided to all 

personnel on board (“POB”) of operational vessels to reduce fuel and utilities energy consumption. 

Resources such as seafarers, resources and transportation are maximised to eliminate wastage, and 

signages and posters are posted on board to promote awareness. 

In FY2020, aside from our current energy conservation efforts, we will strictly comply with the 2020 

Global Sulphur Cap for Ships’ Fuel Oil in accordance with MARPOL Annex VI. This means that the 

sulphur content of fuel oil used on board outside sulphur Emission Control Areas (ECAs)2 will not 

exceed 0.50% m/m. The 0.50% sulphur limit is a significant reduction from the current global limit of 

3.50% m/m which has been in place since 2012. There are no additional investment or actions required 

for the Group to comply with new limit as all of our vessels are designed to run on low sulphur.  

Managing Biodiversity  

GRI 304-1, 304-2, 304-3 

Ezion carries out many business activities in the sea, including managing and operating liftboats and 

rigs. Given the nature and locality of our operations, the marine ecosystem is integral to our business. 

The Group is aware of the importance of preserving the ecosystem to ensure sustainable economic 

growth.  

 

 


 

15 

 

Undoubtedly, our business activities in the sea carry certain environmental risks, such as sea pollution 

and oil spills. As such, we have an environmental management plan in place to protect the surrounding 

ecosystem of our operations. The Group also implemented an Environmental and Social Assessment 

to measure the environmental impact of our operations and drive at the importance of saving the 

environment. 

 

By having zero tolerance environmental pollution, Ezion hopes to protect and preserve biodiversity 

where operational activities are carried out. 

Effluents and Waste Management 

GRI 306-1, 306-2, 306-3, 306-5 

The Group has zero tolerance for spillage of harmful chemicals. We have adequate effluents and waste 

management principles that are in line with the “International Management Code for the Safe 

Operations of Ships and for Pollution Prevention” (“ISM Code”) and ISO 14001:2015.   

Ezion has a marine environmental management plan which underlines the procedures and process in 

the management of spillage. There are robust risk management and preventive measures for activities 

with high spillage risk. There were zero oil and chemical spills in FY2019. 

In addition, we dispose our old ships by recycling them in a safe and environmentally sound manner in 

accordance to the Hong Kong International Convention and the EU Ship Recycling Regulations. The 

Convention is aimed at ensuring that ships, when being recycled after reaching the end of their 

operational lives, do not pose any unnecessary risk to human health and safety or the environment. 

The EU Ship Recycling Regulations aims to reduce the negative impacts linked to the recycling of ships 

by ensuring that proper vessel dismantling methods are used to achieve safe disposal or recycling of 

all ship components, including hazardous materials. As such, we have an environmentally sound ship 

recycling management in place to ensure that ship recycling is operated in accordance with human 

health and environmental protection standards that are broadly equivalent to relevant international 

standards. 

 

Managing our Suppliers  

GRI 308-1, 308-2 

Ezion requires its vendors and suppliers to strictly comply with the environmental standards and policies 

governed by Teras. We also assess our major suppliers on their environmental impacts and 

responsibility on an annual basis. The assessment requires suppliers to disclose their financial stability, 

licensing and specific certifications such as ISO9001, ISO14001 and OHSAS 18001 which relate to 

responsibility of environment accreditation. 

Annual appraisals on the performance of all key suppliers in terms of environmental regulation 

compliance will be carried out to ascertain that the environment is not compromised by the activities of 

Ezion’s suppliers. 

In FY2019, there was no incident of environmental non-compliance along our supply chain. 

 

Environmental Compliance   

GRI 307-1 

Ezion has also put in place an internal audit system to ensure conformance and effective 

implementation of its Integrated Management System (“IMS”). External audits are conducted by ABS 

Group to certify our management system onboard our assets to ensure compliance with ISM and ISO 

14001 Standards. 

The IMS is reviewed annually to promote continuous improvement. We ensure that the system is in 

strict compliance with mandatory rules, applicable codes, guidelines and standards recommended by 

the IMO, Administrations, Classifications Societies and maritime industry organisations regulations 

applicable to both ships and shore-based operations. 

There was no incident of non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations in FY2019.  


 

16 

 

Our People, Our Assets 

 

Ezion is committed to the development, safety and wellbeing of our staff. We value and fairly 

remunerate our staff, and treat everyone equally and with respect.  

 

The Group stands committed to protecting the health and safety of our employees and by extension, 

the community. We strive for zero fatal accidents in all operations and have implemented measures to 

ensure workplace safety. 

Workplace Health and Safety  

GRI 403-1, 403-2, 403-3, 416-1, 416-2 

Teras Offshore Pte Ltd (“Teras”) is certified to the Occupational Health &amp; Safety Management Standard, 

OHSAS 18001.  This Standard applies to the Management of both occupational health and safety 

including the enhancement of goals and objectives performance. 

As part of our continual improvement, Teras will be transiting from OHSAS 18001 to the new ISO 

45001:2018 in 2020.  The new International standard provides a framework to manage and continuously 

improve Occupational Health and Safety (OH&amp;S) within Teras. This new standard adopts a risk-based 

approach to the OH&amp;S system to ensure that it is effective and being continually improved to meet the 

organization’s ever-changing context. It introduces the common ‘Annex SL1’ structure which provides 

compatibility with other ISO standards including ISO 9001 and ISO 14001, and enables the organization 

to integrate OH&amp;S within the business processes which will contribute to prevention of accidents and 

long and short-term ill health effects.  

This transition enables us to take a proactive approach in risk control by incorporating health and safety 

in the overall management system of the organization, thus steering the top management to have a 

stronger leadership role in the safety and health program. 

To protect the health and safety of our employees, we have implemented stringent policies and 

operational procedures to govern all offshore activities. Strict compliance with these policies are 

enforced by the Group to protect our employees. We conduct regular maintenance of our fleet and 

equipment to ensure safety of the users, primarily our seafarers and staff.  

Liftboats Operations 

As our operations are in diverse parts of the world where illnesses and diseases are not uncommon, 

we have implemented various medical policies to minimise the health risk of our employees working in 

such areas. Ezion has established various medical response plans such as Influenza, Ebola, Lassa 

Fever, Tuberculosis and Malaria plans as part of our emergency response plan. This allows us to 

respond to the threat of serious diseases in a timely manner by putting in place appropriate measures 

to mitigate risk.  

The Health, Safety, Environment and Quality Assurance (“HSEQA”) Department regularly disseminates 

medical and travel advice to all office and seafarers. Doctors and medics are stationed on board our 

Liftboats to provide medical responses and conduct weekly regular hygiene inspections to mitigate 

health risks of our employees.  

In addition, Ezion is committed to preventing safety hazards at all cost, be it onboard at sea or in port. 

To achieve zero safety incidents, we conduct regular vessel safety checks and maintenance to ensure 

that all vessels operate at the industry’s highest safety standard. We also have strict implementation of 

safety measures and practices to mitigate safety risks. 

Offshore Wind Farm Operations 

The site safety of our wind farm installation and construction is managed by a Health, Safety and 

Environmental (“HSE”) Committee comprising qualified personnel. The Committee works hard to 

provide a safe working environment and promotes safe working practices in all daily operations.  

 


 

17 

 

Our management assesses all identified risks to the employees and establishes appropriate safeguards. 

We monitor all incidents and accidents for timely address and institute mitigating and preventive controls 

to protect the safety of our employees.   

Our incident / accident statistic for both Liftboat and wind farm operations are as follows: 

 

 

2019 

2018 

2017 

2016 

Fatality 

0 

0 

0 

0 

Lost Time Injury 

0 

1 

0 

0 

First Aid 

3 

0 

2 

2 

Recordable Medical Treatment Case 

0 

1 

2 

2 

Total Recordable Frequency Rate (TRFR) 

0 

1.129 

1.0751 

1.056 

Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTFR) 

0 

0.564 

0 

0 

 

In FY2019, there was no incident of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of our 

liftboats, rigs and wind farm operations.  

 

 

Employee Diversity 

GRI 405-1 

Ezion is an equal opportunity employer. Our employment practices are non-discriminatory in nature and 

are based solely on job-related factors. Our employees are remunerated, employed and promoted 

based on performance, and the potential and willingness to take on higher responsibilities or job scopes, 

without reference to any distinction or preference made on the basis of race, national origin, religion, 

sex or marital status. 

As at end of FY2019, our total staff strength stood at 103 employees. 

 

Due to the massive geographical coverage of our shipping operations, we employ seafarers and 

employees from more than 20 countries around the world.  

 

 

 

 

6.8%

44.7%

7.8%

6.8%

31.1%

2.9%

13.6%

75.7%

10.7%

0%

10%

20%

30%

40%

50%

60%

70%

80%

BELOW 30

BETWEEN 30 TO 50

ABOVE 50

Our Workforce

Male

Female


 

18 

 

Employee Benefits  

GRI 401-2, 401-3 

Ezion values our employees who are the backbone of our organisation. We commit to protect employee 

welfare and have various schemes to ensure that our employees receive fair employee benefits.  

Ezion’s employee benefits, in addition to remunerating staff based on market standards of the countries 

that we operate in, is also aligned to local legislations and market practices through providing 

competitive benefits scheme for our full-time staff. In addition, our employees can continue to work in 

Ezion on a permanent employment contract without wage reduction for the same job scope when they 

reach official retirement age.  

Training and Career Development  

GRI 404-1, 404-2, 404-3 

The Group believes that having a well-trained workforce is what keeps the Group at the forefront of its 

business activities. Training is an important aspect of the Company’s commitment to the development 

of our employees. We conduct annual performance appraisals to cultivate a developmental training 

program for our employees that optimises their career and professional development. 

In addition to optimising employee development, performance appraisals are conducted to promote 

staff engagement, retention and performance. Employees are appraised on their performance and 

progress with their respective managers and meaningful career targets are set.  

In FY2019, we achieved 12 training hours per employee to enhance their skills. We conducted two 

Senior Leadership Preparatory Programme (“SLPP”) where senior officers undergo company-specific 

leadership programmes before they assume command on board our Liftboats as Master and Chief 

Engineers. The SLPP includes assessment on our Lifeboat Simulator, a full mission ship handling 

simulator built in accordance with our Liftboat specifications, where senior officers are assessed on 

their manoeuvring skills, bridge resource management and emergency response.   

Holistically, the Group conducts Townhall meetings to promote staff communication and the company’s 

strategic direction. Despite the industry downturn that the company is experiencing, we abstain from 

retrenchment exercises.  

Gender Equality  

GRI 405-2 

The Group believes in remunerating all employees fairly based on their ability and performance. Basic 

remuneration for the Group’s employees are equal, regardless of their gender. We uphold the principle 

of employee fairness and equitable remuneration without placing gender into the equation. 

Ethical Labour Management  

GRI 408-1, 409-1, 412-1, 414-1 

Ezion prides itself as a good global corporate citizen. We require all vessels to be in strict compliance 

with the Maritime Labour Convention (“MLC”), which is an international labour organisation that 

embodies all up-to-date standards of existing international maritime labour conventions and 

recommendations, as well as the fundamental principles to be found in other international labour 

conventions.  

Under this convention, we stay committed to protect the individual rights and standards of living of our 

seafarers on-board. All grievances and disputes among the seafarers onboard are fully documented 

and properly addressed. We also conduct regular site visits by shore personal (e.g. HSE, operations, 

technical and management) to gather feedback on areas of improvement from the seafarers. 

We do not condone the engagement of child labour or forced labour in our work. We ensure that our 

operations comply with human rights policies and procedures, and we strictly abide to acceptable 

societal norms on how we carry out our work.  


 

19 

 

In addition, we uphold the same principles in the appointment of labour suppliers. In this respect, we 

usually engage suppliers of reputable standing, whom we believe share the same values and practices 

in labour management.  

Workforce Compliance  

GRI 419-1 

The Group endeavours to be a socially responsible employer. Ezion’s commitment to strict compliance 

with all applicable codes, regulations and guidelines is reflected and documented in its HSE policy and 

its comprehensive IMS. The IMS is fully implemented across the company and the fleet is audited 

internally and externally (e.g. Classifications Society, Flag State, and client for compliance.  

During FY2019, all vessels operated by Ezion had fully complied with the applicable codes, rules, and 

guidelines, standard as required by the IMO, Administrations, Classification societies and Maritime 

industries. There were no instances of non-compliance, PSC detention or any fines imposed on any 

vessel operated by the Group.  

 

 

Contribution to Local Community 

 

Ezion’s operations span the entire globe and have an impact on local economies. We hope to have a 

positive impact on local economies through procurement and hiring practices. Efforts to innovate and 

enhance our operations potentially stimulate innovation and create greater working opportunities in 

local communities.  

 

Indirect Economic Impacts  

GRI 202-1, 203-2, 204-1 

Ezion’s global operations result in a business footprint that spans across multiple countries. The 

company is committed to making economic contributions to the countries in which it operates in through 

paying its fair share of corporate taxes to the governing bodies of the countries. We adhere strictly to 

the business framework set up in each country to ensure we are in compliance with the business ethics 

of operations.  

Enhancing employment opportunities in the local community 

We employ seafarers and employees from more than 20 countries around the world and we strictly 

comply with national minimum wage laws. We believe that by providing local communities with more 

job opportunities, we have a chance to stimulate their economic and social development. 

Developing offshore wind energy infrastructure creates jobs in component manufacturing, turbine 

installation, facility operation and maintenance, and other various areas which indirectly support these 

activities. Manufacturing requires skilled labourers who design and build towers, rotor blades, 

generators, hubs, substation interconnects, and assorted electronic controls which make up a wind 

turbine power generating platform. Installation typically involves local construction firms which help to 

boost local economies.  

As such, the operation and maintenance needs of wind farms create permanent and high-quality local 

jobs. With an increase in employment and income level, consumer demand and spending in the 

community increases, resulting in overall economic and social development.  

Procurement Practices Opportunities 

The economic impact of building an offshore wind farm extends well beyond the direct jobs created by 

building and installing the equipment. Each dollar invested creates impacts that ripple outwards 

throughout the local economy and creates indirect jobs for suppliers of intermediates, components and 

services. In addition, all new workers require housing, food and other necessities that will be purchased 

locally.  


 

20 

 

The Group’s Manufacturers, Developers and Contractors require support in cranes, transportation, 

labour, accommodation and subsistence which are sourced locally. During our operations, there will be 

additional demands for inputs from industries that sell non-labour goods and services directly to the 

project (i.e. raw materials, equipment and tools, industrial or manufacturing required services, etc.).  

Skills upgrading 

The Group works with local companies during the execution of its projects. The staff at local companies 

will develop skills and capabilities that will change the productivity of the industry and benefit the 

economy in the long term.  

Training and developing workforce readiness of the locals is a very important part in developing a work 

ready community. Using the skills and knowledge of external developers and contractors as a model, 

community colleges, universities and unions can be enlisted to offer specialised training to the local 

community, thereby increasing the workforce quality of the community. 

Engagement with Training Institution 

Teras has accepted local seafarers and participated in various government programmes to encourage 

the employment and expansion of local seafarers. We have also engaged in talks with the Singapore 

Maritime Academy for possible recruitment of students from the Diploma in Nautical Studies to take up 

internship programmes with the Company. This is in strong support of the Singapore government’s aim 

to attract and groom more Singaporean seafarers for further growth in the maritime industry. 

To further support seafaring careers, we introduced liftboat operations to the Maritime and Port Authority 

of Singapore and encouraged the recognition of sea time accrued onboard the liftboats for the seafarers 

so as to help with their career progression.  

Additionally, we have engaged the local Brunei Maritime Academy in Brunei and successfully recruited 

deck and engine cadets for training onboard our liftboat and embarkation to develop their marine career. 

 

Community Engagement  

GRI 413-1 

 

The Group endeavours to achieve a sustainable development of the local communities where we 

operate in. As such, we will engage with local communities on an ongoing basis to understand their 

needs including education and healthcare, and implement appropriate community engagement 

programmes to improve their overall well-being. 

 

 

SGX Five Primary Components Index  

 

S/N 

Primary Component  

Section Reference  

1 

 

Material Topics  

 

 

Stakeholder Engagement  

 

Reporting Practice 

2 

 

 

 

 

Policies, Practices and 

Performance  

 

 

 

Chairman’s Message 

 

Ezion’s Sustainability Story 

 

Protecting the Environment  

 

Our People, Our Assets 

 

Contribution to the Local Community  

3 

Board Statement  

Governance and Statement of the Board 

4 

Targets  

Ezion’s Sustainability Story 

5 

Framework  

Reporting Practice 


 

21 

 

GRI Standards Content Index  

 

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Organisation Profile 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Organisation Profile 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Organisation Profile 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Organisation Profile 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Organisation Profile 

102-6 

Markets served 

Organisation Profile 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Organisation Profile 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Organisation Profile 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Organisation Profile 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain 

Organisation Profile 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Governance &amp; 

Statement of the 

Board 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Organisation Profile 

102-13 

Membership of associations  

Organisation Profile 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

Chairman’s Letter to 

Stakeholders 

102-15 

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities 

Chairman’s Letter to 

Stakeholders, 

Ezion’s Sustainability 

Story  

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour  

Ethics and Integrity  

102-17 

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-18 

Governance structure  

Governance and 

Statement of the 

Board 

102-40 

List of stakeholder Companies  

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders  

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries  

Reporting Practice  


 

22 

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

202-1 

Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender 

compared to local minimum wage 

Indirect Economic 

Impacts 

203-2 

Significant indirect economic impacts 

Indirect Economic 

Impacts 

204-1 

Proportion of spending on local suppliers 

Indirect Economic 

Impacts 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

Ethics and Integrity 

205-2 

Communication and training on anti-corruption policies 

and procedures 

Ethics and Integrity 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

Ethics and Integrity 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organization 

Energy and Emissions 

Management 

302-3 

Energy intensity 

Energy and Emissions 

Management 

302-5 

Reductions in energy requirements of products and 

services 

Energy and Emissions 

Management 

304-1 

Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or 

adjacent to, protected areas and areas of high 

biodiversity value outside protected areas 

Managing Biodiversity 

304-2 

Significant impacts of activities, products, and services 

on biodiversity 

Managing Biodiversity 

304-3 

Habitats protected or restored 

Managing Biodiversity 

306-1 

Total water discharged by quality and destination 

Effluents and Waste 

Management   

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal method 

Effluents and Waste 

Management   

306-3 

Significant spills 

Effluents and Waste 

Management   

306-5 

Water bodies affected by water discharges 

Effluents and Waste 

Management   

307-1 

Non-compliance 

with 

environmental 

laws 

and 

regulations 

Environmental 

Compliance 

308-1 

Percentage of new suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria 

Managing Our 

Suppliers  

308-2 

Significant actual and potential negative environmental 

impacts in the supply chain and actions taken 

Managing Our 

Suppliers  

401-2 

Benefits provided to full time employees that are not 

provided to temporary or part-time employees 

Employee Benefits 

401-3 

Parental leave 

Employee Benefits 

403-1 

Workers representation in formal joint management–

worker health and safety committees 

Workplace Health and 

Safety 


 

23 

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number of 

work-related fatalities 

Workplace Health and 

Safety 

403-3 

Workers with high incidence or high risk of diseases 

related to their occupation 

Workplace Health and 

Safety 

404-1  

Average hours of training per year per employee 

Training and Career 

Development 

404-2  

Programmes for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programmes 

Training and Career 

Development 

404-3 

Regular performance and career development review 

Training and Career 

Development 

405-1  

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

Employee Diversity 

405-2 

Ratio of basic remuneration of women to men 

Gender Equality 

408-1 

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents 

of child labour 

Ethical Labor 

Management 

409-1 

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents 

of forced or compulsory labour 

Ethical Labor 

Management 

412-1 

Operations that have subject to human rights reviews 

or impact assessments 

Ethical Labor 

Management 

413-1  

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programmes 

Community 

Engagement 

414-1 

New suppliers that were screened using social criteria 

Ethical Labour 

Management 

416-1 

Assessment of the health &amp; safety impacts of product 

&amp; service categories 

Workplace Health and 

Safety 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health &amp; 

safety impacts of products &amp; services 

Workplace Health and 

Safety 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws &amp; regulations in the social &amp; 

economic area 

Workforce Compliance 

 

