




Sustainability Report 2018

BUILDING 

OUR 

SHARED 

FUTURE

A Member of Far East Organization


01 

About This Report

02 

About Far East Orchard

04 

Board Statement

05 

Sustainability Statement

06 

Sustainability Governance

07 

Stakeholder Engagement

08 

Materiality Assessment 

09 

Material Factors – Economic and Environmental 

09 

Economic Performance

09 

Anti-competitive Behaviour

10 

Environmental Compliance

12 

Material Factors – Social

12 

Occupational Health and Safety

13 

Training and Education

15 

Customer Health and Safety

17 

Service Quality

19 

Material Factors – Governance

19 

Customer Privacy

20 

Corporate Governance

22 

GRI Content Index

CONTENTS


ABOUT  

THIS REPORT

The Sustainability Report (“SR”) of Far East Orchard 

Limited (“Far East Orchard” or the “Company”, 

and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is 

prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting 

Initiative (“GRI”) Standards 2016: Core option – the 

international standard for sustainability reporting, 

and with reference to the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited Listing Rules 711A and 

711B. For further information on the relevant 

references, kindly refer to the GRI Content Index at 

the end of this report.1

This SR is published on an annual basis to provide 

a holistic overview of Far East Orchard’s Economic 

and Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) 

initiatives for sustainable and responsible business 

In line with the Group’s efforts towards greater 

environmental conservation, no copies of this report 

were printed. An electronic version of the report may 

be viewed at or downloaded from Far East Orchard’s 

corporate website (www.fareastorchard.com.sg).

The Group has not sought external independent 

assurance for this reporting period and will consider 

doing so in the future as its sustainability reporting 

efforts mature.

development. Through these measures, Far East 

Orchard aims to address how it manages key factors 

material to its stakeholders.

The scope of this report covers the Group’s 

sustainability performance for the financial year 

ended 31 December 2018 (“FY2018”), unless 

otherwise stated.

In FY2018, the Group expanded its sustainability 

reporting efforts beyond Singapore to its operations 

in the United Kingdom (“UK”). Management will 

consider including other overseas operations in the 

reporting scope of future reports as its sustainability 

efforts continuously mature.

IN-SCOPE PROPERTIES

HOSPITALITY

PROPERTY

Singapore

Hotels

• AMOY

• Oasia Hotel Downtown

• Oasia Hotel Novena

• Orchard Rendezvous Hotel, Singapore 

(formerly known as Orchard Parade Hotel)

• Rendezvous Hotel Singapore at Bras Basah

• The Elizabeth Hotel

• Quincy Hotel

• Village Hotel Albert Court

• Village Hotel Bugis

• Village Hotel Changi

• Village Hotel Katong

Serviced Residences

• Far East Plaza Residences

• Oasia Residence, Singapore

• Orchard Parksuites

• Orchard Scotts Residences

• Regency House

• Village Residence Clarke Quay

• Village Residence Hougang

• Village Residence Robertson Quay

• Village Residence West Coast

Singapore

• SBF Center

• Woods Square

UK

• Westminster Fire Station

• Portland Green Student Village

 Bryson Court

 Marshall Court

 Newton Court

 Rosedale Court

 Turner Court

• Hollingbury House

1 Two of the ESG factors identified as material to Far East Orchard – Service Quality and Corporate Governance, are not part of the 

GRI topic-specific standards and are excluded from the GRI Content Index.

Figure 1: In-scope Properties

CONTACT US

Far East Orchard seeks to continuously enhance 

the accuracy, completeness and coverage of its 

sustainability practices and resulting report, and 

welcomes feedback and suggestions. Should you 

have any questions or feedback pertaining to this SR, 

please email ir@fareastorchard.com.sg.

01

Far East Orchard Limited Sustainability Report 2018


ABOUT  

FAR EAST ORCHARD

Far East Orchard is a property developer and a 

hospitality owner and operator. Far East Orchard 

has been listed on the Mainboard of the Singapore 

Exchange since 1968. It is a member of Far East 

Organization, Singapore’s largest private property 

developer.

Established since 1967, Far East Orchard has delivered 

residential, commercial, hospitality and purpose-

built student accommodation (“PBSA”) properties in 

Australia, Malaysia, Singapore and the UK.

Redefining itself through a strategic transformation 

of the business in 2012, Far East Orchard expanded 

into the complementary businesses of hospitality 

management and healthcare real estate. In 2015, it 

diversified its real estate portfolio to include PBSA 

properties in the UK.

Its current development projects include Woods 

Square, an integrated office development at 

Woodlands 

Regional 

Centre, 

with 

Far 

East 

Organization and Sekisui House, Ltd; redevelopment 

of the former Westminster Fire Station located in the 

City of Westminster, London, UK, into a mixed-use 

development comprising residential apartments and a 

restaurant; and Hollingbury House, a 193-bed student 

accommodation building in Brighton, UK.

Today, Far East Orchard, through its hospitality 

management arm – Far East Hospitality – owns more 

than 10 hotels, and manages over 90 properties 

with more than 14,500 rooms in Australia, Denmark, 

Germany, Hungary, Malaysia, New Zealand and 

Singapore. In 2018, Far East Hospitality made its first 

foray into Japan via a joint acquisition of a hotel project 

in Ariake, Tokyo with Far East Organization.

Far East Orchard has a PBSA portfolio in the UK 

comprising 2,000 beds in the cities of Bristol, Liverpool 

and Newcastle upon Tyne. This includes the 622 beds 

added in March 2019 through the acquisition of a 

portfolio of three freehold student accommodation 

properties in Bristol and Liverpool. The Group also holds 

a portfolio of purpose-built medical suites for lease and 

for sale in Singapore’s premier medical hub in Novena. 



Woods Square, Singapore (under development)

02

Far East Orchard Limited Sustainability Report 2018




VALUES IN MOTION

In line with Far East Orchard’s core values of Business 

with Grace, Unity, Integrity, Love and Diligence, 

employees are provided with opportunities to 

be directly involved in charity causes supported 

by the Group. Volunteer activities are conducted 

during and outside of office hours, reflecting both 

corporate support and personal commitment of 

staff members. 

In 2018, employees of the Group took part in initiatives 

such as assisting in minor home repair works, meal 

distributions to the underprivileged, equine-assisted 

therapy and learning sessions for at-risk persons, 

and engaging beneficiary families through meals, 

rock climbing and bowling sessions. In partnership 

with Habitat for Humanity, employees also helped 

to build homes in Batam, Indonesia, providing 

needy families with a simple and decent place to  

live in.

EMPOWERING OUR PEOPLE

The Group believes that attracting, developing 

and retaining a diverse workforce is essential for 

success in a global marketplace. To that end, the 

Human Resources team seeks to foster cross-

functional connections, support mentoring and 

networking opportunities, and provide professional 

and leadership development opportunities for its 

employees.

As at 31 December 2018, the Group has 1,118 

employees in Singapore.2 Of which, 133 or 11.9% 

are covered by collective bargaining agreements.

Figure 2 provides a breakdown of Far East Orchard’s 

workforce as at 31 December 2018 by different 

categories.

Figure 2: Workforce Statistics

2 Includes employees supervised by the Group’s hospitality management arm but employed by the owner of the in-scope properties.

Singaporean

Chinese

Others

Malaysian

Filipino

≤ 30 Years

41 to 50 Years

31 to 40 Years

≥ 51 Years

AGE GROUP

NATIONALITY

37%

31%

49%

2%

4%

625

493

19%

13%

28%

17%



Community Engagement at Far East Orchard

Contract 

Employees

Permanent 

Employees

157

468

122

371

Female

Male

03

Far East Orchard Limited Sustainability Report 2018


BOARD  

STATEMENT 

DEAR STAKEHOLDERS,

2018 was Far East Orchard’s second year of 

sustainability reporting. During the year, we 

strengthened our commitment to build a sustainable 

business with a view towards improving the 

economic, environmental and social well-being of 

the communities we operate in. Consequently, we 

made progress in the management of our material 

ESG factors, ensuring that our efforts to boost 

financial performance work hand-in-hand with our 

sustainability efforts. 

INTEGRATING SUSTAINABILITY INTO OUR 

OPERATIONS

For FY2018, we registered S$150.9 million in revenue 

and profit attributable to equity holders of S$32.9 

million. In our pursuit of business growth, we will 

maintain a high standard of corporate governance, 

accountability and transparency. Testament to 

our pursuit of excellence in corporate governance, 

our ranking for the Singapore Governance and 

Transparency Index 2018 improved to 46 out of 589 

listed companies, compared to 209 out of 606 listed 

companies in 2017. 

As a property developer and a vertically integrated 

hospitality owner and operator, we will continue to 

develop and manage properties in an environmentally 

responsible manner. There are appropriate safety 

measures in place at our properties and hotels to 

ensure the health and security of our customers. As 

the threat of cyberattacks increase, we have also 

taken steps to steadily improve our data privacy and 

data management practices.

Our employees are the backbone of our organisation 

and their well-being and performance are crucial for 

our success. In FY2018, we maintained our safety track 

record of zero workplace fatalities and occupational 

disease cases and have seen an improvement to the 

Accident Frequency and Accident Severity Rates. We 

have also inculcated a culture of learning with each of our 

employees achieving an average of 95 hours of training 

in FY2018. The learning and development programmes 

allow employees to upgrade their skillsets and enables 

the Group to uphold its high service quality standards. 

Additionally, we have a continuous performance 

management process to improve the performance and 

develop the capabilities of individuals and teams.

LOOKING AHEAD

We are on track to building a resilient business, supported 

by responsible practices. With the support of the Audit 

&amp; Risk Committee (“ARC”) and the Management Risk 

&amp; Sustainability Committee (“MRSC”), we will continue 

to consider sustainability matters in the formulation 

of the Group’s strategies, oversee the management of 

key material ESG issues and the Group’s sustainability 

performance. The ARC reviews significant sustainability 

reporting issues to ensure the integrity of statements 

while the MRSC manages, monitors and integrates 

ESG initiatives into our business operations and 

corporate strategy. The continuous integration of 

sustainability measures in our strategy and operations 

will be complemented by quality disclosures so as to 

provide stakeholders with a holistic view of the Group’s 

performance and prospects. 

Board of Directors

18 March 2019



Village Hotel at Sentosa, Singapore

04

Far East Orchard Limited Sustainability Report 2018


SUSTAINABILITY 

STATEMENT

SUSTAINABILITY COMMITMENT

Far East Orchard’s commitment to sustainability is 

guided by its core values. The Group ensures that 

the needs and concerns of key stakeholders are 

considered in the development and execution of its 

corporate strategy. Far East Orchard has incorporated 

sustainability values in the formulation of its strategy 

and decision-making processes. The Group adopts 

processes that are environmentally responsible and 

resource-efficient in its business operations.

SUSTAINABILITY IN SUPPLY CHAIN

The Group believes that sustainable supply chain 

management can be a strong driver of value and 

success for its business as much as for communities. 

Hence, Far East Orchard is extending its pledge to 

sustainable business practices across its supply chain, 

from subsidiaries to suppliers.

Far East Orchard aims to communicate with and 

educate stakeholders across its supply chain about 

its sustainability beliefs and initiatives. This includes 

applying environmentally conscious construction 

processes in its projects and encouraging contractors 

to source for raw materials from sustainable sources. 

Appropriate and adequate risk management controls 

and action plans are also taken into consideration 

to ensure the health and safety of its stakeholders. 

The Group is committed towards the continuous 

incorporation and improvement of ESG aspects in its 

supply chain as its sustainability efforts progressively 

mature.

Sustainability Vision

A trusted property and hospitality 

group with sustainable business 

practices that will benefit future 

generations

Sustainability Mission

Delivering long-term value by upholding 

a high standard of corporate governance 

and ethical behaviour; nurturing a culture 

of sustainability and adopting responsible 

business 

practices 

which 

consider 

environmental and social impacts



05

Far East Orchard Limited Sustainability Report 2018


SUSTAINABILITY 

GOVERNANCE

A robust sustainability governance structure is in 

place at Far East Orchard to identify, drive and 

execute sustainability initiatives across the Group.

The ARC maintains an overview of all sustainability 

initiatives of the Group. The ARC is supported by the 

MRSC, which is chaired by the Group Chief Executive 

Officer and Managing Director, and includes 

The 

Board 

of 

Directors 

(“Board”) 

is 

collectively 

responsible for the long-term 

success and sustainability of 

the Group.

The ARC assists the Board in 

fulfilling its responsibilities 

for the Group’s financial 

and sustainability reporting, 

management of material 

financial, 

operational, 

compliance, 

information 

technology and workplace 

safety and health risks to 

safeguard 

stakeholders’ 

interests and the Group’s 

assets.

The MRSC supports the 

ARC, ensuring effective 

integration 

of 

ESG 

initiatives into the Group’s 

business operations and 

corporate objectives. It also 

assists in risk management 

and sustainability efforts.

The business divisions 

implement 

initiatives 

cascaded 

from 

the 

MRSC, ensuring a clear 

and consistent approach 

across the Group.

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE AND ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

representatives from various business divisions and 

key functions. 

The MRSC drives the overall sustainability agenda 

and allocates resources to support and achieve 

underlying initiatives. Additionally, the MRSC 

reviews all policies and procedures relating to 

ESG issues on an ongoing basis, which includes 

evaluating the effectiveness of existing sustainability 

practices.

Business divisions are instrumental in the execution 

of initiatives and responsible for providing regular 

updates to the MRSC. 

THE BOARD  

OF DIRECTORS

AUDIT &amp; RISK

COMMITTEE

MANAGEMENT RISK 

&amp; SUSTAINABILITY 

COMMITTEE

BUSINESS 

DIVISIONS

Figure 3: Sustainability Governance Structure and Roles and Responsibilities

06

Far East Orchard Limited Sustainability Report 2018


STAKEHOLDER 

ENGAGEMENT

Far East Orchard recognises the importance 

of meaningful two-way engagement with its 

stakeholders to understand their concerns and 

interests. Effective stakeholder engagement allows 

the Group to be better positioned to anticipate and 

react to challenges as they arise, and is part of its 

efforts to build a sustainable long-term business.

The following key stakeholders were selected due 

to their significant influence on and interests in the 

Group’s business:

KEY STAKEHOLDERS

MODES OF ENGAGEMENT

Shareholders

• Annual General Meeting

• Analyst meetings

• Corporate website

• Roadshows

• Queries to Investor Relations team

The Board

• Ongoing communication

• Board meetings

Employees

• Orientation programme

• Staff communication 

• Annual colleague engagement survey

• Performance and career development reviews

Hotel Guests/Customers

• Customer satisfaction surveys

• Guest comment cards

• Priority guest programme

Joint Venture and Other Business 

Partners

• Meetings

• On-site visits

• Industry gatherings

Figure 4: Stakeholder Engagement Initiatives

07

Far East Orchard Limited Sustainability Report 2018


MATERIALITY 

ASSESSMENT

To identify material ESG topics for Far East Orchard, 

the Group considered a reasonable estimation of 

economic, environmental, social and governance 

impacts, and the interests and expectations of its 

stakeholders. It also conducted internal discussions 

with employees from departments that acted as 

proxies to the various stakeholder groups and a 

benchmarking exercise against its peers. These 

ESG topics were subsequently endorsed by Far East 

Orchard’s management and Board.

The ESG topics illustrated in the Materiality Matrix 

below (Figure 5) were re-assessed and identified 

to be the most material to Far East Orchard’s value 

chain. Materiality was determined based on the ESG 

factors’ importance to stakeholders and significance 

to the Group’s business. 

Influence 

on 

stakeholders’ 

assessments 

and 

decisions refers to the ESG factors that matter to Far 

East Orchard’s key stakeholders, while significance 

of economic, environmental, social and governance 

impacts to the business refers to the ESG factors that 

may positively or negatively influence the Group’s 

ability to execute its strategy.

• Customer Health  

and Safety

• Occupational Health  

and Safety

• Service Quality

• Corporate Governance

• Economic Performance

• Anti-competitive 

Behaviour

• Environmental 

Compliance

• Training and Education

• Customer Privacy

MATERIALITY MATRIX

Significance of economic, environmental, social and governance impacts to the business

Influence on stakeholders’ assessments and decisions

Medium

Medium

Low

Low

High

High

Figure 5: Materiality Matrix

08

Far East Orchard Limited Sustainability Report 2018


MATERIAL FACTORS 

– ECONOMIC AND 

ENVIRONMENTAL

1. ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

The Group registered revenue of S$150.9 million and 

profit attributable to equity holders of S$32.9 million 

in FY2018. This stable year-on-year performance 

was achieved on the back of the Group’s efforts to 

grow its recurring income base from its hospitality 

and student accommodation businesses.

Against the backdrop of a fast-changing and volatile 

market, Far East Orchard will continue to diversify its 

businesses across different asset classes and markets 

to ensure long-term growth and sustainability. Even 

as the Group seeks out suitable opportunities, it 

will maintain a disciplined financial management 

approach and deliver its business objectives in a 

sustainable manner.

For further details of Far East Orchard’s financial 

performance, please refer to the following sections 

in its 2018 Annual Report:

• Chairman’s Statement

• CEO’s Message

• 5-Year Financial Highlights

• Financial Report

2. ANTI-COMPETITIVE BEHAVIOUR

Far East Orchard strives towards upholding the 

highest standards of professional values and 

integrity. It is the Group’s policy to conduct business 

fairly and ethically. 

Ensuring Fair Competition

The Group evaluates reported incidents of non-

compliance with the Competition Act, guidelines 

by the Competition and Consumer Commission of 

Singapore (“CCCS”) and investigations by relevant 

authorities against the Group for anti-competitive 

behaviour, if any. It reviews legal contracts and 

agreements to ascertain the absence of anti-

competitive behaviour. Internal processes to monitor 

continuous compliance and reinforce adherence 

with the Competition Act are also in place.

Since 2016, the Group has arranged for its employees 

to attend legal briefings by external competition 

lawyers on competition law on a yearly basis. 

Additionally, Sales and Marketing employees attend 

in-house quarterly briefings on competition law. A 

Competition Law Compliance Manual was produced 

to educate the Group’s employees and improve 

their understanding of prohibited behaviour and 

anti-competitive practices. This Manual is part of 

the Employee Handbook which is given to all new 

hires and made available to all existing employees. 

A section on compliance with competition law has 

been covered in orientation sessions for all employees 

since February 2018.

On 2 August 2018, the CCCS issued a Proposed 

Infringement Decision (“PID”) against the Company’s 

subsidiary, Far East Hospitality Management (S) Pte. 

Ltd. and two hotels managed by it (collectively “FEH 

Parties”) for alleged infringement of the Competition 

Act between 3 July 2014 to 30 June 2015 (“2014-

2015 Conduct”) involving one employee of the two 

hotels.

The PID is a written notice setting out the basis for 

CCCS’ proposed decision, and does not amount to a 

confirmed violation by the Group of the Competition 

Act or the CCCS guidelines. The FEH Parties studied 

the PID before responding to the CCCS. The Group 

extended its fullest cooperation to the CCCS during 

its investigations.

In FY2018, there were no confirmed 

violations of the Competition Act and CCCS 

guidelines.

Subsequent to FY2018, on 30 January 2019, the 

CCCS issued an Infringement Decision which found 

the FEH Parties liable for infringing the Competition 

Act through the 2014-2015 Conduct (the “CCCS 

ID”). A financial penalty of S$286,610 was imposed 

on the FEH Parties. 

The Group takes legal compliance very seriously and 

does not condone or sanction any anti-competitive 

conduct by employees. It will continue to focus 

on growing its business in a principled and ethical 

manner with strict adherence to all applicable laws. 

The Group has and continues to routinely review 

and implement rigorous compliance and training 

programmes to ensure that its business practices are 

and continue to be fully compliant with all applicable 

laws.

09

Far East Orchard Limited Sustainability Report 2018


MATERIAL FACTORS 

– ECONOMIC AND 

ENVIRONMENTAL

3. ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

Far East Orchard carries out environmentally conscious 

practices and keeps abreast of best in class practices 

relevant to its business. Together with its partners, 

it aims to develop and manage properties that 

incorporate good environmental design and features. 

The Group’s efforts were recognised in 2018 with the 

following award wins:

• euHabitat: BCA Construction Excellence Award 

2018, Merit Winner – Residential Buildings 

(S$1,800/m2 &amp; above category)

• Rendezvous Hotel Singapore at Bras Basah: BCA 

Green Mark Award for Buildings 2018, Gold 

Award, Existing Non-Residential Building

• Woods Square: BCA Green Mark Award for 

Buildings 2018, GoldPLUS Award, New Non-

Residential Building

In the development of its properties in the UK 

– Westminster Fire Station in London and PBSA 

properties in the cities of Newcastle upon Tyne and 

Brighton, the Group has considered environmental 

issues and has undertaken the following measures:

Westminster Fire Station

• Designed to achieve a “Very Good” to “Excellent” 

Building Research Establishment Environmental 

Assessment Method (“BREEAM”) rating3 which 

includes a carbon emission reduction target of 

35% below the 2013 Building Regulations; 

ANTI-COMPETITIVE BEHAVIOUR  

FY2019 TARGET

KEY INITIATIVES TO BE CONTINUED/IMPLEMENTED

No 

confirmed 

violations 

of 

the 

Competition Act and CCCS guidelines 

apart from the CCCS ID issued in 

January 2019

• Outline the expectations of employees in relation to compliance with 

competition laws during orientation programmes;

• Provide appropriate training and refresher courses for all employees that deal 

directly with any of Far East Orchard’s competitors; and

• Encourage reporting of any suspected anti-competitive conduct to relevant 

parties (e.g. risk management and compliance personnel) and/or external 

regulatory agencies.

• Consumption of all incoming services is metered 

and recorded through a Building Management 

System promoting future energy reduction 

initiatives;

• Collaboration with suppliers and manufacturers 

providing goods with the following certifications: 

Forest Stewardship Council (“FSC”), Programme 

for the Endorsement of Forest Certification 

(“PEFC”), Water Regulations Advisory Scheme, ISO 

14000 and 9000 and energy efficient appliances; 

• Use of eco-friendly materials such as reclaimed 

terracotta and FSC/PEFC wood;

• Introduction of sustainable biodiverse landscaping 

in the courtyard to add to the health and well-

being of inhabitants while improving the local 

environment;

• Use of energy efficient systems including the 

installation of photovoltaic panels on the roof, use 

of low energy lighting controlled by photocells and 

time clocks and use of light wells;

• Heating from a central boiler plant rather than 

individual apartment boilers to reduce gas 

consumption; and

• Will provide complimentary 25-year membership of 

a car club facility to minimise private car ownership 

and bicycle storage facilities to encourage cycle 

use.

3 BREEAM is an international scheme that provides independent third-party certification of the assessment of the sustainability 

performance of individual buildings, communities and infrastructure projects. Buildings are rated and certified on a scale of 

‘Acceptable (In-Use scheme only)’, ‘Pass’, ‘Good’, ‘Very Good’, ‘Excellent’ and ‘Outstanding’.

10

Far East Orchard Limited Sustainability Report 2018


The Group works with environmental agencies to 

comply with regulatory requirements. It monitors 

notices and complaints issued by local authorities 

for non-compliance with environmental regulations. 

Internal checks are conducted regularly to detect 

and rectify non-compliance with environmental 

regulations. All employees also have access to an 

internal reporting channel to report any form of 

non-compliance to management. 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE  

FY2019 TARGET

KEY INITIATIVES TO BE CONTINUED/IMPLEMENTED

No significant fines and non-monetary 

sanctions for non-compliance with 

environmental laws and/or regulations

• Conduct regular reviews of policies and internal checks to ensure environmental 

compliance; and

• Conduct environmental impact assessments for property development projects 

prior to construction and establish appropriate mitigation measures.

PURPOSE-BUILT STUDENT ACCOMMODATION PROPERTIES

BREEAM RATING

1. PGSV - Turner Court

2. Hollingbury House

Excellent

PGSV

1. Bryson Court

2. Marshall Court

3. Newton Court

4. Rosedale Court

Very Good

Figure 6: BREEAM Rating Obtained for PBSA Properties

In FY2018, the Group did not incur any significant fines or 

receive any non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance 

with environmental laws and/or regulations.

During the same period, there were no cases brought 

through dispute solution mechanisms and no grievances 

relating to the environmental impact of the Group’s 

operations or products were reported.

Purpose-Built Student Accommodation Properties

• Compliance with the 2013 Building Regulations 

Approved Document L2A: Conservation of Fuel 

and Power in New Buildings other than Dwellings, 

including a 10% overall energy reduction through 

the use of low and zero carbon technologies, 

improvement of the building fabric and use of 

energy efficient technology and design features;

• All properties at Portland Green Student Village 

(“PGSV”), are equipped with Combined Heat and 

Power units as well as LED lighting to reduce overall 

energy consumption; and

• All 

properties 

at 

PGSV 

and 

our 

student 

accommodation property under development in 

Brighton have met the BREEAM standards and were 

rated “Very Good” or “Excellent”. Figure 6 shows 

the BREEAM rating obtained for the properties.

11

Far East Orchard Limited Sustainability Report 2018


MATERIAL FACTORS – 

SOCIAL

4. OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

Far East Orchard considers its employees as the 

backbone of its business and strives to provide a safe 

and conducive work environment for its employees. 

Key initiatives undertaken to maintain a safe and 

healthy workplace include:

• Mandatory health and safety trainings for 

hospitality employees;

• Daily morning brief for all hospitality employees 

includes workplace safety and health (“WSH”) 

matters;

• Circulation of reminders about WSH matters to all 

employees every fortnight to increase awareness 

and impart safe work habits;

• Formation of Company Emergency Response 

Teams, which are equipped with safety equipment 

to perform emergency responses;

• Conduct emergency drills for potentially hazardous 

situations, including, but not limited to power 

failures, medical emergencies, fires and lift 

entrapments, at least twice a year;

• Engage certified Fire Safety Managers to evaluate 

the fire safety measures deployed within the in-

scope hospitality properties;

• Appointment of a WSH representative with at least 

a bizSAFE Level 2 certificate, to be responsible for 

handling of WSH matters and implementation of 

WSH policies at each property;

• Conduct cluster WSH meetings on a quarterly 

basis;

• Conduct annual WSH risk assessments to 

proactively identify hazardous activities and 

workspaces, and put mitigation measures in place;

• Annual review of the Group’s risk register with 

new incidents to be updated and shared across 

properties; and

• Requirement for all main contractors engaged 

to be OHSAS4 18001 certified or equivalent of a 

well-recognised standard for safety management 

system.

Commitment to Safety

In the pursuit of high WSH standards, the Group also 

monitors “near-misses” in addition to reportable 

incidents as required under Workplace Safety &amp; 

Health (Incident Reporting) Regulations. “Near-

misses” and incidents are evaluated, and lessons 

learnt are shared with employees across the Group to 

prevent reoccurrences.

Additionally, employees make an annual pledge 

to acknowledge and comply with the Safety 

Commitment, as outlined in the Employee Handbook:

• Safety is everyone’s responsibility;

• All accidents can be prevented;

• Committed to make safety a part of work culture;

• Ensure the necessary steps and measures are taken 

to make the workplace safe; and

• Ensure reporting of all incidents to supervisors.

A breakdown of the Group’s FY2018 health and safety performance is as follows5:

Number of 

Workplace  

Fatalities

Zero

Zero

340.0

68.1 

1.7

Number of 

Occupational  

Disease Cases

Number of 

Workplace 

Injuries

Accident 

Severity Rate 

(“ASR”)

Per million 

man-hours worked

Accident 

Frequency Rate 

(“AFR”)

Per million 

man-hours worked

Figure 7: Occupational Health and Safety Indicators

4 Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Series.

5 Accident Frequency Rate and Accident Severity Rate calculations are adopted from the WSH Institute’s Guidance on Workplace Safety and Health 

Reporting in Singapore.

12

Far East Orchard Limited Sustainability Report 2018


The Group has taken steps to encourage the holistic 

development of its employees to groom them to their 

fullest potential. These include the implementation 

of learning and development programmes to drive 

productivity and enhance personal effectiveness of 

the employees. 

In FY2018, the total hours of training received by the 

Group’s employees were 106,467 hours. Figure 8 

below outlines training hours achieved for FY2018 by 

gender:

5. TRAINING AND EDUCATION

Far East Orchard recognises that its employees are 

instrumental for the success of its business. Building 

the right capabilities and laying the foundation of 

a customer-focused organisation through training 

and development of employees allows the Group to 

achieve operational excellence, enhance productivity, 

provide a consistent level of service quality and 

springboard growth. Investment in time and funds to 

train employees also helps employees to feel valued 

and appreciated.

95.2 hours

99.3 hours

90.1 hours

Per Employee

Per Female Employee

Per Male Employee

Figure 8: Average Training Hours per Employee by Gender

Far East Orchard upheld its safety track record in FY2018, with zero workplace fatalities and 

occupational disease cases. 

The Group recorded 340 workplace injuries in FY2018, which includes “near-misses” and 

minor incidents involving employees and/or third parties which occur at the Group’s in-scope 

properties. 

The Group’s AFR decreased to 1.7 per million man-hours worked in FY2018 from 4.8 per million 

man-hours worked a year ago. There was significant improvement in the Group’s ASR of 68.1 per 

million man-hours worked in FY2018 compared to 98.9 per million man-hours worked in FY2017.

The Group’s occupational health and safety statistics are in line with the industry average 

disclosed in the Ministry of Manpower’s Workplace Safety and Health Report 2018. 

AVERAGE

TRAINING 

HOURS

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

FY2019 TARGETS

KEY INITIATIVES TO BE CONTINUED/IMPLEMENTED

• Zero cases of workplace fatalities

• Reduced number of workplace 

injuries

• Improvement to AFR and ASR

• Conduct regular safety trainings;

• Increase frequency of reminders to employees to create a safe and healthy 

work environment; and

• Continued collaboration with local authorities to organise emergency drills for 

potentially hazardous situations.

13

Far East Orchard Limited Sustainability Report 2018


The Group arranged training in various areas for 

employees, including risk review, compliance trainings 

for personal data protection and competition law, 

and on operational risk management.

All hospitality employees are expected to attend at 

least one Singapore Workforce Skills Qualifications 

service training. The Group also provides other 

competency-based trainings which include on-the-

job training, classroom trainings and sharing sessions. 

The training curriculum is reviewed annually.

A Managers Development Programme was also rolled 

out toward the end of FY2018. This programme 

provides three tracks of development for managers 

from the Housekeeping, Rooms and Sales and 

Marketing divisions. The Managers Development 

MATERIAL FACTORS – 

SOCIAL

Programme aims to provide a holistic framework to 

support the growth of identified future leaders, retain 

and prepare them to successfully lead the Group.

The 

Group 

monitors 

and 

evaluates 

training 

effectiveness through the measurement of employees’ 

knowledge pre-training and post-training, assessment 

of employees’ knowledge transfer, and changes in 

on-the-job behaviour.

Average hours of training per employee 

achieved for FY2018 were 95.2 hours. While 

we did not meet our target of 100 hours 

in FY2018, it is well above the comparable 

industry average training hours per 

employee of 13.6 hours, according to the 

Ministry of Manpower’s 2018 Training 

Indicators. The Group will continue to 

work towards equipping its employees 

with the necessary knowledge and skills, 

as well as elevate their competencies.

TRAINING AND EDUCATION  

FY2019 TARGET

KEY INITIATIVES TO BE CONTINUED/IMPLEMENTED

100 hours of training per employee 

per annum

• Ensure employees attend relevant training courses which include one 

competency module relevant to the job function of the individual and one 

service, safety or compliance category; and

• Implement online learning for employees.

Performance 

Management 

and 

Talent 

Development

The Group has a Performance Management Process 

(Figure 9) aimed at delivering successful business 

results by improving the performance and developing 

the capabilities of teams and individuals. 

Figure 9: Performance Management Process

• Review of performance for the financial year

• Management review and performance 

calibration at business and division level

• Update of planned activities in goal setting 

with ongoing dialogue and feedback 

between employee and supervisor

• Set individual goals to align with Far 

East Orchard’s vision, mission and 

business goals

STEP 1

STEP 2

STEP 3

Performance

Appraisal

Continuous

Performance

Management

Goal 

Management

14

Far East Orchard Limited Sustainability Report 2018


PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT AND 

TALENT DEVELOPMENT  

FY2019 TARGET

KEY INITIATIVES TO BE CONTINUED/IMPLEMENTED

100% of full-time employees to 

receive 

regular 

performance 

and 

career development reviews6

• Inculcate culture of continuous performance management at all levels, 

encouraging effective ongoing conversations and feedback between 

managers and their direct reports throughout the year.

All 

full-time 

employees 

undergo 

an 

annual 

performance review where their valuable contributions 

are recognised.6 The performance reviews facilitate 

formal communication of the employee’s performance 

and development with the following objectives:

• To enhance an individual’s competencies (i.e. 

knowledge, skills and abilities) to perform 

effectively; and 

• To develop an individual’s competencies for future 

roles.

The Group adopts an open appraisal system where 

employees and their supervisors discuss and agree 

on their performance, areas for improvement, targets 

for the next review period and personal and career 

development goals. 

In FY2018, 100% of full-time employees 

received their appraisal.6

6 Excluding employees on prolonged leave and new hires that have been with the Group for less than three months.

6. CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY

Far East Orchard is committed to providing a safe and 

healthy environment at its properties. The Group has 

identified potential risks, put in place mitigating safety 

measures and set out standard operating procedures 

to ensure that employees are well-equipped to 

respond appropriately and promptly in case of an 

emergency.

Hospitality

Far East Hospitality has taken steps to ensure the 

health and security of its hotel guests on-site. The 

Group continually identifies possible hazards that its 

customers could encounter and mitigate such hazards 

at an early stage. Some of the measures implemented 

include:

• Buildings 

are 

equipped 

with 

closed-circuit 

televisions (“CCTVs”);

• Guest keys are electronically programmed for lift 

access to their designated floors;

• Service recovery and courtesy calls are made to 

guests to check on their well-being; 

• All guest incidents are reported and recorded with 

medical assistance rendered for minor injuries;

• Employees are certified First Aiders and are 

equipped 

to 

handle 

Automated 

External 

Defibrillators; and

• Employees are trained to handle reported case of 

infectious diseases.

Security Awards

The Group’s commitment to a high standard of 

security was recognised at the 2018 Annual Hotel 

Security Awards Presentation Ceremony, organised 

by the Singapore Hotel Association, National Crime 

Prevention Council and the Singapore Police Force. Far 

East Hospitality was awarded:

• 1 “Hotel Security Star” Award in recognition of 

Rendezvous Hotel Singapore at Brash Basah’s 

consistent commitment in ensuring a safe and 

secure hotel environment for 20 consecutive years;

• 5 “Hotel Security Excellence” Awards for achieving 

the SS545:2009 Singapore Standard for Hotel 

Security, which is the first established standard for 

hotel security in the world;

• 6 “Hotel Security” Awards for establishing good 

security measures based on SS545:2009 standards; 

and

• 29 Awards for individual employees for “Honesty”, 

“Bravery” and “Vigilance”.

Property Development

As a property developer, Far East Orchard is 

committed to securing the health, safety and interests 

of occupants in properties developed by the Group.

Far East Orchard adopts a formal and disciplined 

approach to health and safety. The Group opts to 

work with contractors and suppliers that have health 

and safety related accreditations. A case in point 

would be working with companies that voluntarily 

register with the Considerate Constructors Scheme 

and agree to abide by the Code of Considerate 

Practice, designed to encourage best practice beyond 

statutory requirements.

The Group also works with relevant partners to comply 

with occupational health and safety management 

systems such as OHSAS 18001. 

15

Far East Orchard Limited Sustainability Report 2018


MATERIAL FACTORS – 

SOCIAL

Westminster Fire Station

Far East Orchard is currently developing Westminster 

Fire Station located in the prime central borough of 

the City of Westminster, London, into a mixed-use 

development comprising residential apartments and 

a restaurant. In its development, the Group will be 

implementing the following measures to ensure 

resident safety:

• Development of a fire strategy and inclusion of fire 

alarms, smoke detectors, extractors, exit strategy 

and the use of non-combustible materials in 

communal spaces, including fire rated apartment 

entrance doors;

• Development of a security strategy to ensure 

resident safety when exiting and entering the 

building and accepting deliveries. CCTVs are 

used in key places throughout the property, 

implementation of a key fob strategy, installation 

of Banham deadbolt and deadlocks for apartment 

doors, lighting detection and dimmer when 

residents and guests enter, and video entry to each 

apartment;

• Home owners will receive details of operating 

manuals, emergency evacuation procedures and 

commissioning certifications together with their 

house keys; and

• A Building Management system which triggers and 

records service or inspection dates of communal 

facilities and regular risk assessments of health and 

safety, fire risk and water hygiene.

Purpose-Built Student Accommodation Properties

Far East Orchard also has a portfolio of PBSA 

properties in Newcastle upon Tyne. Several policies 

and standard operation procedures have been 

implemented to safeguard the health and safety of 

the occupants in the event of accidents and non-

compliance of regulations including:

• All students are required to complete an online 

health and safety induction. A copy of the Student 

Handbook outlining the health and safety policies 

of the Group is also sent to all students prior to 

their enrolment on the Group’s properties; and

• Display of statutory fire and safety warning 

signages across the buildings, with fire action and 

map signages fitted to entrance doors.

CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY  

FY2019 TARGETS

KEY INITIATIVES TO BE CONTINUED/IMPLEMENTED

No fines for safety breaches

• Adopt best practices in the hospitality and property development industries; 

• Encourage a strong internal culture of sharing or reporting of any potential 

safety breaches or unsafe work practices observed within the hotel premises 

or at construction sites;

• Introduce an internal “stop-work” initiative until a rectification or remediation 

plan has been put in place to address the unsafe practice; 

• Update existing feedback channels to seek specific inputs on health and 

safety at hotel premises or at construction sites; and

• Maintain regular engagement and contact with local health and safety 

regulatory agencies such as the National Environmental Agency and WSH 

Council to obtain updates on regulatory changes.

Improve 

safety 

processes 

which 

include refining Group level policies to 

complement and unify safety culture 

across business divisions

• Increase training related to customer health and safety for employees; and

• Conduct management walkabouts to provide an additional perspective and 

uncover “blind spots” with regards to potential hazards within the hotel 

premises or at construction sites.

In FY2018, there were no incidences of non-compliance concerning health and safety issues 

on our properties, nor were there cases of non-compliance with voluntary codes concerning 

either occupational health and safety or product and service information.

16

Far East Orchard Limited Sustainability Report 2018


SERVICE QUALITY  

FY2019 TARGET

KEY INITIATIVES TO BE CONTINUED/IMPLEMENTED

CEI Survey: &gt;82.5%

• Establish annual service-related goals and action plans to achieve these targets;

• Regular monitoring of service performance through the online portal and 

address recurring issues;

• Evaluate feedback received through guest surveys, comment cards and online 

portals; and

• Measure customer service satisfaction through customer engagement surveys, 

mystery guest visits and service audits.

7. SERVICE QUALITY

In Singapore, Far East Orchard’s hospitality arm – 

Far East Hospitality manages 20 hotels and serviced 

residences under the Oasia, Quincy, Rendezvous, 

Village and Far East Collection brands.

To differentiate itself from competitors, Far East 

Hospitality has a strong customer-focused approach, 

with a goal of providing an experiential and memorable 

stay for its guests. To ensure high standards of service 

quality, the Group has adopted multiple initiatives 

which include:

• A programme to encourage employees to go above 

and beyond their job scope to make a difference to 

the experience of customers;

• Responding to and acting on feedback from 

guests through courtesy calls, online guest surveys 

and social media channels;

• Regular internal checks including mystery guest 

visits; and

• A priority guest programme.

Far East Hospitality also participates in trade 

associations to share ideas and develop new ways 

to improve the hospitality industry in Singapore. 

As a member of the Singapore Hotel Association 

(“SHA”) and Association of Rooms Division Executives 

(Singapore), the Group benefits from gaining 

industry insights and learning about best practices via 

networking, events and publications. This information 

is used to strengthen the Group’s commitment 

towards upholding service quality standards and 

advancing operational excellence.

Recognising the value of customer feedback, the 

Group evaluates service quality through the following 

key measures:

• Customer complaints and compliments;

• Surveys measuring customer satisfaction e.g. guest 

comment cards;

• Repeat guest ratio;

• Online reviews; and

• Awards and accolades.

Since 2016, the Group has engaged an independent 

external consultant to assess the service quality of 

its hospitality business. The Group works together 

with its external consultant to develop a target for 

the Customer Engagement Index (“CEI”) Survey 

on an annual basis. Each of the Group’s hospitality 

properties has individual customer service excellence 

performance targets to achieve.

In FY2018, Far East Hospitality exceeded 

the target of 82.5% for the CEI Survey.

17

Far East Orchard Limited Sustainability Report 2018


Hospitality Awards

Far East Hospitality’s provision of exceptional 

experiences and service quality has been recognised 

by various industry bodies as evidenced in the key 

awards won in FY2018.

MATERIAL FACTORS – 

SOCIAL

AWARDS

DESCRIPTION

ORGANISER

Excellent Service Award 2018

• 19 Outstanding Star Winners

• 88 Star Winners

• 78 Gold Winners

• 104 Silver Winners

National award that recognises individuals  

who have delivered quality service

SHA

HR Vendors of the Year Awards 2018

• Best Serviced Apartment Company, Silver 

Award – Awarded to 1 property

• Best Business Hotel, Silver Award – Awarded 

to 1 property

In recognition of organisations which supply 

the best quality corporate accommodations, 

facilities and the best level of service to their 

corporate clients

Human 

Resources 

Magazine

Travel Weekly Asia Readers’ Choice Awards 

2018

Best Serviced Residence Property, Asia Pacific – 

Awarded to 1 property

In recognition of outstanding travel players 

who have made a mark in their areas of 

expertise

Travel Weekly Asia

National Kindness Award – Service Gold 

2018

11 Service Gold Awards 

In recognition of hotel service staff who have 

displayed exemplary service and gracious 

behaviour

Singapore 

Kindness 

Movement, SHA

Employee of the Year Award 2018

Awarded to 10 employees

In recognition of individual employees’  

excellent performance and commendable 

service

Food, Drinks and Allied 

Workers’ Union, National 

Trades Union Congress 

and SHA

2018 SHA Best Department Awards

• Best Front Office Department – Awarded to 

2 properties

• Best Concierge Department – Awarded to 1 

property

• Best Housekeeping Department – Awarded 

to 1 property

In recognition of the best in class amongst 

the hotel industry in Singapore across four 

departments – Front Office, Concierge, 

Reservations and Housekeeping, by category  

of hotels (Luxury, Deluxe and Superior)

SHA

SHATEC Industry Excellence Awards – 

Outstanding Alumni (Hospitality) Award 

2018

Awarded to Arthur Kiong, Chief Executive 

Officer of Far East Hospitality

In recognition of the achievements of 

individuals who have made significant 

contributions 

towards 

SHATEC 

and 

the hospitality industry with impactful 

outcomes, particularly in the areas of 

learning and talent development

SHATEC

Figure 10: Key Hospitality Awards

18

Far East Orchard Limited Sustainability Report 2018


Figure 11: Key Initiatives for Data Management

MATERIAL FACTORS – 

GOVERNANCE

8. CUSTOMER PRIVACY

Safeguarding sensitive information is of paramount 

importance to Far East Orchard. The continued 

success of the Group’s operations is dependent on 

individuals’ trust that their personal data is being 

collected, handled, and protected in a responsible 

manner. Far East Orchard is committed to maintaining 

the privacy and security of data in relation to its 

business operations.

Managing Personal Data

Far East Orchard has Personal Data Protection Policies 

(“Privacy Policies”) which define how personal data of 

various parties dealing with the Group are collected, 

used and protected. The Privacy Policies inform 

stakeholders on how the Group manages personal 

data, in compliance with relevant data protection 

legislation, including the Personal Data Protection 

Act in Singapore and to the extent applicable, the 

UK Data Protection Act 2018 and the General Data 

Protection Regulation in Europe (“EU GDPR”).

The Group’s Privacy Policies and data protection 

processes were reviewed and updated in FY2018 to 

facilitate compliance with the EU GDPR that came into 

force in May 2018. The updated Privacy Policies are 

made available on the Group’s websites.

Robust security procedures are in place to promote 

and enforce data privacy. Far East Orchard does not 

divulge or sell personal information to third parties for 

marketing or promotional purposes. As an example, 

the personal data of guests who stay at the hotels 

and serviced residences operated by the Group is 

collected, used and disclosed strictly for registration 

and stay purposes only.

An Information Security and Management Policy 

(“ISMP”) designed to provide reasonable assurance 

that the risks are adequately managed, is in place. 

The ISMP details how employees and subsidiaries of 

the Group shall classify and manage business and 

corporate information during their course of work.

The Group’s Privacy Policies, ISMP and business 

processes are regularly monitored to ensure compliance 

with the relevant data protection legislation. 

Each of the Group’s business units have appointed 

data protection officers who maintain and 

monitor their compliance with the relevant data 

protection legislation. Far East Orchard’s data 

protection officers can be contacted by email at 

dpo@fareastorchard.com.sg.

Policy review  

and compliance

Data privacy

assessment

Internal 

review and 

do-not-call 

registry 

check

Customer 

feedback

KEY INITIATIVES 

FOR DATA 

MANAGEMENT

19

Far East Orchard Limited Sustainability Report 2018


In FY2018, none of the Group’s in-scope properties were found by the Personal Data 

Protection Commission or European regulators to be in breach of relevant data protection 

legislation (whether the PDPA, the UK Data Protection Act 2018 or the EU GDPR).

MATERIAL FACTORS – 

GOVERNANCE

CUSTOMER PRIVACY  

FY2019 TARGET

KEY INITIATIVES TO BE CONTINUED/IMPLEMENTED

Continuously improve data privacy 

and data management practices

• Educate employees in best practices of data privacy and ensure their 

commitment to upholding privacy;

• Regular communications to employees and stakeholders to reinforce the 

Group’s commitment to data privacy; and

• Tailor all privacy-related training and communication to roles to ensure the 

information is relevant and actionable.

9. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Far East Orchard is committed to good corporate 

governance, accountability and transparency in 

all its endeavours. The Group observes a high 

standard of corporate conduct, integral to ensuring 

the sustainability of its business and performance 

as well as safeguarding stakeholders’ interests and 

maximising long-term stakeholder value.

The Group’s corporate governance practices are 

detailed in its 2018 Annual Report with specific 

reference to the principles and guidelines of the Code 

of Corporate Governance 2012 (“CG Code 2012”).

A Corporate Governance Policies Manual is in place 

to assist the Group in meeting the principles and 

guidelines of the CG Code 2012. Far East Orchard’s 

corporate governance guidelines and practices are 

regularly reviewed and improved, where necessary, 

to enhance the corporate governance framework and 

maintain its relevancy.

Far East Orchard was ranked 46 out of 589 listed 

companies in the Singapore Governance and 

Transparency Index 2018, an improvement from 

previous years. This annual study is published by CPA 

Australia, National University of Singapore Business 

School’s Centre for Governance, Institutions and 

Organisations and the Singapore Institute of 

Directors.

Corporate Policies

Building an Ethical Culture

The Group seeks to build and maintain an 

organisational culture espousing good business 

conduct and ethics. Employees agree to adhere to 

guidelines detailed in the Employee Handbook and 

Code of Conduct to safeguard the reputation and 

interests of the Group and its stakeholders. The 

Employee Handbook and Code of Conduct provide 

comprehensive guidance on issues such as:

• Prevention of bribery and corruption;

• Conflicts of interest and the appropriate disclosures 

to be made;

• Business dealings;

• Relations with key stakeholders;

• Record keeping;

• Confidentiality of information;

• Health and safety of employees;

• Workplace conduct, including how to handle any 

workplace harassment; and

• Compliance with applicable laws and regulations, 

and the Group’s policies.

Clearly documented policies and work procedures 

such as the Enterprise Risk Management Manual and 

Delegation of Authority Matrix incorporate internal 

controls which help to ensure that adequate checks 

and balances are in place. Periodic internal and 

external audits are also conducted to evaluate the 

efficacy of these internal controls.

20

Far East Orchard Limited Sustainability Report 2018


Dealings in Securities

Far East Orchard also has a Securities Trading Policy 

which provides guidance with regard to dealings in 

its securities by its Board and employees. The policy 

prohibits dealing in Far East Orchard’s securities:

(a) 

at any time if they are in possession of 

unpublished 

material 

and 

price-sensitive 

information;

(b) 

on short-term considerations; and 

(c) 

during the blackout period, which means 

the two weeks before and up to the date of 

announcement of results of the Group’s first 

three quarters’ financial results, and one month 

before and up to the date of announcement of 

the Group’s full year financial results. 

The Group also issues a quarterly circular to its Board 

and employees reminding them of the prohibited 

period from dealing in the Group’s securities before 

the release of the results and at any time if they are 

in possession of unpublished material price-sensitive 

information.

Whistle-Blowing Policy

Far East Orchard has a whistle-blowing policy which 

sets a strong tone of zero tolerance towards dishonesty 

and corrupt practices. Whistle-blowing channels are 

in place for employees and other persons to raise in 

confidence, whether anonymously or otherwise, any 

concerns on any improprieties in financial reporting, 

fraud, corruption, bribery, collusion with suppliers or 

contractors, conflict of interest, unsafe work practices, 

serious breaches of the Group policies or violations of 

business ethics, and any non-compliance with laws 

and regulations, without fear of reprisal. 

The Group’s ARC oversees this policy, which is 

administered with the assistance of the Group’s 

internal auditors. Reported incidents will be evaluated 

for independent investigation and appropriate 

follow-up actions will be taken. The available whistle-

blowing communication channels are listed on Far 

East Orchard’s website. 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  

FY2019 TARGETS

KEY INITIATIVES TO BE CONTINUED/IMPLEMENTED

No lapses with SGX listing rules 

resulting in SGX reprimands

• Participate in seminars, dialogues, round-table discussions and consultations 

with SGX, to understand and track any new listing rules and keep abreast of 

any penalties issued against other SGX-listed companies;

• Maintain and track new listing rules or updates;

• Maintain and centralise all communication and correspondence with SGX (and 

any other relevant regulatory authorities), to monitor and track all inquiries, 

feedback and responses and to maintain a consistent response in each 

correspondence; and

• Continue the practice of mandatory Annual Declaration on Conflict of Interest 

to declare potential interests so they may be appropriately managed.

No confirmed incidents of bribery or 

corruption involving employees

• Mandatory Annual Declaration on Conflict of Interest to declare potential 

interests so they may be appropriately managed;

• Annual confirmation by employees to agree to comply with the guidelines and 

policies contained in the Code of Conduct. These include conduct on “Giving/

Offering Gifts and Other Inducements” and “Receiving Gifts and Lavish 

Entertainment”; and

• Continual update of the Code of Conduct which is made available to all 

employees via the intranet.

In FY2018, there were no lapses with Singapore Exchange (“SGX”) listing rules leading to 

SGX reprimands, and there were no whistle-blowing reports received. There were also no 

confirmed cases of bribery or corruption involving employees.

21

Far East Orchard Limited Sustainability Report 2018


GRI STANDARDS 2016

DISCLOSURE TITLE

PAGE REFERENCE &amp; REMARKS

GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE

102-1

Name of the organisation

Pg 1

102-2

Activities, brands, products and services

Pg 2

102-3

Location of headquarters

Pg 2

102-4

Location of operations

Pg 2

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Pg 2

102-6

Markets served

Pg 2

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Pg 2-3

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Pg 3

102-9

Supply chain

Pg 5

102-10

Significant changes to organisation and its supply chain

No significant changes

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

2018 Annual Report: Pg 44-46

102-12

External initiatives

Pg 5

102-13

Membership of associations

Pg 17

STRATEGY

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Pg 4

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour

Pg 3

GOVERNANCE

102-18

Governance structure

Pg 6

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Pg 7

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Pg 3

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Pg 7

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Pg 7

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised 

Pg 8

REPORTING PRACTICE

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

2018 Annual Report: Pg 146

102-46

Defining report content and topic Boundaries

Pg 1, 8

102-47

List of material topics

Pg 8

102-48

Restatements of information

Not Applicable

102-49

Changes in reporting

Not Applicable

102-50

Reporting period

Pg 1

102-51

Date of most recent report

19 March 2018 –  

2017 Sustainability Report

102-52

Reporting cycle

Pg 1

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

Pg 1

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

Pg 1

102-55

GRI content index

Pg 22-23

102-56

External assurance

Pg 1

GRI CONTENT  

INDEX

22

Far East Orchard Limited Sustainability Report 2018


GRI STANDARDS 2016

DISCLOSURE TITLE

PAGE REFERENCE &amp; REMARKS

GRI 103: Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Economic Performance

• Pg 9

• 2018 Annual Report:  

Pg 4-5, 8-11, 57-147

Anti-competitive Behaviour

• Pg 9-10

Environmental Compliance

• Pg 10-11

Occupational Health and Safety

• Pg 12-13

Training and Education

• Pg 13-15

Customer Health and Safety

• Pg 15-16

Service Quality

• Pg 17-18

Customer Privacy

• Pg 19-20

Corporate Governance

• Pg 20-21

103-2

The management approach and its components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Material Topics

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

• Pg 9

• 2018 Annual Report:  

Pg 4-5, 8-11, 57-147

ANTI-COMPETITIVE BEHAVIOUR

206-1

Legal actions for anti-competitive behaviour, anti-trust,

and monopoly practices

Pg 9

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations

Pg 11

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, 

lost days, and absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities

Pg 12-13

TRAINING AND EDUCATION

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

Pg 13-14

404-3

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance 

and career development reviews

Pg 15

CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and 

safety impacts of products and services

Pg 16

CUSTOMER PRIVACY

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses of customer data

Pg 20

23

Far East Orchard Limited Sustainability Report 2018








Registration No. 196700511H

1 Tanglin Road #05-01  

Orchard Rendezvous Hotel, Singapore

Singapore 247905

T (65) 6833 6688

F (65) 6738 8085

www.fareastorchard.com.sg

A Member of Far East Organization

