




Registration No. 196700511H

1 Tanglin Road #05-01

Orchard Rendezvous Hotel, Singapore

Singapore 247905

T (65) 6833 6688  F (65) 6738 8085

www.fareastorchard.com.sg



2020

SUSTAINABILITY

REPORT




  Sustainability Report 2020   |   2

02 About This Report

03 Far East Orchard’s Legacy

05 Board Statement

06  Far east orchard 2020 Snapshot

08   Building Sustainability Together 

08  Influencing our supply chain 

09  Our sustainability governance 

10  Commitment to the UN SDGs 

11  Key Stakeholder Engagement 

12  Materiality Assessment

13  The Year in Review

13  Organisation Vitality AND RESILIENCE 

17  Employee Passion

21  health and safety aT work 

25  Community Engagement 

25  Customer Devotion 

32  Environmental Stewardship 

38  GRI Content Index

C

O

N

T

E

N

T

About This Report

Far East Orchard Limited’s (“Far East Orchard” or 

the “Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the 

“Group”) Sustainability Report (“SR”) for the financial year 

ended 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”) aims to provide a 

holistic overview of the Group’s performance in the past 

year, focused on the areas of Environmental, Social and 

Governance (“ESG”). With ramped up initiatives, the 

Group aims to continue incorporating sustainability into 

its operations.

This report is prepared in accordance with the Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards 2016 with reference 

made to the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

Listing Rules 711A and 711B. The relevant disclosures can 

be found in the GRI Content Index included at the end of 

this report.1

The scope of this SR includes the properties under the 

Group’s portfolio for both hospitality and property business 

segments, as outlined in the list shown below.

In FY2020, the scope of the SR has been expanded 

to include a hotel owned by the Group in Malaysia, 

Oasia Suites Kuala Lumpur, and three additional PBSA 

properties acquired and added to the Group’s portfolio 

in November 2019. Following the Group’s increasing 

maturity 

in 

sustainability 

efforts, 

more 

overseas 

operations may be included in the reporting scope of 

future reports. For the reporting period of FY2020, the 

Group has not sought external independent assurance.

No physical printed copies of this report were produced as part 

of the Group’s environmental conservation efforts. An electronic 

version may be viewed at or downloaded from Far East 

Orchard’s corporate website (www.fareastorchard.com.sg).

CONTACT US

To continuously enhance Far East Orchard’s sustainability 

practices and reporting quality in accordance with the 

GRI Reporting Principles (accuracy, balance, clarity, 

comparability, reliability, timeliness), the Group welcomes 

questions and/or suggestions pertaining to this sustainability 

report, which may be sent to ir@fareastorchard.com.sg.

Table 1: In-scope Properties for FY2020

1 Two of the ESG factors identified as material to Far East Orchard – Service Quality and Corporate Governance, are not part of the GRI topic-specific standards and are excluded from 

the GRI Content Index.

Hospitality

Property

Singapore

Singapore

Hotels

• AMOY

• Oasia Hotel Downtown

• Oasia Hotel Novena

• Orchard Rendezvous 

   Hotel, Singapore

• Rendezvous Hotel 

   Singapore

• The Barracks Hotel Sentosa

Serviced Residences

• Far East Plaza Residences

• Oasia Residence

• Orchard Parksuites

• Orchard Scotts Residences

• Regency House

• The Elizabeth Hotel

• The Outpost Hotel Sentosa

• Quincy Hotel

• Village Hotel Albert Court

• Village Hotel Bugis

• Village Hotel Changi

• Village Hotel Katong

• Village Hotel Sentosa

• Village Residence 

  Clarke Quay

• Village Residence Hougang

• Village Residence 

  Roberson Quay

• Village Residence West Coast

Development Properties

• Woods Square

United Kingdom

Development Property

• Westminister Fire Station

Student Accommodation (“PBSA”)

• Harbour Court, Bristol

• Hollingbury House, Brighton

• Portland Green Student Village, Newcastle upon Tyne

   - Bryson Court

   - Marshall Court

   - Newton Court

   - Rosedale Court

   - Turner Court

• St Lawrence House, Bristol

• The Glassworks, Liverpool

• The Foundry, Leeds

• The Elements, Sheffield

Malaysia

Hotels

• Oasia Suites Kuala Lumpur


  Sustainability Report 2020   |   4

 3  |  Sustainability Report 2020  

The Group has implemented guidelines regarding workplace and customer health and 

safety, and prioritised compliance with nation-wide requirements on social distancing 

and adjusted operations accordingly with effective Business Continuity Plans in place.

In Singapore, the Group’s hospitality properties were SG Clean certified while in the 

UK, the Group has worked with its PBSA facilities operator to develop a set of suitable 

operating guidelines to manage the COVID-19 situation at its properties which are also 

accredited by the British Safety Council. In March 2020, taking into consideration the 

measures adopted by the UK universities and circumstances of the student tenants at 

the Group’s PBSA properties, also allowed the early cancellation of student residents’ 

tenancies for the semester in view of the unfolding pandemic situation.

Within daily operations, Safe Management Measures were implemented. Meetings and 

engagement activities were held online wherever possible and trainings were enhanced 

with an increased focus on hygiene and safety. Alternative arrangements awere 

introduced to facilitate and replace regular learning programmes and engagement 

activities with stakeholders for continuous learning and training. Within the hospitality 

industry, many external awards were postponed as it would be difficult for businesses 

to meet regular criteria. The Group’s annual Customer Engagement Index (CEI) survey 

was also deferred due to the pandemic restrictions.

Looking forward, Far East Orchard is committed to continue all efforts in maintaining 

standards of health and safety on properties for its employees, contractors, customers 

and the communities.



Far East 

Orchard’s Legacy 

Established since 1967, Far East Orchard is a real estate company with a lodging 

platform that aims to achieve sustainable and recurring income through a diversified 

and balanced portfolio.

Redefining itself through a strategic transformation of the business in 2012, Far East 

Orchard expanded into the complementary businesses of hospitality management 

and healthcare real estate. In 2015, it diversified its real estate portfolio to include 

PBSA properties in the UK. The Group’s hospitality arm — Far East Hospitality — now 

owns more than 10 hospitality assets and manages over 100 properties with more than 

16,500 rooms in Australia, Denmark, Germany, Hungary, Japan, Malaysia, New Zealand 

and Singapore. Far East Orchard has also developed the FEOR25 Strategy, endorsed 

by the Board, to help chart the strategic direction from now until 2025.

SUSTAINABLE GROWTH

With a wide range of operations in property management and development, the Group 

recognises its impact on the environment and communities, in the industries where it 

operates. The Group has identified several areas of its operations - environmental 

stewardship, talent management and development, and corporate governance, as key 

focus areas to grow its sustainable practices.

This is enhanced through active stakeholder engagement with internal and external 

partners – from customers, business partners, as well as fellow co-workers – such that 

issues can be considered from every angle.

In this report, the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs) will also 

be referenced wherever applicable. The Group is committed to aligning itself with the 

UN SDGs to the best of its abilities to ensure it can strive for sustainability in a holistic 

manner. Further information on the UN SDGs can be found on page 10, Commitment 

to the UN SDGs.

COVID-19 RESPONSE

In response to the changes in business operations due to the COVID-19 pandemic, 

the Group has monitored the situation and ensured that measures were put in place 

to keep employees and customers safe. Aside from the inevitable impact on business 

activities across the industry, the Group has also reviewed the resilience of its business 

while facing COVID-19. The Group is working towards building greater resilience and 

ensuring greater business sustainability in the face of future crises, to better meet the 

expectations of its stakeholders in the long run.



The Group has 

identified several 

areas of its 

operations - 

environmental 

stewardship, 

talent 

management and 

development, 

and corporate 

governance, 

as key focus 

areas to grow 

its sustainable 

practices.

In Singapore, 

the Group’s 

hospitality 

properties were 

SG Clean certified 

while in the UK, 

the Group has 

worked with its 

PBSA facilities 

operator to 

develop a set of 

suitable operating 

guidelines to 

manage the 

COVID-19 situation 

at its properties

The Clan Hotel Singapore


  Sustainability Report 2020   |   6



Board Statement 

FAR EAST ORCHARD 2020 Snapshot 

In FY2020, Far East Orchard leveraged on business continuity plans to minimise 

disruptions to its operations from COVID-19. The Safe Management Measures 

were implemented to provide assurance to the guests staying in our hotels. Far 

East Orchard aims to reassure stakeholders that the Group continues to perform 

and strive in adverse conditions. Below is a snapshot of the Group’s financial 

performance in 2020.

STRIVING FOR GOOD CORPORATE GOVERANCE

EMPLOYEE PASSION

We believe that ethical and transparent corporate governance goes a long way in 

maintaining our quality business and operations.

For the Singapore Governance and Transparency Index 2020, Far East Orchard 

ranked 41 out of 577 SGX-listed companies (top 8%) for corporate governance 

practices in Singapore.

Far East Orchard is also ranked 19th in Singapore for the Asean Corporate 

Governance Scorecard (ACGS) Awards 2020. 

In 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, training hours were reduced to comply 

with safe distancing measures and increased telecommuting. Physical training 

sessions were replaced with online sessions to further ensure safe distancing.

41 

out of 577 

SGX-listed 

companies

19

th

IN SINGAPORE 

ACGS AWARDS 

2020

91.7

average 

TRAINING HOURS 

PER EMPLOYEE

DEAR STAKEHOLDERS,

In 2020, Far East Orchard, along with the rest of the world, has had to focus its efforts on finding 

the viable balance between maintaining our business operations to ensure continuity, while best 

managing our resources to face the implications caused by an unprecedented pandemic. Through 

COVID-19, we were able to strengthen measures to ensure business sustainability remains at the 

top of our key agendas. We have since taken steps to be better prepared to face future crises, and 

to be better equipped to serve the needs of the community, through providing accommodation 

for guests under isolation, as well as for foreign workers in Singapore. Across our properties, we 

made sure to abide by regional guidelines and measures to keep all personnel safe.

In order to keep our business at the forefront of changing expectations and developments in 

the economy, more so in such extraordinary times, the Group has refreshed our approach to 

sustainability, incorporating ESG topics and considerations in more facets of our operations.

Most notably, Far East Orchard will be highlighting our efforts towards the United Nations 

Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs) within our sustainability considerations in our 

operations. The Group has identified five SDGs where we can contribute to most, and which 

we have the greatest impact on. Through this, we hope to be able to maintain the trust that our 

stakeholders have continued to place in us.

Sustainability issues and initiatives are continuously monitored at the Board level to ensure 

that it is considered in the Group’s strategy, policies and measures where applicable. We 

also conduct ongoing assessments of sustainability-related issues, risks and opportunities 

relevant to our business together with our Audit &amp; Risk Committee and Management Risk &amp; 

Sustainability Committee.

In this report, we present our ESG performance for 2020 through key ESG material topics that are 

identified to be relevant to our stakeholders. We will continue to work together with management 

to ensure that the monitoring of respective ESG efforts and initiatives is carried out regularly.

We continue embarking on our sustainability journey together with our stakeholders, seeking ways 

to improve the sustainability efforts in our business operations, while also staying committed to 

maintaining a good holistic performance to achieve a more sustainable business in the long run.

The Board of Directors

16 March 2021

5  |  Sustainability Report 2020  

$112.2 million

Revenue

$1.5 million

Profit 

attributable to 

equity holders

3.0 cents

Final dividend 

per share

(PROPOSED)


  Sustainability Report 2020   |   8

 7  |  Sustainability Report 2020  

ENSURING HEALTH AND 

SAFETY AT WORK 

Our hospitality properties are 

managed and monitored to 

ensure efficiency in energy and 

water consumption, in line with 

our belief that eco-efficiency 

minimises our impact on the 

environment and brings us 

cost savings.

53,589,523 kWh

ENERGY CONSUMPTION

172 kWh/sq m

ENERGY INTENSITY

731,321 m3

WATER CONSUMPTION

2.34 m3/sq m

WATER INTENSITY

Building Sustainability 

Together

As the Group continues to face a changing 

climate and economy, it maintains its efforts to 

incorporate sustainability within its operations. 

The Group ensures that the needs and concerns of 

key stakeholders are taken into consideration in 

developing and executing its business strategies. 

In view of environmental stewardship, the Group 

also aligns itself with operational processes that are 

sustainable, responsible, and resource efficient.

INFLUENCING OUR SUPPLY CHAIN

The Group continues to strive for sustainable business 

practices across its supply chain, from subsidiaries 

to suppliers. The Group prioritises socially and 

environmentally responsible business partners in line 

with its commitment to sustainability throughout all 

facets of operations. Within projects and properties, 

Far East Orchard also incorporates eco-conscious 

construction processes and encourages contractors 

to source for raw materials from sustainable sources. 

Across its supply chain, the Group also aims to 

educate stakeholders and involve them within its 

sustainability efforts.

Sustainability 

Vision

An enduring and trusted real 

estate company, with a lodging 

platform that aims to achieve 

a sustainable and recurring 

income through a diversified and 

balanced portfolio.

Sustainability 

Mission

0 

Incidents 

Of Workplace 

Fatalities

0 

CASES OF 

OCCUPATIONAL 

DISEASE

11.0

incidents 

of workplace 

INJURIES

0.8 

ACCIDENT 

FREQUENCY RATE 

(AFR) 

per million man-hours 

worked

6.1 

ACCIDENT 

SEVERITY RATE 

(ASR) 

per million man-hours 

worked

Delivering long-term value by 

upholding a high standard of 

corporate governance and ethical 

behaviour; nurturing a culture 

of sustainability and adopting 

responsible business practices 

which consider environmental and 

social impacts.

For the past three years, Far 

East Orchard has recorded zero 

incidents of workplace fatalities 

and occupational disease at its 

hospitality properties.

ACHIEVING RESOURCE 

EFFICIENCY


  Sustainability Report 2020   |   10

 9  |  Sustainability Report 2020  

UN SDGs

Description

1

Goal 4

Quality Education

Ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote 

lifelong learning opportunities for all

2

Goal 5 

Gender equality

Achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls

3

Goal 8 

Decent Work and Economic Growth

Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full and 

productive employment and decent work for all

4

Goal 9 

Industry, innovation and infrastructure

Build resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable 

industrialization and foster innovation

5

Goal 16 

Peace, justice and strong institutions

Promote peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable development, provide access to 

justice for all and build effective, accountable and inclusive institutions at all levels

OUR SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE

COMMITMENT TO THE UN SDGS











Figure 2: Sustainability Governance Structure and Roles and Responsibilities of different stakeholders

Figure 3: Descriptions of SDGs addressed within the scope of this report

The Goals are integrated within how the Group 

approaches 

its 

daily 

operations, 

taking 

into 

consideration its impact on people who are part of 

those daily operations as well as society at large. Details 

of the individual Goals and targets will be elaborated 

upon in the respective sections.

The 17 Sustainable Development Goals developed 

by the United Nations (UN SDGs), adopted by all UN 

Member States in 2015, aim to enhance global progress 

towards the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. 

The Goals are set as end targets for a 15-year plan, for 

the planet, as well as the people living on it.

Far 

East 

Orchard 

recognises 

the 

importance 

of 

incorporating initiatives and measures within its business 

operations such that they can be more aligned towards 

meeting the Goals.

For this report of FY2020, the Group has identified five 

key UN SDGs:

To ensure that measures and directions to strengthen 

sustainability within the business are continuously effective, 

Far East Orchard has in place a sustainability governance 

structure to identify, drive and execute sustainability 

initiatives across the Group and its business operations.

Audit &amp; Risk 

Committee 

(“ARC”)

Management 

Risk &amp; 

Sustainability 

Committee 

(“MRSC”)

Business 

Divisions

• Maintains oversight of all 

 sustainability initiatives

• Assists the Board in  

 

 fulfilling its responsibilities 

 for the Group’s

	 -	financial	and	sustainability 

  reporting

 - management of material 

	 	 financial,	operational, 

  compliance, information 

  technology and workplace 

  safety and health risks 

  to safeguard stakeholders’ 

  interests and the Group’s  

  assets

• Chaired by the Group 

 Chief Executive Officer, 

 and includes 

 representatives from 

 various business divisions 

 and key functions

• Supports the ARC, 

 ensuring effective 

 integration into the 

 Group’s business 

 operations and 

 corporate objectives

• Drives the overall 

 sustainability agenda 

 and allocates resources 

 to support and achieve 

 underlying initiatives

• Reviews all policies and 

 procedures relating to 

 ESG issues on an ongoing 

 basis

• Assists in risk management  

 and sustainability efforts

• Implement sustainability- 

 related initiatives cascaded  

 from the MRSC, ensuring 

 a clear and consistent 

 approach across the Group

• Provide regular updates 

 to the MRSC

The Board 

of Directors

• Collectively responsible   

 for the long-term 

 success of the Group

• Provides strategic  

 

	 direction	and	specifically			

 considers sustainability   

 issues as part of 

 its strategic formulation

• Determine material ESG 

 factors and ensure that   

 they are monitored and   

 managed


  Sustainability Report 2020   |   12

 11  |  Sustainability Report 2020  

KEY STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Key Stakeholders

Modes of Engagement

Shareholders

• Half-yearly financial reporting

• Announcements/ news releases on corporate actions and developments

• Annual General Meeting

• Corporate website

• Analyst meetings

• Roadshows

• Queries to Investor Relations team

The Board

• Induction and orientation programmes for new Board members

• Ongoing communication

• Board and Board committee meetings

• Site visits

• Strategy meeting

Employees

• Orientation programme

• Ongoing staff communication

• Training programmes

• Team bonding and recreational activities

• Annual colleague engagement survey

• Performance and career development reviews

• Townhall meeting

Customers

• Customer satisfaction surveys

• Guest comment cards

• Priority guest programme

• Websites

Business Partners

• Physical and virtual meetings

• On-site visits

• Industry gatherings

In the current situation of the pandemic, Far East Orchard 

adheres to the Safe Management Measures to the best of 

its abilities and aims to prevent any risk of unnecessary 

contact between its stakeholders.

As such, engagement activities with relevant stakeholders 

were conducted online as much as possible such that 

exposure is minimised. Communication with individual 

stakeholder groups are continued through contactless 

or virtual means. In accordance with guidelines issued by 

the regulator, the Group held its annual general meeting 

for shareholders through a virtual platform, with a live 

audio-visual webcast in June 2020. As the pandemic 

is still yet to be under control, the Group will continue 

utilising alternative communication channels to keep its 

stakeholders in the loop about the business.

Figure 4: Key stakeholder engagement initiatives

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

Figure 5: 2020 Materiality Matrix



Influence on stakeholders’ assessments and decisions

Significance of economic, environmental, social and governance impacts to the business

Low

Medium

High

Low

Medium

High

• Customer Health and Safety

• Occupational Health 

 and Safety

• Service Quality

• Anti-competitive Behaviour

• Environmental Compliance

• Training and Education

• Corporate Governance

• Economic Performance

• Customer Privacy

Meaningful two-way communication with stakeholders 

of the business helps the Group to better anticipate and 

manage challenges in a sustainable long-term business. 

Stakeholders with a significant influence on and interest in 

the Group’s business are engaged through both formal and 

informal channels of communication.

Building on stakeholder engagement, the Group considers 

the interests of key stakeholders in developing its strategy, 

striving to balance their interests with its business 

objectives. Bespoke modes of engagement are used for 

different stakeholders that matter to the business, as 

shown in the table below.

Key material ESG topics were identified as relevant to Far 

East Orchard and its stakeholders. Annually, a materiality 

refreshment exercise, including a peer benchmarking 

analysis and consultations with internal stakeholders, is 

conducted to ensure the continued relevance of these ESG 

topics. These ESG topics were then endorsed by Far East 

Orchard’s management and Board.

For the reporting year of 2020, following the GRI principles, 

11 topics have been identified within the 9 key ESG topics, 

unchanged from the previous reporting period, and will be 

elaborated in the following sections.


  Sustainability Report 2020   |   14

 13  |  Sustainability Report 2020  

Compliance Checks

Staff Readiness

• Putting in place internal processes to monitor 

  continuous compliance and reinforce adherence with 

   the Competition Act

• Evaluating reported incidents of non-compliance with 

  the Competition Act, guidelines by the Competition 

   and Consumer Commission of Singapore (“CCCS”) and 

   investigations by relevant authorities against the Group 

 for anti-competitive behaviour, if any

• Reviewing 

legal 

contracts 

and 

agreements 

to 

   ascertain the absence of anti-competitive behaviour

• A Competition Law Compliance Manual is part of the 

  Employee Handbook which is given to all new hires and 

  made available to all existing employees

• Incorporating a session on compliance with competition 

 law as part of the orientation programme for new 

  employees

•	Arranging	annual	legal	briefings	conducted	by	external 

  competition lawyers on competition law for employees

•	Conducting	in-house	quarterly	briefings	on	competition 

  law for sales and marketing employees

The Year in Review

Organisation Vitality AND RESILIENCE

INDUSTRY, INNOVATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE

Far East Orchard is committed to contributing to the local 

economy, works with changemakers to bring creative solutions to 

address issues and improve the community and society around it.



The Group recorded revenue of $112.2 million in FY2020, 

a decrease of 28.1% compared to the prior year, and $1.5 

million profit attributable to equity holders, compared to 

$26.0 million in FY2019. 

Details of Far East Orchard’s FY2020 financial performance 

are listed in the following sections in its 2020 Annual 

Report:

• Chairman’s Statement

• CEO’s Message

• 5-Year Financial Highlights

• Financial Report

The Group is committed to delivering sustainable growth 

for its stakeholders over the long term, through its lodging 

platform strategy that focuses on hospitality and PBSA 

business segments to generate recurring income.

In 2020, in view of the COVID-19 pandemic, Far East 

Orchard has ensured business continuity to minimise 

disruptions to its operations by triggering the business 

continuity plans. The Group has implemented safety 

measures in its properties and strived for a balance 

between business growth and keeping all personnel safe 

in these unprecedented times.

GRI-202-1

Direct economic 

value generated 

and distributed

PEACE, JUSTICE AND STRONG INSTITUTIONS

Far East Orchard is committed to contributing to the local economy, 

working with changemakers to bring creative solutions to address 

issues and improve the community and society around it.



It is the Group’s policy to conduct business fairly and 

ethically in the markets it operates in. Without exception 

to this policy, Far East Orchard consistently strives 

towards the highest standards of professional values and 

integrity, including the non-tolerance of anti-competitive 

behaviour. It takes legal compliance very seriously and 

does not condone or sanction any anti-competitive 

conduct by employees.

GRI-206-1

Legal actions for 

anti-competitive 

behaviour, anti-

trust, and monopoly 

practices

DOING GOOD BUSINESS

CONDUCTING A FAIR BUSINESS FOR ALL

MAINTAINING THE HIGHEST LEVEL OF ETHICS

Figure 6: Measures adopted to ensure that business operations are conducted ethically

FY2021 Target

Key Initiatives to be Continued/ Implemented

No violations of 

the Competition 

Act and CCCS 

guidelines

• Outline the expectations of employees in relation to compliance with competition laws during 

  orientation programmes

• Provide appropriate training and refresher courses for all employees that deal directly with any 

  of Far East Orchard’s competitors

• Encourage reporting of any suspected anti-competitive conduct to relevant parties (e.g. risk 

   management and compliance personnel) and/or external regulatory agencies

• Build a culture that encourages employees to immediately inform the Group’s Head of Legal 

  when they become aware of any behaviour or work practice that appears to be inconsistent with 

  the Group’s Competition Compliance Manual

Far East Orchard has and continues to routinely review and 

implement rigorous compliance and training programmes 

to ensure that its business practices are and continue to be 

fully compliant with all applicable laws.

To ensure the continued growth of its business in a 

principled and ethical manner, Far East Orchard will 

continue to adhere strictly to all applicable laws.

Some of the measures which have been and continue to be 

adopted include:

In FY2020, the Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance with the Competition Act. No infringement decisions 

were made by the CCCS.


  Sustainability Report 2020   |   16

 15  |  Sustainability Report 2020  

Peace, Justice And Strong Institutions

Far East Orchard has an internal governance structure to 

ensure that policies and management are reliable and 

effective, benefiting customers and employees alike.



Far East Orchard is committed to good corporate 

governance, accountability and transparency in all its 

endeavours. The Group observes a high standard of 

corporate conduct, integral to ensuring the sustainability 

of its business and performance as well as safeguarding 

stakeholders’ 

interests 

and 

maximising 

long-term 

shareholder value.

The Group has established corporate policies and internal 

controls to ensure compliance with the relevant laws and 

regulations as presented below.

GRI-102-18

Governance 

structure

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE, ACCOUNTABILITY AND TRANSPARENCY

Figure 7: Corporate Policies and Internal Controls

RECOGNISING GOOD CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

ASEAN CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE SCORECARD 

AWARDS

Far East Orchard ranked top 19th 

in Singapore for the ACGS Awards 

2020, 

evaluated 

by 

the 

ASEAN 

Capital Markets Forum for corporate 

governance standards.



SGX FAST TRACK PROGRAMME 

2020 &amp; 2021

Launched by SGX, the programme 

recognises companies with good 

corporate governance.

RANKED AMONG TOP 8% OF 

SGX-LISTED FIRMS

In SGTI 2020, Far East Orchard 

ranked 41 out of 577 companies for 

corporate governance practices in 

Singapore.

The Group has well-established corporate governance 

practices,	 and	 is	 firmly	 committed	 to	 upholding	 high	

standards of corporate governance. Far East Orchard was 

ranked among the top 8% of companies listed on the SGX 

according to the Singapore Governance and Transparency 

Index (“SGTI”) 2020. The SGTI is the leading index for 

assessing corporate governance practices of Singapore-

listed companies and is published annually.

In 2020, Far East Orchard was ranked 19th in Singapore 

for the ASEAN Corporate Governance Scorecard (ACGS) 

Awards, organised by the ASEAN Capital Markets Forum 

(ACMF), a high-level grouping of capital market regulators 

from all 10 ASEAN jurisdictions. The scorecard measures 

the standards of corporate governance for publicly listed 

companies in areas such as shareholder rights, anti-

corruption, transparency and Board management. The 

Group	has	made	significant	improvement	since	its	placement	

of 68th back in 2017.

SGX has also included Far East Orchard in its Fast Track 

Programme for 2020 and 2021. The SGX Fast Track 

programme rewards companies with high corporate 

governance standards and a good compliance track record. 

It incentivises companies through prioritised clearance for 

selected corporate-action submissions to SGX RegCo.

The Group’s corporate governance practices are detailed 

in	 its	 2020	 Annual	 Report	 with	 specific	 reference	 to	

the principles and provisions of the Code of Corporate 

Governance 2018. 

FY2021 Targets

Key Initiatives to be Continued/ Implemented

To ensure no 

lapses with SGX 

rule requirements 

resulting in SGX 

reprimands

• Participate in seminars, dialogues, round-table discussions and consultations with SGX, to 

  understand and track any new listing rules and keep abreast of any penalties issued against other 

   SGX-listed companies

• Maintain and track new listing rules or updates

• Maintain and centralise all communication and correspondence with SGX (and any other relevant 

  regulatory authorities), to monitor and track all inquiries, feedback, and responses and to maintain 

  a consistent response in each correspondence

• Continue the practice of mandatory Annual Declaration on Conflict of Interest to declare potential 

  interests so they may be appropriately managed

To ensure no 

confirmed incidents 

of bribery or 

corruption involving 

employees

• Mandatory Annual Declaration on Conflict of Interest to declare potential interests so they may be 

  appropriately managed

• Annual confirmation by employees to agree to comply with the guidelines and policies contained in 

  the Code of Conduct. These include conduct on “Giving/ Offering Gifts and Other Inducements” 

  and “Receiving Gifts and Lavish Entertainment”

• Continual update of the Code of Conduct which is made available to all employees via the intranet

Internal 

Controls

• Delegation of 

 Authority Matrix

• Periodic internal and 

 external audits

• Quarterly circular to 

 Board and employees on 

 Securities Trading Policy

Guiding 

Policies

•  Corporate Governance  

 Policies Manual

•  Employee Handbook

•  Code of Conduct

•  Enterprise Risk 

 Management Manual

•  Securities Trading Policy

•  Whistle-blowing Policy

• Investor Relations Policy

• Procurement Policy 

• Board Diversity policy

In FY2020, there were neither any lapses with SGX rule requirements resulting in SGX reprimands nor any 

confirmed incidents of bribery or corruption involving employees.


  Sustainability Report 2020   |   18

 17  |  Sustainability Report 2020  

Employee passion

Quality education

Far East Orchard ensures that all employees receive fair and suitable 

opportunities within their careers for self-improvement through 

training, performance feedback and educational initiatives.



The Group is committed to attracting, developing and 

retaining a diverse and inclusive workforce to ensure 

continued growth in a competitive global marketplace.

To that end, the Human Resources team continues to foster 

cross-functional connections, support mentoring and 

networking opportunities, and provide professional and 

leadership development opportunities for its employees.

As of 31 December 2020, the Group employs 1,066 staff 

members2, including the 109 or 10% who are covered by 

collective bargaining agreements.

GRI-404-1

Average hours of 

training per year 

per employee

EMPOWERING OUR PEOPLE

Gender equality

Far East Orchard takes extra note to uphold gender equality in 

hiring and employment, striving to provide a workplace where 

equal opportunities are given regardless of gender.



GRI-404-3

Percentage of 

employees receiving 

regular performance 

and career 

development reviews

Female

Male

133

102

470

361

Permanent

Contract

Nationality

Singaporean

Malaysian

Chinese

Filipino

Others

51%

27%

15%

4% 2%

Age Group

≤	30	Years

31 to 30 Years

≥	50	Years

41 to 50 Years

37%

31%

18%

14%

Figure 9: Workforce statistics as at 31 December 2020

2 Includes employees supervised by the Group’s hospitality management arm but employed by the owner of the in-scope properties and excludes employees hired by the Group’s 

 joint venture - TFE Hotels.

ENABLING CONSTANT LEARNING AND UPGRADING

The commitment of Far East Orchard to the development 

of its employees is underscored by its belief that building 

the capabilities of its employees allows it to retain its 

competitive edge and enhance its brand profile. In 

enabling employees to be strong in their functional core 

skills and building their leadership capabilities, the Group 

can continuously develop a talent pool ready for succession 

and deployment.

Far East Orchard has cultivated a learning culture where 

employees feel valued, motivated and confident. In turn, 

this enhances overall performance and productivity, while 

reducing employee turnover.

95.2 hours 

2018

100.0 hours 

2019

91.7 hours 

2 0 2 0

Average training hours per year per employee

Functional 

and 

Technical 

Skills

Leadership 

Skills

Managers 

Development

CEO 

Connect 

and 

leadership 

talks

In line with SkillsFuture 

and Workforce 

Singapore, the Group’s 

core training modules 

and programmes centres 

around customer service 

and enhancement of 

employees’ technical 

skills.

All employees are 

trained in leadership 

skills beginning with self-

leadership. This enables 

the Group to drive and 

sustain success with 

an aligned approach 

towards financial 

performance

and an “Acts of Grace” 

work culture for 

both employees and 

customers.

Launched in 2018, the 

Group’s Managers 

Development 

Programme focuses 

on the development 

of its future leaders by 

equipping them with 

the knowledge, skills 

and ability to lead.

Conducted from time-

to-time, these talks allow 

employees to interact 

with management and 

other industry leaders, 

as part of their learning 

&amp; development.

The Group’s designated Learning and People Development 

(“L&amp;PD”) team monitors and evaluates the development 

of its employees. This is done through the Learning 

Management System, which records the impact of training 

programmes on employees and reviews training investment 

in terms of time and cost on a monthly basis.

The effectiveness of training programmes is also measured 

through post-training evaluation and observation of any 

on-the-job transfer of learning. Training programmes are 

monitored, reviewed and modified quarterly to ensure 

relevance to the business needs, changing environment as 

well as employee profiles.

The Group’s employees received a total of 99,100 hours 

of training in 2020, an average of 91.7 training hours per 

employee. A breakdown by gender is shown in Figure 12.

Figure 11: Holistic employee development approach

Figure 10: Training hours per employee for the past 3 years

603

463


  Sustainability Report 2020   |   20

 19  |  Sustainability Report 2020  

In FY2020, each employee underwent an average of 91.7 hours of training, exceeding its FY2020 target of 

an average of 80 hours per employee. The Group will continue to work towards equipping its employees 

with the necessary knowledge and skills, as well as elevate their competencies.

COVID-19 

Measures

In 2020, training activities have been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic due to 

the implementation of safe distancing guidelines at workplaces.

During the period of the Circuit Breaker implemented by the Singapore government, 

Safe Management Measures and restrictions were in place in the Group’s properties 

and operations. As such, many of the regular learning programmes, as well as guest 

or staff engagement activities were cancelled. Instead, training sessions were offered 

virtually where possible. .

91.7 hours 

Per 

employee

Average training hours per employee

Figure 12: Average training hours per employee in FY2020

92.2 hours 

Per male 

employee

91.3 hours 

Per female 

employee

In view of the pandemic, the Group will continue to focus 

its training programmes on topics such as hygiene, safety 

and mental wellness in FY2021. In preparation for business 

recovery, the Group is looking into 3 key development 

areas: Productivity (Job Redesign), Data and Digital Skills, 

and Service Experience (Incorporating Safety Measures). 

This will be accompanied with a training and education 

target of 80 hours per annum for FY2021. 

FY2021 Target

Key Initiatives to be Continued/ Implemented

80 hours of training 

per employee per 

annum

• Conduct training for employees via varied modes of learning

• Roll out compulsory e-learning courses

PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT AND 

TALENT DEVELOPMENT

To ensure that employees of Far East Orchard are able to 

review and monitor their own individual progress over the 

year, the Group has in place a continuous performance 

management process to formally evaluate employees’ 

achievements against the agreed goals set at the beginning 

of the year.

At regular intervals throughout the year, ongoing 

performance feedback conversations between managers 

and team members ensures timely review of progress, 

adjustments to support needed and the realignment 

of efforts and resources where necessary. The year-end 

performance appraisal is the final stage in the overall 

performance management process where managers and 

team members take stock of the achievement of agreed 

goals and targets set for the year.

The discipline of activities in the performance management 

process underpins our efforts to build a high-performance 

culture where the work and contributions of every staff 

member are clearly defined, measured and objectively 

evaluated.

The eAppraisal system enables and facilitates the process, 

and provides visibility and structure to monitor, review and 

document goals, activities, achievements and feedback. 

Triggers via emails and HR team will be through the stages.

FY2021 Target

Key Initiatives to be Continued/ Implemented

100% of full-time employees to 

receive regular performance 

and career development reviews3

• Inculcate a culture of continuous performance management at all 

   levels, encouraging effective ongoing conversations and feedback 

   between managers and their direct reports throughout the year

In FY2020, 100% of full-time employees received regular performance and career development reviews.3

Capture 2020 

SMART 

&amp; Outcome 

Based goals in 

the 2020

eGoals Forum

BU / Division 

Heads to sign 

off on their 

respective 

teams’ Goals, 

KPIs &amp; targets

By 30 Apr 2020

2020 Performance Management

Managers &amp; Direct Reports 

to have regular 1-to-1 

performance review and 

feedback conversations. 

Use the eAppraisal form to 

document key 

discussion points 

Managers &amp; Direct Reports 

should discuss and 

identify key stakeholders 

the staff will be working 

with in the year to 

be feedback providers 

Mandated Quarterly 1-to-1 performance review 

and feedback conversations for SMs &amp; above 

and their direct reports. Complete and document:

Throughout the Year

Throughout the Year

Documented feedback in 

the eAppraisal system 

will be required to support 

promotion cases to SMs 

and above

Mandated for Promotion cases

1. Q1* conversations by 31 May

 2. Q2 * conversations by 31 Aug

3. Q3  conversations by 31 Oct

Mandated Quarterly

New

New

New

3Excluding employees on prolonged leave and new hires that have been with the Group for less than three months.

Figure 13: Performance 

management process

* Completion of quarterly 1-to-1 performance review and feedback conversation will follow the Apr, Jul, Oct cycle from 2021


  Sustainability Report 2020   |   22

 21  |  Sustainability Report 2020  

Health and safety at work

Quality Education

Far East Orchard ensures that all employees receive appropriate 

and adequate training and education on topics related to workplace 

health and safety, ensuring that their wellbeing is prioritised when 

they are at work.



GRI-403-2

Types of injury 

and rates of injury, 

occupational 

diseases, lost days, 

and absenteeism, 

and number of work-

related fatalities

WORKPLACE SAFETY AND HEALTH

340.0

50.0

10.0

Workplace Injuries

1.7

0.4

AFR

1.7

68.1

5.0

ASR

19.1

2018

2019

2020

Far East Orchard prioritises workplace safety and health 

(“WSH”) and strives to provide its employees and other 

stakeholders with a safe and conducive work environment. 

The Group establishes procedures for dealing with 

workplace hazards, and strictly enforces health and safety 

measures where any non-compliance is detected.

Figure 14: Workplace safety trends for the past 3 years

Key Initiatives

Policies

Reinforcements

Appointed 

WSH Personnel

Key initiatives undertaken by the Group include:

Figure 15: Occupational health and safety key initiatives

• Adopt safe working practices that are in line with national and international 

  safety regulations

• Provide employees with safe and well-maintained tools and equipment

• Provide training to all employees to enhance their competence and awareness 

  on WSH requirements

• Annual pledge to acknowledge and comply with the Group’s Safety Commitment, 

  outlined in the Employee Handbook

• Review of WSH Policy and objectives at least once a year

• Requirement for all engaged main contractors to be Occupational Health and Safety 

  Assessment Series (“OHSAS”) 18001 certified or an equivalent of a well-recognised 

  standard for safety management system

• Daily morning brief on WSH for hospitality employees

• Fortnightly circulation of reminders about WSH to all employees to increase awareness 

 and impart safe work habits

• Conduct quarterly cluster WSH meetings 

• Conduct annual WSH risk assessments to proactively identify hazardous activities and 

 workspaces, and put mitigation measures in place

• Conduct emergency drills for potentially hazardous situations, including, but not 

  limited to power failures, medical emergencies, fires and lift entrapments, at least 

  twice a year

• Conduct table-top exercise with local authorities to prepare for lone wolf 

  terrorist attacks

• Annual review of the Group’s risk register with new incidents to be updated and shared 

 across properties

• Maintain recognised WSH management system

• Appointment of a WSH representative with at least a bizSAFELevel 2 certificate, 

  to be responsible for handling WSH matters and implementation of WSH policies 

  at each property

• Formation of Company Emergency Response Teams who are equipped with safety 

  equipment to perform emergency responses

• Engagement of certified Fire Safety Managers to evaluate the fire safety measures 

  deployed within the in-scope hospitality properties


  Sustainability Report 2020   |   24

 23  |  Sustainability Report 2020  

RESPONDING TO THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC

Keeping in line with the Group’s commitment in 

maintaining a high level of health and safety for its 

employees and customers, the management has in place 

strict measures in the workplace ever since the COVID-19 

outbreak.

The Group’s PBSA properties’ operator in the UK, Abodus 

Student Living, has received the COVID-19 assurance 

statement from the British Safety Council in November 

2020, as a testament to its standards of health and safety. 

Through a remote-based review, the assurance was 

issued upon the confirmation that appropriate protocols, 

organisational policies, procedures and arrangements 

were in place, complying with current UK government 

and sector-specific guidelines relating to the control of 

COVID-19. 

In Singapore, the Group’s hospitality properties were SG 

Clean certified through its effective measures in place. 

The SG Clean quality mark recognises organisations 

from various sectors that commit to upholding good 

standards of sanitation and hygiene practices that are 

assessed through a thorough official assessment.

These standards that the Group has met are a strong 

endorsement of the safety standards in the Group’s 

operations, with not many operators having received the 

stringent accreditation. Far East Orchard will continue to 

ensure that its properties are kept as safe as possible for 

its employees and customers.

MAINTAINING A SAFE WORKING 

ENVIRONMENT

In its pursuit of high WSH standards, the Group also 

monitors and evaluates “near-misses” in addition 

to the mandatory reportable incidents (in occuring 

at its hospitality properties). Root Cause analysis 

are conducted, and lessons learnt are shared with 

all employees to increase awareness and prevent 

reoccurrences.

A breakdown of the Group’s FY2020 health and safety 

performance is as follows:

Zero 

Incidents of 

workplace fatalities

Zero

Cases of 

occupational disease

11.0

Incidents of 

workplace injuries

0.8 

Accident Frequency 

Rate (AFR)

per million man-hours worked

6.1 

Accident Severity 

Rate (ASR)

per million man-hours worked

Figure 16: Occupational health and safety indicators for the hospitality properties1

FY2021 Targets

Key Initiatives to be Continued/ Implemented

Zero cases 

of workplace 

fatalities

• Conduct regular safety trainings

• Collaborate with local authorities to organise emergency drills for potentially 

  hazardous situations

• Quarterly WSH Committee meetings, where representatives from each property share 

  about common incidences, causes and preventive measures

• Organise two roadshows at every hospitality property to promote WSH

Improvement to  

AFR and ASR

Reduce the number 

of workplace 

injuries by 25%

KEEPING THE WORKPLACE SAFE IN 

THE PANDEMIC

To ensure minimal impacts to the Group’s operations, 

Business Continuity Plans were put into place alongside 

safe workplace measures. Far East Orchard prioritises 

the health and safety of its employees, more so during 

the COVID-19 pandemic.

In June 2020, employees at Far East Orchard group of 

business were split into two groups and allowed back into 

the office on an alternating week basis (Grouping A/B) 

and only if they required materials or services that were 

provided only in the office, such as completing contracts 

or other transactions on-site or to access specialised 

terminals or machines in the workplace. Employees were 

to stagger their lunch breaks and working hours, to 

minimise exposure when commuting on public transport. 

Safe distancing and Safe Management Measures were 

implemented, such as the checking in and out of the 

office building, keeping a mask on at all times, and 

avoiding crowding or gathering in the office.

StaySafe@FEO is an online portal introduced for 

employees to record their daily temperatures twice a 

day including weekends and public holidays. This allows 

for the management to keep track of employees’ health 

status and travel declarations in case of any emergencies.

Where possible, internal and external meetings were 

conducted virtually. For physical meetings that cannot 

be held online, the organiser is responsible for limiting 

the number of attendees with safe distancing to be 

observed at all times.

Visitors to any Far East Orchard property were restricted 

to essential services only, with prior approval from the 

Company Safety Management Officer. They are also 

made to adhere to the safe distancing measures and to 

have their temperature screened before entering the 

properties.

In September, employees returned to the office two days 

a week with alternating schedules and with no more than 

50% of the employees in office each day. Employees 

were to continue working from home if they were not 

scheduled to be in the office.

The Group aims to continue monitoring the situation to 

better adjust these measures such that health and safety 

can be maintained at high standards in Far East Orchard 

properties.

In FY2020, Far East Orchard maintained its zero workplace fatalities and occupational disease cases record 

at its hospitality properties. The Group’s efforts to create a safe working environment for its employees 

were also reflected in the lower number of workplace injuries from 50.0 in FY2019 to 11.0 in FY2020. Far 

East Orchard saw a decrease in its AFR from 1.7 in FY2019 to 0.8 per million man-hours year-on-year, while 

its ASR improved from 19.1 to 6.1 per million man-hours worked in FY2020.

1 Applicable to Singapore properties only


  Sustainability Report 2020   |   26

 25  |  Sustainability Report 2020  

Community Engagement

VALUES IN MOTION

Through Far East Orchard’s core values in Business with 

Grace, Unity, Integrity, Love and Diligence, the Group is 

committed to contributing in various ways to benefit the 

community around it. Employees are regularly encouraged 

to contribute to charitable causes supported by the Group. 

Volunteer activities are conducted during and outside 

of office hours, reflecting both corporate and personal 

commitment in contributing to the causes.

In FY2020, due to the onset of COVID-19, the Group was 

unable to conduct its regular volunteering and community 

engagement activities. In compliance with Safe Management 

Measures and to minimise the risk of exposure between 

employees and other stakeholders, Far East Orchard 

has decided to postpone most of its engagement events 

and activities.

The Group envisions to double up its efforts and look 

into enhancing its future activities when the pandemic 

restrictions are let up in the near future.

Customer Devotion

SAFEGUARDING THE PRIVACY OF CUSTOMERS

Peace, Justice And Strong Institutions

Far East Orchard follows a strict code of conduct to ensure that 

its customers have their personal information safeguarded and 

will continue to enjoy their privacy with the Group.

GRI-418-1

Substantiated 

complaints concerning 

breaches of customer 

privacy and losses of 

customer data

Far East Orchard is committed to safeguarding its 

customers’ personal information, and maintaining the 

privacy and security of data in relation to its business 

operations. Customers can trust that their personal data is 

being collected, handled, and protected in a responsible 

and secure manner. The Group does not divulge or sell 

personal information to third parties for marketing or 

promotional purposes. In particular, the personal data 

of guests who stay at the hotels and serviced residences 

operated by the Group is collected, used and disclosed 

strictly for registration and stay purposes only.

MANAGING PERSONAL DATA

Key initiatives to uphold customer privacy include:

• Appointment of data protection officers (“DPOs”) for 

 each business unit who maintain and monitor each  

 business unit’s compliance with the relevant data 

 protection legislation

• Regular monitoring of business processes and security 

 procedures to assess and ensure compliance with 

 relevant data protection laws

•  Maintain a data inventory map to facilitate effective 

 record management

•  Taking measures to comply with the advisory guidelines 

 relating 

to 

National 

Registration 

Identity 

Card 

 and other national identification numbers issued 

 by Singapore’s Personal Data Protection Commission 

 (“PDPC”)

The Group also has a manual for employees to inculcate 

awareness of the importance of complying with applicable 

data protection laws. This manual was reviewed and 

updated in 2019, and a further review is underway in view 

of the proposed changes to the PDPA. Employees are 

required to go through retraining or a refresher course at 

least once a year.

The DPOs can be contacted by email at dpo@fareastorchard.

com.sg. The contact details were published in BizFile in 2020.

In FY2020, there were no substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and loss of 

customer data that resulted in fines by the PDPC.

FY2021 Target

Key Initiatives to be Continued/ Implemented

No substantiated 

complaints concerning  

breaches of customer 

privacy and loss 

of customer data 

that resulted in fines 

by the PDPC

• Educate employees on data privacy regulations and their role in compliance

• Regular review of business processes to facilitate compliance with data 

  privacy regulations

• Training by external counsel to educate employees



•  Taking measures to comply with other relevant regional 

 and/or national guidelines, including the European 

 Union's General Data Protection Regulation and the 

 UK's Data Protection Act 2018

• Periodic reviews and updates to manuals and policies 

 to ensure relevancy, including the Information Security 

 and Management Policy, Privacy Policy and a manual 

 for employees to inculcate awareness of, and facilitate 

 compliance with, applicable data protection laws


  Sustainability Report 2020   |   28

 27  |  Sustainability Report 2020  

In a highly competitive industry, the Group’s hospitality 

arm, Far East Hospitality, strives to maintain a sustainable 

competitive advantage and the confidence of its customers 

through its focus on service quality. The Group is committed 

to drive continuous improvement while differentiating itself 

within the industry to resonate with both new and existing 

customers. The Group uses a two-pronged approach to 

manage Service Quality, with initiatives throughout the 

year to provide the Group with a holistic assessment on 

the service delivered to its customers.

The two-pronged approach comprises:

•  Conduct 

daily 

trainings 

for 

Far 

East 

Hospitality 

 employees on “Service”, as guided by the Acts of Grace 

 service values.

•  Set expectations for all employees to consistently deliver 

 the Acts of Grace (Attitude-Customer-Tream-Savviness- 

 Observation-Fulfilment-Gratitude-Responsiveness- 

 Anticipation-Change-Engender) service attributes to all 

 guests.

•  Conduct bi-annual Service Quality Audits (Mystery) by a 

 select pool of surveyors to assess the delivery of services in 

 accordance with SOPs and the effectiveness of trainings.

•  Track and Monitor customers’ feedback

•  Review customers’ feedback on Revinate and social 

 media (e.g. TripAdvisor)

•  Give recognition to employees who perform beyond 

 expectations for service delivery.

PROCESS Quality

Delivery Quality

•  Review 

and 

update 

SOPs 

for 

service 

delivery 

 regularly according to customers’ feedback to meet 

 the evolving expectations of customers.

•  Conduct 

on-the-job 

trainings 

or 

communication 

 sessions for the respective roles/departments affected.

•  Update the Service Quality Audit survey questions 

 accordingly to ensure a matched assessment.

Various initiatives are also in place to build a service-

oriented workplace, including:

Figure 17: The two-pronged service quality approach

Employee of the 

Month

Programme served to 

recognise staff who have 

received excellent 

reviews from guests for 

their service delivery

Hall of 

Excellence

Annual programme to reward 

staff who have over the year 

delivered extraordinary 

service to our customers 

and are a role model for their 

fellow colleagues

Participation in 

Industry Service 

Excellence Awards 

and Accolades

Staff are nominated in any 

and every service 

excellence awards organised 

by/for the industry

As a member of the Singapore Hotel Association (SHA) 

and Association of Rooms Division Executives (Singapore) 

and a Collaborative Partner of the Singapore Tourism 

Board, Far East Hospitality benefits from industry insights 

and learning about best practices via networking events 

and publications. This information is used to strengthen 

the Group’s service quality standards and operational 

excellence.

Since 2016, Far East Hospitality has engaged an independent 

external consultant to assess the quality of service delivered 

to its customers. Working with management, the external 

consultant has developed a Customer Engagement Index 

(“CEI”) target for the Group, which is benchmarked against 

the industry. A corresponding survey to measure the 

Group’s CEI score is conducted annually.

Due to the pandemic restrictions on Far East Hospitality’s 

operations in 2020, the annual CEI assessment was 

cancelled as it would not reflect an accurate result in the 

current circumstances. Instead, customers were engaged 

through various activities throughout the year via virtual 

platforms such as Microsoft Teams, as well as on property 

when possible.

The Group will continue to monitor and take into account 

guest feedback received. The Group aims to reinstate its 

CEI survey targets at such time when hospitality operations 

return to pre-pandemic conditions.

FY2021 Target

Key Initiatives to be Continued/ Implemented

CEI Survey: N/A*

*The CEI survey of 2021 would 

take into consideration the 

performance and feedback in 

2020, so it will not provide an 

accurate result. As such, no 

targets are set for FY2021, 

and the Group will monitor 

the number and nature 

of feedback from guests.

• Far East Hospitality employees to perform an act of grace beyond work each day

• Incorporate hygiene and safety topics Service Experience Creation to meet the 

  unspoken needs of guests

• Maintain validation by the COVID-19 Joint Task Force personnel through keeping 

  a high standard of health and safety on property

• Recruit mystery shoppers from government agencies to enhance the service audit

PROVIDING QUALITY SERVICE

Peace, Justice And Strong Institutions

Far East Orchard takes into consideration the needs and 

demands of its customers as well as its employees providing 

services through appropriate stakeholder engagement.

GRI-102-43

Identifying and 

selecting stakeholders

RI-102-44

Approach to 

stakeholder engagement




  Sustainability Report 2020   |   30

 29  |  Sustainability Report 2020  

Peace, Justice &amp; Strong Institutions

Far East Orchard ensures that measures and policies are in 

place to maintain a high standard of health and safety within its 

properties for customers.



GRI-416-2

Incidents of 

non-compliance 

concerning the health 

and safety impacts of 

products and services

ENSURING CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY

Working closely with employees and  property operators, 

Far East Orchard is committed to providing its customers 

with a safe and healthy environment.

The Group has identified potential risks, established 

mitigating safety measures, and set up Standard Operating 

Procedures (“SOPs”) which are regularly updated to ensure 

that its employees are well-equipped and prepared to 

respond appropriately and promptly in various situations.

In the preceding year, the Group’s commitment to a high 

standard of security was recognised at the 2019 Annual 

Hotel Security Awards Presentation Ceremony, organised 

by SHA, National Crime Prevention Council and the 

Singapore Police Force.

In FY2020, the Annual Hotel Security Awards were not 

held due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

HOSPITALITY

Comprehensive measures undertaken to ensure the 

heath and safety of hotel guests on-site include:

Risk Management

•  Conducting operations and internal compliance audits

•  Conducting regular maintenance checks and inspections 

 on equipment and facilities

•  Identifying and mitigating hazards that customers 

 may encounter

Staff Readiness

• Training employees to handle Automated External 

 Defibrillators

• Training employees to handle reported cases of 

 infectious diseases and render medical assistance for 

 minor injuries

•  Enrolling employees who handle food in Food Safety 

 and Hygiene courses

Quality Service

• Accompanying guests to nearby clinics or hospitals 

 where medical assistance is sought

• Ensuring that all guest incidents are recorded and 

 reported to the duty manager

•  Making service recovery and courtesy calls to guests to 

 check on their well-being after an incident

Infrastructure

•  Equipping buildings with closed-circuit televisions

• Programming guest room keys for lift access to 

 designated floors only

Figure 19: Measures taken to ensure the health and safety of hotel guests on-site

STUDENT ACCOMMODATION

To maintain a high level of customer health and safety across 

the Group’s PBSA properties, Far East Orchard works closely 

with its facilities operator to provide a centralised function 

and perform periodic audits for all properties.

At each of the Group’s PBSA properties, there is a health 

and safety committee to manage health and safety matters, 

with guiding policies and SOPs in place. These include:

• Site Security Plan and Policy

• Health and Safety Procedures

• Emergency Response Plan

• Managing Accidents and Near Misses Policy

• Fire Drill and Evacuation Policy

• Incident Management and Escalation Policy

• Illegal Drugs and Alcohol Policy

• Student Guests and Visitors Policy

• Student Welfare and Mental Health Policy

Students are also encouraged to take ownership to ensure 

their own safety. Prior to their arrival, they are required to 

complete an online safety induction exercise. A Student 

Handbook which includes a section on safety information 

is issued to all students. During the year, students are 

also kept abreast of health and safety matters via email 

newsletters and notice boards in the properties.

A well-being strategy is also in place to monitor and 

engage students, aimed at helping them adjust to the 

student accommodation property and university life.

In FY2020, there were no fines for safety breaches, and safety processes were improved to complement 

and unify safety culture across business divisions.

FY2021 Targets

Key Initiatives to be Continued/ Implemented

No fines for 

safety breaches

• Adopt best practices in the industry

• Encourage a strong internal culture of sharing or reporting of any potential safety breaches or 

  unsafe work practices observed within the hotel premises or at construction sites

• Introduce an internal “stop-work” initiative until a rectification or remediation plan is in place 

  to address the unsafe practice

• Update existing feedback channels to seek specific inputs on health and safety at hotel 

  premises or at construction sites

• Maintain regular engagement and contact with local health and safety regulatory agencies to 

  obtain updates on regulatory changes

• Conduct management walkabouts to provide an additional perspective and uncover 

  “blind spots” with regard to potential hazards within the hotel premises or at construction sites

Improve safety 

processes and 

inculcate a strong 

safety-first culture 

across businesses

• Increase employee training for customer health and safety matters

• Conduct management walkabouts to provide an additional perspective and uncover 

  “blind spots” with regard to potential hazards within the hotel premises or at construction sites

PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT

Upholding its commitment to ensure the health and safety 

of occupants in properties developed by the Group, 

Far East Orchard chooses to work with contractors and 

suppliers that have health and safety-related accreditations 

in the various operating jurisdictions.

The Group only works with companies that voluntarily 

register with the Considerate Constructors Scheme and 

agree to abide by the Code of Considerate Practice. 

These are guidelines that are designed to encourage best 

practice beyond statutory requirements. For its overseas 

developments, Far East Orchard works with relevant 

partners to comply with occupational health and safety 

management systems such as the OHSAS 18001.

In addition, all site safety matters during the development 

are monitored closely and regularly through site meetings 

and daily briefing sessions.


  Sustainability Report 2020   |   32

 31  |  Sustainability Report 2020  

SERVICE AWARDS AND ACCOLADES

Far East Orchard strives to consistently deliver quality 

service. The Group has continued to take pride in receiving 

prestigious local and global awards and accolades for its 

properties. In 2020, over 300 accolades were presented 

to Far East Hospitality’s employees, hotels and serviced 

residences. Due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, 

several awards were not given out this year. A list of key 

awards won during the year is presented in Figure 23.

Awards

Description

Excellent Service Award 2020 by SHA

• 18 Outstanding Star Winners

• 94 Star Winners

• 70 Gold Winners

• 146 Silver Winners

To recognise individuals who have gone beyond the 

call of duty in delivering exceptional service and creating 

memorable experiences for guests

Tally Press

Top 10 Boutique Hotels in Singapore, 1st

To highlight unique boutique hotels in Singapore 

recommended for travellers who are looking for a change in 

hotel stays

FIABCI Singapore Property Awards 2020

• Hotel Category (Awarded to 2 properties)

• Heritage Category (Awarded to 1 property)

To recognise quality properties in Singapore that are eligible 

to compete in the prestigious international real estate 

competition FIABCI World Prix d’Excellence Awards 2020

Singapore Good Design Awards (SG Mark) 2020

Interior Design Category (Awarded to 1 property)

To acknowledge innovative and exceptional designs that 

spur the imagination and enhance day-to-day lives

Travel Weekly Asia 2020 Readers’ Choice Awards

Best New Hotel, Asia Pacific

To recognise travel suppliers that have displayed resilience, 

innovation, and endurance during these unprecedented times

HRM Asia Readers’ Choice Awards 2020

• Best Serviced Residence Property, Gold

• Best Serviced Residence Property, Silver

To recognise vital partners to the HR profession and industry 

in the region

Hotels.com Loved by Guests Awards 2020

Most Wanted Awards (Awarded to 6 properties)

To recognise individuals, organisations and leaders that have 

achieved excellence in giving to the community

Hotels.com Loved by Guests Awards 2020

• Top 25 Hotels for Service, 6th &amp; 8th 

• Top 25 Hotels – Singapore, 8th and 11th

• Travellers’ Choice Awards 

  (Awarded to 15 properties)

To recognise the best tourism establishments in terms of 

service, quality, customer satisfaction and more, across a range 

of categories, based on millions of reviews and opinions from 

travellers from around the world

Figure 20: Key hospitality awards received by Singapore hospitality operations in FY2020

Peace, Justice &amp; Strong Institutions

Far East Orchard respects the environment and society that it 

works closely together with, and strives to be environmentally 

responsible and conscious in its operations, incorporating 

sustainability in its core values.



GRI-307-1

Non-compliance 

with environmental 

laws and regulations

TAKING OWNERSHIP OF OUR FOOTPRINT

Across 

Far 

East 

Orchard’s 

various 

business 

units, 

environmental compliance has a significant impact on the 

environment due to the choice of materials used on site. 

Therefore, the Group adopts best-in-class practices, and 

works together with its partners during the procurement 

process, to ensure that sustainability objectives are met.

The Group takes a firm approach in complying with 

regulatory requirements and conducts regular reviews on 

its business and practices to ensure any non-compliant 

matters are swiftly addressed. An internal reporting 

procedure has been established, to quickly identify and 

rectify any potential issues.

In Singapore, the development of Woods Square, an 

integrated office development jointly developed with Far 

East Organization and Sekisui House, Ltd, was completed in 

February 2020. This development incorporated numerous 

green features, as listed in the table below, and received 

the Building and Construction Authority’s Green Mark 

Gold Plus Certification.

In the UK, all development work at the ongoing 

Westminster Fire Station project complies to BREEAM 

standards.

Apart from collaborating with environmental agencies, a 

dedicated HSE personnel, will be undertaking annual 

reviews of operational risks through the Asbestos 

Management Plan or the Legionella Risk Assessment to 

ensure that building-related environmental compliance is 

adequately addressed. Environmental policies have been 

gradually rolled out within the Group to create a process 

for monitoring efforts and eliminating environmental risk.

To ensure that environmental issues are addressed, the 

Group enforced the following measures for its development 

and student accommodation properties:

Environmental Stewardship

Woods Square

Westminster Fire Station

PBSA properties

• Obtained Building and Construction 

  Authority Green Mark Gold Plus 

  Certification

• Use of sustainable materials and 

  environmentally friendly products 

  certified under the Singapore 

  Green Labelling Scheme during the 

  construction process and final 

  material finishes

• Installation of solar photovoltaic 

  modules to harvest energy for the 

  site office

• Use of solar powered lightings for 

  the guardhouses

Ongoing Initiatives

• Designed to achieve a “Very Good” 

  to “Excellent” Building Research 

  Establishment Environmental 

  Assessment Method (“BREEAM”) 

  rating

• Collaboration with suppliers and 

  manufacturers with environmentally 

  friendly certifications, including:

  o Forest Stewardship Council 

  o Programme for the Endorsement 

     of Forest Certification

  o Water Regulations Advisory 

     Scheme

  o ISO 14000 and 9000 and energy 

     efficient appliances

• Compliance with the 2013 Building 

  Regulations Approved Document 

  L2A: Conservation of Fuel and Power 

  in New Buildings other than 

  Dwellings, including a 10% overall 

  energy reduction

• Installation of combined heat and 

  power units

• Installation of LED lighting

• Adherence to a Waste Management 

  and Recycling Policy


  Sustainability Report 2020   |   34

 33  |  Sustainability Report 2020  

Woods Square

Westminster Fire Station

PBSA properties

• Incorporation of programmable timer 

  controls for lighting in common areas 

  and energy-saving light fittings

• Installation of energy-saving lift 

  system with an in-built sleep function 

  that is activated when the system is 

  not in use for a period of time

• Installation of water fittings that are 

  certified under the Water Efficiency 

  Labelling Scheme

• Fit out of toilets with light motion 

  sensors and sensor taps

• Provision of recycling bins to 

  encourage tenants and end users to 

  recycle

• Encourage tenants and owners to 

  use environmentally friendly materials 

   for renovation and interior fitting 

   out works and adopt energy-saving 

   initiatives in their daily operations

• Provision of adequate bicycle 

  parking lots to encourage cycling

• Introduction of sustainable 

   biodiverse landscaping in the 

   courtyard

• Installation of photovoltaic panels 

  on the roof 

Planned Initiatives for the Future

• Record energy consumption via the 

  Building Management System. 

  Data may be reviewed and used to 

  promote energy reduction initiatives

• Use of energy efficient systems 

  including low energy lighting 

  controlled by photocells and time 

  clocks and light wells

• Use of a central boiler plant for 

  heating to reduce gas consumption 

  instead of individual apartment 

  boilers

• Provision of a complimentary 

  25-year membership of car club and 

  bicycle storage facilities to minimise 

  private car ownership and encourage 

  cycling

• The in-scope PBSA properties have 

  achieved the following ratings: 

  o BREEAM ratings

     • Excellent: 2 properties

     • Very Good: 4 properties

  o Energy Performance Certificates 

    ratings:

     • B: 2 properties

     • C: 1 property 

We will work towards improving the 

ratings of the properties.

FY2021 Target

Key Initiatives to be Continued/ Implemented

No significant fines and 

non-monetary

• Implement standardised reviews for environmental impact assessments.

In FY2020, there were no fines and non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with environmental laws 

and/or regulations.

ENVIRONMENTAL ACCOLADES

The Group is dedicated in ensuring that its hospitality 

properties 

under 

management 

are 

developed 

and 

maintained to be as environmentally conscious as possible. 

In reducing the environmental impacts of operations, 

selected properties have achieved the following accolades 

from the Building and Construction Authority (BCA):

Property

Certification

Village Hotel Albert Court

Green Mark Platinum

Rendezvous Hotel Singapore

Green Mark Gold

Village Hotel Changi

Green Mark Certified

The Elizabeth Hotel

To be Green Mark Certified in 2021

Village Hotel Bugis

Oasia Novena Hotel

Oasia Hotel Downtown

Village Hotel Sentosa

To be Green Mark Gold Certified in 2021

The Outpost Hotel Sentosa

The Barracks Hotel Sentosa

Aside from the BCA Green Mark Scheme, Far East 

Orchard’s hospitality properties in Singapore have also 

achieved the basic and intermediate ranking for the STB 

(Singapore Tourism Board) Certification for Sustainability 

in the MICE industry. This certification recognises the 

Group’s efforts in improving sustainability and reducing 

footprint in MICE operations.

In the UK, the Hollingbury House in Brighton achieved 

a score of 75.8% (Excellent) on its BREEAM New 

Construction 2011 Certification in 2020 as a Multi-

Residential Accommodation. The certification recognizes 

the property’s high standards in transport provided, 

efficient land use and ecology, energy efficiency and low 

levels of pollution amongst other environmental aspects in 

its assessment.

Far East Orchard aims to maintain its environmental 

standards, and continuously reviews its internal policies 

and intiatives to seek areas for further improvement.


  Sustainability Report 2020   |   36

 35  |  Sustainability Report 2020  

ACHIEVING RESOURCE EFFICIENCY

In the Group’s efforts in maintaining for its hospitality 

properties in Singapore to be high performing with 

minimal environmental footprint, it ensures that energy 

and water consumption are well managed and monitored 

through various initiatives.

Air-ConditioninG and 

Mechanical Ventilation

• Increase set point (Chiller, FCU, AHU)

• Switch off AC in vacant rooms

• Migrate to energy efficient FCU 

when replacing

Aside from the properties that are Green Mark certified 

for efficiency and innovation in design and management, 

the Group also places ample focus to ensure the same 

standard is maintained across all properties.

Far East Orchard believes that eco-efficiency not only 

minimises its operational footprint but also brings about 

cost savings, and thus has been gradually working towards 

attaining more relevant accolades and certifications.

The Group will continue to explore ways to reduce its 

energy and water consumption across its properties.

Figure 21: Energy and water saving initiatives

53,589,523 kWh

ENERGY CONSUMPTION

172 kWh/sq m

ENERGY INTENSITY

731,321 m3

WATER CONSUMPTION

2.34 m3/sq m

WATER INTENSITY

Figure 22: Resource consumption for 2020 across all Singapore properties in comparison with past years

2019: 162 kWh/sq m

2018: 167 kWh/sq m

2019: 2.37 m3/sq m

2018: 2.26 m3/sq m

CARING FOR THE ENVIRONMENT

Far East Orchard believes that taking care of its 

environment also contributes to the long-term success of 

its business. Within its properties, initiatives that promote 

eco-friendliness have been rolled out in 2020, engaging 

not only the Group’s employees, but also guests. Across 

the Group’s hospitality properties and at the corporate 

office, three focus areas have been identified and have 

measures in place to ensure progress in improving on-

property sustainability:

Removal Of Plastic 

Water Bottles From 

Hotel Rooms

Eco-Friendly 

Cleaning Chemicals

Bio-Degradable or 

Plant-Based 

Cups, Straws &amp; 

Containers

PROVIDING ENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY 

GUEST STAYS

The Group has implemented sustainable practices in 

its hospitality operations. Initiatives aligned to the 3Rs 

(Reduce, Reuse, Recycle) have also been launched to 

promote more environmentally friendly practices in guest 

rooms and other facilities on property. 

This includes the digitalisation of processes to reduce the 

usage of paper, as well as providing amenities only upon 

request. To reduce the overall waste generated, recycling 

initiatives are also in place to ensure that supplies such as 

soap recycling, whereas waste separation is done with care 

to facilitate recycling.

Reduce

Reuse

Recycle

Digitalising processes

• Digital confirmation letters

• Digital check-in/checkout

• Digital signages

• QR codes for hotel collaterals 

  and information

• Virtual gym with Les Mills

Bring Your Own

• Guests are encouraged to use their 

  own bottles, straws, bags and cutlery

• Special Oasia Green Kit available 

  for purchase

• Infused water provided at guest 

   corridors and the gym

Recycling initiatives

• Bin separators in guest rooms 

  and public areas

• Participation in soap recycling 

  programme

Opt-in services

• Amenities (e.g. notepads and 

  bedroom slippers) provided only 

  on request

• Linen change programme

• Opt-in housekeeping

Using environmentally friendly alternatives

• Biodegradable amenities: tea bags, coffee capsules, shower amenities

• Reusable amenities: laundry bags

• Recycled amenities: notepads, pens 

 

Figure 23: Initiatives in enhancing sustainability in dining options

LIGHTING

• Conversion to LED

• Implementation of 

 

motion sensor lighting

LIFTS/ 

ESCALATORS

• Switch off 20-50% of lifts 

and escalators at night

• Adjust calling 

sequence of lifts

PLUMPING &amp; 

SANITARY

• Water efficient 

fittings (restrictions/ 

sensor flow)

HEAT PUMP/ 

WATER HEATER

• Reduce set point 

(Heat Pump)

• Switch off water 

heaters in vacant 

rooms

BUILDING 

EXHAUST FANS 

/EXTRACTION

• Time sensors 

implemented to 

reduce 

energy usage


  Sustainability Report 2020   |   38

 37  |  Sustainability Report 2020  

PARTNERSHIPS FOR SUSTAINABLE DINING

Dining is an important part of a hotel stay for guests at Far 

East Orchard’s hospitality properties. To ensure that the 

Group’s hotels can provide more engaging and sustainable 

stays for guests, it has partnered with local social 

enterprises and green businesses such as Edible Garden 

City and Green Nudge to enhance the dining experience 

provided. The Group works together with these green 

partners to provide green menu options, to cut out at-risk 

seafood from its menus, and to ensure that hotels use food 

from local and sustainable sources.

Through these initiatives, the Group aims to enhance 

current operations to be more targeted towards reducing 

its environmental footprint while letting its guests 

understand the importance behind these efforts.

Reduce

Reuse

Recycle

Digitalising processes

• eMenu and receipts provided 

  through QR codes

Using biodegradables

• Straws, takeaway containers, paper 

  bags provided in dining areas

Food waste composting

• Food waste is separated and 

  repurposed as fertilisers for 

  Edible Garden

Reducing over-ordering

• No self-serving for breakfast

Hosting sustainable meetings and weddings

Amenities

• No single-serve amenities (e.g. sauces, sugar, creamer)

• Opt-in meeting amenities (e.g. notepads, pens)

• Digital e-invites and signages

• Menu is provided through QR codes 

 

Eating responsibly

• Properties do not serve shark’s fin, 

  bluefin tuna and soft-shell crabs

• Food supplies are sustainably 

  sourced

• Plant-based menu options are 

  provided in collaboration with 

  Edible Garden

Food

• Locally produced teabags and coffee beans are used

• Mint, nuts and local vegetable chips are provided in collaboration with 

  the Green Initiative for Green Nudge and Garden City

• Impossible Meat and healthier food options provided in menu

• Succulent plants are recommended as sustainable wedding favours

• Flower re-wrapping station provided for guests to bring home 

 

Figure 24: Initiatives in enhancing sustainability in dining options

GRI Standards 2016

Disclosure Title

Page Reference &amp; Remarks

GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016

Organisational Profile

102-1

Name of the organisation

Pg 2

102-2

Activities, brands, products and services

Pg 3

102-3

Location of headquarters

Pg 3

102-4

Location of operations

Pg 3

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Pg 3

102-6

Markets served

Pg 3

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Pg 17

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Pg 17

102-9

Supply chain

Pg 8

102-10

Significant changes to organisation and its supply chain

Not applicable

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

2020 Annual Report: Pg 47-51

102-12

External initiatives

Pg 8

102-13

Membership of associations

Pg 24

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Pg 5

Ethics and Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour

Pg 8

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

Pg 9

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Pg 11

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Pg 17

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Pg 11

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Pg 11

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Pg 12

Reporting Practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

2020 Annual Report: Pg 157

102-46

Defining report content and topic Boundaries

pg 2, 12

102-47

List of material topics

Pg 12

102-48

Restatements of information

Not applicable

102-49

Changes in reporting

Not applicable

102-50

Reporting period

Pg 2

102-51

Date of most recent report

18 March 2020 – 

Far East Orchard 

Sustainability Report 2020

102-52

Reporting cycle

Pg 2

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

Pg 2

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

Pg 2

102-55

GRI content index

Pg 38

102-56

External assurance

Pg 2

GRI Content Index


 39  |  Sustainability Report 2020  

GRI Standards 2016

Disclosure Title

Page Reference &amp; Remarks

GRI 103: Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Economic Performance 

Pg 6, 13 

2020 Annual Report: 

Pg 4 - 7, 10 - 13, 66 - 157

Anti-competitive Behaviour 

Pg 13 - 14

Environmental Compliance 

Pg 32 - 33

Occupational Health and Safety 

Pg 21 - 24

Training and Education 

Pg 18 - 20

Customer Health and Safety 

Pg 29 - 30

Service Quality 

pg 27 - 28, 31

Customer Privacy 

pg 25 - 26

Corporate Governance 

pg 15 - 16

103-2

The management approach and its components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Material Topics

Economic Performance

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

Pg 6, 13 

2020 Annual Report: 

Pg 4 - 7, 10 - 13, 66 - 157

Anti-Competitive Behaviour

206-1

Legal actions for anti-competitive behaviour, anti-trust,

and monopoly practices

Pg 14

Environmental Compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations

Pg 32

Occupational Health and Safety

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, 

lost days, and absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities

Pg 21

Training and Education

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

Pg 18

404-3

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance 

and career development reviews

Pg 20

Customer Health and Safety

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and 

safety impacts of products and services

Pg 30

Customer Privacy

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses of customer data

Pg 26

