


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

FEDERAL INTERNATIONAL (2000) LTD




Federal International (2000) Ltd

REPORT PROFILE

This report summarises our approach and practices towards Sustainability and represents 

our belief that Sustainability is an important aspect of our business.

Reporting Period

:

1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017

Reporting Cycle

:

Annually based on Federal's financial year

Feedback

:

We welcome valuable feedback from all stakeholders. 

 

        Please send your feedback or suggestions to:

            sustainability@fedsin.com.sg


TABLE 

CONTENTS

of

Message from the CEO

About Our Company

Sustainability Committee

Materiality Assessment

Stakeholder Engagement

Governance

Environment

1

2

4

6

12

14

17

Economic

19

Social

21

GRI Content Index

26




M ESSAGE

CEO

from the

1

KOH KIAN KIONG

EXECUTIVE CHAIRM AN AND CEO

FEDERAL INTERNATIONAL (2000) LTD

At Federal, we take a much broader view of sustainability 

than economic, environmental and social ecosystem. We 

want to add meaningful benefits to our business and 

stakeholders. We are happy to share that this year, we have 

set up the Sustainability Committee who plays the role in 

championing Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) within 

the Group and to steer our sustainability efforts and goals 

towards 

enhancing 

product 

quality, 

reducing 

our 

environmental footprint, and creating safe and healthy 

working environment.

Sustainability to us is all about Federal?s ongoing and 

independent ability to meet the needs of society and the 

expectations of all our stakeholders. We strive to create 

shared value with our stakeholders to enhance and 

integrate sustainability into our business models.

This report is a stamp of our commitment towards the 

Federal Sustainability Vision.

ALIGNING ECONOMIC SUCCESS WITH OUR ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES.

A SUSTAINABLE FUTURE


Established in 1974 as a hardware trading business, Federal International (2000) Ltd (?Federal?) 

is a Singapore-listed international company with a global presence in Asia including Indonesia, 

People's Republic of China and Singapore, the United Kingdom and the UAE. We are a leading 

procurement specialist and stockist for the oil and gas industry. Besides being an agency for 

leading manufacturers, we also manufacture our own brand of flowline control products. Our 

network of offices empowers us with strong local knowledge and enables us to network with 

customers and suppliers who are located in different regions. Our key customers include major 

companies from various industries such as oil, offshore and marine, and transport and 

logistics. 

The Group?s main trading business contributes 98% of total turnover in FY 2017. With a belief 

that forming strategic partnerships promotes sustainable growth of the Group, we actively seek 

potential partnerships with key industry players.  

MARINE LOGISTICS 

Our marine segment is involved in the design, build, refurbishment and conversion of vessels 

for the oil &amp; gas industry. We have chartered our Federal II, a floating, storage and offloading 

(FSO) vessel, to the China National Offshore Oil Corporation.

RESOURCES

We own a 1,200 HP American built land drilling rig which has been chartered out and the charter 

is expected to commence from second half of 2018.  

ABOUT

COM PANY

our

OUR BUSINESS SEGMENTS

TRADING

We supply flowline control products and distribution of oilfield drilling equipment for use on 

onshore and offshore rigs and drilling platforms, provision of complete fire protection and 

detection systems, as well as electrical products for the marine, oil and gas and petrochemical  

industries.  Also, we are an agency for leading brands. 

MANUFACTURING/DESIGN/RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

We have a design and manufacturing facility located in Scotland, the United Kingdom. The 

facilities are American Petroleum Institute (API) Spec Q1, Spec 6D, ISO 9001:2015 and Pressure 

Equipment Directive 97/23/EC (PED) certified.

ENERGY AND UTILITIES 

The Group also operates an industrial waterplant located in Chengdu, China, under a 30-year 

Build, Operate and Transfer (BOT) agreement with the Xinjin County government till Apr 2039.

CORPORATE AND OTHERS 

Involving Group level corporate services and treasury functions and operating and maintenance 

of oil and gas facility services 


SOCIETY

ECONOMIC GROWTH

ENVIRONMENT

Sustainability is not part of a separate strategy,  but is instead integrated into our overall corporate 

strategy. 

At Federal, our Sustainability Vision is to align our economic success with environmental and social 

responsibilities.

OUR OBJECTIVES

Guided by our sustainability commitments, our objectives are to:

-

Place our clients at the centre of everything we do

-

Protect and save our environment

-

Manage our risk to safeguard our economic sustainability

-

Be a responsible member of society

-

Be an employer of choice

-

Comply with applicable legal requirements and regulations

3

SOCIETY

ECONOMIC GROWTH

ENVIRONMENT

ABOUT

VISION

our




SUSTAINABILITY

COM M ITTEE

our

4

The Corporate Sustainability Agenda is driven by our Sustainability Committee formed this year and 

is headed by our Executive Director , Ms Maggie Koh. The Committee consists of Department Heads 

and middle management team from Human Resources, Sales &amp; Project, QA/QC and Logistics 

departments. The Sustainability Committee meets at least once a year to review the progress of our 

sustainability program. 










5

2017 YEAR IN REVIEW  

15 employees were 

awarded long service award 

0 man days lost to 

workplace accidents

0 reported accident at our 

work sites and office premises 






MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

We have performed materiality analysis to identify sustainability issues that are of importance to our 

business and stakeholders. This assessment helps us bring focus to key areas that we seek to improve on as 

we make progress in achieving the long-term sustainability of our business.  

The materiality review  is referenced  to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) guidelines and we have 

prioritised our topics using a materiality matrix. 

Our Sustainability Committee 

identified 

the 

material 

aspects that are important to 

our 

business 

and 

stakeholders. 

Inputs 

from 

stakeholders 

and 

independent 

sustainability 

consultant were considered.

The material aspects are 

evaluated against 2 criteria: 

importance to stakeholders 

and importance to Federal (in 

terms of the significance of 

its impact on governance, 

economic, 

environment, 

social).

These are then validated and 

approved 

by 

the 

Sustainability 

Committee 

headed by our Executive 

Director.

Methodology

Our review focuses on 4 key aspects with 10 identified material topics. For each material topic, we report on 

the relevance of it to our business and stakeholders, and the measures in place to address it. 

Our  Material Aspects 

ECONOMIC

a) Economic Performance 

SOCIAL

a) Labour Practices and Work Environment 

b) Product Responsibilities 

GOVERNANCE 

a) Corporate Governance 

b) Ethics and Integrity

c) Risk Management 

ENVIRONMENT 

a) Resource and Waste Management 

b) Energy Efficiency 

c) Water Conservation 

d) Environmental Compliance 

6


7

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

(a) Corporat e 

Governance

Apart from maintaining business 

profitability, 

we 

understand 

that 

stakeholders are also concerned with 

the sustainability of our returns.  

Establishing a strong foundation for 

good 

corporate 

governance 

is 

fundamental 

in 

addressing 

stakeholders' 

concerns 

over 

the 

sustainability 

of 

the 

Company's 

future. 

We seek to uphold the highest 

standard 

of 

corporate 

governance and comply with all 

regulatory requirements.

We 

maintain 

various 

communication 

channels 

to 

provide 

timely 

updates 

and 

collect 

feedback 

from 

our 

stakeholders. 

(1) GOVERNANCE

(b) Et hics and Int egrit y

We believe that upholding our 

reputation 

and 

fostering 

stakeholders' trust in our business is 

fundamental to our growth as a 

company. 

Therefore, 

we 

are 

committed to building a positive 

corporate image through exemplary  

business ethics and integrity.

We uphold good business ethics 

and integrity within the Group. 

This applies to all employees, 

including those who are located in 

foreign jurisdictions. Our Code of 

Ethics provide guidance to our 

employees and is made available 

to all employees. Employees are 

constantly 

reminded 

to 

make 

disclosures 

in 

the 

event 

of 

conflicted duties or interests.

Our accessible and independent 

whistleblowing channels, including 

direct 

contacts 

of 

the 

Audit 

Committee Chairman, allow our 

employees 

to 

report 

any 

suspected wrongdoings without 

reprisal.

(c) Risk Management

The constant flux of the business 

environment has fuelled a heighten 

need for organisations to identify, 

measure, prioritise and respond to 

the risks that threaten business 

objectives and operations.

At 

our 

organisation, 

we 

are 

prudent 

in 

managing 

our 

risk-reward 

relationship. 

We 

recognise the need to perform an 

enterprise risk assessment and 

update our risk register.

TOPIC

RELEVANCE

APPROACH


(a) Resource and 

Wast e 

Management

Unsustainable rate of waste output has 

resulted in land scarcity for waste 

disposal and cost pressures due to 

resource scarcity. 

Furthermore, the increasing cost of waste 

treatment and resources will have a 

significant impact on the long-term 

viability of our business. Therefore, it is 

vital that we have a proper waste and 

resource management programme in 

place to reduce waste output and 

improve our resource efficiency. 

 

We aim to reduce resource wastage 

in our business operations and 

actively promote ? Reduce, Reuse, 

and Recycle ? to our employees. We 

have established waste recycling 

programme in our Singapore office.  

For our overseas manufacturing 

sites 

and 

plants, 

we 

have 

outsourced the waste management 

to third-party vendors to oversee 

that all waste is properly treated 

and disposed. 

8

(2) ENVIRONMENT

(b) Energy 

Efficiency

We understand that there has been a 

growing concern amongst stakeholders 

over 

carbon 

emission 

and 

global 

warming. The reduction of energy usage 

and improving energy efficiency on our 

part will help to reduce carbon emission 

and address environment sustainability 

concerns. 

We also recognise that investing in 

energy conservation not only reduces 

our carbon footprint but also makes 

business 

sense 

in 

cost 

savings. 

Therefore, we are committed to taking 

measures in minimising our overall 

energy 

consumption 

and 

improving 

energy efficiency.

We have retrofitted fluorescent 

bulbs with more energy efficient 

LED lightings at our offices and 

warehouse. For certain facilities at 

our offices and warehouse, we 

have also replaced the lights with 

motion-activated 

lightings 

to 

reduce energy consumption when 

the facility is not in use.  

Furthermore, we have also sought 

to 

consolidate 

our 

point 

of 

operations to reduce unnecessary 

wastage of energy and resources. 

TOPIC

RELEVANCE

APPROACH


(c) Wat er 

Conservat ion

In recent years, with growing population 

and business activities, the demand for 

water supply has increased significantly.  

Furthermore, certain operations of our 

business 

may 

contribute 

to 

water 

degradation 

and 

the 

improper 

management of such wastewater may 

result in pollution. As such, ensuring the 

sustainability of our water usage has 

become a priority for us and our 

stakeholders.

In our offices and warehouse, we 

have installed water saving kits to 

reduce water consumption. 

Our active tracking of water 

consumption 

also 

provides 

information to our Management 

to manage water usage. 

For our industrial water plant, we 

seek 

to 

comply 

with 

all 

environmental regulations of the 

jurisdiction 

that 

our 

plant 

operates in. Wastewater sludge 

are properly processed before 

discharge. Regular water testing 

are performed to ensure that the 

contaminations of water sources 

are under control.

(d) Environment al 

Compliance

We recognise that successful businesses 

establish a strong belief in corporate 

citizenship, showing commitment to ethical 

behaviour by striking a balance between 

the needs of various group of stakeholders 

and the environment.  Therefore, we are 

committed to ensure that we are compliant 

with regulations in the various jurisdictions 

we operate in.

We have established various 

committees, such as the ISO 

Committee, to ensure that we 

comply 

with 

environmental 

regulations and requirements in 

the 

various 

jurisdictions 

we 

operate in.

9

(a) Economic 

Performance

Business productivity and efficiency are 

key in ensuring the longevity of our 

growth and success. Therefore, through 

constant innovation, developments and 

ventures, we seek to generate the 

greatest return for our stakeholders.

We are constantly looking for 

opportunities 

and 

ways 

to 

improve our business processes. 

As part of a business value chain, 

our business activities provides 

direct 

and 

indirect 

economic 

benefits 

and 

growth 

to 

the 

jurisdictions and communities we 

operate in. 

(3) ECONOMIC

TOPIC

RELEVANCE

APPROACH


Satisfied 

and 

motivated 

employees 

translate 

to 

better 

workplace performance, greater 

productivity and better quality of 

outputs. Therefore, we seek to 

provide 

our 

people 

with 

a 

conducive 

and 

safe 

work 

environment to ensure that our 

business remain productive.

We 

are 

committed 

to 

providing 

opportunities 

for 

compensation, 

promotion 

and 

training 

on 

a 

meritocratic basis. 

We have in place an open annual 

performance appraisal system where we 

work together with our employees to 

identify knowledge gaps and address 

training needs.

We perform monthly safety inspections 

on all premises to identify safety 

hazards and implement rectification 

actions. 

We have also established a set of safe 

work 

procedures 

to 

guide 

our 

employees on work safety practices.

(b) Product  

Responsibilit ies

(i) Customer Health 

&amp; Safety

(ii) Customer 

Satisfaction

(iii) Product 

Compliance

We believe that product quality 

and 

integrity 

forms 

the 

foundation of the reputation and 

trust that we seek to earn in the 

markets that we operate in.

Product safety and reliability are 

of paramount importance to our 

customers who operate in the oil 

and 

gas 

industry 

where 

occupational health and safety 

are of their top priority. We  seek 

to develop and deliver quality 

products that are compliant with 

the highest standards of product 

certification. 

We have obtained several product 

accreditations for our in-house brand, 

KVC (UK), to assure customers of our 

product?s 

reliability 

and 

safety. 

Furthermore, we perform stringent 

quality control inspections of materials 

and products sourced from third-party 

vendors.  

Customer 

feedback 

channels 

are 

available for our customers to provide 

feedbacks. We treat all feedbacks from 

customers as an opportunity to learn 

more about our customers' needs and 

to improve our products and services. 

10

TOPIC

RELEVANCE

APPROACH

(a) Labour 

Pract ices and 

Work 

Environment

(i) Employment

(ii) Benefits &amp; 

Welfare

(iii) Occupational 

Health &amp; Safety

(iv) Training &amp; 

Development

(v) Diversity &amp; 

Equality

(4) SOCIAL






The following chart shows our materiality matrix, which ranks the above material topics in accordance to their 

importance to stakeholders and relevance to Federal (in terms of the significance of its impact on 

governance, economic, environment, social):

Materiality Matrix

High

Low

Low

High

Governance

Environment

Economic

Social - Labour 

Pract ices and 

Work 

Social - Product  

Responsibilit ies

1. Corporate 

Governance

2. Ethics &amp; 

Integrity

3. Risk 

Management

4. Resource &amp; 

Waste 

Management

5. Energy 

Efficiency

6. Water 

Conservation

7. Environmental 

Compliance

8. Economic 

Performance

9. Employment 

10. Benefits &amp; 

Welfare

11. Occupational 

Health &amp; Safety

12. Training &amp; 

Development

13. Diversity &amp; 

Equality

14. Customer 

Safety

15. Customer 

Satisfaction

16. Product 

Compliance

11




STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Long-term engagement with our stakeholders through multiple platforms offers important inputs that guide 

our decision-making process and assist us in achieving our sustainability commitments.  

Our key stakeholders include our employees, customers, vendors, regulators, investors and the community. We 

actively engage and consult our key stakeholders as we find it effective for our understanding of their concerns 

and priorities. Moreover, we recognise the value of close collaboration with our key stakeholders, which is 

critical to our business and sustainability reporting initiatives.  

The following table summarises the concerns and prioritise our stakeholders have which we incorporate into 

our sustainability commitments: 

STAKEHOLDERS

ENGAGEMENT

FEEDBACK

(1) Employees 

We are committed to providing fair and 

equal 

opportunities 

to 

all 

of 

our 

employees, and create a safe and 

cohesive working environment.

-

Feedback/ Suggestion box 

-

Code of Conduct 

-

Policies and procedures 

-

Annual performance appraisals 

-

Recreation and social activities 

-

Training 

-

Job security 

-

Employee 

safety 

and 

welfare 

-

Staff 

training 

and 

development 

opportunities 

-

Remuneration 

and 

benefits 

-

Work-life balance 

-

Fair 

and 

competitive 

employment practices 

(2) Cust omers

We aim to provide consistent quality 

products and services at competitive 

prices to ensure customer satisfaction.

-

Annual 

customer 

satisfaction 

survey 

-

Project milestone meetings 

-

Timely 

delivery 

of 

products and services 

-

Quality and reliability of 

products and services 

-

Competitive pricing 

12


(5) Invest ors

We 

strive 

to 

generate 

sustainable 

long-term 

returns 

on 

investment. 

Furthermore, we adhere to timely and 

transparent dissemination of accurate 

and relevant information to the market. 

-

Annual extraordinary/ General 

meetings 

-

Quarterly financial results 

-

SGX announcements, media 

releases and interviews 

-

Annual report 

-

Annual sustainability report 

-

Company official website 

-

Business 

strategy 

and 

outlook 

-

Risk management 

-

Corporate governance 

-

Sustainability 

performance 

and 

reporting standards 

-

Timely 

and 

transparent 

reporting 

STAKEHOLDERS

ENGAGEMENT

FEEDBACK

(4) Regulat ors

We strictly comply with the relevant laws 

and regulations. 

-

Annual sustainability report 

-

Meetings and regular reporting  

-

Compliance with laws and 

regulations 

-

Safe working environment 

(6) Communit y

We aim to manage the impacts our 

businesses have on the community, care 

for public health and safety, and support 

initiatives 

of 

the 

local 

community/ 

government.

-

Annual sustainability report 

-

Community outreach initiatives  

-

Corporate 

philanthropy 

and engagement 

-

Advocating 

sustainable 

practices 

(3) Vendors

We  seek to improve the transparency of 

our supply chain to meet industry?s best 

practices. 

-

Annual vendor evaluation 

-

Quality control inspections 

-

Regular 

meetings 

with 

key 

suppliers 

-

Environmental compliance

-

Certification compliance 

13




We recognise that establishing a high standard of corporate governance is fundamental to building trust and 

reputation among our stakeholders. The Board of Directors is committed to ensure alignment of our corporate 

governance framework with the principles and guidelines of the Code of Corporate Governance 2012 issued on 

May 2012 by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS). Our strategy to uphold a high standard of corporate 

governance is underpinned by our commitment to transparency and accountability to stakeholders.

We review our Board's composition annually to ensure an appropriate mix of expertise and experience which 

enables the Management to benefit from the diverse perspective of issues that are brought before the Board. A 

performance evaluation process where the effectiveness of the Board as a whole and Board Committees as a 

whole is carried out annually. The annual evaluation exercise provides an opportunity to obtain constructive 

feedback from each Director on amongst others to propose changes which may be made to enhance the 

performance of the Board and the Board Committees, to provide their views on the functions of the Board and 

Board Committees including its procedures and processes and if any of these may be improved upon.  All 

directors are required to submit themselves for re-nomination and re-election once every three years. The 

Company conducts orientation programmes for newly appointed Directors. Formal letters, which include 

details of the duties, are issued to newly appointed Directors upon their appointment.  

Kindly refer to pages 5 to 8 of the Annual Report for more information on the Board Committees. 

1. GOVERNANCE

OUR APPROACH

(a) Corporat e Governance

(b) Et hics and Int egrit y

We have developed a set of Code of Ethics that provides guidance on the behaviour expected from our 

employees. The underlying principle for our Code of Ethics is that we expect our management and staff to act 

with integrity towards those with whom we have business dealings, to the larger society where we conduct our 

business, and towards each other. All employees are required to acknowledge the requirements of our Code of 

Ethics. The following principles forms the basis for our processes: 

OUR OBJECTIVE

We seek to uphold the highest standard of governance through our commitment to transparency and accountability 

to our stakeholders.

14




(c) Ent erprise Risk Management

The constant flux of the business environment has fuelled a heighten need for organisations to identify, 

measure, prioritise and respond to the risks that threaten business objectives and operations. At our 

organisation, we are prudent in managing our risk-reward relationship. We also recognise the need to carry out 

enterprise risk assessment to ensure that we account for new risks that arise as we continue our foray into 

new business opportunities.

We have zero tolerance towards corruption and fraud. This applies to all employees, including those who are 

located in foreign jurisdictions. During the orientation programme, new hires are made aware of our stance 

against corruption and fraudulent activities. An employee handbook that covers penalties for misconduct and 

fraud, and guides all employees in their everyday conduct is made available to all employees. 

We have a Conflict of Interest Policy that defines situations in which an employee?s personal interests are in 

conflict with his/her responsibility towards the Group. It provides guidance to employees by highlighting 

situations which are viewed to be in conflict with the organisation?s interest and the course of action that they 

should take. All employees are required to make a declaration for any conflicted interest on an annual basis.  

A whistleblowing policy has been in place to help employees who have major concerns over any wrong-doing 

within our Group relating to unlawful conduct, financial malpractice or dangers to our Group, the public or the 

environment. Our accessible and independent whistleblowing channels, including direct contacts of the Audit 

Committee Chairman, allow employees to report any suspected wrongdoings without reprisal. We take any 

harassment or victimisation (including informal pressures) towards the whistleblower seriously, and will take 

appropriate action to protect those who raise a concern in good faith. 

If an investigation is warranted, matters raised may be investigated by the management, internal audit, a 

committee set up by the Board of Directors or through the disciplinary process be referred to the police, be 

referred to the external audit and/or form the subject of an independent inquiry. There are procedures in place 

to ensure that the outcome of the investigation is communicated to the whistleblower.  

We make it our priority to do our utmost in ensuring transparency and accountability to our stakeholders. We 

strive to be forthcoming in the sharing of our developments and operations. Information on our developments 

and operations are communicated on a regular basis to all stakeholders through our announcements, 

quarterly and annual reports, regular analyst briefings, and meetings.  We have actively engaged with 

shareholders and interested parties through media interviews and publications. Investors may also obtain 

timely 

updates 

via 

the 

investor 

relations 

section 

on 

our 

official 

company 

website 

(http://www.federal.com.sg/investor_highlights.html) and can contact us at info@fedsin.com.sg.

15


OUR PERFORMANCE

Through our corporate governance and anti-corruption programmes, we have established a good corporate 

culture within the Group. For the reporting period, there is no incident of employee dismissal or disciplinary 

case for corruption and fraud. There is also no instance where contract with business partners were 

terminated or not renewed due to violations related to corruption. We have also not received any 

whistleblowing reports during the reporting period. 

For the reporting period, we have complied with all listing requirements and legal regulations. There are no 

significant fines or penalties incurred for regulatory non-compliance.

TARGETS &amp; PLANS

We will constantly strive to pursue greater standards of corporate governance and establish a culture of good 

business ethics and integrity within the Group.

We also understand that given the ever changing business landscape, risk monitoring is an ongoing process. 

Hence, we will continue to strengthen our risk assessment framework to identify emerging risks in our 

operations.

16


Federal practises 'reduce, reuse, recycle' whenever we can. As part of our commitment to environmental 

preservation, we have put in concerted efforts to make resource management a part of our operations and 

processes. Being a trading firm, our waste produces are primarily packaging material, office waste and obsolete 

inventory. Over the years we have put in great efforts to reduce our waste output through recycling, reusing 

and reducing.

To reduce office paper usage, we have made a gradual transition into a paper-less system. Instead of sending 

hard-copy documents to customers and suppliers, we have opted for electronic modes of transmission. An 

electronic-filing system is also established for mill certificates which not only reduces the amount of paper 

used, but also makes documentation and information sharing more efficient.

We also constantly encourage our employees to partake in our environment conservation efforts. Recycling 

bins are placed in offices to promote recycling of paper and plastic. Used papers are usually shredded and used 

as packaging material for our products. Pallets and boxes used in packaging are also often reused.

For obsolete inventory and scrap from manufacturing, we have engaged third-party waste management vendor 

to ensure that all waste is properly treated and disposed.

2. ENVIRONM ENT

OUR APPROACH

(a) Resource and Wast e Management

(b) Energy Efficiency

We recognise that investing in energy conservation not only reduces our carbon footprint but also makes 

business sense in cost savings. Therefore, we are committed to taking measures in minimising our overall 

energy consumption and improving energy efficiency to reduce the environmental impact of our operations.

In the conduct of our business activities, the main areas of energy usage are predominantly across our offices 

and warehouse operations.

In 2017, we have retrofitted conventional fluorescent bulbs with more energy efficient LED lightings at our 

warehouse. For certain facilities at our offices and warehouse, we have also replaced the lights with 

motion-activated lightings to reduce energy consumption when the facility is not in use.

Furthermore, we have also sought to consolidate our point of operations to reduce unnecessary wastage of 

energy and resources. All our warehouses across Singapore has been relocated to a single site at our leasehold 

property located in Chin Bee Drive to better utilise space and also reduce energy consumption.

(c) Wat er Conservat ion

Water is a scarce resource and we recognise that businesses play an important role in ensuring the 

sustainability of water resources. Therefore, we have made it our priority to minimise water consumption and 

manage water quality. In our offices and warehouses, we have installed water saving kits to reduce water 

consumption. Furthermore, we constantly remind our employees through posters and emails to adopt good 

practices in water conservation. Given the rising costs of utilities, our water conservation efforts also translate 

to significant cost savings for the Company.

At our industrial water plant in Chengdu, China, we ensure that by-products of the water treatment are 

processed in accordance to local regulatory requirements before disposal. All mud and silts generated from the 

water treatment process is directed to a pool within our facility. We are in the process of building a natural 

OUR OBJECTIVE

We are committed to managing and minimising our ecological footprint across our value chain, which includes our 

business operations, suppliers and customers.

17






We have been closely monitoring our electricity 

usage to ensure the optimal use of electricity in 

our operations. Total energy usage for the year 

is  380,818 kWh for all three office and 

warehouse 

locations 

in 

Singapore. 

The 

reduction 

in 

energy 

usage 

is 

due 

to 

consolidation of warehousing space. 

OUR PERFORMANCE

(a) Energy Efficiency

In the reporting period, we have undergone certification audits and ensured that our processes are aligned 

with international environmental standards, such as the ISO 14001:2008 Environmental Management System. 

There are no fines or penalties for non-compliance with environmental regulations during the period.

Going forward, we will continue to monitor our electricity and water usage. Through our conservation efforts, 

we target to reduce both electricity intensity and water consumption by 2% in the following year. Furthermore, 

we will be looking to monitor our waste output in the upcoming year to better manage our waste and 

resources.

In the upcoming year, our Sustainability Committee will remain vigilant in monitoring our compliance with 

environmental regulations and we target to maintain zero incident of penalties for non-compliance with 

environmental regulations.

TARGETS &amp; PLANS

(d) Environment al Compliance

We are fully committed to comply with all environment-related legal requirements as required by local 

regulatory authorities and other stakeholders. On an annual basis, we undergo certification audits to ensure 

that our processes are in compliance to international certification standards. Furthermore, we have 

established an Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) Committee to oversee compliance to relevant 

environmental requirements and regulations. The committee conducts monthly inspection to ensure that all 

regulatory requirements are satisfied.

dewatering facility to treat the wastewater residue deposited within the pool. The residue from the treatment 

will be applied to soil for conditioning purposes or dumping as fill.

We also have comprehensive water sampling and testing procedures to ensure compliance with regulatory 

standards.

18

(b) Wat er Conservat ion

The total water usage by our Singapore's 

offices and warehouse for the year is 2,576m³. 

We continue to monitor our water usage on 

monthly basis and remind our employees on 

conserving water.   


We adopt a three-pronged approach to achieve sustainable business growth. 

Firstly, we strive to form strategic relationships with both customers and suppliers. Additionally, we 

continuously seek out development and venture opportunities globally to ensure the continued growth of the 

Group's operations. We have a robust framework to identify and evaluate potential acquisitions and ventures. 

All projects will be carefully evaluated by our Directors based on strict criteria and also taking into 

consideration the long-term viability of these projects. 

Secondly, we forge close relationship with bankers and organisations such as Enterprise Singapore to gain 

access to trade credit and funding for our projects.

Lastly, we perform prudent customer evaluation to manage our credit risks. Most of our payments from 

customers are secured through arrangement for oil majors to pay into a bank account whereby Federal is 

mandatory payment signatories.

3. ECONOM IC

OUR APPROACH

(a) Economic Performance

OUR PERFORMANCE

Amidst tough market conditions in the reporting period, we have achieved healthy financial results of S$130 

million total revenue, representing a total revenue growth of 45.3%. The Group is also pleased to report a net 

profit attributable to shareholders of S$4.2 million for FY 2017 with an earnings per share of 3.01 cents.

For more details on our business performance for the reporting period, kindly refer to our Annual Report.

(a) Business Performance

(b) Direct  Economic Impact

Our operations span across different geographical locations globally and provide employment for local 

communities, contracts for local suppliers, and revenue for governments of the jurisdictions that we operate in. 

The nature of our business, which relates primarily to trading, also serves to promote commerce between 

organisations in different countries. 

OUR OBJECTIVE

We seek to create long-term economic value for our stakeholders through the building of a sustainable business 

and brand.

19


Being part of a business value chain, our operations also serve to promote business growth for companies in 

both downstream and upstream of the supply chain. In this report, we would like to highlight our contributions 

to the energy and utilities sector in China.

The Group operates an industrial water plant located in Chengdu, under a Build, Operate and Transfer (BOT) 

agreement with the local government. The plant is able to provide up to 60,000 ton of water to the local 

industries on a daily basis. With our investment into the industrial water plant and support infrastructures, we 

have helped drive the growth of business activities and economy of the region.

Additionally, we have also established a company in Suzhou, China, which undertakes Engineering, 

Procurement and Construction (EPC), and technical consultancy work on industrial waste water and emission 

treatment. We foresee that with the support of local government and growing focus on environmental 

protection efforts, we will be able to assist many local businesses in their compliance with environmental 

regulatory requirements and promoting economic growth in the region.

(c) Indirect  Economic Impact

TARGETS &amp; PLANS

We will continue to remain prudent in the management of our financial position and capital. We recognise that 

our key strength lies in our strong network and relationship with major players in the oil and gas industry. 

Therefore, going forward, we will continue to leverage on our network to secure new projects.

20

S$ '000

FY 2017

FY 2016

Revenue

129,958

89,481

Cost  of Sales

107,785

71,692

Income Tax Expenses

1,447

(182)

Profit  aft er Tax

3,921

7,265

Employee Benefit s Expenses

9,363

9,628

Dividends Declared

2,815

2,111

FINANCIALS


(i) Employment

The long-term sustainability of our business is dependent on our ability to attract and retain talent. We are 

committed to recruiting employees on the basis on merit. 

Opportunities for compensation, promotion and training are provided on a meritocratic basis. Through the 

annual performance appraisal system, our employees are able to receive performance review, address training 

needs and communicate their concerns and needs to their direct supervisors.

Recognising the importance of attracting and retaining talents, Federal ensures that employees are taken care 

of by offering comprehensive remuneration and benefit packages. We constantly review our employee benefits 

so that they remain competitive and adequate.

Furthermore, long service awards are given to employees who have been with us for 5 years. A token of 

appreciation which is in line with the service tenure of the employee, will be given in recognition of their efforts 

and contributions. In 2017, we have awarded 15 employees with the long service award in recognition of their 

years of service and commitment to the Group.

Federal has been actively extending re-employment to employees who have reached the retirement age. The 

compensation package offered are aligned with the new job responsibilities and duties. As specified by the the 

re-employment legislation by the Singapore government, Federal provides a one-off Employee Assistance 

Payment (EAP) to employees who reach the retirement age but are not eligible for re-employment.

Our performance appraisal system allows employees to receive formal feedback about their performance from 

their supervisors. As such, employees are aware of areas for improvement and development to contribute to 

the success of the Company. The performance appraisal provides an opportunity for employees to discuss with 

their supervisors on their responsibilities and set goals and objectives which align to the organisational and 

departmental requirements. The open performance appraisal system helps both employees and their 

supervisors understand their respective expectations, hence increasing employee satisfaction.

(ii) Benefits &amp; Welfare

Federal adopts welfare practices which conforms to the Singapore government?s pro-family legislations. 

Mothers and fathers of children who are Singapore Citizens, are entitled to maternity leave of 16 weeks and 

paternity leave of 2 weeks respectively. For children who are not Singapore Citizens, mothers get to enjoy 12 

weeks of maternity leave. The Company will present a token gift to mothers and fathers during maternity or 

paternity leave respectively. We also provide eligible employees with childcare leave and extended childcare 

leave to manage their commitments in raising a young family.

Federal also provides flexi-time and part-time work arrangement where employees can vary daily start and end 

times to suit their work and personal commitments.

At Federal, we strive to create a positive and healthy work environment for our employees. A Recreation 

Committee (?RC?) is established to promote and organise work-life balance initiatives within the Company.

4. SOCIAL

OUR APPROACH

(a) Labour pract ices &amp; Work Environment

OUR OBJECTIVE

We seek to empower people and be socially responsible in the communities we operate in.

21




(iii) Occupational Health &amp; Safety

Objective: We take pride in our commitment to maintain high level of health and safety standards. 

Approach: The framework for our HSE management is modeled after international standards . We have 

attained certifications such as the ISO14001:2005 and OHSASI8001: 2007. 

Understanding the importance of having a safe work environment, we perform monthly safety inspections on 

all of our premises. Subsequent to the safety inspections, safety meetings are held to follow up on rectification 

actions to eliminate safety hazards identified. Furthermore, we perform periodical maintenance of our statutory 

equipment and machinery to ensure that they are safe for our employees to work with.

Placing great emphasis on building a safety culture within Federal, we have established a set of safe work 

procedures to guide our employees on safety practices at work. We provide safety orientation course to new 

hires to ensure that they have the necessary training and skills relating to safety. Moreover, we conduct annual 

warehouse briefing to firmly embed the safety rules among our employees. We also performed annual 

emergency response drill and fire drill to prepare our employees in the event of emergency situations.

Recognising the importance of the state of health of our employees, we have in place an annual health needs 

assessment and evaluation for our existing employees. We also offer outpatient medical and dental claims to 

our employees where the unused credits can be utilised by their immediate family members.

Moreover, the Federal provides basic employment insurance program which covers any injury or illness 

sustained in the course of employment that requires medical, surgical or hospital treatment. In addition, we 

provide travel insurance to employees who are required regularly travel overseas for business.

In 2017, there has been no cases of non-compliance in health and safety regulations. 

(iv) Training &amp; Education

Federal is committed to developing and nurturing its employees so as to form a competent team to drive 

business goals. We provide opportunities to our employees to participate in learning and development courses 

in order to upgrade their skills. Through our open annual performance appraisal system, we work together with 

our employees to identify knowledge gaps and address training needs.

Furthermore, in order to support our employees in their learning and development journey, we grant eligible 

employees with examination leave for employees who are sitting for examinations conducted during office 

hours.

Understanding that the business landscape is ever-changing, we constantly review the capabilities of our 

employees to ensure that the team stays competent. Our employee?s capabilities are further enhanced through 

mentoring and on-the-job exposure.

(v) Diversity and Equality

At Federal, we believe in fair hiring without 

discrimination, regardless of age, gender, nationality 

and ethnicity, and equal opportunity for our 

employees. Workforce diversity is vital to the 

enhancement of our competitive edge as it promotes 

innovative thinking and enables us to overcome 

business challenges through different perspectives.

We have a diversified workforce across all age groups 

as we value the experiences and knowledge that 

Employee team-bonding session

22






individuals from different age groups bring to the Group.

We adopt a firm stance against human rights infringement and discrimination to ensure a conducive work 

environment for our employees. At the Group, we have signed our pledge to Fair Employment Practices under 

Singapore?s Tripartite Alliance for Fair and Progressive Employment Practices (TAFEP) ? our commitment to 

creating an inclusive work environment for our employees. Although we operate in multiple geographical 

locations globally, we have adopted a strict adherence to the local employment regulations in all jurisdictions 

we operate in.

We respect the principles of freedom of association, the right to collective bargaining, non-discrimination and 

harassment, meritocratic and progressive human resource practices, and advocates the elimination of forced or 

child labour.All employees under the Group are entitled to practice freedom of association and to be covered 

by collective agreements in the workplace, within regulatory limits of each jurisdiction which we operate in.

We understand the need for a high standard of product reliability and safety for our customers who operate in 

the oil and gas industry. Product faults may often result in serious safety and operational issues for our 

customers. Therefore, we make it our priority to ensure that all products undergo stringent certification process 

and are of the highest quality.

For products that are under our in-house brand, KVC (UK), we have obtained several product quality control 

accreditations, such as American Petroleum Institute (API) Specification Q1 and 6D monogram, Fire Test 

Certification to API 607, Atmospheres Explosives (ATEX) marking, Safety Integrity Level II and Conformité 

Européene (CE) marking as per Pressure Equipment Directive (PED), to assure customers of our product?s 

reliability and safety.

For products that are sourced from other suppliers and vendors, we also perform stringent quality inspections 

on the product and ensure that our suppliers have the required product certifications as per our customers? 

specifications. Furthermore, we undergo annual audits to ensure that our quality management system follows 

the quality management system standards as established under ISO 9001:2008. We also have an ISO 

Committee to oversee our quality management system and ensure compliance to the ISO standards.

Over the years, we have performed customer satisfaction surveys annually to gather customer feedback and 

address any potential product quality and safety issues. In the survey, customers are asked to evaluate our 

products? reliability, timeliness in delivery, and support services.

(b) Product  Responsibilit ies

Free health screening for employees

Annual Dinner and Dance 2017

23








In the reporting period, there have been no fines or penalties incurred for non-compliance to labour laws and 

regulations in the various jurisdictions we have presence in. Furthermore, we have not received any reports of 

labour malpractice or unfair treatment through our employee grievance channel.

In the reporting period, there are no reported workplace injury, fatality or occupational diseases. We are proud 

to present our employee demographics for the reporting period: 

As of 31st December 2017, we currently employ 175 individuals. 

OUR PERFORMANCE

(a) Labour pract ices &amp; Work Environment

24

Equalit y 

We believe that all individuals should have equal opportunities 

and ease of access to resources, regardless of their gender or 

age. We do not engage in discriminatory employment practices 

and constantly seeks to achieve greater balance of gender and 

age in our work force.

Diversit y 

We believe that a diverse workforce is key to propelling growth 

for the organization. As individuals from different backgrounds 

and cultures come together, it produces a wide variety of 

solutions to the table based upon different experiences and 

schools of thought. 




Over the years, we have performed customer satisfaction surveys annually to gather customer feedback and 

address any potential product quality and safety issues. In the survey, customers are asked to evaluate our 

products? reliability, timeliness in delivery, and support services. Overall, customers have shown high 

satisfaction with our products and services, and there are no reported accidents caused by our products in 

2017.

(b) Product  Responsibilit ies

TARGETS &amp; PLANS

To facilitate the personal growth and development of our employees, we are looking to empower employees to 

take on leadership roles in their scope of work. We also are looking at sending employees to more courses and 

trainings. 

Due to the uncertain market conditions in the previous and current years, we have not been engaging with the 

communities we operate in. We recognise that being part of a greater community, we should do our part to 

also empower local communities through regular community service activities. Therefore, in the upcoming 

year, we target to complete at least 2 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities.

We will continue to deliver high quality product and ensure greater customer satisfaction. In the upcoming 

year, we seek to achieve a customer satisfaction rating of at least 80%. 

The Group is proud of our achievements in OHS performance this year and we strive to maintain our records at 

zero workplace incident and zero man hour lost in FY 2018. 

25




26

GRI

CONTENT INDEX




27




28




FEDERAL INTERNATIONAL (2000) LTD

47/49 Genting Rd

Singapore 349489

Tel: (65) 6747 8118 

Fax: (65) 6743 0690 / 6745 0048 

www.federal.com.sg

