


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

FIGTREE HOLDINGS LIMITED 

Sustainability Report 2020 


 

 

 

Contents 

 

02 

Message from the Board 

04 

About this Report 

06  Organisational Profile 

08  Governance and Sustainability Approach 

10 

Stakeholder Engagement  

12 

Material Topics 

 

 

 

 

13 

Economic Performance 

15 

Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery 

17  Environmental Compliance 

19 

Employment 

23 

Training and Education 

25 

GRI Content Index 

 


 

2 | P a g e 

 

MESSAGE FROM THE BOARD 

 

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

 

We are proud to present our fourth Sustainability Report (“SR”) of Figtree Holdings Limited’s (“Figtree” or the “Company”, together 

with its subsidiaries and associates, the “Group”), covering the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”). 

 

This report aims to communicate our commitment and on-going efforts of our sustainability approach. We recognise the importance 

of maintaining a sustainable business with our stakeholders and had demonstrated these commitments through our initiatives and 

achievements on Environmental, Social, and Governance (“ESG”) topics for FY2020. 

 

We strive to achieve long-term benefits and sustainability in all aspects of our business operations. We are committed to all of our 

stakeholders, from our customers, suppliers, employees, investors, regulators, and the local community, to deliver value-added 

services in a long-sustaining manner. 

 

FY2020 was a challenging year due to the Covid-19 pandemic outbreak which had heavily impacted economies worldwide. The 

nationwide shutdown in China during 1Q2020, the temporary closure of non-essential businesses in Australia and the ‘Circuit Breaker’ 

and restrictions imposed on construction activities by the Singapore government had affected our property development segment 

with the completion of on-going projects to be delayed until 2021 and 2022. 

 

Nevertheless, our Board of Directors (“Board”) is positive that we will see economic recovery in 2021 and 2022 as most of these 

projects are on schedule for completion. With signs of economic rebound in China, our Group will continue to focus our efforts on 

the development and management of industrial properties in China. Our stakeholders that had supported us continuously helped us 

push through the adversity that Covid-19 had brought about, to build up resilience and continue to maintain our competitive edge to 

deliver sustainable growth and value. 

 


 

3 | P a g e 

 

MESSAGE FROM THE BOARD (Cont’d) 

We would like to take the opportunity to thank all our stakeholders for their support and contribution to our sustainability efforts. As 

sustainability issues are constantly changing, we move forward to the following year where it is an on-going journey for us to continue 

to evaluate material ESG factors relevant to our business. 

 

 

By the Board of Figtree Holdings Limited 

 

 


 

4 | P a g e 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

Figtree aims to incorporate sustainability as one of our key pillars for future growth and through this report, demonstrate our 

commitment to that objective and all our stakeholders, by documenting our sustainability approach, efforts and performance in a 

transparent and fair manner on a yearly basis. This report covers the operations of the Group from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 

2020. 

 

This report is prepared in accordance with the requirements of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Rules 

711A and 711B and the latest Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: Core Option. We have adopted the GRI reporting 

framework for its vigorous principles, detailed guidance and representation of international best practices. 

 

Reporting boundaries: 

 

 

 

In maintaining a high level of excellence, we applied the GRI principles of accuracy, balance, clarity, comparability, reliability and 

timeliness. We invite readers to refer to the GRI Content Index at the end of this report for a comprehensive summary of our report. 

No external assurance was sought for this report. 

 

 

Materiality

• Focusing on issues that impact business growth and are of utmost importance to stakeholders

Stakeholders 

Inclusiveness

• Responding to stakeholder expectations and interest

Sustainability Context

• Presenting performance in the wider context of sustainability

Completeness

• Including all information that is of significant economic, enviornmental, social and governance 

impact to enable stakeholders to assess our Group's performance


 

5 | P a g e 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT (Cont’d) 

 

Accessibility 

 

We would not be distributing physical copies of this sustainability report, as part of our environmental conservation effort towards a 

paperless office. This sustainability report will be publicly accessible through our Company’s website: https://www.figtreeasia.com 

as well as on Singapore Exchange Network (“SGXNET”). 

 

Report Contact and Feedback 

 

We promote active engagement with all stakeholders. Please address all feedback via email to info@figtreeasia.com or by mail to our 

headquarters at 8 Jalan Kilang Barat #03-01 Central-Link, Singapore 159351. 

 

 


 

6 | P a g e 

 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

Background 

 

Incorporated in 2009, Figtree is a provider of commercial and industrial real estate solutions. We cover the full spectrum of the project 

development process, including land search and authority liaison, feasibility studies, design and construction. Our design expertise 

includes architectural concept design, civil and structural design, mechanical and electrical design, cleanrooms, and process services 

engineering. Our dedicated team of professionals provides our clients with extensive and effective solutions. 

 

Headquartered and listed in Singapore, we act as the main contractor in our projects, which cover new construction, addition and 

alteration works on existing buildings as well as refurbishment and upgrading of existing buildings. In China and Malaysia, we provide 

design as well as project and construction management services. Venturing abroad (besides Singapore), we have property 

developments and investments in our key markets in Australia and China. 

 

Vision and Mission: 

 

 

 

 

 

 







Vision

• “To strive together to be the value add leader in the design and build construction industry"







Mission

• “To design and deliver projects of high value add quality within the budget and time frame to the satisfaction of our clients” 


 

7 | P a g e 

 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE (Cont’d) 

 

Supply Chain Management 

 

We have adopted ISO standards and have policies which provide guidance along the procurement process such as vendor sourcing 

and selection, purchase order preparation, review and approval process, and vendor assessment. We also maintain a policy of only 

subcontracting to those parties best satisfying a range of criteria appropriate to the particular project. These policies ensure 

uniformity in our procurement practices and ensure that our selection process is in line with industry best practices.  

 

In general, we do not enter into any long-term agreements or arrangements with any of our sub-contractors as this awards us with 

the flexibility to actively evaluate and select sub-contractors, encouraging them to remain competitive and produce higher quality 

work. Sub-contractors are assessed based on pricing and quality as the major factor, among other considerations such as track-record, 

financial capability and size. Nonetheless, to ensure sustainable provision of services from our sub-contractors, we actively engage 

our major sub-contractors to identify and evaluate areas for improvement during the course of and at the end of the project. 

 

During Covid-19, we have identified our key suppliers who provide essential supplies such as rebars and concrete. We have come up 

with different measures in place for supplier management depending on the Disease Outbreak Response System Condition (DORSCON) 

level. We have also identified single source suppliers and planned for alternative suppliers and deliveries. We closely monitored and 

managed our inventory level and had increased our inventory for materials. Suppliers who have to visit our workplace will go through 

the visitor screening process of filling up the declaration form, temperature screening and recorded for contact tracing. 

 

In addition, we work closely with our customers, sub-contractors and suppliers to observe and put in place the safe management 

measures as announced by local government authorities to help the industry restart safely and minimise the risk and work disruptions 

from Covid-19. The measures include complying with the application process for restart since the lifting of the Circuit Breaker in June 

2020, adopting the self-check tool and approval process to assess our readiness to restart the projects based on our ability to meet 

the necessary criteria, and implementation of staggered rest days for certain categories of workers in the construction sector. 

 


 

8 | P a g e 

 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE (Cont’d) 

 

External Initiatives  

 

The Group remains committed in giving back to the community and also encourages active participation by our employees to make 

a difference to the community. In addition, the Group has donated to the Care Community Ltd, which provides a wide range of 

services ranging from counselling services, to family and elderly welfare, and medical assistance to the less fortunate in need. 

 

Membership of Associations and Certificates  

 

Membership of Associations 

Certificates 

• Association of Listed Companies 

• Singapore Business Federation 

• Singapore Chinese Chamber of 

Commerce &amp; Industry 

• BCA Green Mark Award 2015 

• BizSAFE Star Certificate 2020 

• Green &amp; Gracious Builder 2018 

• ISO 9001: Quality Management System 

• ISO 14001: Environmental Management System 

• ISO 45001: Occupational Health and Safety 

Management System 

 

GOVERNANCE &amp; SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

 

Our Group is committed to conduct business activities in a socially and environmentally sustainable matter. We have established 

policies for matters such as conflict of interest and whistle-blowing in order to maintain a high standard of corporate governance. 

Having effective corporate practices is part of our dedication to ensure transparency, accountability and to safeguard against fraud 

and corruption, with the aim of protecting shareholders’ interests as well as maximising long-term success of the Group.  

 

We recognise that a high standard of corporate governance and business conduct is the key to ensure sustainability of our business 

performance, as well as reducing or avoiding negative impact on the environment and creating long-term value to the society.  We 

have adopted a risk management framework to identify, manage and monitor key risks arising from the operations of the Group’s 

operating segments on the economic, environment, social and governance aspects. 

 


 

9 | P a g e 

 

GOVERNANCE &amp; SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH (Cont’d) 

 

Conflict of interest policy 

 

The conflict of interest policy is embedded within our Company’s Employee Handbook. All employees of our Group are required to 

declare and disclose any situation where their private businesses or personal interests conflict with those of our Group on an annual 

basis or as and when such conflict arises. 

 

Whistle-blowing policy 

 

Our Company has implemented a whistle-blowing policy which is made known to all our 

stakeholders where they may, in confidence, raise concerns about possible irregularities on 

matters of financial reporting or other matters relating to fraud, corruption or dishonest practices, 

through 

the 

Company’s 

website 

https://www.figtreeasia.com 

or 

https://whistleblowing.figtreeasia.com.  

 

Sustainability Approach 

 

With our vision and mission in mind, we are integrating sustainability into our businesses in a 

systematic manner.  Our Group incorporates sustainability considerations during our decision-making process whenever possible. 

Our Board is also committed to maintaining good corporate governance to enhance and safeguard the interests of our stakeholders.  

 

Our Board oversees our sustainability direction and strategies such that it is in line with our business objectives. Our Board is 

supported by our management team, where the management team determines focus areas where our Group has the most ESG 

impact and also monitors our Group’s sustainability performances to report to our Board on a regular basis.  

 

Our Group also values the feedback provided by our stakeholders. Thus, we have taken efforts to seek the opinion of our stakeholders 

and we aim to understand their needs and expectations to build long-lasting and beneficial relationships. 

 






 

10 | P a g e 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

We believe that we should always respond to changing stakeholders’ interests and we are committed to actively engaging our key 

stakeholders through various channels to understand their concerns in order to align the business interest and ultimately to generate 

sustainable value in the long-run. The expectations of our stakeholders would be emphasised during our strategy settings and are 

included in our goal setting. We also aim to increase engagement with sub-contractors with regards to Health, Safety and 

Environmental (“HSE”) aspects, to increase awareness on the importance of working towards greater HSE goals for a sustainable 

future. This year, due to the Covid-19 pandemic, most of our face-to-face engagements were online. We encourage stakeholders to 

provide constructive criticism at https://www.figtreeasia.com/contact.  

 

 

 

STAKEHOLDE

RS

Customers

Customise

d solutions

Suppliers

Fair trade 

practice

Employees

Self-

Actualisati

on

Investors

Sustainable 

returns

Governme

nt and 

Regulators

100% 

compliance

Local 

Communit

y

Act of 

giving 




 

11 | P a g e 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT (Cont’d) 

 

Our Key 

Stakeholders  

Engagement Activities  

Stakeholders Expectations 

Key Topics 

Customers 

 

Enquiry and feedback channels 

 

Good quality of products 

 

After sales services 

 Project quotations 

 Project quality assurance 

 Post sales enquiries 

Sub-

contractors/ 

Suppliers 

 

Quotations 

 

Periodic discussion 

 

Supplier evaluation 

 

Compliance with terms and conditions 

of purchasing policies and procedures 

 

Maintain ethical standards 

 Project details enquiries 

 Bidding criteria 

 HSE standards 

Employees 

 

Induction and orientation program  

 

Staff appraisal 

 

Internal memo 

 

Training 

 

Staff rights and welfare 

 

Personal development 

 

Good working environment 

 Staff benefits  

 Personal growth and development 

 Working environment 

Investors 

 

Annual General Meetings (AGM) 

 

Circulars to shareholders for 

corporate action 

 

SGX Announcements 

 

Profitability 

 

Transparency 

 

Timely reporting 

 

Fair purchasing practices 

 Profits and growth 

 Transparency  

 Status of on-going projects and outlook 

of future projects 

 Equitable trade practices 

Government 

and 

Regulators 

 

Discussions with government 

agencies and regulators 

 

Environmental-friendly business 

approach 

 

Compliance with regulations 

 

Timely reporting and resolution of 

issues 

 Environmental-friendly business 

approach  

 Compliance with regulations  

 Timely reporting and resolution of issues 

Local 

Community 

 

Enquiry and feedback channels 

 

Environmental-friendly business 

approach 

 

Community Involvement programme 

 Environmental concern 

 Noise concerns 

 Construction duration 


 

12 | P a g e 

 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

Our Group has structured our materiality assessment into 3 steps as follows: 

 

1. Identify material topics in relation to impacts of ESG factors and the degree of influence they have on our stakeholders. 

2. Listen to stakeholders’ feedback and concerns for more details and depths regarding sustainable growth and business 

continuity to review and assess the ESG factors which were of significant interest to our stakeholders. 

3. Evaluate the material topics that have been prioritised and seek approval from senior management and the concurrence of 

the Board of Directors. 

 

We have decided to continue with the 5 material topics identified in FY2019 as illustrated in the below table, which summarises the 

material topics reported and their corresponding GRI disclosure framework reference number: 

 

 

 

 

Material topics (GRI) 

Description 

Page Reference 

Economic Performance  

(GRI 201) 

Business performance and efforts/ commitment in achieving greater results 

13 

Anti-corruption and 

Anti-bribery (GRI 205) 

Policies and measures in place for anti-corruption and anti-bribery 

15 

Environmental 

Compliance (GRI 307) 

Measures in place to comply with environmental regulations 

17 

Employment (GRI 401) 

Hiring policies and staff benefits 

19 

Training and Education 

(GRI 404) 

Internal and/ or external trainings provided to employees in developing work skill 

and career advancement 

22 


 

13 | P a g e 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

Understanding the economic performance of the Group is vital to deliver profitability and long-term sustainable growth. By 

maintaining sustainable economic growth, we continue to create direct and indirect economic values for our stakeholders. Our 

economic success ensures long-term stability and growth of our Group and enables the execution of our sustainability practices. 

 

 

Performance Review in FY2020  

 

In FY2020, revenue decreased by 18.3% from $10.8million in FY2019 to $8.8million in FY2020. However, there is an increase in gross 

profit due to the absence of additional costs incurred upon finalisation of accounts from projects completed in prior years. The Group 

recorded lower general and administrative expenses and finance costs amongst other expenses in FY2020. However the Group 

continues to record a net loss at S$1.21million in FY2020 due to low revenue and gross profit generated. Please refer to the table 

below for the key financial data.  

 

Economic Performance 

FY2019 

FY2020 

Changes 

Revenue 

S$10.8 million 

S$8.8 million 

(18.3%) 

Gross profit 

S$0.40 million 

S$0.66 million 

63.9% 

Net (loss) 

(S$0.1 million) 

(S$1.21 million) 

Not Meaningful 

 

Our property investment and development in China, collectively, Phases 1 and 2 of Changshu Fervent High Tech Industrial Park, are 

at approximately 85% occupancy and continue to generate stable and recurring income for the Group through its 32% interest in the 

project. Several leases at Phase 1 of Changshu Fervent High Tech Industrial Park were re-contracted at higher yields upon their expiry 

in 2020. For Vibrant Pucheng Logistics (Chongqing) Co., Ltd (“VP”), due to management changes and temporary halt of finance from 

the financing bank, the shareholders of VP are in the progress of seeking alternative financing options, which may include other bank 

and financial institutions for the entire development.  

 

 


 

14 | P a g e 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE (Cont’d) 

 

In Australia, our construction work has been scaled back significantly due to Australia’s ongoing measures to control the pandemic. 

We expect completion for the construction of the freehold property located at 1-3 Minna Street, Blackburn, Victoria 3130 to be 

delayed to 1Q2022. In addition, the Group made a strategic move to invest in a data centre business by acquiring a 27.5% interest in 

DC Alliance Pte Ltd (“DCA”). DCA is in the process of expanding the capacity of the data centre. Once ramped up, the data centre 

which is the only one of its kind south of the Perth CBD, is expected to broaden the Group’s base of recurring income and capabilities 

in the coming future. It will also move the Group up the Design &amp; Build value chain by acquiring fit-for-purpose design capabilities 

catered to co-location facilities.  

 

For the design and build segment in Singapore, the speed of construction projects has been impeded by safe management 

requirements while labour and material costs have risen due to supply constraints. The construction of the OJJ Foods Pte Ltd, a food 

processing facility is on-going albeit at a slower rate with the project targeting to be completed in 4Q 2022. 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2021 

 

Barring unforeseen circumstances, we are positive that we will see an economic recovery in 2021 and 2022 where our projects are 

expected to be completed. With signs of economic rebound in China, our Group will continue to focus our efforts on the development 

and management of industrial properties in China. For FY2021, as we are still recovering from the pandemic, we will continue to be 

prudent in managing our resources and cashflow to ensure that our operations remain sustainable in this uncertain business 

environment. We would also continuously seek out development and venture opportunities globally to ensure continuous growth of 

the Group’s operations. Our Group continues to strive in balancing stakeholders’ expectations with due diligence in our project 

selection approach. All projects will be evaluated by our Board based on our Group’s own stringent criterion while also considering 

the long-term viability of the projects. Our Group aims to seek new growth areas and business opportunities for investments or 

acquisitions to enhance market position and overall performance. 

 


 

15 | P a g e 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION AND ANTI-BRIBERY 

 

To protect our stakeholders’ interest and prevent reputational damage to our Group, 

we have zero tolerance to corruption and bribery practices. In Figtree, we are 

committed to fostering an environment where honesty, integrity and ethical 

behavior are maintained.  

 

Our employees observe a strict code of conduct relating to conflict of interest and 

fraud. In continuing our tradition of Accountability, Integrity, Transparency and 

Security to our stakeholders when conducting business as part of maintaining the 

‘Gold Standard’ of corporate governance, the Board has established policies and 

procedures, which are reviewed regularly against industry leading practices to 

safeguard the interests of our stakeholders. Please refer to the “Corporate 

Governance Report” section in the annual report for more information. 

 

Our Code of Conduct is stipulated in the Employee’s Handbook where it guides our employees on their day-to-day activities and the 

principles they should uphold. Employees’ conducts would be monitored by supervisors or the head of department and will be 

subjected to disciplinary actions in the event of a breach of code of conduct.  

 

We have a Conflict of Interest policy in place where we require all employees to declare to the Group on their interests with any of 

our suppliers, customers, or other interested parties, on an annual basis or as and when required. Employees who are involved in key 

business functions such as procurement, are provided with regular anti-corruption trainings.  

 

We also have our Whistleblowing Policy in place which is made available to our stakeholders. Our stakeholders may voice their 

concerns or complaints regarding any perceived irregularities, improprieties, non-compliances or wrongdoings by management or 

staff during the course of their work.   

 






 

16 | P a g e 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION AND ANTI-BRIBERY (Cont’d) 

 

We are also proud of our risk management framework that we established to identify, review, and manage key risks arising from the 

management and operations of the Group’s operating segments. In addition to complying with the principles and guidelines set out 

in the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 and the SGX Listing Rules, we also evaluated our internal controls and procedures on a 

regular basis, performing both test of controls and substantive tests to check that our activities adhere to existing regulatory 

requirements as well as safeguarding our stakeholders’ interests. 

 

 

Performance Review in FY2020 and Subsequent Reporting for FY2021 

 

We are pleased to announce that for FY2020, we have achieved our targets with no reported instances of inappropriate business 

activities across our business. For FY2021, we aim to maintain our track record of zero incidents. 

 

 

 


 

17 | P a g e 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

 

Our Group understands that it is everyone’s responsibility to protect 

the wellbeing of the future generations by ensuring environmental 

sustainability. At Figtree, we believe in commitment and going 

beyond compliance when it comes to protecting the environment. 

In addition, reduced energy consumption directly results in cost 

savings for the corporation. As responsible stewards of the 

environment, we focus our innovative designs to comply with 

environmental laws regulations. 

 

The environmental laws and regulations that we are required to 

comply with includes the following: 

• 

Environmental Protection &amp; Management Act 

• 

Environmental Public Health Act 

• 

Sewerage and Drainage Act 

• 

Hazardous Waste (Control of Export, Import and Transit) Act 

• 

Energy Conservation Act 

• 

Smoking (Prohibition in Certain Places) Act 

 

We constantly seek innovative ways to reduce our environmental footprint. We have adopted several on-going green initiatives to 

reduce our carbon emission with the development of eco-friendly sustainable buildings. The green initiatives include using energy-

saving lights and incorporating district cooling technologies in the air-conditioning systems which help to reduce energy consumption. 

We believe that through continuous advancement of green technology, there would be additional avenues for future sustained 

growth. We have also incorporated environmental-friendly designs for our customers such as the provision of energy efficient Variant 

Refrigerant Flow air-conditioning system for ventilation and, energy efficient LED lights and lighting system. These designs not only 

reduce emissions, but also reduce our customers’ or their tenants’ utility costs for years to come. 












 

18 | P a g e 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE (Cont’d) 

 

Figtree Projects Pte Ltd (“Figtree Projects”) is an ISO14001-certified entity, in line with international standards for an effective 

environmental management since 2014, and is certified as a Green and Gracious Builder Scheme (“GGBS”) Merit-Contractor.  The 

Group has also adopted the GGBS program spearheaded by Building and Construction Authority (“BCA”) and Green Mark to ensure 

that our Group, including Figtree Projects, is operating well above mandatory environmental compliance. It is also part of our initiative 

to build a more environmentally friendly and sustainable built environment.  

 

As a testament of our commitment on environmental sustainability practices, our Group had received several awards and 

certifications. The Group has developed award winning buildings that meet and exceed stringent environmental standards with 

climate responsive designs, high building energy performance, resource stewardship, smart and healthy buildings with advanced 

green efforts. Below are some of Figtree Project’s award-winning building design projects: 

1. 

BCA Green Mark Award (Gold Plus) - Second Development Pte Ltd for Menlo Logistic Hub: 2013 

2. 

BCA Green Mark Award 2014 (Gold Plus) – Tech-Link Storage Engineering Pte Ltd for KWE Singapore Logistics Centre 

3. 

BCA Green Mark Award 2015 (Platinum) – Figtree Projects Pte Ltd Head Office (Office Interior - Version 1.1) 

4. 

BCA Green Mark Award 2015 (Platinum) – Development 8 Pte Ltd for LF Logistics Centre 

5. 

BCA Green Mark Award 2017 (Gold Plus) – Hankyu Hanshin Logistics Centre 

 

 

Performance Review in FY2020 and Subsequent Reporting for FY2021 

 

We are pleased to report that in FY2020, there are zero reported incidents of non-compliance to environmental laws and regulations.  

We will continue innovating and ensuring that current and future projects continue the trend towards sustainable property 

development and minimal level of emissions. We aim to reduce the average amount of energy consumed and we will continue to 

stay updated with the newest technologies available in the market to strengthen our energy conservation efforts. We aim to be good 

stewards of the environment, abiding by all relevant current and future environmental laws and regulations to the best of our ability. 

We plan to continue having zero reported incidents of non-compliance to environmental laws and regulations for the current year. 

 

 


 

19 | P a g e 

 

EMPLOYMENT 

 

We strongly believe in investing in our employees as they are the backbone and foundation of 

our business. The ability to attract, retain and develop our employees by providing the 

opportunities and resources required by them is the key to our success. Attracting and retaining 

diversified talents help to bring in different ideas and perspectives into the organisation and 

encourage innovation and growth. Thus, employees are our key asset and is one of the factors 

we have identified to be significant to our sustainable growth.  

 

We are committed to providing a conducive working environment for all our valued employees as their health and well-being is our 

top-most priority. We occasionally organise company events for our employees to enjoy bonding time together. When a conducive 

work environment is made available to our employees, they would be able to perform at their best, and by forming great relationships 

with their colleagues, it also helps to provide them with emotional support and well-being.  

 

We regularly review our Human Resource policy so that we stay relevant to the fair employment practices recommended or required 

by the Ministry of Manpower. We are committed to providing employees opportunities to thrive, progress and reach self-

actualisation. We achieve this by having a rigorous hiring process from identifying selected skill sets to comprehensive interviews 

ensuring that we hire capable employees, followed by transparent realisable performance targets, reviews and training programmes. 

 

In attracting and retaining talent, we go above and beyond the Ministry of Manpower labour regulations and statutory requirements, 

offering comprehensive benefits and compensation packages to all full-time employees. The benefits are clearly outlined in the 

employee handbook and include comprehensive work injury compensation insurance, Figtree Employee Share Option scheme, and 

parental leave scheme. 

 

Furthermore, we show great interest in communicating with our employees as we can better understand their concerns and 

expectations. We hold meetings and performance reviews with our employees for them to provide any feedback that they might 

have, to further improve our organisation and also for their personal growth. Through open and effective communication with our 

employees, we established a common understanding and promote an inclusive work environment for them.  






 

20 | P a g e 

 

EMPLOYMENT(Cont’d) 

 

We have reviewed our employee management policies such as absenteeism, sick leave, and overseas work arrangements to adhere 

to any prevailing advisories and guidelines. Health and travel declarations were obtained from employees who have travelled to 

known affected areas recently, or who have any upcoming plans to travel to. Employees were required to update any changes to 

their health declaration declared previously. 

 

In view of Covid-19, we have allowed flexible work arrangements for employees to work from home where possible and staggered 

working hours to minimise employees’ exposure to the public during peak hours. In addition, we continue to implement the prevailing 

safeguard measures such as regular cleaning of common spaces, demarcating safe physical distancing and mask wearing at all times. 

We closely monitor updated safe management measures at workplaces as announced by governmental authorities from time to time.  

 

Performance Review in FY2020 

 

The Covid-19 outbreak has been a challenging time for both Singapore and many countries around the world. In line with Singapore 

Government’s introduction of various support measures such as Enhanced Wage Credit Schedule and Jobs Support Scheme, we 

maintained almost the same number of employees in FY2020 as compared to FY2019. Please refer to the tables below for the 

percentage of employees by gender, age group and employment category. 

 

Workforce by Gender 

FY2019 

FY2020 

Male 

20 

19 

Female 

7 

7 

 

Workforce by Age Group 

FY2019 

FY2020 

30 and below 

3 

3 

31-50 

20 

19 

51 and above 

4 

4 


 

21 | P a g e 

 

 

EMPLOYMENT(Cont’d) 

 

Workforce by Employment Category 

FY2019 

FY2020 

Male 

Female 

Male 

Female 

Management level and above 

13 

2 

12 

2  

Executives 

7 

5 

7 

5  

 

Employee Turnover 

FY2019 

FY2020 

Male 

Female 

Male 

Female 

Singapore 

10.53% 

28.57% 

26.32% 

- 

 

New Employee Hires 

FY2019 

FY2020 

Male 

Female 

Male 

Female 

30 and below 

- 

- 

1 

- 

31-50 

- 

2 

- 

- 

51 and above 

- 

- 

- 

- 

 

Parental Leave 

FY2019 

FY2020 

Male 

Female 

Male 

Female 

No. of employees entitled to parental leave 

7 

5 

5 

3  

No. of employees that took parental leave 

7 

5 

5 

3  

No. of employees entitled to parental leave 

and were still employed as at year end 

7 

5  

3 

3  

 

 

 


 

22 | P a g e 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2021 

With the situation of Covid-19 pandemic remaining volatile at the time of reporting, we will maintain our staff retention policy and 

continue to keep involuntary attrition as low as possible. We are committed to continuing the practice of fair recruitment and 

selection process for our employees. We will seek more platforms to maintain open communication with our employees and more 

ventures to hold company activities, subject to safe management rules, for the improvement of our employees’ health and well-

being, and to promote work life balance. 

 

 


 

23 | P a g e 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

 

We believe in investing in our employees. Career development and 

employee training is crucial as it enhances productivity of all 

employees by equipping them with the necessary skillset to perform 

their duties in an ever-changing environment. It also helps in 

enhancing employees’ work satisfaction as employees gain a sense 

of belonging, loyalty and self-actualisation knowing that the 

Company is investing in their future. 

 

New employees are engaged in a new hire orientation session where they learn about the Group’s key policies. This session also helps 

them to familiarise themselves with their job position and company culture. Trainings are provided to existing employees to ensure 

that they are kept abreast of the updates and advances in their specific job positions. We empower our staff with skills and experience 

through a range of learning and development programmes coordinated by our Group’s Human Resource department. We do 

performance appraisals for our employees to identify any knowledge or skill gap and address them thereafter through our learning 

and development programmes. Below are 5 notable mentions of the training and development programmes our employees attended 

in FY2020 that helped nurture leadership, technical and information technological skills: 

 

Training and Development Programmes  

Institutions 

Assess Confined Space for Safe Entry and Work 

NTUC Learning Hub Pte Ltd 

Safe Management Officer 

BCA Academy 

Waterproofing for External Wall 

BCA Academy 

Performance-based Design and Assessment with Prota Structure 

Prota Software Pte Ltd 

Managing Development Feasibility 

RICS 

 

 

 






 

24 | P a g e 

 

 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION (Cont’d) 

 

Performance Review in FY2020 

 

The table below shows the average number of training hours in FY2019 and FY2020. In view of Covid-19, training opportunities such 

as conferences and face-to-face training have been postponed or cancelled and as such, training hours per employee decreased in 

FY2020. Nevertheless, we would continue to monitor and identify new trainings relevant and beneficial to our employees. 

 

Average Training Hours per Employee 

FY2019 

FY2020 

Male 

22.4 hours 

18.6 hours 

Female 

20.3 hours 

13.5 hours 

 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2021 

 

In response to the new norm due to Covid-19 pandemic, we aim to ensure that all employees have the opportunity to attend training 

and career development programmes, including conferences and webcasting which are expected to take place virtually, so as to 

upgrade their skills and knowledge. We also aim to maintain the current level of training hours per employee by further developing 

our training program through incorporating employee feedback to ensure the trainings provided are useful and engaging.  

 

 

 


 

25 | P a g e 

 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for Omission, if applicable 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016 

Organizational Profile 

102-1 Name of the organisation  

Cover Page 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

Page 6 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

Page 6 

102-4 Location of operations 

Page 6 

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

Page 6 

102-6 Markets served 

Page 6 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

Pages 6, 13 and Annual Report 2020 – Financial Statements: Balance 

Sheets 

102-8 Information on employees and other workers  

Pages 19, 20 and 21 

102-9 Supply chain  

Page 7 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

N/A. There were no significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain in FY2020 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

Page 8 

102-12 External initiatives 

 

Page 7 

102-13 Membership of associations 

Page 7 

Strategy 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

Page 2 and 3 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

Page 6 

Governance 

102-18 Governance structure 

Page 8 and Annual Report 2020 – Board of Directors 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

Pages 10 and 11  

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

N/A. None of our employees are covered by collective bargaining 

agreement in FY2020. 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Pages 10 and 11  

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Pages 10 and 11  

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

Pages 10 and 11  

Reporting Practice 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Annual Report 2020 – Corporate Structure 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Page 4 

102-47 List of material topics 

Page 12 

102-48 Restatements of information 

N/A. There were no restatements of information. 


 

26 | P a g e 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for Omission, if applicable 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

N/A. There were no changes in reporting. 

102-50 Reporting period 

Page 4 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

22 May 2020 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

Page 4 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Page 5 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

Page 4 

102-55 GRI content index 

Pages 25 and 26 

102-56 External assurance 

Page 4 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Pages 12 to 23 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Pages 13 to 23 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Pages 13 to 23 

Economic Performance 

GRI 201: Economic 

Performance 2016 

201-1 Direct Economic value generated and distributed 

Pages 13, 14 and Annual Report 2020 – Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Income Statement 

Anti-Corruption 

GRI 205: Anti-

Corruption 2016 

205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

Pages 15 and 16 

205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and 

procedures 

Pages 15 and 16 

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

Pages 15 and 16 

Environmental Compliance 

GRI 307: 

environmental-

compliance 2016 

307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations 

Pages 17 and 18 

Employment 

GRI 401: 

Employment 2016 

401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover 

Pages 19, 20 and 21 

401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to 

temporary or part-time employees 

Pages 19, 20 and 21 

401-3 Parental leave 

Pages 19, 20 and 21 

Training and Education 

GRI 404: Training 

and Education 2016 

404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee 

Page 22 and 23 

404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance 

program 

Page 22 and 23 

 

