


 

 

 

 

FIGTREE HOLDINGS LIMITED 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

 

 

      Content 

 

02 

Message from the Board 

03 

About this report 

04  Organisational Profile 

05  Governance and Sustainability Approach 

06 

Stakeholder Engagement  

07 

Material Topics 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

08  Economic Performance 

09 

Anti-Corruption and Anti Bribery 

10  Environmental Compliance 

11 

Employment 

12 

Training and Development 

13 

GRI Content Index 

 


 

1 | P a g e 

 

MESSAGE FROM THE BOARD 

 

 

 

 

We are pleased to present Figtree Holdings Limited’s (“Figtree” or the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries and associates, the 

“Group”) second sustainability report which outlined our initiatives and achievements on Environmental, Social, and Governance 

(“ESG”) topics for the financial year ended 31 December 2018 (“FY2018”). 

 

At Figtree, we recognised the importance of sustainability and view sustainability as an opportunity to create value for our business 

and stakeholders.  In response to growing interests in sustainability, we strive to reduce our environmental footprint in order to 

appeal to the growing number of environmentally conscious consumers, protect the health and safety of our employees and guests 

as well as maintain high standards of business conducts.  

 



We believe that by incorporating sustainability in our 

strategic planning and business operations, we will 

create long term value for our stakeholders 

Danny Siaw 

Executive Chairman and  

Managing Director 


 

2 | P a g e 

 

Setting the tone from the top, the commitment to sustainability starts from the senior management with the Board of Directors 

(the “Board”) responsible for overseeing the development and implementation of sustainability strategies within the Group.  The 

Board also works closely with management to monitor the performance of the material ESG matters. 

 

As we continue to actively review our strategy and business operations in this challenging year, we remain committed to our goal of 

providing quality living and working environment to our customers through our sustainability efforts and integrating it with our 

strategy formulation. 

 

We would like to thank our shareholders, business partners, employees and all stakeholders for their continuous support and 

commitment in our sustainable journey.  The material topics and factors which have been identified as being important to our 

stakeholders were reviewed by the Board.  The Board oversees and monitors the management of these factors as part of its 

sustainability efforts. 

 

The Board and senior management remains committed to building a better future and the communities we operate in.  

 

 

 

 


 

3 | P a g e 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

The Group recognizes the importance of growing business in a sustainable way.  This report aims to inform our stakeholders the 

sustainability approaches that have been adopted by the Group and the performance in a transparent and accountable manner.  

This report covers the operations of the Group located in Singapore from 1 January 2018 to 31 December 2018. 

 

In our first sustainability report, we took reference from the latest Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: Core Option for its 

robust regime and international applicability and we will continue to apply that in our future sustainability reports.  In the 

preparation of our reports, we kept our disclosures to be in line with the requirements of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Rules 711A and 711B.  In addition, we have looked into using the principles of stakeholder inclusiveness, 

sustainability context, materiality and completeness to put together a comprehensive report for our stakeholders.  For its quality, 

we have applied the GRI principles of accuracy, balance, clarity, comparability, reliability and timeliness.  Please refer to GRI Context 

Index, which summarises information of our report. We have not sought external assurance for this report. 

 

Accessibility 

 

As part of our environmental conservation efforts, this sustainability report will be publicly accessible through the Company’s 

website: https://www.figtreeasia.com as well as on Singapore Exchange Network (“SGXNET”). 

 

Report Contact and Feedback 

 

We value our stakeholders’ feedbacks and suggestions in relation to this sustainability report.  Please address all feedbacks to: 

info@figtreeasia.com  

 

 

 


 

4 | P a g e 

 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

Background 

 

The Group is a provider of commercial and industrial real estate solutions, founded in 2009 and listed on SGX Catalist on 11 

November 2013, with its headquarters located in Singapore.  The Group typically acts as the main contractor for its projects in 

Singapore, covering design and building of commercial and industrial facilities, A&amp;A works on existing buildings as well as 

refurbishment and upgrading of existing buildings.  In China and Malaysia, the Group provides design, project and construction 

management consulting services.  Since incorporation, the Group has progressed steadily and ventured into different parts of the 

world including China, Malaysia and Australia. 

 

Our Vision 

 

To strive together to be the value add leader in the design and build construction industry 

 

Our Mission 

 

To design and deliver projects of high value add quality within the budget and time frame to the satisfaction of our clients 

  

Supply Chain Management 

 

We maintain a policy of subcontracting to those parties who best satisfies a range of criteria appropriate to the particular project.  

Amongst others, price competiveness and quality is one of the major factors when considering awarding works to sub-contractors. 

 

We have ISO procedures on Purchase Control and Vendors Assessment in place which provides guidelines along the procurement 

process such as vendor sourcing and selection, purchase order preparation, review and approval and vendor assessment. 

 


 

5 | P a g e 

 

Generally, we do not enter into any long term agreements or arrangements with any one of our sub-contractors as this would 

provide us with the flexibility to evaluate and select more sub-contractors who are able to provide higher quality work at 

competitive prices.  Nonetheless, to ensure sustainable provision of services from our sub-contractors, we actively engage our 

major sub-contractors to identify and evaluate areas for improvement during the course of and at the end of the project. 

 

External Initiatives  

 

The Group is committed to giving back to the community and also encourages active participation by the employees to make a 

difference to the community.  During the reporting period, we have made donations to Care Community Ltd – the voluntary welfare 

organisation that aims to provide the best welfare assistance to the elderly, handicapped and less fortunate in Singapore.  

 

Membership of Associations and Certificates  

 

• Singapore Business Federation 

• Association of Catalist Companies 

• Singapore Chinese Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry 

 


 

6 | P a g e 

 

GOVERNANCE &amp; SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

 

The Company has established policies for matters such as Conflict of Interest and Whistle-blowing in order to maintain a high 

standard of corporate governance and in having effective corporate practices to safeguard against fraud, with the aim of protecting 

shareholders’ interests as well as maximising long term success of the Group.  The Company has adopted a risk management 

framework to identify, review and manage key risks arising from the management and operations of the Group’s operating 

segments. 

 

Conflict of interest policy 

 

The conflict of interest policy is embedded under the Company’s Employee Handbook.  All of our staff, including key management, 

are required to make yearly declarations to the Group on their interest (either directly or indirectly) with any of the stakeholders of 

the Group. 

 

Whistle-blowing policy 

 

The Company has adopted a whistleblowing policy which is made known to our stakeholders.  The stakeholders may, in confidence, 

raise concerns about improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters by submitting a whistle-blowing report via an 

independent email maintained by an outsourced service provider. 

 

Sustainability Approach 

 

On day-to-day basis, we constantly evaluate the expectations of our stakeholders either through informal or formal means in order 

to create mutual beneficial relationships.  The expectations of our stakeholders would be the areas emphasised by us during our 

strategy setting. 

 


 

7 | P a g e 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

We regularly engage with our stakeholders to better understand their thoughts and feedback.  The feedback will be incorporated 

into our planning and actions whenever appropriate and relevant to our business. 

Our Key 

Stakeholders  

Engagement Activities  

Key topics 

Customers 

 Enquiry and feedback channels 

 Quality of products 

 After sales services 

Sub-contractors/ 

Suppliers 

 Quotations 

 Periodic discussion 

 Supplier evaluation 

 Compliance with terms and conditions of purchasing policies and 

procedures 

 Maintain ethical standards 

Employees 

 Induction and orientation program  

 Staff appraisal 

 Internal memo  

 Training 

 

 Staff rights and welfare  

 Personal development  

 Working environment 

Investors 

 Annual general meetings  

 Circulars to shareholders for corporate 

action which require shareholders’ 

approval 

 Profitability  

 Transparency  

 Timely reporting  

 Fair purchasing practices 

Government and 

Regulators 

 Discussions with government agencies 

and regulators 

 Environmental-friendly business approach  

 Compliance with regulations  

 Timely reporting and resolution of issues 

 


 

8 | P a g e 

 

MATERIAL TOPICS

 

Based on inputs gathered from our ongoing internal 

and external stakeholder engagement process, we 

have reviewed and revisited the Economic, Social 

and Governance (“ESG”) factors which were of the 

most significant interests of our stakeholders.  

 

Apart from the 4 material topics identified in the 

financial year ended 31 December 2017 (“FY 2017”), 

we had decided to add in training and education as 

an additional 

material topic in our second 

sustainability report.  The table summarises the 

material topics reported and their corresponding GRI 

disclosure framework reference number. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Material topics 

Description 

Page Reference 

Economic Performance 

Business performance and 

efforts/commitment in 

achieving greater results 

9 

Anti-corruption and Anti-

bribery 

Policies and measures in place 

for anti-corruption and anti-

bribery 

10 

Environmental Compliance 

Measures in place to comply 

with environmental 

regulations 

11 

Employment 

Hiring policies and staff 

benefits 

12 

Training and Education 

Internal and/or external 

trainings provided to 

employees in developing work 

skill and career advancement 

12 


 

9 | P a g e 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

Economic performance is very important to stakeholders, particularly to investors, as economic performance provides them with a 

return on their investment.  In addition, other stakeholders such as employees are also deemed to benefit from such performance.  

Thus, economic performance has been ranked as one of the material topics for stakeholders. 

 

In order to generate tangible value for our stakeholders, the Group has strived to maintain sustainable profits for the Group.  The 

Board has proposed a first and final tax-exempt cash dividend of 0.3 Singapore cents per share for the FY2018. 

 

Financial Highlights 

 

Summary of 

results 

Financial Year Ended 

Changes 

Notes 

2017 

2018 

Revenue 

S$17.6 million 

S$2.4 million 

Decrease by 

86.5% 

The year-on-year decline in revenue was due to the completion of 

various projects in FY2017.  FY2018’s gross loss was mainly due to 

additional costs for prior years’ projects due to final settlement.  The 

net attributable loss in FY2018 was mainly due to higher foreign 

exchange losses mainly from the weakening of the Australian Dollar 

against the Singapore Dollar, mitigated by the significant 

contribution from the share of results of associates.  For more 

information, please refer to the Company’s Annual Report 2018 – 

Operations and Financial Review.  

Gross profit/ 

(loss) 

S$11.7 million 

(S$0.1 million) Decrease by 

100.9% 

Net 

attributable 

profit/(loss) 

S$5.6 million 

(S$0.6 million) Decrease by 

110.7% 

 

The Group considers the stakeholders’ emphasis on the Group’s economic performance.  While the Group strives to maximise the 

stakeholders’ short and long term value, we ensure there will be adequate due diligence processes and adopt a disciplined 

investment and project selection approach. 

 

 

 


 

10 | P a g e 

 

Subsequent reporting for financial year ended 31 December 2019 (“FY2019”) 

 

For FY2019, we aim to maintain our financial stability and generate positive returns to our stakeholders by exploring other options 

and viability in related fields. 

 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION AND ANTI-BRIBERY 

 

The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to ensure accountability and transparency in 

conducting our business.  The Group has established policies and procedures in place to safeguard against fraud and protect the 

interests of our stakeholders.  A risk management framework has been adopted to identify, review and manage key risks arising 

from the management and operations of the Group’s operating segments. 

 

We have complied with the principles and guidelines set out in the Code of Corporate Governance 2012 and the SGX Listing Rules.  

We also perform regular monitoring, evaluation and auditing of our internal policies and procedures to ensure our activity complies 

with the existing regulatory requirements. 

 

The Board provides guidance and oversees the matters relating to corporate governance.  Please refer to the Corporate 

Governance section in the Annual Report for more information. 

 

In our call to advocate good governance within the Group, we have also formalised and established a Conflict of Interest Policy and 

a Whistleblowing Policy. The Conflict of Interest policy is embedded under the Group’s Employee Handbook.  All of our staff, 

including key management is required to make yearly declarations to the Group on their interest (either directly or indirectly) with 

any of the stakeholders of the Group.  The Whistleblowing Policy has been put in place for our employees and other stakeholders to 

report any concerns or complaints regarding any irregularities, improprieties, non-compliances or wrongdoings by management or 

staff in the course of their work. 

 

 


 

11 | P a g e 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY 2019 

 

In FY2018, there was no reported instances of inappropriate business activities across our business.  Likewise, we seek to maintain 

our good track record of zero incidents in the upcoming year. 

 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

 

Figtree remains dedicated to our responsibility to protect the environment by complying with environmental laws and regulations, 

which contributes towards a cleaner, greener and healthier environment.  We strive to introduce and promote environmental-

friendly solutions to our customers.  To name a few, properties under our portfolio are designed with extensive green features 

through passive and active strategies with holistic approach, provision of energy efficient Variant Refrigerant Flow air-conditioning 

system, energy efficient LED lights and lighting system. 

 

The Group and its subsidiary, Figtree Projects Pte Ltd (“Figtree Projects”), have also adopted the Green and Gracious Builder 

Scheme (“GGBS”) program spearheaded by Building and Construction Authority (“BCA”) and Green Mark.  The adoption of this 

initiative by the Group involves operational implementation of industry good practices by Figtree Projects in order to ensure that 

both the Group and Figtree Projects are operating well above mandatory environmental compliance. 

 

Figtree Projects is an ISO 14001 certified entity since 2014 and is currently certified as GGBS Merit-Contractor.  With concern for our 

environment and taking product life cycle analysis into consideration, we have adopted the BCA’s Green Mark Scheme as an 

initiative to shape a more environmental friendly and sustainable built environment.  Below are the awarded projects undertaken 

by Figtree Projects: 

 


 

12 | P a g e 

 

1. 

BCA Green Mark Award 2013 (Gold Plus) – Second Development Pte Ltd for Menlo Logistic Hub 

2. 

BCA Green Mark Award 2014 (Gold Plus) – Tech-Link Storage Engineering Pte Ltd for KWE Singapore Logistics Centre 

3. 

BCA Green Mark Award 2015 (Platinum) – Figtree Projects Pte Ltd Head Office (Office Interior - Version 1.1) 

4. 

BCA Green Mark Award 2015 (Platinum) – Development 8 Pte Ltd for LF Logistics Centre 

5. 

BCA Green Mark Award 2017 (Gold Plus) – Hankyu Hanshin Logistics Centre 

 

It is important that the Group consistently operate in a sustainable manner in line with our role in the environment.  There was no 

reported incident of non-compliance to environmental laws and regulations in the reporting period. 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY 2019 

 

We aim to maintain this healthy record of zero non-compliance to all relevant environmental laws and regulations in the countries 

which our major operations are in. 

 

 

EMPLOYMENT, TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

 

We believe the success of our business is driven by our talented and dedicated employees.  Our people are the core of our business 

and also the key to achieve long term sustainable business goals. 

 

We are committed to create a fair and inclusive working environment with a set of rigorous employment policies and procedures in 

place.  We ensure that key performance indicators and performance targets are clearly discussed and communicated to employees 

to align their contributions to Figtree’s business goals. 

 

 


 

13 | P a g e 

 

Employee turnover: 

Region 

Female (FY 2017) 

 Female (FY 2018) 

Male (FY 2017) 

Male (FY 2018) 

Singapore 

14.29% 

- 

8.70% 

9.52% 

 

New employee hires: 

Age range 

Female (FY 2017) 

Female (FY 2018) 

Male (FY 2017) 

Male (FY 2018) 

30 and below 

1 

- 

- 

- 

31- 50 

1 

- 

- 

- 

51 and above 

- 

- 

- 

- 

 

By category: 

Age range 

Female (FY 2017) 

Female (FY 2018) 

Male (FY 2017) 

Male (FY 2018) 

Management level 

and above 

2 

2 

14 

12 

Executives 

4 

4 

9 

9 

General worker 

1 

1 

- 

- 

 

 


 

14 | P a g e 

 

By region: 

Employment Type 

Singapore 

Permanent  

100% 

Contract 

- 

 

Continuous development of skills and knowledge not only contributes to employee’s satisfaction but more skilled employees 

enhance their performance at work.  In FY2018, our employees had clocked a total of 633 hours of training and development 

programmes which translated to an average of 25.30 training hours per employee.  During the year, various internal and external 

training opportunities were offered to our employees, including: 

 

S/N 

Training and Development Programme 

1 

BIM Innovation Conference 

2 

Design for Safety Appreciation Course 

3 

Green and Gracious Builder Workshop 

4 

Workshop for construction professionals 

5 

Managing noise in construction site 

 

 


 

15 | P a g e 

 

 

S/N 

Training and Development Programme 

6 

Construction 3D Printing 

7 

Innovative Design and Construction of Composite Steel-Concrete Structures 

8 

Building Control Regulations for Site Supervisors 

9 

Oxygen Reduction System (Wagner) 

10 

Prevention of Amputations Seminar 

11 

Fire Safety Workshop 

12 

Ethics Fundamentals 

13 

Data Protection Act 

14 

Internal Auditor Training 

15 

Sustainability Reporting Workshop 

 

 


 

16 | P a g e 

 

In attracting talent, we strive to implement a non-discriminating employment practice and provide equal opportunities to talents 

regardless of gender, race, religion and disability as long as the candidate fulfils our job requirements.  We pay our employees fairly 

and carry out regular reviews to ensure that our compensation packages remain competitive.  

 

Figtree also go beyond labour regulations and statutory requirements to attract and retain talent.  Various benefits are provided to 

full-time employees, which includes the following: 

 

a) Work Injury Compensation Insurance 

b) Group Personal Accident Insurance 

c) Medical benefits 

d) Option of stock ownership under the Figtree Employee Share Option Scheme 

 

In addition to the minimum leave stated under Employment Act, the Group also provides parental leave for employees with 

children.  During the reporting period, 9 employees were entitled to parental leave.  5 male employees and 4 female employees 

have taken parental leave.  The employees are still employed under the Group as at 31 December 2018  

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY 2019 

 

The Group is committed to nurturing a performance-driven organisation by attracting, developing and retaining the right talent. In 

addition, the Group targets to maintain current level of average training hours per employee and continue to put in effort to 

facilitate various internal and external training for our employees.  The Group will continue to periodically review our employment 

policies and work towards a more inclusive workforce. 

 

 

 


 

17 | P a g e 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard/ Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for Omission, if any  

102-1 Name of the organisation  

Cover page 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

Page 4 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

Page 4 

102-4 Location of operations 

Page 4 

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

Page 4 

102-6 Markets served 

Page 4 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

Pages 4, 9 and Annual Report 2018 – Financial Statements: Balance Sheets 

102-8 Information on employees and other workers  

Page 14 

102-9 Supply chain  

Page 4 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

N/A. There were no significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain in 

FY2018. 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

Page 6 

102-12 External initiatives  

The Company has not subscribed nor endorsed any externally-developed 

economic, environmental and social charters, principles, or other initiatives. 

102-13 Membership of associations 

Page 5 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

Page 1 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

Page 4 

102-18 Governance structure 

Annual Report 2018 – Board of Directors 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

Page 7 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

N/A. None of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreement in 

FY2018. 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Page 7 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Page 7 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

Page 8 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Annual Report 2018 – Corporate Structure 

 

 

 


 

18 | P a g e 

 

 

GRI Standard/ Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for Omission, if any  

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Page 3 

102-47 List of material topics 

Page 8 

102-48 Restatements of information 

N/A. There were no restatements of information. 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

N/A. There were no changes in reporting. 

102-50 Reporting period 

Page 3 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

14 November 2018 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

Page 3 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Page 3 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

Page 3 

102-55 GRI content index 

Pages 17 to 18 

102-56 External assurance 

Page 3 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Pages 8 to 16 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Page 9 to 16 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Page 9 to 16 

201-1 Direct Economic value generated and distributed 

Page 9 and Annual Report – Financial Statements: Consolidated Income 

Statements 

205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

Page 10 

205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures 

Page 10 

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

Page 11 

307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations 

Page 12 

401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover 

Page 13 

401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary 

or part time employees 

Page 16 

401-3 Parental leave 

Page 16 

404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee 

Page 14 

404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance program 

Pages 14 to 15 

 

 

 

