


 

FIGTREE HOLDINGS LIMITED 

Sustainability Report 2019 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

 

 

      Content 

 

01 

Message from the Board 

03 

About this report 

04  Organisational Profile 

06  Governance and Sustainability Approach 

07 

Stakeholder Engagement  

09 

Material Topics 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10 

Economic Performance 

11 

Anti-Corruption and Anti Bribery 

12  Environmental Compliance 

13 

Employment, Training and Education 

17 

GRI Content Index 

 


 

1 | P a g e 

 

MESSAGE FROM THE BOARD 

 

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

 

We are pleased to present Figtree Holdings Limited’s (“Figtree” or the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries and associates, the 

“Group”) annual sustainability report which renews our pledge to providing sustainable, equitable growth for all our stakeholders. 

We demonstrate these commitments through our initiatives and achievements on Environmental, Social, and Governance (“ESG”) 

topics for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (“FY2019”). 

 

In line with our vision, the Figtree Board of Directors (the “Board”), and senior management is committed to all of our stakeholders, 

from employees, investors, suppliers and customers, to regulators, environment and the greater community at-large and we will 

continue to strive to be a leader in value-add whilst taking into consideration the needs of all stakeholders.  

 

This year has been a challenging year not only for the Group but on the global front as well. With climate change being dubbed by 

the United Nations as ‘the defining issue of our time’ and growing income inequality as a threat to social stability, we seek to make 

positive contributions with our innovative and green designs and commitment to transparency.  

 

We have made great progress in designing and constructing eco-friendly projects earning several Building and Construction Authority 

(“BCA”) Green Mark Awards in recent years for achieving a high level of excellence in constructing buildings that meet stringent 

criteria in energy efficiency, sustainable construction, enhanced performance, etc. 

 

In addition to environmental sustainability, the Company is proud to announce that it had in 2019 secured a S$43.53 million contract 

to design and build a 6-storey food processing facility in Singapore. Not only does this provide the Company with a steady revenue 

stream till completion in 2021, once completed the facility would contribute significantly to food security in the region. 

 

 

 


 

2 | P a g e 

 

MESSAGE FROM THE BOARD (cont’d) 

We would like to give special thanks to all our stakeholders especially to our dedicated employees, who are the core of our business, 

for their unwavering support and contributions to our Company’s prosperity. Without them, we would not be where we are today.  

 

The Board and senior management commit to double down our efforts to promote sustainable growth through green initiatives and 

designs. We also remain committed in maximising the economic, social and environmental gains for all stakeholders, constructing 

greener and brighter futures. 

 

 

 

By the Board of Figtree Holdings Limited 

 

 

 

 


 

3 | P a g e 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

Figtree aims to incorporate sustainability as one of our key pillars for future growth. This report intends to demonstrate our 

commitment to that objective and all our stakeholders, by documenting our sustainability approach, efforts and performance in a 

transparent and fair manner. This report covers the operations of the Group located in Singapore from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 

2019. 

 

In our previous report, we took reference from the latest Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: Core Option for its vigorous 

principles and representation of international best practices; and would continue utilising that as the foundation of our future reports.  

In the preparation of our reports, we have aligned our disclosures with the requirements of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Rules 711A and 711B.  

 

As an extension of this report, we have reviewed and included the principles of stakeholder inclusiveness, sustainability context, 

materiality and completeness to put together an extensive report for our stakeholders. In maintaining a high level of excellence, we 

applied the GRI principles of accuracy, balance, clarity, comparability, reliability and timeliness. We invite readers to refer to the GRI 

Content Index for a comprehensive summary of our report. No external assurance was sought for this report. 

 

Accessibility 

 

We would not be distributing physical copies of this sustainability report, as part of our environmental conservation effort towards a 

paperless office. This sustainability report will be publicly accessible through our Company’s website: https://www.figtreeasia.com 

as well as on Singapore Exchange Network (“SGXNET”). 

 

Report Contact and Feedback 

 

We promote active engagement with all stakeholders.  Please address all feedback to: info@figtreeasia.com or mail us at our 

headquarters:  8 Jalan Kilang Barat #03-01 Central-Link, Singapore 159351. 

 


 

4 | P a g e 

 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

Background 

 

Incorporated in 2009 and headquartered in Singapore, Figtree Holdings Limited remains a steadfast provider for comprehensive 

specialised design and build solutions of commercial and industrial facilities. Expanding from our humble beginnings in Singapore, our 

operations grew to include property development, Addition &amp; Alteration (“A&amp;A”) works on existing buildings as well as refurbishment 

and upgrading of existing buildings. Our dedicated team of professionals covers the entire spectrum of the development process, 

providing clients with extensive, effective solutions. Venturing abroad, Figtree currently has property developments and investments 

in our key markets in Australia, China, and locally in Singapore.  

 

 

 




 

5 | P a g e 

 

Supply Chain Management 

 

When selecting sub-contractors, we have adopted ISO standards with regards to purchasing and procurement, for uniformity and 

ensuring our selection policy is in line with industry best practices. 

 

We follow an optimised Just-In-Time (“JIT”) model by engaging sub-contractors on project basis. This rewards us with the flexibility 

to actively evaluate and select sub-contractors, encouraging them to remain competitive and produce consistent quality work. 

 

Our policy requires prospective sub-contractors to undergo a rigorous selection, review and approval process based on a range of 

criteria tailored to each project. Sub-contractors are assessed based on pricing, track-record, financial capability and size, among 

other considerations. 

 

External Initiatives  

 

The Group remains committed in supporting the most vulnerable in our society. In addition to encouraging employees to actively 

volunteer at charities, the Group has donated to the Care Community Ltd, which provides a wide range of services ranging from 

counselling services, to family and elderly welfare, and medical assistance to Singaporeans in need. 

 

Membership of Associations and Certificates  

 

• Singapore Business Federation 

• Association of Listed Companies 

• Singapore Chinese Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry 


 

6 | P a g e 

 

GOVERNANCE &amp; SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

 

Our Company has established policies for matters such as Conflict of Interest and Whistle-blowing in order to maintain a high standard 

of corporate governance and in having effective corporate practices as part of our dedication to transparency, accountability and to 

safeguard against fraud and corruption, with the aim of protecting shareholders’ interests as well as maximising long term success of 

the Group. The Company has adopted a risk management framework to identify, review and manage key risks arising from the 

management and operations of the Group’s operating segments. 

 

Conflict of interest policy 

 

The conflict of interest policy is embedded within our Company’s Employee Handbook. All of our staff, including key management, 

are required to make annual declarations to the Group on their interest (either directly or indirectly) with any of the stakeholders of 

the Group as part of our commitment to transparency.  

 

Whistle-blowing policy 

 

Our Company has implemented a whistleblowing policy which is made known to all our stakeholders. This policy is stated clearly on 

both our Company’s website and Annual Reports, including a hotline number and email maintained by an independent outsourced 

service provider. The stakeholders may, in confidence, raise concerns about improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other 

matters by submitting a whistle-blowing report. 

 

Sustainability Approach 

 

We value all our stakeholders and constantly evaluate their expectations through both formal or informal means in order to create 

mutually beneficial relationships. The expectations of our stakeholders would be emphasised during our strategy settings, and is 

included in our goal setting. We also aim to increase engagement with sub-contractors with regards to Health, Safety and 

Environmental (“HSE”) aspects, to increase awareness on the importance of working towards greater HSE goals for a sustainable 

future. 

 


 

7 | P a g e 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

We promote a pro-active stakeholder engagement approach, engaging with stakeholders on a regular basis to better understand 

their 

concerns 

and 

feedback. 

In 

addition, 

we 

encourage 

stakeholders 

to 

provide 

constructive 

criticism 

at 

https://www.figtreeasia.com/contact. 




 

8 | P a g e 

 

Our Key 

Stakeholders  

Engagement Activities  

Key topics 

Customers 

 Enquiry and feedback channels 

 Project quotations 

 Project quality assurance 

 Post sales enquiries 

Sub-contractors/ 

Suppliers 

 Quotations 

 Periodic discussion 

 Supplier evaluation 

 Project details enquiries 

 Bidding criteria 

 HSE standards 

Employees 

 Induction and orientation program  

 Staff appraisal 

 Internal memo  

 Training 

 Staff benefits  

 Personal growth and development 

 Working environment 

Investors 

 Annual General Meetings (AGM) 

 Circulars to shareholders for corporate 

action 

 SGX Announcements 

 Profits and growth 

 Transparency  

 Status of on-going projects and outlook of future projects 

 Equitable trade practices 

Government and 

Regulators 

 Discussions with government agencies 

and regulators 

 Environmental-friendly business approach  

 Compliance with regulations  

 Timely reporting and resolution of issues 

Local Community 

 Enquiries and feedback channel 

 Environmental concern 

 Noise concerns 

 Construction duration 

 

 

 


 

9 | P a g e 

 

MATERIAL TOPICS

 

By listening to our stakeholders’ feedbacks and 

concerns for more details and depths regarding 

Sustainable Growth and Business Continuity, we have 

reviewed and assessed the ESG factors which were of 

significant interest of our stakeholders. 

 

We have decided to continue with the 5 material topics 

identified in the financial year ended 31 December 

2018 (“FY2018”) and to increase the amount of 

information relating to each material topic.  

 

The table summarises the material topics reported and 

their 

corresponding 

GRI 

disclosure 

framework 

reference number. 

 

 

 

 

Material topics (GRI) 

Description 

Page Reference 

Economic Performance  

(GRI 201) 

Business performance 

and efforts/ 

commitment in 

achieving greater results 

10 

Anti-corruption and 

Anti-bribery (GRI 205) 

Policies and measures in 

place for anti-corruption 

and anti-bribery 

11 

Environmental 

Compliance (GRI 307) 

Measures in place to 

comply with 

environmental 

regulations 

12 

Employment (GRI 401) 

Hiring policies and staff 

benefits 

13-16 

Training and Education 

(GRI 404) 

Internal and/ or external 

trainings provided to 

employees in developing 

work skill and career 

advancement 

15 


 

10 | P a g e 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

Economic performance is the most important indicator to many of our stakeholders, as this provides them with a gauge on the 

stability and growth potential of the Group. Customers, sub-contractors, suppliers, employees and investors are vested in the 

Company’s future and on-going concern. 

 

We want to support those who believed and have invested in us. With that, we have proposed a one-time dividend of S$0.003 per 

share in FY2019 (FY2018: S$0.003 per share). 

 

Financial Highlights 

 

Summary of results 

Financial Year Ended 

Changes 

Notes 

2018 

2019 

Revenue 

S$2.4 million 

S$10.8 million Not meaningful 

More than fourfold increase in revenue was mainly 

attributed to Tiong Lian Food Pte Ltd (“TLF”) project, 

which commenced construction in the third quarter of 

FY2018. The revenue increase with the associated 

increase in cost resulted in the corresponding increase 

of gross profits. 

The decrease in net attributable loss was largely due to 

the sale of the Group’s 303 La Trobe development 

project in Melbourne, Australia, which was completed 

on 15 April 2019, partially offset by the Group’s share 

of losses from associates arising from the loss on 

disposal of indirect associate DP-Master-Vibrant 

(Jiangyin) Real Estate Development Co., Ltd in February 

2019, coupled with operational costs from ongoing 

development projects. 

Gross (loss)/profit 

(S$0.1 million) 

S$0.4 million Increase by S$0.5 

million from negative 

to positive 

Net attributable loss 

(S$0.6 million) (S$0.05 million) Decrease in loss by 

91.7% 


 

11 | P a g e 

 

 

We recognise the stakeholders’ focus on the Group’s economic performance and growth. The Group continues to strive in balancing 

stakeholders’ short- and long-term expectations with due diligence in our project selection approach. 

 

Performance review in FY2019 and Subsequent Reporting for Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”) 

 

Our Group managed to partially meet our FY2019 targets of achieving positive returns for our stakeholders. We were able to generate 

positive gross profit, however these profits were unfortunately offset by higher operational costs and losses on disposals resulting in 

a net attributable loss. For FY2020, we remain committed to achieving positive returns and financial stability with our projects on-

hand, by continuing to implement stringent project management and sound corporate governance amid the escalating Covid-19 

epidemic. Despite being in a healthy cash position, we will continue to exercise a cautious and prudent approach whilst remaining on 

a lookout for opportunities in our Group’s key markets of Australia, China and Singapore to drive the next phase of growth. 

 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION AND ANTI-BRIBERY 

 

In continuing our tradition of Accountability, Integrity, Transparency and Security to our stakeholders when conducting business as 

part of maintaining the ‘Gold Standard’ of corporate governance, the Board has established policies and procedures, which are 

reviewed regularly against industry leading practices to safeguard the interests of our stakeholders. Please refer to the “Corporate 

Governance Report” section in the annual report for more information. 

 

Figtree is also proud of our risk management framework that we established to identify, review and manage key risks arising from 

the management and operations of the Group’s operating segments. In addition to complying with the principles and guidelines set 

out in the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 and the SGX Listing Rules, we also evaluated our internal controls and procedures on 

a regular basis, performing both test of controls and substantive tests to check that our activities adhere with existing regulatory 

requirements as well as safeguarding our stakeholders’ interests. 

 


 

12 | P a g e 

 

Adding on to our commitment towards continued good governance practices within the Group, we have reviewed our Conflict of 

Interest and Whistleblowing Policy within our employee handbook and website. All our staff, including key management are required 

to make yearly declarations to the Group on their interest (either directly or indirectly) with any of the stakeholders of the Group.  

We also encourage all stakeholders to use our independently managed, whistleblowing avenues if the need arises to voice their 

concerns or complaints regarding any perceived irregularities, improprieties, non-compliances or wrongdoings by management or 

staff in the course of their work.   

 

Performance Review in FY2019 and Subsequent Reporting for FY2020 

 

We are pleased to announce that for FY2019, we have achieved our targets with no reported instances of inappropriate business 

activities across our business. Likewise, we aim to maintain our perfect track record of zero incidents in the upcoming year. 

 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

 

At Figtree, we believe in commitment and going beyond compliance when it comes to protecting the environment. As responsible 

stewards of the environment, we focus our innovative designs to not only comply with environmental laws regulations, but to go 

much further in reducing our carbon footprint with the development of eco-friendly sustainable buildings. 

 

A testament to our commitment to sustainable development comes from putting the environment above profits. We believe that 

through continuous advancement of green technology, there would be additional avenues for future sustained growth. Some 

environmental-friendly designs that we have implemented for our customers include using a holistic approach to innovate and design 

extensive green features such as the provision of energy efficient Variant Refrigerant Flow air-conditioning system for ventilation and, 

energy efficient LED lights and lighting system. These designs not only reduces emissions, but also reduces our customers’ or its 

tenants’ utility costs for years to come. 

 

Figtree Projects Pte Ltd (“Figtree Projects”) is proud to be an ISO 14001 certified entity, in line with international standards for an 

effective environmental management for 5 years since 2014 and to be certified as Green and Gracious Builder Scheme (“GGBS”) 


 

13 | P a g e 

 

Merit-Contractor.  The Group has also adopted the GGBS program spearheaded by BCA and Green Mark.  The Group has developed 

award winning buildings for meeting and exceeding stringent environmental standards with climate responsive designs, high building 

energy performance, resource stewardship, smart and healthy buildings with advanced green efforts. Below are some of Figtree 

Project’s award-winning building design projects: 

1. 

BCA Green Mark Award 2014 (Gold Plus) – Tech-Link Storage Engineering Pte Ltd for KWE Singapore Logistics Centre 

2. 

BCA Green Mark Award 2015 (Platinum) – Figtree Projects Pte Ltd Head Office (Office Interior - Version 1.1) 

3. 

BCA Green Mark Award 2015 (Platinum) – Development 8 Pte Ltd for LF Logistics Centre 

4. 

BCA Green Mark Award 2017 (Gold Plus) – Hankyu Hanshin Logistics Centre 

 

Performance Review in FY2019 and Subsequent Reporting for FY2020 

 

Figtree will continue innovating and ensuring that current and future projects continue the trend towards sustainable property 

development and net zero emissions. We aim to be good stewards of the environment, abiding by all relevant current and future 

environmental laws and regulations to the best of our ability. We have achieved our FY2019 target of zero reported incident of non-

compliance to environmental laws and regulations in the reporting period. We plan to continue this trajectory for the following year. 

 

 

EMPLOYMENT, TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

 

Our employees are the backbone and foundation of our business. When we provide the opportunities and resources for our 

employees to succeed, we as a company succeed. We remain committed to ensuring a conducive working environment for all our 

valued employees, providing opportunities for employees to thrive, progress and reach self-actualisation starting with a rigorous 

hiring process from identifying selected skill sets to comprehensive interviews ensuring that we hire capable employees, followed by 

transparent realisable performance targets, reviews and training programmes. 


 

14 | P a g e 

 

Observance  

Employee turnover: 

Region 

Female (FY 2018) 

Female (FY 2019) 

Male (FY 2018) 

Male (FY 2019) 

Singapore 

- 

28.57% 

9.52% 

10.53% 

 

New employee hires: 

Age range 

Female (FY 2018) 

Female (FY 2019) 

Male (FY 2018) 

Male (FY 2019) 

30 and below 

- 

- 

- 

- 

31- 50 

- 

2 

- 

- 

51 and above 

- 

- 

- 

- 

 

By category: 

Job Position 

Female (FY 2018) 

Female (FY 2019) 

Male (FY 2018) 

Male (FY 2019) 

Management level 

and above 

2 

2 

12 

12 

Executives 

4 

5 

9 

7 

General worker 

1 

- 

- 

- 

 


 

15 | P a g e 

 

We believe in investing in our employees. Training programmes not only improve the skills and knowledge of employees but also 

enhance their work satisfaction and productivity. Employees gain a sense of belonging, loyalty and self-actualisation knowing that 

the Company cares about them and is investing in their future.  

 

In FY2019, our employees have clocked a total of 567.5 hours of training, an average of 20.3 hours per female employee and 22.4 

hours per male employee. This was a small drop from the previous year’s total of 633 hours with an average of 25.30 hours per 

employee. Our employees have participated collectively in 25 different internal and external training programmes. Below are 5 

notable mentions that helped nurture transferable leadership, technical and information technological skills in our employees. 

 

S/N 

Training and Development Programmes 

1 

A Practical Guide to the Essential Financial Reporting Standards  

2 

Go Digital Leadership Forum - 5D BIM Cost Management 

3 

2019 MIDAS Technical Seminar 

4 

Registered Earthworks Supervisor Course 

5 

Driving Greater Productivity Through Innovation 

 

 


 

16 | P a g e 

 

Our employees also take on the role as brand ambassadors. We believe in recruiting and retaining the best talents through 

meritocracy, talent, dedication and hard work; regardless of race, age, gender, nationality, religion or disability.  

 

We offer flexibility, industry leading salaries and opportunities for employees to grow and realise their full potential through skills 

upgrading programmes, encouragement towards further education and periodic reviews for talent management. In attracting and 

retaining talent, Figtree also goes above and beyond the Ministry of Manpower labour regulations and statutory requirements, 

offering comprehensive benefits and compensation packages to all full-time employees. The benefits are clearly outlined in the 

employee handbook and include the following: 

 

1. Comprehensive work injury compensation insurance 

2. Group Personal Accident Insurance 

3. Medical reimbursements and benefits 

4. Company share options under the Figtree Employee Share Option Scheme 

5. Parental leave scheme 

 

At Figtree, we support working parents and we strongly encourage employees to fully utilise parental leave provided in their benefits 

to bond with their children. During the reporting period, 12 employees were entitled to parental leave.  7 male employees and 5 

female employees have taken parental leave, an increase from 5 male employees and 4 female employees.  11 of the 12 employees 

are still employed under the Group as at 31 December 2019, with a retainment rate of 91.7%.  

 

Performance Review in FY2019 and Subsequent Reporting for FY2020 

 

We are committed to maintaining a strong talent driven workforce. In supporting our employees’ growth, we aim to maintain or 

increase the current level of training hours per employee by further development of our training program through incorporating 

employee feedback to ensure the training provided are useful and engaging. The Group also pledges to incorporate more progressive 

employment policies through periodic review and development of strategies to increase diversity. We are committed to staff 

retention and to keep involuntary attrition as low as possible. 

 


 

17 | P a g e 

 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for Omission, if applicable 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016 

Organizational Profile 

102-1 Name of the organisation  

Cover Page 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

Page 4 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

Page 4 

102-4 Location of operations 

Page 4 

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

Page 4 

102-6 Markets served 

Page 4 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

Pages 4, 10 and Annual Report 2019 – Financial Statements: Balance 

Sheets 

102-8 Information on employees and other workers  

Pages 13, 14, 15 

102-9 Supply chain  

Page 5 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

N/A. There were no significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain in FY2019 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

Page 6 

102-12 External initiatives 

 

Our Company has not subscribed nor endorsed any externally-

developed economic, environmental and social charters, principles, 

or other initiatives. 

102-13 Membership of associations 

Page 5 

Strategy 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

Page 1 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

Page 4 

Governance 

102-18 Governance structure 

Annual Report 2019 – Board of Directors 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

Pages 7-8 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

N/A. None of our employees are covered by collective bargaining 

agreement in FY2019. 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Pages 7-8 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Pages 7-8 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

Pages 7-8 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Annual Report 2019 – Corporate Structure 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Page 3 


 

18 | P a g e 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for Omission, if applicable 

102-47 List of material topics 

Page 9 

102-48 Restatements of information 

N/A. There were no restatements of information. 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

N/A. There were no changes in reporting. 

102-50 Reporting period 

Page 3 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

30 May 2019 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

Page 3 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Page 3 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

Page 3 

102-55 GRI content index 

Pages 17-18 

102-56 External assurance 

Page 3 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Pages 9-16 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Pages 10-16 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Pages 10-16 

Economic Performance 

GRI 201: Economic 

Performance 2016 

201-1 Direct Economic value generated and distributed 

Pages 10-11 and Annual Report – Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Income Statements 

Anti-Corruption 

GRI 205: Anti-

Corruption 2016 

205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

Pages 11-12 

205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and 

procedures 

Pages 11-12 

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

Page 12 

Environmental Compliance 

GRI 307: 

environmental-

compliance 2016 

307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations 

Pages 12-13 

Employment 

GRI 401: 

Employment 2016 

401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover 

Pages 14-15 

401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to 

temporary or part-time employees 

Page 16 

401-3 Parental leave 

Page 16 

Training and Education 

GRI 404: Training 

and Education 2016 

404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee 

Page 15 

404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance 

program 

Page 15 

 

