




Established in 1992

Listed on SGX since 2007

Launched Policy on Sustainable 

Palm Oil in 2015

Sust ainabi l it y  R e p or t  2 0 1 8
















CONTENTS

02

CEO’s Message

04

Targets and Progress

06

Our Approach to Sustainability

14

Productivity

17

Conservation and Forest 

Management

23

Reducing Greenhouse

Gas Emissions

25

Water and Waste Management

28

Chemicals and Pesticides Usage

30

Community

34

Suppliers and Smallholders

38

Working Conditions

44

Customers

46

About this Report

47

GRI Content Index

54

Glossary of Terms


1

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018








2

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

CEO’S 

MESSAGE

Dear Stakeholders, 

It is my pleasure to present First Resources’ 2018 Sustainability 

Report. This is our fifth report communicating the company’s 

commitment, approach and progress towards sustainable 

business practices. 

WHAT SUSTAINABILITY MEANS AT FIRST 

RESOURCES

As we continue to grow and evolve as a company, sustainability 

and our responsibilities to our many stakeholders remain 

core to our business and the decisions we make every day. 

More than ever, we acknowledge that we live in a world 

of real constraints. Sustainability for us means looking 

beyond a narrow financial viewpoint, to understanding the 

interconnections between how we create and sustain value, 

and the changing social and environmental context in which 

we operate. 

As one of the leading palm oil producers in the region, we 

are committed to growing our business in a way that benefits 

society and protects the environment. This means balancing 

the sometimes contrasting needs of our stakeholders, which 

is not always simple. 

However, in order to advance on this journey, we are 

committed to understanding the needs of our stakeholders 

and evolving our approach accordingly by engaging and 

collaborating with them constructively. 

LOOKING BACK, CHALLENGES AND 

PERFORMANCE IN 2018

The year under review represented a challenging one for the 

industry as a whole and our business. Market conditions for 

palm oil commodities were less favourable in 2018, with the 

price for crude palm oil (CPO) reaching its lowest level in a 

decade during the year. The Group’s financial performance 

was inevitably affected and we saw lower profitability 

despite higher production volumes. Coupled with low prices, 

supply for CPO exceeded demand, sending a clear signal to 

producers like us to slow down expansion. We have taken the 

opportunity to focus on enhancing the productivity of our 

operations.

In 2018, we replanted approximately 1,000 hectares of our 

old oil palm trees, with about half of the planting materials 

coming from our own seed production unit. We have invested 

in research and development over the last ten years with 

the aim of developing planting materials that deliver higher 

yield and better resistance to diseases and extreme weather 

fluctuations. We estimate that these enhanced planting 

materials will yield more than 20% higher in comparison to 

the existing ones and we are excited by the overall increase in 

productivity that we can achieve as we continue to carry out 

our replanting programme over the next decade.




3

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

Our conservation and forest management efforts remain a 

high priority. No new developments have taken place on the 

approximately 20,000 hectares (or 20%) of our existing land 

bank identified as conservation areas. Furthermore, we have 

taken steps to engage the community beyond our operations 

on conservation, in line with our own commitments. In 2018, 

we worked with local conservation agencies to bring High 

Conservation Value (HCV) education programmes to local 

schools. We see this as an important step towards bringing 

the communities where we operate on our sustainability 

journey with us, by promoting understanding and appreciation 

of sustainability in the next generation.

On the social side, we took onboard the results of a labour 

and human rights pilot audit that was conducted in 2017 and 

made important headway in improving the working conditions 

of our workers. Crucial to this agenda is ensuring that the 

managers of our estates are adequately informed and trained 

on workers’ rights. Therefore, we introduced a socialisation 

and engagement programme that focuses on labour rights for 

both the local management team as well as our workers, and 

we plan to roll this across the organisation. 

With approximately 10% of our fresh fruit bunches (FFB) 

coming from third-party suppliers, we are also pleased to 

report progress in obtaining data required for tracing FFB to 

plantations. Taken together with the FFB supplies from our 

nucleus and plasma plantations, 98% of the FFB processed at 

our mills was traceable to estates in 2018. We are now very 

close to reaching our target of processing 100% traceable 

FFB by 2020 for our own mills. However, traceability is 

just the starting point. Following on from traceability, how 

we engage, monitor and support our suppliers to adopt 

sustainable practices in line with our policies is what will have 

the greatest impact. 

Widespread fires from illegal slash-and-burn land clearing 

practices are still of concern to many stakeholders, especially 

as 2019 is expected to be a year characterised by drier 

weather conditions. With new approaches towards fire 

prevention, the industry has seen vast improvements from 

the 2015 catastrophic forest fires causing the haze that 

blanketed much of Southeast Asia. However this issue has 

not gone away completely and there is a lot more work to be 

done to engage communities on fire prevention. 2019 will 

serve as a more challenging test for First Resources, as well 

as the wider industry, to evaluate the effectiveness of our fire 

prevention and management efforts. 

LOOKING AHEAD, OUR PRIORITIES GOING 

INTO 2019

Despite the challenging market conditions expected of 2019, 

First Resources remains steadfast on our commitments made 

in our Policy on Sustainable Palm Oil, now in its third year 

of implementation. Looking ahead, we have set targets for 

our sustainability ambition in 2019 (see page 4), in order to 

ensure that we continue to invest and make progress on our 

journey. 

In particular, I am enthusiastic about the exciting prospects 

that technology offers in transforming the industry. Although 

still at an early stage of development and adoption, technology 

is becoming increasingly affordable and accessible, and offers 

unique opportunities to tackle some of the sustainability 

challenges we face. For example, blockchain technology 

is being explored to streamline the traceability process, in 

addition to improving accuracy and timeliness of information 

from our suppliers. The industry has also embarked on the 

use of near real-time satellite imagery and data to help 

monitor various aspects of plantation operations – from 

early detection of forest fires, to the health of the trees 

and infrastructure conditions. These advancements will 

promote precision agriculture, enhancing our productivity 

and supporting our sustainability commitments. After all, 

one of the biggest challenges the agriculture sector faces is 

increasing production via enhanced productivity and not from 

hectarage growth. 

On behalf of First Resources, I would like to take the 

opportunity to share my sincere appreciation to our valued 

stakeholders who have supported and collaborated with us on 

our efforts. As we continue to address the challenges facing 

our business with our stakeholders, we remain heartened by 

the opportunities that a more sustainable palm oil industry 

presents. This report is an important exercise in transparency 

and accountability for First Resources. We hope you find it 

valuable. 

Ciliandra Fangiono

Chief Executive Officer

First Resources Limited


4

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

TARGETS 

AND PROGRESS

Material Issue 

Key Commitments

2018 Progress 

Future Targets

Community 

investment

• Invest in the communities we 

operate in to drive positive 

socio-economic impact 

• Allocated IDR 3 billion to 

support the education of 

children

• Repaired 85 kilometres (km) of 

roads and bridges

• Invested in water 

infrastructure benefitting over 

246 families

• Continue to invest in 

community development 

programmes centred on 

education, healthcare and 

infrastructure (ongoing)

Conservation and 

management of 

High Conservation 

Value (HCV) areas

• No development on HCV 

areas

• Continued to set aside HCV 

areas for conservation (a 

cumulative total of 4,543 

hectares identified as of 2018) 

• Ensure no development on 

HCV areas (ongoing)

Fire prevention 

and management

• No burning for new plantings 

and replantings

• Trained 169 community 

members from 10 villages 

in fire prevention and 

management

• Reach out to another nine 

villages on fire prevention and 

management in 2019

• Reduce the number of fire 

incidents which occurred in 

2018 

Labour conditions 

and human rights 

• Respect the human and 

workplace rights of all our 

employees, including contract 

and temporary workers

• Followed up on recommended 

actions that surfaced from a 

2017 labour and human rights 

pilot audit 

• Conduct another labour and 

human rights assessment in 

2019

Occupational 

health and safety

• Achieve zero fatalities

• Two fatalities in 2018

• Achieve zero fatalities 

(ongoing)

Peatland 

management

• No development on peatland 

of any depth

• Implement best management 

practices for existing 

plantations on peat 

• Continued to set aside 

peatland from development 

(since July 2015)

• Completed canal blocking 

at three estates and 

implemented other water 

management measures in 

accordance with directives 

from the Environmental and 

Forestry Ministry

• Ensure no development on 

peatland (ongoing)

• Complete canal blocking at 

another estate by 2019 

Productivity

• Continue to focus on 

yield improvements at our 

plantations

• Increased our nucleus FFB 

yield from 18.2 to 18.9 

tonnes per hectare 

• Increase nucleus FFB yield in 

2019

Protection of High 

Carbon Stock 

(HCS) forests

• No development on HCS 

forests

• Continued to set aside HCS 

forests from development 

(HCS assessments have 

been completed for all our 

development bank as of 2017) 

• Ensure no development on 

HCS forests (ongoing)

• Roll out an engagement 

programme in 2019 with 

local communities to create 

awareness on and obtain 

their support for HCS 

conservations


5

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

Material Issue 

Key Commitments

2018 Progress 

Future Targets

Regulatory 

compliance 

• Maintain zero incidences 

of non-compliance with 

regulations 

• Zero incidences of non-

compliance with regulations 

reported in 2018

• Maintain zero incidences 

of non-compliance with 

regulations (ongoing)

Rights of 

indigenous and 

local communities

• No development without Free, 

Prior and Informed Consent 

(FPIC)

• One land conflict lodged via 

the Roundtable on Sustainable 

Palm Oil (RSPO) grievance 

mechanism in 2018 which 

was eventually withdrawn 

after clarifications

• Continue to ensure all new 

developments follow the 

process of FPIC (ongoing)

Smallholder 

inclusiveness 

• Support smallholders by 

sharing sustainable best 

practices, providing technical 

assistance and including them 

in the Group’s supply chain 

• Partnered and supported 

more than 15,000 

smallholders on 30,713 

hectares of plasma oil palm 

plantations (an increase over 

2018)

• Increase the plasma plantation 

area and the number of 

smallholders being supported 

in 2019

• Organise smallholder 

engagement workshops in 

2019 to explain the Group’s 

sustainability policy and offer 

sustainability support 

Stakeholder 

engagement

• Maintain constructive and 

regular engagement with 

relevant stakeholders 

• Engaged with relevant 

stakeholders on key topics 

and concerns 

• Continue to address key 

stakeholder concerns and 

maintain constructive and 

regular engagement (ongoing)

Supply chain 

traceability and 

transparency

• Establish a traceable and 

transparent palm oil supply 

chain

• Maintained 100% traceability 

to the mills (achieved since 

2017)

• Achieved 98% traceability to 

plantation for First Resources’ 

mills in 2018

• Published a full list of our 

CPO and PK suppliers on our 

website

• Maintain 100% traceability to 

the mills (ongoing)

• Obtain 100% traceability 

to plantations for First 

Resources’ mills by 2020

• Improve the traceability 

disclosures on our website in 

2019

Sustainability 

certification 

• Achieve 100% RSPO 

certification by 2024

• Achieve 100% ISPO 

certification by 2020

• Achieved 10% RSPO 

certification as of 2018

• Achieved 49% ISPO 

certification as of 2018

• Obtain RSPO certifications for 

another two mills in 2019 

• Obtain ISPO certifications for 

another three plantations in 

2019

Other: Pest 

management and 

chemical usage

• Adopt agronomic best 

practices in pest management 

and stopping the use of 

paraquat by 2019

• Gradually reduced the use of 

paraquat in 2018

• Completely phase out the use 

of paraquat by 2019


6

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

LOYALTY 

We are committed to growing our business and 

fulfilling our obligations to our stakeholders, 

including our employees, business partners, 

customers and shareholders.

INTEGRITY 

We are guided by strong corporate governance 

and good business ethics to build a foundation 

of trust, reliability and honesty. 

DILIGENCE

We are focused on delivering results and 

achieving our goals while maintaining high 

standards throughout our operations. 

PERSISTENCE

We have a can-do attitude in facing challenges 

and we seek to achieve industry best practices 

in our operations.

CARE 

We value relationships and we seek to establish 

long-term partnerships with our people, 

customers, suppliers and the communities we 

operate in.

As an agricultural business, sustainability is integral to First 

Resources’ operations. We understand that our long-term 

success relies on the ongoing health of the environment we 

depend on, as well as the well-being of the stakeholders we 

interact with. 

The principle of sustainability is implicit within the core values 

that guide our decision-making and behaviour at every level. 

OUR POLICY ON SUSTAINABLE PALM OIL 

We strive to ensure that our operations create sustainable 

development by taking into account the needs of our 

stakeholders and maintaining the highest social and 

environmental standards. In 2015, we launched our Policy 

on Sustainable Palm Oil, which codifies commitments to “No 

Deforestation, No Peat and No Exploitation”, also referred to 

as our NDPE policy. 

Our policy statement includes the following commitments:

Environmental management

• No development on High Carbon Stock (HCS) forests, 

High Conservation Value (HCV) or peat areas.

• Adopt agronomic best practices to minimise our 

environmental impact, which includes soil, waste and pest 

management.

• Develop plans to progressively reduce greenhouse gas 

(GHG) emissions in our operations.

• Observe a strict zero-burning policy in new developments 

and replanting areas.

Community engagement and development

• Respect the rights of indigenous and local communities to 

give or withhold their Free, Prior and Informed Consent 

(FPIC) for the utilisation of land.

• Resolve conflicts in an open, transparent and consultative 

manner.

• Drive positive socio-economic impacts for people and 

communities through job creation and investments in 

plasma projects and community development programmes.

Employee relations and workplace

• Respect the workplace rights of all our employees, 

including contract and casual workers.

• Prohibit the use of forced, trafficked or child labour, and 

any discrimination, harassment or abuse of our employees.

• Provide a safe and healthy workplace environment for all 

our employees.

Traceable and transparent supply chain

• Suspend sourcing from suppliers found to be engaged 

in the development of HCS, HCV or peat areas, in the 

use of fires during land preparations or in the exploitation 

of local communities, and who do not take immediate 

remedial actions.

• Maintain constant engagement with suppliers with the 

aim of developing a responsible supply chain.

• Establish a traceable and transparent palm oil supply chain.

OUR APPROACH

TO SUSTAINABILITY


7

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

“Neste believes in stakeholder 

engagement, including the 

engagement with our raw 

material suppliers. As First 

Resources has been one of our 

suppliers for many years and we have 

built a good relationship between 

the companies, we invited First 

Resources in December 2017 to help 

us trial our renewed sustainability 

auditing system. A comprehensive trial 

audit was conducted at one of First 

Resources’ mills, together with 

our implementation partner. We 

are thankful for First Resources’ spirit 

of cooperation and their commitment 

to continuously improve their practices 

including their supply chain. We would 

also like to commend their commitment 

towards increasing transparency. 

In 2018, we invited the First 

Resources’ team to share their audit 

experiences with other participants 

at our annual supplier workshop, which 

is an event we organise annually for 

our suppliers. Such dialogue and 

sharing amongst growers benefit the 

oil palm sustainability progress of all 

participants and the industry as a 

whole.” 

Adrian Suharto, Head, Stakeholder Engagement,  

Neste Singapore Pte Ltd 

IMPLEMENTING OUR POLICY ON 

SUSTAINABLE PALM OIL

Our Policy on Sustainable Palm Oil communicates the social 

and environmental standards we expect to be upheld across 

our operations, including our subsidiaries and associated 

companies, as well as our third-party suppliers. 

We remain mindful of our ongoing task to translate our policy 

commitments into action on the ground. As a key player in 

the Indonesian palm oil sector, we recognise that achieving a 

more sustainable business requires looking beyond our own 

operations where we have direct control and collaborating 

with our suppliers and business partners to achieve our 

commitments. 

We engage and train all relevant employees on the policy and 

provide additional support on social and environmental issues 

for key areas of the business. We socialise the policy with all our 

suppliers, through our supplier onboarding process, one-on-

one meetings or group sessions to help them understand our 

commitments and the importance of aligning their practices 

with our requirements. To date, feedback from participating 

suppliers has generally been supportive and constructive. For 

more on our engagement with our suppliers, please see the 

section on Suppliers and Smallholders. 

We also work with our customers to improve our practices. 

In 2018, we focused on addressing the findings and 

recommendations from mill verification visits that were 

conducted by our customers in 2017. These verification visits 

included a review of our mills’ legal compliance, environmental 

practices, traceability of fresh fruit bunches (FFB) and crude 

palm oil (CPO), labour practices (including health and safety 

policies), grievance and whistleblowing mechanisms, as 

well as plasma and community development programmes. 

While these assessments resulted in generally positive 

reports on our operations, it also highlighted areas where 

we could improve on. We continue to use the findings and 

recommendations resulting from such assessments to review 

our management practices and ensure that we are adopting a 

culture of continuous improvement.


8

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

Investigation

Verification

Implementation  

and monitoring

Action plan

Preliminary validation

Fact finding

Is grievance valid?

Complaint and evidence received from stakeholders through 

media reports, whistle blowing  or grievance mechanism

Internal/external grievance?

Development of action plan

Continuous engagement with external  

parties (constructive feedback provided)

Internal

Invalid

Implementation &amp; monitoring of progress

Monitoring of progress

Resolution/settlement

Case closed

Clarify with complainant and close 

case with explanation

Documentation kept  

for records

External

Valid

MONITORING AND GRIEVANCE PROCEDURE

We have also set up a robust system to ensure that practices 

and performance related to our policies can be monitored 

and reported. We have two distinct mechanisms for reporting 

concerns or complaints: our whistleblowing procedure and 

our grievance procedure. Both mechanisms are open to 

external and internal stakeholders.

Whistleblowing Procedure

Our whistleblowing procedure is designed to ensure that 

employees and business partners have a safe, anonymous 

and straightforward channel to alert us to concerns, non-

compliances or grievances. The system makes use of easy-

access tools, including anonymous complaints boxes in 

estates, SMS, phone and email services. Complaints raised 

through these channels are generally handled locally but can 

be escalated to the Audit Committee where material. First 

Resources does not tolerate nor condone any actions taken 

against any employee in retaliation for raising a compliance or 

integrity issue. The Company may institute disciplinary action 

against any party found to have taken such retaliatory action 

against whistleblowers.

Anyone wishing to make a whistleblowing report may refer to 

the details on our website.

Grievance Procedure

We also have a grievance procedure in place for stakeholders 

to register sustainability-related concerns, particularly with 

regard to our Policy on Sustainable Palm Oil, such as those 

related to deforestation, land disputes, human rights or 

general labour issues. 

Our philosophy is to work collaboratively and constructively 

with all our stakeholders. We want stakeholders to engage us 

directly with their concerns, so that these can be investigated 

and addressed through remediation, if necessary, as quickly 

as possible. In this regard, we appreciate and welcome 

stakeholders, including non-governmental organisations 

(NGOs), to engage positively with us and help us to address 

gaps in our operations.

Our grievance list consists of cases that have been brought 

to our attention through media reports, stakeholder feedback, 

buyers’ grievance mechanism, our own grievance procedure 

and the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO). We aim 

to communicate transparently on grievances and complaints 

that have been raised as well as report our progress towards 

resolving them. Our grievance list is updated regularly and 

available on our website.

GRIEVANCE PROCEDURE


9

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

Chief Executive 

Officer (CEO)

Head of Sustainability

Regional

Sustainability

Teams

Sustainability 

Certification

&amp; Traceability

Sustainability 

Conservation &amp; 

Environmental

Compliance

Sustainability

Communication

Supported by Regional 

Operations Teams –  

upstream and downstream

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE

Responsibility 

for 

the 

day-to-day 

implementation 

of 

sustainability is delegated to our Head of Sustainability, who 

reports directly to the CEO and is supported by a team of 

skilled experts from across our business. 

We have integrated sustainability throughout our management 

systems, including the key performance indicators of relevant 

senior executives and other employees with functional 

responsibility at an operational level. Operational teams are 

required to provide regular cross-departmental updates on 

key issues – including hotspots and fire incidents, the status 

of land clearing, and any incidents of conflict with local 

communities – to the regional and corporate sustainability 

teams. 

GOVERNANCE OF  SUSTAINABILITY

We are committed to maintaining the highest standards of 

corporate governance at First Resources. This is crucial for 

the effective implementation of our sustainability policies and 

ensuring we are improving on our performance on an ongoing 

basis. 

The Board, led by the Chairman, has oversight of sustainability 

matters and receives regular updates on important 

sustainability issues. Sustainability topics are further discussed 

and addressed in quarterly senior management meetings 

where representatives from all key areas of our operations 

are present. 


10

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

List of issues

Description

Boundary

Material issues

Community investment

Empowering and increasing the livelihoods of local communities. 

 

Conservation and 

management of High 

Conservation Value  

(HCV) areas 

Identifying, conserving and managing areas of land with high 

biological, ecological, social or cultural value.

 

Fire prevention  

and management

Preventing the occurrence and responding swiftly to forest fires 

linked to our operations.

 

Labour conditions  

and human rights

Promoting fair and favourable working conditions and respecting 

human rights.

 

Occupational health  

and safety

Preventing any work-related fatalities, injuries and illnesses by 

promoting a safe and healthy work environment. 

 

Peatland management

Conserving, managing and rehabilitating peatland. 

 

Productivity

Enhancing productivity through research and development that 

target increased yield and extraction rates.

 

Protection of High Carbon 

Stock (HCS) forests

Identifying and protecting forests that hold large stores of carbon.

Regulatory compliance

Ensuring compliance with all relevant regulations.

 

Rights of indigenous  

and local communities

Respecting the rights of indigenous and local communities. 

 

Building on our previous assessments, this year we have further 

refined our understanding of our material issues working 

with Corporate Citizenship, a consulting firm specialising in 

corporate sustainability, to conduct a benchmarking exercise 

of our material issues against industry peers and global best 

practice, as well as desk research into sustainability trends for 

the palm oil sector. As a result, we have developed a more 

concise list of issues with clear definitions and boundaries 

presented in the table below. The final list of material issues 

is always signed off by our CEO on behalf of the Board of 

Directors.

MATERIALITY

We use the principle of materiality to ensure that we are 

focused on managing and reporting our performance against 

the issues that matter most to our stakeholders and that are 

of greatest significance to our business.

To prioritise which issues are material, we gathered 

information from a variety of internal and external sources, 

which our senior management team reviewed and validated 

during a materiality workshop. 


11

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

List of issues

Description

Boundary

Material issues

Smallholder inclusiveness

Engaging with smallholder suppliers to ensure compliance with our 

sustainability policy and promoting the sustainable development of 

smallholders.  

 

Stakeholder  

engagement

Maintaining constructive and regular engagement with relevant 

stakeholders, including community groups, non-governmental 

organisations (NGOs), business partners, industry groups and local 

government.

 

Supply chain traceability 

and transparency

Achieving full traceability of the source of crude palm oil (CPO) and 

palm kernel (PK) to mill and fresh fruit bunches (FFB) to plantation.

 

Sustainability certification

Obtaining relevant sustainability certifications linked to the sector.

 

Issues of ongoing importance

Business conduct  

and corruption

Ensuring business activities are conducted with integrity, free from 

corruption.

 

Employee management 

and retention

Managing our current and future workforce by retaining and 

providing development opportunities for our employees. 

 

Greenhouse gas (GHG) 

emissions

Reducing GHG emissions from our operations.

 

Pest management  

and chemical usage

Responsibly managing the use of pesticides, fertilisers and other 

chemicals to avoid contamination of land and water.

 

Waste management

Reducing the amount of waste generated, increasing waste reused/

recycled and ensuring proper treatment and disposal of hazardous 

waste.

 

Water and effluents

Reducing water consumption and managing effluents responsibly. 

 

Key:

• 

Material issues have significant influence on our own decisions, actions and performance and are most important to 

our stakeholders. Therefore, we place greater emphasis on these issues in our management approach and sustainability 

reporting. 

• 

Issues of ongoing importance are relatively lower in significance, but still considered relevant. While we place less 

emphasis on these, we manage and report on them as relevant to our business and stakeholders. 

 

Cultivation and planting    

 Milling and processing     

 Distribution and consumption


12

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

Stakeholder 

groups

Engagement method and 

frequency

Topics and concerns raised

First Resources’ response to those 

topics/concerns

Communities

• Meetings with Community 

Development Officers 

(periodic)

• Better village infrastructure

• Access to employment 

opportunities

• Participation in plasma 

programme 

• Social conflict and Free, Prior 

and Informed Consent (FPIC) 

concerns

• Increase community investment

• Prioritise employment 

opportunities to local 

communities 

• Ensure appropriate plasma 

allocation for plantation 

development 

• Conduct Social and Environment 

Impact Assessments and ensure 

better communication during 

FPIC process

Customers

• One-on-one communication 

(periodic)

• Website (regularly)

• Annual Report (yearly)

• Sustainability Report (yearly)

• First Resources’ sustainability 

commitments, initiatives and 

progress

• Customers’ traceability 

requirements

• Grievances lodged by 

stakeholders on First 

Resources’ operations or  

suppliers

• Provide regular updates on 

our sustainability policy and its 

implementation progress

• Provide traceability data of our 

supplying mills 

• Investigate, address and clarify 

grievances lodged as per our 

grievance mechanism

Employees

• Internal company portal 

(regularly)

• Internal company meetings 

(twice a year)

• Performance review (twice a 

year)

• First Resources’ operational 

and financial performance 

• Personal and career 

development 

• Health and safety

• Keep employees updated on 

company news, performance and 

policies

• Ensure health and safety 

procedures and equipment are 

adequate

• Increase amount and adequacy of 

training and development

We have identified our key stakeholder groups through an 

internal mapping exercise based on our impacts on them and 

their importance to the success and continuity of our business. 

We then tailored our method of engagement for each of these 

groups. Our approach to stakeholder engagement is reviewed 

and enhanced regularly to ensure that it remains effective. 

The table below summarises our stakeholder engagement 

efforts in 2018.

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Engaging our stakeholders to better understand their 

interests and concerns is a fundamental part of our approach 

to sustainability. We aim to take an inclusive approach and 

work constructively with all our key stakeholders by ensuring 

that we maintain an open dialogue. 


13

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

Stakeholder 

groups

Engagement method and 

frequency

Topics and concerns raised

First Resources’ response to those 

topics/concerns

Shareholders 

• Annual General Meeting 

(yearly)

• Website (regularly)

• SGXNET (periodic)

• Annual Report (yearly)

• Sustainability Report (yearly)

• One-on-one communication 

(as required)

• Conferences/Non-Deal 

Roadshows (periodic)

• First Resources’ operational 

and financial performance 

• First Resources’ sustainability 

commitments, initiatives and 

progress

• Provide updates on Company’s 

performance and plans 

• Provide updates on our 

sustainability policy and its 

implementation progress

Banks and 

financial 

institutions

• Website (regularly)

• SGXNET (periodic)

• Annual Report (yearly)

• Sustainability Report (yearly)

• One-on-one communication 

(periodic)

• First Resources’ financial 

performance 

• First Resources’ sustainability 

commitments, initiatives and 

progress

• Provide updates on Company’s 

performance and plans 

• Provide updates on our 

sustainability policy and its 

implementation progress

Non-

governmental 

organisations 

(NGOs)

• One-on-one communication 

(as required)

• Website (regularly)

• Annual Report (yearly)

• Sustainability Report (yearly)

• First Resources’ sustainability 

commitments, initiatives and 

progress

• Grievances lodged by 

stakeholders on First 

Resources’ operations or  

suppliers

• Provide updates on our 

sustainability policy and its 

implementation progress

• Investigate and respond to 

grievances as per our grievance 

mechanism

Suppliers

• One-on-one communication 

(periodic)

• Group sessions (periodic)

• Compliance with First 

Resources’ sustainability 

standards including our 

traceability requirements

• Clarification to grievances 

lodged on suppliers’ 

operations

• Explain First Resources’ 

sustainability policy and our 

expectations of supplier 

compliance 

• Verify clarifications made and 

respond to grievances as per our 

grievance mechanism

Regulatory 

bodies 

(including

government)

• One-on-one communication 

(as required)

• Reporting mechanisms  

(as required)

• Multi-stakeholder forums 

(as required)

• Company’s compliance 

with applicable regulation/

legislation

• Ensure documentation of 

company’s compliance

EXTERNAL INITIATIVES

• The RSPO Principles and Criteria (P&amp;C)

• High Carbon Stock (HCS) Approach 

• United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and 

Human Rights

• International Sustainability &amp; Carbon Certification (ISCC)

MEMBERSHIP ASSOCIATIONS

• Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO)

• Indonesian Palm Oil Association (GAPKI)

• Association of Indonesian Biodiesel Producers (APROBI)


14

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

As we focus on productivity and yield improvement, we are 

relying less on new plantings to drive growth. As a result, 

relatively few new plantings took place in 2018 - 884 hectares 

of oil palms were added, compared to 1,310 hectares in 

2017. These were all conducted in line with our extensive 

High Carbon Stock (HCS), High Conservation Value (HCV), 

peat assessments and Free, Prior and Informed Consent 

(FPIC) processes.

OIL PALM PLANTED AREA 

(hectares)

250,000

200,000

150,000

100,000

50,000

0

2015

2016

2017

2018

 Total    Nucleus    Plasma

Overall, First Resources has a young plantation age profile, 

with more than 38% of our plantations either in their young 

or immature ages. Our most mature plantations are located in 

Riau and they produced approximately 73% of our fresh fruit 

bunches (FFB). In West Kalimantan, our plantations are young 

and contributed around 22% of the total FFB in 2018. Our 

latest developments are in East Kalimantan, with primarily 

new plantings which contributed around 5% of our FFB.

Palm oil is the most versatile of all vegetable oils and is widely 

used in both food and non-food products around the world. 

The production of palm oil is a key part of the Indonesian 

economy and supports millions of livelihoods. However, 

growing demand coupled with increasing environmental 

concerns means that to continue to be viable, more 

sustainable production is required. 

At First Resources, we are committed to sustainable palm oil 

production by investing in long-term solutions that will create 

both economic and social benefits, while minimising damage 

to the environment.

PLANTED LAND AREA

First Resources is one of Indonesia’s leading palm oil 

producers, operating in the Indonesian provinces of Riau, 

West Kalimantan and East Kalimantan. Our own plantations 

cover 180,172 hectares, and we operate smallholder plasma 

schemes on another 30,713 hectares. 

East 

Kalimantan

West 

Kalimantan

OIL PALM PLANTED AREA BY LOCATION IN 2018 

(hectares)

Riau

17,249

130,550

63,086

Note: The figures include both nucleus and plasma planted areas

PRODUCTIVITY




15

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

PRODUCTION

In 2018, the Group produced approximately 3.4 million 

tonnes of FFB (from both nucleus and plasma estates). Our 

total crude palm oil (CPO) production was 823,679 tonnes.

FFB AND CPO PRODUCTION 

(tonnes)

2,500,000

2,000,000

1,500,000

1,000,000

500,000

0

2015

2016

2017

2018

 FFB     CPO

3,500,000

3,000,000

YIELDS AND EXTRACTION RATES

As an agricultural business, we continuously seek to improve 

our yields and extraction rates, which are dependent on 

a combination of complex factors – including weather and 

climatic conditions, pests, soil types, as well as agricultural 

practices such as fertilisation and harvesting efficiency. We 

seek to employ best practices in sustainable agriculture to 

combat these factors and improve our overall productivity.

In 2018, our nucleus FFB yields increased to 18.9 tonnes per 

hectare, due to the better maturity profile of our plantations, 

as more trees entered their prime producing ages. We have 

also seen the CPO extraction rate at our mills improve from 

22.2% in 2017 to 22.9% in 2018 for the same reason. 

Our nucleus plantations have historically delivered better 

yields than our plasma smallholder plantations. We continue 

to provide support and share best management practices with 

our smallholders to help them increase productivity. For more 

information on our engagement with smallholder farmers, 

please see the section on Suppliers and Smallholders. 

FFB YIELDS AND EXTRACTION RATES 

2015

2016

2017

2018

Nucleus FFB yield  (tonnes/hectare)

19.8

17.3 

18.2 

 18.9

Smallholder FFB yield (tonnes/hectare)

13.8

13.5 

13.6 

12.8

CPO extraction rate (%)

22.7

22.5 

22.2 

 22.9

Palm Kernel (PK) extraction rate (%)

5.4

5.4

5.4

5.2




16

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

First Resources has three dedicated research and development 

facilities across our operations – the First Resources Research 

Centre based in Riau and two newer research stations 

in West Kalimantan and East Kalimantan. These centres 

focus on innovation in yield improvement, the mitigation of 

environmental impacts and crop management. 

We have invested in several breeding programmes aimed 

at developing higher-yielding seeds for future planting and 

replanting. One of our key projects involves the use of 

advanced biotechnology, where we are collaborating with a 

university partner to research molecular/DNA marker-assisted 

oil palm breeding selection. The benefit of using molecular/

DNA markers over conventional breeding procedures is 

that breeders can screen many more plants at a very early 

stage, which can save several years of laborious work in the 

development of new crop varieties. This is particularly useful 

for crops like oil palm, where it takes three or more years for 

a fruit phenotype to become fully apparent. 

Our breeding programme also aims to develop more resilient 

planting materials that can better cope with diseases such 

as Ganoderma, as well as dry weather conditions, as we 

foresee greater weather fluctuations in the future as a result 

of climate change. Another area of focus is to develop seed 

varieties that produce shorter and more compact palms. This 

will help to increase workers’ harvesting productivity and also 

enable larger palm density per hectare.

The use of such higher yield planting materials reduces 

the pressure for land expansion. Through our replanting 

programme, we will gradually renew our plantations with high-

yielding seeds and increase our overall productivity. In 2018, 

we replanted about 1,000 hectares of our old oil palm trees, 

with approximately half of the planting materials coming from 

our own seed production unit. The yield estimate from these 

enhanced planting materials is more than 20% higher than 

the existing planting material we have been using on the field. 

“Molecular technology is a tool to enrich the data of breeding material using 

genetic potential data of the existing APM (Advance Planting Material) and wild 

germplasm as well. It will be helpful for the breeder in deciding the appropriate 

strategy for more accurate and shorter time of selection of high yielding planting 

material”. 

Prof. Chew Fook Tim, PhD, Associate Professor, National University of Singapore




17

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

Protecting HCV Areas and Endangered Species

We have a strict policy against the hunting, injuring, 

possessing, and killing of rare and endangered wildlife within 

our plantations. Any infringement of this policy results in 

disciplinary measures, including termination of employment.

 

Besides deterrent measures, we also take a proactive 

approach to ensure these species are protected, including 

placing signboards at strategic spots to highlight HCV areas, 

with daily patrols monitoring these areas. HCV awareness 

programmes are also introduced at our estates to educate 

workers and local communities about the importance of 

biodiversity conservation and the restrictions imposed on 

HCV areas. 

In 2018, we partnered with Balai Konservasi Sumber Daya 

Alam (BKSDA) and a local conservation non-governmental 

organisation (NGO) to conduct HCV education programmes 

in local schools, with the endorsement of village officials. 

Initial surveys conducted during these education programmes 

revealed that many students do not have an adequate level 

of understanding of endangered species and their protected 

status, such as orangutans. These programmes aimed to 

address this by teaching the students the importance of 

biodiversity, types of protected species, how to treat them 

and the penalties for abuse. Surveys done at the end of these 

programmes usually show an increased level of knowledge, 

which attests to the effectiveness of these initiatives. 

Tropical forests are vital for maintaining a healthy ecosystem 

and Indonesia, where we operate, houses one of the world’s 

richest biodiversity. We acknowledge that the activities of 

land clearing may contribute to the loss of biodiversity as 

well as the release of stored carbon. As a sustainable palm oil 

company, we recognise our role in conserving and managing 

forests. Our conservation priorities consist of protecting High 

Conservation Value (HCV) areas, including riparian zones, as 

well as High Carbon Stock (HCS) forests and peatland.

HCV AREAS AND ENDANGERED SPECIES

Identifying HCV Areas

In line with our Policy on Sustainable Palm Oil, First Resources 

does not develop on HCV areas, including riparian zones. As 

part of our commitment to the RSPO Principles and Criteria 

(P&amp;C) and the New Planting Procedures (NPP), all new 

developments are subjected to third-party HCV assessments 

undertaken by an expert approved under the HCV Assessor 

Licensing Scheme. These assessments cover habitat quality, 

soil conditions, peat presence, river quality, and community 

cultural identity. Results from the HCV assessments are 

available on the RSPO website. 

As at end of 2018, the group has identified a cumulative 

total of 4,543 hectares of HCV areas which will be excluded 

from our palm plantations development plans. For HCV 

areas identified within our concessions, a HCV management 

and monitoring plan will be developed and implemented. 

Through HCV assessments, rare and endangered species 

were identified within our concessions and the surrounding 

areas. For our full list of threatened species under Indonesia’s 

National Law of Protected Species (Indonesian Government 

Regulation No. 92 of 2018) or on the IUCN Red List, please 

see our website.

CONSERVATION AND  

FOREST MANAGEMENT




18

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

At West Kalimantan, we have also formed conservation 

taskforces at two of our concessions, where the presence of 

orangutans has been identified, to monitor the conditions of 

their HCV areas more closely. Through our ongoing partnership 

with a local conservation NGO, the taskforces have been 

equipped and trained to undertake manual HCV monitoring, 

the handling of orangutans and other wildlife species, and the 

use of conservation software tools. In addition, cameras have 

been installed to provide 24-hours surveillance. The teams 

record their observations on local wildlife species regularly 

and the results are subsequently shared with our local partner 

to gather feedback for improvements. Joint surveys were also 

conducted to study the feasibility of building corridors to 

connect HCV areas within a concession. In addition, these 

taskforces have a partnership with BKSDA who will provide 

assistance for orangutan rescue when necessary.

In East Kalimantan, we continued our partnership with the 

Research and Technology Development Agency of the Ministry 

of Environment and Forestry, with the aim of optimising the 

potential of the Lemboneh forest, which has been set aside as 

a HCV area. Detailed studies were conducted by the research 

agency in 2015 to analyse the conditions of flora and fauna at 

the forest, and its wider environmental and social impacts. A 

post-study recommendation was to explore the development 

of this HCV area into a conservation and environmental 

education forest, for the purpose of educating the wider 

community on the importance of conservation. In late 2018, 

the agency provided training to both our staff and some local 

villagers so that they can be adequately equipped to educate 

the wider public on the forest and its ecological value.

Rehabilitating HCV Areas

Rehabilitation projects are being implemented to restore 

degraded HCV areas back to their prior conditions. 

Restoration work commenced in the second half of 2016 in 

one of the identified HCV areas at PT Limpah Sejahtera, which 

was damaged by fires in 2015. Due to unconducive weather 

conditions, planting progress in 2018 had been relatively slow.  

Extremely hot temperatures last year also caused 85 hectares 

of HCV area within this concession to be further damaged 

by forest fires. We are putting in place further measures to 

mitigate risks of future fires at these areas. For more details 

of these efforts, please see the section on Fire Prevention.

To monitor the condition of our HCV areas, we began to 

track the number, stratum, and species of flora and fauna in 

selected HCV plots and assign a corresponding biodiversity 

index. The index will be reviewed yearly to assess if our HCV 

management and monitoring efforts have been appropriate 

or requires further improvement. 




19

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018



HCS FORESTS

Identifying HCS Forests 

As part of our commitment to halt deforestation and retain 

carbon stores, we no longer develop HCS forests as defined 

by the HCS Approach Steering Group and continue to 

implement our broad-based land use planning procedure. 

All new development areas are required to undergo HCS 

assessments carried out by third-party HCS experts. In 2018, 

our staff received additional HCS training from Proforest, 

in partnership with one of our buyers, to ensure effective 

implementation of the HCS Approach. 

A total of 15 HCS assessments covering all 110,000 hectares 

of our development bank have been carried out since the 

introduction of our Policy on Sustainable Palm Oil in 2015. 

These assessments took more than two years to complete 

as extensive work was required for ground truthing, patch 

analysis and initial consultations with local communities. We 

have also conducted Rapid Biodiversity Analysis (RBA) for 

seven of the concessions where follow-up analyses were 

necessary. These analyses helped to fine-tune the contours 

of our HCS areas. 

Approximately 20,000 hectares, or about 20% of our existing 

development land bank are now identified as conservation 

areas. These are areas with potential HCS, HCV or peat 

content, and have therefore been carved out from the Group’s 

development plans, in accordance with our policy.

Protecting Forests

Our ongoing forest protection efforts are mainly focused 

on ensuring internal compliance in relation to these key 

conservation areas. Internal control procedures are in 

place to mitigate the risks of accidental non-compliance. 

We are also using satellite imagery, updated monthly, to 

detect land clearing activities on the ground. Based on our 

observations and ground checks, most cases of deforestation 

or degradation were carried out by local communities clearing 

land to support their livelihood and subsistence farming. 

Not all communities are aware and supportive of the HCS 

concept, and we see this as the biggest obstacle to the 

successful conservation of the HCS areas that the Group 

has set aside from development. We plan to roll out an 

engagement programme in 2019 with local communities 

to create awareness on and obtain their support for HCS 

conservations. 


20

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

PEAT MANAGEMENT

Since the introduction of our Policy on Sustainable Palm Oil 

in 2015, and in line with our “No Deforestation, No Peat and 

No Exploitation” (NDPE) commitment, we will not carry out 

any new plantings on peatland at any depth. Our specialised 

peat taskforce, established as part of our fire prevention and 

management strategy for peatland, focuses on conducting 

detailed peat surveys and assessments in our estates. The 

taskforce is led by our research and development department 

and supported by our agronomy and sustainability 

department. The taskforce has undergone training conducted 

by experienced personnel, to ensure that they are equipped 

with the necessary skills and are up to date on best practices. 

The results from the peat surveys are being used for our land 

use planning and to enhance our water management plans in 

peat plantations. 

For our existing plantations on peat, we implement best 

management practices such as ensuring groundwater levels 

are maintained at optimal levels to prevent subsidence and 

the release of carbon dioxide. To monitor water tables, we 

have installed piezometers and automatic dataloggers to 

record data every 12 hours. To regulate and manage water 

levels, we have blocked canals and built water gates at 

selected estates. In 2018, canal blocking was completed 

at three estates in accordance with the guidelines of the 

Environmental and Forestry Ministry. We are preparing to 

complete canal blocking at another estate in 2019.

Peatland protection, management and rehabilitation are key 

topics in the sustainability debate and initiatives led by the 

Indonesian Government. In recent years, the government 

has stepped up its efforts to protect carbon-rich peatlands 

and ensure that best peatland management practices are put 

in place. In 2018, new directives have been issued by the 

Environmental and Forestry Ministry, to provide guidelines 

for water management of existing peat plantations. Where 

required, we have been working with the Ministry to ensure 

and report on the compliance of our estates.




21

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

FIRE PREVENTION

At First Resources, we follow a strict Zero Burning policy for 

land clearing in all new developments and future replanting. 

This policy is also socialised with our suppliers who are made 

aware that any deliberate breach may result in an immediate 

termination of contract. 

Launched in 2016, our Integrated Fire Management (IFM) 

programme comprises in-depth workplan for fire prevention, 

preparedness, response and recovery. Both our corporate 

headquarters and regional operations teams are heavily 

involved in the implementation of the workplan. The process 

involves the identification of high-risk and high-priority areas, 

as well as the nearest water sources at all our locations. We 

then implement appropriate measures on the ground such 

as standard operating procedures (SOPs), mobilisation plans, 

equipment, training, assessments and reviews to ensure that 

we are equipped internally to detect fires early and provide 

rapid emergency response in the event of a fire incident. 

We have more than 1,500 firefighters assigned within our 

operations to ensure fires are handled swiftly and adequately. 

In 2018, we provided refresher trainings to a third of these 

firefighters through a series of programmes conducted across 

our estates in Riau, West Kalimantan and East Kalimantan. 

Given the complexity of varying land rights in Indonesia, it is 

not uncommon that communities live in or within proximity 

to our concession areas. Fire incidents within these areas 

are mainly caused by illegal burning activities, carried out by 

communities who engage in small-scale farming. As part of our 

IFM programme, we have been engaging local communities, 

with the cooperation of the relevant authorities, to raise 

awareness about fire risks and prevention, as well as including 

them in our fire training sessions, where they learn about fire 

management practices. 

In 2018, we trained 169 community members from 10 villages 

in fire prevention and management, where the members are 

taught common fire hazards and the use of simple equipment 

such as water pump or fire extinguishers. We also supported 

local government initiatives in Bengkalis, Riau Province, by 

providing assistance on farming programmes and helping 

to block the drainage of canals to ensure peatlands are kept 

moist during the dry season. Through our cooperation with the 

military, we have completed two canal blockings in Dompas 

village, which covers 200 hectares of community land.  

We have also provided aid for cassava cultivation and fishing 

lodge for villagers who are members of the government’s  

fire-free community programme. 

Such measures and initiatives have enabled us to successfully 

reduce the incidence of fires over the past several years. 

Where fires have occurred, we have managed to reduce their 

spread and impact.




22

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

Once hotspots are detected, on-the-ground 

verification is carried out, including checks for the 

presence of smoke from watch towers and sending 

fire-fighting teams to the area.

C

In the case of a fire breakout, the firefighting team 

will be mobilised immediately and a police report 

will be made for an investigation to be carried out.

D

We create Fire Danger Indices for risk assessments. 

Fire risk levels are clearly and prominently displayed 

in fire prone areas during the hot and dry season to 

remind workers to be vigilant.

A

We make use of satellite monitoring by overlapping 

hotspots captured by the satellite with our 

concession maps to keep track of the situation on 

the ground.

B

FIRE MANAGEMENT 

AND MONITORING 

EFFORTS 

NUMBER OF FIRE INCIDENCES AND AREA 

AFFECTED IN INDONESIA IN 2018

Number of fires and 

affected areas

Riau

East 

Kalimantan

West 

Kalimantan

No. of fires within 

estates

0

1

67

Affected planted 

areas within estates 

(hectares)

0.0

0.0

150.8

Affected unplanted 

areas within estate 

(hectares)

0.0

2.0

197.3

Note: Data as per reported to RSPO

Going forward, we plan to increase our engagement with 

communities on fire prevention, especially in areas where fire 

incidents were high in 2018. Our 2019 workplan includes 

reaching out to another nine villages. Internally, we aim to 

improve our water management by completing the canal 

blocking in another estate. We are also testing the use of 

Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) for hotspot verification and 

fire incident assessment, particularly in areas where limited 

access is granted to our employees. We will also continue to 

train our employees and regularly maintain our fire-fighting 

equipment. Our aim for 2019 is to reduce the amount of 

fire incidents which occurred in 2018, which is a challenging 

target as we expect to experience drier weather in 2019.


23

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

At First Resources, we recognise that climate change can 

have an impact not only on the natural environment and 

vulnerable communities, but also on our business as a palm 

oil company. Having a proper mitigation strategy in place 

is essential to ensure that we do our part in protecting our 

planet. We also need to ensure we have adaptation plans in 

place to maintain our ability to operate as we transition to a 

low-carbon economy. In line with our Policy on Sustainable 

Palm Oil, we are dedicated to developing plans that will 

progressively reduce our Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions.

MEASURING OUR FOOTPRINT

Our GHG emissions are measured using the RSPO PalmGHG 

calculator. The PalmGHG tool calculates net GHG emissions 

by totalling the emissions from land clearing, crop production 

and crop processing. GHG emissions, which are prevented 

through sequestration of carbon in standing crop and in any 

conservation areas, are subtracted from the total emissions.

 

We have been calculating the GHG emissions for all our mills 

since 2016, using the data gathered as a baseline to monitor 

our emissions reduction progress. We have continued to map 

emissions for our palm oil operations throughout 2018 using 

the RSPO PalmGHG calculator 3.0.1. The RSPO has rolled 

out PalmGHG calculator version 4 in December 2018 and 

we will be using the newer version from 2019. The data in 

the tables and charts below represent only the mills that have 

been audited and certified by the RSPO certification bodies. 

NET GHG EMISSIONS INTENSITY 

(tonnes of CO2e/tonne of CPO produced)

Plantation with palm oil mill

2015  

(PalmGHG 2.1.1)

2016 

(PalmGHG 3.0.1)

2017 

(PalmGHG 3.0.1)

2018 

(PalmGHG 3.0.1)

PT Arindo Trisejahtera (PT ATS)

1.27

1.29

1.22

1.21

PT Meridan Sejati Surya Plantation (PT MSSP)

1.11

0.64

0.59

0.52

 

Note: The emissions intensity ratio figures above include Scope 1 emissions only. 

Note: The above figures include data from two mills, PT ATS and PT 

MSSP and covers Scope 1 emissions only.

GHG EMISSIONS BY SOURCE IN 2018 

Land 

conversion

69.9%

Fertiliser

4.7%

N2O

6.1%

Field fuel use

1.4%

Mill fuel use

0.3%

Methane 

from palm oil 

mill effluent

17.4%

REDUCING GREENHOUSE

GAS EMISSIONS

Net GHG emissions intensity at PT Meridan Sejati Surya 

Plantation (PT MSSP) is significantly lower than at PT Arindo 

Trisejahtera (PT ATS) due to the methane capture facility 

installed at PT MSSP in 2016. First Resources does not 

purchase any electricity from the grid for PT ATS and PT 

MSSP.


24

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

EMISSIONS REDUCTION FROM LAND USE 

CHANGE 

One of the biggest contributors of GHG emissions in 

the production of palm oil comes from land use change, 

particularly through the clearance of peatland and forest 

areas. Therefore, conservation of peatlands and HCS forests 

is essential to protect carbon stores and avoid the release 

of GHG. As part of our “No Deforestation, No Peat and No 

Exploitation” (NDPE) commitment, we do not undertake any 

new developments on peat areas at any depth and areas 

identified as HCS using the HCS Approach. We believe that 

this will help reduce our Group’s overall emissions significantly 

over the long term. 

For our existing plantations on peat, we implement best 

practices such as ensuring groundwater levels are maintained 

at optimal levels to prevent subsidence and the release of 

carbon dioxide. To ensure the effectiveness of our peat 

management strategy, we are monitoring peat subsidence 

and ground water level in sampling locations, as well as 

verifying our existing soil maps.

 

For more details on our approach to conserving High Carbon 

Stock (HCS) forests and peatland management, please see 

the section on Conservation and Forest Management.

EMISSION SOURCES AND SINKS IN 2018

(tonnes of CO2e/year)

100,000

50,000

0

-50,000

-100,000

-150,000

Land 

conversion

200,000

150,000

-200,000

Crop 

sequestration

Fertiliser 

N2O

Field 

fuel use

Peat 

oxidation

Conservation 

area offset

Methane 

from palm 

oil mill 

effluent

Mill 

fuel use

Grid

electricity

utilisation

Mill

credit

Net 

emissions

160,163

(151,813)

10,793

14,080

3,309

76,969

775

39,903

(241)

Note:  The above figures include data from two mills, PT ATS and PT MSSP. All emissions are Scope 1 except grid electricity utilisation, which is 

classified under Scope 2.

REDUCING EMISSIONS THROUGH METHANE 

CAPTURE 

Our second largest source of GHG emissions comes from 

palm oil mill effluent (POME) which is wastewater discharged 

from processing of fresh fruit bunches (FFB). If left untreated, 

POME emits methane, a potent GHG. As part of our GHG 

emission reduction plans, we have been establishing methane 

capture facilities which help flares or converts the biogas to 

alternative sources of electricity for our operations. 

As at end of 2018, we have methane capture facilities 

installed at three of our mills. The estimated reduction in GHG 

emissions for each facility is approximately 0.51 tonne of 

C02e for each tonne of crude palm oil (CPO) produced, based 

on the International Sustainability Carbon Certification (ISCC) 

calculation methodology. In 2018, these facilities helped the 

Group to prevent the emissions of approximately 84,000 

tonnes of CO2e. We have commissioned the construction of 

two more methane capture facilities which are scheduled to 

be completed by mid-2019. 

0

0

0


25

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

The sustainable use of natural resources for production 

processes is instrumental to safeguarding the health of 

our planet. As an agribusiness, water is crucial not only for 

the maintenance of our crops but also in other areas of 

our operations such as the well-being of our workers and 

to generate steam for processing. We adopt best water 

management practices to ensure the efficient use of water, to 

prevent pollution of waterways and to minimise disruption of 

water supply in our operations. We are also committed to the 

efficient use of other resources and aim to reuse, recover and 

recycle the waste produced by our operations.

WATER USAGE

As our plantations are 100% rain-fed, our mills account for 

the majority of our water use in our palm oil operations, 

drawing water supplies in order to process fresh fruit bunches 

(FFB). In addition to mill usage, we also draw some water 

for nursery irrigation and household use. In 2018, our mills 

used an average of 0.82 cubic metres of water per tonne of 

FFB processed. Daily water consumption is recorded using 

flowmeters. 

Going forward, we aim to continue maintaining our mills’ 

water usage levels below 1.0 cubic metre of water per tonne 

of FFB processed. 

All the water used for our milling operations is withdrawn 

from rivers and we do not use groundwater. In 2018, to 

reduce the amount of water withdrawn from rivers, we 

recycled 1,155,900 cubic metres of wastewater from our 

milling process for use in turbine cooling and as condensate 

for water dilution. 

WASTE MANAGEMENT

The main waste products from milling processes include 

organic solid plantation waste such as empty fruit bunches 

(EFB), fibres, shells and palm oil mill effluent (POME), which are 

predominantly reused, recovered and recycled. EFB is applied 

as mulch to conserve moisture, improve soil fertility, and 

reduce weed growth. Fibres and shells are used to generate 

power in our palm mills and refineries for our boilers. Tree 

trunks and fronds are left in the plantations to decompose 

naturally, acting as organic fertilisers. We will continue to 

ensure that the bulk of our organic waste generated is reused 

and recycled. Non-hazardous waste generated downstream is 

disposed through municipal landfills or incinerators. 

Hazardous Waste 

We have in place an operational procedure for the handling 

of hazardous waste which also covers leakage handling. 

Hazardous waste generated from our operations include 

pesticide packaging, expired pesticides, used batteries, used 

lubricants and filters, empty paint cans, printer cartridges, and 

needles from health clinics. All hazardous waste is segregated, 

labelled and stored within secure, fire resistant temporary 

storage facilities that are equipped with spillage containment 

kits, alarms, firefighting equipment and first aid kits. These 

facilities are inspected weekly. Hazardous waste is collected 

by licensed third-parties for proper disposal in accordance 

with national legislations and international best practices. 

WATER CONSUMPTION BY MILLS 

2015

2016

2017

2018

Total water consumption (cubic metres) 

3,330,984

2,631,198

2,520,863

 3,005,415

Water consumption intensity (cubic metres per 

tonne of FFB processed)

1.11

0.94

0.80

0.82

WATER AND WASTE

MANAGEMENT


26

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

QUANTITY OF ORGANIC WASTE GENERATED BY MILLS AND DISPOSAL METHOD 

2015

2016

2017

2018

Type of Waste

Quantity 

Quantity 

Quantity 

Quantity 

Disposal 

method

EFB (tonnes)

497,900 

456,903

499,402

578,571

Reused as organic 

fertiliser or as fuel 

POME (cubic metres)

2,063,379

2,033,233

2,164,176

2,457,816

Reused as organic 

fertiliser or discharged to 

the sea

Kernel shells (tonnes)

101,674

117,756

126,376

139,321

Reused as fuel

Fibres (tonnes)

387,128

362,231

393,799

464,132

Reused as fuel

Effluents Management

To minimise effluent discharge, POME generated is 

repurposed as organic fertiliser which reduces our need for 

commercial fertilisers. For such land application, the biological 

oxygen demand (BOD) level is kept below the legal threshold 

of 5,000 milligrams per litre. 

For one of our mills where its effluents are released to the 

sea, we ensure that adequate treatment processes are in 

place to keep BOD levels well below the legal threshold of 

100 miligrams per litre, with average levels of 5.1 milligrams 

per litre monitored in 2018. 




27

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

BOD LEVELS BY REGION AND DISCHARGE DESTINATION 

(milligrams/litre)

Regulation 

Standard

2015

2016

2017

2018

BOD levels - Sea discharge 

100

14.0

5.8

7.9

5.1

BOD levels - Land application 

Riau 

5,000

1,672

831

910

 791

West Kalimantan 

5,000

2,363

2,479

1,854

1,772

East Kalimantan

5,000

-

-

-

1,084

CHEMICAL OXYGEN DEMAND (COD) LEVELS BY REGION AND DISCHARGE DESTINATION 

(milligrams/litre)

Regulation 

Standard

2015

2016

2017

2018

COD levels - Sea discharge 

350

78.0

24.2

28.7

49.8

COD levels - Land application 

Riau 

10,000

4,860

2,692

2,643

2,544

West Kalimantan 

None 

11,591

8,527

5,531

7,207

East Kalimantan

None 

-

-

-

2,084

Programme for Pollution Control, Evaluation and Rating (PROPER) 

First Resources participates annually in the Programme for Pollution Control, Evaluation and Rating (PROPER), a national 

public environmental reporting initiative by the Indonesian Ministry of Environment. The objective of this initiative is 

to promote industrial compliance with pollution control regulations, facilitate and enforce the adoption of practices 

contributing to cleaner technologies, and ensuring a better environmental management system. The programme uses 

a colour-coded rating: gold; green; blue; red; and black. The gold rating is awarded for excellent performance while the 

black rating represents poor performance. Areas for assessment include: air and water pollution control; hazardous 

waste management, environmental management system, implementation of environmental impact assessments (EIA), 

community development and, conservation of resources. Between 2017 and 2018, eight of our mills were assessed 

under PROPER and all eight mills received the Blue rating.

Rating categories 

Gold

Excellent: For businesses/activities that have successfully displayed environmental management 

effort and achieved excellent results.

Green

Good: For businesses/activities that have displayed environmental management effort and 

achieved results better than those required by regulation.

Blue

Adequate: For businesses/activities that have displayed environmental management effort, and 

have achieved the minimum standard required by regulation.

Red

Poor: For businesses/activities that have displayed environmental management effort, but have 

achieved only parts of the minimum standard required by regulation.

Black 

Very Poor: For businesses/activities that do not display significant environmental management 

effort.


28

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

Chemicals are used to protect crops from pests and diseases, 

as well as to ensure the maintenance of high yields. Lack of 

management on the usage of these chemicals may pose a risk 

to workers and the environment. We have thus implemented 

an integrated pest management strategy and only use 

synthetic pesticides as a last resort. As part of our Policy 

on Sustainable Palm Oil, we are also committed to adopting 

agronomic best practices to minimise our environmental 

impact.

OUR APPROACH TO PEST MANAGEMENT

Our integrated pest management strategy includes a 

combination of biological controls and good agricultural 

practices. Barn owls are used in our plantations to control the 

rat population. We currently have breeding projects in Riau 

and Kalimantan to increase the barn owl populations in our 

young estates. We also plant crops which attract predators 

of palm leaf-eating pests such as bagworms and caterpillars 

and use other biological agents such as Cordyceps and 

Trichoderma fungus. Where pesticides are used, we ensure 

they are registered with and permitted by the Ministry of 

Agriculture in Indonesia. With the exception of specific 

urgent situations, we do not use class 1A or 1B pesticides as 

categorised by the World Health Organization (WHO). We 

use some pesticides in the form of pre-formulated mixtures. 

In these instances, the final classification that we adopt is 

based on the classification set by the manufacturer for the 

actual formulation as per WHO’s guidelines. 

In 2018, there was a spike in the amount of pesticides 

used per hectare as we were gradually reducing the use of 

paraquat. Its substitute required us to use a larger volume to 

achieve the same control effect.

To reduce the use of chemicals, we aim to increase the 

contribution of biological control methods and develop 

planting materials that are more tolerant to Ganoderma, a 

major pathogen. 

Paraquat Phase-out

To address concerns from stakeholders on the high toxicity 

levels and the potential of misusing paraquat, we have 

started with trials on alternative pesticides which have shown 

promising results. We have gradually reduced the use of 

paraquat in 2018 and will completely phase out its use by 

2019. In the meantime, we continue to ensure that adequate 

safety measures are in place to prevent any accidents or long-

term damage taking place from paraquat use. 

CHEMICALS AND  

PESTICIDES USAGE

AMOUNT OF PESTICIDES APPLIED 

(kilograms or litres/hectare) 

kilograms/hectare

litres/hectare

Pesticides

2015

2016

2017

2018

2015

2016

2017

2018

Fungicide

0.002

0.001

0.001

0.006

-

-

-

0.002

Herbicide

2.405

2.237

2.110

2.491

2.312

2.074

2.010

2.284

Insecticide 

0.177

0.520

0.255

0.135

0.096

0.037

0.033

0.068

Rodenticide 

0.366

0.179

0.149

0.269

-

-

-

-

Total 

2.949

2.937

2.515

2.902

 2.408

2.112

2.043

2.355

Note: Figures are presented in kilograms/hectare or litres/hectare depending on the form of pesticide applied.


29

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

CHEMICAL AND FERTILISER USAGE

The use of chemicals and fertilisers in the field varies depending 

on total new plantings as well as the total hectarage of mature 

plantations, with younger plantings requiring a higher input of 

nutrients. 

While there is currently a higher level of inorganic fertiliser 

application on our younger planting profile, an overall 

reduction is observed for plantations with a more mature 

profile. We expect our chemical usage for crop protection and 

maintenance to diminish as our younger plantations reach 

maturity. We have also put in place procedures and guidelines 

to prevent the use of fertilisers during periods of heavy rain 

and there should be adequate intervals between applications.

We aim to use organic fertilisers derived from waste products 

to the maximum extent possible. The majority (95%) of our 

palm oil mill effluent (POME) and empty fruit bunches (EFB) 

are currently reused as organic fertilisers in the field. Going 

forward, we aim to continue improving on fertiliser use by 

conducting site specific assessments on manuring programme 

and encouraging the implementation of the “4 Rights” in 

manuring (right source, right dosage, right time, and right place). 

USAGE OF ORGANIC FERTILISERS 

2015

2016

2017

2018

EFB 

(tonnes)

496,324

384,288

449,497

507,669

POME 

(cubic 

metres) 

2,039,305

1,929,636

2,057,817

2,345,497

Workers who handle chemicals within our operations are 

required to undergo regular trainings which are conducted 

by field staff, research and development staff, learning centre 

and also by the vendor of the chemicals. The training scope 

includes handling of packaging, making chemical solutions 

from concentrate, using the applicator and evaluating the 

success rate of application. We also ensure that adequate 

personal protective equipment (PPE) are provided on site. 

USAGE OF INORGANIC FERTILISERS 

2015

2016

2017

2018

Inorganic 

fertiliser 

(tonnes/

hectare)

0.90

0.90

0.90

0.90

Inorganic 

fertiliser 

(tonnes)

159,777

170,279

156,119

174,825




30

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

The palm oil sector in Indonesia has been instrumental in 

lifting rural communities out of poverty through the creation 

of jobs and the provision of important infrastructure. We do 

recognise that land acquisitions and the development of new 

plantations create change for local communities and may 

undermine local indigenous rights and livelihoods. 

First Resources is committed to maintaining positive relations 

with the communities where we operate. This involves 

upholding the rights of indigenous and local populations 

through constructive engagement. It also involves contributing 

to the socio-economic development of our neighbouring 

communities through community investment programmes.

COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT

We conduct social impact assessments in all new areas 

that we plan to develop. This enables us to understand the 

potential impact of our operations on communities. The 

results of these assessments guide us in our engagement 

with communities and our planning and implementation of 

programmes to help mitigate the negative changes that may 

result from our operations. 

As part of our Policy on Sustainable Palm Oil, we have made 

the commitment to respect the rights of indigenous and local 

communities to give or withhold their Free, Prior and Informed 

Consent (FPIC) for the utilisation of land to which they hold 

legal or customary rights. Should a conflict or grievance arise, 

we ensure that these are resolved with local communities 

through an open, transparent and consultative manner.



COMMUNITY


31

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

Land Compensation

Land rights and compensation are critical aspects of our 

interaction with local communities and indigenous groups. 

Processes to settle these matters are extremely complex in 

Indonesia, guided by multi-layered national and provincial 

laws and procedures. Customary and indigenous land claims 

may be undefined and conflicting with the current legal 

context. 

Upon being granted a location permit for a new development, 

First Resources’ approach to land compensation firstly involves 

identifying the local community and conducting socialisation 

before commencing any operations. The socialisation process 

usually covers various key aspects designed to inform the 

communities about:

1. The company’s permit granted by the government

2. The government’s and company’s land compensation 

policies

3. The development plans

4. Land valuation approaches

5. The process for verifying land ownership and the 

requirements of proof of ownership

6. Procedures for land measurements and compensations

Following socialisation and the completion of due diligence, 

compensation is made to communities who have accepted 

the company’s offer for their land. All land transfers are 

documented and witnessed by members of the local 

government and community leaders.

We are committed to ensuring that all new developments 

follow the principles of FPIC, with the ultimate aim of zero 

land conflicts surfacing in the future.

Conflict Resolution

Our priority is to avoid conflicts, with or amongst local 

communities, from occurring in the first place. When conflicts 

do arise, we endeavour to have a responsible and peaceful 

resolution process. 

Land disputes involving rightful land ownership are amongst 

the most common form of conflicts that we come across. 

Our grievance procedure, detailed in Our Approach to 

Sustainability section of this report, allows stakeholders to 

raise grievances. We are committed to resolving conflicts in 

a responsive manner and through a process that is fair and 

transparent. 

In 2018, there was a land conflict case which was lodged with 

the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO). We have 

clarified with the non-governmental organisation (NGO), who 

represented the villager, that the land claimed by the villager 

is not within our concession. Following a process of due 

diligence and verification, the NGO accepted our clarification 

and withdrew the complaint from the RSPO. More information 

on the case is available on the RSPO website. 

Further details of key issues and concerns raised by 

stakeholders along with clarifications or actions taken by the 

Group to address land conflict issues within our operations 

are listed in our grievance list which can be accessed from 

our website. 




32

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

COMMUNITY INVESTMENT

Our licence to operate depends on maintaining good relations 

with our communities which form a large proportion of our 

employees’ and suppliers’ base. Many of the locations where 

we operate are located in isolated areas that lack basic 

infrastructure and services. 

Our Policy on Sustainable Palm Oil includes a commitment 

to drive positive socio-economic impact for the people and 

communities we touch, through job creation, investments in 

plasma projects and community development programmes 

centred on education, healthcare and infrastructure (including 

access to clean water).

Our Community Development Officers (CDOs) are the main 

liaison between our company and community members. 

CDOs engage with local residents on a regular basis to build 

relationships and understand community members’ ambitions, 

concerns and needs. The CDO’s typical tasks include 

collecting data on living conditions and population numbers, 

brainstorming new development ideas with community 

members, designing and proposing new programmes to 

regional managers and sustainability coordinators, and 

implementing local projects. CDOs also act as ambassadors, 

engaging with local government agencies to present and 

explain First Resources’ operational activities, environmental 

initiatives and social programmes.

Education

First Resources recognises that education is fundamental for 

community growth and well-being. We are therefore working 

to increase access to quality formal education for both the 

current and future generations of school-age children in 

our communities. We currently manage 38 schools located 

within our plantation estates. These include 13 kindergartens, 

19 elementary schools, four junior high schools and two 

preschools. These institutions employ more than 250 teachers 

and educate more than 2,500 students. The educational 

practices adopted are similar to those at schools managed by 

the local government. The Group contributes to the schools’ 

facilities and teaching aids, such as furniture, computers, 

electricity generators and books. 

All children of employees working on our estates are 

provided with free education at our schools. Scholarships 

were awarded to high-scoring children from less privileged 

families, having been selected by local education authorities. 

To motivate teachers that work with our communities, and 

encourage a higher standard of teaching, we offer them 

additional incentives, such as supplementary income. 

In 2018, we allocated and invested almost IDR3 billion to 

support the education of children, which we believe is key to 

future community growth.

In addition to awarding scholarships, the Group has established 

an internship programme that is run in collaboration with 

more than 30 Indonesian universities. The programme offers 

students an opportunity to apply what they have learned, 

expand their knowledge and benefit from valuable on-the-job 

experience. In 2018, we have taken in 296 interns, consisting 

of students from various universities and high schools.




33

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

Infrastructure 

As well as enabling us to run our own operational activities 

more 

efficiently, 

better 

infrastructure 

enables 

local 

communities, including farmers, cooperatives, associations, 

businesses and local government, to have better access to 

healthcare facilities, educational facilities and markets. We 

consult local village leaders on which infrastructure projects 

to support. 

Accessibility to roads, better road conditions and connecting 

bridges will improve the mobility of rural communities and 

support local economies. The roads servicing our operating 

areas – which we share with local communities – are 

maintained to minimise disruption to our operations as well 

as to maintain strong links to the main transport network. In 

2018, most of our infrastructure projects were conducted 

in our development areas at East Kalimantan and West 

Kalimantan, where we repaired 85 kilometres of roads and 

bridges.

Healthcare

We have built more than 32 health clinics on our estates. 

These are staffed with qualified medical professionals, 

including at least one doctor and two nurses in each facility. 

The primary purpose of the clinics is to service our employees 

and their families, but they are also open to local community 

members. The operating hours of our clinics are longer than 

those of the health posts managed by local government. 

Medical services such as immunisations for polio, measles 

and tuberculosis are available to communities upon request. 

We have also established health-related community 

programmes to improve the well-being of local residents 

and increase their awareness about the benefits of healthy 

living. Carried out in cooperation with local health authorities, 

the “Be Healthy with First Resources” programme includes 

treatments and advice for children, pregnant women and the 

elderly, as well as the coordination of blood donation drives.

Access to Clean Water

Infrastructure for delivering clean and potable water is 

severely lacking in some of the communities located near 

our operations. We have therefore made assisting villages 

with this basic need a priority within the scope of our 

community investment programme. Our efforts include the 

provision of clean water, new piping and water tanks, as well 

as the construction of new water wells for villages to ensure 

constant water flow. This initiative reached three villages and 

benefitted over 246 families in 2018.




34

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

Our commitment to producing sustainable palm oil extends 

beyond our own operations and requires developing a 

sustainable supply chain that is aligned to our values. We 

are working towards a fully traceable and transparent supply 

chain in order to prioritise engagement with our suppliers and 

bring them onboard our sustainability journey.

OUR SUPPLY CHAIN

Most of our procurement comprises crude palm oil (CPO) and 

palm kernel (PK) for our processing plants. These raw materials 

are sourced from First Resources-owned mills and third-party 

mills in Indonesia. Fresh fruit bunches (FFB), the feedstock 

for the mills, are in turn supplied by our own nucleus estates, 

third-party estates, thousands of individual farmers (plasma 

and independent), as well as dealers who buy from farmers. 

Aside from CPO and PK, we procure several other products 

and services to run our business. For our upstream operations, 

these include fertilisers, materials, spare parts, fuel and tires.

In 2017, we developed our Sustainable Supply Chain 

Framework, a multi-pronged strategy comprising supply chain 

traceability; supplier engagement; supplier assessment; and 

stakeholder collaboration. 

SUPPLY CHAIN TRACEABILITY

• Encourage accountability of suppliers by 

developing a traceable and transparent supply 

chain

SUPPLIER ENGAGEMENT

• Educate and support suppliers by engaging 

key suppliers to convey our sustainable goals, 

developments and expectations

STAKEHOLDER COLLABORATION

• Detect risks in our supply chain by working with 

stakeholders through an established grievance 

procedure

SUPPLIER ASSESSMENT

• Influence behaviours of suppliers by including 

sustainability criteria in supplier assessments

FIRST RESOURCES SUSTAINABLE SUPPLY CHAIN FRAMEWORK

SUPPLIERS AND 

SMALLHOLDERS 


35

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

SUPPLY CHAIN TRACEABILITY

One of our key commitments in our Policy on Sustainable Palm 

Oil is to ensure our oil and refined products can be traced to 

their origin – initially to the palm oil mill but ultimately to the 

plantation. 

Our commercial team works closely with our sustainability 

team to achieve our Group’s traceability targets through 

active engagement with suppliers. 

Traceability to mills

For CPO to be fully traceable, First Resources requires the 

company name, parent company name, mill name, mill 

address and geographical coordinates. Where any part of this 

information is incomplete, CPO volumes from that particular 

supplier is treated as “untraceable”, which does not mean that 

we do not know the source but that they do not fulfil the 

criteria for what we consider traceable. 

In 2018, 100% of the CPO processed by our refineries was 

traceable to mills. We purchased approximately 7% of our 

CPO feedstock from external suppliers and we managed to 

obtain all the necessary data to achieve 100% traceability  

to mills. 

In addition, we have published a full list of our CPO and 

PK suppliers on our website. We believe this will increase 

transparency and help us mitigate the risk of policy non-

compliance in our supply chain. 

Traceability to plantations

Of all the FFB processed in our mills in 2018, 90% came from 

our own plantations and plasma schemes, while the remaining 

10% was sourced from third-party suppliers. These include 

independent smallholders, medium-sized outgrowers and 

neighbouring plantation companies. FFB is also purchased 

from local traders who collect the fruits from the surrounding 

area and sell them to the most convenient mill. In 2018, we 

made progress on obtaining data required for tracing FFB 

sourced from third parties to plantations. Taken together with 

the FFB supplies from our nucleus and plasma plantations, 

98% of the FFB processed at our mills was traceable to 

estates. We have shared our estate and plasma maps with 

the RSPO.

Going forward, we aim to achieve 100% traceability to the 

plantation for First Resources-owned mills by 2020.




36

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

SUPPLIERS AND 

SMALLHOLDERS 



SUPPLIER ENGAGEMENT

First Resources endeavours to communicate our sustainability 

policy to our suppliers with the aim of developing a supply 

chain network that embodies the Group’s sustainability goals 

and practices.

Traceability provides us with the essential foundations to 

identify and focus our supplier engagements on the key 

players in our supply chain. One-on-one meetings and group 

sessions were held to communicate our sustainability policies 

and expectations, and to help suppliers understand the 

importance of aligning their practices with our requirements. 

To date, feedback from participating suppliers has been 

generally supportive and constructive. 

Through constant dialogue with our suppliers, especially 

smallholders, we hope to build a relationship of mutual trust 

so that they feel confident in sharing information about the 

challenges they face in meeting new sustainability standards. 

A strong rapport with suppliers will strengthen our ability 

to support them in their sustainability efforts without 

compromising on our policies. 

SUPPLIER ASSESSMENT

Building on our traceability information and supplier 

engagement, we then assess our suppliers to ensure their 

practices are in line with our Policy on Sustainable Palm Oil. 

Suppliers found to be non-compliant will be given the 

opportunity to propose corrective actions within a certain 

timeline. In line with our policy, we will suspend sourcing 

from non-compliant suppliers found to be engaged in the 

development of High Carbon Stock (HCS), High Conservation 

Value (HCV) or peat areas, in the use of fires during land 

preparations or in the exploitation of local communities, and 

who do not take immediate remedial actions. In 2018, we have 

not found any suppliers in breach of our policy requirements. 

All our new suppliers are also screened using social and 

environmental criteria during our supplier onboarding process 

before we begin our trading relationship.


37

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

STAKEHOLDER COLLABORATION

We acknowledge that getting suppliers on board is not a 

task we can undertake on our own and we rely heavily on 

stakeholder collaboration. External stakeholders may hold 

better monitoring tools and intelligence to detect potential 

errant or non-compliant suppliers. We depend on them to 

have these highlighted to us through our grievance procedure, 

so that we can conduct the follow-up engagement and 

assessment. For example, non-governmental organisation 

(NGO) Mighty Earth sends us monthly reports of their 

deforestation detection, and we look through these to see if 

any of the highlighted companies are in our supply chain and 

require us to undertake follow-up actions. 

SUPPORTING SMALLHOLDERS

Palm oil operations are labour intensive, and new 

developments are often in rural areas that may otherwise 

offer few opportunities for local communities. As such, 

commercial oil palm cultivation can be a driver for socio-

economic development and poverty alleviation, and we are 

committed to leading community growth in areas where we 

are operationally present. 

Through the FPIC process, which is carried out before any 

new development, we are able to identify communities that 

are interested in partnering with us to develop plantations. We 

work with indigenous and local communities through various 

plasma scheme partnerships. In some of these schemes, the 

company assists plasma smallholders to develop and manage 

their plots until the trees reach a productive age, after which 

the plots are then handed back to the smallholders for 

management. In other partnership schemes, the company 

assumes responsibility for developing and managing the 

plasma plots on behalf of these smallholders, even after 

maturity. 

Plasma smallholders profit by selling their harvests to 

the company at government-determined prices. These 

partnerships provide a sustainable income for thousands of 

smallholders, and this in turn directly impacts local economic 

growth and living standards. By the end of 2018, we had 

partnered and supported more than 15,000 smallholders on 

30,713 hectares of oil palm plantations, representing 15% of 

the total plantation area managed by First Resources.

In addition to implementing best practices at our own nucleus 

estates, we are also committed to raising the sustainability 

standards of our plasma farmers, as smallholders account for 

more than 40% of Indonesia’s palm oil production. Without 

adequate support programmes in place, smallholders may 

not be able to cope with risks of price volatility, lower yields 

and other farming issues, which will ultimately impact us and 

our customers. Our field officers provide technical assistance 

such as access to quality seed stock and advise on fertiliser 

and pesticide procurement and usage. They also share new 

farming technologies, offer assistance with land titling and 

coordinate transportation of FFB to palm oil mills. 


38

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES BY EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT BY GENDER

2015

2016

2017

2018

Permanent

Contract

Permanent

Contract

Permanent

Contract

Permanent

Contract

Male

13,323

2,289

12,138

2,243

13,540

3,417

16,588

3,616

Female

1,622

440

1,301

198

1,229

232

2,992

415

NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES BY EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT BY REGION

2015

2016

2017

2018

Permanent

Temporary

Permanent

Temporary

Permanent

Temporary

Permanent

Temporary

Jakarta

162

 - 

159

 - 

176

 - 

194

 - 

Riau

8,186

1,325

7,229

1,660

7,350

2,717

7,841

2,646

West 

Kalimantan

5,411

895

5,027

300

5,695

566

8,048

1,091

East 

Kalimantan

1,161

509

995

481

1,520

366

3,472

294

Singapore

25

 - 

29

 - 

28

 - 

25

 - 

The palm oil sector in Indonesia provides large employment 

opportunities, especially within rural communities.  With more 

than 19,000 permanent employees across our operations, we 

are committed to being a responsible employer and investing 

to ensure we offer rewarding employment opportunities. This 

means promoting fair and favourable working conditions, 

respecting human rights, providing development opportunities 

for our employees and ensuring a safe working environment.

OUR WORKFORCE

We directly employ 23,586 employees across our offices, 

plantations, mills and processing plants, 19,555 of which are 

permanent employees and 4,031 are contract employees.

To maintain efficient operations, some of our workers, such 

as seasonal workers, security guards and those needed for 

special construction projects, are sourced through third-

party contractors. This occurs mostly in Riau due to the 

close proximity of town workers who are more inclined to 

undertake part-time work.

WORKING 

CONDITIONS


39

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

LABOUR AND HUMAN RIGHTS

Labour and human rights issues in the palm oil industry, 

especially in supply chains, are of increasing concern and 

remain an industry-wide challenge. In response, we are 

renewing our focus on our own labour practices and reviewing 

them to ensure they are robust and fit for purpose in the 

current labour environment.

A pilot audit was done in Riau by Neste in December 2017. 

The audit included thorough field observations of workers 

performing their work duties, workers’ living conditions, 

estate’s amenities, examination of workers’ documents such 

as pay slips, letters and work agreements, as well as one-on-

one interviews with the workers in the field.

In 2018, the audit results were made available where areas 

of risk were identified. We followed up on these risk areas 

and made the required improvements. An example was a 

finding that inadequate training was being provided to the 

managers on the estate on workers’ rights. This was followed 

up with a socialisation and engagement programme focusing 

on labour rights for both the local management team as 

well as our workers. It was also found that not all children 

living on the estate attend school, which increases the risk 

of the children being asked by their parents to help out in 

the plantation. We have followed up by emphasising to 

our workers the importance of providing education to their 

younger generation and encouraging them to make use of 

the free education and transportation made available to their 

children. Some items are still work in progress, especially in 

areas where it involves a third-party agent (for casual workers) 

and areas where it takes time to change a cultural preference 

and practice. 

Fair Wages and Employee Benefits

The minimum wage in Indonesia differs from province to 

province as it is set by provincial and district authorities. First 

Resources follows the minimum wage agreements and all new 

guidelines or revisions to the existing agreements according 

to Regulation (Peraturan Pemerintah) No. 78 year 2015. 

Hence, First Resources has made the salary structure such 

that the lowest wage paid is at least the respective minimum 

wage (in-line with the regulation). In 2018, the wages paid 

to our workers met at least the provincial’s minimum wage 

requirements. 

LOWEST MONTHLY WAGE TO LEGAL MINIMUM 

WAGE BY REGION IN 2018

Monthly 

legal 

minimum 

wage (IDR)

First 

Resources 

lowest 

monthly 

wage (IDR)

Ratio 

 (for males 

and females)

Riau

2,617,484

2,617,484

1:1

West 

Kalimantan - 

Sanggau

2,145,310

2,145,310

1:1

West 

Kalimantan - 

Ketapang

2,562,000

2,562,000

1:1

East 

Kalimantan - 

Kubar

2,793,000

2,793,000

1:1

We keep records of all salaries and money paid to employees 

and contractors. Payment records are acknowledged by 

workers, and clarification is provided to ensure that payment 

calculations are understood. 

We also provide additional benefits to our employees, and 

the benefits received by permanent employees differ from 

those received by contract employees. First Resources pays 

an annual bonus to all permanent employees according 

to individual performance and the Group’s performance.  

Permanent employees are also provided with insurance 

coverage.

We aim to house all our plantation and mill employees and 

their families in a safe and healthy living environment on our 

estates. Besides housing and sanitation, our workers have 

access to other amenities such as running water, electricity, 

medical care, sports and recreational facilities, and places 

of worship. Educational facilities for employees’ children, 

such as kindergartens and primary schools, day care centres 

and school buses are also provided. We have identified 17 

areas of needs for workers living on estates, and through 

our programme “17 Kehidupan Pondok”, we are making 

improvements to these areas so that our employees can 

enjoy a better quality of life.


40

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

PERMANENT WORKFORCE DIVERSITY BY GENDER

2015

2016

2017

2018

Male

Female

Male

Female

Male

Female

Male

Female

Board

7

1

7

1

7

1

6

1

Senior Management

44

3

43

3

39

3

38

3

Middle Management

204

21

180

22

175

20

177

26

Workers

13,075

1,598

11,915

1,276

13,326

1,206

16,373

2,963

PERMANENT WORKFORCE DIVERSITY BY AGE GROUP IN 2018

&lt;30 years old

30-50 years old

&gt;50 years old

Board

0

4

3

Senior Management

 - 

22

19

Middle Management

8

165

30

Workers

7,459

11,298

579

Equal Opportunities

We are committed to offering job opportunities based on 

competence, skills and experience – regardless of ethnicity, 

race, religion, or gender. We treat all employees equally and 

reward them fairly based on merit.

Due to the manual nature of oil palm cultivation and 

processing, most of our plantation and mill workers are men. 

Male workers are typically assigned heavier physical tasks, for 

example harvesting and carrying fresh fruit bunches (FFB) to 

trucks for transportation. Women are typically assigned tasks 

including weeding, fertilising and the collection of loose fruits 

that have fallen to the ground. 




41

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining

We support the freedom of all our employees to form 

unions as a channel to communicate their expectations 

and aspirations. Our labour union is part of the KSPSI (the 

Workers’ Union Confederation). 

Each subsidiary and its labour union representatives have 

agreed upon a Collective Labour Agreement that aims to 

protect employees’ and employers’ rights and obligations. 

All our employees are protected by the Collective Labour 

Agreement, which covers industrial relations, working hours, 

remuneration, out-of-post assignments and transfers, social 

security and welfare, occupational health and safety, and 

employment termination.

We hold focus group discussions and meetings together with 

labour unions at least once a year. These dialogues enable us 

to take into consideration the aspirations of our employees 

and solicit their suggestions, input and criticism. 

Employees are also able to convey their aspirations through 

the human resources department. The Group communicates 

all changes related to employment via emails, circulars, or its 

internal portal.

Forced or Compulsory and Child Labour

In accordance with national labour laws and regulations, the 

Group does not tolerate forced or bonded labour, or the 

employment of under-aged children. 

For our plantation and mill operations, we ensure that 

employees are never subject to the unlawful withholding 

of wages, identification cards, passports or other travel 

documents without their consent. Where we have outsourced 

our manpower needs to external agencies, we have briefed 

these middlemen of our policies and practices. We will cease 

working with agencies found to be in breach. 

Our recruitment policies, work practices and procedures 

ensure that all employees are above 18 years of age, and 

that they understand their rights and obligations. We actively 

monitor that children do not assist their parents on our 

estates, as this practice is common in many parts of Indonesia. 

Constant reminders are sent to all workers and warnings are 

issued to those who violate our policies. 




42

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT

We enhance our performance in the long term by recruiting, 

developing and retaining talented people. This is why we 

continuously invest to improve our staff development 

programmes and strengthen our human capital. 

Every year, the First Resources Learning Centre assesses the 

training needs of our employees. Training is prioritised in line 

with the Group’s business and operational requirements. We 

have established regular training programmes that include 

field assistant training, mill assistant training, administration 

assistant training, and foreman training. Non-regular training 

programmes are also provided on topics such as harvesting 

management, fertilising management, e-plantation systems, 

seven tools management, problem solving and decision- 

making. Training is provided by First Resources’ coaches and 

specialist vendors, while continual on-the-job training and 

mentorships are provided by managers and supervisors. 

AVERAGE TRAINING HOURS PER PERMANENT 

EMPLOYEE, BY EMPLOYEE CATEGORY

2015

2016

2017

2018

Senior 

Management

3.2 

-

13.3

8.0

Middle 

Management

10.3 

0.6

19.0

30.1

Workers

17.9 

17.6

31.1

19.2

Our Learning Centre also runs graduate training programmes, 

for field assistants, palm oil mill assistants and administration 

assistants. Spanning five to six months, these programmes 

cover the technical, managerial and interactive skills required 

to work in First Resources’ estates and palm oil mills. As 

part of our recruitment drive, we have formed partnerships 

with universities in Java and Sumatra to provide internships 

for undergraduates and vocational school students. Our 

internship programme exposes students to administrative 

duties, plantation activities and palm oil mill operations.

As part of our efforts to retain and develop high potential 

employees as future leaders of the company, First Resources 

has implemented a career path system to offer different 

progression tracks. This is to ensure that all employees have 

the opportunity to develop at a pace that is suitable for them 

and employees with higher ambitions and performance can 

progress faster. 

Through a more structured career progression path, 

employees’ competencies are better developed and career 

planning within a vertical career path is facilitated. However, 

this does not limit the career scope of an employee as 

horizontal career paths between departments can also take 

place. This approach is expected to help us maintain a highly 

competent, motivated and engaged workforce. 




43

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

HEALTH AND SAFETY

We are committed to providing a safe working environment 

for all our employees, as well as promoting a healthy lifestyle. 

We have medical teams in every operational area to support 

the health of our employees and their families. Our medical 

teams conduct routine check-ups and deliver various health 

programmes that aim to increase awareness about the 

benefits of a healthy lifestyle. These include healthy living tips, 

health education, and counselling related to chronic diseases.

We have implemented an Occupational Health and Safety 

(OHS) Management System across our estates. The OHS 

Management System complies with local regulations, 

including hazard identification and prevention, risk assessment 

and management, programme evaluation and continuous 

management system improvement. 

Prevention of Accidents and Fatalities

Our Health &amp; Safety Committees, which comprise management 

and staff representatives, are responsible for identifying 

and evaluating potential hazards, recommending corrective 

actions, following up on implemented recommendations, 

providing employees with education and training, and 

developing a grievance mechanism. 

Health and safety topics are discussed with employees 

during daily morning meetings. In addition, we have OHS 

manuals and procedures, working instructions, emergency 

response drills and other activities to ensure all employees 

are aware of the health and safety risks related to their jobs. 

OHS considerations are also incorporated into the Collective 

Labour Agreement with the workers’ union. These include 

provisions for equipping estate workers with personal 

protective equipment (PPE) and the establishment of Health 

&amp; Safety Committees. 

In addition, we maintain an Emergency Response Team on 

standby to attend to any immediate health and safety-related 

crisis. 

We aim to reduce accidents, injuries and fatalities in our 

operations. All work-related accidents are recorded and 

evaluated. Recommendations are then implemented to 

prevent the reoccurrence of similar incidents. 

The main hazards in plantations include falling sharp fronds 

and bunches during the harvesting process, and sharp fronds 

on the ground. These are associated with relatively short-

term injuries such as cuts and thorn-pricks. To minimise the 

risk of injury, all harvesters are provided with safety helmets, 

gloves and boots. 

Hazards in palm oil mills include overhead sling conveyors, 

slippery floors, hot steam and loud noises. Workers are 

regularly reminded to be vigilant and are briefed during daily 

shift meetings on any potential health and safety issues (e.g. 

risk of fires).

We are pleased to record a significant reduction in the rate 

of recordable injury over the past four years due to the 

socialisation of safety practices. Although we make every 

effort to ensure the safety of our employees, we regret to 

report that there were two fatalities in our operations in 2018. 

Both of these were caused by traffic accidents, one in West 

Kalimantan and one in Riau. We are reviewing the actions 

required to prevent the occurrence of such fatal accidents in 

the future.

FATALITIES 

(employees)

3.0

2.5

2.0

1.5

1.0

0.5

2015

2016

2017

2018

 Number    Rate (per 1,000,000 hours worked)

0.0

3

3

2

2

0.20

0.11

0.08

0.05

RECORDABLE WORK-RELATED INJURIES  

(employees)

3,000

2,500

2,000

1,500

1,000

500

2015

2016

2017

2018

 Number    Rate (per 1,000,000 hours worked)

0

2,101

2,101

2,521

2,133

139.19

79.16

105.16

55.08


44

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

Customers of First Resources comprise primarily traders, 

palm oil refiners, and renewable energy producers. We sell 

our products in both local and export markets. For our export 

sales, we mainly sell them on Free on Board (FOB) basis 

to our customers who then ship the products globally, the 

biggest markets being India, China and Europe. It is therefore 

essential that we work closely with our customers to meet 

their varying needs and respond to the growing market 

demand for traceable and sustainable palm oil.

PROTECTING CONSUMER HEALTH

While First Resources does not produce consumer brands, 

we are committed to safeguarding consumer health. We 

have therefore put in place relevant certification systems 

to ensure that our processing plants achieve and adhere to 

best practices for product quality and safety standards. Our 

kernel crushing plant has been certified to Hazard Analysis 

and Critical Control Points (HACCP), and good manufacturing 

practices (GMP)+B2 standards. In 2018, we had successful 

surveillance audits for these certifications, ensuring that the 

systems are effectively maintained. In 2019, we plan to certify 

both our refineries to HACCP and GMP as well.

SUSTAINABILITY CERTIFICATIONS

Obtaining relevant industry sustainability certifications 

helps us to demonstrate our commitment to adopting best 

practices and standards for responsible production, as well 

as to meet the growing market demand for sustainable palm 

oil. As such, we continue to participate in various industry 

schemes including the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil 

(RSPO), Indonesia Sustainable Palm Oil (ISPO), International 

Sustainability 

Carbon 

Certification 

(ISCC) 

and 

HVO 

Verification.

Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) 

The RSPO is the leading global sustainability standard in palm 

oil production and was developed as a partnership between 

private sector stakeholders along the palm oil value chain and 

civil society organisations. First Resources has been a member 

of the RSPO since 2008.

We received our first RSPO certification in May 2018, followed 

by a second one in November 2018. These certifications are 

for two of our mills located in Riau. We are currently working 

towards obtaining certifications for all of First Resource’s mills 

by 2024, with audits planned for three mills located in Riau 

in 2019. 



CUSTOMERS

Indonesia Sustainable Palm Oil (ISPO) 

The ISPO is a government-led effort to create a system for 

sustainable palm oil production and certification. Its aims are 

to enhance Indonesia’s competitiveness in the global palm 

oil market and reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from 

Indonesian oil palm plantations and operations. ISPO is a 

mandatory certification scheme regulated by the Indonesian 

Ministry of Agriculture.

As at 31 December 2018, nine of our estates have achieved 

ISPO certification and an additional estate has completed 

audits. We aim to achieve full ISPO certification for all our 

business units by 2020. 


45

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

International Sustainability Carbon Certification (ISCC) 

The ISCC is a globally leading certification scheme with 

the objective to contribute to the implementation of 

environmentally, socially and economically sustainable 

production and use of biomass in global supply chains. Its 

sustainability requirements include ecological aspects such as 

protection of high carbon stock (HCS) areas, social aspects 

such as safe working conditions, compliance with laws and 

international treaties, monitoring of GHG emissions, and 

good management practices. 

In 2018, we have successfully renewed all our ISCC 

certifications and obtained new certification for another of 

our estate. As at 31 December 2018, 51,020 hectares of our 

nucleus plantations are certified under the ISCC scheme – 

28% of our total nucleus plantation area. In addition, six of 

the Group’s 15 palm oil mills and both our processing and 

bulking units are ISCC certified. We are thus able to provide 

customers with a fully traceable product under the ISCC 

scheme. 

HVO Verification 

The HVO Verification Scheme is a sustainability verification 

system designed to verify biofuel’s compliance with the 

sustainability criteria embedded in the European Union 

Renewable Energy Directive (EU RED). It covers all raw 

materials for hydrotreated vegetable oil (HVO) products, 

defines traceability and sets GHG emissions goals. It also 

sets clear criteria for waste and residue materials. The HVO 

system development has been led by Neste, a big producer of 

renewable diesel and one of our customers. We started this 

certification in 2017 to fulfil our customer’s needs. Now, both 

our refineries are HVO certified.

CERTIFICATION STATUS

2015

2016

2017

2018

RSPO

-

-

-

10%

ISPO

43%

43%

43%

49%

Note:  The above reflects the Group’s certified nucleus area as percentage 

of total nucleus area




46

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

The contents of this report have been determined based on 

ongoing stakeholder dialogue and a review of sustainability 

issues that are critical to First Resources. It should be read 

in conjunction with First Resources’ Annual Report and 

website, as some information will be accessible through those 

channels. The reporting exercise allows us to take stock of our 

progress on these sustainability issues and is an important 

facet of our accountability to stakeholders. It forms part of a 

broader two-way dialogue with our stakeholders that seeks to 

build mutual understanding and respect.

SCOPE OF THE REPORT

This report covers the operations of First Resources in 

Indonesia and Singapore. We produce a sustainability report 

on an annual basis and the content of this report focuses 

primarily on activities carried out within the financial year 

ending 31 December 2018. Where applicable, data from 

previous financial years has been included for comparison.

In 2018, we updated our material sustainability issues as 

described on page 10. There have been no restatements of 

information and there are no other significant changes in the 

scope of our reporting from previous reports. The publication 

date of our last sustainability report was 18 May 2018. 

REPORTING FRAMEWORK

First Resources produces its sustainability report in line with 

the Singapore Exchange’s (SGX) Sustainability Reporting Guide 

and Rule. We have chosen to reference the Global Reporting 

Initiative (GRI) Standards as our reporting framework. This 

report has been prepared to be in accordance with GRI 

Standards – Core option. This includes adhering to the 

following GRI principles for defining report content: 

• 

Stakeholder Inclusiveness 

• 

Sustainability Context 

• 

Materiality 

• 

Completeness

DATA AND ASSURANCE

We have not engaged a third party in the assurance of our 

sustainability report this year. However, we believe that the 

in-depth assessments we have undertaken in material areas 

such as High Carbon Stock (HCS), High Conservation Value 

(HCV) and Free, Prior and Informed Consent (FPIC), as well 

as documentation on the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil 

(RSPO) website on our complaints handling, provide strong 

independent verification of our performance. Furthermore, 

all of the data included in this report has been subject to 

rigorous review as part of our internal processes.

CONTACT

We welcome feedback from all our stakeholders. If you have 

questions or comments on this report, or on our sustainability 

performance in general, please contact us: 

First Resources Limited  

8 Temasek Boulevard, 

#36-02 Suntec Tower Three  

Singapore 038988  

Tel: +65 6602 0200  

Email: sustainability@first-resources.com

ABOUT THIS

REPORT


47

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

We follow the guidelines and requirements of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards, which set out the principles and 

standard disclosures that organisations can use to report their economic, environmental, and social performance and impacts. 

This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option. 

Our GRI Content Index specifies each of the GRI Standards used and lists all disclosures included in this sustainability report, 

annual report and website. Where information is not available, reasons for omissions are stated. 

Disclosure 

Number 

Disclosure

Page reference/Reasons for omissions

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE

102-1

Name of the organisation

2

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

Annual Report 3

102-3

Location of headquarters

Annual Report 24

102-4

Location of operations

Annual Report 4-5

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Annual Report 58, 143

102-6

Markets served

44, Annual Report 3

102-7

Scale of the organisation

38, Annual Report 4-5, 10

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

38

102-9

Supply chain

34

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain

There were no significant changes to the 

organisation and its supply chain within the 

reporting year.

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

First Resources does not explicitly refer to 

the precautionary principle or approach in 

its risk management principles. Please see 

our approach to materiality on page 10 and 

risk management on page 34 of Annual 

Report. 

102-12

External initiatives

13

102-13

Membership of associations

13

STRATEGY

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

2-3

102-15

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

2-3, 10-11

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour

6

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics

8

GOVERNANCE

102-18

Governance structure

9

102-19

Delegating authority

9

GRI 

CONTENT INDEX


48

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

102-20

Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, 

and social topics

9

102-21

Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, and 

social topics

9, 12-13

102-22

Composition of the highest governance body and its 

committees

Annual Report 24, 26

102-23

Chair of the highest governance body

Annual Report 24, 26

102-24

Nominating and selecting the highest governance body

Annual Report 27-30

102-26

Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values, 

and strategy

9

102-28

Evaluating the highest governance body’s performance

Annual Report 30-31

102-32

Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting

9-10

102-35

Remuneration policies

Annual Report 31-33

102-36

Process for determining remuneration

Annual Report 31-33

102-37

Stakeholders’ involvement in remuneration

Annual Report 31-33

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

12-13

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

41

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

12-13

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

12-13

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

12-13

REPORTING PRACTICE

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

46

102-46

Defining report content and topic Boundaries

10-11

102-47

List of material topics

10-11

102-48

Restatements of information

46

102-49

Changes in reporting

10, 46

102-50

Reporting period

46

102-51

Date of most recent report

46

102-52

Reporting cycle

46

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

46

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

46

102-55

GRI content index

47-53

102-56

External assurance

46


49

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

MATERIAL ISSUES

ECONOMIC 

PRODUCTIVITY 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

10, 14

103-2

The management approach and its components

14-16

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

14-16

COMMUNITY INVESTMENT 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

10, 30

103-2

The management approach and its components

32-33

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

32-33

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

32, Annual Report 49-57

203-1

Infrastructure investments and services supported

32-33

203-2 

Significant indirect economic impacts 

32-33

BUSINESS CONDUCT AND CORRUPTION 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

11

103-2

The management approach and its components

Annual Report 39

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Annual Report 39

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies 

and procedures

Annual Report 39

ENVIRONMENT  

CONSERVATION AND MANAGEMENT OF HIGH CONSERVATION VALUE (HCV) AREAS 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

10, 17

103-2

The management approach and its components

17-18

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

17-18

304-1

Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, 

protected areas and areas of high biodiversity value outside 

protected areas

17-18

304-2

Significant impacts of activities, products, and services on 

biodiversity

17-18

304-3

Habitats protected or restored

17-18

304-4

IUCN Red List species and national conservation list species 

with habitats in areas affected by operations

First Resources’ website 


50

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

PEATLAND MANAGEMENT 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

10, 17

103-2

The management approach and its components

20

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

20

PROTECTION OF HIGH CARBON STOCK (HCS) FORESTS 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

10, 17

103-2

The management approach and its components

19

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

19

FIRE PREVENTION AND MANAGEMENT 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

10, 17

103-2

The management approach and its components

21-22

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

21-22

GREENHOUSE GAS (GHG) EMISSIONS 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

10, 23

103-2

The management approach and its components

23-24

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

23-24

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

24

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

24

305-4

GHG emissions intensity 

23

305-5

Reduction of GHG emissions 

24

PEST MANAGEMENT AND CHEMICAL USAGE 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

10, 28

103-2

The management approach and its components

28-29

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

28-29

WASTE MANAGEMENT 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

10, 25

103-2

The management approach and its components

25-27

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

25-27

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method 

26


51

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

WATER AND EFFLUENTS 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

10, 25

103-2

The management approach and its components

25-27

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

25-27

303-5 

Water consumption 

25

306-1

Water discharge by quality and destination 

27

306-3

Significant Spills

There were no significant spills within the 

reporting year.

SOCIAL  

EMPLOYEE MANAGEMENT AND RETENTION 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

10, 38

103-2

The management approach and its components

38-42

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

38-42

401-2

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not 

provided to temporary or part-time employees

39

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

42

404-2

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 

assistance programs

42

LABOUR CONDITIONS AND HUMAN RIGHTS

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

10, 38

103-2

The management approach and its components

39-41

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

39-41

202-1

Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared to 

local minimum wage

39

408-1

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of 

child labour

41

409-1

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of 

forced or compulsory labour

41

412-1

Operations that have been subject to human rights reviews 

and impact assessments

39 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

10, 43

103-2

The management approach and its components

43

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

43

403-1

Occupational health and safety management system

43


52

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

403-2

Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident 

investigation

43

403-3

Occupational health services

43

403-4

Worker participation, consultation, and communication on 

occupational health and safety

43

403-5

Worker training on occupational health and safety

43

403-6

Promotion of worker health

43

403-7

Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety 

impacts directly linked by business relationships

43

403-9

Work-related injuries

43

REGULATORY COMPLIANCE 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

10

103-2

The management approach and its components

Annual Report  34-36

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Annual Report  34-36

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and 

economic area

5

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

10, 12-13

103-2

The management approach and its components

12-13

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

12-13

SMALLHOLDER INCLUSIVENESS 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

10, 37

103-2

The management approach and its components

37

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

37

RIGHTS OF INDIGENIOUS AND LOCAL COMMUNITIES 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

10, 30

103-2

The management approach and its components

30-31

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

30-31

411-1

Incidents of violations involving rights of indigenous peoples

31

413-1

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programs

30-31

413-2

Operations with significant actual and potential negative 

impacts on local communities

30-31


53

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

SUPPLY CHAIN TRACEABILITY AND TRANSPARENCY 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

10, 34

103-2

The management approach and its components

34-37

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

34-37

308-1

New suppliers that were screened using environmental 

criteria

36

308-2

Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and 

actions taken

36-37

414-1

New suppliers that were screened using social criteria

36

414-2

Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken 36

SUSTAINABILITY CERTIFICATION 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

10, 44

103-2

The management approach and its components

44-45

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

44-45


54

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

GLOSSARY  

OF TERMS

Balai Konservasi Sumber  

Daya Alam (BKSDA)

The Natural Resources Conservation Centre, an implementation unit under the 

Directorate General of Forest Protection and Nature Conservation of the Ministry 

of Forestry of the Republic of Indonesia tasked to manage conservation areas.

Biodiversity 

The diversity (number and variety of species) of plant and animal life within a region.

Biological Oxygen Demand (BOD)

The amount of oxygen used when organic matter undergoes decomposition by 

micro-organisms. Testing for BOD is done to assess the amount of organic matter 

in water.

Carbon Dioxide Equivalents (CO2e)

Carbon dioxide equivalent provides a universal standard of measurement against 

which the impacts of releasing (or avoiding the release of) different greenhouse 

gases can be evaluated.

Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) 

A measure of the capacity of water to consume oxygen during the decomposition 

of organic matter and oxidation of inorganic chemicals. 

Crude palm oil (CPO) 

Palm fruit oil extracted from the fruit’s flesh.

Deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) 

Hereditary material in humans and almost all other organisms.

Effluents

Water discharged from one source into a separate body of water, such as mill 

process water.

Extraction rate

The amount of oil extracted from oil palm fruit at a mill. Crude palm oil (CPO) is 

extracted from the flesh; palm kernel oil (PKO) from the nut.

Empty fruit bunch (EFB)

The remaining plant matter once the oil palm fruitlets have been removed.

Fresh fruit bunch (FFB)

Bunch harvested from the oil palm tree. The weight of the fruit bunch ranges 

between 10kg to 40kg depending on the size and age.

Free, Prior and Informed Consent 

(FPIC)

Principle that a community has a right to give or withhold its consent to proposed 

projects that may affect the lands they customarily own, occupy or use.

Greenhouse Gas (GHG)

A gas that has the property of absorbing and emitting infrared radiation, creating a 

greenhouse effect. 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)

A multi-stakeholder standard for sustainability reporting, providing guidance on 

determining report content and indicators.

High Conservation Values (HCVs)

HCVs are biological, ecological, social or cultural values which are outstandingly 

significant or critically important at the national, regional or global level.

High Carbon Stock (HCS) Approach

A practical methodology for distinguishing forest areas that should be protected 

from degraded lands that may be developed. It is a sequence of processes and 

assessments undertaken within two overarching modules: a social requirements 

module, which focuses on respecting communities’ rights to their lands; and an 

integration module, which includes the FPIC and HCV processes.

HVO Verification 

A sustainability verification system designed to verify biofuel’s compliance with 

the sustainability criteria embedded in the European Union Renewable Energy 

Directive (EU RED).

Integrated Fire Management (IFM)

An in-depth workplan for fire prevention, preparedness, response and recovery.

Indonesian Palm Oil Association 

(GAPKI) 

An organisation of oil palm growers and palm oil producers in Indonesia. 

Indonesia Sustainable Palm Oil (ISPO)

Mandatory national sustainable palm oil standard.

International Sustainability and 

Carbon Certificate (ISCC)

A global biomass and bioenergy certification scheme.


55

F I R S T  R E S O U R C E S  L I M I T E D          Sustainability Report 2018

IUCN Red List

Based in Switzerland, the International Union for Conservation of Nature and 

Natural Resources (also known as The World Conservation Union) is an organisation 

involved in the preservation of natural resources. IUCN publishes the Red Data 

Book, which lists the endangered species of every nation.

Non-governmental organisation (NGO) Used in this report to refer to grassroots and campaigning organisations focused on 

environmental or social issues.

Nucleus plantation 

Plantations owned by the group.

New Planting Procedures (NPP)

A set of assessments and verification activities developed by RSPO to be conducted 

by growers and certification bodies prior to a new oil palm development, in order to 

help guide responsible planting.

PalmGHG Calculator 

The PalmGHG Calculator is a tool developed by the RSPO Greenhouse Gas Working 

Group 2 to allow palm oil producers to estimate and monitor their net greenhouse 

gas emissions. The Calculator also enables palm oil producers to identify crucial 

areas in their production chain, thereby guiding emission reduction opportunities.

Palm oil mill effluent (POME)

By-product of processed fresh fruit bunch (FFB).

Peat

Peat is an accumulation of partially decayed vegetation matter. Peat forms in 

wetlands or peatlands, variously called bogs, moors, muskegs, pocosins, mires, and 

peat swamp forests.

Palm kernel (PK) 

Edible seed of the palm fruit. 

Plasma schemes

A programme initiated by the Indonesian government to encourage the development 

of smallholders’ plantations with the assistance and cooperation of plantation 

companies (the nucleus) which assist and support the surrounding community 

plantations (the plasma).

Personal protective equipment (PPE) 

Equipment that protects users from health and safety risks at work. 

Programme for Pollution Control, 

Evaluation and Rating (PROPER)

A national public environmental reporting initiative by the Indonesian Ministry of 

Environment to promote industrial compliance with pollution control regulations, 

facilitate and enforce the adoption of practices contributing to cleaner technologies, 

and ensuring a better environmental management system.

Rapid Biodiversity Analysis (RBA)

A rapid assessment to evaluate the state of a region’s biodiversity and the health 

of its ecosystems.

Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil 

(RSPO)

A multi-stakeholder organisation based in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The organisation 

has developed a certification scheme for sustainable palm oil.

RSPO Principles and Criteria (P&amp;C)

A set of stringent standards for sustainable palm oil production, which RSPO 

members must comply with. 

Stakeholders

Any group or individual who are affected by or can affect a company’s operations.

Standard operating procedures (SOPs)

A set of step-by-step instructions developed to help workers carry out complex 

routine operations.

Sustainability

A term expressing a long-term balance between social, economic and environmental 

objectives. Often linked to sustainable development, which is defined as 

“development that meets the need of current generations without compromising 

the needs of future generations”.

Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV)

An aircraft that is guided autonomously, by remote control, or both. 

World Health Organisation (WHO) 

Class 1A and 1B

Classification of hazardous level of active ingredients in pesticides according to the 

World Health Organisation. 1A is extremely hazardous and 1B is highly hazardous. 


FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED

Company Registration Number : 200415931M

8 Temasek Boulevard

#36-02 Suntec Tower Three

Singapore 038988

T: +65 6602 0200

F: +65 6333 6711

Email: contactus@first-resources.com

www.first-resources.com

