














SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT2017



F I R S T

R E S O U R C E S

L I M I T E D

















02   CEO’s Message

05   Targets and Progress

06   About First Resources

09 

Corporate Governance and Ownership

10 

Our Presence

12 

Our Operations

16   Our Approach to Sustainability

18 

No Deforestation, No Peat and No Exploitation

21 

Sustainability Management Structure

22 

Supply Chain Engagement and Traceability 

24 

Sustainable Palm Oil Certification

26   Environmental Responsibility

28 

Forest Mapping and Protection

32 

Fire Prevention

34 

Reducing Carbon Emissions

36 

Peat Management

37 

Water Accountability

38 

Chemicals and Pesticide Usage

40   Social Responsibility

42 

Community Engagement

43 

Community Investment

45 

Smallholders

46 

Working Conditions

49 

Health and Safety

50   Base Data

54   GRI Index

62   Stakeholder Engagement Table

64   About the Report

65   Glossary

67   Contact

CONTENTS








CEO’S

MESSAGE





Dear Stakeholders,

It gives me great pleasure to update you on First Resources’ 

sustainability performance, presenting what is now our 

fourth Sustainability Report covering the financial years 2016  

and 2017.

In many respects, 2017 was a good year for our Group.  

We achieved very healthy growth and productivity, and our 

crops are recovering well from the after-effects of the 2014–

2016 El Niño event, which blighted much of the previous 

year’s harvest. This is important progress from a business 

perspective as it is critical that we meet expectations for 

profitability and revenue growth. However, it is equally 

important for our long-term success to celebrate the great 

strides we have taken in our sustainability efforts. This report 

stands as a testament to the new levels we have reached in 

this regard. 

When our last report was released, we had just published 

our NDPE Policy, and were only beginning to discover the full 

weight of our commitments and the challenges they entail. For 

this reason, I am extremely proud of what we have achieved 

in the interim. Although we had implemented sustainability 

activities in the past, our NDPE Policy has provided a higher 

and clearer level of aspiration.

In many respects, 2017 was 

a good year for our Group. 

We achieved very healthy 

growth and productivity, and 

our crops are recovering well 

from the after-effects of the 

2014–2016 El Niño event, 

which blighted much of the 

previous year’s harvest.

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

2 


We have embraced new approaches in key areas, including 

labour standards and fire prevention, and have redoubled our 

efforts and investment to ensure that we are always at the 

forefront of best practice implementation. We have also made 

headway in our attempt to reduce and mitigate greenhouse 

gas emissions by committing substantial resources to build 

methane capture technology into our mills. In addition, 

we have invested heavily in community development 

programmes to ensure that our neighbours reap the benefits 

of oil palm development and continue to see our company as 

a force for good.

However, our biggest effort during the reporting period has 

unquestionably been the screening of our existing land 

bank to map out areas with important biodiversity values 

and ecosystems using the High Conservation Value and 

High Carbon Stock Approach methodologies. This aspect 

of our work has fundamentally changed our business: we 

now acknowledge that growing our business through new 

greenfield plantings is not a sustainable strategy. While we 

will certainly consider future opportunities to grow through 

acquisitions, we also recognise a clear limit in our ability to 

grow our land bank. 

We now therefore focus our attention on increasing the 

productivity of our existing land – a strategy that I believe 

has exciting potential. Focusing on yield increases through 

better agricultural practices, combined with an aggressive 

replanting programme using the best planting materials, has 

the potential to deliver superior and sustainable growth for 

our business. I am also excited about opportunities to apply 

new technology to enhance our plantations’ performance. 

These include the monitoring of plant and soil health using 

real time data, which will make further reductions in waste 

and cost possible.

These changes to our business have required a major shift in 

our approach to growth – as well as a big change in mindset – 

but I have no regrets. Robust NDPE policies are becoming the 

norm in the industry, and I am glad that we had the foresight 

to embrace it early. I am also very grateful for the support 

that our commercial stakeholders have shown towards our 

endeavours. Two years ago I said that sustainability was 

becoming a non-negotiable premise for being successful 

in the palm oil sector, and I remain convinced that this is  

the case.

The past few years have been a whirlwind, but I believe we 

have made good progress during the journey. We may not 

be quite as young and fast as we once were, but we have 

emerged as a more mature and wiser organisation – ready 

for a sustainable future in one of the world’s most exciting 

industries. We will no doubt continue to face challenges, 

but I am confident that we are now better prepared for what  

lies ahead.

Ciliandra Fangiono

Chief Executive Officer

First Resources Limited



FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

3





TARGETS

AND PROGRESS

TARGET

STATUS AS OF DECEMBER 2017

No development on HCS, HCV and peatland

· Achieved

· Such land has been carved out from the Group’s development 

plans since July 2015

· Completed 15 HCS assessments between 2015-2017, covering all 

110,000 hectares of the Group’s development land bank

No development without FPIC

·  Achieved

·   No new complaint on FPIC issues in the reporting period

100% traceability to mills

·   Achieved in 2017

100% traceability to plantation

·  Ongoing

·  96% traceability achieved in 2017

Zero fatalities

·  Not achieved in 2016 and 2017

 

Additional safety measures to prevent fatalities will be reviewed and 

implemented

Develop plans on GHG emissions reduction

·    Ongoing

·   Completed baseline GHG emissions calculations for our mills

·   Commissioned the development of two additional methane capture 

facilities for operation starting in 2019

Develop plans to phase out paraquat

·  Ongoing

·   Trials to test the viability of alternatives are currently in place

·   Target to progressively phase out usage by 2019

Full ISPO certification

·  Ongoing

·   Target to achieve full certification by 2020

Full RSPO certification

·  Ongoing

·   Target to achieve full certification by 2024 

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

5






ABOUT

FIRST RESOURCES





















ABOUT 

FIRST RESOURCES

First Resources is a vertically integrated producer of crude 

palm oil (CPO) and refined palm oil products. We manage 

over 210,000 hectares of oil palm plantations across the 

Indonesian provinces of Riau, East Kalimantan and West 

Kalimantan, making our company one of the leading palm 

oil producers in the region. First Resources is listed on the 

Singapore Exchange (SGX).

Our total planted area includes almost 30,000 hectares for 

plasma schemes owned by smallholders. We also operate 

15 palm oil mills, one kernel crushing plant, as well as 

downstream businesses including two processing plants 

in Indonesia. In addition to oil palm, we also manage over 

6,319 hectares of rubber plantations in the East Kalimantan 

province of Indonesia.

Financial Position

In 2017, our  revenue was USD 647.0 million, a 12.5% increase 

from 2016 (USD 575.2 million), and our underlying net profit 

rose 20.8% to USD 139.5 million (2016: USD 115.5 million). 

This was a result of higher average selling prices and sales 

volumes, in addition to significant productivity gains resulting 

from an increase in mature planted areas and a recovery from 

the effects of El Niño. In 2016, the Indonesian government’s 

biodiesel mandate was the single biggest demand driver for 

palm oil, injecting an incremental demand of approximately 

1.7 million tonnes for the year. 

Our Marketplace

More than 90% of our 2016 and 2017 crude palm oil (CPO) 

sales were domestic. This is mainly due to our integrated 

business model, in which we process our own upstream 

produce to make refined products and thereby capture 

additional value for our plantations.

The bulk of these refined products are sold to export markets 

through intermediate trading houses. 

UNDERLYING NET PROFIT

REVENUE

REVENUE AND UNDERLYING NET PROFIT

(USD million)





CPO SALES VOLUME

Note:  “Underlying net profit” is net profit attributable to owners of the Company 

adjusted to exclude net gains/losses arising from changes in fair value of  

biological assets.

REFINED PRODUCTS SALES VOLUME





6%

94%

15%

85%

Note:  CPO sales include intersegment sales from plantations to the 

processing plants. 

EXPORT

DOMESTIC

700

600

500

400

300

200

100

0

2014

2015

2016

2017

615.5

171.6

453.7

95.1

575.2

115.5

647.0

139.5

2017

2017

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

8 


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  

AND OWNERSHIP

First Resources has been listed on SGX since 2007. Eight 

Capital Inc. holds 65% of our company shares, a further 12% 

are held by two other substantial shareholders, while the rest 

are held by the public.

Board Composition

The Board of Directors (the Board) works in accordance with 

the recommendations of the Singapore Code of Corporate 

Governance 2012. The Board is composed of eight members 

and is led by an independent Chairman. There are five 

independent directors, one of whom is a woman. 

The primary functions of the Board are to manage the Group 

in the best interests of shareholders and other stakeholders, 

and to pursue the continual growth of shareholder value. 

Beyond its statutory responsibilities, the Board is also 

responsible for: 

• 

Reviewing and approving the Group’s business 

strategies, key operational initiatives, annual budgets, 

major investments, divestments and funding proposals.

• 

Ensuring that decisions and investments are consistent 

with medium- and long-term strategic goals.

• 

Providing oversight by identifying the principal risks that 

may affect the Group’s businesses and ensuring that 

appropriate systems are in place to manage these risks.

• 

The Group’s corporate governance practices.

The Board of First Resources is committed to sustainability. 

The Board takes into consideration the material environmental, 

social and governance factors identified for the Group in its 

development of business strategies and operations. 

Sustainability risk management is built into the Group’s risk 

management structure, and remains under the purview of 

the Board through the Audit Committee. Key sustainability 

issues and risks, including environmental management, 

labour management, and health and safety, are discussed 

and deliberated during senior management meetings led by 

our CEO. 

The Board is updated quarterly on significant developments 

and emerging issues relating to material sustainability risks 

and concerns. As part of the Group’s risk management 

process, key sustainability risks are included within the 

Group’s risk registers. The overall findings are reported 

to both the Audit Committee and the Board annually. The 

Group’s business objectives, which incorporate the Group’s 

sustainability policies, are translated into both quantitative and 

qualitative performance targets and are cascaded throughout 

the Group's operations.

Code of Conduct, Whistleblowing, and 

Grievance Procedure

Our Code of Conduct provides general guidance for all First 

Resources employees, including management. It outlines 

corporate values and ethical standards that are in line with 

the Group’s vision and mission. Areas covered under the 

Code of Conduct include professionalism and work ethics, 

conflicts of interest, political impartiality, anti-corruption and 

zero tolerance on fraud. 

All employees are required to comply with all applicable 

country laws, regulations and legal requirements. Any breach 

of the Code of Conduct can result in disciplinary action and 

termination of employment. The Code of Conduct is shared 

and communicated to all of our suppliers and other business 

partners.

First Resources has established a whistleblowing policy that 

is overseen by the Board’s Audit Committee. The policy 

guarantees that any stakeholder can confidentially raise 

concerns about ethical breaches or improprieties. 

Furthermore, our newly established grievance procedure 

enables stakeholders to raise sustainability-related concerns 

about our own operations, as well as those of our third party 

suppliers and associated companies.

Transparency

Our emphasis on business transparency grows ever stronger 

as we strive to meet the evolving needs and expectations our 

stakeholders. 

In addition to our annual report, we publish quarterly 

shareholder reports that include detailed financial and 

operational data. First Resources was an early adopter of the 

global reporting initiative (GRI) in the palm oil industry and we 

have reported our sustainability performance biennially since 

2011. We will increase the frequency of our reporting and 

publish an annual sustainability report starting this year.

We launched our Sustainability Policy in July 2015 with a 

commitment to provide regular updates on the implementation 

of the policy to enable stakeholders to track our progress, 

as well as data on traceability and updates on grievances 

filed by stakeholders. So far, we have published five progress 

reports. Starting in 2018, updates will be incorporated into 

our annual sustainability report. 

Every grievance filed is investigated and reported fairly 

and transparently on our grievance tracker which can be 

accessed on our Group website at www.first-resources.

com/sustainability. Periodic updates will be provided on our 

grievance cases.

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

9


OUR

PRESENCE



SINGAPORE

PONTIANAK

PEKANBARU

JAKARTA

BALIKPAPAN

Sumatra

Java

Kalimantan

Corporate

Office

Oil Palm

Plantation /

Land Bank

Oil Palm

Plantation

with Mill

Processing

Plant

Rubber

Plantation /

Land Bank

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

10 




15 

Palm oil mills

2  

Processing 

plants

6,319 

hectares of  

rubber plantations

210,001 

hectares of  

oil palm  

plantations

Refining &amp; Biodiesel 

combined capacity of 

850,000 

tonnes per annum

Kernel crushing

capacity of

210,000 

tonnes per annum

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

11


OUR

OPERATIONS



FIELD PLANTING 

After a year in the open field nurseries, seedlings in their 

best conditions are transplanted to the estates and are 

classified as immature palms.

MILLING 

We aim to transport harvested FFB to mills within a 24-

hour window. This ensures that the FFB is milled with 

minimal spoilage, another key control for maximising 

CPO output and yield. The milling process involves the 

separation of the fruitlets from the bunches and the 

crushing of the fruitlets to obtain CPO and PK.

PROCESSING 

Through our refinery, fractionation, biodiesel and kernel 

crushing plants, the CPO and PK are processed 

into higher value palm-based products. This vertical 

integration enables the Group to extract maximum 

value out of our plantation assets.

NURSERY CULTIVATION 

Our palm oil seeds are produced in our dedicated seed 

garden. The seeds are cultivated in our pre-nurseries 

before they are transferred to our open field nurseries. 

Seedling development is closely supervised and a 

stringent culling process is observed.

01

02

05

06

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

12 




UPKEEP 

For the first three years, immature palms undergo an 

intensive upkeep programme which involves fertilisation 

and weeding. The upkeep programme for mature 

palms is largely similar except for the lower frequency 

of certain upkeep work. Our research station provides 

specific agronomy recommendations based on trials 

and tests done on each block of plantation.

HARVESTING 

Harvesting of FFB from the palms begin only when an 

appropriate number of fruitlets start detaching from the 

FFB, indicating optimal ripeness. Optimal ripeness is 

critical in maximising CPO output and yield.

SALES TO CUSTOMERS

Our products are sold to both local and international markets. 

Our product offerings are:

•  Crude Palm Oil

•  Refined Palm Oil Products

•  Biodiesel

•  Palm Kernel Products

03

04

07



FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

13


OUR

OPERATIONS

Around 78% of our fresh fruit bunches (FFB) are cultivated in 

Riau, where the majority of our mature plantations are located. 

Our West Kalimantan estates are now reaching maturity and 

contributed around 20% of the total FFB produced in 2017. 

Our latest developments in East Kalimantan are primarily new 

plantings, so their FFB contribution is minimal at around 2%. 

In 2017, the Group produced approximately 3 million tonnes 

of FFB (from both nucleus and plasma estates) and over 

700,000 tonnes of CPO.

PLASMA

NUCLEUS

Yields

We are constantly working to enhance our productivity through 

the implementation of best and sustainable management 

practices. However, as in all agribusinesses, our yields and 

extraction rates are dependent on a combination of complex 

factors – including weather and climatic conditions, pests, 

soil types, as well as agricultural practices such as fertilisation 

and harvest efficiency.  

Land and Production

All First Resources plantations are located within the three 

Indonesian provinces of Riau, West Kalimantan and East 

Kalimantan. Our own plantations cover 180,000 hectares, 

and we operate smallholder plasma schemes on another 

30,000 hectares.

Relatively few new plantings took place in 2016 and 2017 – 

just 2,426 hectares in total. This is mainly due to our extensive  

High Carbon Stock (HCS), High Conservation Value (HCV), 

peat assessments and free, prior and informed consent 

(FPIC) processes.

PLANTED AREA

(hectares)

250,000

200,000

150,000

100,000

50,000

0

2014

2015

2016

2017

28,631

165,936

29,237

178,338

29,293

179,398

30,480

179,521

CPO EXTRACTION 

RATE (%)

FFB YIELD PER 

MATURE HA (TONNES)

FFB YIELD AND CPO EXTRACTION RATE

25

20

15

10

5

0

2014

2015

2016

2017

18.7

22.8

19.0

22.7

16.8

22.5

17.5

22.2





62%

8%

30%

WEST KALIMANTAN

RIAU

EAST KALIMANTAN

2017

PLANTED AREA BY LOCATION

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

14 


Our yields are now recovering from the effects of the 

2014–2016 El Niño event, which affected harvests across 

Southeast Asia in 2016. A large proportion of our crops 

have now reached full maturity, and we expect continued 

improvements as a further 16,000 hectares reach maturity 

in 2018.

 

Our nucleus plantations have historically delivered better yields 

than our plasma smallholder plantations. We will continue to 

share best management practices with our smallholders to 

help them increase productivity.

Mechanisation

We are making significant investments to increase 

mechanisation in the field. Mechanical fertiliser application is 

already a standard practice at most of our estates in Riau and 

Kalimantan, as are motorised vehicles that can operate inside 

plantation blocks for FFB evacuation.

 

We are also using the Micron Herbi Sprayer for weed control 

across our estates, which enable us to minimise the handling 

of chemicals and the concomitant toxicity risks.

Enhanced Planting Materials 

Our plantation management programme is driven by the 

latest research and development. We have three facilities 

across our operations, the First Resources Research Centre 

based in Riau and two new research stations in West and 

East Kalimantan. These centres focus on innovations that 

target yield improvements, the mitigation of environmental 

impacts and crop management.

 

First Resources also invests in a number of breeding 

programmes that are aimed at developing higher-yielding 

planting material for our future planting and replanting 

activities. One of our projects involves the use of advanced 

biotechnology, where we are collaborating with a university 

partner on research into marker-assisted oil palm breeding 

selection. The benefit of using molecular/DNA markers over 

conventional breeding procedures is that breeders can 

screen many more plants at a very early stage, which can 

save several years of laborious work in the development of 

new crop varieties. This is particularly useful for crops like oil 

palm, where it can take three to four years, or even more, for 

a fruit phenotype to become fully apparent.

 

Our seed production unit became operational in 2016 and 

we will start using seeds from our own nursery with higher 

yield potential for our own replanting needs. For 2018 we will 

start rejuvenating our planted area by replanting around 800 

hectares of old plantations.

Downstream Operations

We have added two new mills to our operations since 

2015, opening one in West Kalimantan in 2016, and one 

in East Kalimantan in 2017. In addition to our 15 palm oil 

mills, we own and operate two processing plants in the Riau 

province, one in Pelintung and one in the seafront Integrated 

Processing Complex (IPC) in Dumai. These processing plants, 

which have a combined annual capacity of 850,000 tonnes, 

process CPO into products such as refined, bleached and 

deodorised palm olein, stearin and palm-based biodiesel.

The IPC also houses a kernel crushing plant and a jetty with 

bulking facilities. The kernel crushing plant processes the 

Group’s palm kernels into palm kernel oil and palm kernel 

expeller, and has an annual crushing capacity of 210,000 

tonnes (upgraded from 135,000 tonnes previously).
















OUR APPROACH

TO SUSTAINABILITY











NO DEFORESTATION, NO PEAT

AND NO EXPLOITATION

Our Values

Our core values guide everything we do. They direct our 

corporate strategies and drive our business goals. We believe 

in doing things right and with consideration for society and 

the communities in which we operate.

Loyalty: We are committed to growing our 

business and fulfilling our obligations to our 

stakeholders, including our employees, business 

partners, customers and shareholders.

Integrity: We are guided by strong corporate 

governance and good business ethics to build a 

foundation of trust, reliability and honesty.

Diligence: We are focused on delivering results 

and achieving our goals while maintaining high 

standards throughout our operations.

Persistence: We have a can-do attitude in facing 

challenges and we seek to achieve industry best 

practices in our operations.

Care: We value relationships and we seek to 

establish long-term partnerships with our people, 

customers, suppliers and the communities we 

operate in.

Our No Deforestation, No Peat,  

No Exploitation (NDPE) Policy

As part of the launch of our ambitious Policy on Sustainable 

Palm Oil in 2015, we made a public commitment to “No 

Deforestation, No Peat and No Exploitation”. By codifying 

our values and commitments on these issues, our NDPE 

Policy has enabled us to take a more systematic approach 

in communicating and engaging with our employees 

and external stakeholders so that the Group’s mandate 

is understood by all. Our efforts to ensure the effective 

implementation of the Policy have continued throughout the 

reporting period.

Our NDPE Policy statement includes the following 

commitments:

Environmental management

• 

No development on HCS forests, HCV or peat areas.

• 

Adopt agronomic best practices to minimise our 

environmental impact, which includes soil, waste and 

pest management.

• 

Develop plans to progressively reduce greenhouse gas 

emissions in our operations.

• 

Observe a strict zero-burning policy in new developments 

and replanting areas.

Community engagement and development

• 

Respect the rights of indigenous and local communities 

to give or withhold their free, prior and informed consent 

(FPIC) for the utilisation of land.

• 

Resolve conflicts in an open, transparent and consultative 

manner.

• 

Drive positive socioeconomic impacts for people and 

communities through job creation and investments 

in plasma projects and community development 

programmes.

Employee relations and workplace

• 

Respect the workplace rights of all our employees, 

including contract and casual workers.

• 

Prohibit the use of forced, trafficked or child labour, 

and any discrimination, harassment or abuse of our 

employees.

• 

Provide a safe and healthy workplace environment for all 

our employees.

Traceable and transparent supply chain

• 

Suspend sourcing from suppliers found to be engaged 

in the development of HCS, HCV or peat areas, in the 

use of fires during land preparations or in the exploitation 

of local communities, and who do not take immediate 

remedial actions.

• 

Maintain constant engagement with suppliers with the 

aim of developing a responsible supply chain.

• 

Establish a traceable and transparent palm oil supply 

chain.

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

18 


Response to and Impact of our NDPE 

Policy

Although our NDPE Policy had a significant initial impact on 

the Group as it removed a sizeable plantable area from our 

existing land bank, the response from our stakeholders has 

been very encouraging. In general, investors, customers, 

financial institution partners and many international NGOs 

have applauded our commitments, recognising that the 

Policy will deliver greater and more lasting value in the longer 

term. Our ranking on the Zoological Society of London 

(ZSL) Sustainable Palm Oil Transparency Initiative has also 

improved tremendously, from an 18% score to a 62% score 

since 2014. Beyond these positive responses, however, we 

remain mindful of our ongoing task to translate our NDPE 

commitments into action on the ground.

We worked closely with four First Resources buyers that 

undertook mill verification visits at our operations. During 

these visits, the buyers focused on checking our subsidiaries’ 

legal compliance, environmental standards and policies, 

traceability of FFB/CPO, and labour practices including 

health and safety policies, and grievance and whistleblowing 

platforms. Plasma and community development programmes 

were also scrutinised.

We are pleased that the assessments resulted in positive 

reports on our subsidiaries’ performance in these areas. 

Reports of the site visits have been shared with management, 

and where appropriate, recommendations for improvements 

have been implemented accordingly. 

First Resources sustainability teams have also found the visits 

insightful, enabling us to exchange feedback and deepen our 

understanding on new sustainability developments such as 

traceability frameworks and supply chain audits.



FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

19


NO DEFORESTATION, NO PEAT

AND NO EXPLOITATION

Monitoring and Grievance Procedure

We have two distinct complaints mechanisms: our 

whistleblowing procedure and our grievance procedure. Both 

mechanisms are open to external and internal stakeholders.

Our whistleblowing procedure is designed to ensure that 

employees and contractors have a safe, anonymous 

and straightforward channel to alert us to concerns,  

non-compliances or grievances. The system makes use of 

easy-access tools, including anonymous complaints boxes 

in estates, and SMS, phone and email services. Complaints 

raised through these channels are generally handled locally, 

but can be escalated where necessary. 

We also have a grievance procedure in place for stakeholders 

to register higher level concerns, particularly with regard to 

our NDPE policy, such as those related, deforestation, land 

disputes, human rights or general labour issues. 

As much as we try to set up systems and procedures to 

ensure our operations work in line with our NDPE Policy, we 

recognise that there will always be some level of risk due 

to the complexity of sustainability issues, especially those 

involving communities and land rights. We therefore regard 

our grievance procedure as a tool to help us monitor our 

operations with the assistance of external stakeholders.

In this context, our objective is to have stakeholders 

approach us directly with their concerns so that these can be 

escalated to the corporate level and investigated, remedied or 

addressed at an early stage. We believe that we have learned 

and benefitted as an organisation from every past grievance 

filed, and we appreciate NGOs that have engaged positively 

with us and helped us to address gaps in our operations.

We have therefore revised the way we communicate with 

our stakeholders about grievances. Our new approach is 

designed to be more proactive and systematic, providing 

summarised clarifications to concerns or complaints that 

have been made known to us either through media reports, 

stakeholder feedback, the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm 

Oil (RSPO) complaints mechanism, or directly through our 

own grievance procedure. The aim is to provide factual and 

transparent information to all our stakeholders, regardless of 

whether the Group has fallen short and needs to address 

the gaps, or the concerns prove to be unsubstantiated. For 

transparency purposes, these summarised clarifications are 

available on our website.

Investigation

Verification

Implementation and 

monitoring

Action plan

GRIEVANCE PROCEDURE

Preliminary validation

Fact finding

Is grievance valid?

Complaint and evidence received from  

stakeholders through media reports, whistle  

blowing  or grievance mechanism

Internal/external grievance

Development of action plan

Continuous engagement with 

external parties (constructive 

feedback provided)

Internal

Invalid

Implementation &amp; monitoring  

of progress

Monitoring of progress

Resolution/settlement

Case closed

Clarify with complainant 

and close case with 

explanation

Documentation kept  

for records

External

Valid

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

20 


SUSTAINABILITY

MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE

CEO

Head of Sustainability

Regional

Sustainablity

Teams

Sustainability 

Systems, 

Compliance and 

Certification

Sustainability 

Strategy, Planning 

and Implementation

Stakeholder 

Engagement and 

Communications

Supported by Regional 

Operations Teams – upstream 

and downstream

We seek to maintain management systems and structures 

that allow for the robust and effective implementation of 

our sustainability policies. In addition to Board oversight, 

sustainability issues are now regularly addressed in 

quarterly senior management meetings. In addition, we 

have integrated sustainability components throughout our 

management systems. This has included incorporating 

sustainability indicators into the key performance indicators 

for our operations teams.  

Our Head of Sustainability reports directly to the CEO and 

is supported by a team of highly skilled experts. On the 

ground, the regional operations teams provide regular cross-

departmental updates on key issues – including hotspots and 

fire incidents, the status of land clearing, and any incidents of 

conflict with local communities – to the regional and corporate 

sustainability teams.

The sustainability team also makes extensive use of outside 

expertise, especially in emerging areas of sustainability 

knowledge and practice, such as the HCS Approach 

assessments and participatory mapping.

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

21


Supplier Engagement

• Educate and support suppliers by engaging 

key suppliers to convey our sustainable goals, 

developments and expectations

Supply Chain Traceability

• Encourage accountability of suppliers by 

developing a traceable and transparent supply 

chain

Supplier Assessment

• Influence behaviours of suppliers by including 

sustainability criteria in supplier assessments

Stakeholder Collaboration

• Detect risks in our supply chain by working with 

stakeholders through an established grievance 

procedure

FIRST RESOURCES SUSTAINABLE SUPPLY CHAIN FRAMEWORK

SUPPLY CHAIN ENGAGEMENT

AND TRACEABILITY

One of the key commitments in our Sustainability Policy is 

to ensure that our oil and refined products can be traced to 

their origin – initially to the palm oil mill, but ultimately to the 

plantation. Our goal is to create greater transparency in our 

supply chain and, in the process, decouple our products from 

the risk of deforestation and exploitation. 

In 2017 we employed our Sustainable Supply Chain 

Framework, a multi-pronged strategy comprising supplier 

engagement, 

stakeholder 

collaboration, 

supply 

chain 

traceability and supplier assessment.

Supplier Engagement

In 2015 we completed desktop assessments – including a 

50-kilometre boundary mapping exercise - to determine 

which of our mills have potential high-risk FFB sources due 

to their proximity to protected forests and moratorium areas 

designated by the local government. Over the last 18 months 

we have focused on socialising our NDPE Policy with our 

external suppliers. One-on-one meetings and group sessions 

have been held at our various locations to help suppliers 

understand our policies and the importance of aligning their 

practices with our requirements. To date, all feedback from 

participating suppliers has been supportive and constructive.

Through constant dialogue with our suppliers, especially 

smaller plantations, we hope to build a relationship of mutual 

trust so that they feel confident in sharing information about 

the challenges they face in meeting new sustainability 

standards. A strong rapport with suppliers will strengthen our 

ability to support them in their sustainability efforts without 

compromising on our policies.  

As we have yet to engage all our FFB suppliers, and as new 

suppliers are constantly added to our list, we will continue our 

outreach efforts throughout 2018, with particular focus on 

the West and East Kalimantan regions. Risk assessments will 

also be refreshed for all suppliers focusing on key risk factors, 

such as proximity to forest areas, the peat moratorium, 

fires and hotspots. Once this exercise is completed, we will 

prioritise specific engagement programmes as required.

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

22 




Traceability

For CPO to be fully traceable, First Resource requires the 

company name, mill name, mill address and geographical 

coordinates. Where any part of this information is incomplete, 

CPO volumes from that particular supplier is treated as 

“untraceable”, which does not mean that we do not know 

the source but that they do not fulfil the criteria for what we 

consider traceable. Our commercial team works closely with 

our sustainability team to achieve our Group’s traceability 

targets through active engagement with suppliers.

By 2016, approximately 94% of the CPO processed by our 

refineries was traceable to mills. In 2017, we purchased 

6% of our CPO feedstock from external suppliers and we 

managed to obtain all the necessary data to achieve 100% 

traceability to mills.

Of all the FFB processed in our mills in 2017, 93% came 

from our own plantations and plasma schemes, while the 

remaining 7% was sourced from third party suppliers. These 

include independent smallholders, medium-sized outgrowers 

and neighbouring plantation companies. Fruits are also 

purchased from local traders who collect the fruits from the 

surrounding area and sell them to the most convenient mill.

As for traceability to plantations, in 2017 we made progress 

on obtaining data required for tracing FFB sourced from 

third parties. Taken together with the FFB supplies from 

our nucleus and plasma plantations, 96% of our FFB was 

traceable to estates.

In addition, we have published a full list of  our CPO suppliers 

on our website. We believe this will increase transparency 

and help us mitigate the risk of policy non-compliance in our 

supply chain. We have also shared our estate and plasma 

maps with the RSPO.

We assess our suppliers carefully as we need to ensure 

that they can incorporate the requirements of our NDPE 

policy without disruption in the supply chain. Through the 

multi-pronged strategy outlined above, we hope to develop 

a responsible supply chain that is in line with our Group’s 

sustainability goals.

2017

2016

TRACEABILITY STATUS

% Traceability to mill

% Traceability to plantation

94%

100%

90%

96%



81%

7%

12%

PLASMA

NUCLEUS

THIRD PARTIES

FFB PROCESSED BY SOURCE

2017

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

23


Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil 

(RSPO) 

First Resources has been a member of the RSPO since 2008. 

The RSPO is the leading global sustainability standard in palm 

oil production and was developed as a partnership between 

private sector stakeholders along the palm oil supply chain 

and civil society organisations.

We have completed audits for two mills in Riau. However, 

we have not been able to complete the RSPO certification 

process due to an outstanding complaint that was raised 

through the RSPO Complaints System in 2011. As of April 

2018, following First Resources’ proactive efforts to resolve 

the complaint, the suspension has been lifted and we have 

resumed the certification process for both mills with a target 

for completion in 2018. We will work towards completing 

certification for all First Resources mills by 2024. 

Indonesia Sustainable Palm Oil (ISPO)

ISPO is a government-led effort to create a system for 

sustainable palm oil production and certification. Its aims 

are to enhance Indonesia’s competitiveness in the global 

palm oil market and reduce greenhouse gas emissions from 

Indonesian oil palm plantations and operations. ISPO is a 

mandatory certification scheme regulated by the Indonesian 

Ministry of Agriculture.

In December 2016, First Resources received an award from 

the Indonesian Ministry of Agriculture for having the third 

largest area covered by ISPO certification in Indonesia.  As 

at 31 December 2017, eight of our units had achieved ISPO 

certification, two additional units have completed audits and 

we aim to complete ISPO certification for all our business 

units by 2020.

International Sustainability Carbon 

Certification (ISCC)

In addition to the RSPO and ISPO sustainability certification 

schemes, we have also certified 27% of our operations 

against the ISCC standard (See page 35).

SUSTAINABLE PALM OIL  

CERTIFICATION

CERTIFICATION STATUS

2014

2015

2016

2017

RSPO 

-

-

-

-

ISPO

27%

43%

43%

43%

Note: 

The above reflects the Group’s certified nucleus area as a percentage of total nucleus area.

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

24 




FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

25






ENVIRONMENTAL

RESPONSIBILITY



























FOREST MAPPING

AND PROTECTION

Mapping High Carbon Stock Areas

We have developed a broad-based land use planning 

procedure as part of our commitment to halting deforestation. 

This procedure is based on best practices and emerging 

stakeholder-supported standards. We have ceased all 

development of HCS forests as defined by the HCS Approach 

Steering Group. 

To ensure robust implementation of the HCS Approach, 

we have ramped up our internal capacity and engaged 

external experts. In 2015, we sent relevant teams for HCS 

Approach Practitioner Training to guide them through the 

implementation of the HCS assessment process and toolkit. 

We have also engaged independent consultants to verify 

HCS assessments.

Since the introduction of our Policy, we have carried out a 

total of 15 HCS assessments covering all 110,000 hectares of 

our development land bank. These assessments took more 

than two years to complete as extensive work was required 

for ground truthing, patch analysis and initial consultations 

with local communities. We have also conducted Rapid 

Biodiversity Analysis (RBA) for seven of the concessions 

where follow-up analyses were necessary. These analyses 

helped to fine-tune the contours of our HCS areas.

Approximately 20,000 hectares, or 20%, of our existing 

development land bank are currently identified as “No-Go 

Areas”. These are areas with potential HCS, HCV or peat 

content, and have therefore been carved out from the Group’s 

development plans, in accordance with our Sustainability 

Policy.

Our ongoing forest protection efforts will largely be centred 

on ensuring internal compliance in relation to these No-Go 

Areas. We have set up internal control procedures to mitigate 

the risks of accidental non-compliance. We are also using 

satellite imagery, updated on a monthly basis, to detect land-

clearing activities on the ground.

Based on our observations and ground checks we have 

concluded that in most cases where deforestation and/or 

degradation has occurred, it has been carried out by local 

communities clearing land to support their livelihood and 

subsistence farming. Not all communities are aware and 

supportive of the HCS concept, and we see this as the 

biggest challenge to the successful conservation of the HCS 

areas that the Group has set aside from development.

Protecting Endangered Species and HCV 

Areas

The conservation of biodiversity is a core aspect of responsible 

agriculture and landscape planning. Indonesia has a rich 

and immensely varied ecosystem and we acknowledge that 

sustainable palm oil production has an important role to play 

in protecting the habitats of rare and endangered species. Our 

conservation priorities include forest sustainability, riverbank 

integrity, water source preservation, soil health, ecosystem 

vitality, and species preservation.

As part of our commitment to the RSPO Principles and Criteria 

(P&amp;C) and the NPP, all new developments undergo third-party 

HCV assessments undertaken by an expert approved under 

the HCV Licensed Assessor Scheme. Assessors evaluate 

habitat quality, soil conditions, peat presence, river quality, 

and community cultural identity. HCV assessments are made 

publicly available on the RSPO website, as well as on the 

HCV Resource Network portal.

The Group currently has a combined 4,543 hectares of 

identified HCV areas. These areas are not further developed 

into oil palm plantations. We strive to protect HCV areas 

and signboards are placed at strategic spots to highlight 

these areas within our concessions. We have also formed 

conservation taskforces at two of our concessions to monitor 

the condition of their HCV areas more closely.

We have introduced HCV awareness programmes at our 

estates to educate workers and local communities about the 

importance of biodiversity conservation. These programmes 

inform and guide employees and communities on the 

restrictions imposed on HCV areas. 

We have also collaborated with local conservation agencies to 

strengthen the management of rare and endangered species 

found on our estates, and to educate local communities about 

the importance of protecting wildlife. With assistance from 

Balai Konservasi Sumber Daya Alam (BKSDA) a local NGO 

and conservation agent, conservation taskforces have been 

equipped and trained to undertake manual HCV monitoring, 

the handling of orangutans and other wildlife species, and 

the use of conservation software tools. These teams conduct 

daily patrols and record their observations on local wildlife 

species on a regular basis. In addition, cameras have been 

installed to provide 24-hour monitoring. The results are 

subsequently shared with our local conservation partners 

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

28 


to gather feedback for improvements to our monitoring 

processes. In one of our HCV areas, at PT. Limpah Sejahtera, 

the taskforce identified new nests in 2017, which indicates a 

thriving orangutan population. Through our monitoring, we 

have found traces of wildlife including protected species in our  

HCV areas.

Rehabilitation works are being conducted to restore 

degraded HCV areas back to their prior conditions. We 

began reforestation work in the second half of 2016 in one 

of our HCV areas, which had been damaged by fires during 

encroachment activities by local communities. To date, more 

than 4,500 trees have been planted in this HCV area, and 

we are looking to cover up to 44 hectares in 2018. We will 

continue reforestation across the remaining affected areas. 

As part of the reforestation we are planting multi-purpose tree 

species that carry economic value, such as Matoa (Pometia 

sp.) and Durian (Durio sp.). 

To protect coastal ecosystems, we are collaborating with 

Pencinta Alam Bahari (Dumai Mangrove Centre) to develop 

a mangrove-planting programme in our seafront integrated 

processing complex. We have planted approximately 3,500 

trees and we are now monitoring their health and growth.

We have a policy against the hunting, injuring, possessing and 

killing of rare and endangered wildlife within our plantations. 

Any infringement of this policy results in disciplinary measures, 

including termination of employment.



Update on outstanding  

HCV complaint 

In 2010, Indonesian NGO Yayasan International 

Animal Rescue Indonesia submitted a complaint 

to the RSPO Complaints Panel concerning one 

of our subsidiaries. The complaint claimed that 

PT Limpah Sejahtera in West Kalimantan had 

developed land without prior HCV assessment, 

and that this had resulted in the destruction of 

orangutan habitats.

 

After its review, the Complaints Panel concluded 

that even though PT Limpah Sejahtera had 

conducted HCV assessments prior to its land 

clearances, the assessments were insufficiently 

adequate for determining HCV in the area. On 

the recommendation of the Panel, PT Limpah 

Sejahtera entered into the RSPO Remediation 

and Compensation Procedure to estimate the 

extent of HCV that could have been lost as  

a result.

 

As part of the procedure, the land use change 

analysis for the concession has been completed 

and the resulting compensation liability has been 

determined by the RSPO. We look forward 

to finalising a compensation project to make 

good this liability and subsequently closing this 

complaint case.



FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

29


FOREST MAPPING

AND PROTECTION

FAUNA IDENTIFIED IN FIRST RESOURCES’ AREAS OF OPERATION AS OF 2017 

IUCN STATUS 

SCIENTIFIC NAME

COMMON NAME

CRITICALLY ENDANGERED

Buceros vigil

Helmeted hornbill

Manis javanica

Sunda pangolin (Trenggiling)

ENDANGERED

Chitra indica

Indian narrow-headed softshell turtle

Hylobates agilis

Agile gibbon (Owa ungko)

Hylobates albibarbis

Bornean white-bearded gibbon

Hylobates muelleri

Müller’s Bornean gibbon (owa owa)

Meiglyptes tristis

White-rumped woodpecker (Caladi batu)

Nasalis larvatus

Proboscis monkey (Bekantan)

Pongo pygmaeus

Bornean orangutan

Presbytis melalophos

Sumatran surili (Lutung Simpai)

Sus verrucosus

Javan warty pig (Babi Hutan)

VULNERABLE

Aonyx cinerea

Asian small-clawed otter (Berang-berang air)

Amblonyx cinereus

Asian small-clawed otter (Berang-berang air)

Cervus unicolor

Sambar deer (Rusa)

Helarctos malayanus

Sun bear

Leptoptilos javanicus

Lesser adjutant (Bangau tong tong)

Macaca nemestrina

Southern pig-tailed macaque (beruk)

Mulleripicus pulverulentus

Great slaty woodpecker (Pelatuk kelabu besar)

Naja hannah

King cobra

Nycticebus coucang

Greater slow loris

Petinomys vordermanni

Vordermann’s flying squirrel (Bajing terbang pipi jingga)

Presbytis frontata

White-fronted langur (Lutung dahi putih)

Ptilocichla leucogrammica

Bornean wren-babbler (Berencet kalimantan)

Pycnonotus zeylanicus  

Straw-headed bulbul (Cucak rawa)

Padda oryzivora

Java sparrow

Rusa unicolor

Sambar deer (Rusa)

Sus barbatus

Bearded pig

Tarsius bancanus

Horsfield’s tarsier

Tomistoma schlegelii

False gharial

Treron capellei

Large green-pigeon

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

30 


IUCN STATUS 

SCIENTIFIC NAME

COMMON NAME

NEAR THREATENED 

Anhinga melanogaster

Oriental darter (Pecuk Ular)

Anthracoceros malayanus

Black hornbill (Kengkareng Hitam)

Argusianus argus

Great argus (Kuau Raja)

Buceros rhinoceros

Rhinoceros hornbill (Rangkong Badak)

Calyptomena viridis

Asian green broadbill (Madi hijau kecil)

Cyornis turcosus

Malaysian blue-flycatcher (Sikatan Melayu)

Dinopium rafflesii

Olive-backed woodpecker (Pelatuk raffles)

Eurylaimus ochromalus

Black-and-yellow broadbill

Lophura ignita

Bornean crested fireback (Sempidan biru)

Lutra lutra

Eurasian otter (Berang-berang)

Megalaima rafflesii

Red-crowned barbet (Takut tutut)

Meiglyptes tukki

Buff-necked woodpecker

Otus rufescens

Reddish scops-owl (Celepuk merah)

Phaenicophaeus diardi

Black-bellied malkoha (Kadalan Beruang)

Psittacula longicauda

Long-tailed parakeet (Betet ekor panjang)

Ratufa bicolor

Black giant squirrel (Bajing Dua Warna)

Ratufa affinis cothurnata

Giant squirrel

Stachyris maculata

Chestnut-rumped babbler

Stachyris leucotis

White-necked babbler (Tepus telinga-putih)

Trachypithecus cristatus

Silvered leaf-monkey (Lutung)





FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

31


We remain vigilant in our fire monitoring efforts and regularly 

scrutinise our procedures to ensure that they are fully 

operational at all times.

 

In 2016, we launched our Integrated Fire Management (IFM) 

programme, which comprises an in-depth workplan for fire 

prevention, preparedness, response and recovery. Both 

corporate headquarters and regional operations teams have 

been heavily involved in the development and execution of 

the workplan. We began the process by identifying high 

risk and high priority areas, as well as the nearest water 

sources at all our locations, and followed up by ensuring 

appropriate measures were put in place on the ground. With 

standard operating procedures (SOPs), mobilisation plans, 

equipment, training, assessments and reviews, we socialised 

the programme throughout the year to ensure that we are 

equipped internally to focus on early detection and respond 

rapidly to extinguish fires.

 

In 2017, we began external engagement with local 

communities. Given the complexity of varying land rights in 

Indonesia, it is not uncommon that communities live in or 

within close proximity to our concession areas, where fires 

are mainly caused by illegal burning activities carried out by 

these communities, who are engaged in small-scale farming. 

Through our IFM programme we engage with communities 

to raise awareness about fires risks and prevention. We also 

include them in our fire training sessions, where they learn 

best fire management practices.

 

Even with good weather conditions in 2016 and 2017, we 

intensified our firefighting team’s training programme during 

the period to include more fire management and suppression 

sessions. We have trained over 700 employees in a series 

of firefighting programmes conducted across our estates in 

Riau, West Kalimantan and East Kalimantan, and collectively 

have around 1,500 firefighters assigned within our operations 

to ensure fires are handled rapidly and adequately.

 

Such measures have enabled us to successfully reduce the 

incidence of fires over the past several years. Where fires 

have occurred, we have managed to reduce their spread to 

less than 1 hectare per incident.

 

We have also been working to build fire prevention capacities 

in our broader communities. This has included supporting 

local government initiatives in Bengkalis, Riau Province, by 

providing assistance on farming programmes and helping to 

build infrastructure to block the drainage of canals to ensure 

peatlands are kept moist.



FIRE

PREVENTION

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

32 


Once hotspots are detected, on-the-

ground verification is carried out, including 

checks for the presence of smoke from 

watch towers and sending fire-fighting 

teams to the area.

C

In the case of a fire breakout, the 

firefighting team will be mobilised 

immediately and a police report will be 

made for an investigation to be carried 

out.

D

Fire Management and Monitoring Efforts

We create Fire Danger Indices for risk 

assessments. Fire risk levels are clearly 

and prominently displayed in fire prone 

areas during the hot and dry season to 

remind workers to be vigilant.

A

We make use of satellite monitoring 

by overlapping hotspots captured by 

the satellite with our concession maps 

to keep track of the situation on the 

ground.

B

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

33


REDUCING CARBON

EMISSIONS

We recognise that climate change has severe and wide-

ranging implications – for our planet’s biodiversity, for our 

shared resources, for communities that have to adapt to 

changing weather patterns, and for companies like ours that 

are profoundly impacted by climatic conditions. We have 

therefore made greenhouse gas (GHG) reduction a central 

part of our Sustainability Policy and are developing plans to 

progressively reduce our GHG emissions.

Measuring our Carbon Footprint

To create a baseline, and to enable us to benchmark against 

our peers, we measure our GHG emissions using the 

RSPO PalmGHG calculator, an informatics tool developed 

in collaboration with scientists and stakeholders to assist 

palm oil producers in quantifying GHG emissions from palm 

oil mills and plantations. The PalmGHG tool calculates net 

GHG emissions by adding the emissions released during 

land clearing, crop production and crop processing and 

subtracting from these emissions the sequestration of carbon 

in the standing crop and in any conservation areas.

In 2015, we completed the calculations for two mills, PT MSSP 

and PT ATS that have been audited for RSPO certification.  

We have also extended the calculations to all of our 15 mills  

in the last two years, and these figures from a baseline 

measure from which we will track our overall emissions 

reduction progress.

NET GHG EMISSIONS 

(tonne CO2e per tonne CPO)

Plantation 

with palm  

oil mill

2015

(PalmGHG 

2.1.1)

2016

(PalmGHG 

3.0.1)

2017

(PalmGHG 

3.0.1)

PT ATS

1.27

1.29

1.22

PT MSSP

1.11

0.64

0.59

For the two mills included in our calculations, we are 

pleased to be able to report an overall combined reduction 

in net carbon emissions of more than 55% since our first 

benchmark in 2015. In terms of carbon per tonne of CPO 

processed, PT MSSP recorded a 47% reduction, and PT ATS 

a 4% reduction. The significant carbon savings in the case 

of PT MSSP was due to the commencement of a methane 

capture facility at its mill, that led to lower POME emissions.

Reduction from Land Use Change

 

In oil palm production, the biggest contribution to GHG 

emissions derives from land use change, particularly 

clearance of peatland and forest areas. With our new policy 

of not developing on HCS using the HCS Approach and peat 

areas of any depth, we believe our Group’s overall emissions 

will be significantly reduced over the long term.

 

For our existing plantations on peat, we will implement 

best practices, ensuring groundwater levels are maintained 

at optimal levels to prevent subsidence and carbon 

dioxide emissions. To ensure the effectiveness of our peat 

management strategy, we are monitoring peat subsidence 

and ground water level in sampling locations, as well as 

verifying our existing soil maps. (For more information, see 

page 38).





68%

17%

2%

FERTILISER

LAND CLEARING

N2O

GHG EMISSIONS BY SOURCE

7%

6%

METHANE FROM POME

FIELD FUEL USE

MILL FUEL USE

2017

Note:  The above calculations are from two mills, PT MSSP and PT ATS, only.

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

34 


Reduction from Palm Oil Mill Effluent

 

Apart from land use change, carbon emissions from palm 

oil mill effluent (POME) – wastewater from FFB processing 

– are the next largest source of GHG emissions in the 

production of palm oil. If released untreated, POME emits 

methane, a powerful GHG. However, POME can be captured 

and used for electricity generation or flared. As part of our 

GHG emission reduction strategy, we have progressively 

established methane capture facilities at our mills.

 

As at the end of 2017, we have established methane capture 

facilities at three of our mills, and have commissioned 

the construction of two more. These are expected to be 

completed by mid-2019, and will help to significantly reduce 

GHG emissions at our milling operations. Upon completion, 

the estimated reduction in carbon for each palm oil mill will 

be approximately 0.51 tonne C02e per tonne of CPO (ISCC 

methodology).

METHANE CAPTURE FACILITY

2014

2015

2016

2017

Number of mills with 

methane capture 

facility

1

1

2

3

International Sustainability Carbon 

Certification (ISCC)

As of 31 December 2017, 48,344 hectares of our nucleus 

plantations are certified under the ISCC scheme – just 

over 28% of our total plantation area. In addition, six of 

the Group’s 15 palm oil mills and both our processing and 

bulking facilities are ISCC certified. As a result, we are able 

to provide customers with a fully traceable product under 

the ISCC scheme. ISCC was developed for the certification 

of biomass and bioenergy with orientations towards the 

reduction of GHG emissions and non-development of HCS 

and HCV land. ISCC certifications demonstrate compliance 

with the European Union’s Renewable Energy Directives, and 

certified products must provide emissions savings of at least 

25% compared to fossil fuels.

ISCC certified 

48,344

hectares

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

35


PEAT

MANAGEMENT

Peatlands are carved out from our plans for new developments 

in accordance with our NDPE Policy, and we have not carried 

out any new plantings on peatland since the introduction of 

our Sustainability Policy in 2015. For existing plantations on 

peat, we are committed to ensuring that we maintain the 

appropriate water level.

 

As part of our fire prevention and management strategy for 

peatland, we have established a specialised peat taskforce 

that is focused on conducting detailed peat surveys and 

assessments in selected estates that have peat areas. The 

taskforce is led by our research and development department 

and supported by our agronomy and sustainability 

department. Experienced personnel have been recruited to 

expand the skill sets in the taskforce, and specific training has 

been provided to better equip them.

 

We have begun implementing appropriate monitoring 

and controls throughout our peatlands. To date we have 

conducted soil surveys and peat assessment surveys for 20 

estates and we target to complete this at a Group level by 

mid-2019. The results from the peat surveys are being used 

to enhance our water management plans in peat plantations. 

We regularly record and monitor our piezometers and have 

installed 10 automatic dataloggers to record data every 12 

hours. To manage water tables and levels, we have started 

building canals, water gates and bunds at selected estates. 

Our peat taskforce continues to review our peat plantations 

and implement best practices.

 

Peatland protection, management and rehabilitation are key 

topics in the sustainability debates and initiatives led by the 

Indonesian government. As we observe the government’s 

mounting efforts to protect carbon-rich peatlands and ensure 

that best peatland management practices are put in place, 

we will remain abreast of any changes to current regulations 

that pertain to peatland and take all necessary steps to 

ensure that we are always in compliance.



FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

36 


WATER

ACCOUNTABILITY

We use water for two main purposes: milling and nursery 

irrigation. All water is drawn from local rivers or drilled wells. 

In 2017, we used an average of 0.8 tonnes of water per tonne 

of FFB processed. We will continue to maintain our levels to 

be below 1.0 tonnes of water per tonne of FFB to ensure 

efficiency and minimise waste. The reduction of water usage 

was mainly driven by our Riau mills where great efforts have 

been made to implement more robust controls to monitor 

water usage, recycle waste water and, where possible, 

reduce water requirements. In particular, we managed to 

reduce water in the clarification station and kernel station.

 

We are vigilant in seeking to reduce water usage, and to make 

sure that effluents from our production sites do not impact on 

the quality of local waterways. The majority of wastewater 

from FFB processing, POME, is repurposed as a fertiliser. 

For land application, we keep the biological oxygen demand 

(BOD) level below the legal threshold of 5,000 ppm.

 

At our one mill that does release effluents into the sea, the 

BOD levels are well below the legal threshold of 100 ppm, 

with average levels of 7.9 ppm.

WATER USAGE AT MILLS

(m3 per tonne of FFB processed)

1.25

1.00

0.75

0.50

0.25

0

2014

2015

2016

2017

1.13

1.11

0.94

0.80



FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

37


CHEMICALS AND 

PESTICIDE USAGE

We have implemented an integrated pest management 

strategy and only use synthetic pesticides as a last resort. For 

pest control, we use a combination of biological controls and 

good agricultural practices. Since 2016, we have initiated 

breeding projects in Riau and Kalimantan to increase the 

barn owl population in our young estates and reduce our 

dependence on pesticides.

 

We have reduced the volume of pesticide we use over the 

years. This is partly a result of a stronger focus on good 

agricultural practice and the economical use of pesticide, 

and partly a result of reduced development on peatland, 

especially in West Kalimantan. In 2017 we increased our 

pesticide usage temporarily to clear some excess weeds, 

which were spreading as an unintended result of our past 

fertilisation processes. Having prevented these weeds from 

spreading, we have now ensured that the future application 

of fertiliser will be more effective.

 

Chemical usage in the field varies depending on total 

new plantings as well as the total hectarage of immature 

plantations. We expect our chemical usage for crop protection 

and maintenance to diminish as our younger plantations 

reach maturity.

 

In previous reports we have provided data on our total 

pesticide usage. To more accurately monitor the impact of 

our use of pesticides, we will now also measure and report 

on toxicity levels.

TOXICITY 

(per hectare)

1,800

1,600

1,400

1,200

1,000

800

600

400

200

0

2014

2015

2016

2017

963

1,147

1,004

1,422

INORGANIC FERTILISER

(tonnes per hectare)

1.00

0.90

0.80

0.70

0.60

0.50

0.40

0.30

0.20

0.10

0.00

2014

2015

2016

2017

0.87

0.90

0.90

0.80

Note:  Toxicity per hectare was calculated based on pesticides used in our 

Riau and West Kalimantan estates.

Paraquat Phase-out

We understand that many stakeholders are concerned with 

the use of paraquat as a pesticide due to its high toxicity levels 

and the potential for its misuse and abuse. While we believe 

that our safety precautions are adequate to prevent any 

accidents or long-term damage, we wish to be responsive to 

these concerns. We have therefore proceeded with trials on 

alternative pesticides, and we are developing plans to phase 

out the use of paraquat progressively by 2019.

Fertiliser Usage

We seek to use organic fertiliser derived from waste products 

to the maximum extent possible. Currently, all POME and 

empty fruit bunches are re-used as organic fertilisers in the 

field.

Fertiliser usage is highly dependent on the age profile of 

plantations, with younger plantings requiring a higher input 

of nutrients. While we are currently seeing higher levels of 

inorganic fertiliser application where we have a younger 

planting profile, we are achieving an overall reduction where 

our plantations have a more mature profile.

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

38 


PESTICIDES USED  

BY FIRST RESOURCES

PESTICIDES

ACTIVE INGREDIENT

FUNGICIDE

Mancozeb

Copper Oxide

HERBICIDE

2,4-D-(dimethylamine/

dimethylammonium)

Fluroxypyr-meptyl

Glyphosate (isopropylamine/

isopropylammonium)

Metsulfuron-methyl

Paraquat

Triclopur butotyl (triclopyr butoxy 

ethyl ester)

Indaziflam

INSECTICIDE

Amitraz

Acephate

Deltametrin

Fibronil

Carbaryl

Carbofuran

Carbosulfan

Lambda Cyhalothrin

Cypermethrin

RODENTICIDE

Brodifacoum

Coumatetralyl



FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

39






SOCIAL

RESPONSIBILITY



























COMMUNITY  

ENGAGEMENT



Land rights, access and compensation are critical aspects of 

our interaction with the communities in our areas of operation. 

Settling these matters is an extremely complex process 

in Indonesia, as it is necessary to navigate a multi-layered 

set of national and provincial permit procedures, as well as 

customary and indigenous land claims that may be undefined 

or conflicting. In all cases, we make every effort to ensure that 

we operate with respect for the rights of indigenous and local 

communities to give or withhold their free, prior and informed 

consent (FPIC) for development or conservation of land to 

which they hold legal and customary rights.

Land Compensation

When our company is granted a location permit (Ijin Lokasi) 

for a new development, we identify the local community and 

conduct socialisation before commencing any operations. 

The socialisation process usually covers a number of key 

aspects. The community is informed about the company’s 

permit and Government and company policies regarding 

land compensation are explained, as are the development 

plans, land valuation approaches, the process of verifying 

land ownership and the requirements for proof of ownership. 

Finally, procedures for land measurements and compensation 

are mapped out.

After socialisation, and the completion of the due diligence 

process, compensation is made to communities who have 

accepted the company’s offer for their land. All land transfers 

are documented and witnessed by members of the local 

government and community leaders.

Conflict Resolution

We support the responsible and peaceful resolution of 

conflicts that arise due to our operations. Land disputes 

involving questions over rightful land ownership are among 

the common conflicts that we experience. We believe in 

working with the relevant stakeholders through a process 

that is agreed upon by all appropriate parties. We are 

committed to resolving conflicts in an open, transparent and  

consultative manner. 

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

42 


Our license to operate depends on our ability to maintain 

good relations with our communities: many of our neighbours 

are also our employees, smallholders or suppliers. A large 

proportion of these communities are located in isolated areas 

that lack basic infrastructure and services, including clean 

water, roads and education and employment opportunities. 

We have therefore established an extensive CSR programme 

that targets community growth through three focus areas: 

education, infrastructure and healthcare. 

Our Community Development Officers (CDOs) are the main 

liaison between our company and community members. 

CDO’s engage with local residents on a regular basis to build 

relationships and scope out community members’ ambitions, 

concerns and resources. A CDO’s typical tasks include 

collecting data on living conditions and population numbers, 

brainstorming new development ideas with community 

members, designing and proposing new programmes to 

regional managers and sustainability coordinators, and 

implementing local projects. CDOs also act as ambassadors, 

engaging with local government agencies and presenting 

and explaining First Resources’ operational activities, 

environmental initiatives and social programmes.

Education

First Resources recognises that education is fundamental for 

community growth and wellbeing. We are therefore working 

to increase access to quality formal education for both the 

current and future generations of school-age children in our 

communities. We currently manage 27 schools located within 

our plantation estates. These include 11 kindergartens, 15 

primary schools, two secondary schools and three high 

schools. These institutions employ more than 250 teachers 

and educate more than 2,500 students. The educational 

practices adopted are similar to those at schools managed by 

the local government. The Group contributes to the schools’ 

facilities and teaching aids, such as furniture, computers, 

electricity generators and books. 

As Kalimantan is a new region for us, we are currently working 

to establish and improve facilities in the area to ensure our 

workers and their families are taken care of.

All children of employees working on our estates are provided 

with free education at our schools. In 2016 and 2017, we 

allocated over Rp 5 billion (USD 375,000) for 952 students 

across our operating areas. Scholarships were awarded to 

high-scoring children from less privileged families, having 

been selected by local education authorities.

Teachers normally get a minimum wage based on Indonesian 

regulations that differ from province to province. To motivate 

teachers that work with our communities, and encourage a 

higher standard of teaching, we offer additional incentives, 

such as supplementary income, to more than 500 teachers 

at elementary, primary and secondary school levels.

In addition to awarding scholarships, the Group has 

established an internship programme that is run in 

collaboration with more than 30 Indonesian universities. The 

programme offers students an opportunity to apply what 

they have learned, expand their knowledge and benefit from 

valuable on-the-job experience.

COMMUNITY

INVESTMENT



FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

43


COMMUNITY

INVESTMENT

Infrastructure

Infrastructural developments foster economic opportunities 

and can thereby boost living standards. As well as enabling 

us to run our own operational activities more efficiently, 

better infrastructure enables local communities, including 

farmers, cooperatives, associations, businesses and local 

government, to have better access to healthcare facilities, 

educational facilities and markets. We consult local village 

leaders on which infrastructure projects to support.

Accessibility to roads, better road conditions and connecting 

bridges will improve the mobility of rural communities and 

support local economies. The roads servicing our operating 

areas – which we share with local communities – are 

maintained to minimise disruption to our operations as well 

as to maintain strong links to the main transport network.

In 2016 and 2017, we have placed greater emphasis on 

improving infrastructure in our operating areas, with particular 

focus on less developed regions in East and West Kalimantan. 



Healthcare

We have built more than 30 health clinics on our estates. 

These are staffed with qualified medical professionals, 

including at least one doctor and two nurses in each facility. 

The primary purpose of the clinics is to service our employees 

and their families, but they are also open to local community 

members. The operating hours of our clinics are longer than 

those of the health posts managed by local government. 

Medical services such as immunisations for polio, measles 

and tuberculosis are available to communities upon request.

We have also established health-related community 

programmes to improve the wellbeing of local residents 

and increase their awareness about the benefits of healthy 

living. Carried out in cooperation with local health authorities, 

“Be Healthy with First Resources” includes treatments and 

advice for children, pregnant women and the elderly, and also 

coordinates blood donation programmes.

Providing Access to Clean Water

 

Infrastructure for delivering clean and potable water is 

severely lacking in some of the communities located near 

our operations. We have therefore made assisting villages 

with this basic need a priority within the scope of our CSR 

programme.

 

Our efforts include the provision of clean water, new piping 

and water tanks, as well as the construction of new water 

wells for villages to ensure constant water flow. This initiative 

reached six villages and benefitted over 400 families in 2016 

and 2017.

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

44 


SMALLHOLDERS

Palm oil operations are labour intensive, and new 

developments are often in rural areas that may otherwise 

offer few opportunities for local communities. For these 

reasons, we firmly believe that commercial oil palm cultivation 

can be a driver for socioeconomic development and poverty 

alleviation, and we are committed to leading community 

growth in areas where we are operationally present.

Through the FPIC process, which is carried out before any 

new development, we are able to identify communities that 

are interested in partnering with us to develop plantations. We 

work with indigenous and local communities through various 

plasma scheme partnerships. In some of these schemes, 

the company assists plasma smallholders to develop and 

manage their plots until the trees reach a productive age, after 

which the plots are then handed back to the smallholders for 

management. In other partnership schemes, the company 

assumes responsibility for developing and managing the 

plasma plots on behalf of these smallholders, even after 

maturity.

Plasma smallholders profit by selling their harvests to 

the company at government-determined prices. These 

partnerships provide sustainable incomes for thousands of 

smallholders, and this in turn directly impacts local economic 

growth and living standards.

By the end of 2017, we had partnered with more than 14,000 

smallholders on 30,480 hectares of oil palm plantations, 

representing 15% of the total plantation area managed by First 

Resources. Our field officers provide practical training, quality 

seed stock and advice on fertiliser and pesticide procurement 

and usage. They also share new farming technologies, offer 

assistance with land titling and coordinate transportation of 

FFB to palm oil mills.

In addition to implementing best practices at our own nucleus 

estates, we are also committed to raising the sustainability 

standards of our plasma farmers, as smallholders account for 

more than 40% of Indonesia’s palm oil production.

We encourage local enterprise by supporting small business 

owners and farmers living within the vicinity of our operations. 

We provide assistance in the cultivation of food crops such as 

maize and vegetables. We also engage local transporters to 

move our products, and local contractors for land preparation, 

planting and other services that support our operations.



FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

45




FEMALE EMPLOYEES BY LEVEL 

(%)

12.0%

10.0%

8.0%

6.0%

4.0%

2.0%

0.0%

SENIOR 

MANAGEMENT

WORKING

CONDITIONS

With more than 18,000 employees across our operations, 

our workforce is the most valuable part of our company. We 

are committed to being a responsible employer and investing 

to ensure our people stay safe, healthy and motivated. We 

believe this means providing continuous and appropriate 

skills training, understanding our employees’ aspirations, 

upholding and protecting their rights, and taking care of their 

welfare by ensuring a safe working environment.

Labour and human rights issues in the palm oil supply chain 

are of increasing concern and remain an industry-wide 

challenge. In response, we are renewing our focus on our 

own labour practices and reviewing them to ensure they are 

robust and fit for purpose in the current labour environment.

In December 2017, we partnered with an existing stakeholder 

to carry out a pilot study on a subsidiary in Riau. The objective 

of the independent assessment was to specifically review our 

labour practices and identify areas for improvement. The pilot 

study focused on labour and human rights, compensation 

and hours, as well as health and safety issues. We identified 

a number of critical issues, including weaknesses in 

our oversight of labour standards among our suppliers, 

contractors and third parties. We also identified a need to 

review existing arrangements with our contract workers 

employed through our contractors, and to improve contract 

terms for casual workers where necessary. These findings are 

proving to be extremely valuable as we work to ensure that 

our policy and practices become increasingly aligned.

Equal Opportunities

We are committed to offering job opportunities based on 

competence, skills and experience – regardless of ethnicity, 

race, religion, or gender. We treat all employees equally and 

reward them fairly based on merit.

Due to the manual nature of many oil palm cultivation and 

processing procedures, most of our plantation and mill 

workers are men. Male workers are typically assigned to 

heavier physical tasks, for example harvesting and carrying 

FFB to trucks for transportation. Women are typically assigned 

tasks including weeding, fertilising and the collection of loose 

fruits that have fallen to the ground. In Kalimantan we have 

introduced motorised vehicles for FFB evacuation. This has 

reduced our reliance on manual labour and consequently 

female workers. Many of these women have been retained 

as permanent employees within the organisation instead.



49.8%

1.2%

38.6%

PERMANENT EMPLOYEES BY 

GEOGRAPHICAL LOCATION

MIDDLE 

MANAGEMENT

WORKERS

7.1

6.5

6.4

6.1

10.3

10.9

9.3

8.2

8.3

9.7

10.9

9.4

17

16

15

14



78.9%

1.1%

19.8%

MIDDLE

MANAGEMENT

SENIOR

MANAGEMENT

WORKERS

EMPLOYEES BY CATEGORY

CONTRACT

WORKERS

10.3%

2017

2017

0.2%

0.2%

RIAU

JAKARTA

WEST KALIMANTAN

EAST KALIMANTAN

SINGAPORE

Note:  The aboe represents permanent employees only

17

16

15

14

17

16

15

14

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

46 


Training and Development

We enhance our performance in the long term by recruiting, 

developing and retaining talented people. This is why 

we continuously invest to improve our staff development 

programmes and strengthen our human capital.

Every year, the First Resources Learning Centre assesses the 

training needs of our employees. Training is prioritised in line 

with the Group’s business and operational requirements. We 

have established regular training programmes that include 

field assistant training, mill assistant training, administration 

assistant training, and foreman training. Non-regular training 

programmes are also provided on topics such as harvesting 

management, fertilising management, e-plantation systems, 

seven tools management, problem solving and decision 

making. Training is provided by First Resources’ coaches 

and specialist vendors, while continual on-the-job training 

and mentorships are provided by managers and supervisors. 

Since 2015, we have increased the number of training 

programmes and doubled the number of training hours 

provided.

Our Learning Centre also runs five graduate training 

programmes, for field assistants, palm oil mill assistants and 

administration assistants. Spanning five to six months, these 

programmes cover the technical, managerial and interactive 

skills required to work in First Resources’ estates and palm 

oil mills. 

As part of our recruitment drive, we have formed partnerships 

with universities in Java and Sumatra to provide internships 

for undergraduates and vocational school students. Our 

internship programme exposes students to administrative 

duties, plantation activities and palm oil mill operations.

Contract and Casual Workers

The majority of our work force – around 80% – are permanent 

workers in full-time employment. We do hire employees on 

contractual basis, who may then be converted to permanent 

status based on performance. To maintain efficient operations, 

some of our workers, such as seasonal workers, security 

guards and those needed for special construction projects, 

are sourced through third party contractors. This occurs 

mostly in Riau due to the close proximity of town workers 

who are more inclined to undertake part time work. In the 

more rural regions of Kalimantan, we have more permanent 

workers and are currently working on improving their living 

conditions to reduce turnover.

Freedom of Association and Collective 

Bargaining

We support the freedom of all our employees to form 

unions as a channel to communicate their expectations 

and aspirations. Our labour union is part of the KSPSI (the 

Workers’ Union Confederation).

Each subsidiary and its labour union representatives have 

agreed upon a Collective Labour Agreement that aims to 

protect employees’ and employers’ rights and obligations. 

All our employees are protected by the Collective Labour 

Agreement, which covers industrial relations, working hours, 

remuneration, out-of-post assignments and transfers, social 

security and welfare, occupational health and safety, and 

employment termination.

We hold focus group discussions and meetings together with 

labour unions at least once a year. These dialogues enable us 

to take into consideration the aspirations of our employees 

and solicit their suggestions, input and criticism.

Employees are able to convey their aspirations through the 

human resources department. The Group communicates all 

changes related to employment via emails, circulars, or its 

internal portal.

WORKERS BY CONTRACT TYPE

20,000

18,000

16,000

14,000

12,000

10,000

8,000

6,000

4,000

2,000

0

2014

2015

2016

2017

2,313

14,906

2,729

14,945

3,649

14,769

2,441

13,439

PERMANENT WORKERS

CONTRACT WORKERS

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

47


WORKING

CONDITIONS

Minimum Wages and Benefits

The minimum wage in Indonesia differs from province to 

province as it is set by provincial and district authorities. 

We comply with minimum wages as stipulated by the 

local authority. Employees have variable components in 

their remuneration that are linked to individual and Group 

performance. We also provide additional benefits to our 

employees, and the benefits received by permanent 

employees differ from those received by non-permanent 

employees.

We keep records of all salaries and money paid to employees 

and contractors. Payment records are acknowledged 

by workers, and clarifications are provided to ensure 

that payment calculations are understood. In addition, 

First Resources pays an annual allowance to permanent 

employees to celebrate festivals. For Muslims, we pay the 

festivity allowance before Hari Raya, and for the rest of our 

employees we pay the allowance at the end of the year.

We aim to house all our employees and their families in a safe 

and healthy living environment on our estates. In addition to 

housing and sanitation, all employees have access to running 

water, electricity, medical care, education, recreational 

facilities and places of worship. Due to the expansion of 

hectarage coming into maturity in West Kalimantan, we are 

currently upgrading and building more housing facilities for 

our employees.

Forced and Child Labour

In accordance with national labour laws and regulations, 

the Group does not tolerate forced or bonded labour, or the 

employment of under-aged children. Our recruitment policies, 

work practices and procedures ensure that all employees 

are above 18 years of age, and that they understand their 

rights and obligations. We actively monitor that children do 

not assist their parents on our estates, as this practice is 

common in many parts of Indonesia. Constant reminders are 

sent to all workers and warnings are issued to those who 

violate our policies. Individuals who continue violating these 

policies face termination.

We provide daycare facilities at our plantations, and have 

recently completed the construction of additional facilities 

to expand our childcare capacity. Employees are required to 

leave their children at these centres before they begin work. 

We have also provided bus services to students in selected 

estates to encourage workers to send their children to 

schools.



FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

48 


HEALTH AND

SAFETY

We are committed to providing a safe and healthy working 

environment for all our employees.

We have medical teams in every operational area to support 

the health of our employees and their families. Our medical 

teams conduct routine check-ups and deliver various health 

programmes that aim to increase awareness about the 

benefits of a healthy lifestyle. These include healthy living tips, 

health education, and counselling related to chronic diseases.

Prevention of Accidents

We have progressively implemented an Occupational 

Health and Safety (OHS) Management System across our 

estates. The OHS Management System complies with local 

regulations, including hazard identification and prevention, 

risk assessment and management, programme evaluation 

and continuous management system improvement.

Our Health &amp; Safety Committees, which comprise 

management and staff representatives, are responsible 

for identifying potential hazards, evaluating these potential 

hazards, recommending corrective actions, following up 

on implemented recommendations, providing employees 

with education and training, and developing a grievance 

mechanism. In addition, we maintain an Emergency 

Response Team (ERT) on standby to attend to any immediate 

health and safety-related crisis.

Health and safety topics are presented to employees and 

discussed daily in morning meetings. In addition, we have 

OHS manuals and procedures, working instructions, first aid 

practices, emergency responses and other health and safety 

activities to ensure all employees are aware of the health and 

safety risks related to their jobs. OHS considerations are also 

incorporated into the Collective Labour Agreement with the 

workers’ union. These include provisions for equipping estate 

workers with personal protective equipment (PPE) and the 

establishment of Health &amp; Safety Committees.

We aim to reduce accidents, injuries and fatalities in our 

operations. All work-related accidents are recorded and 

evaluated. Recommendations are then implemented to 

prevent or reduce the reoccurrence of similar incidents. We 

are pleased to record a significant accident reduction in 

Riau of around 40% over the past five years due to vigilant 

socialisation of safety practices. We will be exploring the 

causes of increases in Kalimantan, where accidents appear 

to be on the rise, and will adopt similar approaches as in Riau.

 

The main hazards in plantations are falling sharp fronds 

and bunches during the harvesting process, and sharp 

fronds on the ground. These are associated with relatively 

short-term injuries such as cuts and thorn-pricks, so our 

severity rate remains consistently low. To minimise the risk 

of injury, all harvesters are provided with safety helmets, 

gloves and boots. Hazards in palm oil mills include overhead 

sling conveyors, slippery floors, hot steam and loud noises. 

Workers are regularly reminded to be vigilant and are briefed 

during daily shift meetings on any potential health and safety 

issues (e.g. risk of fires).

LOST TIME ACCIDENT RATE

(per 1,000,000 man-hours)

2014

2015

2016

2017

146.5

139.2

156.9

100.8

Note:

1)  Lost time accident rate (LTAR) measures the productivity loss due to 

accidents and is calculated as follows: accident rate x 1,000,000 man 

hours divided by total working hours (number of employees x 173 hours x 

12 months).

2)  LTAR is recorded when an employee is given leave of absence from clinic 

due to a workplace accident.

3)  Data above are for our Riau operations only.

Fatalities

Although we make every effort to ensure that employees 

are not hurt, we regret to report that a total of five deaths 

occurred in our operations in the 2016–2017 period. Four of 

these were traffic accidents in West Kalimantan and one was 

an accident in a vehicle workshop in Riau. We are reviewing 

the actions required to ensure that fatal accidents do not 

occur in the future.

NUMBER OF FATALITIES

2014

2015

2016

2017

2

3

2

3

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

49


Economic

Income statement

(USD million)

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

Sales

647.0

575.2

453.7

615.5

Profit before tax

208.9

183.1

144.8

251.9

Net profit (underlying)

139.5

115.5

95.1

171.6

Balance sheet

(USD million)

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

Total assets

1,731.0

1,699.6

1,568.2

1,997.9

Total liabilities

708.8

773.4

793.8

882.1

Total equity

1,022.2

926.2

774.4

1,115.8

Segmented sales adjusted to  

exclude inter-segment sales

(USD million)

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

Plantations and palm oil mills

46.7

76.8

164.5

209.3

Refinery and processing

600.3

498.4

289.2

406.3

Land and Production

Oil palm plantations (hectares)

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

Total planted area

210,001

208,691

207,575

194,567

Mature

173,409

158,597

147,905

132,220

Immature

36,592

50,094

59,670

62,347

Nucleus planted area

179,521

179,398

178,338

165,936

Mature

147,377

136,798

128,042

114,377

Immature

32,144

42,600

50,296

51,559

Plasma planted area

30,480

29,293

29,237

28,631

Mature

26,032

21,799

19,863

17,843

Immature

4,448

7,494

9,374

10,788

Palm oil mills

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

Total

15

14

13

12

Riau

11

11

11

10

West Kalimantan

3

3

2

2

East Kalimantan

1

-

-

-

Production volume (tonnes)

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

Fresh fruit bunches (FFB) harvested

3,037,842

2,661,554

2,804,606

2,469,884

FFB - Nucleus

2,682,944

2,367,767

2,530,357

2,212,006

FFB – Plasma

354,898

293,787

274,249

257,878

FFB purchased third parties

236,566

253,148

291,093

345,479

Crude palm oil (CPO)

702,368

634,941

687,248

630,988

Palm kernel (PK)

170,664

148,270

160,021

145,811

BASE

DATA

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

50 


Productivity

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

FFB yield per mature hectare (tonnes)

17.5

16.8

19.0

18.7

FFB yield – nucleus

18.2

17.3

19.8

19.3

FFB yield – plasma

13.6

13.5

13.8

14.5

CPO yield per mature hectare (tonnes)

3.9

3.8

4.3

4.3

Extraction rate – crude palm oil (%)

22.2

22.5

22.7

22.8

Extraction rate – palm kernel (%)

5.4

5.3

5.3

5.3

FFB sources (%)

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

Nucleus

81%

81%

81%

78%

Plasma

12%

10%

9%

9%

Third parties

7%

9%

10%

12%

Certification

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

ISPO certified – nucleus plantations (hectares)

76,690

76,690

76,690

44,237

ISPO certified – palm oil mills

8

8

8

6

ISCC certified – nucleus plantations (hectares)

48,344

48,344

48,344

48,344

Environment

Water consumption

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

Water consumption at mills (m3 per tonne of FFB processed)

0.80

0.94

1.11

1.13

Pesticides

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

Toxicity per hectare

1,422

1,004

1,147

963

Effluents

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

BOD levels river discharge (mg/L) 

7.9

5.8

14.0

-

BOD levels land application (mg/L)

Riau

910

831

1,672

1,365

West Kalimantan

1,854

2,479

2,363

2,658

Fertiliser type

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

Inorganic fertiliser (tonnes)

156,119

170,279

159,777

143,561

Empty fruit bunches (tonnes)

449,497

384,288

496,324

449,988

Palm oil mill effluent (m3)

2,057,817

1,929,636

2,039,305

1,676,768

Inorganic fertiliser (tonnes per hectare)

0.80

0.90

0.90

0.87

Energy consumption from renewable sources

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

Palm kernel shell (tonnes)

126,376

117,756

126,403

102,311

Energy (gigajoules)

2,627,352

2,448,141

2,627,908

2,127,046

Palm fibre (tonnes)

393,799

362,231

386,832

327,455

Energy (gigajoules)

7,773,599

7,150,439

7,636,075

6,463,962

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

51


Social

Workplace

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

Total employees

18,418

15,880

17,674

17,219

Permanent

14,769

13,439

14,945

14,906

Contract

3,649

2,441

2,729

2,313

Permanent employees by geographical location

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

Jakarta

176

159

162

158

Riau

7,350

7,229

8,186

9,220

West Kalimantan

5,695

5,027

5,411

4,451

East Kalimantan

1,520

995

1,161

1,051

Singapore

28

29

25

26

Permanent employees by category

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

Senior management

42

46

47

49

Middle management

195

202

225

231

Workers

14,532

13,191

14,673

14,626

Permanent employees by gender

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

Senior management - male

39

43

44

46

Senior management - female

3

3

3

3

Middle management - male

175

180

204

212

Middle management - female

20

22

21

19

Male workers

13,326

11,915

13,075

13,244

Female workers

1,206

1,276

1,598

1,382

Total male employees

13,540

12,138

13,323

13,502

Total female employees

1,229

1,301

1,622

1,404

Legal minimum wages for  

plantations by region  

(IDR per month)

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

Riau

2,516,812

2,325,000

2,125,500

1,875,000

West Kalimantan - Sanggau

1,973,425

1,823,025

1,675,000

1,500,000

West Kalimantan - Ketapang

2,480,000

2,110,000

1,980,000

1,812,000

East Kalimantan - Kubar

2,487,500

2,287,926

2,030,016

1,920,000

Training and development

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

No. of programmes

120

77

102

83

No. of participants

2,326

1,979

2,654

1,742

No. of training hours

25,156

10,248

10,432

12,740

BASE

DATA

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

52 


Health and safety

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

Fatalities

3

2

3

2

Lost time accident rate (per 1,000,000 man-hours)

Riau

100.8

156.9

139.2

146.5

West Kalimantan

61.9

51.9

-

-

East Kalimantan

147.9

23.2

-

-

Severity rate

Riau 

2.4

2.1

-

-

West Kalimantan

1.4

1.4

-

-

East Kalimantan

1.2

1.0

-

-

Community

Community development programmes (%)

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

Culture, environment and health

15

23

42

42

Education

42

37

57

57

Economic development and others

43

40

1

1

Education programme

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

No. of student scholarship recipients

467

334

476

476

No. of teacher income supplement recipients

279

256

259

249

No. of internship recipients

315

278

315

349

Schools funded

27

27

31

31

Health programme

FY2017

FY2016

FY2015

FY2014

Clinics funded

33

33

29

29

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

53


The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) is a multi-stakeholder standard for sustainability reporting, providing guidance on 

determining report content and indicators. GRI is the first and most widely adopted global standard for sustainability reporting 

and has been designed to enhance the global comparability and quality of information on environmental and social impacts, 

thereby enabling greater transparency and accountability of organisations. Sustainability reporting based on the GRI Standards 

should provide a balanced and reasonable representation of an organisation’s positive and negative contributions towards the 

goal of sustainable development.

There are two options for preparing a report in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core and Comprehensive. This report has 

been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option.

GRI 101: Foundation 2017

GRI 102: General Disclosures 2017

Disclosure

Page or reason for omission

Organisational Profile

102-1 

Name of organisation

About First Resources 

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

About First Resources 

102-3

Location of headquarters

Contact 

102-4

Location of operations

About First Resources 

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Corporate governance and ownership 

102-6

Markets served

Our marketplace 

102-7

Scale of the organisation

About First Resources

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Working conditions

102-9

Supply chain

Supply chain engagement and traceability

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain

No major changes in the reporting period

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

Forest mapping and protection 

Fire prevention

Reducing carbon emission

Community engagement 

102-12

External initiatives

CEO’s message

Targets and Progress

Sustainable palm oil certification

Reducing carbon emissions

102-13

Membership of associations

CEO’s message

Sustainable palm oil certification

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

CEO’s message

102-15

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

Our approach to sustainability

About the report 2017

Ethics and Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour Corporate governance and ownership

Our approach to sustainability 

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics

Corporate governance and ownership

Our approach to sustainability

GRI

INDEX

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

54 


Governance

102-18

Governance structure

Corporate governance and ownership 

Sustainability management structure

102-19

Delegating authority

Sustainability management structure

102-20

Executive-level responsibility for economic, 

environmental, and social topics

Sustainability management structure

102-21

Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, 

and social topics

Our approach to sustainability

Community engagement 

Stakeholder engagement table

102-22

Composition of the highest governance body and its 

committees

Corporate governance and ownership 

Annual Report 2017

102-23

Chair of the highest governance body

Corporate governance and ownership 

102-24

Nominating and selecting the highest governance 

body

Annual Report 2017 

102-25

Conflicts of interest

Annual Report 2017 

102-26

Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, 

values, and strategy

Corporate governance and ownership 

Annual Report 2017 

102-28

Evaluating the highest governance body’s 

performance

Annual Report 2017 

102-30

Effectiveness of risk management processes

Annual Report 2017 

102-35

Remuneration policies

Annual Report 2017 

102-36

Process for determining remuneration

Annual Report 2017 

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder engagement table

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Freedom of association and collective bargaining 

Note: Percentage of employees covered currently not 

available

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Our No Deforestation, No Peat, No Exploitation 

(NDPE) Policy

Supply chain engagement and traceability

Smallholders 

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Supply chain engagement and traceability

Smallholders 

Stakeholder engagement table

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Supply chain engagement and traceability

Environmental responsibility

Peat management 

Chemicals and pesticide usage

Community engagement

Working conditions

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

55


Reporting Practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements

Annual Report 2017

102-46

Defining report content and topic Boundaries

About the report

102-47

List of material topics

About the report

102-48

Restatements of information

About the report

102-49

Changes in reporting

About the report

102-50

Reporting period

About the report

102-51

Date of most recent report

About the report

102-52

Reporting cycle

About the report

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

Contact 

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards

GRI index 

102-55

GRI content index

GRI index

102-56

External assurance

We have not engaged third party assurance

About the report

Material Topics

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Page or reason for omission

ECONOMIC

Economic Performance

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2017

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

About First Resources

Annual Report 2017

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Annual Report 2017

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Annual Report 2017

GRI 201: Economic 

Performance 2017

201-1

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed

About First Resources

Annual Report 2017

Market Presence

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2017

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Minimum wages and benefits

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Minimum wages and benefits

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Minimum wages and benefits 

GRI 202: Market 

Presence 2017

202-1

Ratios of standard entry level wage by 

gender compared to local minimum wage

Minimum wages and benefits

Base data – legal min wages for 

plantations by region 

GRI

INDEX

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

56 


Indirect Economic Impacts

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2017

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Social responsibility

Smallholders

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Social responsibility

Smallholders

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Social responsibility

Smallholders 

GRI 203: Indirect 

Economic Impacts 

2017

203-1

Infrastructure investments and services 

supported

Social responsibility

Smallholders 

Base data – community development 

programmes (%) 

203-2 

Significant indirect economic impacts

Social responsibility 

Smallholders 

Procurement Practices

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2017

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Supply chain engagement and traceability

Smallholders

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Supply chain engagement and traceability 

Smallholders 

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Supply chain engagement and traceability 

Smallholders 

Anti-corruption

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2017

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Code of Conduct, whistleblowing, and 

grievance procedure 

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Code of Conduct, whistleblowing, and 

grievance procedure

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Code of Conduct, whistleblowing, and 

grievance procedure

ENVIRONMENTAL

Materials

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2017

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Our operations

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Our approach to sustainability

Our operations

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Our operations

GRI 301: Materials 

2017

301-1

Materials used by weight or volume

Our operations 

Water

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2017

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Environmental responsibility 

Water accountability

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Water accountability

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Water accountability

GRI 303: Water 

2017

303-1

Water withdrawal by source

Water accountability

Base data – water consumption 

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

57


Biodiversity

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2017

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Environmental responsibility

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

CEO’s message

Our approach to sustainability

Environmental responsibility

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Environmental responsibility

GRI 304: 

Biodiversity 2017

304-1

Operational sites owned, leased, 

managed in, or adjacent to, protected 

areas and areas of high biodiversity value 

outside protected areas

Environmental responsibility

304-2

Significant impacts of activities, products, 

and services on biodiversity

Environmental responsibility

304-3

Habitats protected or restored

Environmental responsibility

304-4

IUCN Red List species and national 

conservation list species with habitats in 

areas affected by operations

Fauna identified in First Resources’ areas 

of operation as of 2017

Emissions

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2017

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Indonesia Sustainable Palm Oil (ISPO) 

Reducing carbon emissions

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Targets and progress 

Our approach to sustainability 

Reducing carbon emissions

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Reducing carbon emissions

GRI 305: Emissions 

2017

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Reducing carbon emissions

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

Reducing carbon emissions

305-3

Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions

Reducing carbon emissions

305-4

GHG emissions intensity

Reducing carbon emissions 

305-5

Reduction of GHG emissions

Reducing carbon emissions

Effluents and Waste

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2017

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Reducing carbon emissions 

Water accountability

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Reducing carbon emissions

Fertiliser usage 

Water accountability 

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Reducing carbon emissions

Water accountability 

GRI 306: Effluents 

and Waste 2017

306-1

Water discharge by quality and destination Water accountability 

Base data – effluents 

306-3

Significant spills

No significant spills

Supplier Environmental Assessment

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2017

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Supply chain engagement and traceability

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Our approach to sustainability

Supply chain engagement and traceability 

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Supply chain engagement and traceability 

GRI

INDEX

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

58 


SOCIAL

Employment

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2017

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Working conditions 

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Our approach to sustainability 

Working conditions

Stakeholder engagement table

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Working conditions

GRI 401: 

Employment 2017

401-2

Benefits provided to full-time employees 

that are not provided to temporary or part-

time employees

Working conditions

Labour/Management Relations

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2017

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Working conditions

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Our approach to sustainability

Working conditions

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Working conditions 

Occupational Health and Safety

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2017

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Health and safety

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Our approach to sustainability

Working conditions 

Health and safety

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Health and safety 

GRI 403: 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 2017

403-1

Workers representation in formal joint 

management-worker health and safety 

committees

Health and safety 

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities

Health and safety

Base data – health and safety 

Training and Education

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2017

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Training and development 

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Training and development 

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Training and development 

GRI 404: Training 

and Education  

2017

404-1

Average hours of training per year per 

employee

Base data - training and development 

404-2

Programmes for upgrading employee skills 

and transition assistance programmes

Training and development 

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

59


Diversity and Equal Opportunity

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2017

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Equal opportunities 

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Code of Conduct, whistleblowing, and 

grievance procedure 

Our approach to sustainability 

Equal opportunities 

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Equal opportunities 

GRI 405: Diversity 

and Equal 

Opportunity 2017

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees

Board composition 

Equal opportunities 

Base data - permanent employees by 

gender 

Non-discrimination

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2017

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Equal opportunities 

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Our approach to sustainability 

Equal opportunities 

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Equal opportunities 

Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2017

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Freedom of association and collective 

bargaining 

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Freedom of association and collective 

bargaining 

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Freedom of association and collective 

bargaining 

Child Labour

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2017

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Working conditions 

Forced and child labour 

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Our approach to sustainability 

Forced and child labour 

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Forced and child labour 

GRI 408: Child 

Labour 2017

408-1

Operations and suppliers at significant risk 

for incidents of child labour

Forced and child labour 

Forced or Compulsory Labour

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2017

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Working conditions 

Forced and child labour 

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Our approach to sustainability 

Forced and child labour 

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Forced and child labour 

GRI 409: Forced or 

Compulsory Labour 

2017

409-1

Operations and suppliers at significant 

risk for incidents of forced or compulsory 

labour

Forced and child labour 

GRI

INDEX

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

60 


Rights of Indigenous Peoples

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2017

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Community engagement 

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Community engagement 

Community investment

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Community engagement

Community investment

GRI 411: Rights of 

Indigenous Peoples 

2017

411-1

Incidents of violations involving rights of 

indigenous peoples

Community engagement

Human Rights Assessment

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2017

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Working conditions

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Code of Conduct, whistleblowing, and 

grievance procedure 

Our approach to sustainability

Working conditions 

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Working conditions

GRI 412: Human 

Rights Assessment 

2017

412-1

Operations that have been subject 

to human rights reviews or impact 

assessments

Working conditions 

Local Communities

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2017

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Community engagement

Smallholders 

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Our approach to sustainability 

Monitoring and grievance procedure

Community engagement

Smallholders 

Stakeholder engagement table

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Community engagement

Smallholders 

GRI 413: Local 

Communities 2017

413-1

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, and 

development programs

Fire prevention

Community engagement

Smallholders 

413-2

Operations with significant actual and 

potential negative impacts on local 

communities

Community engagement

Smallholders 

Supplier Social Assessment

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2017

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Supply chain engagement and traceability

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Our approach to sustainability

Supply chain engagement and traceability 

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Supply chain engagement and traceability

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

61


STAKEHOLDER 

ENGAGEMENT TABLE

Stakeholders Method of Engagement Objective

Frequency

Communities

Meetings with Community 

Development Officers

• Promoting development of sustainable oil 

palm

• Socialisation of sustainability policies

• Identify community development programs 

to meet local needs

• At least four 

times a year

• Socialisation of fire prevention, 

management and monitoring

• Initiate FPIC processes with local 

communities

• Periodic

• Periodic only 

in new areas

Customers

Phone calls/meetings

• Socialisation of sustainability policy and 

traceability of our supply chain

• Periodic

Networking sessions held by 

industry associations

• Relationship building

• Identifying business opportunities

• Three to four 

times a year

Site assessments

• To conduct site assessment 

• To interview stakeholders of the site 

(employees, communities)

• To strengthen relations through support 

and feedback on operations 

• When 

necessary

Employees

Internal portal and media 

distribution

• To keep employees updated on company 

news and policies

• All the time

Performance review

• Review employees’ performance and 

receive feedback on job satisfaction

• Twice a year

Training and development

• To strengthen human capital and long-term 

performance

• Regularly

Labour Union

Focus group discussion

and meetings

• To discuss cooperative labour issues

• Once a year

Regulatory 

Bodies (including 

Government)

Reporting on compliance to local 

and national regulations

• Informing the regulatory bodies on our 

compliance of applicable regulation/

legislation

• Once a year 

by respective 

regulatory 

bodies

Plasma Farmers

Group meetings

• To provide guidance on best plantation 

management practices

• Socialisation of sustainability standards 

and practices

• Quarterly 

basis

• At least once 

a year

Shareholders/ 

Investors

Annual General Meeting

• Delivery of company performance, plans 

and updates on industry

• Seeking approval and feedback

• Once a year

Site visits

• Delivery of company performances and 

plans

• Provide better understanding on 

company’s operations

• When 

necessary

Conferences/one-on-one 

meetings/non-deal roadshows

• Delivery of company performances, plans 

and updates on industry

• At least once 

a year

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

62 


Stakeholders Method of Engagement Objective

Frequency

Financial Institutions

Meetings

• To provide updates on Company’s 

performance and plans to facilitate review

• To provide updates on implementation of 

our Sustainability Policy and certification 

status of our operations

• As and when 

required

Certification Bodies

Site assessments 

• To ensure compliance and review results

• To conduct recertification audits

• Once a year 

per site

Industry 

Associations

Meetings, gatherings and working 

group discussion

• To receive updates and provide feedback 

on development and changes in policies

• Monthly basis

Suppliers and 

Contractors

Meetings

• Explore business opportunities, working 

contracts, tender exercises, traceability

• Socialisation on company policies and 

standards including traceability targets

• As and when 

required

NGOs

Working group discussions

• Discuss overall sustainability standards, 

strategy and implementation

• Potential collaboration on landscape 

conservation projects, reforestation, 

HCV management and monitoring, fire 

management and monitoring

• As and when 

required

Media

Press releases

●	 Provide	update	on	performance	and	

industry related information

• Twice a year

Interviews

●	 Provide	update	on	performance	and	

industry related information

• When 

necessary

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

63


ABOUT  

THE REPORT

Materiality, Stakeholder Inclusiveness 

and Sustainability Context

The contents of this report have been determined based 

on ongoing stakeholder dialogue and a review of issues 

that are critical to First Resources. This report has been 

prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative 

(GRI) Standards: Core option. In developing this report, we 

have worked with Helikonia, a consultancy with extensive 

experience in palm oil disclosure. Together, we have reviewed 

NGO and investor reports, as well as social media coverage. 

We have also benchmarked and developed a gap analysis 

of our report content against disclosure platforms such as 

the Sustainable Palm Oil Transparency Toolkit (SPOTT) 

developed by the Zoological Society of London, and the 

RobecoSam Sustainability Assessment, as we see these as 

a proxy to understanding the indicators expected by a broad 

range of stakeholders. Finally, we have looked to peers in the 

industry and have striven to ensure that the content of this 

report meets best practice as compared to sector leaders.

We have combined the insights gained from these external 

frameworks with an internal consultation with our on-

the-ground teams and senior management, including the 

CEO. The issues identified were ranked on a scale 1–5 

and collated into a matrix (see below). Unless specifically 

noted, boundaries were considered to be First Resources’ 

organisational boundaries.

Throughout the report we seek to provide an appropriate 

context for our performance, particularly in relation to the 

unique social and environmental landscapes in Indonesia.

Reporting Cycle and Approach to 

Assurance

Starting from this year, we will produce an annual sustainability 

report as required by SGX. Our previous reports covered 

2011, 2012-2013 and 2014-15. In addition, stakeholders 

can review our annual RSPO Communications of Progress 

published each year in Q3 at www.rspo.org/members/193/

first-resources-limited 

We have not engaged third party assurance, as we believe 

that the in-depth assessments we are undertaking in material 

areas such as HCS, HCV and FPIC, as well as documentation 

on the RSPO website on our complaints handling, provide 

stronger performance assurance than that which would be 

possible by a traditional report assurance process. However, 

we will collate feedback from stakeholders on whether third-

party assurance is seen as valuable and helpful.

Materiality Matrix for 2016/17

Low

High

Importance to stakeholders

Low

High

Importance to First Resources Ltd

Smallholder

Inclusiveness

GHG Emission

Other Certification

Traceability &amp;

Outgrower FFB

New Plantings

Waste &amp; Water

Management

Pest 

Management

Corruption

Transparency

RSPO Certification

Deforestation/

HCS/HCV

Legal Regulatory

Compliance

Labour Conditions

Peat

Land &amp; HCV

Conservation

Land Conflict

Resolution/FPIC

NGO 

Engagement

Forest Fire

Procedures

CSR/Community

Health and

Safety

Productivity

Employee/Labour

Retention

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

64 


GLOSSARY

Biodiversity

The diversity (number and variety of species) of plant and animal life within a 

region.

Biological Oxygen Demand (BOD)

The amount of oxygen used when organic matter undergoes decomposition 

by micro-organisms. Testing for BOD is done to assess the amount of organic 

matter in water.

Carbon Dioxide Equivalents (CO2e)

Carbon dioxide equivalents provide a universal standard of measurement against 

which the impacts of releasing (or avoiding the release of) different greenhouse 

gases can be evaluated.

Effluents

Water discharged from one source into a separate body of water, such as mill 

process water.

Extraction rate

The amount of oil extracted from oil palm fruit at a mill. Crude palm oil (CPO) is 

extracted from the flesh; palm kernel oil (PKO) from the nut.

Empty fruit bunch (EFB)

The remaining plant matter once the oil palm fruitlets have been removed. 

Fresh fruit bunch (FFB)

Bunch harvested from the oil palm tree. The weight of the fruit bunch ranges 

between 10 kg to 40 kg depending on the size and age.

Free, Prior and Informed Consent

Principle that a community has a right to give or withhold its consent to proposed 

projects that may affect the lands they customarily own, occupy or use.

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)

A multi-stakeholder standard for sustainability reporting, providing guidance on 

determining report content and indicators.

High Conservation Values (HCV)

The concept of High Conservation Value Forests (HCVF) was first developed 

by the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) in 1999 as their ninth principle. The 

FSC defined HCVF as forests of outstanding and critical importance due to their 

environmental, socio-economic and cultural biodiversity and landscape value.

High Carbon Stock (HCS) 

Approach 

The HCS Approach is a practical methodology for distinguishing forest areas 

that should be protected from degraded lands that may be developed. It is a 

sequence of processes and assessments undertaken within two overarching 

modules: a social requirements module, which focuses on respecting 

communities’ rights to their lands; and an integration module, which includes 

the FPIC and HCV processes. 

International Labour 

Organization (ILO)

Is a tripartite world body representative of labour, management and government, 

and is an agency of the United Nations. It disseminates labour information and 

sets minimum international labour standards called “conventions”, offered to 

member nations for adoption.

Independent Director

According to the Listing Manual of SGX, an independent director is one who 

has no relationship with the company, its related corporations (i.e. a corporation 

that is the company’s holding company, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary), its 10% 

shareholders or its officers that could interfere, or be reasonably perceived to 

interfere, with the exercise of the director’s independent business judgement 

with a view to the best interests of the company.

Integrated Pest 

Management (IPM)

IPM is the careful consideration of all available pest control techniques 

and subsequent integration of appropriate measures that discourage the 

development of pest populations and keep pesticides and other interventions 

to levels that are economically justified and reduce or minimise risks to human 

health and the environment. IPM emphasises the growth of a healthy crop with 

the least possible disruption to agro-ecosystems and encourages natural pest 

control mechanisms.

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

65


Indonesia Sustainable 

Palm Oil (ISPO)

Mandatory national sustainable palm oil standard

International Sustainability and 

Carbon Certificate (ISCC)

A global biomass and bioenergy certification scheme

IUCN Red List

Based in Switzerland, the International Union for Conservation of Nature 

and Natural Resources (also known as The World Conservation Union) is an 

organisation involved in the preservation of natural resources. IUCN publishes 

the Red Data Book, which lists the endangered species of every nation.

Non-executive director

A board director who does not currently hold other employment with the 

company. Unlike an independent director, a non-executive can have significant 

financial interests or close personal ties to the company.

Non-governmental  

organisation (NGO)

Is used in this report to refer to grassroots and campaigning organisations 

focused on environmental or social issues.

Palm GHG

The PalmGHG Calculator is a tool developed by the RSPO Greenhouse Gas 

Working Group 2 to allow palm oil producers to estimate and monitor their net 

greenhouse gas emissions. The Calculator also enables palm oil producers to 

identify crucial areas in their production chain and thereby guiding emission 

reduction opportunities.

Palm oil mill effluent (POME)

By-product of processed fresh fruit bunch (FFB).

Peat

Peat is an accumulation of partially decayed vegetation matter. Peat forms 

in wetlands or peat lands, variously called bogs, moors, muskegs, pocosins, 

mires, and peat swamp forests.

Plasma schemes

A programme initiated by the Indonesian government to encourage the 

development of smallholders’ plantations with the assistance and cooperation 

of plantation companies (the nucleus) which assist and support the surrounding 

community plantations (the plasma).

Roundtable on Sustainable Palm 

Oil (RSPO)

A multi-stakeholder organisation based in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The 

organisation has developed a certification scheme for sustainable palm oil.

Stakeholders

Any group or individual who are affected by or can affect a company’s operations.

Sustainability

A term expressing a long-term balance between social, economic and 

environmental objectives. Often linked to sustainable development, which is 

defined as “development that meets the need of current generations without 

compromising the needs of future generations”.

Toxicity

Toxicity measures the degree to which a substance is harmful to living organisms. 

Toxicity in agricultural chemicals is measured using the LD50 methodology, i.e 

the toxicity units corresponding to a lethal dose for 50% of a population of rats. 

GLOSSARY

FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED   Sustainability Report 2017

66 


CONTACT

The contents of this report have been determined based on ongoing stakeholder dialogue and a review of issues that are critical. 

We welcome feedback from all our stakeholders. If you have questions or comments to this report, or to our sustainability 

performance in general, please contact us:

First Resources Limited

8 Temasek Boulevard 

#36-02 Suntec Tower Three

Singapore 038988 

Tel: +65 6602 0200

Email: sustainability@first-resources.com 


FIRST RESOURCES LIMITED

Company Registration Number : 200415931M

8 Temasek Boulevard

#36-02 Suntec Tower Three

Singapore 038988

T: +65 6602 0200

F: +65 6333 6711

Email: contactus@first-resources.com

www.first-resources.com

