






S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T 



2 0 1 9







B E Y O N D

A  

R E L E N T L E S S  

P U R S U I T  

F O R  

S U S T A I N A B L E  

G R O W T H






C O N T E N T S  

P A G E







01 Board Statement

02 Our Year in Review

03 About Food Empire

05 Sustainability at Food Empire

06 Economic Resilience

08 Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality

10 Principles

13 People

26 Planet

29 About the Report








The Board of Directors (the “Board”) is pleased to present the third Sustainability Report 

of Food Empire Holdings Limited (“Food Empire” or together with its subsidiaries, 

“the Group”) for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (“FY2019”). This report 

provides an update on the progress that the Group has made towards achieving its 

Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) aspirations.

In the last report, Food Empire made significant strides in its sustainability reporting 

journey. Through the addition of two material matters and the increase in scope to 

include Food Empire’s operations in Vietnam, the group provided a more comprehensive 

overview of its sustainability performance. This transparency and progress on the 

Group’s sustainability performance was formally recognised as the Group was awarded 

with the Singapore Investors Association of Singapore (“SIAS”) Sustainability Award for 

the “Small Cap” category. This is an affirmation of our continuous efforts in implementing 

environmentally and socially responsible practices. The Group will continue to ensure 

that it upholds the expectations of all its stakeholders towards achieving its ESG goals.

In 2019, the Board conducted a review of Food Empire’s five material sustainability 

matters and acknowledged that these material matters are still relevant to the 

Group this year. The Board will continue to ensure that these sustainability matters 

are monitored and managed. The Board remains committed to working closely with 

management to drive the sustainable growth of the Group and to deliver long-term 

value for our stakeholders.

B O A R D  S T A T E M E N T



1

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019






O U R  Y E A R  I N  R E V I E W

2,001

Employees

in Russia, Vietnam 

and Singapore

ZERO

Incidents of injury 

in Vietnam

ZERO 

confirmed cases 

of corruption and 

non-compliance 

with all laws and 

regulations

ZERO 

Work-related 

fatalities in all 

our operations

Recognised as the Winner of 

SUSTAINABILITY 

AWARD 

for the “Small Cap” category at the 

20th Securities Investors Association 

of Singapore (“SIAS”) Investors’  

Choice Awards 2019

2

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019






































A B O U T  F O O D  E M P I R E

Our mission is to be a leading global food and beverage company providing quality 

products and services. We will achieve this goal as we have the people, the passion 

and the enterprising spirit to make a difference.

W H E R E  Q U A L I T Y  I S  C R E A T E D

Listed in SGX Mainboard since April 2000, Food Empire manufactures, sells and distributes 

our quality products to more than 50 countries. 

We operate 7 manufacturing facilities and 23 representative and liaison offices worlwide.

Our primary markets are Russia, Ukraine, Kazakhstan and other members of the 

Commonwealth of Independent States (“CIS”), as well as Indochina.

288.6 

million 

USD

Net sales 

in FY2019

7

Manufacturing 

facilities

&gt;17

Brands

23

Offices 

worldwide

Sold in over

50

countries

3

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019






From instant beverages to frozen finger foods and snacks, we have over 17 

brands that continuously delight our consumers. Specialising in a wide variety 

of instant beverages such as coffee, chocolate and tea products, we also have an 

assortment of snacks and easy-to-prepare frozen foods under our portfolio. Besides 

manufacturing and selling retail products, we also sell our raw ingredients to other 

food manufacturers.

We strive to continue innovating as we grow our portfolio to offer our consumers 

more product choices across the spectrum.

O U R  G R O W I N G  P O R T F O L I O  

O F  T R U S T E D  B R A N D S

INSTANT BEVERAGES

MacCoffee

Café PHO

Klassno

Petrovskaya Sloboda

MacTea

MacChocolate

Hillway

CaféRite

MacFito

MacChoco

MacCereal

NutriRite

FesAroma

Bolt

SNACK FOOD

Kracks

Chizzpa

FROZEN CONVENIENCE FOOD

OrienBites

COFFEE CAPSULES

Tazzanera

4

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019








O U R  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  F R A M E W O R K

Sustainability at Food Empire is guided by our Sustainability Framework which is underpinned by 

our three ambitions around Principles, People and Planet.  We want to make the biggest difference 

to all our stakeholders and continue to refine and use this sustainability framework to shape our 

business practices.

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  

A T  F O O D  E M P I R E















PLANET

We care about our PLANET. We strive to 

reduce our environmental impact and 

safeguard a future for all generations  

to come. 

PRINCIPLES

We guide our purpose 

with PRINCIPLES. We are 

committed to conducting 

our business with the 

highest integrity and 

accountability

PEOPLE

We are passionate about 

PEOPLE. We place great 

emphasis on creating 

a safe and inclusive 

workplace for our 

employees, as well as 

serving quality products 

to our customers.

OUR 

SUSTAINABILITY 

FOCUS

5

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019










As we continue to grow our business, we face a variety of challenges across 

our operations. From changing consumer demands to potential disruption in 

an increasingly complex supply chain, we constantly strive to overcome these 

challenges so that we can serve our quality products across the markets. We 

remain committed to our strategic thrust to economic resilience by innovating 

new products, diversifying our key markets as well as suppliers to ensure minimal 

impediments to our business.

I N N O VAT E  &amp;  D I V E R S I F Y :  

C A F É  P H O  –  A  B R E W  O F  I N N O VAT I O N

At Food Empire, we place emphasis on the importance of product innovation in strengthening our business resiliency. We 

embrace and encourage new ideas to remain ahead of the curve in the rapid customer preference changes in the market. 

Following the success of Café PHO brand in a rich coffee-drinking culture in Vietnam, Food Empire launched a new product: 

Café PHO Nha Lam in July 2019. Focusing on bringing an authentic experience of street iced coffee, the new product offers 

a much richer and creamier taste as compared to the other instant coffee in the market. The launch of the new Café PHO 

Nha Lam was held with the presence of over 470 excited attendees. 

While the creation of new products remains an important part of our strategy, promotion of existing products in innovative 

ways can revitalise and significantly improve demand for the product. Since its launch, Café PHO has seen several successful 

marketing campaigns. This year, Food Empire collaborated with Vietnamese pop singer, Toc Tien, to create a catchy music 

video. This marketing campaign saw great success as the video gathered more than 56 million views and counting on the 

video-streaming platform YouTube. 

In addition to product innovation, we have also expanded the market availability of Café PHO. In 2019, we added Uzbekistan 

to the list of countries where Café PHO is available. As a new entrant to the market, Café PHO saw great success with a total 

of 4.1 million sachets sold since its availability.



E C O N O M I C  R E S I L I E N C E



6

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019










I N N O VAT E  &amp;  D I V E R S I F Y : 

M A CCO F F E E  –  A N  AWA R D - W I N N I N G 

R E C I P E  F O R  S U CC ES S

MacCoffee is Food Empire’s flagship brand and is our most 

successful brand. Through a combination of producing high-quality 

products and innovative marketing campaigns, Food Empire was 

able to win the hearts and minds of consumers in our key markets. 

In recognition of its status as one of the most popular products in 

Russia, MacCoffee has won numerous awards including the “Product 

of the Year 2019” for coffee products in Russia and the “No.1 brand 

in Russia” in the Narodnaya Marka competition which focuses on top 

FMCG brands based on consumers’ choice.

While our products remain popular in Russia, we recognise that 

consumer preferences may change and there is a need to innovate 

to ensure continued relevance of our products. In 2019, we added 

the cinnamon flavour to our best-selling MacCoffee Cappuccino 

di Torino range, a flavour that is currently trending in Russia. 

Thus far, the new range has been a success, making a significant 

proportion of our coffee mix business sales. This product has since 

been launched in other markets including Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, 

Belarus and Armenia. 

S U P P LY  C H A I N  A N D  O P E R AT I O N  C O N T I N U I T Y 

As a consumer product company, supply chain continuity is critical for our business operation. To minimise disruption, we 

have diversified the supply base for critical materials to various countries and regions; including Brazil, India, Malaysia and 

Vietnam to prevent any disruptions to production in our factories.  A dedicated task force is established to engage with all 

suppliers on weekly basis so that any direct or indirect delays in the supply will be detected early. A safe buffer inventory is 

also maintained at factories where possible. 

In addition to our supply chain, we also put in place contingency plans for our own operation. The main strategy includes 

the digitalisation of our work processes, implementing remote working protocols and ensuring a robust IT infrastructure for 

uninterrupted communications across our global operation. 









7

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


K E Y  S TA K E H O L D E R S

[GRI 102-40] [102-42] [102-43] [102-44]

From procurement of ingredients to the sale of our products, 

we understand that our operations can affect various 

stakeholders across our value chain. At Food Empire, we 

believe in fostering relationships with our key stakeholders. 

Through regular engagement, we aim to stay abreast with the 

relevant sustainability matters that interest them the most and 

provide solutions that deliver long term value. An overview of 

our key stakeholders, their expectations and our channels of 

communications is presented below.

S T A K E H O L D E R  E N G A G E M E N T 

&amp;  M A T E R I A L I T Y

SHAREHOLDERS

Key Interests:

 

„ Financial and operational 

performance of Food 

Empire

 

„ Good corporate 

governance of Food Empire

 

„ Sustainability of  

Food Empire

 

„ Transparency

How we engage:

 

„ Annual Report and 

Sustainability Report 

(Annual)

 

„ Annual shareholder 

meeting (Annual)

 

„ Announcements and 

circulars (Regular)

 

„ Investor relations channel 

(Active)

 

„ Investor presentations, 

roadshows, dialogue 

sessions (Regular)

 

„ Quarterly reports 

(Quarterly)

CONSUMERS

Key Interests:

 

„ Business ethics and 

sustainable practices

 

„ Food safety and hygiene

 

„ Innovation

 

„ Product quality and 

nutritional value

 

„ Responsible marketing and 

labelling

How we engage:

 

„ Annual Report and 

Sustainability Report 

(Annual)

 

„ Consumer enquiries 

channel (Active)

 

„ Marketing and labelling of 

products (Active)

 

„ Mass media and social 

media (Regular)

 

„ Point of sale (Active)

 

„ Surveys and market 

research (Ad hoc)

SUPPLIERS AND BUSINESS 

PARTNERS

Key Interests:

 

„ Business ethics and 

sustainable practices

 

„ Long-term business 

relationship with  

Food Empire

 

„ Financial and operational 

performance of  

Food Empire

 

„ Sustainability of  

Food Empire

How we engage:

 

„ Annual Report and 

Sustainability Report 

(Annual)

 

„ Direct communication, 

meetings and discussions 

(Regular)

 

„ Evaluation and monitoring 

(Ad hoc)

 

„ Joint initiatives and 

programmes (Ad hoc)

 

„ Site visits and audits/checks 

(Ad hoc)

 

„ Survey (Ad hoc)

COMMUNITIES

Key Interests:

 

„ Contribution to economic and social 

development

 

„ Environmental impact of operations

 

„ Local employment

How we engage:

 

„ Annual Report and Sustainability 

Report (Annual)

 

„ Corporate social responsibility 

initiatives (Ad hoc)

 

„ Sponsorship and philanthropy (Ad hoc)

GOVERNMENT AND REGULATORS

Key Interests:

 

„ Compliance to applicable laws and 

regulations

 

„ Contributions to economic and social 

development

 

„ Environmental impact of operations

How we engage:

 

„ Annual Report and Sustainability 

Report (Annual)

 

„ Industry sector participation channels 

(Ad hoc)

 

„ Participation in conferences, meetings 

and discussions

 

„ Site visits and audits/checks

FINANCIERS

Key Interests:

 

„ Financial and operational performance 

of Food Empire

 

„ Good corporate governance of Food 

Empire

 

„ Sustainability of Food Empire

 

„ Timely repayment of loan principal and 

interest

How we engage:

 

„ Annual Report and Sustainability 

Report (Annual)

 

„ Direct communication, meetings and 

discussion (Annual)

 

„ Announcements and circulars (Regular)

EMPLOYEES AND 

WORKERS

Key Interests:

 

„ Engagement in Food 

Empire’s business

 

„ Equal opportunities and 

non-discrimination

 

„ Health, safety and well-being

 

„ Job satisfaction

 

„ Remuneration

 

„ Training and development 

opportunities

How we engage:

 

„ Annual Report and 

Sustainability Report 

(Annual)

 

„ Company events and 

activities (Regular)

 

„ Control self-assessment 

for Senior Management 

(Regular)

 

„ Human resource channel 

(Active)

 

„ Staff appraisal (Regular)

 

„ Surveys and interviews (Ad 

hoc)

 

„ Training and development 

programmes (Regular)

 

„ Volunteer and community 

activities (Ad hoc)

8

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


M AT E R I A L I T Y  A S S E S S M E N T 

[GRI 102-46] [102-47]

By focusing the resources on the most critical matters of our 

business, we have managed to build great brands for the diverse 

markets. In our previous sustainability report, we have identified 

five material sustainability matters that have a significant impact 

to our business and key stakeholders. Upon review of these 

sustainability matters, Food Empire considers these to still be 

relevant. The figure below illustrates our materiality assessment 

process and the five material sustainability matters identified 

through the assessment. 

In 

FY2017, 

we 

performed 

a 

materiality assessment exercise: 

 

„ Consolidation 

of 

potential 

material sustainability matters,  

considering insights drawn from 

internal interviews and selected 

peer benchmarking

 

„ Prioritisation 

of 

material 

sustainability through materiality 

assessment workshop, taking into 

account both internal and external 

stakeholders perspectives. 

 

„ Validation 

of 

three 

material 

sustainability 

matters 

by 

the 

Board. 

In FY2018, we have expanded our 

reporting scope to include our Vietnam 

operations. We reviewed our material 

sustainability matters and identified 

two new material sustainability matters.

Validation of five material sustainability 

matters by the Board.

In FY2019, we conducted another 

review of our material sustainability 

matters and found that the five material 

sustainability matters are still relevant 

across our operations.

These matters will be reviewed again in 

subsequent reporting years to ensure 

their continued relevance.

FY2018

REVIEW

FY2019

REVIEW

FY2017

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

Mapping of Material Sustainability Matters 

to GRI Standards Topics

No.

Sustainability 

Matters

Relevant GRI Standards 

Topics

1

Energy Consumption 

and Greenhouse Gas 

(GHG) Emission

GRI 302: Energy  

GRI 305: Emissions

2

Consumer Health and 

Safety

GRI 416: Customer Health 

and Safety  

GRI 417: Marketing and 

Labeling

3

Anti-corruption

GRI 102: Ethics and Integrity  

GRI 205: Anti-Corruption

4

Occupational health 

and safety

GRI 403: Occupational 

Health and Safety

5

Employment practices

GRI 401: Employment

1

2

3

4

5

High

High

IMPORTANCE TO EXTERNAL STAKEHOLDERS

IMPORTANCE TO INTERNAL STAKEHOLDERS

Low

Non-material matters

Material matters

9

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019






















































S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y  G O V E R N A N C E

[GRI 102-18] [102-29] [102-32]

A strong sustainability governance is predicated upon having a well-defined committee structure with a clear delegation of responsibility 

for all involved in pushing our sustainability strategy forward.

Energy 

Consumption 

and 

Greenhouse 

Gas Emissions

Consumer 

Health and 

Safety

Anti-corruption

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety

Employment 

practices

THE BOARD

At the highest level, The Board of Directions (“the Board”) is responsible for the sustainability 

performance and ensures sustainability matters incorporated in the Group’s strategic formulation. 

The Board also identifies material sustainability matters and ensure they are well managed, with 

appropriate policies, practices in place.

FOOD EMPIRE TOP MANAGEMENT 

The Management team oversees the implementation of the relevant sustainability policies and 

regularly monitors the progress of key metrics relevant to the Group’s sustainability performance. 

The Management provides updates to the Board on the overall progress towards achieving its 

Sustainability goals on a regular basis.

FOOD EMPIRE SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE

The Food Empire Sustainability Committee reports directly to the top management team. The 

Committee includes sustainability coordinators from the headquarters in Singapore as well as 

representatives from key markets; Russia and Vietnam. Market representatives work with local 

teams to ensure that specific policies are adhered to at operational level and keep track of the 

country’s performance. The Committee meets regularly to discuss key updates and discuss potential 

improvements to sustainability reporting and performance of Food Empire.

MATERIAL 

MATTER 

CHAMPIONS

P R I N C I P L E S

Food Empire believes that upholding high standards of corporate governance is 

paramount to our continued success and is a key enabler for the Group to achieve 

its sustainability aspirations across all levels of the organisation.

1 0

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019














O U R  B U S I N E S S  E T H I C S

WHY IS ANTI-CORRUPTION IMPORTANT TO FOOD EMPIRE? 

[GRI 103-1]

A core part of the continued success of a business is through its 

ability to maintain the trust and confidence of all its stakeholders. 

Incidence of corruption can result in a loss of trust and cause 

significant harm to the reputation of a business. It can also result in 

material damage in the form of legal and financial consequences 

to the business. Food Empire adopts a strict zero-tolerance 

stance towards incidences of fraud, bribery and corruption. As a 

responsible member of society, we are committed towards taking 

all possible steps towards ensuring that no forms of corruption 

take place within the organisation.

MANAGEMENT APPROACH 

[GRI 103-2] [103-3] [205-2] [205-3]

Policies and procedures

Summary

Legal compliance

Employees and directors are expected to comply with the local 

laws and regulations (e.g. Anti-Corruption, Labour, Immigration 

Act etc.) in all the countries we operate in.

Product quality and 

safety

Products must meet all applicable food safety and hygiene 

standards required by law in the countries we manufacture and 

supply to.

Gifts, loans and 

entertainment

Employees and directors should not, directly or indirectly, accept 

gifts of cash, favours or anything of value which could impair, or 

appear to impair their ability to perform their duties or exercise 

their judgment in a fair and unbiased manner.

Interest in other business 

and organisations

Employees and directors should not, directly or indirectly, 

engage in any work or business other than those in connection 

with their duties. This includes not having any deemed interest 

in any transaction, competitor or supplier which could influence 

objectivity and create a conflict of interest.

Indirect interests and 

relationships

Employees and directors should not be in a position to make 

or influence any decision made pertaining to any transaction or 

business endeavour which might involve their relatives.

Confidentiality and use 

of company information

Employees and directors should not use for personal benefit or 

disclose any company information and data to any other person 

or entity, even after termination of employment.

Diversion of corporate 

opportunities

Employees and directors should not appropriate or divert any 

business or financial opportunity to any other person or entity.

Safeguarding company 

property

Employees and directors should utilise the company’s resources 

and assets in a most efficient manner, to increase competitiveness 

and provide the best possible service to customers.

Code of Conduct

Employees and directors are expected to follow the Code of 

Conduct, which covers:

a. High Standard of Honesty and Integrity

b. Loyalty to Company

c. Conflict of Interest

d. Cost Effectiveness

Food Empire is committed towards maintaining high standards of corporate governance and business 

conduct. This conduct is governed by Food Empire’s Business Ethics and Code of Conduct. The table 

below provides a summary of key aspects of this code. This code of conduct is communicated to all 

our employees.

POLICY

11

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019




















Perpetual target

FY2019 performance

Zero cases of non-compliance with all applicable laws and 

regulations



  Achieved

Zero cases of confirmed incidents of corruption



  Achieved

TARGETS

GRIEVANCE 

PROCEDURES

Food Empire has implemented a Group-wide grievance mechanism in the form of its 

Whistleblowing Policy. This Whistleblowing Policy allows for employees to raise concerns 

about any wrongdoings, financial malpractice, illegal acts or business practices that go against 

Food Empire code of conduct in a safe and confidential manner. This channel ensures that 

any breach of trust can be reported by employees without fear of reprisals or victimisation.

The Audit Committee (“AC”) has the responsibility to oversee this Policy. Specifically, the AC 

Chairman (“ACC”) handles the following functions:

 

„ Receipt of Complaints 

 

„ A preliminary review of the Complaints and reporting valid Complaints to the AC

 

„ Setting up and maintenance of a Complaints Register

1 2

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019








O U R  E M P LO YM E N T  P R A C T I C E S

WHY ARE EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES IMPORTANT TO FOOD EMPIRE? 

[GRI 103-1]

Food Empire believes in the importance of maintaining a fair, 

responsible and conducive working environment for all our 

employees. Diversity remains a key facet of our hiring practices. 

We strongly believe that diversity and inclusivity are integral 

aspects of enhancing teamwork, confidence and performance of 

our employees. These practices set us apart as a choice employer. 

At a Group level, we believe in setting a clear direction through our 

policies to ensure that all employees are treated equally and are 

given the same opportunities to grow and develop themselves.

MANAGEMENT APPROACH 

[GRI 103-2] [103-3]

P E O P L E

As a business that is focused on bringing joy to consumers through our products 

- care for people forms a core part of Food Empire’s purpose. At Food Empire, 

not only do we aim to create a positive difference in the lives of consumers by 

providing quality food and beverages, we also hope to inspire people through our 

brands, bringing greater value to our consumers, stakeholders, partners and the 

community at large.







Policies and procedures

Summary

Recruitment

This policy serves as the basis of our recruitment practices. 

It embodied our commitment to provide equal employment 

opportunity regardless of race, national origin, religion, age, or 

gender.

Employment benefits

This policy sets out the guidelines and procedures of employee’s 

benefits which include compensation benefits, leave policy and 

administration, and medical and dental benefits.

Career development

This policy aims to provide a guideline in ensuring that a 

consistent and systematic approach is taken to the management 

of career development activities for employees of the company, 

including performance appraisal, succession planning, and 

training and development.

Our employment policies covers a wide range of employment practices which includes recruitment, 

employment benefits and career developments among other practices. The table below presents 

our Group’s key policies and procedures.

POLICY

To effectively implement employment policies across our operations, we delegate the day-to-

day  Human Resources (“HR”) operation to our local HR team. Our corporate HR in Singapore is 

accountable to set the Group’s key policies and track the implementation of the said policies in our 

operations.  

At the operational level, the HR departments are responsible for adopting the Group’s employment 

policies which are subsequently tailored to include specific employment provisions from applicable 

regulations in the country. The local HR team reports key resources statistic to the Group HR 

quarterly.

The existing structure ensures consistency in human resources practices across the Group while still 

providing flexibility to adapt to different regulatory requirements at operating countries.

13

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019




I N I T I AT I V E S  A N D  P E R F O R M A N C E

PROFILE OF OUR WORKFORCE 

[GRI 102-8]

In 2019, Food Empire had a total of 2,001 employees in Singapore, 

Russia and Vietnam. The majority of our employees (88%) were 

hired as full-time staff on a permanent basis. 

In Singapore, where the headquarters is located, the number of 

employees remained stable at 47 people in 2019. The majority 

of employees in Singapore are working in corporate support 

functions.

Vietnam accounts for 55% of the total workforce. The number of 

employees remained stable with 1,101 employees. The majority 

of staff worked in sales and production to support the business 

growth. 

Russia accounted for 42% of our total workforce. Compared to the 

previous year, there was an increase in the number of temporary 

employees working in Russia. The majority of employees were 

involved in production. Due to manpower shortages in Russia, it 

is the industry practice for manufacturing companies to employ 

temporary workers. All our temporary workers are entitled to a 

full-benefits package which is comparable to permanent workers. 

The entitlements include free meals, official transport, payment 

of primary and periodic medical examination. 













GRIEVANCE 

PROCEDURES

COMMITMENT

Food Empire takes every opportunity to ensure that we provide a positive working 

environment that is free from harassment and discrimination. However, we acknowledge 

that it is not possible to fully prevent all of such incidents. In the case where such incidents 

of harassment is alleged to have taken place, Food Empire has implemented an informal and 

grievance procedure through which employees are able to raise an issue.

During an informal grievance procedure, employees are able to raise grievances to their 

immediate superior who will attempt to identify possible resolutions with the employees. 

During this process, if the matter is unable to be resolved, the case would be escalated to a 

formal grievance procedure.

During a formal grievance procedure, an employee will submit an official report to his/her 

superior or the head of Group HR. A grievance manager will investigate, where applicable, 

until the matter is resolved or when employees decide to withdraw the grievance. Employees 

are allowed to appeal the decision in the case when the matter is not sufficiently resolved.

Food Empire is committed to create a fair and inclusive working environment for our 

employees and workers.

1 4

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019




GROUP EMPLOYEES PROFILE BY  

GENDER AND EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT

SINGAPORE EMPLOYEES PROFILE BY 

GENDER AND EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT

VIETNAM EMPLOYEES PROFILE BY 

GENDER AND EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT

RUSSIA EMPLOYEES PROFILE BY 

GENDER AND EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT 

Total

2,001

Total

47

Total

853

Total

1,101

Male

1,149 | 57.4%

Female

852 | 42.6%

Permanent

Male: 1,022 | 51.1%

Female: 737 | 36.9%

Temporary

Male: 127 | 6.3%

Female: 115 | 5.7%

Male

436 | 48.3%

Male

17 | 36.2%

Male

696 | 63.2%

Female

417 | 51.7%

Female

30 | 63.8%

Female

405 | 36.9%

Permanent

Male: 309 | 36.2%

Female: 302 | 35.4%

Temporary

Male: 127 | 14.9%

Female: 115 | 13.5%

Permanent

Permanent

1 5

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019






1 The number of new hires in Russia does not include temporary foreign workers that need to leave the companies to reapply for their permit as it does not  

	 accurately	reflect	the	turnover

NEW HIRES AND TURNOVERS1 

[GRI 401-1][GRI 401-2]

In this reporting period, Food Empire welcomed a total of 1,051 

new employees across our operations in Russia and Vietnam. 

There were no new hires in Singapore in 2019. The hiring rate for 

2019 was 52.5% across all our operations.

Conversely, Food Empire also saw a turnover of 1071 employees 

across our operations in Russia and Vietnam. There were no 

turnovers in Singapore in 2019. The turnover rate was 53.5% 

across all our operations.

Vietnam accounts for most of our new hires and turnover in 

2019. Most of these changes in our employees occurred within 

our sales division. As discussed in previous years, it has been an 

industry trend in Vietnam for sales jobs to have a high turnover 

rate due to the demographics of individuals. Sales jobs which 

mainly attract young males, who have a higher tendency to value 

flexibility in their employment, are more likely to change jobs. 

This trend accounts for both the new hire and turnover rates in 

2019. Overall, the number of employees working for Food Empire 

in Vietnam has remained stable throughout the years.

Although our new hires and turnover rates are within the national 

industrial average of the respective countries, Food Empire 

understands that there is opportunity to further improve talent 

retention within the company.

GROUP NEW HIRES

RUSSIA NEW HIRES

VIETNAM NEW HIRES

Total

1,051

Total

161

Total

890

Male

673 | 64.0%

Female

378 | 36.0%

&lt; 30 years old

Male: 356 | 33.9%

Female: 199 | 18.9%

30 – 50 years old

Male: 311 | 29.6%

Female: 167 | 15.9%

&gt;50 years old

Male: 6 | 0.6%

Female: 12 | 1.1%

Male

87 | 52.9%

Female

74 | 47.1%

&lt; 30 years old

Male: 20 | 12.4%

Female: 16| 9.9%

30 – 50 years old

Male: 61 | 37.9%

Female: 48 | 29.8%

&gt;50 years old

Male: 6 | 3.7%

Female: 10 | 6.3%

Male

586 | 65.8%

Female

304 | 34.2%

&lt; 30 years old

Male: 336 | 37.6%

Female: 183 | 20.6%

30 – 50 years old

Male: 250 | 28.1%

Female: 119 | 13.4%

&gt;50 years old

Male: 0| 0.00%

Female: 2 | 0.3%

1 6

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019






EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS 

[GRI 401-2]

Over the years, the Group provided all necessary employment 

benefits and welfare to our dedicated employees. In all operations, 

we provide employees with medical insurance and healthcare 

benefits. All employees enjoy entitled annual paid leave, parental 

leave and statutory retirement provision. Other various benefits 

include transport reimbursements, recreation activities, mobile 

phone subscription reimbursements, parental benefit-related 

gifts, overtime meal allowance and service awards.

Our benefit schedules comply with local laws and regulations 

where applicable. For example, in Vietnam, we comply with 

Internal Labour Regulations which was set based on Labour Code 

of 2012 regarding minimum annual leave, working hours, types 

and formats on leave of absence.

GROUP TURNOVER

RUSSIA TURNOVER

VIETNAM TURNOVER

Total

1,071

Total

163

Total

908

Male

704 | 69.1%

Female

367 | 36.9%

&lt; 30 years old

Male: 357 | 33.3%

Female: 214 | 20.0%

30 – 50 years old

Male: 344 | 32.1%

Female: 135 | 12.6%

&gt;50 years old

Male: 7 | 0.4%

Female: 18 | 1.6%

Male

93 | 57.1%

Female

70 | 42.9%

&lt; 30 years old

Male: 24 | 14.0%

Female: 15 | 9.2%

30 – 50 years old

Male: 63 | 38.6%

Female: 39 | 23.9%

&gt;50 years old

Male: 6 | 3.6%

Female: 16 | 9.7%

Male

611 | 67.8%

Female

297 | 32.2%

&lt; 30 years old

Male: 329 | 36.2%

Female: 199 | 21.9%

30 – 50 years old

Male: 281 | 30.9%

Female: 96 | 10.6%

&gt;50 years old

Male: 1 | 0.2%

Female: 2 | 0.2%

1 7

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019














C A S E  S T U DY

B U I L D I N G  A  S T R O N G E R  T E A M

LUNAR NEW YEAR 

CELEBRATION (SINGAPORE)

Every 

year, 

Food 

Empire 

takes 

the 

opportunity to recognise our employees and 

celebrate their contribution to the business. 

This is often done through celebrating the 

festivities with our employees. This year, 

Food Empire celebrated Lunar New Year 

at the “Lunar New Year Lohei Lunch 2019”. 

As the festivities are a time for reunion, we 

invited all our directors, partners, business 

associates, staff and guests to celebrate the 

special occasion with us.

ANNUAL COMPANY OUTING TRIP AT 

PHAN THIET – MUI NE (VIETNAM)

Food Empire Vietnam organises company outing trips 

annually. This year, the company outing was held in April 

2019 at Phan Thiet – Mui Ne. Centered around the theme 

of ‘Change for growth’, nearly 300 employees attended 

the event. Activities that were carried out during the trip 

was focused on improving communication and promoting 

solidarity amongst our employees. Most importantly, the 

trip provided a fun avenue for employees to recharge to 

ensure that they have the zeal to work towards another 

successful year.

SPORTS AND RECREATION DAY AT FES 

(RUSSIA)

The “Sports &amp; Recreation day” for FES management team 

was held at a recreation centre in Dmitrov, Russia. This 

event pitted teams of our employees in a series of fun and 

engaging competition. It was aimed at promoting unity, 

teamwork, staff-bonding and instilling a sense of motivation 

in achieving common goals of the team.



1 8

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019






WHY IS OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY IMPORTANT TO FOOD EMPIRE? 

[GRI 103-1]

Food Empire understands that the provision of a safe and healthy environment is the most important commitment we have towards our 

employees. Promoting a strong workplace with a good health and safety culture is of key importance to Food Empire. We are cognisant 

of the shared responsibility that management and employees have towards maintaining a safe and healthy workplace environment.

MANAGEMENT APPROACH

 [GRI 403-1]



O C C U PAT I O N A L  H E A LT H  A N D  S A F E T Y







Policies and 

procedures

Coverage of 

Policies

Summary

Accident 

management 

procedures

Group-wide

This procedure outlines the steps that need to be 

taken when an accident occurs, which includes 

accident reporting process.

Emergency response 

procedures

Group-wide

This procedure provides the appropriate protocols 

that should be followed in the case that there are 

emergencies.

Safety, health, and 

environment (“SHE”) 

policy

Vietnam

This policy serves as a framework to protect the 

safety and health of our employees and outlines 

the company’s principle “all occupational accident, 

disease, and environmental incident shall be 

prevented”

Labour Safety 

Management System

Russia

This policy aligns our Safety, health, and 

environment (“SHE”) policies with regulations in 

Russia. This policy outlines roles, responsibilities 

and procedures to ensure that there is a high 

standard of safety in our Russian operations

The safety of our staff remains our top priority. We are committed to work towards the goal of 

zero work-related fatalities, with a workforce that puts safety-first in mind. Both of our operations 

in Russia and Vietnam have put in place policies and procedures to meet our goals. These include:

POLICY

Our workforce’s health and safety are managed down to the operational level. Each of our operating 

countries will have a dedicated health and safety management system and committees that 

oversee its implementation. Country-specific safety management systems and the committees are 

established to provide greater flexibility in responding to different regulations on health and safety 

in every country where we operate.







TARGETS

Targets

FY2019 performance

Perpetual target of zero confirmed work-related fatalities 

in all our operations



  Achieved

Achieve zero work-related injuries lost day by 2021 



  Achieved in Vietnam

     In progress in Russia

100% of workers receive at least one safety training 

annually



  Achieved

1 9

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019




INITIATIVES AND PERFORMANCE 

[GRI 103-2] [103-3][403-2]

RUSSIA

In Russia, we strive to align our health and safety practices 

with the relevant regulations in the country. The Labour Safety 

Management System (“LSMS”) developed in accordance with the 

Labour Code of the Russian Federation and other federal laws 

concerning workforce safety. Our LSMS also managed to obtain 

external certifications as described below.

Standards-certified

Description of standard

GOST 12.0.230-20072

Occupational safety 

standards system

This standard outlines the 

general requirements of 

occupational safety and health 

management system.

GOST R 12.0.007-2009

Labor protection 

management systems in 

organisations

This standard sets out 

the requirements on 

the development and 

implementation of safety 

management system which also 

sets the requirement for audit 

and improvement plan.

The LSMS provides guidance on the implementation of our safety 

management systems in Russia. The manual sets out the roles 

and responsibility that each key personnel have and the correct 

application of protocols to ensure that safety is upheld within 

our operations. A safety committee oversees the application of 

the LSMS. This committee meets up regularly to conduct safety 

inspections and discuss potential areas of improvement in the 

case when safety breaches were identified.

To ensure that all employees have the correct knowledge to carry 

out their work in a safe manner, Food Empire has established an 

annual training regime for our employees. All employees undergo 

mandatory safety training sessions. Instances of unsafe practices 

at work are communicated and highlighted to our employees 

during routine pre-work briefings.

2 Gosudarstvennyy Standart (GOST) refers to a set of technical state standards maintained by the Euro-Asian Council for Standardisation, Metrology and  

	 Certification	(EASC),	a	regional	standards	organisation	operating	under	the	auspices	of	the	CIS.	These	state	standards	are	an	analogue	of	the	corresponding	 

	 International	Organisation	for	Standardisation	(ISO)	standards.

During the year, there were no fatalities and two cases of injuries 

in Russia. This represents a significant decrease in injury rate of 

1.39 injuries per million manhours worked, from 2.57 injuries per 

million manhours worked in 2018. These incidents were minor in 

nature and pertained to injuries in the breakroom. Food Empire 

will continue to implement reminders to all employees to ensure 

that they take care of their own safety, as well as look out for the 

safety of their fellow co-workers.

VIETNAM 

A health and safety committee oversees the implementation of 

health and safety policies in Vietnam. Committee meetings are 

held regularly to discuss potential areas of improvements, as well 

as to highlight any unsafe practices that have the potential to 

cause harm to our employees.

A key aspect of Vietnam’s health and safety policy includes a 

risk assessment process that is reviewed annually to ensure its 

continued relevance to our operations. This risk assessment 

process forms a core part of the health and safety trainings that 

are conducted by us.

Annually, all employees in Vietnam are required to attend 

general safety training and role-specific safety training. In 2019, 

100% of employees attended the annual OSH training. Safety 

trainings were also conducted for high-risk activities and includes 

training on electrical safety, metal cutting and welding, and 

forklift operations. In addition to the formal training sessions, an 

emphasis was also placed on creating a culture of safety. These 

include monthly health and safety talks, as well as weekly health 

and safety patrol in which any employee can take part in. All 

these trainings contribute to the continued low rates of injuries 

in Vietnam.

This year, there were no fatalities nor injuries that occurred in 

Vietnam. This was a significant improvement from 2018 where 

the injury rate was 3.84 injuries per million manhours worked.

2 0

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019












The table below provides a summary of the fatality rate, rates of high consequences injury and work-related injury rate in 2019 in 

Russian and Vietnam.

2018

2019

Russia

Vietnam

Russia

Vietnam

Number of hours worked 

1,168,368

2,364,624

1,441,302

2,657,392

Number of fatalities

0

0

0

0

Fatality rate

0

0

0

0

Number of high consequence injuries3

0

0

0

0

Rate of high consequence injuries

0

0

0

0

Number of work-related injuries

3

1

2

0

Work-related injury rate4

2.57

0.42

1.39

0.00

In Vietnam, the emphasis is placed on creating an environment in which all 

employees are expected to activitely look out for safety issues by themselves and 

their coworkers. One of the key initiatives has been the Safety Training Observation 

Programme (“STOP”). Through this initiative, employees can point out to their fellow 

co-workers instances where an unsafe act was conducted and write a STOP report 

to highlight the issue to the management. Examples of unsafe acts include improper 

storage of wires resulting in tripping hazards and excessive stacking of boxes that 

may lead to topple hazards. When such instances are reported, communication 

measures are instituted to ensure that employees do not exhibit the unsafe practices 

again. 

Additionally, employees could also report design problems with equipment that may 

lead to injury. One example highligted was the bag sealing machinery which lacked 

a protective cover which can result in finger injury when the machine is operational. 

To address this issue, a protective hood was installed to reduce the likelihood of 

incidents.

Through this programme, 445 instances of unsafe acts and unsafe working conditions 

were highlighted. Employees who reported the problem were given awards for their 

conscientiousness. In all cases, appropriate measures were implemented to ensure 

that these safety breaches were addressed. 

C A S E  S T U DY

C R E AT I N G  A  C U LT U R E  O F  S A F E T Y  I N  F O O D  E M P I R E  V I E T N A M

3		Under	GRI,	high	consequence	injuries	refers	to	injuries	where	the	worker	cannot,	does	not,	or	is	not	expected	to	fully	recover	to	pre-injury	health	status	 

 within 6 months

4		Work-injury	is	calculated	based	on	the	number	of	injuries	per	1,000,000	hours	worked

21

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019




C O N S U M E R  H E A LT H  A N D  S A F E T Y

WHY IS CONSUMER HEALTH AND SAFETY IMPORTANT TO FOOD EMPIRE? 

[GRI 103-1]

As Food Empire’s business is primarily focused on the manufacture of consumer goods, the management of the health and safety risk 

arising from the consumption of our product is of key importance to the Group. Products of poor quality can pose a significant material 

risk and result in a loss of reputation, as well as potential fines for breaches to relevant product safety laws. In addition, we believe it is 

a moral obligation to ensure that the food we produce would not lead to any health risk amongst our consumers. We take every effort 

to ensure that the quality of our products meet the needs and expectations of our consumers. By providing a product of exceptional 

quality, we can create loyalty to our brands and ensure continued patronage of our products.

MANAGEMENT APPROACH

[GRI 103-2]







Policies and procedures

Summary

Quality and Food Safety

 

„ Manufacture products that meet or exceeds our quality 

and food safety standards and statutory and regulatory 

requirements

 

„ Develop and implement the Quality Management System 

and Product Safety System and validate their effectiveness 

through internal and external verification processes

 

„ Engage with vendors on their quality systems and 

specifications for inspection, handling, storage, and despatch 

of raw materials and packaging materials

 

„ Communicate with consumers on product storage and other 

consumer guidelines

Policies and procedures

Summary

Food Safety Policy

 

„ Outline food safety and quality management system and 

guidelines to meet the food safety standard

Quality manual

 

„ Set out the key steps in quality control procedures

Good manufacturing 

practices (“GMP”) manual

 

„ Provide guidance on best practices in manufacturing process 

to ensure the health and safety of our product

Supplier control manual

 

„ Outline the controls to ensure the quality of the supply 

Warehouse standard 

manual

 

„ Set out the requirements for safe storage; for example; 

hygiene practices, humidity level and temperature. 

Transportation manual

 

„ Provide guidelines to our drivers on how to maintain the 

quality of our supply and product during transportation

Food Empire constantly reviews our policies to ensure that they account for both regulatory changes 

and changes to customer preference. Through such robust policies, we are able to ensure that our 

products are of the highest quality, thus ensuring continued customer confidence in our products. 

These policies are implemented at country level to ensure compliance with local regulations. The 

table below outlines the policies set out in both of our operations. 

RUSSIA

POLICY

VIETNAM







TARGETS

Perpetual target

FY2019 performance

Zero confirmed incidents of non-compliance with all 

applicable laws and regulations concerning consumer health 

and safety.



  Achieved

2 2

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019




INITIATIVES AND PERFORMANCE 

[GRI 103-3] [416-1] [416-2] [417-2]

RUSSIA

In Russia, our Food Safety and Quality Management system is 

certified by the GOST standards. These standards are a regulatory 

requirement for food manufacturers in Russia. The table below 

summarised our current food safety and quality certifications5.

Standards-certified

Description of standard

GOST  R ISO 22000-2007 

(ISO 22000: 2005)

Food Safety Management 

Systems

This standard sets out the 

requirements for a food safety 

management system and maps 

out what an organisation needs 

to do to demonstrate its ability 

to control food safety hazards 

and ensure food safety.

GOST R 54762-2011 

(ISO/TS 22002-1:2009)

Prerequisite Programmes 

on Food Safety – Part 1: 

Food Manufacturing

This standard sets out the 

requirements for establishing, 

implementing and maintaining 

prerequisite programmes to 

assist in controlling food safety 

hazards.

GOST ISO 9001-2011 

(ISO 9001:2008)

Quality Management 

Systems – Requirements

This standard sets out the 

criteria for an effective quality 

management system and it is 

designed to help organisations 

ensure that they meet the 

needs of stakeholders, statutory 

and regulatory requirements.

To ensure that all potential issues with food manufacturing can 

be accounted for, we take a systematic approach to assess the 

health and safety impact of our products across our life cycle. This 

assessment ensures that feedback and areas of improvement can 

be contributed by and communicated to all our stakeholders. By 

consistent implementation of our management system, we have 

managed to maintain zero non-compliance with all applicable 

laws and regulation concerning consumer health and safety in 

this reporting period.

5	 These	certifications	relate	to	the	entity	FES	Products	LLC	in	Russia,	whose	principal	activities	include	the	 

	 manufacturing	and	distribution	of	our	products.

VIETNAM 

In Vietnam, our Food Safety and Quality Management system 

is certified and in accordance with the requirement prescribed 

in ISO 22000:2005.  To ensure continued compliance with the 

standards, policies and practices in Vietnam have been updated 

to strengthen the quality control of products. 

Standards-certified

Description of standard

ISO 22000: 2005

Food Safety and Quality 

Management Systems

This standard sets out the 

requirements for a food safety 

management system and maps 

out what an organisation needs 

to do to demonstrate its ability 

to control food safety hazards 

and ensure food safety.

An integrated team of management, human resources, business 

comprises 

of 

management, 

human 

resources, 

business, 

maintenance, and production teams was established to ensure 

compliance to the Group’s food safety standards. The team 

is responsible for tracking and reviewing the performance in 

Vietnam to ensure that quality in our products is upheld. Relevant 

members of the team also undergo annual trainings such as ISO 

certification training, GMP training, and hazard analysis and 

critical control points (“HACCP”) training.

Before signing a contract with our suppliers, supplier audit 

procedures are carried out annually to review the food safety 

performance of our suppliers. This is done to ensure that at 

every step of the supply chain, our high standards of food safety 

management is upheld. A comprehensive assessment was 

performed to identify operational prerequisite programmes 

(“ORP”) and critical control point (“CCP”) in our key processing 

steps. Robust monitoring procedures are implemented in these 

ORPs and CCPs to maintain the highest standards of our products.

There were no cases of non-compliance with all applicable 

laws and regulations concerning consumer health and safety in 

Vietnam.

2 3

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019






O U R  C O M M U N I T Y

CSR ACTIVITIES IN SINGAPORE

FOOD EMPIRE SUPPORTS “GIVE A LINE, 

CHANGE A LIFE” PROJECT

In 2019, together with Industrial &amp; Services Co-

operative Society Ltd (“ISCOS”), Food Empire 

initiated the “Give a Line, Change a Life” project 

by providing basic smart phones with Zero1 

Unlimited Data Plan and pre-installed ISCOS 

Mobile App to new releasees. This project aims 

to ease ex-offenders’ integration into society 

by giving them ready access to modern-day 

mobile technology to keep them abreast of 

the latest happenings while providing them an 

effective avenue to reconnect with their family 

and friends.

TEMASEK POLYTECHNIC STUDENTS’ VISIT TO FOOD EMPIRE MOSCOW OFFICE

In 2019, Food Empire hosted a group of students from Temasek Polytechnic’s School of Informatics &amp; IT at our Moscow’s 

office during their Overseas Study Trip. During the programme, Food Empire shared with the students about the Food 

Empire journey – how the company and our brands including our flagship brand, MacCoffee, have evolved over the years, 

as we manoeuvred through global economic and political changes, as well as to meet the ever-changing demands of the 

markets and consumers.



24

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019






CSR ACTIVITIES IN RUSSIA



CSR ACTIVITIES IN VIETNAM

HOLIDAY CELEBRATIONS AT AN ORPHANAGE

In Russia, Food Empire partnered with several civil 

society groups in Dmitrov to hold a holiday celebration 

for children in a local orphanage. Food Empire believes 

that everyone, regardless of their circumstances, should 

be allowed to celebrate the festivities. During the event, 

we provided volunteer support and over two hundred 

gifts for the children.

BINH PHUOC CENTER FOR SOCIAL PROTECTION

In Vietnam, Food Empire partnered with Binh Phuoc 

Center to provide assistance to its beneficiaries. The 

Center supports vulnerable groups such as orphaned 

children, elderly at-risk of social isolation and individuals 

with special needs. It ensures that the basic material and 

emotional needs of these vulnerable groups are being 

taken care of. About thirty Food Empire employees 

participated in the event to provide assistance by 

donating and distributing essentials such as clothes, 

books and money to support these vulnerable 

individuals.

SUPPORTING LOCAL ATHLETES IN YAKHROMA 

AND DMITROV

The towns of Yakhroma and Dmitrov have a tradition 

of sporting excellence and many outstanding Russian 

athletes grew up in these towns. FES Products LLC 

plays an active role in supporting the development of 

local sporting talents through the provision of financial 

assistance to the Yakhroma state sports and recreation 

complex. 

CHARITY TRIPS TO PAGODAS IN VIETNAM

This year, employees from Food Empire Vietnam 

conducted visits to the Phat Minh Pagoda and Tu An 

Pagoda to distribute books, cash and daily necessities 

to the underprivileged homeless children living at the 

Pagoda. In total, there were 240 beneficiaries to our 

charitable giving. We believe that providing back to the 

community is an important part of our mission in Food 

Empire.







2 5

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019




P L A N E T

In the past decade, the threat of climate change has become a central issue for 

businesses. Climate change can have a deep impact on the way we operate our 

business. Food Empire recognises the role it plays as a global citizen to combat 

climate change and work towards a more sustainable low carbon future.

O U R  E N V I R O N M E N T

WHY ARE ENERGY AND EMISSIONS IMPORTANT TO FOOD EMPIRE? 

[GRI 103-1]

As a manufacturer of food products, Food Empire is particularly 

susceptible to disruptions within its supply chain. Climate 

change is expected to become one of the most dominant forces 

that can result in disruptions to our supply chain. The coffee 

plant is particularly affected by climate change as yields can be 

impacted by the direct increase in temperatures, instability in 

precipitation as well as increases in pests in the regions where 

coffee is grown. Food Empire is fully aware of the detrimental 

effects of climate change and remains committed to improving 

our environmental practices to ensure that our operations do 

not exacerbate the problem. 







In an effort to manage our operations’ carbon footprint, Food Empire implemented various energy 

conservation initiatives at facility-level across our operations. We always strive to align our energy 

and emissions management with the various country-specific energy regulations and policies. 

RUSSIA

In Russia, the “Federal Law on Energy Conservation and Energy Efficiency” outlines the requirement 

to reduce the intensity of electricity, heat, water and gas consumption of companies. In 2018, we 

initiated an “Action Plan to Phase-Out Incandescent Lamps in Russia and to Promote Demand for 

Energy Efficient Light Sources” which was approved by the government. In 2019, we managed to 

complete the replacement of our light sources to more efficient LED bulbs.

In addition to the replacement of our lighting fixtures, we have also purchased new production 

equipment which are significantly more efficient in terms of energy usage. With the modernisation 

of our equipment, we are able to better manage our energy consumption and GHG emissions. 

VIETNAM

Our operation in Vietnam has installed new energy efficient LED lamps and implemented bulk 

capacity production practices. In addition to the infrastructural changes, Vietnam also promotes 

a culture of energy-saving within its employees. This is done by closely monitoring the amount of 

electric consumption monthly and setting specific energy efficiency targets as part of our production’s 

key performance indicators. This has encouraged many new electricity-saving initiatives in both 

production and office staff. 

POLICIES

MANAGEMENT APPROACH 

[GRI 103-2]

2 6

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019




INITIATIVES AND PERFORMANCE 

[GRI 302-1] [302-3] [305-1] [305-2] [305-4]

RUSSIA

Purchased electricity remains a significant portion of our 

energy consumption in the country. In the previous report, 

our Russia operation was unable to separate the consumption 

of electricity into production and non-production related 

activities. This year, we have worked towards rectifying 

this issue through the installation of new meters to capture 

information about electricity used by our production activities. 

However, to enable like-for-like comparison with the previous 

year performance, we will continue reporting aggregated 

electricity consumption in Russia in this report. Next year, 

production and non-production electricity consumption will 

be reported separately.

In 2019, our operations in Russia consumed a total of 2,294 

MWh of energy resulting in 1,418 tonnes of CO2 produced. This 

was a marginal increase of 1% of electrical energy consumed 

compared to 2018, due to the increased in production 

within our factories. However, the electrical energy intensity 

decreased from 0.0812 MWh/Tonnes of product to 0.0781 

MWh/Tonnes of product. This increase in efficiency is the 

result of the introduction of new production equipment that is 

significantly more energy efficient.

In addition to electricity, liquefied petroleum gases (“LPG”) 

and motor gasoline were used to fuel forklifts and company’s 

vehicles. In FY2019, our operations in Russia consumed a total 

of 1,722 Gigajoules (Gj) of direct energy from fuels resulting 

in 129 tonnes of CO2 produced. This was a decrease of 5% 

compared to 2018. 

2,000

140

0.0050

0.0045

0.0040

0.0035

0.0030

0.0025

0.0020

0.0015

0.0010

0.0005

0.0000

120

100

80

60

40

20

0

1,800

1,600

1,400

1,200

1,000

800

600

400

200

0

0

0.00

0

200

400

600

800

1,000

1,200

1,400

1,600

0.0000

0.0100

0.0200

0.0300

0.0400

0.0500

0.0600

0.01

0.02

0.03

0.04

0.05

0.06

0.07

0.08

0.09

500

1,000

1,500

2,000

2,500

0.00

FY2018

FY2019

FY2018

FY2019

FY2018

FY2019

2,254

2,294

0.0812

0.0781

FY2018

FY2019

1,391

1,418

0.0502

0.0483

0.0047

0.0042

129.82

122.61

0.07

1,821

0.06

1,722

0.01

0.02

0.03

0.04

0.05

0.06

0.07

0.08

Energy consumption

Energy intensity

Emissions

Emissions intensity

Energy consumption

Energy intensity

Emissions

Emissions intensity

Direct Energy Consumption (GJ)

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions 

(tonnes CO2)

 Direct Energy Intensity

(GJ/Tonnes of product)

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions Intensity 

(Tonnes CO2/Tonnes of product)

Electrical Energy Consumption (MWh)

Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions 

(tonnes CO2)

Electrical Energy Intensity 

(MWh/Tonnes of product)

Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions Intensity 

(Tonnes CO2/Tonnes of product)

2 7

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019




VIETNAM

Similar to Russia, Vietnam energy consumption includes 

purchased electricity and liquefied petroleum gases (LPG) 

and diesel were also used to fuel forklifts and company’s 

vehicles. The total energy consumption presented signifies 

the usage for both production and non-production activities 

in the facilities.

For electrical energy, our operations in Vietnam consumed 

a total of 1,049 MWh of energy resulting in 816 tonnes of 

CO2 produced. While the total electrical energy consumption 

increased 5% as compared to 2018 due to the increase in 

total production volume, the electrical energy intensity 

decreased from 0.11 MWh/tonnes of product to 0.10 MWh/

tonnes of product. 

The direct energy consumed was 898 GJ resulting in 58.59 

tonnes of CO2 emission. This was a significant decrease of 

43% in direct energy consumed. Our decrease in fuel use 

can be attributed to newly introduced efficiency optimisation 

practices; including optimising routes and time taken to 

transport goods through agreement with our vendors, 

reducing operating time for forklifts with better inventory 

and production planning, and providing training for the 

forklift drivers on more environmentally friendly driving 

practices.

120

0.0012

0.0010

0.0008

0.0006

0.0004

0.0002

0.0000

100

80

60

40

20

0

1,800

1,600

1,400

1,200

1,000

800

600

400

200

0

0

0.00

0

100

200

300

400

500

600

700

800

900

0.0000

0.0200

0.0100

0.0300

0.0400

0.0500

0.0600

0.0700

0.0800

0.0900

0.02

0.04

0.06

0.08

0.10

0.12

200

400

800

600

1,000

1,200

0.00

FY2018

FY2019

FY2018

FY2019

FY2018

FY2019

993

1,049

0.1100

0.1000

FY2018

FY2019

772

816

0.0840

0.0750

0.0011

0.0005

102.02

58.59

0.17

1,578

0.08

898

0.04

0.02

0.06

0.08

0.10

0.12

0.14

0.16

0.18

Energy consumption

Energy intensity

Emissions

Emissions intensity

Energy consumption

Energy intensity

Emissions

Emissions intensity

Direct Energy Consumption (GJ)

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions 

(tonnes CO2)

 Direct Energy Intensity

(GJ/Tonnes of product)

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions Intensity

(Tonnes CO2/Tonnes of product)

Electrical Energy Consumption (MWh)

Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions 

(tonnes CO2)

Electrical Energy Intensity

(MWh/Tonnes of product)

Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions Intensity 

(Tonnes CO2/Tonnes of product)

2 8

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019






A B O U T  O U R  R E P O R T

REPORTING FRAMEWORK 

The report is prepared in compliance with SGX-ST Listing Rule 711A and the primary components 

of Sustainability Reporting as set out in Listing Rule 711B. The Sustainability Reporting Framework 

applied is the Global Reporting Initiatives (“GRI”) Standards: Core option. We have chosen to report 

using the GRI Standards for its universally recognised and standardised approach in disclosing 

material sustainability matters. Reference has also been drawn from the SGX’s Practice Note 7.6 

Sustainability Reporting Guide.

REPORTING PERIOD &amp; SCOPE 

The report covers information on our sustainability performance from 1st January 2019 to 31st 

December 2019 (“FY2019”), with the performance from the prior year (FY2018) included for 

comparison where possible. 

This year, the reporting scope has been expanded to include our key operations in Vietnam in 

addition to our operations in Russia and headquarters in Singapore. The following table summarises 

the subsidiary entities included in this report. 

Country

Entities and Activities

Singapore

Future Enterprises Pte Ltd

Sales and marketing of instant food and beverages

 Russia

FES Products LLC (“FESP”)

Manufacturing and distribution of instant food and beverages

FES Impex LLC

Import/Export and trading activities in Russia

Vietnam

FES (Vietnam) Co., Ltd

Manufacturing and distribution of instant food and beverages

As we gradually mature and progress along our Sustainability Reporting journey, we will periodically 

review and reassess for the inclusion of more of our operations in our future editions. The ultimate 

goal is for us to eventually publish a comprehensive Sustainability Report that covers the full 

spectrum of Food Empire operations. 

INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE

Independent assurance has not been sought for this report. We may consider external assurance as 

our reporting matures over time.

FEEDBACK

Food Empire is fully committed to all our stakeholders. We welcome all feedback, views and 

comments to improve our sustainability practices and reporting process. Please address your views 

and suggestions to corporate@foodempire.com.



















2 9

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


APPENDIX A: ENVIRONMENT DATA REPORTING METHODOLOGY

This 

section 

explains 

the 

boundaries 

and 

calculation 

methodologies used in the computation of Food Empire’s energy 

and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions data.

REPORTING BOUNDARY

Operations in Vietnam and Russia has been included in the 

scope for environmental performance. As the headquarters in 

Singapore is limited to corporate support function, they were 

deemed to be insignificant and are excluded from the reporting 

boundary.

APPROACH

Food Empire adopts the Operational Control Approach, as 

outlined in the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard, to determine 

organisational boundaries. This attributes accountability for the 

GHG emissions from operations over which the organisation has 

control. 

ENERGY CONSUMPTION

Energy consumption within Food Empire includes both fuel 

(including LPG, Diesel and Gasoline) and use of electricity from 

the grid. 

For fuel use, energy consumption is expressed in Gigajoules 

(GJ). Energy use is calculated using the Net Calorific Value as 

prescribed by IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas 

Inventory (2006).

a. Diesel – 43 Terajoules/Gigagrams

b. Motor Gasoline – 44.3 Terajoules/Gigagrams

c. Liquid Petroleum Gas – 47.3 Terajoules/Gigagrams

For purchased electrical energy use, energy consumption is 

expressed in Megawatt hours (MWh) and values are obtained 

directly from invoices.

Intensity metrics are expressed as Gigajoules per tonnes of 

product and Megawatts per tonnes of product.

GHG EMISSIONS

Scope 1 emissions are calculated from the direct consumption 

of LPG and diesel in Vietnam, and consumption of gasoline and 

diesel in Russia, expressed in tonnes of CO2. 

Scope 1 emissions were calculated using the CO2 emission factors 

as prescribed by IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas 

Inventory (2006).

a. Diesel – 74.1 Tonnes of CO2/ Terajoules

b. Motor Gasoline – 69.3 Tonnes of CO2/ Terajoules

c. Liquid Petroleum Gas – 63.1 Tonnes of CO2/ Terajoules

Scope 2 emissions are calculated from the consumption of grid 

electricity in Vietnam and Russia, expressed in tonnes of CO2. 

Scope 2 emissions were calculated using the grid emissions 

factors as prescribed by the Institute of Global Environmental 

Strategies (“IGES”) 2019; for Vietnam (0.777kg CO2/kWh) and 

Russia (0.618kg CO2/kWh)

Intensity metrics are expressed as tonnes of CO2 per tonnes of 

product.

APPENDIX B: GRI CONTENT INDEX

GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference(s)

Reasons for Omission

Page

General Disclosures

Organisational Profile

102-1

Name of the organisation

Board Statement

-

1

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

About Food Empire; About Our 

Report

-

2-4, 31

102-3

Location of headquarters

About Food Empire; About Our 

Report

-

2-4, 31

102-4

Location of operations

About Food Empire; About Our 

Report

-

2-4, 31

102-5

Ownership and legal form

-

Annual Report 2019

-

102-6

Markets served

About Our Business

-

2-4

102-7

Scale of the organisation

About Our Report

-

2-4

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Our Employment Practices

-

15

102-9

Supply chain

Economic Resilience

-

7 – 8

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and 

its supply chain

-

Annual Report 2019

-

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

Our Business Ethics

-

12

102-12

External initiatives

Our Community

-

25 – 26

102-13

Membership of associations

-

Not applicable

-

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Board Statement

-

1

3 0

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference(s)

Reasons for Omission

Page

Material Topic: Anti-corruption

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

Our Business Ethics

-

12 – 13

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Our Business Ethics

-

12 – 13

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Our Business Ethics

-

12 – 13

Anti-corruption

205-2

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures

Our Business Ethics

-

12 – 13

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and 

actions taken

Our Business Ethics

-

12 – 13

Material Topic: Energy consumption and GHG emissions

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

Our Environment

-

27

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Our Environment

-

27

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Our Environment

-

27

GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference(s)

Reasons for Omission

Page

Ethic and Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour

Our Business Ethics

-

12

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about 

ethics

Our Business Ethics

-

12

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

Sustainability Governance

-

11

102-23

Chair of the highest governance body

Sustainability Governance

-

11

102-25

Conflicts of interest

-

Annual Report 2019

102-29

Identifying and managing economic, 

environmental, and social impacts

Sustainability Governance

-

11

102-32

Highest governance body’s role in 

sustainability reporting

Sustainability Governance

-

11

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Key Stakeholders

-

9

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

-

Not Applicable

9

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Key Stakeholders

-

9

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Key Stakeholders

-

9

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Key Stakeholders

-

9

Reporting Practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

-

Annual Report 2019

-

102-46

Defining report content and topic Boundaries

About Our Report

-

30

102-47

List of material topics

Materiality Assessment

-

10

102-48

Restatement of information

There has been a restatement in safety statistics in Vietnam for 2018 

due to the change in estimated number of working hours.  

102-49

Changes in reporting

-

Not Applicable

-

102-50

Reporting period

-

1st January 2019 –  

31st December 2019

-

102-51

Date of most recent report

-

July 2019

-

102-52

Reporting cycle

-

Annual

-

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report

Feedback

-

30

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards

About Our Report

-

30

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index

-

33 - 35

102-56

External assurance

About Our Report

Food Empire has not conducted 

external assurance 

31

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019




GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference(s)

Reasons for Omission

Page

Energy

302-1

Energy consumption within the organisation

Our Environment; Annex A: 

Environment Data Reporting 

Methodology

-

28 – 29; 

31 – 32

302-3

Energy intensity

Our Environment; Annex A: 

Environment Data Reporting 

Methodology

-

28 – 29; 

31 – 32

Emissions

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Our Environment; Annex A: 

Environment Data Reporting 

Methodology

-

28 – 29; 

31 – 32

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

Our Environment; Annex A: 

Environment Data Reporting 

Methodology

-

28 – 29; 

31 – 32

305-4

GHG emissions intensity

Our Environment; Annex A: 

Environment Data Reporting 

Methodology

-

28 – 29; 

31 – 32

Material Topic: Consumer health and safety

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

Consumer Health and Safety

-

22 - 24

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Consumer Health and Safety

-

22 - 24

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Consumer Health and Safety

-

22 - 24

Customer Health and Safety

416-1

Assessment of the health and safety impacts 

of product and service categories

Consumer Health and Safety

-

23 – 24

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the 

health and safety impacts of products and 

services

Consumer Health and Safety

-

23 – 24

Marketing and Labelling

417-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

product and service information and labelling

Consumer Health and Safety

-

23 – 24

Material Topic: Occupational health and safety

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

Occupation Health and Safety

-

19 – 21

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Occupation Health and Safety

-

19 – 21

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Occupation Health and Safety

-

19 - 21

Occupational Health and Safety

403-1

Occupation health and safety management 

system

Our Workforce Health and 

Safety

-

19 - 21

403-2

Hazard identification, risk assessment and 

incident investigation

Our Workforce Health and 

Safety

19 - 21

403-9

Work-related injuries

Our Workforce Health and 

Safety

20

Material Topic: Employment Practices

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

Our Employment Practices

-

14 - 18

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Our Employment Practices

-

14 - 18

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Our Employment Practices

-

14 - 18

Employment

401-1

New employee hires and turnover

Our Employment Practices

-

15 – 17

103-2

Benefits provided to full-time employees that 

are not provided to temporary or part-time 

employee

Our Employment Practices

-

17

3 2

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019





B E Y O N D

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED

31 Harrison Road, #08-01, Food Empire Building, Singapore 369649

T (65) 6622 6900   F (65) 6744 8977

www.foodempire.com

