






Holdings Limited

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

ASPIRE. INSPIRE. EMPIRE.

INSTANT  

BEVERAGES

FROZEN  

FINGER FOOD

CONFECTIONERY

COFFEE  

CAPSULES

 

SNACK FOOD

PRIVATE LABEL 

MANUFACTURING


BOARD STATEMENT 

3 

INTRODUCTION 

4 

Aspire. Inspire. Empire.    

4 

About our Report 

5 

About Food Empire 

6 

 

Our purpose 

6 

 

Our presence 

6 

 

Our passion 

6 

Economic Resilience 

8 

 

Innovate 

9 

 

Diversify 

9 

 

Integrate 

10 

STAKEHOLDERS AND MATERIALITY 

11 

Our key stakeholders 

11 

Materiality assessment 

12 

PRINCIPLES TO SUSTAIN OUR EMPIRE 

14 

Our leadership to drive sustainability 

14 

Our stance against corruption 

15 

INSPIRE PEOPLE THROUGH OUR PASSION 

16 

Our sustainable workforce 

16 

Our shared heritage with our communities 

17 

Our consumers health and safety in our hands 

19 

ASPIRE TO PROSPER WITH OUR PLANET 

21 

Our one and only planet 

21 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

23

CONTENTS

2

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED &gt; SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017


The Board is pleased to present the Sustainability Report of Food Empire Holding Limited (“Food Empire” or “the Group”) for the financial 

year ended 31 December 2017, in accordance to SGX-ST Listing Rule 711A and the primary components of Sustainability Reporting as 

set out in Listing Rule 711B. 

The Sustainability Report is an annual publication that seeks to establish Food Empire’s commitment towards sustainability and its 

stakeholders. It is a review of Food Empire’s businesses in the context of its material environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) 

impacts, alongside a phased disclosure of its performance with insights into the opportunities and challenges that lay ahead for Food 

Empire. 

The Board has the ultimate responsibility for the strategic direction and sustainable success of Food Empire. The Board works closely 

with Management and is responsible for:

• Integrating and driving sustainability within Food Empire, setting the tone from the top

• Determining and validating Food Empire’s material sustainability matters, risks and opportunities

• Overseeing the management of Food Empire’s sustainability impacts on stakeholders

• Approving Food Empire’s sustainability strategies, commitments and targets

• Monitoring Food Empire’s sustainability performance and progress

BOARD STATEMENT [GRI 102-14] 

3

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED &gt; SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017


Aspire. Inspire. Empire. 

This is the theme for Food Empire’s inaugural Sustainability Report. At Food Empire, we believe that Sustainability brings 

the world together. It is a shift in thinking and a call to action for organizations like us to aspire to do more so that we can 

inspire others to do the same. Sustainability allows us to view our business through the lens of our environmental, social 

and governance (“ESG”) impacts – enabling us to make a difference with our principles, to people and planet. It is a renewal 

of our conviction to operate sustainably and safeguard a future not just for Food Empire, but for all generations to come. 

[GRI 102-1] [102-5]

INTRODUCTION

M

A

KI

N

G 

A 

D

IF

F

E

R

E

N

C

E

Ou

r 

St

ak

eh

ol

de

rs

We care about our planet 

and our shared responsibility 

to safeguard a future for all 

generations to come.

We care about principles 

– ethics, integrity and 

accountability in  

everything we do.

We care about people –

those whom we affect and

those who affect us.

ASPIRE

INSPIRE

EMPIRE

Food Empire’s

Sustainability

Focus

Purpose

Passion

Prosper

PRINCIPLES

PEOPLE

PLANET

4

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED &gt; SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017


REPORTING FRAMEWORK 

Food Empire’s annual Sustainability Report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: Core 

option and utilizes the GRI Reporting Principles for Defining Report Content and Quality. The GRI Standards was selected as it represents 

the global best practice for Sustainability Reporting, covering a wide range of ESG topics. [GRI 102-52] [102-54] 

Reference has also drawn from the relevant sections of the Sustainability Reporting Guide - SGX Practice Note 7.6. 

REPORTING PERIOD &amp; SCOPE 

Unless otherwise explained, the reporting period covered in our Sustainability Report is from 1st January 2017 to 31st December 2017 

(“FY2017”). Where available, data and information from prior periods has also been included for comparison. [GRI 102-50] 

This year, our Report covers our significant operations in Russia and our headquarters in Singapore. The following table summarizes the 

subsidiary entities included in our scope for reporting. [GRI 102-3]

Entities

Country

Principal activities

Future Enterprises Pte Ltd

Singapore

Sales and marketing of instant food and beverages

FES Products LLC (“FESP”)

Russia

Manufacturing and distribution of instant food and beverages

FES Impex LLC

Russia

Import/Export and trading activities in Russia

As we gradually mature and progress along our Sustainability Reporting journey, we will periodically review and reassess for inclusion of 

more of our operations in our future editions. The ultimate goal is for us to eventually publish a comprehensive Sustainability Report that 

covers the full spectrum of Food Empire operations. 

FEEDBACK 

Food Empire is fully committed to all our stakeholders. We welcome all feedback, views and comments to improve our sustainability 

practices and reporting process. Please address your views and suggestions to corporate@foodempire.com. [GRI 102-53]

ABOUT OUR REPORT

5

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED &gt; SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017


ABOUT FOOD EMPIRE

Our purpose

Our mission is to be a leading global food and beverage company providing quality products and services. We will achieve this goal as we 

have the people, the passion and the enterprising spirit to make a difference.

Our presence

Food Empire has been listed on the SGX Mainboard since April 2000. We are a global branding and manufacturing company serving the 

food and beverage sector. Globally, we have 24 representative and liaison offices serving consumers in over 50 countries.  

Our primary markets are Russia, Ukraine, Kazakhstan and other members of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), Indochina 

and more. Collectively, Food Empire operates eight production facilities - one in Russia, Ukraine, India, Vietnam, Myanmar and three in 

Malaysia). [GRI 102-4] [102-6]

Our passion 

Our passion lies in people. People is the reason why we exist and the reason why we will continue to do so. 

Our growing portfolio of trusted brands reflects our passion and commitment to consistently delight our consumers and create value for 

all stakeholders. 

We have over 17 brands covering a wide range of products, from beverages to frozen food and snacks. We specialize in a wide variety of 

instant beverages such as instant coffee, chocolate and tea products. We also produce an assortment of snacks and easy-to-prepare frozen 

foods. In addition to consumer retail products, we also sell raw ingredients such as non-dairy creamers to other food manufacturers.  

[GRI 102-2]



6

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED &gt; SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017




CATEGORIES









BRANDS 

Bolt

Café PhO

CaféRite

FesAroma

Hillway

Hyson

Klassno

BRANDS

Orienbites

Food Empire  

Food Services

BRAND

Tazzanera

BRAND

Build your own brand 

of high-quality  

potato chips

BRAND

Kracks

INSTANT BEVERAGES

COFFEE CAPSULES

SNACK FOOD

FROZEN FINGER FOOD

PRIVATE LABEL  

MANUFACTURING

INSTANT  

BEVERAGES

SNACK  

FOOD

FROZEN  

FINGER FOOD

COFFEE  

CAPSULES

PRIVATE LABEL 

MANUFACTURING

MacTea

MacCereal

MacChocolate

MacCoffee

MacFito

NutriRite

Petrovskaya Sloboda















































































































































































































ABOUT FOOD EMPIRE

7

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED &gt; SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017


ECONOMIC RESILIENCE 

  

 

Strategic

Thrusts to

Economic

Resilience

Innovate

Diversify

Integrate

Our strategy to diversify our markets, integrate our supply chain, strengthen our brands and 

innovate new products that resonate with changing consumer tastes has delivered positive 

results leading to stronger growth, greater value creation and stable returns to stakeholders.

Economic resilience is paramount to the sustained success of Food Empire. Over the past few years, we have worked relentlessly to 

overcome challenges in our operating environment. Our strategic response during this period focused on diversifying our key markets and 

driving upstream expansion along the value chain, allowed us to achieve revenue growth for two consecutive years since 2015. In FY2017, 

we have seen 11.2% growth in revenue year-on-year to US$269.5 million.1 

1  For more details on the financial performance, please refer to Food Empire Holdings Limited’s Annual Report 2017, available at  http://foodempire.listedcompany.com/ar.html 

8

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED &gt; SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017


1994

1995

1996

1997

1998

1999

2000

2001

2002

2003

2004

2005

2006

2007

2008

2009

2010

2011

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

INNOVATE 

Innovation is one of our strategic thrusts to strengthen our 

economic resilience - it is the force that enables Food Empire to 

develop new, viable offerings for our consumers. Today, against 

a backdrop of rapid fiscal, demographic and societal changes, 

innovation is quintessential in enabling us to remain nimble and 

stay ahead of our competition. We embrace and encourage new 

ideas, and harness our resources to propel the activation of our 

brands across our markets.

DIVERSIFY 

Throughout its history, the Group has encountered a few economic 

downturns along the way. The most recent and arguably biggest 

crisis is the major devaluation of currencies in our core markets; 

Russia, Ukraine and Kazakhstan in 2014. The Group incurred 

significant forex losses as we sell our products in local currencies. 

Despite the difficulties, we preserved and maintained our position 

as market leader and the favourite choice of consumers. The 

experience however taught us the importance of diversifying 

geographically and we have been venturing outside our traditional 

markets into Asia in recent years.

ECONOMIC RESILIENCE 

OUR BRANDS

OUR PRESENCE

Myanmar

Kazakhstan

Africa

Middle East

China, South Asia

Mongolia

Sri Lanka

Philippines

India

Malaysia

Ukraine, Eastern 

Europe &amp; other 

CIS Countries

Russia

Vietnam

Western Europe





















9

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED &gt; SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017




In demonstrating our ability to consistently deliver product excellence that meets our stakeholders’ expectations, we have in place a 

rigorous supplier assessment process for all potential suppliers as part of our ISO 9001 Quality Management System. Potential suppliers 

are assessed on several criteria (e.g. Quality Systems, Inspection &amp; Test Procedures, Purchasing Systems, Controls of Non-Conformance 

and Handling/Storage/Despatch of Goods etc.). [GRI 102-9]

INTEGRATE

Over the years, we have embarked on the vertical integration of our supply chain. Food Empire has built manufacturing facilities for 

instant coffee and non-dairy creamer in India and Malaysia, respectively. The company also set up a snack manufacturing unit to produce 

stacked chips in Malaysia. The integration enables greater control of the production and distribution of our products, allowing for cost 

optimization, while maintaining productivity and consistency in product quality .

CASE STUDY 

BREWING SUCCESS WITH CAFÉ PHỐ 

Food Empire encountered many challenges breaking into 

the Vietnamese market – a place with a rich coffee-drinking 

culture where consumers primarily prefer drip coffee with 

condensed milk – until we managed to find a niche in iced 

coffee instant mix. The new product offered consumers 

the convenience without compromising on the taste of  

iced coffee. 

 

Vietnam accounts for the bulk of Food Empire's Indochina 

sales. Introduction of Maccoffee Café Phố resulted from a 

careful study and an evaluation of  the product gap in the 

market combined with precise product positioning  and 

product packaging communication. In the instant beverage 

sales category, Café Phố boosted our Indochina's annual 

sales from USD 10.5 million to USD 37.9 million within  

Vertical Integration of Food Empire’s Supply Chain



Retailing

Wholesailing

Manufacturing

Processing

Sourcing

ECONOMIC RESILIENCE 

3 years of launch. Today, Café Phố is ranked amongst the leading coffee players in the 3in1 segment.  The case illustrated how an exact 

product was created to satisfy the consumers’ desired taste profile and consumption pattern. Another important success factor was 

having the right team to ensure success.

10

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED &gt; SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017


Key 

Stakeholder

Groups

Key Engagement Modes and Frequency

Key Interests

Our Goal for the  

Stakeholder Group

Shareholders

• Annual report and sustainability report

Annual

•  Financial and operational 

performance of Food Empire

•  Good corporate governance 

of Food Empire

•  Sustainability of Food 

Empire

•  Transparency

Our goal is to create long-

term sustainable value for 

our shareholders. We seek to 

deliver an atmosphere of trust 

by means of transparent and 

timely communication and 

provide relevant and reliable 

information.

• Annual shareholder meeting

Annual

• Announcements and circulars

Regular

•  Investor relations channel

Active

•  Investor presentations, road shows, dialogue 

sessions

Regular

•  Quarterly reports

Quarterly

Employees 

and Workers

•  Annual report and sustainability report

Annual

•  Engagement in Food 

Empire’s business

•  Equal opportunities and  

non-discrimination

•  Health, safety and well being

•  Job satisfaction

•  Remuneration

•  Training and development 

opportunities

Our goal is to connect and 

strengthen relationships with 

our people through building 

working environments 

that foster communication 

and participation. We seek 

to enhance their growth, 

development and align their 

vision and values with that of 

Food Empire.

•  Company events and activities

Regular

•  Control self-assessment for Senior 

Management

Regular

•  Human resource channel

Active

•  Staff appraisal

Regular

•  Surveys and interviews

Ad hoc

•  Training and development programs

Regular

•  Volunteer and community activities

Ad hoc

Consumers

•  Annual report and sustainability report

Annual

•  Business ethics and 

sustainable practices

•  Food safety and hygiene

•  Innovation

•  Product quality and 

nutritional value

•  Responsible marketing and 

labelling

Our goal is to sustain brand 

loyalty and trust of our 

consumers through a unique 

brand experience to meet their 

well-being and enjoyment. We 

seek to innovate and strive for 

the highest quality standards in 

our products.

•  Consumer enquiries channel

Active

•  Marketing and labelling of products

Active

•  Mass media and social media

Regular

•  Point of sale

Active

•  Surveys and market research

Ad hoc

Suppliers 

and business 

partners

• Annual report and sustainability report

Annual

•  Business ethics and 

sustainable practices

•  Long-term business 

relationship with Food 

Empire

•  Financial and operational 

performance of Food Empire

•  Sustainability of Food 

Empire

Our goal is to achieve 

sustainable, long- lasting 

business relationships with our 

suppliers and partners across 

our value chain. We seek for 

close collaboration and mutual 

development.

•  Direct communication, meetings and 

discussions

Regular

•  Evaluation and monitoring

Ad hoc

•  Joint initiatives and programmes

Ad hoc

•  Site visits and audits/checks

Ad hoc

•  Surveys

Ad hoc

Communities

Annual report and sustainability report

Annual

•  Contributions to economic 

and social development

•  Environmental impact of 

operations

•  Local employment

Our goal is to contribute to 

the economic, environmental 

and social development of the 

communities we operate in. 

We support the development 

of communities through 

philanthropy and volunteerism.

Corporate social responsibility initiatives

Ad hoc

Sponsorship and philanthropy

Ad hoc

Government 

and 

Regulators

•  Annual report and sustainability report

Annual

•  Compliance to applicable 

laws and regulations

•  Contributions to economic 

and social development

•  Environmental impact of 

operations

Our goal is to support 

governments and regulators 

and contribute to societal 

and global progress. We seek 

to be fully compliant with all 

applicable environmental 

and socio economic laws and 

regulations.

•  Industry sector participation channels

Ad hoc

•  Participation in conferences, meetings and 

discussions

Ad hoc

•  Site visits and audits/checks

Ad hoc

Financiers

•  Annual report and sustainability report

Annual

•  Financial and operational 

performance of Food Empire

•  Good corporate governance 

of Food Empire

•  Sustainability of Food 

Empire

•  Timely repayment of loan 

principal and interest

Our goal is to exercise a high 

level of financial discipline 

and demonstrate strong 

competence in managing the 

performances of our business. 

We seek to cultivate and sustain 

relationships with our lenders 

to ascertain the financial 

flexibility for our growth 

opportunities.

•  Direct communication, meetings and 

discussions

Annual

•  Announcements and circulars

Regular

STAKEHOLDERS AND MATERIALITY

OUR KEY STAKEHOLDERS

Food Empire works with a diverse range of stakeholders across our value chain. In this report, we have identified the key stakeholder 

groups who are instrumental to the success of Food Empire. We engage our stakeholders through open and transparent channels of 

communications, consider their interests and respond in a timely manner to their concerns. [GRI 102-40] [102-42] [102-43] [102-44]

11

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED &gt; SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017


STAKEHOLDERS AND MATERIALITY

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

Food Empire defines material sustainability matters as topics that encompass our significant ESG impacts and substantially influences 

the decision-making process of our stakeholders. We have in place a formal materiality assessment process to identify and prioritize ESG 

matters. We work extensively with an independent organization to facilitate this process, which is summarized in the diagram below.  

[GRI 102-46] [102-47]

PRINCIPLES

Food Empire’s materiality assessment is primarily guided by the Reporting Principles of  

Sustainability Context, Completeness, Stakeholder Inclusiveness and Materiality, as set out in the GRI framework.

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT PROCESS

Identification

Prioritization

Validation

Review

i

ii

iii

iv

v

A comprehensive list 

of potential material 

sustainability matters 

is identified, taking into 

account insights drawn 

from:

• Our periodic 

engagements with various 

stakeholders

• Internal factors (business 

strategy, operations, 

risk management, value 

drivers, etc.)

• External factors (sectorial, 

geographical, societal and 

environmental aspects, 

etc.)

Rigorous cross- functional 

interviews and focus group 

discussions were conducted 

with members from Senior 

and Middle Management 

to refine the initial list 

of potential material 

sustainability matters.

A materiality assessment 

workshop was conducted 

with members from Senior 

and Middle Management.

Prioritization of 

sustainability-related 

matters was carried out 

through an unbiased, 

anonymous electronic 

voting exercise on Food 

Empire’s potential material 

sustainability matters.

The results are plotted 

below as a materiality 

matrix that displays each 

matter’s position relative 

to the degree of impact as 

determined by both internal 

and external stakeholders.

As this is Food Empire’s 

inaugural Sustainability 

Report, a phased approach 

has been adopted. The three 

highest ranked material 

sustainability matters were 

selected for disclosure.

The results were then 

presented to the Board, 

which has the overall 

responsibility in determining 

the material sustainability 

matters of Food Empire. 

The Board validated and 

approved the material 

sustainability matters.

In the subsequent reporting 

periods, these material 

sustainability matters will be 

reviewed and reassessed for 

their continuing relevance in 

the sustainability context.

Based on the results of the 

materiality review, Food 

Empire expects to include 

additional sustainability 

matters for reporting in the 

years ahead.

12

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED &gt; SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017


STAKEHOLDERS AND MATERIALITY

MATERIAL SUSTAINABILITY MATTERS

MAPPING OF MATERIAL SUSTAINABILITY MATTERS TO GRI STANDARDS TOPICS

No.

Sustainability Matters

Relevant GRI Standards Topics

1

E

Energy Consumption and Greenhouse Gas (GHG) 

Emissions

GRI 302: Energy

GRI 305: Emissions

2

S

Consumer Health and Safety

GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 

GRI 417: Marketing and Labeling

3

G

Anti-corruption

GRI 102: Ethics and Integrity 

GRI 205: Anti-Corruption

Impact on external stakeholders

High

Low

High



 

1 

2 

3 

 

 

Impact on internal stakeholders

Not Material

Material 

Sustainability 

Matters

13

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED &gt; SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017


PRINCIPLES TO SUSTAIN OUR EMPIRE

Our leadership to drive sustainability 

Corporate governance is the bedrock for all organizations. It is a system built around relationships – relationships  between 

our management, our Board and all the stakeholders that we are accountable to. We believe that good  governance is 

essential for the sustained progress and prosperity of Food Empire and the communities we  operate in. More importantly, 

it is what inspires and drives sustainability within all levels of our organization. 

Our governance structure enables good decisions to be made by the right people, with clearly defined roles and responsibilities across all 

levels. We are currently in the midst of refining our sustainability governance structure. When ready, it will be disclosed in our subsequent 

publications. Currently, in managing and monitoring our key sustainability impacts, risks and opportunities, the respective roles and 

responsibilities mirror that of the individuals according to our governance structure. [GRI 102-18] 

ROLE OF THE BOARD 

The Board of Directors (“the Board”) is collectively responsible for the long term success of Food Empire. The Board provides Food Empire’s 

strategic direction and considers sustainability matters as part of its strategic formulation. Setting the tone from the top, the Board holds 

the ultimate responsibility for Food Empire’s sustainability reporting and the integration of sustainability within Food Empire. The Board 

validates Food Empire’s material sustainability matters and oversees the monitoring and management of the material sustainability 

matters and their respective policies, performance and targets. [GRI 102-29] [102-32] 

ROLE OF MANAGEMENT 

Management works closely with the Board and advises on the strategies set in the area of sustainability. It recommends and seeks 

approval from the Board on the prioritized sustainability matters and the sustainability-related policies, practices and targets for 

adoption. Management monitors and manages all sustainability matters, with a focus on matters material to Food Empire. It oversees the 

preparation of data and information for sustainability reporting.

Board of Directors

Chief Operating 

Officer

Group Chief 

Financial Officer

Intellectual 

Property Trade 

Mark &amp; Design

Group Executive 

Chairman

Group Chief 

Executive Officer

International 

Sales &amp; Marketing

Supply  

Chain

Group  

Deputy CFO

Eastern Europe &amp; 

CIS - 

Russia, Ukraine, 

Kazakhstan,

Uzbekistan

Europe - Belgium, 

Italy

Middle East - Iran, 

Iraq, Jordan, 

Palestine, UAE, 

Bahrain, Saudi Arabia

Australasia - 

Australia

Africa - Nigeria, 

Kenya, Ethiopia

Asia - China, 

Indonesia, Japan, 

Bangladesh, Nepal, 

Korea, Malaysia, 

Philippines, 

Mongolia, India

Indochina - 

Vietnam, Myanmar

Human 

Resources &amp; 

Administration

Quality 

Assurance

Product 

Development

Information 

Technology

Legal

Accounts &amp; 

Finance 

Chairman Office  

Secretary

Personal Assistant  

Marketing Communications

14

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED &gt; SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017


Our stance against corruption 

We work tirelessly to ensure that we uphold our ethical principles, comply with all applicable laws and regulations,  and 

honour our commitment towards our stakeholders. Combating corruption can be a challenge in the markets  we operate in. 

To that end, we adopt a strict, zero-tolerance stance and a proactive approach towards the  prevention of corruption. 

WHY IS ANTI-CORRUPTION IMPORTANT? 

Corruption may occur under the guise of many forms – bribery, fraud, extortion, collusion, embezzlement or abuse of power etc. – but the 

end result is broadly linked to negative impacts that affect stakeholders most. These impacts not only affect within the organization but 

in the communities and economies that we operate in as well. This is especially felt most by our stakeholders in transition economies who 

are at risk of socioeconomic and environmental damage. Therein, we are expected by society and our stakeholders to demonstrate our 

commitment towards anti-corruption and operate as a responsible corporate citizen. [GRI 103-1] 

HOW DO WE MANAGE THIS MATERIAL MATTER? 

Food Empire sets high expectations of our people through our Business Ethics and Code of Conduct, which is communicated to all our 

employees and directors. Wherever we are located, we are committed to conducting business on the basis of morality and uphold the 

highest ethical standards in the way we interact with our stakeholders. All employees and directors are expected to faithfully adhere to 

all ethical and legal standards and to preserve our organization’s integrity and reputation. Failure to do so may render them liable for 

disciplinary proceedings, including dismissal, termination of service and/or civil action, where deemed appropriate. The following table 

summarizes the policies and procedures set out in our Business Ethics and Code of Conduct. [GRI 103-2] [205-2]

POLICIES AND

PROCEDURES

SUMMARY

Legal compliance

• Employees and directors are expected to comply with the local laws and regulations (e.g. Anti-Corruption, 

Labour, Immigration Act etc.) in all the countries we operate in.

Product quality and 

safety

• Products must meet all applicable food safety and hygiene standards required by law in the countries we 

manufacture and supply to.

Gifts, loans and 

entertainment

• Employees and directors should not, directly or indirectly, accept gifts of cash, favors or anything of value 

which could impair, or appear to impair their ability to perform their duties or exercise their judgment in 

a fair and unbiased manner.

Interest in other business 

and organizations

• Employees and directors should not, directly or indirectly, engage in any work or business other than 

those in connection with their duties. This includes not having any deemed interest in any transaction, 

competitor or supplier which could influence objectivity and create a conflict of interest.

Indirect interests and 

relationships

• Employees and directors should not be in a position to make or influence any decision made pertaining 

to any transaction or business endeavour which might involve their relatives.

Confidentiality and

use of company 

information

• Employees and directors should not use for personal benefit or disclose any company information and 

data to any other person or entity, even after termination of employment.

Diversion of corporate

opportunities

• Employees and directors should not appropriate or divert any business or financial opportunity to any 

other person or entity.

Safeguarding company 

property

• Employees and directors should utilize the company’s resources and assets in a most efficient manner, 

to increase competitiveness and provide the best possible service to customers.

Code of Conduct

• Employees and directors are expected to follow the Code of Conduct, which covers:

a. High Standard of Honesty and Integrity

b. Loyalty to Company

c. Conflict of Interest

d. Cost Effectiveness

WHAT ARE OUR GOALS AND PERFORMANCE? 

Food Empire is committed towards the perpetual targets of 0 confirmed incidents of non-compliance with all applicable laws and 

regulations and 0 confirmed incidents of corruption. [GRI 103-2] 

During the year, there were 0 confirmed incidents of corruption (2016: 0). [GRI 205-3]

PRINCIPLES TO SUSTAIN OUR EMPIRE

15

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED &gt; SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017


Our sustainable workforce

To do great things, we have to first begin with those that matter most to us – our people. Our success in the market would not 

be possible without the commitment and effort of every single individual in our organization. It is our conviction that value 

created for our employees ultimately transcends to value created for all stakeholders they interact with. Over the years, we 

are changing and improving our human resource practices to reflect the ideals paramount for our sustainable workforce.

At Food Empire, we embrace differences and diversity among all our people. We hire individuals based on merit and skill, regardless of 

race, ethnicity, religion, gender and age, etc. We believe that inclusivity promotes better team collaboration, motivation and performance. 

This ultimately improves employee satisfaction and retention, allowing us to sustain our success in the market.

PROFILE OF OUR WORKFORCE2

In Singapore and Russia, we have a total of 719 employees in 2017 (2016: 721). The bulk of our employed workforce are mainly permanent, 

full-time employees. Gender diversity remained stable during the year, with females representing 50% of our workforce (2016: 50%).  

[GRI 102-8]

2 

 For the purposes of this inaugural Sustainability Report, our workforce is scoped to only include our employees, for our operations in Russia and our headquarters in Singapore.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Distribution by Region &amp; Gender in 2017 (%)

Singapore

Russia

Overall

40%

60%

51%

50%

50%

50%

49%

50%

Distribution by Employment Contract &amp; Gender in 2017 (%)

Permanent

Temporary

Full-time

Part-time

Overall

Overall

100%

50%

50%

Distribution by Employment Type &amp; Gender in 2017 (%)

50%

50%

  Male 

  Female

19

28

343

329

362

357

  Male 

  Female

361

357

1

0

362

357

  Male 

  Female

360

356

2

1

362

357

50%

50%

INSPIRE PEOPLE THROUGH OUR PASSION

33%

67%

16

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED &gt; SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017


INSPIRE PEOPLE THROUGH OUR PASSION

Our shared heritage with our communities 

We aspire to be the change we want to see in our communities. Communities are at the heart of the things we do. We aspire 

to contribute greatly to the growth of our local communities and are dedicated to ensuring that our global operations weave 

prosperity into the socioeconomic fabric. We believe that for us to prosper in the long term, the communities we serve have 

to prosper too. This resonates with our mission to make a difference. 

Some of our community outreach programs for the year include:

CSR ACTIVITIES

Upgrade a House, 

Bring a Smile

Food Empire embarked on a new project, Upgrade a House, Bring a 

Smile, to help improve the living environment of the elderly staying 

in 1-bedroom rental units through a series of refurbishment works 

including painting, cleaning, bedbug fumigation and de-cluttering. 

The team is deeply grateful for the kind donations received for this 

initiative. The outpour of support will surely inspire us to do more 

for the betterment of living conditions for the less fortunate.

Celebrating with 

the Community

Compassion and empathy thrive within Food Empire. Several 

of our personnel celebrated National Day by reaching out to the 

elderly residents of All Saints Home in Hougang. In addition to 

our volunteers’ time and effort, Food Empire made the occasion 

extra special by sponsoring product giveaways. Indeed, it was 

a meaningful way to celebrate national pride and sense of 

community.

Organized by the Bedok Reservoir Punggol CCC to foster ties and 

promote unity, the National Day Dinner 2017 brought members of 

the community to share a good cheer and good food. Food Empire 

was honoured to sponsor this annual event.

Food Empire  

Cares at Chai Chee

Food Empire touched hearts in Chai Chee as it sponsored the 

Project Sunshine Charity Dinner for the Chai Chee Needy Recipients, 

a buffet dinner for the estate’s elderly residents. The residents 

were also delighted to receive grocery shopping vouchers during 

the event.









17

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED &gt; SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017


CSR ACTIVITIES

Caring for  

families in need

Food Empire volunteers to care for several low-income families and 

those with disabled children. Every month, we provide monetary 

donations and our products to meet their daily needs. 

Supporting 

talented and 

outstanding 

children in 

Dmitrov

Food Empire actively supports the project of Dmitrov Chamber 

of Commerce and Industry to identify talented and outstanding 

children in various areas such as science, language, sports, etc. We 

value the education of youths who will eventually be the generation 

to lead the country forward.

Construction of 

the children's 

playground

A children’s playground was built on the territory of Dmitrov city’s 

hospital to liven the space where children and their families can 

interact and have fun. We strive to improve facilities and create 

conducive spaces to bring families together. 

Supporting sports 

development 

in Dmitrov and 

Yakhroma

Food Empire supports the development of sports in Dmitrov and 

Yakhroma with monetary support and the construction of facilities 

such as the swimming pool «KASHALOT» and the hockey club 

«Dmitrov». Children and families can enjoy these sports facilities 

for free, and have the opportunity to partake in a wide range of 

sporting activities. 









INSPIRE PEOPLE THROUGH OUR PASSION









18

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED &gt; SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017


Our consumers health and safety in our hands

 

Trust matters greatly and it is what keeps us going. Trust is what allows our consumers to make that decision to  enjoy 

our food and beverages with confidence. Quality is the finest ingredient for trust. To that end, quality and  food safety 

considerations begin with each recipe we create. We set high standards for ourselves to assess and  control risks that could 

impact the quality of our products throughout our supply chain - from raw materials to  packaging to placing the finished 

products in our consumers’ hands. Because their health and safety are in ours. 

WHY IS CONSUMER HEALTH AND SAFETY IMPORTANT? 

The food and beverage industry continues to evolve and undergo transformational change brought about by a new generation of 

consumers and increasing governmental regulations. Part of our strategy to maintain relevant in this competitive landscape compels 

us to draw upon the scientific, operational and consumer dimensions of food safety to identify and mitigate these sustainability risks. 

Consumers have the right to expect that every product they purchase and consume from Food Empire is 100% safe for consumption and 

of the highest quality. Consumer health and safety is important to us because any lapses directly impact human health and human lives. 

In addition, such incidences will affect stakeholder sentiment and perception on the value of our brands and our organization. Therein, it 

is a natural operational and reputational imperative for us to place great importance in consumer health and safety. [GRI 103-1] 

HOW DO WE MANAGE THIS MATERIAL MATTER? 

Our success in the market is fundamentally dependent on our constant supply of top quality products that will meet and exceed the 

expectations of our consumers and other stakeholders. In a bid to continuously enhance our brands and maintain the confidence in our 

products, we have in place a Quality and Food Safety Policy. This policy sets out the principles that underpin our commitment towards 

consumer health and safety. [GRI 103-2]

POLICY

SUMMARY

Quality and Food Safety

• Manufacture products that meets or exceeds our quality and food safety standards and statutory 

and regulatory requirements

• Develop and implement the Quality Management System and Product Safety System and validate 

their effectiveness through internal and external verification processes

• Engage with vendors on their quality systems and specifications for inspection, handling, storage, 

and despatch of raw materials and packaging materials

• Communicate with consumers on product storage and other consumer guidelines

At Food Empire, we consistently challenge ourselves to set the highest quality and safety standards. All our operations are committed 

to continuous improvement, which is measured, evaluated and validated through internal and external verifications. Our Quality 

Management System and Product Safety System are certified by various external certification centres on compliance with the following 

standards. [GRI 103-3] 

CURRENT CERTIFICATIONS FOR OUR MANUFACTURING FACILITY IN RUSSIA

3

STANDARDS CERTIFIED

DESCRIPTION OF STANDARD

GOST4 R ISO 22000-2007 (ISO 22000: 2005)

Food Safety Management Systems

• This standard sets out the requirements for a food safety management system 

and maps out what an organization needs to do to demonstrate its ability to 

control food safety hazards and ensure food safety.

GOST R 54762-2011 (ISO/TS 22002-1:2009)

Prerequisite Programmes on Food Safety – Part 1: 

Food Manufacturing

• This standard sets out the requirements for establishing, implementing and 

maintaining prerequisite programmes to assist in controlling food safety hazards.

GOST ISO 9001-2011 (ISO 9001:2008)

Quality Management Systems – Requirements

• This standard sets out the criteria for an effective quality management system 

and it is designed to help organizations ensure that they meet the needs of 

stakeholders, statutory and regulatory requirements.

Across the life cycle of our products, we take systematic efforts to assess their health and safety impacts, communicate them to our 

stakeholders and gather areas for improvement. [GRI 103-2] [103-3] [416-1] 

INSPIRE PEOPLE THROUGH OUR PASSION

3  These certifications relate to the entity FES Products LLC in Russia, whose principal activities include the manufacturing and distribution of our products. 

4  Gosudarstvennyy Standart (GOST) refers to a set of technical state standards maintained by the Euro-Asian Council for Standardization, Metrology and Certification (EASC), 

a regional standards organization operating under the auspices of the CIS. These state standards are an analogue of the corresponding International Organization for 

Standardization (ISO) standards.

19

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED &gt; SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017


INSPIRE PEOPLE THROUGH OUR PASSION

Development of product concept

Research and development

Certification

Manufacturing and production

Marketing and promotion

Storage, distribution and supply

Use of products

Disposal, reuse or recycling

• We identify the chemical and physical profile of our raw materials at a microbiological 

level. We formulate new recipes based on these characteristics.

• We embrace innovation through rigorous R&amp;D efforts with different types of coffee, cream 

substitutes and other ingredients to achieve suitable health and nutrition levels

• We voluntarily seek independent certification of our products. They are also subject to 

periodic health and safety inspection controlled by an independent, certified laboratory.

• We have in place rigorous controls to test each batch of finished products. A system of 

identification and traceability is established whereby samples are stored for every batch. 

Any complaints or lapses will be verified by testing these stored samples.

• We study consumer demographics, preferences and lifestyle trends to better assess 

our health and safety impacts. This assessment also contributes directly to our  

development stages.

• We store our products in optimal conditions before they are sold. We engage with 

distributors and retail chains on the health and safety specifications for handling and 

storage of our products.

• We communicate the health and safety message to consumers through product labeling. 

This includes information on composition, nutritional value, recommended serving sizes, 

storage and expiry. In addition, we have an established grievance mechanism in place to 

respond to all consumer or trade queries and complaints.

• We encourage our consumers to safely dispose off our products and packaging to minimize 

the impacts on people and planet.

WHAT ARE OUR GOALS AND PERFORMANCE? 

Food Empire is committed towards the perpetual target of 0 confirmed incidents of non-compliance with all applicable laws and 

regulations concerning consumer health and safety. [GRI 103-2] 

During the year, there were 0 confirmed incidents of non-compliance with regulations concerning health and safety or product information 

and labelling (2016: 0). There were also 0 confirmed incidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes (2016: 0). [GRI 416-2] [417-2]

20

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED &gt; SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017


ASPIRE TO PROSPER WITH OUR PLANET 

Our one and only planet 

November 4th, 2016 marked a momentous milestone for humanity as the Paris Agreement5 on climate change enters into 

force – a turning point that flexes the combined socio-political and economic willpower of countries, governments, investors, 

citizens and businesses to take decisive global action on global warming. The Paris Agreement is a guardrail to keep the 

world on track. This is the warcry of human endeavour and as stakeholders of our planet, we aspire to be the stewards that 

will shift the tide of climate change.  

WHY IS ENERGY AND EMISSIONS IMPORTANT? 

There is an increasing number of research supported by evidence that shows the impact of climate change on the food industry. In 

2017, a study by the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America explained the correlation between climate change 

and pollinator decline. With such shifts in pollinators and crops, there are global implications for food security and large losses in areas 

suitable for coffee production – the results suggest that coffee-growing areas will be reduced by 73-88% by 2050 across global warming 

scenarios.6 Coffee is one of our key raw materials and such risks will subject us to price pressures and uncertainties. Therefore, Food 

Empire views climate change through the cascading lens of potential sustainability risks that may arise (e.g. food and supply risk) and 

impact our businesses in the future. 

At a financial level, energy costs comprise a modest portion of our operating expenditure. A collective focus on reducing energy 

consumption will not only enable us to reap financial savings but result in a direct reduction of our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. We 

are determined to improve our environmental performance and strive towards minimizing our impact through our operations. [GRI 103-1] 

HOW DO WE MANAGE THIS MATERIAL MATTER?7 

Food Empire has various energy conservation initiatives in place at facility-level across our operations. We strive to align our energy 

and emissions management with the various country-specific energy regulations and policies. In Russia, we abide to the “Federal Law 

on Energy Conservation and Energy Efficiency”, which seeks to reduce the intensity of electricity, heat, water and gas consumption of 

companies. The Government has also approved the “Action Plan to Phase-Out Incandescent Lamps in Russia and to Promote Demand for 

Energy Efficient Light Sources” where organizations are obliged to increase their adoption of energy efficient lighting. 

Over the years, our manufacturing plant in Russia has allocated resources to better manage our energy consumption and GHG emissions. 

In 2017, we embarked on replacement of all incandescent and fluorescent lamps with LED lamps and installed automatic lighting 

throughout our plant. [GRI 103-2] 

WHAT ARE OUR GOALS AND PERFORMANCE? 

We adopt a phased approach in managing our environmental impact. Looking forward, one of our key goals is to modernize our ventilation 

systems in order to sizably reduce our energy consumed for heating (during winter) and cooling (during summer). [GRI 103-2] 

Fuel consumption mainly relates to relatively small amounts of diesel oil and motor gasoline used in the operation of forklifts and motor 

vehicles at our manufacturing facility in Russia. During the year, total fuel consumption increased 8.6% from 2016 levels as we bought 

three new cars and a bigger bus for transporting our worker in 2017.  A total of 1,724 GJ of direct energy was consumed, translating to 123 

tonnes of CO2 emissions.

5  The Paris Agreement is an agreement within the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) that deals with greenhouse gas emissions mitigation, 

adaptation and finance. The Paris Agreement’s central aim is to strengthen the global response to the threat of climate change by keeping a global temperature rise this 

century well below 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels and to pursue efforts to limit the temperature increase even further to 1.5 degrees Celsius. 

6  Imbach, et al. (2017) “Coupling of pollination services and coffee suitability under climate change”, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of 

America, vol. 114 no. 39  

7  For the purposes of this inaugural Sustainability Report, our environmental performance is scoped to only include the energy and emissions of our manufacturing facility in Russia.

21

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED &gt; SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017


ASPIRE TO PROSPER WITH OUR PLANET 

0.0700

0.0600

0.0500

0.0400

0.0300

0.0200

0.0100

0.0000

2017

2016

Direct Energy Consumption (GJ)

Direct Energy Intensity  

(GJ per tonne of product)

0.05602

0.06332

2000

1800

1600

1400

1200

1000

800

600

400

200

0

1,724

1,596

2017

2016

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions 

 (tonnes CO2)

Direct (Scope1) GHG Emissions  

Intensity (tCO2 per tonne of product)

0.01

0.00

0.00

0.00

0.00

0.00

0.00

0.00

0.00

0.00

0.00

114

123

0.00401

0.00452

140

120

100

80

60

40

20

0

Electrical Energy Consumption (MWh)

2500

2000

1500

1000

500

0

0.0707

0.0738

2,015

2,010

2017

2016

Electrical EnergyIntensity 

(MWh per tonne of product)

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

2017

2016

Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions  

(tonnes CO2)

0.05

0.05

0.04

0.04

0.03

0.03

0.02

0.02

0.01

0.01

0.00

1,245

1,241

Energy Indirect (Scope2) GHG Emissions Intensity 

 (tCO2 per tonne of product)

0.0437

0.0456

1400

1200

1000

800

600

400

200

0

A significant portion of our energy consumption is from electricity purchased from the grid. Our current system of data collection does not 

provide for separately reporting of our electricity consumption for production and non-production activities. Hence, the reported total 

energy consumption includes all activities from production, warehouses and usage in offices.

In 2017, our energy consumption for warehousing activities increase considerably as we acquired two new warehouses during the year. 

Previously, this service was provided by third party and was not accounted for under our energy data. In 2017 total energy consumption 

remained at almost the same as the previous year. The increase in energy usage from the 2 new warehouses was offset by reduction in 

energy usage for production due to decrease in production volume (from 28,488 tonne in 2016 to 27,224 tonne in 2017). As the energy 

intensity is being reported on the basis of production volume, the energy intensity increased slightly. The energy consumption translates 

to 1,241 tonnes of CO2 emissions8.

Energy consumption

Energy intensity

Emissions

Emissions intensity

Legend:

8  The GHG emission factor used for the calculation of the Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions are based on the 2017 Annual Carbon Emission Factors for Integrated Power 

System (IPS) Center from the project “Development of the electricity carbon emission factors for Russia” by the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development.

22

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED &gt; SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017


GRI CONTENT INDEX [GRI 102-55]

GRI STANDARDS DISCLOSURES 

REFERENCE(S) OR REASONS FOR OMISSION  (IF APPLICABLE)

General Disclosures

Organisational Profile

102-1

Name of the organisation

About Food Empire (SR Pg 6-7)

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

About Food Empire (SR Pg 6-7)

102-3

Location of headquarters

Corporate Information (AR Pg 60)

102-4

Location of operations

About Food Empire (SR Pg 6-7)

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Corporate Information (AR Pg 60),

Shareholders’ Information (AR Pg 136), Statistics of Shareholdings (AR Pg 137)

102-6

Markets served

About Food Empire (SR Pg 6-7)

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Our sustainable workforce (SR Pg 16), Financial Highlights (AR Pg 11)

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Our sustainable workforce (SR Pg 16)

102-9

Supply chain

Economic resilience (SR Pg 10)

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain

Operations and Financial Review (AR Pg 12-13)

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

Risk Management and Internal Controls (AR Pg 29), Internal Audit (AR Pg 33)

102-12

External initiatives

Our shared heritage with our communities (SR Pg 17-18), Our consumers 

health and safety in our hands (SR Pg 19)

102-13

Membership of associations

Information unavailable

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Board Statement (SR Pg 3), Executive Chairman’s Message (AR Pg 6)

Ethic and Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behavior

Our stance against corruption (SR Pg 15), Our sustainable workforce (SR Pg 16)

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about 

ethics

Audit Committee (AR Pg 31)

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

Our leadership to drive sustainability (SR Pg 14), Board Matters (AR Pg 21-22)

102-20

Executive-level responsibility for economic, 

environmental, and social topics

Our leadership to drive sustainability (SR Pg 14), Chairman and Group 

Chief Executive Officer (AR Pg 24)

102-22

Composition of the highest governance body 

and its committees

Board of Directors (AR Pg 16-17), Board Matters (AR Pg 21-22), Board 

Composition and Guidance (AR Pg 23-24)

102-23

Chair of the highest governance body

Chairman and Group Chief Executive Officer (AR Pg 24)

102-24

Nominating and selecting the highest 

governance body

Board Membership (AR Pg 25-26), Board Performance (AR Pg 26)

102-25

Conflicts of interest

Board Matters (AR Pg 21-22)

102-26

Role of highest governance body in setting 

purpose, values, and strategy

Board Statement (SR Pg 3), Our leadership to drive sustainability (SR Pg 14), 

Board Matters (AR Pg 21-22)

102-29

Identifying and managing economic, 

environmental, and social impacts

Board Statement (SR Pg 3), Our leadership to drive sustainability (SR Pg 14), 

Board Matters (AR Pg 21-22)

102-30

Effectiveness of risk management processes

Risk Management and Internal Controls (AR Pg 29)

102-32

Highest governance body’s role in sustainability 

reporting

Board Statement (SR Pg 3), Our leadership to drive sustainability (SR Pg 14)

102-35

Remuneration policies

Remuneration Matters (AR Pg 27-28)

102-36

Process for determining remuneration

Remuneration Matters (AR Pg 27-28)

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Our key stakeholders (SR Pg 11) 

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Our key stakeholders (SR Pg 11) 

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Our key stakeholders (SR Pg 11) 

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Our key stakeholders (SR Pg 11) 

Reference:

SR  - Food Empire's Sustainability Report 2017

AR -  Food Empire’s Annual Report 2017

23

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED &gt; SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017


GRI CONTENT INDEX [GRI 102-55]

GRI STANDARDS DISCLOSURES 

REFERENCE(S) OR REASONS FOR OMISSION  (IF APPLICABLE)

General Disclosures

Reporting Practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements

Investments in Subsidiaries (AR Pg 90-94), Investments in Associates  

(AR Pg 95-97)

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

Materiality Assessment (SR Pg 12-13)

102-47

List of material topics

Materiality Assessment (SR Pg 12-13)

102-48

Restatement of information

Not applicable as this is Food Empire’s inaugural sustainability report.

102-49

Changes in reporting

Not applicable as this is Food Empire’s inaugural sustainability report.

102-50

Reporting period

Reporting Period and Scope (SR Pg 5)

102-51

Date of most recent report

Not applicable as this is Food Empire’s inaugural sustainability report.

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

Feedback (SR Pg 5)

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards

Reporting Framework (SR Pg 5)

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index (SR Pg 23-24)

102-56

External assurance

Food Empire has not sought external assurance for this report. External 

assurance will be considered as its reporting matures over time.

Material Topic: Anti-corruption

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

Our stance against corruption (SR Pg 15)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Our leadership to drive sustainability (SR Pg 14),  

Our stance against corruption (SR Pg 15)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Our stance against corruption (SR Pg 15)

Anti-corruption

205-2

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures

Our stance against corruption (SR Pg 15)

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken

Our stance against corruption (SR Pg 15)

Material Topic: Energy Consumption and GHG Emissions

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

Our one and only planet (SR Pg 21)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Our leadership to drive sustainability (SR Pg 14), Our one and only planet 

(SR Pg 21)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Our one and only planet (SR Pg 21)

Energy

302-1

Energy consumption within the organisation

Our one and only planet (SR Pg 22)

302-3

Energy intensity

Our one and only planet (SR Pg 22)

Emissions

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Our one and only planet (SR Pg 22)

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

Our one and only planet (SR Pg 22)

305-4

GHG emissions intensity

Our one and only planet (SR Pg 22)

Material Topic: Consumer Health and Safety

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

Our consumers health and safety in our hands (SR Pg 19-20)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Our leadership to drive sustainability (SR Pg 14), Our consumers health and 

safety in our hands (SR Pg 19-20)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Our consumers health and safety in our hands (SR Pg 19-20)

Customer Health and Safety

416-1

Assessment of the health and safety impacts of 

product and service categories

Our consumers health and safety in our hands (SR Pg 19-20)

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the 

health and safety impacts of products and 

services

Our consumers health and safety in our hands (SR Pg 20)

24

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED &gt; SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017




FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED

31 Harrison Road, #08-01, Food Empire Building, Singapore 369649

T (65) 6622 6900 F (65) 6744 8977 

www.foodempire.com



