


STRENGTHENING CONNECTIONS

Fostering Relationships Through Digital Transformation

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


01 Board Statement

02 Our Year in Review

03 About Food Empire

04 Our Award-Winning Brands

05 Sustainability at Food Empire

06 Economic Resilience

08 Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality

10 Principles

13 People

25 Planet

28 About the Report



SafeEntry

Scan Here for


The Board of Directors (the “Board”) is pleased to present the Sustainability 

Report of Food Empire Holdings Limited (“Food Empire” or together with its 

subsidiaries, “the Group”) for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 

(“FY2020”). 

FY2020 was a year demanding resilience amidst the scale and persistence of 

the COVID-19 pandemic and the resultant onslaught of lockdown measures 

by governments around the world. These have contributed to a global 

recessionary and volatile environment, which have impacted the Group’s 

sales, distribution and production. To address the risks to Food Empire’s 

supply chain and business operations, a management committee was formed 

to coordinate the dissemination of information and advisories relating to 

safe governance and practices for our employees worldwide. The Group also 

looked into maintaining buffer inventory levels and diversifying its supplier 

base to avoid any disruptions. In addition, changes in consumer buying 

behaviour and trade receivables collection patterns were, and continue to 

be, closely monitored by the Group’s business heads in all major markets. As 

at 31 December 2020, we have not experienced any significant slowdown in 

collectables that would merit concern.

While business conditions are expected to be uncertain and challenging for 

the foreseeable term, the Board is confident that Food Empire’s businesses 

will remain sustainable, backed by an experienced management team and 

a strong balance sheet. The Group is also expected to be able to fulfil its 

near-term obligations, support its future expansion plans, and comply with 

all COVID-19 regulatory requirements in the markets in which we operate.

The Board has reviewed Food Empire’s five existing material sustainability 

matters and is of the opinion that these matters remained material to 

the Group in 2020. The Board will continue to ensure that these material 

sustainability matters are appropriately monitored and managed, and 

remains committed to working with management to drive sustainable growth 

and deliver long-term value for all our stakeholders.

BOARD STATEMENT

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

1




1,942

Employees in Russia, Vietnam 

and Singapore

Zero

Incidents of 

injury in Russia 

and Vietnam

Zero 

confirmed cases of corruption 

and non-compliance with all 

laws and regulations

Zero 

Work-related 

fatalities in all 

our operations

Recognised in 

Top 100 “Most Valuable 

Singaporean brands” 

2020 ranking by Brand Finance, with an increase in estimated brand 

value from USD 76 million in 2019 to USD 81 million in 2020 

FY2020 IN REVIEW



Food Empire

5 hrs ago

47 Comments

214 Shares

Share

Comment

Like

60.1K



FY2020 in Review

STRENGTHENING CONNECTIONS

2








A trusted leader in  

the global F&amp;B markets

Food Empire is a global branding and manufacturing company in the food and 

beverage (F&amp;B) sector listed on the SGX Mainboard since April 2000. Today, our 

quality products –which include instant beverage products, frozen convenience food 

and snack food– are exported to more than 50 countries around the world. 

We operate 7 manufacturing facilities and 23 representative and liaison offices 

worldwide. Our primary markets include Russia, Ukraine, Kazakhstan and other 

members of the Commonwealth of Independent States (“CIS”), as well as Indochina.

In 2019, Food Empire was presented with the Sustainability Award at the SIAS 20th 

Investors’ Choice Award in Singapore.

ABOUT FOOD EMPIRE



CHOOSE YOUR DROP-OFF

Food Empire, Singapore

Our mission is to be a leading global food 

and beverage company providing quality 

products and services. We will achieve this 

goal as we have the people, the passion and 

the enterprising spirit to make a difference.

USD 273 

million

Net sales in FY2020

7 Manufacturing  

facilities

&gt;17

Brands

Sold in  

&gt; 50

countries

23 Offices

worldwide

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

3


Food Empire Brands

With an aim to further entrench our presence in existing 

markets and grow our global customer base, Food Empire 

is continually striving to improve our customers’ experience 

through innovative and quality product offerings. 

We currently offer over 17 brands that span a wide variety 

of beverages, including coffee, chocolate and tea; snacks, 

such as potato crisps; and premium-quality frozen foods. 

Besides manufacturing and selling retail products, we 

also sell our raw ingredients to other food manufacturers. 

Our brands are localised to match the flavour of the local 

markets in which our products are sold.

Since our public listing in 2000, Food Empire has won 

numerous accolades and awards. MacCoffee – the Group’s 

flagship brand – has been named by Enterprise Singapore 

OUR AWARD-WINNING BRANDS

1 The assessment by Brand Finance was made by estimating Food Empire’s likely future revenues attributable to its respective brands, calculating the 

royalty rate that would be charged for the use of its brands assuming it was not already owned, and benchmarking this against other contestants.

INSTANT 

BEVERAGES

MacCoffee

Café PHO

Klassno

Petrovskaya Sloboda

MacTea

MacChocolate

Hillway

CaféRite

MacFito

MacChoco

MacCereal

NutriRite

FesAroma

Bolt

SNACK FOOD

Kracks

Chizzpa

COFFEE CAPSULES

Tazzanera

FROZEN 

CONVENIENCE FOOD

OrienBites



Food Empire

5 hrs ago

(formerly known as IE Singapore) as one of “The Strongest 

Singapore Brands”, and has consistently been ranked as the 

leading 3-in-1 instant coffee brand in Russia, Ukraine and 

Vietnam. Enterprise Singapore has also recognised Food 

Empire as one of the “Most Valuable Singapore Brands”, and 

was twice named by Forbes Magazine as one of the “Best 

under a Billion” companies in Asia. 

In FY2020, Food Empire ranked 53 in Brand Finance’s Top 

100 list of “Most Valuable Singaporean Brands”, with an 

estimated brand value of USD 81 million (FY2019: USD 76 

million)1. This was an improvement of 5 places from the 

prior ranking attained in 2019, and serves as a validation 

of the Group’s continual efforts to improve our customer 

experience and brand equity.

22 Comments

331 Shares

Share

Comment

Like

70.2K



STRENGTHENING CONNECTIONS

4


Food Empire Sustainability Ambitions

OUR SUSTAINABILITY FOCUS

Our decision-making processes and business practices at Food Empire are guided by our sustainability ambitions 

surrounding Planet, Principles, and People. We are fully committed to all our stakeholders, and will continue to 

conduct our activities with a focus on sustainability to serve our stakeholders’ needs and interests the best we can.

SUSTAINABILITY  

AT FOOD EMPIRE

PLANET

We care about our PLANET.  

We strive to reduce our 

environmental impact and safeguard 

a future for all generations to come. 

PRINCIPLES

We guide our purpose 

with PRINCIPLES. We  

are committed to 

conducting our 

business activities with 

the highest integrity 

and accountability.

PEOPLE

We are passionate about 

PEOPLE. We place great 

emphasis on creating 

a safe and inclusive 

workplace for our 

employees, as well as 

serving quality products 

to our customers.

OUR 

SUSTAINABILITY 

FOCUS



Food Empire

6 hrs ago

49 Comments

482 Shares

Share

Comment

Like

76.2K



FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

5






Economic resilience is a key strategic thrust that enables Food Empire to deliver stable returns to 

our shareholders, and distribute value to our other stakeholders, in the form of employee wages 

and benefits, taxes to the government, and community investments. To achieve this, we pride 

ourselves on consistent product innovation that caters to the fast-changing consumer preferences 

in the global markets, and that positions us well to diversify into new geographic and product 

sectors. In FY2020, our net sales were USD 273.0 million (FY2019: USD 288.6 million). For more 

information on our financial performance, please refer to our Annual Report.

COVID-19 IMPACT ON BUSINESS RESILIENCE AND OPERATIONS

As our business grows, so does the challenges and complexity of our operations. FY2020 was a particularly 

challenging year, putting pressure on our sales, distribution and production activities. With the mass 

enforcement of lockdown measures in our key markets together with the global recessionary and volatile 

economic conditions brought about by COVID-19, our revenues have declined by 5.4% from FY2019. 

Despite this, Food Empire’s cash position remains strong, and the Group is expected to be able to fulfil 

its near-term obligations, support its future expansion plans, and comply with all COVID-19 regulatory 

requirements. Furthermore, the Group’s business heads in all major markets are closely monitoring 

changes in consumer buying behaviour and trade receivables collection patterns, and will make the 

appropriate interventions to ensure business continuity, where necessary. 

When the pandemic first broke out, a COVID-19 management committee was formed to address important 

concerns such as business and supply chain continuity, coordinate the dissemination of information and 

advisories relating to safe governance and practices for our employees worldwide.

As Singapore changed the Disease Outbreak Response System Condition (DORSCON) alert level to Orange, 

the COVID-19 committee and our office team in Singapore started to draw up contingency plans to ensure 

business continuity should the situation in Singapore further deteriorate and the DORSCON alert level 

be changed to Red. The contingency plan included guidelines for working from home, and ensured that 

employees were mentally prepared and aware of their responsibilities. Every department was split into 

teams that alternated working from home and the office. To minimise operational disruptions, the IT 

department conducted an assessment of the readiness and effectiveness of the IT systems in supporting 

the new working arrangement, and provided ongoing technology and connectivity support. Virtual 

meetings replaced physical meetings.

Other group offices soon adopted the model initiated by the Singapore office. It had pre-emptively 

prepared for and introduced work from home arrangements. This puts the Group a step ahead in 

ensuring a smooth transition and compliance with COVID-19 regulatory requirements when lockdowns 

and social distancing measures were actually mandated by governments worldwide.

ECONOMIC RESILIENCE

STRENGTHENING CONNECTIONS

6




COVID-19 IMPACT ON  

OUR SUPPLY CHAIN 

To a global consumer product company, 

supply chain continuity is crucial. As such, 

when COVID-19 first struck, a key priority of 

the Group was to ensure the resilience of 

our supply chain, especially since many of 

our suppliers sourced directly or indirectly 

from China, which was the main affected 

country then before the outbreak spread to 

countries such as Singapore, South Korea, 

and Hong Kong.

At that stage, the Group’s operating units 

who were sourcing from China began 

sourcing alternative supplies and critical 

materials from other countries like Brazil, 

India, Malaysia and Vietnam, to prevent any 

disruption to production in our factories. 

A sub-committee was formed to engage 

suppliers, and we started obtaining weekly 

updates from each supplier and establishing 

alternative supply sources, where possible. 

To date, this is an ongoing balancing act 

between diversifying our supplier base, 

and maintaining buffer inventory to protect 

against possible supply chain disruptions.







FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

7




KEY STAKEHOLDERS [GRI 102-40] [102-42] [102-43] [102-44]

At Food Empire, we are fully committed to conduct our business in alignment with our stakeholders’ needs and 

interests. Through regular engagement with our stakeholders, we aim to foster close relationships that will allow 

us to understand their dominant concerns and how we can best serve them. An overview of our key stakeholders, 

their expectations and our channels of engagement is presented below.

STAKEHOLDER  

ENGAGEMENT &amp; MATERIALITY

Key Interests:

• Financial and operational performance

• Good Corporate governance

• Sustainability

• Transparency

Our response and engagement platforms:

• Cultivate a culture of transparent and timely communications

• Provide reliable and relevant information to investors through:

 » Annual Report and Sustainability Report (Annual)

 » Annual shareholder meeting (Annual)

 » Announcements and circulars (Regular)

 » Investor relations channel (Active)

 » Investor presentations, roadshows, dialogue sessions (Regular)

 » Quarterly reports (Quarterly)

Covid-19 specific concerns:

• Business resilience to economic shocks posed 

by COVID-19

SHAREHOLDERS

Key Interests:

• Financial and operational performance

• Good Corporate governance

• Sustainability of Food Empire

• Timely repayment of loan principal and interest

Our response and engagement platforms:

• Cultivate a culture of transparent and timely communications

• Provide reliable and relevant information to financiers through:

 » Annual Report and Sustainability Report (Annual)

 » Direct communication, meetings and discussion (Annual)

 » Announcements and circulars (Regular)

Covid-19 specific concerns:

• Timely repayment of loan principal and interest

FINANCIERS

Key Interests:

• Equal opportunities and non-discrimination

• Health, safety and well-being

• Job satisfaction

• Remuneration

• Training and development opportunities

Our response and engagement platforms:

• Establish a fair and diverse working 

environment

• Provide competitive remuneration and 

employment benefits

• Engage employees through annual 

performance appraisals, employee 

engagement surveys

• Provision of trainings and volunteering 

opportunities

• Implement new workplace arrangements to 

enhance safety

• Avoid COVID-19 related layoffs where feasible

• Engage employees through:

 » Company events and activities (Regular)

 » Control self-assessment for Senior 

Management (Regular) 

 » Human resource channel (Active)

 » Staff appraisal (Regular)

 » Surveys and interviews (Ad hoc)

 » Training and development programs 

(Regular)

 » Volunteer and community activities (Ad hoc)

Covid-19 specific concerns:

• Enhanced safety protocols at the workplace 

to prevent the spread of COVID-19

• Job security

EMPLOYEES

Key Interests:

• Compliance to relevant laws 

and regulations

• Contributions to economic and 

social development

• Environmental impacts of 

operations

Our response and 

engagement platforms:

• Comply with all applicable 

environmental and socio-

economic regulations

• Contribute to the local 

economy through local 

employment and tax payments 

to the government

• Implement safe distancing 

practices in the workplace

• Engage regulators through:

 » Annual Report and 

Sustainability Report (Annual)

 » Industry sector participation 

channels (Ad hoc)

 » Participation in conferences, 

meetings and discussions

 » Site visits and audits/checks

Covid-19 specific concerns:

• Adherence to new workplace 

safe distancing guidelines

REGULATORS

Key Interests:

• Business ethics and 

sustainable practices

• Food safety and hygiene

• Innovation

• Product quality and 

nutritional value

• Responsible marketing and 

labelling

Our response and 

engagement platforms:

• Continue to deliver quality 

products

• Engage customers through:

 » Annual Report and 

Sustainability Report 

(Annual)

 » Consumer enquiries 

channel (Active)

 » Marketing and labelling of 

products (Active)

 » Mass media and social 

media (Regular)

 » Surveys and market 

research (Ad hoc)

Covid-19 specific concerns:

• Availability of products

CUSTOMERS

STRENGTHENING CONNECTIONS

8




MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT [GRI 102-46] [102-47]

Ranking our sustainability matters through a materiality assessment allows us to focus our resources on the most critical matters 

of our business. In previous years, we have identified the top five sustainability matters that have a significant impact on our 

business and key stakeholders. In FY2020, we have reviewed these sustainability matters, and concluded that they remain 

relevant for the year even in the context of COVID-19. The figure below illustrates our materiality assessment process and the five 

material sustainability matters identified through the assessment. 

Key Interests:

• Business ethics and sustainable practices

• Long-term business relationship with Food Empire

• Financial and operational performance

• Sustainability

Our response and engagement platforms:

• Close collaboration with our suppliers to achieve a long, 

sustainable relations

• Regular communications and meeting with suppliers

• Conducting supplier audits annually

• Engage suppliers through:

 » Annual Report and Sustainability Report (Annual)

 » Direct communication, meetings and discussion (Annual)

 » Evaluation and monitoring (Ad hoc)

 » Joint initiatives and programmes (Ad hoc)

 » Site visits and audits/checks (Ad hoc)

 » Survey (Ad hoc)

Covid-19 specific concerns:

• Management of contractual obligations

SUPPLIERS AND BUSINESS PARTNERS

Key Interests:

• Contribution to economic and social development

• Environmental impact of operations

• Local employment

Our response and engagement platforms:

• Supporting local communities through corporate sustainability 

programmes

• Engage community through:

 » Annual Report and Sustainability Report (Annual)

 » Corporate social responsibility initiatives (Ad hoc)

 » Sponsorship and philanthropy (Ad hoc)

Covid-19 specific concerns:

• Provide donations and community support

COMMUNITY

Mapping of Material Sustainability Matters 

to GRI Standards Topics

No.

Sustainability 

Matters

Relevant GRI Standards Topics

1

Energy Consumption 

and Greenhouse Gas 

(GHG) Emission

GRI 302: Energy 

GRI 305: Emissions

2

Consumer Health  

and Safety

GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 

GRI 417: Marketing and Labeling

3

Anti-corruption

GRI 102: Ethics and Integrity 

GRI 205: Anti-Corruption

4

Occupational health 

and safety

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety

5

Employment practices

GRI 401: Employment

1

2

3

4

5

High

High

IMPORTANCE TO EXTERNAL STAKEHOLDERS

IMPORTANCE TO INTERNAL STAKEHOLDERS

Low

Non-material matters

Material matters

We identified 3 material matters through:

• Consolidating a list of potentially material 

ESG matters from interviewing internal 

stakeholders and performing peer 

benchmarking.

• Prioritising material ESG matters through 

materiality assessment workshop, taking 

into account both internal and external 

stakeholder perspectives. 

• Obtaining Board validation of 3 material 

ESG matters identified. 

We added Vietnam 

operations to our 

reporting scope, 

and identified 

two new material 

matters. 

A total of 5 

material matters 

were validated 

by the Board 

and reported in 

FY2018.

We conducted 

a review of 

our 5 material 

ESG matters 

in FY2019, and 

concluded that 

the five material 

matters are still 

relevant across 

our operations. 

We conducted 

another review of 

our 5 material ESG 

matters in FY2020, and 

concluded that the five 

material matters are 

still relevant across our 

operations. 

These topics will be 

reviewed again in 

subsequent reports to 

ensure their continued 

relevance to the Group.

FY2019

REVIEW

FY2020

REVIEW

FY2018

REVIEW

FY2017

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

9






PRINCIPLES

Food Empire believes that upholding high standards of corporate governance is of 

paramount importance to our continued success and is a key enabler for the achievement 

of the Group’s sustainability aspirations across all levels of the organisation.









SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE [GRI 102-18] [102-29] [102-32]

A well-defined committee structure with clear delegation of responsibilities is vital to 

achieving strong sustainability governance and enabling the advancement of Food Empire’s 

sustainability strategy.

Energy 

Consumption 

and 

Greenhouse 

Gas Emissions

Consumer 

Health and 

Safety

Anti-

corruption

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety

Employment

THE BOARD

At the highest level, The Board of Directions (“the Board”) is responsible for the Group’s 

sustainability performance and ensures that sustainability matters are incorporated in the 

Group’s strategic formulation. The Board also identifies material sustainability matters and 

ensure they are well managed, with appropriate policies and practices in place.

FOOD EMPIRE TOP MANAGEMENT 

The Management team oversees the implementation of all sustainability policies and regularly 

monitors the progress of key metrics relevant to the Group’s sustainability performance. The 

Management provides regular updates to the Board on the overall progress towards achieving 

its Sustainability goals.

FOOD EMPIRE SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE

The Food Empire Sustainability Committee reports directly to top management. The 

Committee includes sustainability coordinators from our headquarters in Singapore as well as 

representatives from our key markets; Russia and Vietnam. Market representatives work with 

local teams to ensure that specific policies are adhered to on the operational level, and to track 

the country’s sustainability performance. The Committee meets regularly to discuss key updates 

on and potential improvements to Food Empire’s sustainability reporting and performance. 

MATERIAL 

MATTER 

CHAMPIONS

STRENGTHENING CONNECTIONS

10




OUR BUSINESS ETHICS

WHY IS ANTI-CORRUPTION IMPORTANT TO FOOD EMPIRE? [GRI 103-1]

The continued success of a business rests largely on its ability to maintain the trust and confidence of its 

stakeholders. Corrupt practices and ethical violations can damage this trust and cause lasting harm to the 

reputation of a business. They can also result in legal and financial consequences, that may have significant 

repercussions on business operations. Food Empire adopts a strict zero-tolerance stance towards fraud, 

bribery and corruption. As a responsible member of society, we are committed to taking all possible steps to 

ensure that no incidences of corruption take place, or go unpunished and unresolved, within the organisation.

Policies and procedures

Summary

Legal compliance

Employees and directors are expected to comply with the local laws and regulations 

(e.g. Anti-Corruption, Labour, Immigration Act etc.) in all the countries we operate in.

Product quality and 

safety

Products must meet all applicable food safety and hygiene standards required by 

law in the countries we manufacture and supply to.

Gifts, loans and 

entertainment

Employees and directors should not, directly or indirectly, accept gifts of cash, 

favours or anything of value which could impair, or appear to impair their ability to 

perform their duties or exercise their judgment in a fair and unbiased manner.

Interest in other business 

and organisations

Employees and directors should not, directly or indirectly, engage in any work or 

business other than those in connection with their duties. This includes not having 

any deemed interest in any transaction, competitor or supplier which could influence 

objectivity and create a conflict of interest.

Indirect interests and 

relationships

Employees and directors should not be in a position to make or influence any 

decision made pertaining to any transaction or business endeavour which might 

involve their relatives.

Confidentiality and use 

of company information

Employees and directors should not use for personal benefit or disclose any 

company information and data to any other person or entity, even after termination 

of employment.

Diversion of corporate 

opportunities

Employees and directors should not appropriate or divert any business or financial 

opportunity to any other person or entity.

Safeguarding company 

property

Employees and directors should utilise the company’s resources and assets in a most 

efficient manner, to increase competitiveness and provide the best possible service 

to customers.

Code of Conduct

Employees and directors are expected to follow the Code of Conduct, which covers:

a. High Standard of Honesty and Integrity

b. Loyalty to Company

c. Conflict of Interest

d. Cost Effectiveness

MANAGEMENT APPROACH [GRI 103-2] [103-3] [205-2] [205-3]

Food Empire is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance 

and business conduct. Our conduct is governed by Food Empire’s Business Ethics 

and Code of Conduct, which is communicated to all employees. The table below 

provides a summary of the key aspects of this code.

POLICY

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

11






Perpetual target

FY2019 performance

Zero cases of non-compliance with all applicable laws 

and regulations



  Achieved

Zero confirmed incidents of corruption



  Achieved

Food Empire has implemented a Group-wide grievance mechanism via its Whistleblowing 

Policy. The Whistleblowing Policy allows employees to raise concerns about any 

wrongdoings, financial malpractice, illegal acts or business practices that go against 

Food Empire’s code of conduct in a safe and confidential manner. This channel ensures 

that any breach of trust can be reported by employees without any fear of reprisal or 

victimisation.

The Audit Committee (“AC”) has the responsibility to oversee and implement this Policy. 

Specifically, the AC Chairman (“ACC”) handles the following functions:

• Receive complaints 

• Perform a preliminary review of the complaints and report valid complaints to the AC

• Set up and maintain a Complaints Register

GRIEVANCE 

PROCEDURES

TARGETS

STRENGTHENING CONNECTIONS

12








PEOPLE

As a business that is focused on bringing joy to consumers through our products, we put 

care for people at the core of our purpose. At Food Empire, not only do we aim to create a 

positive difference in the lives of consumers by providing quality food and beverages, we 

also hope to inspire people through our brands, bringing greater value to our consumers, 

stakeholders, partners and the community at large.

Policies and procedures

Summary

Recruitment

This policy serves as the basis of our recruitment practices. It embodies our 

commitment to provide equal employment opportunity regardless of race, national 

origin, religion, age, or gender.

Employment benefits

This policy sets out the guidelines and procedures of employee benefits which 

include compensation benefits, leave policy and administration, and medical and 

dental benefits.

Career development

This policy provides guidelines to ensure that a consistent and systematic approach is 

taken to manage career development activities for employees, through activities such 

as performance appraisals, succession planning, and training and development.

OUR EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES

WHY ARE EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES IMPORTANT TO FOOD EMPIRE? [GRI 103-1]

Food Empire believes in maintaining a fair, responsible and conducive working environment for all our employees. 

Diversity remains a key consideration in our hiring practices. We strongly believe that diversity and inclusivity are 

integral to enhancing teamwork, confidence and performance amongst our employees. This commitment sets us 

apart as a choice employer. At a Group level, we believe in setting the stage with clear policies to ensure that all 

employees are treated equally and given the same opportunities to grow and develop in their journey.

MANAGEMENT APPROACH [GRI 103-2] [103-3]

Our employment policies cover a wide range of employment practices 

which include recruitment, employment benefits and career development 

activities. The table below lists our Group’s key policies and procedures.

POLICY

To effectively implement employment policies across 

our operations, our corporate Human Resources (“HR”) 

department in Singapore sets the Group’s key policies 

and tracks the implementation of these policies in our 

organisation.

Day-to-day HR operations are managed by the local HR 

team in each country, who is also responsible for adopting 

the Group’s employment policies and tailoring them to 

include specific employment provisions from their local 

regulations. The local HR team in each country reports 

key HR statistics to the Group HR on a quarterly basis.

The existing arrangement ensures consistency in HR 

practices across the Group while still providing local HR 

teams with the flexibility to adapt the practices to the 

different regulatory requirements in each country.

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

13




Profile of our Workforce [GRI 102-8]

Food Empire is committed to creating a fair and inclusive working environment for our 

employees and workers.

GROUP EMPLOYEES PROFILE BY  

GENDER AND EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT

Food Empire takes every opportunity to ensure that we provide a positive working 

environment free from harassment and discrimination. However, we acknowledge that 

it may not be possible to fully prevent these incidents from taking place. As such, Food 

Empire has implemented grievance channels through which employees are able to 

report alleged incidents of harassment and discrimination.

Through the informal grievance procedure, employees can raise their grievances to their 

immediate superior who will attempt to identify possible resolution methods with the 

employees. If the matter is unable to be resolved, the case would be escalated to the 

formal grievance procedure.

In the formal grievance procedure, employees will submit an official report to their 

superior or the head of Group HR. A grievance manager will conduct the investigations 

and close them only when the matter has been resolved, or if employees decide to 

withdraw the grievance. Employees are allowed to appeal against the decision if they 

feel that the matter has not been sufficiently resolved.

GRIEVANCE 

PROCEDURES

COMMITMENT

INITIATIVES AND PERFORMANCE

In Singapore, where our headquarters are located, the 

number of employees in 2020 remained relatively stable 

through the year at 46 permanent employees, or 2.4% 

of our total workforce. The majority of employees in 

Singapore are working in corporate support functions.

Vietnam accounted for 59.2% of the total workforce. 

The number of employees remained relatively stable 

through the year at 1,150 permanent employees. The 

majority of employees in Vietnam are working in sales 

and production to support business growth. 

Russia accounted for 38.4% of our total workforce, with 

746 permanent employees. The majority of employees 

in Russia are involved in production. Due to manpower 

shortages in Russia, it is the industry practice for 

manufacturing companies to employ temporary 

workers. As at 31 December 2020, there were 149 

temporary employees. All our temporary employees 

are entitled to a full-benefits package comparable to 

that of permanent employees. The entitlements include 

free meals, official transport, payment of primary and 

periodic medical examinations. 

In FY2020, Food Empire had a total of 1,942 

employees in Singapore, Russia and Vietnam.

Total

1942

Male

1138 | 58.6%

Female

804 | 41.4%

Full-Time

Male: 1136 | 58.5%

Female: 801 | 41.2%

Part-Time

Male: 2 | 0.1%

Female: 3 | 0.2%

STRENGTHENING CONNECTIONS

14




New Hires and Turnovers2 [GRI 102-8]

GROUP EMPLOYEES PROFILE BY  

GENDER AND EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT

EMPLOYEES PROFILE BY GENDER  

AND EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT

EMPLOYEES PROFILE BY  

GENDER AND EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT 

Male

750 | 65.2%

Female

400 | 34.8%

In this reporting period, there were 1,010 new employees 

across our operations, translating to a hiring rate of 52.0% 

(FY2019: 52.5%).

Conversely, Food Empire also saw a turnover of 1,015 

employees across our operations, translating to a turnover 

rate of 52.3% (FY2019: 53.5%).

Vietnam accounted for most of our new hires and turnovers 

in 2020. Most of these changes in our employees occurred 

within our sales division. As in previous years, it is an industry 

trend in Vietnam for sales jobs to have a high turnover rate 

due to the demographics of individuals. Sales jobs mainly 

attract young males, who have a higher tendency to value 

flexibility in their employment, and are more likely to change 

jobs. Like previous years, this trend accounts for both the 

new hire and turnover rates in 2020. Overall, the number 

of employees working for Food Empire in Vietnam has 

remained stable throughout the years. 

Although our new hires and turnover rates are within the 

national industrial average of the respective countries, Food 

Empire is working on the opportunity to further improve 

talent retention within the company.

Total

1010

Male

686 | 67.9%

Female

324 | 32.1%

&lt; 30 years old

Male: 328 | 32.5%

Female: 146 | 14.5%

30 - 50 years old

Male: 342 | 33.9%

Female: 168 | 16.6%

&gt; 50 years old

Male: 16 | 1.6%

Female: 10 | 1.0%

EMPLOYEES PROFILE BY  

GENDER AND EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT

Total

46

Male

18 | 39.1%

Female

28 | 60.9%

Male

370 | 49.6%

Female

376 | 50.4%

Total

746

Total

1150

VIETNAM

RUSSIA

SINGAPORE

2 The number of new hires and turnovers in Russia does not include temporary foreign workers that need to leave the company to  

 reapply for their permit, as this would distort turnover figures.

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

15




Male

620 | 70.6%

Female

258 | 29.4%

Total

1

Male

1 | 100%

Female

0 | 0%

Male

65 | 49.6%

Female

66 | 50.4%

Total

131

Total

878

VIETNAM NEW HIRES

RUSSIA NEW HIRES

SINGAPORE NEW HIRES

&lt; 30 years old

Male: 0 | 0%

Female: 0 | 0%

&lt; 30 years old

Male: 14 | 10.7%

Female: 14 | 10.7%

&lt; 30 years old

Male: 314 | 35.8%

Female: 132 | 15.0%

30 - 50 years old

Male: 1 | 100%

Female: 0 | 0%

30 - 50 years old

Male: 43 | 32.8%

Female: 42 | 32.1%

30 - 50 years old

Male: 298 | 33.9%

Female: 126 | 14.4%

&gt; 50 years old

Male: 0 |0%

Female: 0 | 0%

&gt; 50 years old

Male: 8 | 6.1%

Female: 10 | 7.6%

&gt; 50 years old

Male: 8 | 1.0%

Female: 0 | 0.0%

Employment Benefits [GRI 401-2]

GROUP TURNOVER

Over the years, the Group has provided all necessary 

employment and welfare benefits to our dedicated 

employees. In all our operations, we provide employees 

with medical insurance and healthcare benefits. All 

employees are entitled to annual paid leave, parental 

leave and statutory retirement provision. Other 

benefits include transport reimbursements, recreation 

activities, mobile phone subscription reimbursements, 

parental benefit-related gifts, overtime meal allowance 

and service awards. 

Our benefit schedules comply with local laws and 

regulations where applicable. For example, in Vietnam, 

we comply with the Internal Labour Regulations which 

was set based on the Labour Code of 2012 regarding 

minimum annual leave, working hours, and types and 

formats of leave of absence.

Total

1015

Male

655 | 64.5%

Female

360 | 35.5%

&lt; 30 years old

Male: 301 | 29.7%

Female: 153 | 15.1%

30 - 50 years old

Male: 342 | 33.7%

Female: 198 | 19.5%

&gt; 50 years old

Male: 12 | 1.2%

Female: 9 | 0.9%

STRENGTHENING CONNECTIONS

16




Male

620 | 70.6%

Female

258 | 29.4%

Total

2

Male

0 | 0.0%

Female

2 | 100%

Male

108 | 58.7%

Female

76 | 41.3%

Total

184

Total

829

VIETNAM TURNOVER

RUSSIA TURNOVER

SINGAPORE TURNOVER

&lt; 30 years old

Male: 0 | 0%

Female: 0 | 0%

&lt; 30 years old

Male: 20 | 10.9%

Female: 14 | 7.6%

&lt; 30 years old

Male: 314 | 35.8%

Female: 132 | 15.0%

30 - 50 years old

Male: 0 | 0%

Female: 1 | 50%

30 - 50 years old

Male: 80 | 43.5%

Female: 54 | 29.4%

30 - 50 years old

Male: 298 | 33.9%

Female: 126 |14.4%

&gt; 50 years old

Male: 0 |0%

Female: 1 | 50%

&gt; 50 years old

Male: 8 | 4.4%

Female: 8 | 4.4%

&gt; 50 years old

Male: 8 | 1.0%

Female: 0 | 0.0%

CASE STUDY

Supporting Employee Well-Being through COVID-19

We care deeply for our employees and are committed to 

supporting them and protecting their livelihoods. Since 

the pandemic, we have not conducted any COVID-19 

retrenchment exercises and are still paying employees 

their full salaries, even when they were not able to fully 

execute their job roles due to COVID-19 measures. 

In Russia, where the effects of the pandemic were 

severe, we continued to engage our employees actively, 

and promoted a supportive organisational culture that 

was also conducive to productivity. To achieve this, 

we organised optional informal online activities, and 

encouraged employees to participate in these events 

that focused on building social connection.

One such activity was an online flash mob “MacCoffee-

Russia on isolation”, which was launched as an 

opportunity to bring employees together virtually 

through creative photo collages that showed the spirit of 

collaboration and cooperation despite the remote work. 







FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

17




OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

WHY IS OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY (OHS) IMPORTANT TO FOOD EMPIRE? 

[GRI 103-1]

The pandemic has made health and safety a top concern for many businesses. During these challenging times, Food 

Empire has implemented new measures informed by the best practices and advisories from the local governments 

to ensure that we reduce the risk of our employees being exposed to COVID-19 during the course of their work. 

As our employees spend a significant portion of their day on our premises, we understand that we have a central 

responsibility to allay any health and safety concerns they may have while working.

Policies and 

procedures

Coverage of 

Policies

Summary

Accident 

management 

procedures

Group-wide

This procedure outlines the steps that need to be taken when an 

accident occurs, which includes accident reporting process.

Emergency 

response 

procedures

Group-wide

This procedure provides the appropriate protocols that should be 

followed in the case that there are emergencies occur.

Safety, health, 

and environment 

(“SHE”) policy

Vietnam

This policy serves as a framework to protect the safety and health of 

our employees and outlines the company’s principle “all occupational 

accident, disease, and environmental incident shall be prevented”

Labour Safety 

Management 

System

Russia

This policy aligns our Safety, health, and environment (“SHE”) policies 

with regulations in Russia. This policy outlines roles, responsibilities 

and procedures to ensure that there is a high standard of safety in our 

Russian operations

MANAGEMENT APPROACH [GRI 403-1] 

The safety of our staff remains our top priority. We are committed to working towards our 

goal of zero work-related fatalities, with a workforce that always puts safety first. To achieve 

this goal, we have introduced several policies as summarised in the table below.

POLICY

Each operating country has its own health and safety management system and dedicated committees to oversee its 

implementation and the management of the health and safety of our workforce. Country-specific safety management 

systems and committees are established to provide greater flexibility in responding to different regulations on health 

and safety in every country in which we operate.

Target

FY2020 performance

Perpetual target of zero confirmed work-related fatalities in 

all our operations



  Achieved

Achieve zero work-related injuries lost day by 2021 



  Achieved

100% of workers receive at least one safety training annually



  Achieved

TARGETS

STRENGTHENING CONNECTIONS

18




INITIATIVES AND PERFORMANCE

[GRI 403-1] [403-2][403-3][403-4] [403-5][403-6] [403-7][403-9] 

RUSSIA

In Russia, we have developed our Labour Safety Management 

System (LSMS) in accordance with the Labour Code of the 

Russian Federation and other federal laws concerning workforce 

safety. We have obtained the following external certifications for 

our LSMS.

Standards-certified

Description of standard

GOST 12.0.230-2007 3

Occupational safety 

standards system

This standard outlines the 

general requirements of the 

occupational safety and health 

management system.

GOST R 12.0.007-2009

Labor protection 

management systems in 

organisations

This standard sets out 

the requirements for 

the development and 

implementation of safety 

management system and its 

audit and improvement plan.

The LSMS provides guidance on the implementation of our 

safety management systems in Russia. A safety committee 

oversees the application of the LSMS. This committee meets 

up regularly to conduct safety inspections and discuss potential 

areas of improvement when safety breaches are identified.

To ensure that all employees have the necessary knowledge 

to carry out their work in a safe manner, Food Empire has 

established an annual training program for our employees. 

All employees undergo mandatory safety training sessions. 

Instances of unsafe practices at work are communicated and 

highlighted to our employees during routine pre-work briefings. 

Employees are also provided annual health screenings while 

working for Food Empire Russia.

This year, we have focused a great deal of our health and safety 

efforts towards preventing the spread of the COVID-19 virus. 

We have taken every effort to comply with all health and safety 

directives that the Russian government has put out.

CASE STUDY

Managing COVID-19 in Russia

Russia was one of the countries most severely impacted 

by the pandemic. As at December 2020, there were 

more than 2 million individuals affected by COVID-19. 

As such, introducing measures to reduce the spread 

of the virus amongst our worker population has been 

a key priority of Food Empire Russia. In the past year, 

we have continuously updated our response to the 

virus based on safety advisories by the government, 

industry best practices as well as our internal analysis 

of practices that we can adopt to reduce transmission. 

Examples of our measures include:

1. Safe working environment 

• Monthly maintenance of ventilation system and 

installation of recirculators to disinfect the air in 

spaces where there is heavy traffic of people

• Disinfection of working area at least twice every 

shift

• Disinfection in bus compartment which 

transports employees after each trip

• Availability of hand sanitisers in every office, in 

workshops, in warehouses, in washrooms, there 

are skin antiseptics for hand disinfection;

2. Personal Protective Equipment (PPE)

• Each employee is given 12 reusable masks (masks 

are washed and disinfected for reuse) to be worn 

at the factory and outside operational areas. 

• Organising washing of reusable masks at the 

factory and their disinfection

• Periodic replenishment of protective masks, 

gloves, disinfectants

3 Gosudarstvennyy Standart (GOST) refers to a set of technical state standards maintained by the Euro-Asian Council for Standardisation, Metrology 

and Certification (EASC), a regional standards organisation operating under the auspices of the CIS. These state standards are an analogue of the 

corresponding International Organisation for Standardisation (ISO) standards.

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

19




3. Safety and Hygiene awareness

• All employees of the plant are trained on the 

rules of personal and public hygiene.

• Selected employees are appointed as health and 

safety stewards to control the implementation of 

antiviral measures by the employees

4. Safe distancing measures

• Cancelling of all public events

• Increasing the availability of transport buses and 

ensuring minimum safe distance for each bus trip 

to transport employees

• Introducing teleconference for meetings and 

work from home arrangements for office workers

• Introducing staggered timings for lunch and visits 

to the canteen

• Markings and signs are applied, defining the 

social distance of 1.5 meters. The markup is 

updated periodically.

5. Coronavirus detection and testing

• Every two weeks, 10% of the total number of 

employees are tested for coronavirus infection

• Conducting test for individuals who have travelled 

outside Moscow before they return to work

• Taking the temperature of employees before 

they enter office premises, and at least every two 

hours during the working day









Our measures ensure that the risk of transmission is minimal when our employees are working with us. 

CASE STUDY

Managing COVID-19 in Russia

STRENGTHENING CONNECTIONS

20




VIETNAM

In Vietnam, all employees are covered by a Safety, 

Health and Environment (“SHE”) policy. 

A 

health 

and 

safety 

committee 

oversees 

the 

implementation of the SHE. Consisting of members 

from various departments, the SHE committee is 

responsible for planning, implementing and reporting 

any safety issues within their respective departments. 

Committee meetings are held monthly to discuss 

potential areas for improvement, as well as to highlight 

any unsafe practices that could potentially cause harm 

to our employees. The committee took an active role 

during the pandemic to ensure that appropriate safety 

measures were put in place to prevent the spread of 

the virus and to comply with new laws and regulations 

with respect to safety.

In the event that there is an incident, corrective actions 

are discussed by the committee and measures will be 

taken, using the hierarchy of control, to reduce the 

risk of such incidents from occurring again. Vietnam’s 

SHE policy is reviewed annually to ensure its continued 

relevance to our operations. 

Employees play an active role in safety within 

Food Empire Vietnam. Through the Safety Training 

Observation Programme (“STOP”), employees are 

encouraged to identify and report unsafe actions in 

the workplace. Additionally, SHE talks are organised 

between management and employees to discuss safety 

best practices and increase the employees’ awareness 

about potential hazards in the workplace.

Annually, all employees in Vietnam are required to 

attend general safety training and role-specific safety 

training. New employees are required to undergo an 

occupational health and safety orientation programme 

prior to the start of their duties. Employees are also 

provided with an annual health check and health 

insurance while working for Food Empire.

The SHE policy also applies to all contractors who 

operate within Food Empire premises. Health and safety 

briefing are provided to contractors prior to work on 

site. Food Empire also ensures that all safety documents 

are in order before contractors can work on site.

This year, there were no fatalities nor injuries that 

occurred in Russia and Vietnam. This is the first time that 

Food Empire has recorded zero injuries during the year. 

This is a testament to the continual improvement to our 

health and safety practices across both countries. We 

will continue to improve our system to ensure that we 

continue to maintain our health and safety performance.

In Vietnam, measures were also implemented to 

manage the COVID-19 situation. This includes the 

implementation of a temperature taking schedule, 

requirements for employees to wear face masks within 

our premises and the introduction of work from home 

and teleconferencing arrangements for office staff. The 

measures introduced were in line with guidance and 

advisories issued by the Ministry of Health of Vietnam.

The table below provides a summary of the fatality rate, 

rates of high consequences injury and work-related 

injury rate in 2020 in Russian and Vietnam.

2019

2020

RUSSIA

VIETNAM

RUSSIA

VIETNAM

Number of hours worked 

1,441,302

2,657,392

1,416,144

2,443,525

Number of fatalities

0

0

0

0

Fatality rate

0

0

0

0

Number of high consequence injuries4

0

0

0

0

Rate of high consequence injuries

0

0

0

0

Number of work-related injuries

2

0

0

0

Work-related injury rate5

1.39

0.00

0.00

0.00

4  Under GRI, high consequence injuries refers to injuries where the worker cannot, does not, or is not expected to fully recover to 

 pre-injury health status within 6 months

5  Work-injury is calculated based on the number of injuries per 1,000,000 hours worked

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

21




CONSUMER HEALTH AND SAFETY

WHY IS CONSUMER HEALTH AND SAFETY IMPORTANT TO FOOD EMPIRE? 

 [GRI 103-1]

As a food manufacturing business, the health and safety of our customers with respect to our products is key. A 

mismanagement of this issue can result in a loss of reputation, as well as potential fines for breaches of relevant 

product safety laws. We make all practicable efforts to ensure that the quality and safety of our products adhere to 

local laws and meet the expectations of our consumers.

Currently, no evidence suggests that people can catch COVID-19 from food or food packaging6. However, to minimise 

any possibility of transmission, we have taken every practicable step to ensure a safe working environment for our 

employees. These measures have been introduced in addition to our existing food safety policies to ensure that our 

customers are only provided high quality and safe products for consumption.  

MANAGEMENT APPROACH [GRI 103-2]

Our food safety and quality policies are constantly reviewed to ensure that they satisfy new 

regulatory requirements and customer preferences. These policies ensure that we continue to 

produce products of the highest quality, and are implemented at country level to ensure compliance 

with local regulations. The table below outlines the policies set out in both of our operations. 

POLICY

Policies and procedures

Summary

Quality and Food Safety

• Manufacture products that meet or exceeds our quality and food safety standards 

and statutory and regulatory requirements

• Develop and implement the Quality Management System and Product Safety 

System and validate their effectiveness through internal and external verification 

processes

• Engage with vendors on their quality systems and specifications for inspection, 

handling, storage, and despatch of raw materials and packaging materials

• Communicate with consumers on product storage and other consumer guidelines

RUSSIA

Policies and procedures

Summary

Food Safety Policy

• Outline food safety and quality management system and guidelines to meet the 

food safety standard

Quality manual

• Set out the key steps in quality control procedures

Good manufacturing 

practices (“GMP”) manual

• Provide guidance on best practices in manufacturing process to ensure the health 

and safety of our product

Supplier control manual

• Outline the controls to ensure the quality of the supply 

Warehouse standard 

manual

• Set out the requirements for safe storage; for example; hygiene practices, 

humidity level and temperature. 

Transportation manual

• Provide guidelines to our drivers on how to maintain the quality of our supply and 

product during transportation

VIETNAM

6  World Health Organisation: Coronavirus disease (COVID-19): Food safety for consumers - https://www.who.int/news-room/q-a-

 detail/coronavirus-disease-covid-19-food-safety-for-consumers

Target

FY2020 performance

Zero confirmed incidents of non-compliance with all 

applicable laws and regulations concerning consumer  

health and safety.



  Achieved

TARGETS

STRENGTHENING CONNECTIONS

22




7  These certifications relate to the entity FES Products LLC in Russia, whose principal activities include the manufacturing and distribution of 

 our products.

INITIATIVES AND PERFORMANCE  

[GRI 103-3] [416-1] [416-2] [417-2]

RUSSIA

In Russia, our Food Safety and Quality Management system 

is certified by the GOST standards. These standards are a 

regulatory requirement for food manufacturers in Russia. 

The table below summarises our current food safety and 

quality certifications7.

Standards-certified

Description of standard

GOST8 R ISO 22000-

2019 (ISO 22000: 2018)

Food Safety 

Management Systems

This standard sets out the 

requirements for a food 

safety management system 

and maps out what an 

organisation needs to do to 

demonstrate its ability to 

control food safety hazards 

and ensure food safety.

GOST ISO 9001-2015  

(ISO 9001:2015)

Quality Management 

Systems – 

Requirements

This standard sets out the 

criteria for an effective 

quality management system 

and it is designed to help 

organisations ensure that 

they meet the needs of 

stakeholders, and statutory 

requirements.

We assess the health and safety impact of our products 

across our lifecycle. This assessment is done through 

our management system and is done to ensure that we 

maintain zero non-compliance with all applicable laws 

and regulation concerning consumer health and safety 

in this reporting period. We constantly take feedback 

from our stakeholders and implement all practicable 

improvements to our manufacturing process to ensure 

its safety and quality.

VIETNAM 

In Vietnam, our Food Safety and Quality Management 

system is certified and in accordance with the requirement 

prescribed in ISO 22000:2005. To ensure continued 

compliance with the standards, policies and practices in 

Vietnam have been updated to strengthen the quality 

control of products.

Standards-certified

Description of standard

ISO 22000: 2005

Food Safety and 

Quality Management 

Systems

This standard sets out the 

requirements for a food 

safety management system 

and maps out what an 

organisation needs to do to 

demonstrate its ability to 

control food safety hazards 

and ensure food safety.

An integrated team from the various operating units of 

Food Empire Vietnam is involved in ensuring compliance 

to the Group’s food safety standards. The team is 

responsible for tracking and reviewing the performance 

in Vietnam to ensure that quality in our products is 

upheld. Relevant members of the team also undergo 

annual trainings such as ISO certification training, GMP 

training, and hazard analysis and critical control points 

(“HACCP”) training.

Furthermore, we conduct supplier audits annually to review 

the food safety performance of our suppliers. This allows us 

to maintain our high standards of food safety management 

across our entire supply chain. A comprehensive assessment 

was performed to identify operational prerequisite 

programmes (“ORP”) and critical control point (“CCP”) in 

our key processing steps. Robust monitoring procedures 

are implemented in these ORPs and CCPs to maintain the 

highest standards of our products.

There were no cases of non-compliance with all applicable 

laws and regulations concerning consumer health and 

safety in Vietnam.

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

23






OUR COMMUNITY

CSR ACTIVITIES IN SINGAPORE 

CSR ACTIVITIES IN RUSSIA 

CSR ACTIVITIES IN VIETNAM 



Food Empire Celebrates Hari Raya in Singapore During Circuit 

Breaker With Klassno and MacTea

26th May 2020, Singapore – Food Empire shares the joy and 

convenience of our instant beverages, such as Klassno Cappuccino 

coffee and MacTea, in bags of essentials that were distributed to 

needy residents in Singapore as we celebrate Hari Raya during the 

circuit breaker. We hope to bring a little smile to these families!

Food Empire

16 hrs ago



53 Comments

91 Shares

9K

Share

Comment

Like





Food Empire

13 hrs ago

Food Empire Supports Performing Arts Award at Woodgrove 

Secondary School’s Speech Day 2020 in Singapore

3rd September 2020, Singapore – Food Empire is pleased to 

support the Performing Arts Award once again at Woodgrove 

Secondary School’s Speech Day 2020. We are heartened that 

with safe distancing measures in place, Woodgrove Secondary 

students can continue to receive their awards and be recognised 

for their outstanding performances this year. Congratulations all 

award winners!

14 Comments

259 Shares

3.4K

Share

Comment

Like

MacCoffee Thank All Frontliners in Moscow Fighting COVID-19

10th April 2020, Russia – This is a difficult period for the world and 

we thank all frontliners for their sacrifice and tireless efforts to save 

lives and keep things going. As a way of saying a huge thank you, 

Food Empire’s Russia team distributed MacCoffee to four hospitals 

in Moscow to provide all staff one of the simple pleasures in life 

amidst their busy work schedule – having a cup of coffee during 

their break time.

MacCoffee

18 hrs ago



213 Comments

562 Shares

33K

Share

Comment

Like

CaféPHO

20 hrs ago







Café PHO Serving With a Smile

4th May 2020, Vietnam – With a high demand for masks in Vietnam 

amidst the COVID-19 pandemic, Food Empire’s Vietnam team has 

created masks with Café PHO logo and a happy “smile” design 

for our sales team to wear while visiting provision shops where 

our products are selling, as well as provide these masks to shop 

owners to keep them safe.

104 Comments

543 Shares

39.2K

Share

Comment

Like

STRENGTHENING CONNECTIONS

24






PLANET

In the past decade, interest in environmental sustainability has soared. In particular, 

a growing awareness of climate change and its potentially devastating impacts on 

the economy has caused more businesses to focus on reducing their energy use and 

emissions. As a business, Food Empire recognises that it has a key role to play in improving 

our resource use efficiency and reducing emissions throughout our operations.

OUR ENVIRONMENT

WHY IS THE MANAGEMENT OF ENERGY USE AND EMISSIONS IMPORTANT  

TO FOOD EMPIRE? [GRI 103-1]

The pandemic has made many businesses aware of their vulnerability to risks arising from the natural world. 

While managing COVID-19 is the immediate priority, we believe that there is still a need for businesses to focus 

on future business risks such as those arising from climate change. Climate change can significantly disrupt our 

supply chain. The coffee plant is particularly affected by climate change as yields can be impacted by the direct 

increase in temperatures, instability in precipitation as well as increases in pests in the regions where coffee 

is grown. Food Empire is fully aware of the detrimental effects of climate change and remains committed to 

improving our environmental performance.

MANAGEMENT APPROACH [GRI 103-2]

In an effort to manage our operations’ carbon footprint, Food Empire implemented 

various energy conservation initiatives at facility-level across our operations. We always 

strive to align our energy and emissions management with the various country-specific 

energy regulations and policies. 

POLICY

RUSSIA

In Russia, the “Federal Law on Energy Conservation 

and Energy Efficiency” outlines the requirement to 

reduce the intensity of companies’ electricity, heat, 

water, and gas consumption. As at end-2020 we have 

completed the replacement of our light sources to 

more efficient LED bulbs. We are currently exploring 

more opportunities to introduce new production 

equipment that is significantly more efficient in energy 

usage. With the modernization of our equipment, we 

are able to better manage our energy consumption and 

greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. 

VIETNAM 

Over the years, we have introduced gradual upgrades 

to our infrastructure to improve the energy efficiency 

of our buildings and production equipment. In addition 

to infrastructural changes, Vietnam also promotes a 

culture of energy-saving among its employees. This 

is done by closely monitoring the amount of electric 

consumption monthly and setting specific energy 

efficiency targets as part of our production’s key 

performance indicators. This has encouraged the 

adoption of many new electricity-saving initiatives by 

both production and office staff.

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

25




2,000

1,400

1,600

0.050

0.060

0.040

0.030

0.020

0.010

0.000

1,200

1,000

800

600

400

200

0

2,500

1,500

1,000

500

0

0.00

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

0.048

0.050

0.052

1,393

1,343

1,418

0.081

2,254

0.078

0.083

2,294

2,173

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

0.066

1,821

0.061

0.068

1,791

1,764

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

0.01

0.02

0.03

0.04

0.05

0.06

0.07

0.08

0.09

Energy consumption

Energy intensity

Emissions

Emissions intensity

Energy consumption

Energy intensity

Emissions

Emissions intensity

Electrical Energy Consumption (MWh)

Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions 

(tonnes CO2)

Electrical Energy Intensity

(MWh/Tonnes of product)

Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions Intensity 

(Tonnes CO2/Tonnes of product)

2,000

1,800

1,600

1,400

1,200

1,000

800

600

400

200

0

0.00

0.01

0.02

0.03

0.04

0.05

0.06

0.07

0.08

Direct Energy Consumption (GJ)

 Direct Energy Intensity

(GJ/Tonnes of product)

140

0.0060

0.0050

0.0040

0.0030

0.0020

0.0010

0.0000

120

100

80

60

40

20

0

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions 

(Tonnes)

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions Intensity 

(Tonnes CO2/Tonnes of product)

130

126

123

0.0042

0.0047

0.0049

INITIATIVES AND PERFORMANCE  

[GRI 103-3] [416-1] [416-2] [417-2]

During the reporting period, changes to operations as a result of the pandemic had a significant impact on energy use in 

Russia and Vietnam. As such, the environmental performance of Food Empire in 2020 may not be reflective of the typical 

environmental performance of Food Empire’s operations. Moving forward, Food Empire will continue to monitor its 

environmental performance closely and continue to introduce initiatives to reduce its environmental impact.

RUSSIA

In FY2020, our operations in Russia consumed a total 

of 2,173 MWh of electrical energy resulting in 1,343 

tonnes of CO2 produced (FY2019: 2,294 MWh of electrical 

energy resulting in 1,418 tonnes of CO2 produced). This 

translates to a 5% decrease in the amount of energy 

used when compared to FY2019, attributable to the 

disruptions in production faced by Russia during the 

pandemic. However, the marginal increase in electrical 

energy intensity by 7% suggests that the decrease in 

energy use was not proportionate to the sharp decrease 

in production, due to fixed energy consumption needs in 

powering our production facilities. 

8  In the FY2019 report, FY2019 direct energy consumption and its corresponding emissions for our operations in Russia were  

 

misprinted as 1,722 GJ of direct energy and 129 tonnes of CO2. We have corrected the misprint in this FY2020 report.

Additionally, we use liquefied petroleum gases (LPG) and 

motor gasoline to fuel our forklifts and company vehicles. 

In FY2020, our operations in Russia consumed a total of 

1,764 Gigajoules (GJ) of direct energy from fuels resulting 

in 126 tonnes of CO2 produced (FY2019: 1,791 GJ of 

direct energy from fuels resulting in 128 tonnes of CO2 

produced8). This was an increase in direct energy intensity 

by 11% resulting from an increase in the use of diesel in 

non-production activities such as buses to transport 

employees to reduce their exposure to COVID-19 risks.

STRENGTHENING CONNECTIONS

26




0.100

0.120

0.080

0.060

0.040

0.020

0.000

0

0

0.00

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

0.093

0.108

0.103

772

777

816

0.108

993

0.096

0.103

1,049

999

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

0.17

1,578

0.08

0.04

898

356

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

Energy consumption

Energy intensity

Emissions

Emissions intensity

Energy consumption

Energy intensity

Emissions

Emissions intensity

Electrical Energy Consumption (MWh)

Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions 

(tonnes CO2)

Electrical Energy Intensity

(MWh/Tonnes of product)

Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions Intensity 

(Tonnes CO2/Tonnes of product)

1,800

1,600

1,400

1,200

1,000

800

600

400

200

0

0.00

0.02

0.04

0.06

0.08

0.10

0.12

0.14

0.16

0.18

Direct Energy Consumption (GJ)

 Direct Energy Intensity

(GJ/Tonnes of product)

120

0.012

0.010

0.008

0.006

0.004

0.002

0.0000

100

80

60

40

20

0

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions 

(Tonnes CO2)

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions Intensity 

(Tonnes CO2/Tonnes of product)

102

23

59

0.005

0.011

0.002

200

400

800

600

1,000

1,200

0.02

0.04

0.06

0.08

0.10

0.12

100

200

300

400

500

600

700

800

900

VIETNAM

For electrical energy, in FY2020, our operations in 

Vietnam consumed a total of 999 MWh of energy 

resulting in 777 tonnes of CO2 produced (FY2019: 1,049 

MWh of energy resulting in 816 tonnes of CO2 produced). 

The total electrical energy consumption decreased by 5% 

while electrical energy intensity increased by 7% when 

compared to FY2019. The observed trend is a result of 

decreased production activities during the reporting 

period due to disruptions caused by the pandemic.

The direct energy consumed was 356 GJ resulting in 22 

tonnes of CO2 emissions in FY2020 (FY2019: 898 GJ direct 

energy consumed resulting in 59 tonnes of CO2 emissions). 

This was a significant decrease of 60% in direct energy 

consumed compared to the previous reporting period. 

The decrease was due to a change in forklift equipment 

from diesel-based machines to electricity-based machines 

in April 2020. As forklifts were the primary source of 

fuel use within Food Empire factories, the change had a 

significant impact on fuel use during the reporting period.

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

27






REPORTING FRAMEWORK 

This report was prepared in compliance with SGX-ST Listing Rule 711A and the primary components of 

Sustainability Reporting as set out in Listing Rule 711B. The Sustainability Reporting Framework applied is the 

Global Reporting Initiatives (GRI) Standards: Core option. We have chosen to report using the GRI Standards 

for its universally recognised and standardised approach in disclosing material sustainability matters. 

Reference has also been drawn from the SGX’s Practice Note 7.6 Sustainability Reporting Guide.

REPORTING PERIOD &amp; SCOPE 

The report covers information on our sustainability performance from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 

2020 (“FY2020”), with performance from the prior years (“FY2019” and “FY2018”) included for comparison 

where possible. 

This year, the reporting scope includes our key operations in Vietnam and Russia, and our headquarters in 

Singapore. The following table summarises the entities included in this 4th sustainability report. 

Country

Entities and Activities

Singapore

Future Enterprises Pte Ltd

Sales and marketing of instant food and beverages

 Russia

FES Products LLC (“FESP”)

Manufacturing and distribution of instant food and beverages

FES Impex LLC

Import/Export and trading activities in Russia

Vietnam

FES (Vietnam) Co., Ltd

Manufacturing and distribution of instant food and beverages



















ABOUT OUR REPORT

STRENGTHENING CONNECTIONS

28




As we gradually mature and progress along our Sustainability Reporting journey, we will periodically review 

and reassess for the inclusion of more of our operations in our future editions. The ultimate goal is for us 

to eventually publish a comprehensive Sustainability Report that covers the full spectrum of Food Empire 

operations. 

INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE

Independent assurance has not been sought for this report. We may consider external assurance as our 

reporting matures over time.

FEEDBACK

Food Empire is fully committed to all our stakeholders. We welcome all feedback, views and comments to 

improve our sustainability practices and reporting process. Please address your views and suggestions to 

corporate@foodempire.com.

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

29


APPENDIX A: ENVIRONMENT DATA REPORTING METHODOLOGY

This 

section 

explains 

the 

boundaries 

and 

calculation 

methodologies used in the computation of Food Empire’s 

energy and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions data.

REPORTING BOUNDARY

Operations in Vietnam and Russia has been included in the 

scope for environmental performance. As the headquarters in 

Singapore is limited to corporate support function, they were 

deemed to be insignificant and are excluded from the reporting 

boundary.

APPROACH

Food Empire adopts the Operational Control Approach, 

as outlined in the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard, to 

determine 

organisational 

boundaries. 

This 

attributes 

accountability for the GHG emissions from operations over 

which the organisation has control. 

ENERGY CONSUMPTION

Energy consumption within Food Empire includes both fuel 

(including LPG, Diesel and Gasoline) and use of electricity from 

the grid. 

For fuel use, energy consumption is expressed in Gigajoules 

(GJ). Energy use is calculated using the Net Calorific Value as 

prescribed by IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas 

Inventory (2006).

a. Diesel – 43 Terajoules/Gigagrams

b. Motor Gasoline – 44.3 Terajoules/Gigagrams

c. Liquid Petroleum Gas – 47.3 Terajoules/Gigagrams

For purchased electrical energy use, energy consumption is 

expressed in Megawatt hours (MWh) and values are obtained 

directly from invoices.

Intensity metrics are expressed as Gigajoules per tonnes of 

product and Megawatts per tonnes of product.

GHG EMISSIONS

Scope 1 emissions are calculated from the direct consumption 

of LPG and diesel in Vietnam, and consumption of gasoline and 

diesel in Russia, expressed in tonnes of CO2. 

Scope 1 emissions were calculated using the CO2 emission 

factors as prescribed by IPCC Guidelines for National 

Greenhouse Gas Inventory (2006).

a. Diesel – 74.1 Tonnes of CO2/ Terajoules

b. Motor Gasoline – 69.3 Tonnes of CO2/ Terajoules

c. Liquid Petroleum Gas – 63.1 Tonnes of CO2/ Terajoules

Scope 2 emissions are calculated from the consumption of grid 

electricity in Vietnam and Russia, expressed in tonnes of CO2. 

Scope 2 emissions were calculated using the grid emissions 

factors as prescribed by the Institute of Global Environmental 

Strategies (“IGES”) 2019; for Vietnam (0.777kg CO2/kWh) and 

Russia (0.618kg CO2/kWh)

Intensity metrics are expressed as tonnes of CO2 per tonnes 

of product.

APPENDIX B: GRI CONTENT INDEX

GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference(s)

Reasons for Omission

Page

General Disclosures

Organisational Profile

102-1

Name of the organisation

Board Statement

-

1

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

About Food Empire;  

About Our Report

-

3-5, 36

102-3

Location of headquarters

About Food Empire;  

About Our Report

-

3-5, 36

102-4

Location of operations

About Food Empire;  

About Our Report

-

3-5, 36

102-5

Ownership and legal form

-

Annual Report 2020

-

102-6

Markets served

About Our Business

-

3-5

102-7

Scale of the organisation

About Our Report

-

3-5

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Our Employment Practices

-

16-17

102-9

Supply chain

Economic Resilience

-

7 – 8

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain

-

Annual Report 2020

-

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

Precautionary approach is taken with regard to sustainability 

management and reporting.

102-12

External initiatives

Our Community

-

28 – 31

102-13

Membership of associations

-

Not applicable

-

STRENGTHENING CONNECTIONS

30


GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference(s)

Reasons for 

Omission

Page

Material Topic: Anti-corruption

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

Our Business Ethics

-

13 – 14

103-2

The management approach and its components

Our Business Ethics

-

13 – 14

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Our Business Ethics

-

13 – 14

Anti-corruption

205-2

Communication and training about  

anti-corruption policies and procedures

Our Business Ethics

-

13 – 14

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and  

actions taken

Our Business Ethics

-

13 – 14

Material Topic: Energy consumption and GHG emissions

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary Our Environment

-

30

103-2

The management approach and its components

Our Environment

-

30

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Our Environment

-

30

GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference(s)

Reasons for Omission

Page

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Board Statement

-

1

Ethic and Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour

Our Business Ethics

-

13 - 14

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics

Our Business Ethics

-

13 - 14

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

Sustainability Governance

-

12

102-23

Chair of the highest governance body

Sustainability Governance

-

12

102-25

Conflicts of interest

-

Annual Report 2020

-

102-29

Identifying and managing economic, 

environmental, and social impacts

Sustainability Governance

-

12

102-32

Highest governance body’s role in sustainability 

reporting

Sustainability Governance

-

12

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Key Stakeholders

-

9 - 10

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

-

Not Applicable

-

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Key Stakeholders

-

9 - 10

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Key Stakeholders

-

9 - 10

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Key Stakeholders

-

9 - 10

Reporting Practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

-

Annual Report 2020

-

102-46

Defining report content and topic Boundaries

About Our Report

-

36

102-47

List of material topics

Materiality Assessment

-

10

102-48

Restatement of information

There has been a restatement in energy use and emissions data 

for Russia due to a misprint. See page 33 for more details.

102-49

Changes in reporting

-

Not Applicable

-

102-50

Reporting period

-

1st January 2020 – 

31st December 2020

-

102-51

Date of most recent report

-

May 2020

-

102-52

Reporting cycle

-

Annual

-

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report

Feedback

-

36

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards

About Our Report

-

36

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index

-

37 - 40

102-56

External assurance

About Our Report

Food Empire has not conducted 

external assurance for this year’s report.

FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

31


GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference(s)

Reasons for 

Omission

Page

Energy

302-1

Energy consumption within the organisation

Our Environment; Annex A: 

Environment Data Reporting 

Methodology

-

30 – 33; 

35 – 36

302-3

Energy intensity

Our Environment; Annex A: 

Environment Data Reporting 

Methodology

-

30 – 33; 

35 – 36

Emissions

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Our Environment; Annex A: 

Environment Data Reporting 

Methodology

-

30 – 33; 

35 – 36

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

Our Environment; Annex A: 

Environment Data Reporting 

Methodology

-

30 – 33; 

35 – 36

305-4

GHG emissions intensity

Our Environment; Annex A: 

Environment Data Reporting 

Methodology

-

30 – 33; 

35 – 36

Material Topic: Consumer health and safety

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary Consumer Health and Safety

-

25 - 27

103-2

The management approach and its components

Consumer Health and Safety

-

25 - 27

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Consumer Health and Safety

-

25 - 27

Customer Health and Safety

416-1

Assessment of the health and safety impacts of 

product and service categories

Consumer Health and Safety

-

25 - 27

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health 

and safety impacts of products and services

Consumer Health and Safety

-

25 - 27

Marketing and Labelling

417-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning product 

and service information and labelling

Consumer Health and Safety

-

25 - 27

Material Topic: Occupational health and safety

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary Occupation Health and Safety

-

20 – 24

103-2

The management approach and its components

Occupation Health and Safety

-

20 – 24

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Occupation Health and Safety

-

20 – 24

Occupational Health and Safety

403-1

Occupation health and safety management system Our Workforce Health and Safety

-

20 – 24

403-2

Hazard identification, risk assessment and 

incident investigation

Our Workforce Health and Safety

-

20 – 24

403-3

Occupation health services

Our Workforce Health and Safety

-

20 – 24

403-4

Worker participation, consultation, and 

communication on occupational heatlh and safety

Our Workforce Health and Safety

-

20 – 24

403-5

Worker training on occupational health and safety Our Workforce Health and Safety

-

20 – 24

403-6

Promotion of worker health

Our Workforce Health and Safety

-

20 – 24

403-7

Prevention and mitigation of occupational health 

and safety impacts directly linked by business 

relationships

Our Workforce Health and Safety

-

20 – 24

403-9

Work-related injuries

Our Workforce Health and Safety

20 – 24

Material Topic: Employment Practices

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Our Employment Practices

-

15 - 19

103-2

The management approach and its components

Our Employment Practices

-

15 - 19

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Our Employment Practices

-

15 - 19

Employment

401-1

New employee hires and turnover

Our Employment Practices

-

15 - 19

103-2

Benefits provided to full-time employees that 

are not provided to temporary or part-time 

employee

Our Employment Practices

-

15 - 19

STRENGTHENING CONNECTIONS

32





FOOD EMPIRE HOLDINGS LIMITED

31 Harrison Road, #08-01, Food Empire Building, Singapore 369649

T (65) 6622 6900   F (65) 6744 8977

www.foodempire.com

