















1



ABOUT THIS REPORT

The Board of Directors of Forise International Limited (the “Board”) is pleased to present

our inaugural Sustainability Report.

The Company’s sustainability report is prepared in compliance with the requirements of

SGX-ST Listing Rules 711A and 711B, and in accordance with the Global Reporting

Initiative (GRI) G4 reporting guidelines, at Core level. Corresponding to G4’s emphasis on

materiality, the report highlights the key environmental, social and governance related

initiatives carried out throughout the 12-month period, from 1 January to 31 December

2017.

Recognising the importance of sustainability, the Management leads sustainability efforts

at the Company. The Management reports directly to the Board, which has considered

sustainability issues as part of its strategic formulation, determined the material ESG

factors and overseen the management and monitoring of these factors.

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as

this enables us to improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments

and suggestions to contact@foriseinternational.com.


2





ORGANIZATIONAL PROFILE

Forise International Limited (formerly known as Great Group Holdings Limited) was

incorporated on 29 February 2008 and listed on the Main Board of the Singapore

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (SGX) on 25 September 2009.

Following the complete disposal of the garment manufacturing business and cessation of

garment trading business in FY2017, the strategic direction of the Group is to focus on the

development of its corporate advisory services, asset and wealth management services and

commercial factoring business.








3





STAKEHOLDERS AND MATERIALITY

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders

and material aspects relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key

stakeholders are also taken into account when formulating corporate strategies. These key

stakeholders include, but are not limited to, customers, suppliers, employees, investors,

and regulators. We adopt both formal and informal channels of communication to

understand the needs of key stakeholders, and incorporate these into our corporate

strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships.

The table below sets out our engagement with our stakeholders:

Stakeholders

Engagement Platforms










































4

MATERIAL ASPECTS ASSESSMENT

We conducted a materiality assessment during the year with the help of an external

consultant. Going forward, materiality review will be conducted every year, incorporating

input from the stakeholder engagements.

To determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy,

environment and society and the influence on the stakeholders. Senior management took

part along with our consultant. Aspects were identified and prioritised through internal

workshops, peer reviews and social impact assessments at site level. Applying the guidance

from GRI, we have identified the following material aspects:

























ECONOMIC

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

Forise firmly believes that focus on sustainability is critical and that it offers attractive

opportunities. Companies that are best-in-class when it comes to operating in a sustainable

way will be able to provide superior products and services and recruit the best employees,

thereby outperforming their competitors longer-term.

We are fully committed to the highest standards of corporate governance. The Company’s

basic principle is that long-term profitability and shareholder value is ensured by taking

into account the interests of stakeholders, such as shareholders, employees, suppliers,

government, media, local communities and society as a whole.


5

We will:

•

comply with all local and national legislation in each country of operation,

•

continuously improve our social, environmental and economic impact,

•

analyse risks, formulate objectives and have adequate processes to manage and

monitor control risks,

•

adhere to the UN Global Compact (a voluntary initiative based on businesses’

commitments to implement universal sustainability principles and to undertake

partnerships in support of UN goals) and its ten principles as well as the OECD

guidelines for Multinational Enterprises (which provide voluntary principles and

standards for responsible business conduct consistent with applicable laws),

•

encourage and promote diversity in our organizations, and

•

have an active dialog with our stakeholders such as trading partners and shareholders.

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our Annual Report

2017:

• Financial Highlights, page 4

• Financial Review, pages 5 to 6

• Financial Statements, page 32 to 94

RESPONSIBLE ADIVSORY SERVICES

Forise considers Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) as an important lever for

value creation. We also believe that our investment practices and advisory services have

impact on society and are committed to promoting sustainable development.

Environment, Governance, Internal Controls, Social and Health and Safety and Human

Capital are some of the areas assessed by deal teams and considered by our Board of

Directors as part of the investment decision making process. In addition, various best

practices processes are discussed with management for implementation in the areas of

business

conduct,

management

reporting,

financial

planning

and

analysis,

cash

management, internal controls and risk management, amongst others.


6

Thus, when providing advisory services to clients or making decisions on what to invest,

we will invest in industries which are eco-friendly or morally ethical and also encourage

our clients to do the same. If clients have specific requests to invest in companies with

undesirable ESG factors, Forise may choose to turn down the transaction or re-assess the

relationship.



ENVIRONMENT

Forise’s direct environmental impact is limited, but we always strive to avoid unnecessary

impact on the environment and to further reduce environmental impact.

ENERGY CONSUMPTION

Forise, as a group, is committed to energy efficiency. In order to manage energy effectively,

our offices adopted the following measures:

1. Installed energy-efficient LED light bulbs,

2. Encouraged employees to practise energy-saving initiatives (i.e. turn off the lights

when not in use),

3. Printing of paper is minimised, recycle paper for internal usage purposes, electronic

mail is used.

SERVICE PROVIDER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT

Forise will continue to reduce its environmental impact and to encourage its stakeholders,

such as service providers and trading partners, to meet the same expectations. Going

forward, Forise will regularly conducted annual evaluation of key service providers. Many

of our clients now demand that we comply with anti-child labour laws and refrain from the

use of non-eco-friendly materials which we will in due course require from our suppliers.

In addition to questions about child labour and the use of non-eco-friendly materials, in

2018 Forise will ask key suppliers on their policies on monitoring and managing their

supply chain with regards to environmental issues, their policies that promote efficient use

of resources, ethics, training and any cases of non-compliance on environmental or safety

issues.


7





SOCIAL

DIVERSITY AND FAIR EMPLOYMENT

We embrace diversity, and at the same time expect employees to be aligned with group’s

vision and strategic initiatives. The age of our staff ranges from 20s to 50s. The ratio of

male to female staff is almost 1:1.

Forise ensures compliance with labour and employment laws, including working hours.

Furthermore, through our Code of Conduct, it is also stated that no colleagues should be

discriminated against because of age, gender, national origin, disability, religion, sexual

orientation, marital or maternity status, union membership or political opinion, among

others. Non-compliance in relation to discrimination is reportable to the manager, HR or

through our whistleblowing system.

We give preference to the hiring of local talent. We are committed to providing competitive

remuneration and benefits to our employees. We are also committed to safeguarding our

employees’ health and safety against any potential workplace hazards. There have been no

work place incidents for FY2017.

TRAINING AND EDUCATION

Forise understands that there is a continuous need to upgrade staff skills and knowledge.

This is beneficial to the staff development and also to the Company. Thus, staff are

encouraged to go for courses and seminars to keep themselves updated of the latest rules

and regulations and the market investment trends. Senior Management team aims to go

for training at least once every quarter.





No. of

Employees:

12

No. of

Employees:

12


8

CONTRIBUTION TO SOCIETY

Forise believes in being socially responsible and we are actively involved in corporate social

responsibility projects. These projects including reaching out to the less fortunate people

and extending a helping hand to them. We visit old folk’s home / children’s home regularly

and also regularly donate food items to them. The most recent visit was to a cerebral palsy

rehabilitation centre in October 2017. The centre provides special education, rehabilitation

services, day activity centre programmes and training to persons with cerebral palsy and

related disabilities.










9





GOVERNANCE

In 2017, we complied with the Code of Corporate Governance. Please refer to the Annual

Report pages 13 to 30 on our Corporate Governance Statement.

Forise has a zero-tolerance stance for corruption. In our dealings with our clients, we

require our employees to strictly uphold the Company’s policy on anti-corruption/bribery.

We may also ask our service providers through a service provider questionnaire on whether

they have anti-corruption/bribery policies with respect to dealings with their upstream

service providers.

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT (ERM)

ERM is an integral part of good corporate governance as well as resource management. A

thorough and comprehensive ERM framework enables Forise to identify, communicate

and manage its risks and exposures in an integrated, systematic and consistent manner.

In FY 2017, subsequent to the complete disposal of the remaining fixed assets and

subsidiaries in the contract manufacturing business, and with the development and

expansion of our corporate advisory business, the Group engaged an external professional

to assist in kick-starting its Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) framework, based on

the framework proposed by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway

Commission (“COSO”). The ERM framework is designed to enable Management to identify

areas of significant business risks (including the operational, financial and compliance

risks of key operating units in the Group) as well as to take or put in place appropriate

counter measures to control and mitigate these risks.

The Group reviews all significant control policies and procedures and highlights all

significant matters to the Board and the Audit Committee (“AC”), being the parties

primarily responsible for the governance of risk across the Group. The Group’s risk profile

will be reviewed by the Board and the AC annually to ensure regular assessment and update

of the Group’s key risks, determine appropriate risk appetite, how risks are managed and

mitigated, the key persons responsible for each identified key risk and the assurance

mechanism in place. This allows the Board and the AC to address on-going changes and

challenges in the business environment with a view to reducing uncertainties and

enhancing shareholder value.
















