
 

 

 





 

 

 

 

 





 



SUSTAINABILITY REPORT  

2019 








1 

 



The Board of Directors of Forise International Limited (the “Board”) is pleased to present our Sustainability 

Report for our financial year ended 31 December 2019 (“FY2019”). 

 

This report is prepared in compliance with the requirements of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Rules 711A and 711B and references the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 

Standards, Core option. Forise International Limited has chosen the GRI framework as it is one of the most 

established international sustainability reporting standards. The report highlights the key economic, 

environmental, social and governance related initiatives carried out throughout the 12-month period, 

from 1 January to 31 December 2019. 

 

Recognising the importance of sustainability, the Executive Committee (EMCO) leads sustainability efforts 

at Company. The EMCO reports directly to the Board, which has considered sustainability issues as part 

of its strategic formulation, determined the material EESG factors and overseen the management and 

monitoring of these factors. 

 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables us 

to improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and suggestions to 

contact@foriseinternational.com. 

 

22 April 2020 

 

Forise International Limited (formerly known as Great Group Holdings Limited) was incorporated on 29 

February 2008 and listed on the Main Board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (SGX) 

on 25 September 2009. 

 

Following the divestment of the garment trading business and cessation of inactive subsidiaries in FY2019, 

the strategic direction of the Group is to focus on the development of strategic planning, corporate 

advisory, financial restructuring and solution and management consultancy services. In view of the growth 

and potential applications of digital transformation in the new economy, the Group has entered into a 

joint venture with Prisma AI Corporation Pte. Ltd. in October 2019 and incorporated a subsidiary 

corporation, Prisma Technologies Pte. Ltd.   

 

 

 

 


 

2 



OUR SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY 

 

 

 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT  

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and material 

aspects relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken into 

account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, but are not limited to, 

customers, suppliers, employees, investors, and regulators. We adopt both formal and informal channels 

of communication to understand the needs of key stakeholders and incorporate these into our corporate 

strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships. 

 

The table below sets out our engagement with our stakeholders: 

Stakeholders 

 

Engagement and 

Communication 

Channels 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Key concerns and 

expectations 

Our Responses and Actions  

 

Clients 

Email queries  

 

Customer visit  

 

Information discourse  

Ad-hoc 

Compliance operation 

Provide quality services 

Rights protection  

 

Establish a two-way 

communication mechanism with 

customers  

Customer satisfaction feedback 

Employees  

Open dialogues among 

teams  

 

Internal memorandum 

 

Relevant Information 

disclosure  

Yearly / Ad-hoc 

Guarantee their basic rights and 

interests 

Offer suggestions for enterprise 

development 

Develop employee capabilities 

and promote career development  

Sense of belongings and 

recognition  

 

Share the development 

achievements with the Company  

Protection of employee lawful 

rights and interests 

Create a good working 

environment 

Provide relevant training to 

employees 

Promote the reward system for 

rational proposals 

Increase input in employees’ 

occupational health 

 

Career planning and development 

path  

 

Local 

Communities 

Official website 

 

Yearly / 

Periodical 

Serve community development  

Work for public benefit 

Drive employment and local 

economic development 




3 

 



Stakeholders 

 

Engagement and 

Communication 

Channels 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Key concerns and 

expectations 

Our Responses and Actions  

 

 

Sustainability Report  

Various social and charity 

events 

Create job opportunities  

 

Help poor and disadvantaged 

group  

 

Volunteer CSR activities 

 

Government 

and regulators 

 

Face-to-face meetings  

 

Regular reports  

 

Participation in discussions  

Periodical 

Abide with laws and regulations 

Service national economic 

development 

 

Pay taxes 

Regular reporting to the 

government 

Realize prudent operation 

 

Service 

providers  

 

Face-to-face meetings  

 

Annual review and 

feedback sessions  

 

Contracts and agreements 

Yearly / Ad-hoc 

Realize fair and transparent 

procurement 

Promote joint development 

 

2-way communication with service 

providers and work closely to 

improve the quality of service 

Investors/ 

Shareholders  

 

Group Annual Report  

 

Annual General Meeting  

 

Quarterly result briefings  

 

Informal discussion  

Quarterly / 

yearly 

Enhance earning capacity 

Improve corporate governance 

structure  

Perform the obligation of 

information disclosure 

Realize healthy growth 

Establish shareholder 

communication mechanism 

Issue annual report on a regular 

basis 

Media / SGX  

Quarterly result 

 

Announcements  

Quarterly and 

ad-hoc 

Timely communication to public 

/regulators 

Release quarterly result and other 

announcements in timely manner 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


4 

 



MATERIAL ASPECTS ASSESSMENT  

We conducted a materiality review every year and incorporating inputs from the stakeholder 

engagements. 

 

To determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, environment and 

society and the influence on the stakeholders.  Senior management took part along with our assessments. 

Aspects were identified and prioritised through internal workshops, peer reviews and social impact 

assessments at site level.  Applying the guidance from GRI, we have identified the following material 

aspects: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Material 

Aspects



Social

- Diversity and equal opportunity

- Training and education 

- Local Communities

- Socioeconomic compliance 



Economic

- Economic performance

- Anti-corruption



Governance

- Business ethics and compliance

- Enterprise risk management



Environmental

- Energy 

- Service provider environmental assessment


5 

 



 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

Forise considers Economic, Environment, Social and Governance (EESG) as an important lever for value 

creation. We also believe that our investment practices and advisory services have impact on society and 

are committed to promoting sustainable development.  

 

Environment, Governance, Internal Controls, Social and Health and Safety and Human Capital are some 

of the areas assessed by deal teams and considered by our Board of Directors as part of the investment 

decision-making process. In addition, various best practices processes are discussed with management 

for implementation in the areas of business conduct, management reporting, financial planning and 

analysis, cash management, internal controls and risk management, amongst others.  

 

Thus, when providing advisory services to clients or making decisions on what to invest, we will invest in 

industries which are eco-friendly or morally ethical and also encourage our clients to do the same. If clients 

have specific requests to invest in companies with undesirable EESG factors, Forise may choose to turn 

down the transaction or re-assess the relationship.  

 

Notwithstanding of the economy slowdown in China market, we will continue to focus and develop on 

the business of corporate advisory services. 

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our Annual Report 2019: 

• Financial Highlights, page 4 

• Financial Review, page 5 - 6 

• Financial Statements, page 32 - 98 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

Forsie has a zero-tolerance stance on corruption. In our dealings with our clients, we require our 

employees to strictly uphold company the Company’s policy on anti-corruption, fraud, whistle-blowing 

bribery clauses. Employees have been informed of such policies via internal memo and employment 

contracts.  

 

There have also been no reported incidents of corruption during the reporting period (FY2018: Nil).  

 

Our goal is to maintain zero incident of corruption. We will review the anti-corruption and whistle-blowing 

policies regularly and update all employees of the policies on yearly basis. 

 

 


6 

 



Forise’s direct environmental impact is limited, but we always strive to avoid unnecessary impact on the 

environment and to further reduce environmental impact. 

 

ENERGY 

Forise, as a group, is committed to energy efficiency. In order to manage energy effectively, our offices 

adopted the following measures: 

1. Installed LED energy saving bulbs, 

2. Encouraged employees to practise energy-saving initiatives, we use energy only when needed (i.e., 

turn off the lights when not in use), 

3. Printing of paper is minimised and print only when necessary, recycle paper for internal usage 

purposes, electronic mail is used. 

 

We will continue to use energy on required basis and avoid wastage. 

 

SERVICE PROVIDER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT 

Forise will continue to reduce its environmental impact and to encourage its stakeholders, such as service 

partners and trading partners, to meet the same expectations. We have been using reputable mid-tier 

firms who are environmental friendly. 

 

Going forward, Forise will regularly conduct annual evaluation of key service providers. Many of our clients 

now demand that we comply with anti-child labour laws and refrain from the use of non-eco-friendly 

materials which we will in due course pass on to our service providers. 

 

In addition to questions about child labour and the use of non-eco-friendly materials, Forise will ask key 

service providers on their policies in monitoring and managing their supply chain with regards to 

environmental issues, their policies that promote efficient use of resources, ethics, training and any cases 

of non-compliance on environmental or safety issues. We ensure that all new suppliers are screened and 

selected with taking into consideration of environmental criteria in FY2020. 

 


7 

 



 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY  

We embrace diversity, and at the same time expect employees to be aligned with group’s vision and 

strategic initiatives. The age of our staff ranges from 20s to 50s. The ratio of male to female staff is 4:3.  

 

 

 

Forise ensures compliance with labour and employment laws, including working hours. Furthermore, 

through the Code of Conduct, it is also stated that no colleagues should be discriminated against because 

of age, gender, national origin, disability, religion, sexual orientation, marital or maternity status, union 

membership or political opinion, among others. Non-compliance in relation to discrimination was 

reportable to the manager, human resources or through our whistleblowing system. 

 

We give preference to the hiring of local talent. We are committed to providing competitive remuneration 

and benefits to our employees. We are also committed to safeguarding our employees’ health and safety 

against any potential workplace hazards. There has been no work place incidents for FY2019 (FY2018: Nil).  

 

We aim to maintain zero incidents of complaints on discrimination and continue to have diversity and 

equal opportunity to employees.  

 

4

3



Gender

Male

Female

2

5



Age

&lt; 30 years old

30 to 50 years old

2019:

&lt;30: 29%

30-50: 71%

2018:

&lt;30: 25%

30-50: 42%

&gt;50: 33% 

2019: 

57% Male 

43% Female 

 

2018: 

50% Male 

50% Female 


8 

 



TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

Forise understands that there is a continuous need to upgrade staff skills and knowledge. This is beneficial 

to the staff development and also to the Company. Thus, staff are encouraged to go for courses and 

seminars to keep themselves updated of the latest rules and regulations and the market investment 

trends. Senior Management team goes for training at least once every quarter.   

 

We aim to continue providing relevant trainings to our employees in upcoming years. 

 

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE   

Forise firmly believes that focus on sustainability is critical and that it offers attractive opportunities. 

Companies that are best-in-class when it comes to operating in a sustainable way will be able to provide 

superior products and services and recruit the best employees, thereby outperforming their competitors 

longer-term.  

 

We are fully committed to the highest standards of corporate governance. The company’s basic principle 

is that long-term profitability and shareholder value is ensured by taking into account the interests of 

stakeholders, such as shareholders, employees, suppliers, government, media, local communities and 

society as a whole. 

 

We will: 

• 

comply with all local and national legislation in each country of operation,  

• 

continuously improve our social, environmental and economic impact,  

• 

analyse risks, formulate objectives and to have adequate processes to manage and monitor 

control risks,  

• 

adhere to the UN Global Compact (a voluntary initiative based on businesses’ commitments to 

implement universal sustainability principles and to undertake partnerships in support of UN 

goals) and its ten principles as well as the OECD guidelines for Multinational Enterprises (which 

provide voluntary principles and standards for responsible business conduct consistent with 

applicable laws),  

• 

encourage and promote diversity in our organizations, and  

• 

have an active dialog with our stakeholders such as trading partners and shareholders. 

 

Our objective is to maintain zero incident of non-compliance and continue to be in compliance with socio-

economic laws and regulations 

 


9 

 



LOCAL COMMUNITIES 

Forise believes in being socially responsible and we are actively involved in corporate social responsibility 

(“CSR”) projects. These projects include reaching out to the less fortunate and extending a helping hand 

to them. In our recent years’ CSR projects, we had visited Lee Ah Mooi Old age home in November 2018, 

we had arranged lunch catering for the residents and staff and had interacted with the residents during 

the events. In addition, both Forise and its employees had contributed some donation and the proceeds 

of such donation were used to buy some groceries for the residents of the old age home. Back in October 

2017, our Tianjin WFOE team had visited a cerebral palsy rehabilitation centre and made donation of 

certain medical and sanitisation supplies. The centre provides special education, rehabilitation services, 

day activity centre programmes and training to persons with cerebral palsy and related disabilities.  

 

We intend to continue supporting various community projects, to do our parts to contribute to society 

and the environment.    

 

 

 

 

AWARDS 

We have been awarded Singapore 1000 Company - Public Listed Companies 2019.  

 


10 

 



 

In FY2019, we complied with the Code of Corporate Governance. Please refer to the Annual Report pages 

13 to 31 on our Corporate Governance Statement. 

 

We will continue to comply with the Code of Corporate Governance and meet all requirements that are 

expected of us by our stakeholders. 

 

BUSINESS ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE 

When it comes to hiring, we seriously take any possibility of conflict of interest into consideration. Our 

Code of Conduct clearly outlines our expectations regarding employees’ behaviour towards their 

colleagues, supervisors and overall organization, and consequences if any of the rules are violated or 

standards not met. 

 

We also expect our employees to foster a well-organized, respectful and collaborative environment.  

 

Employees of the Company are bound by their contracts to follow our Employee Code of Conduct while 

performing their duties. The components of our code of conduct mainly comprise of compliance of law, 

respect of workplace, protection of company property and professionalism. 

 

Our target is to ensure all allegation received are promptly addressed and to maintain zero incidents of 

non-compliance.    

 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT (ERM) 

ERM is an integral part of good corporate governance as well as resource management. A thorough and 

comprehensive ERM framework enables Forise to identify, communicate and manage its risks and 

exposures in an integrated, systematic and consistent manner. For detailed disclosure on ERM, please 

refer to our Annual Report, pages 24 to 25. 

 

We will regularly review the ERM policies to ensure all relevant risks are identified, communicated and 

addressed timely. 

 

 

 


11 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

Forise International Limited 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

Sustainability Report (SR) page 1 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Singapore 

102-4 

Location of operations 

China 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report (“AR”) page  

102-6 

Markets served 

China 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

AR page 7 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

SR page 7 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Not applicable 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

None  

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Forise 

does 

not 

specifically 

address 

the 

precautionary approach. 

102-12 

External initiatives 

SR page 9 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Member of Singapore Business Federation 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

SR page 1 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of behaviour 

SR page 10 

102-18 

Governance structure 

AR page 13 to 31 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR page 2 to 3 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR page 2 to 3 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR page 2 to 3 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR page 2 to 3 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

AR page 7 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

SR page 2 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR page 4 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

None 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None  

102-50 

Reporting period 

1 Jan to 31 Dec 2019 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

23 April 2019 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the report 

SR page 1 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

This report was guided by the GRI standards, Core 

option.  

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR page 11 to 12 

102-56 

External Assurance 

We may seek external assurance in the future. 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

SR page 5 

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

SR page 5 

GRI 302: Energy  

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organization 

SR page 6 

GRI 308: Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment 

308-1 

New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria 

SR page 6 

GRI 404: Training and 

Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employee 

SR page 8 

 

 

 

 


12 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 405: Diversity and 

equal opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

SR page 7 

GRI 413: Local 

Communities 

413-1 

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programs 

SR page 9 

GRI 419: Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and 

economic area 

SR page 8 

 

 

 

