
 

 

 

 

 

 

 



FUJI OFFSET PLATES 

MANUFACTURING LTD 

Sustainability Report FY2020 

 




 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2020  

- 1 - 

 

Board Statement 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) is pleased to present the Group’s Sustainability 

Report (the “Report”) for financial year ended 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”).  

The Report highlights the key Economic, Environmental, Social and Governance 

(“EESG”) related initiatives carried out by the Group for FY2020. The Report  re-affirms 

the Group’s continuous efforts on managing and collaborating with our business 

partners on sustainability issues to enhance the Group’s economic, environmental and 

social objectives.  

The Board oversees the identification, management and monitoring of material 

sustainability topics by Management and takes them into consideration in determining 

the Group’s overall strategy, objectives and operations.  

The Board strongly believes that creating sustainable development and value for the 

Group and its stakeholders is an integral part of the Group’s strategy and operations.  

We continue to focus on improving the material sustainability topics, deemed material 

to our business and stakeholders, namely Health and Safety; Training and Education; 

Economic Performance and Reducing Energy Consumption, which we had identified 

in our first three years’ reports for financial years ended 31 December 2017, 2018 and 

2019.  

However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on the economy and 

competition, Economic Performance and Reducing Energy Consumption (per Output 

in kWh/Unit) were adversely affected due to lower sales and production of printing 

cylinders. Training and Education was also adversely affected as most training was 

deferred in view of the risks involved. Nevertheless, the Company would strive to 

improving the material sustainability factors, going forward, as soon as the COVID-19 

situation stabilises.   

The Board would like to take the opportunity to thank all stakeholders who have 

contributed to our sustainability effort and will continue to strive and improve our 

products and services to our customers while considering the social and environmental 

impact to our stakeholders. The Board will also continue to take a balanced approach 

towards formulating strategies and policies which are sustainable and enhance long-

term values for our stakeholders. 

 

 

On behalf of the Board, 

 

David Teo Kee Bock 

Chairman 

28 May 2021 

 

 

 


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2020  

- 2 - 

 

About This Sustainability Report 

 

This sustainability report presents the annual sustainability performance of Fuji Offset 

Plates Manufacturing Ltd (the “Company” or “Fuji Offset”), together with all its 

subsidiaries, collectively (the “Group”), for the period 1 January 2020 to 31 December 

2020. The information in this report is organised and presented in accordance with the 

GRI Standards: Core option published in 2016 and 2018, established by the Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”). All data and information reported are with respect to the 

timeframe above unless stated otherwise. The Company has chosen GRI principles 

for its accuracy, balance, clarity, comparability, reliability and timeliness to enable 

stakeholders to assess our sustainability performance. 

 

This report aims to disclose our EESG performance against issues that are considered 

most material to our Group’s stakeholders, which includes shareholders, suppliers, 

customers, management and employees. The objective of preparing this report is to 

inform our stakeholders of the initiatives and strategies related to sustainability that we 

are currently embarking on. 

 

This report is the fourth sustainability report issued and it provides an update of the 

performance and targets on sustainability as set out in the third sustainability report for 

FY2019, which was published on the SGX website on 28 May 2020. 

 

This report is also prepared in accordance with Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Rules 711A and 711B and the relevant SGX 

Practice Notes on Sustainability Reporting Guide. Our data is reported in good faith 

and to the best of our knowledge. Currently, there is no external assurance for this 

report. 

 

A copy of this report can be found on SGXNet and the Company’s website at 

www.fopgroup.com under ‘Investors Relations’. 

 

Reporting Scope and Boundaries 

 

The content of this report is defined by the 4 Content Reporting Principles established 

by GRI as follows:  

 

  Principles   

 

 

 

Objectives 

 

 

 

 

 

Stakeholder 

Inclusiveness



Defining stakeholders and explain how the Group has 

responded to their expectations and interests.

Sustainability 

Context



Presenting the Group's performance in the wider context 

of sustainability.

Materiality



Identifying the Group's significant EESG factors.

Completeness



Disclosing significant EESG factors and boundaries to 

assess the Group's performance in the reporting period.


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2020  

- 3 - 

 

About the Group 

 

Fuji Offset is a limited liability company incorporated in Singapore and listed on the 

Catalist Board of the SGX-ST. As at 19 March 2021, approximately 17.9% of the issued 

ordinary shares of the Company is held by the public. Accordingly, the Company has 

complied with Rule 723 of the Catalist Rules. 

The principal activities of the Group are those relating to the manufacture and sale of 

gravure printing cylinders, related services in the printing industry, investments in 

commercial, industrial, hospitality, residential and/or mixed development properties 

and investment holding. 

Fuji Offset’s headquarters are in Singapore while its main operations are located in 

Johor, Malaysia where, through the subsidiary Fuji Roto Gravure Sdn Bhd (“Fuji Roto 

Gravure” or “Production Plant”), a production plant is maintained for printing cylinders. 

The Production Plant achieved an output of 14,800 printing cylinders for the year. 

The Group’s customer base spans across Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia,  serving 

wholesalers and distributors in the printing and packaging industry. 

The Group is fully committed to deliver products that are of the highest quality. 

Therefore, the Group has strict procedures for identifying, selecting and monitoring 

vendors supplying steel cylinders, printing ink and chemicals in order to assess their 

performance. 

The manufacturing processes which would include desktop publishing, balancing, 

cutting, grinding, plating, polishing, engraving and proofing amongst others, have been 

rigorously scrutinized and are certified to conform to internationally recognized 

standards such as the ISO 9001:2015 (incorporating Quality Management) that Fuji 

Roto Gravure had successfully attained. 

Fuji Offset is also a member of the Singapore Business Federation. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2020  

- 4 - 

 

Corporate Structure 

 

 

 

 

Human Resources of the Group 

 

The Company has considered gender and skill and experience as diversity indicators 

material to business sustainability. The Company’s policy on Board diversity is 

primarily to have an appropriate mix of expertise with complementary skills, core 

competencies and experience for facilitating effective decision making. 

 

Due to the size of its operations, skills and experience are mainly acquired through on-

the-job training that are considered relevant to the department the employees are 

attached to. 

 

The Group has 96 employees (inclusive of 2 temporary male employees) in its 

employment in the Singapore and Malaysia offices who fall under the following 

categories: 

 

 

 

 

 

 





69, 72%

27, 28%

Male

Female







36, 

37%

43, 

45%

17, 18%

Employees by Age 

Group



Below 30



31 to 50



Above 50


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2020  

- 5 - 

 

Mission and Vision 

 

We visualise being able to expand our operations outside of Singapore and Malaysia. 

With more than 35 years of operating history, we constantly strive to be the premium 

provider of quality steel printing cylinders. Aided by a group of highly experienced 

employees, every finished product is delivered with performance and precision. 

 

We believe in the following 4 key qualities to be found in each employee which is to be 

applied when dealing with people internally and externally: 

 

 

Corporate Governance 

 

The Board recognises the importance of corporate governance and are committed to 

ensuring the practices recommended in the revised Code of Corporate Governance 

2018 (the “Code”) are practised throughout the Group. The Company believes that 

good corporate governance provides the framework for an ethical and accountable 

corporate environment that will maximise long term shareholders’ value and protect 

the interests of shareholders. The Board will ensure that there is compliance with the 

other relevant regulations, notices, circulars, and guidelines that may be issued, from 

time to time, by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) and the SGX-ST. 

Explanations will be provided should there be any variations. 

 

The Board manages potential risks through the review and approval of policies and 

procedures. Management then ensures that the identified risks are relevant to the 

business environment and hence ensuring controls or mitigating factors are in place. 

The Audit Committee, independent of the Board, provides independent oversight of 

the effectiveness of the risk management process. 

 

The Board comprises Directors who provide core competencies in accounting and 

finance, business experience, industry knowledge, strategic planning, legal knowledge 

and customer-based experience and knowledge. Where appropriate, the Directors are 

provided with regular briefings from time to time on changes in the relevant laws and 

regulations in relation to accounting standards, Catalist Rules, corporate governance 

and other regulations or statutory requirements.  

Team Work

•Work and learn together, share knowledge and experiences so as to solve problems 

together

Initiative

•Take immediate action to identify and overcome problems

Commitment

•Passion to contribute and grow with the Group

Improvement

•Continue learning new technologies


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2020  

- 6 - 

 

The Independent and Non-Executive Directors constructively challenge and assist in 

the development of proposals on strategy, and assist the Board in reviewing the 

performance of Management in meeting agreed goals and objectives, and monitor the 

reporting of performance. Meetings are held regularly to discuss any matters without 

the presence of Management as and when circumstances require. 

 

Each key executive at the Group’s leadership is highly experienced in this industry and 

collectively as a whole, are able to competently handle all operational matters of the 

Group. 

 

Sustainability Governance 

The Sustainability Governance Structure of the Group is as follows:

 

The Sustainability Working Committee, comprising discipline-specific working groups, 

identifies possible material topics and to reach an agreement on the action plan for the 

reporting process. 

The Sustainability Steering Committee, comprising key management executives, 

provides guidance on the Group’s sustainability strategies. The Steering Committee 

reviews and reports progress for delivering targets and plans to the Board of Directors 

on the sustainability management performance of the Group and key material issues 

identified by stakeholders. The Board will then review and endorse the targets and 

plans accordingly. 

 

Anti-Corruption Practices 

 

In ensuring that all laws and regulations including those related to anti-corruption 

practices are complied with, Management has implemented a set of policy and 

procedures titled “Policy and Procedures for Reporting Possible Improprieties in 

Matters of Financial Reporting or Other Matters” to provide guidance for all employees. 

 

This is to encourage employees and external stakeholders to voice out issues that are 

not in line with the best interest of the Group to the Company Secretary as it is the 

desire and aim of the Company to develop, promote and maintain high standards of 

corporate governance within the Group. 

 

The policy applies to all Directors, officers, employees, including full-time, part-time 

and contract employees and external stakeholders of the Group and every complaint 

shall be lodged with the Audit Committee through the Company Secretary. There were 

no instances of whistle-blowing or corruption for FY2020. The Company intends to 

maintain this target for FY2021.  

 

 

 



Working Committee 



Steering Committee



Board of Directors


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2020  

- 7 - 

 

Feedback 

 

We welcome feedback as it enables continual improvement in the Group’s 

sustainability policies, processes and performance. Please send your comments and 

suggestions to contact@fopgroup.com or at the following address: 

 

Fuji Offset Plates Mfg Ltd 

2 Jalan Rajah #06-28 

Golden Wall Flatted Factory 

Singapore 329134 

(65) 6265 9111 

 

Stakeholder Engagement &amp; Materiality Assessment 

 

In developing the Report, the Steering Committee worked with both internal and 

external stakeholders to conduct a materiality assessment to identify the relevant 

EESG topics which the Group considered important. Stakeholders includes 

shareholders, suppliers, customers, management and employees.  

 

The material topics were evaluated for its potential impact on the environment and 

society, its influence on the stakeholders and impact on the Group’s operations. Based 

on the Group’s assessment where there were no significant changes in the business 

and the operating environment, the Board is of the opinion that the materiality 

assessment from FY2019 continues to be valid and relevant for the Group in FY2020, 

notwithstanding the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on the health and 

safety of our employees. 

 

As part of its ongoing engagements with key stakeholders, the Group carries out the 

following approaches: 

 

Stakeholders 

Engagement Approach 

Key Interests 







Employees 

(including 

Management) 

 Regular dialogue 

 Training programmes 

 Work related meetings and 

discussions 

 

 

 Working environment 

 Staff benefits 

 Skills development 

Customers / 

Suppliers 

 Site visit  

 Phone calls 

 Email contacts 

 Formal &amp; informal meetings 

 

 

 Ensure quality and on-

time delivery of 

products 

Shareholders 

 Shareholders Annual General 

Meeting 

 Half-yearly and full-yearly results 

announcements 

 Disclosures of information on 

matters of material impact or 

significance through SGXNET and 

other information channels 

 

 Risk management 

 Corporate governance 

 Group operations 


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2020  

- 8 - 

 

In view of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, many of these engagement approaches 

may take the form of virtual meetings or a combination of in-person cum virtual 

meetings. 

 

Feedback from our key stakeholders form a crucial part of our strategic and business 

planning and is viewed as valuable insights for the Group to continuously improve its 

sustainability performance. 

 

The Steering Committee aims to conduct an annual review of the Group’s material 

topics as well as monitor the performance of the topics as part of the Group’s 

sustainability strategy. 

 

The Group adopts a four-step process to define the material topics: 

 

 

 

 

Material Topics and Boundaries 

 

The topics reported in the FY2019 Sustainability Report were re-evaluated by the 

Steering Committee and all topics were deemed to be material to the Group for FY2020. 

As such, the Steering Committee recommended to the Board the same topics to be 

the material topics to be reported in FY2020. 

 

Material Topics 

GRI 201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

Economic Performance 

GRI 302-1 

Energy consumption within the 

organization 

Reducing Energy Usage 

for Production 

GRI 403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of work-

related fatalities 

Health and Safety of 

Employees 

GRI 404-1 

Average hours of training per year per 

employee 

Training and Education for 

Employees 

 

Identification

• Identify material topics that 

are important to the Group.

Prioritisation

• Prioritise material topics 

under the respective GRI 

Topic-specific Standards and 

identifies key sustainablity 

topics to be reported upon.  

Validation

• Validate completeness of the 

key sustainability topics to 

finalise report content.

Review

• Re-examine the material 

topics taking into 

consideration changing 

business landscape and 

emerging trends.


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2020  

- 9 - 

 

Since the Group’s operations mainly involved the printing of gravure printing cylinders, 

the EESG topics identified in this Report are mainly related to the Group’s operating 

subsidiary, Fuji Roto Gravure, located in Johor, Malaysia. 

 

 

Economic Performance (GRI 201-1) 

 

Economic performance is defined as our most material topic because our economic 

success ensures our long-term viability and enables the execution of our sustainability 

strategies. 

For FY2020, the Group recorded a profit after tax of S$1.03 million as compared with 

a profit after tax of S$1.55 million for FY2019. 

For FY2020, the Group is in a healthy financial position with revenue of S$4.02 million 

and is in a net equity position of S$30.68 million as compared to revenue of S$4.79 

million and net equity of S$29.79 million for FY2019 respectively. 

For a detailed breakdown of our FY2020 financial results, please refer to the Group’s 

Annual Report for FY2020. 

 

Reducing Energy Usage for Production (GRI 302-1) 

 

The Group recognises the importance of properly managing and regulating energy 

consumption so as to keep operational costs low and also to reduce the impact on the 

environment. As such, this topic is deemed to be material to the Group. To keep track 

of its energy consumption, there is a monitoring system in place and a group of trained 

individuals in its maintenance team at the Production Plant. 

The following graphs (based on computed electricity bill for the entire Production Plant) 

show the total energy consumption and the total output from FY2018 to FY2020.  

 

1789

1745

1629

1500

1550

1600

1650

1700

1750

1800

1850

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

Energy Used (in '000 kWh)

Energy Used


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2020  

- 10 - 

 

 

 

The graph below shows the energy consumption per output level (inclusive of energy 

consumed) at the Production Plant: 

 

 

 

While energy used for FY2020 was lower by about 6.6% as compared with FY2019, 

however, energy used per output (kWh/Unit) was higher at 110.36 as compared with 

98.73 for FY2019 mainly due to lower output of 14,760 cylinders for FY2020 as 

compared with 17,674 cylinders for FY2019. The lower output of cylinders for FY2020 

was mainly due to lower sales of printing cylinders in Malaysia mainly on account of 

the COVID-19 pandemic, the resulting economic fall-out and the intense competition. 

Due to the lower output, energy used was not proportionally reduced due to the need 

to operate on standby mode, thereby saving working hours to heat up and start 

operations as usual. Hence the significantly increased energy used per output ratio by 

about 11.8% for FY2020. 

 

18034

17674

14760

14000

14500

15000

15500

16000

16500

17000

17500

18000

18500

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

Total Output (Cylinders)

Total Output

99.22

98.73

110.36

90

95

100

105

110

115

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

Energy Used per Output (kWh / Unit)

Energy Used per Output


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2020  

- 11 - 

 

Due to the uncertainty surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic and the keen competition 

in Malaysia and Singapore on the cylinders printing business, the Group’s target to 

reduce the consumption of energy per output ratio is largely dependent on the sales 

and output of printing cylinders. This, coupled with the adoption of certain automated 

processes in the Production Plant, may result in higher consumption of energy. 

Nevertheless, the Group will target to reduce the consumption per output ratio by 

around 5% to 104.8 kWh/Unit for FY2021 by adopting the following measures: 

1. Replacing older machines. 

2. Posting reminders on the walls of the production area to remind employees to 

switch off lightings or any electrical appliances which are not in use; 

3. Setting air-conditioning at a minimum of 25 degrees Celsius; 

Overall energy consumption is analysed monthly by the Accounts Manager. Energy 

usage not within the trends are identified within different operational areas and 

investigated for possible faults in the usage methods or the instruments and machinery 

used. With these practices established, the Group aims to improve efficiency in energy 

usage. 

 

 

FY2018 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY2021 

Target      

Energy Used 

per Output  

(kWh /Unit) 

99.22 

98.73 

110.36 

104.8 

 

As mentioned above, due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting economic 

fallout, there were some adverse impact on sales and output of cylinders for FY2020. 

The extent of the impact of the pandemic on the cylinders output in FY2021 will largely 

depend on the duration of the pandemic, going forward, and the economic recovery 

thereafter. Due to the lower output, energy used will not be proportionally reduced due 

to the need to heat up and start operations as usual to save working hours, hence the 

Group’s target to reduce energy per output ratio by around 5% for FY2021.  

 

Health and Safety of Employees (GRI 403-2) 

The Group has set an objective which is to raise health and safety standards in the 

workplace so as to achieve zero or minimal cases of reportable serious work-related 

injuries. The Group is committed to provide a safe working environment for its 

employees to safeguard the health and safety of all employees, which it believes will 

greatly enhance morale and satisfaction leading to higher productivity. As such, this 

topic is deemed to be material to the Group. The Group is pleased to report that there 

has not been any reportable serious work-related injuries in FY2020. 

All production employees are constantly reminded to be careful during work and to 

wear the appropriate safety equipment. Trainings and briefings are constantly provided 

at the Production Plant and communicated to new and existing employees to 

understand the rules and safety regulations before the start of each work day. 

Reminder messages are also pasted around the production area to reinforce these 

values accordingly. 

The Occupational Safety and Health Administration (“OSHA”) officer at the Production 

Plant carries out monthly inspection on workplace safety. According to the rules and 

regulations, the OSHA officer has to accumulate a total of 40CPD hours of training a 


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2020  

- 12 - 

 

year. The OSHA officer will set up monthly meetings to remind all workers to wear 

personal protective equipments (“PPE”) in the Production Plant and perform spot-

checks to ensure employees are wearing the correct safety equipment and conforming 

to the safety rules and regulations weekly. There are fire safety inspections every 

quarter at the Production Plant and the Fire and Rescue Department of Malaysia 

performs annual checks to ensure that the necessary requirements are met. 

To report work-related hazards and hazardous situations, the workers in the 

Production Plant can seek out their department leader or OSHA officer to report the 

situation. The department leader or OSHA officer will explain to Management on how 

to mitigate and improve the situation.  

When there is an work place incident, the OSHA officer will investigate based on the  

following processes and procedures: 

1. Asking the victim how the incident happened; 

2. Corroborating with witnesses, if any, on how the incident happened; 

3. Reviewing the closed-circuit television footage; and 

4. Asking doctor or review doctor’s report on the injury. 

 

After the investigation is completed, the OSHA officer will submit a report to the 

Department of Environment (“DOE”). For corrective action, the Human Resources 

(“HR”) department will issue a warning letter to the employee if the accident happened 

as a result of the employee’s recklessness or did not follow instruction. The OSHA will 

also review if the work procedures and work spaces need to be improved. 

 

The processes and procedures are based on legal requirements or recognised 

standard by government authority. 

The Group strictly complies with the following regulations established by the respective 

agencies: 

1. Department of Occupational Safety and Health (“DOSH”) – this agency, 

through its various divisions, conducts a full inspection of the factory, PPE and 

chemical storage annually. The objective of this agency is to prevent industrial 

accidents and occupational diseases. It also ensures safety, health and welfare 

of people at work as well as protecting other people from the safety and health 

hazards arising from production activities;  

 

2. Department of Environment (“DOE”) – this agency conducts scheduled checks 

on waste and waste water and scrubber discharges annually as well as conduct  

occasional spot-checks. The objective of this agency is to achieve abatement 

of pollution in the country through the enforcement of the Environmental Quality 

Act of 1974 and its subsidiary legislation. It monitors air and water quality and 

noise, manages toxic and hazardous wastes based on the “cradle-to-grave” 

principle; 

 

3. Ministry of International Trade and Industry (“MITI”) and DOSH – due to the 

ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, a COVID-19 report has to be submitted weekly 

on the company’s compliance with Standard Operating Procedures (“SOP”) 

pertaining to the provision of hand sanitizers, masks and social distancing 

measures; and 

 


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2020  

- 13 - 

 

4. State Pharmaceutical Services Division – this agency checks on the purchase 

and usage of registered unsafe and hazardous chemical products for which a 

monthly report has to be submitted and certify the use of such chemicals yearly. 

Physical training is given to all the workers by the OSHA officer during induction 

training. The OSHA officer will also ask translator to explain and translate in the 

language which the worker understands. Besides that, the OSHA office also pastes 

pictures as well as description for work safety in the Production Plant. 

We have implemented an occupational health and safety management system based 

on legal requirements and recognised risk management and management system 

standards/guidelines. This year, in particular, we had implemented a Safe Work 

Procedure Program which is in compliance with regulatory and local health authorities. 

Special precautions are being taken this year in view of the ongoing COVID-19 

situation, including the following:.  

• Visitors are allowed to enter Fuji Roto Gravure’s premises with appointment only and 

limited to 3 visitors daily, 

• Mandatory scanning of ‘MySejahtera’ app for all employees and visitors for contact 

tracing purposes, 

• Daily temperature checks for employees and visitors on site and hand sanitization 

upon entry to premises, 

• Safe distancing (1 metre) rules enforced at all times, and minimising face-to-face 

meetings,  

• Mandatory wearing of mask upon entry and at all times during working hours, 

• Not allowing gatherings and employees can only eat and rest at own work stations, 

• Sanitizing of premises and work stations every day, and fogging weekly,   

• Report to MITI website weekly to ensure we follow DOSH requirement and 

regulations for COVID-19, and 

• Provide COVID-19 screening for all foreign workers. 

The legal requirements would include inspection and certification of the premises by 

the local city fire department. Legal requirements are reviewed on a yearly basis for 

compliance with these requirements and are evaluated annually. Beside this, DOSH 

will inspect facility, machinery, hoist, local exhaust ventilation and PPE yearly. The 

OSHA officer will review the compliance on an annual basis.  

Minimising the incidence of work-related injury and illness and promoting a safe and 

healthy work environment leads to positive workplace morale, overall well-being of our 

employees and ultimately to higher quality products and services. The OSHA officer 

works in co-operation with all the heads of departments to monitor safety and health 

issues. We track and report industrial accidents and injuries in accordance with DOSH 

guidelines and file work-related claims accordingly, with all our employees strictly 

adhering to reporting procedures concerning all work-related injuries. 

Meanwhile, identifying occupational health and safety hazards and assessing their 

risks are key components in our management system. We strive to eliminate or 

minimize such hazards and risks through various measures. Health and safety hazards 


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2020  

- 14 - 

 

are identified for the administration, development and operational functions of our 

businesses and their risks are assessed.  

In addition to workplace health and safety training, our employees are also trained on 

fire safety hazard processes at our premises. Regular fire drills and evacuation 

exercises are conducted in accordance with the Fire Services Act 1988. Beside this 

employees are sent for training in related safety and first aid and in the use of the 

automated external defibrillator (“AED”) machine. The OSHA officer will internally give 

training and awareness programmes for all staff to facilitate the effective 

implementation of any risk reduction program. In addition, our employees have been 

briefed on how to respond to health and safety incidents at the workplace. Our overall 

accident frequency and severity rates are below the industry standard, and we 

continue to endeavour to lower these rates. For FY2020, we had no reported cases of 

accidents. The Company targets to have no reported cases of accidents for FY2021.  

 

 

FY2018 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY2021 

Target 

Number of fatalities 

as a result of work-

related injury 

  None            None             None 

None 

Number of high-

consequence work-

related injuries 

(excluding fatalities) 

  None            None             None  

None 

Number of 

recordable work-

related injuries 

  None                2                None  

None 

 

 

Training and Education for Employees (GRI 404-1) 

Training and education is an important topic for the Group as it enhances productivity 

of all employees by equipping them with the necessary skillsets to perform their duties 

in an ever-changing working environment. Training and education helps employees to 

learn specific knowledge or skills to improve performance in their current roles that 

brings a greater impact to the Group, which is of utmost importance. 

The training process is as follows: 

 

Management will also choose some safety courses which are open to all employees. 

The Group has been consistently providing all employees with both internal and 

external training for them to perform their job duties efficiently whenever necessary. 

Management and 

Head of Departments 

identify type of training 

required

Employee is selected 

and HR will source for 

courses 

Training is approved 

by Management


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2020  

- 15 - 

 

The total training hours provided to employees in the Group can be found in the 

following graphs below: 

 

Note: Total training hours is inclusive of 360 hours for the biennial fire safety training in FY2018, which explains the spike in training 

hours in FY2018, and one-off training of 80 hours for handling waste and effluents for the OSHA officer. 

 

 

5.15

1.60

0.35 

15.14

10.53

4.96 

0

2

4

6

8

10

12

14

16

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

Average Training Hours per Employee, by Gender

Male

Female

4.72

1.93

0.00

16.53

14.57

7.39

16.67

6.77

1.79

0.00

4.00

8.00

12.00

16.00

20.00

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

Average Training Hours per Employee, by Category

Non-Executive

Executive

Managerial

8.13

4.75

1.65

0

2

4

6

8

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

Average Training Hours 

per Employee

Training Hours Per Employee

764

404

158

0

200

400

600

800

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

Total Training Hours per 

Employee

Total Training Hours


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2020  

- 16 - 

 

The Group recorded 158 training hours in FY2020, which was lower than the 404 

training hours in FY2019, primarily due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and 

Malaysia’s various Movement Control Order restrictions and safe distancing measures 

where some courses were conducted via webinair.  

The Group believes that its investment in training for employees will ultimately enhance 

productivity and enable it to identify and exploit new opportunities in the printing 

cylinder business and beyond.  

Training application forms are provided to employees in order for them to select the 

training they require. Some examples of training courses offered to employees are as 

follows: 

a) Financial reporting 

b) ISO 9001:2015 

c) System administration 

d) Occupational safety and health training 

After attending training courses, the employee is then advised to conduct a class to 

share the knowledge and findings with other employees. Induction training is provided 

for new employees to understand topics such as the Group’s processes and work flow, 

their individual job scope and safety procedures. 

Engineers were also hired from countries such as Thailand, Singapore and USA to 

provide training and share experiences and research and development knowledge on 

the equipment with other employees. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the company 

did not hire such engineers in FY2020. 

The average hours of training per employee of 1.65 hours for FY2020 exceeded the 

target of 0.5 hours. For FY2021, the Company aims to achieve a target of 1.80 hours 

of training per employee given the ongoing COVID-19 situation. 

 

 

FY20181 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY20212 

Target 

Average hours of training per 

employee for the year 

3.45 

4.75 

1.65 

1.8 

 

1 The 440 hours of additional training due to fire safety and OSHA, mentioned above, are excluded from FY2018 training hours, 

2 Due to the COVID-19 situation, the Group is unable to target any general training courses in FY2021 except for mandatory training   

required by the authorities. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2020  

- 17 - 

 

GRI Content Index 

 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Reference 

Disclosure 

Section 

Page 

Reference 









Organizational Profile 















102-1 

Name of the organization 

About the Group 

3 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and 

services 

About the Group 

3 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

About the Group 

3 

102-4 

Location of operations 

About the Group 

3 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

About the Group 

3 

102-6 

Markets served 

About the Group 

3 

102-7 

Scale of the organization 

About the Group 

 

Human Resources of the Group 

 

Economic Performance 

3 

 

4 

 

9 

102-8 

Information on employees and 

other workers 

Human Resources of the Group 

4 

102-9 

Supply chain 

About the Group 

3 

102-10 

Significant changes to the 

organisation and its supply chain 

None  

- 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or 

approach 

Corporate Governance 

5-6 

102-12 

External Initiatives 

None 

- 

102-13 

Memberships of associations 

About the Group 

3 

Strategy 















102-14 

Statement from senior decision- 

maker 

Board Statement 

1 

Ethics and Integrity 















102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and 

norms of behaviour 

Mission and Vision 

5 

Governance 















102-18 

Governance structure 

Sustainability Governance 

6 

Stakeholder Engagement 















102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholder Engagement &amp; 

Materiality Assessment 

7-8 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements Not Applicable 

- 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

Stakeholder Engagement &amp; 

Materiality Assessment 

7-8 


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2020  

- 18 - 

 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

Stakeholder Engagement &amp; 

Materiality Assessment 

7-8 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

through stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholder Engagement &amp; 

Materiality Assessment 

 

Material Topics and Boundaries 

7-8 

 

 

8-9 

Reporting Practice 















102-45 

Entities included in the 

organisation’s consolidated 

financial statements 

Corporate Structure 

4 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries 

About This Sustainability Report 

 

Reporting Scope and Boundaries 

 

Material Topics and Boundaries 

2 

 

2 

 

8-9 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Material Topics and Boundaries 

8-9 

102-48 

Effect of any restatements of 

information provided in previous 

reports 

Not Applicable 

- 

102-49 

Significant changes from previous 

reports in the material topics and 

boundaries 

Material Topics and Boundaries 

8-9 

102-50 

Reporting Period 

About This Sustainability Report 

2 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

About This Sustainability Report 

2 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

About This Sustainability Report 

2 

102-53 

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report 

Feedback 

7 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance 

with GRI Standards 

About This Sustainability Report 

2 

102-55 

GRI Content Index 

GRI Content Index 

17-19 

102-56 

External assurance 

None 

- 

Management Approach 















103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary 

Economic Performance 

 

Reducing Energy Usage for 

Production 

 

Health and Safety of Employees 

 

Training and Education for 

Employees 

 

9 

 

9-11 

 

 

11-14 

 

14-16 

 

 

103-2 

The management approach and 

its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

Topic Specific GRI Standard Disclosures 















GRI 201 Economic Performance 



201-1 

Direct economic value generated 

and distributed 

Economic Performance 

9 


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2020  

- 19 - 

 

GRI 302 Energy 



302-1 

Energy consumption within the 

organization 

Reducing Energy Usage for 

Production 

9-11 

GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety 















403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, 

and absenteeism, and number of 

work-related fatalities 

Health and Safety of Employees 

11-14 

GRI 404 Training and Education 















404-1 

Average hours of training per year 

per employee 

Training and Education for 

Employees 

14-16 

 

 

