
 

 

 

 

 

 



FUJI OFFSET PLATES 

MANUFACTURING LTD 

Sustainability Report FY2017 




 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2017 

  1 

 

Board Statement 

In 2015, the United Nations adopted the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development 

and its 17 Sustainable Development Goals (“SDGs”) with 169 achievement targets. 

These interconnected SDGs and targets range from poverty, inequality, climate, 

environmental degradation, prosperity, and peace and justice.  Against this backdrop, 

the Group believes it is imperative to do our part, albeit in a small way, to protect the 

environment and preserve our resources for future generations and are committed to: 

i. Sustainable business practices and improving the impact of business on 

society and environment; 

ii. Utilizing our resources sustainably in the way we treat our operating 

environment and community at large and the belief that the Group’s success 

is not only appraised through its financial performance but also the value 

that we create for stakeholders; and 

iii. Building lasting enterprises for future generations based on the belief that 

business interests must be aligned with our socio-economic priorities. 

The Board of Directors (the “Board” or “Directors”) believes that sustainable 

development is integral to the Group’s strategy and operations.  It is about continuous 

improvement in identifying, understanding and responding to evolving economic, 

environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) challenges that our business faces.  

The Board believes that the EESG considerations help us better understand the 

challenges and impacts on our operations and assist us in striving to move in a 

sustainable direction.   

The Management has taken efforts to seek the opinion of many stakeholders to 

understand the needs and expectations of key stakeholders and adopted a materiality 

analysis to identify material sustainability issues which are relevant to our businesses.  

The Board reviewed the material issues highlighted by the stakeholders and assessed 

them against their concerns and interests.   

In the pursuit of our growth, the Board remain committed to conserving the 

environment, preserving natural resources and developing our people.  The Board has 

considered the Group’s sustainability objectives in the face of global warming, 

depletion of natural resources and urbanization and are exploring opportunities that 

may deliver greater long-term value to our stakeholders.   

The Board is pleased to present its inaugural Sustainability Report (the “Report”).  The 

Report demonstrates our current efforts on sustainability development and 

collaborations with business partners across the value chain to enhance our economic, 

environmental, and social objectives. The Board oversees the identification, 

management and monitoring of material sustainability topics in this Report. Our first 

materiality assessment has allowed us to identify the topics deemed to be material to 

our business and stakeholders, namely: Health and Safety; Training and Education; 

Economic Performance and Reducing Energy Wastage.   

 

 

 

 


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2017 

  2 

 

In line with our commitment to safeguard the environment, the Board will continue to 

source our raw materials, mainly seamless steel pipes and chemicals from legal 

sources and sustainable suppliers. We are also committed to empowering our 

employees as we consider them our most valuable asset.  The Group aims to continue 

to be one of the leading industry players through innovation and increased productivity 

by optimal utilisation of our resources through reducing wastages and rejects, and 

through increasing use of recycled materials.  

The Board would like to thank our stakeholders who have contributed to our 

sustainability journey and will continue to strive and improve our products and services 

to our customers while considering the social and environmental impact to our 

stakeholders. The Board will continue to take a balanced approach in formulating 

sustainable strategies to enhance long-term value for our stakeholders.  

 

 

 

David Teo Kee Bock 

Chairman 

 

 


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2017 

  3 

 

Corporate Structure 

 

 

(1) The Group completed the divestment of its 60% share of equity interest in Fuji Offset 

Plates (M) Sdn Bhd on 15 January 2018. 

 

 

About the Group 

 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd (the “Company” or “Fuji Offset”), together with all 

its subsidiaries, collectively (the “Group”), is a limited liability company incorporated in 

Singapore and listed on the Catalist Board of the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”). 

The principal activities of the Group are those relating to the manufacture and sale of 

gravure printing cylinders, sale of aluminium offset plates, trading of related industrial 

chemicals for the printing industry, investments in commercial, industrial, hospitality, 

residential and/or mixed development properties and investment holding.   

Fuji Offset’s headquarters are in Singapore while its main operations are located in 

Johor, Malaysia where, through the subsidiary Fuji Roto Gravure Sdn Bhd (“Fuji Roto 

Gravure” or “Production Plant”), a production plant is maintained for printing cylinders.  

The Group’s customer base spans across Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia and Sri 

Lanka, serving wholesalers and distributors in the printing and packaging industry. 

The Group is fully committed to deliver products that are of the highest quality. 

Therefore, the Group follows strict procedures of identifying, selecting and monitoring 

vendors supplying steel cylinders, printing ink and chemicals to assess their 

performance and capabilities. 

The manufacturing processes which would include desktop publishing, balancing, 

cutting, grinding, plating, polishing, engraving and proofing amongst others, have been 

rigorously scrutinized and are certified to conform to internationally recognized 

standards such as the ISO 9001:2015 (incorporating Quality Management) that Fuji 

Roto Gravure had successfully attained. 

Fuji Offset is also a member of the Singapore Business Federation. 

 




 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2017 

  4 

 

Employees 

 

The Group has 98 staff in its employment in the Singapore and Malaysia offices which 

can be classified as follows: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

73, 74%

25, 26%

Employees by Gender

Male

Female

13, 

13%

14, 

14%

71, 73%

Employees by Position

Managerial

Executive

Non-Executive

27, 28%

58, 59%

13, 

13%

Employees by Age Group

Below 30

31 to 50

Above 50


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2017 

  5 

 

Mission and Vision 

 

We visualise being able to expand our operations outside of Singapore and Malaysia.  

With over 30 years of operating history, we constantly strive to be the premium provider 

of quality steel printing cylinders. Aided by a group of highly experienced employees, 

every finished product is delivered with performance and precision. 

 

We believe in the following 4 key qualities to be found in each and every employee 

which is to be applied when dealing with people internally and externally: 

 

 

 

 

Corporate Governance 

 

The Board is committed to upholding high standards of corporate governance 

practices throughout the Group that are in line with the Code of Corporate Governance 

2012. The Board will ensure that there is compliance with the other relevant regulations, 

notices, circulars, and guidelines that may be issued by the Monetary Authority of 

Singapore (“MAS”) and the SGX-ST.  Explanations will be provided should there be 

any deviations.  

 

The Board manages potential risks through the review and approval of policies and 

procedures. The Management then ensures that the identified risks are relevant to the 

business environment and hence ensuring controls or mitigating factors are in place.  

The Audit Committee, independent of the Board, provides independent oversight of 

the effectiveness of the risk management process. 

 

The Board comprises Directors who provide core competencies in accounting and 

finance, business experience, industry knowledge, strategic planning, legal knowledge 

and customer-based experience and knowledge.  Where appropriate, the Directors 

receive relevant briefings from time to time on new updates in relation to regulatory 



•Work and learn together, share knowledge and experiences so as to solve 

problems together

Team Work



•Take immediate action to identify and overcome problems

Initiative



•Passion to contribute and grow with the Group

Commitment



•Continue learning new technologies

Improvement


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2017 

  6 

 

changes to accounting standards, Listing Manual, corporate governance and other 

regulations or statutory requirements. 

 

The Independent and Non-Executive Directors constructively challenge and assist in 

the development of proposals on strategy, and assist the Board in reviewing the 

performance of Management in meeting agreed goals and objectives, and monitor the 

reporting of performance.  Meetings are held regularly to discuss any matters without 

the presence of Management as and when circumstances require. 

 

Each key executive at the Group’s leadership is highly experienced in this industry and 

collectively as a whole, are able to competently handle all operational matters of the 

Group. 

 

 

Sustainability Governance 

The Sustainability Steering Committee, comprising key management executives, 

provides guidance by reviewing and reporting progress for targets and plans on the 

sustainability strategies to the Board of Directors on the sustainability management 

performance of the Group and material issues identified by stakeholders.  

 

The Sustainability Working Committee, comprising management executives across 

the Group, identifies possible material topics and reach agreement on the action plan 

for the reporting process. 

 

Sustainability Governance Structure 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Anti-Corruption Practices 

 

In ensuring that all laws and regulations including those related to anti-corruption 

practices, are complied with, the Management has implemented a set of policy and 

procedures titled “Policy and Procedures for Reporting Possible Improprieties in 

Matters of Financial Reporting or Other Matters” to provide guidance for all staff. 

 

This is to encourage employees and external stakeholders to voice out issues that are 

opposed to the best interest of the Group to the Company Secretary as it is the desire 

and aim of the Company to develop, promote and maintain high standards of corporate 

governance within the Group. 

 

Board of Directors 

Sustainability Steering Committee 

Sustainability Working Committee 


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2017 

  7 

 

The policy applies to all directors, officers, employees, including full-time, part-time and 

contract employees and external stakeholders of the Group and every complaint shall 

be lodged with the Audit Committee through the Company Secretary.  

 

 

About This Sustainability Report 

 

We present our inaugural sustainability report prepared in accordance with the Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) – “Core” option, the international standard for sustainability 

reporting. 

 

This report aims to disclose our EESG performance against the issues that are 

considered most material to our Company’s stakeholders and this includes 

shareholders, suppliers, customers, management and employees.  The objective of 

preparing this report is to inform our stakeholders of the initiatives and strategies 

related to sustainability that we are currently embarking on. 

 

This report is also prepared in accordance with SGX-ST Listing Rules 711A and 711B 

– Sustainability Reporting Guide and the relevant SGX Practice Notes. Our data is 

reported in good faith and to the best of our knowledge. Currently, there is no external 

assurance for this report.  

 

A copy of this report can be found on SGXNet and the Company’s website at 

www.fopgroup.com. 

 

 

Feedback 

 

We welcome feedback as it enables continual improvement in the Group’s 

sustainability policies, processes and performance. Please send your comments and 

suggestions to contact@fopgroup.com or at the following address: 

 

Fuji Offset Plates Mfg Ltd 

2 Jalan Rajah #06-28 

Golden Wall Flatted Factory 

Singapore 329134 

(65) 6265 9111 

 

 

Reporting Scope and Boundaries 

 

Since the Group’s operations mainly involved the printing of steel cylinders, the EESG 

topics identified in this Report are mainly related to the Group’s printing cylinders 

operating subsidiary, Fuji Roto Gravure, located in Johor Malaysia. 

 

The reporting period for the sustainability report of our operations in Malaysia is for the 

financial year from 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017.  All data and information 

reported are with respect to the timeframe above unless stated otherwise. 

 

 

 


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2017 

  8 

 

The content of this report is defined by the 4 Content Reporting Principles established 

by GRI as follows:  

 

 Principles Objectives 

 

 

 

Stakeholder Engagement &amp; Material Topics 

 

The Sustainability Consultants (the “Consultants”) worked with the Group to develop a 

questionnaire to identify the EESG topics that the Group considered important to 

stakeholders. The questionnaire was then independently undertaken by the 

Consultants using an online survey tool.  

 

The online survey was made available to a range of external stakeholders including 

suppliers and customers, and to internal stakeholders including staff selected by the 

Working Committee. 

 

The survey results were collated and presented to the Board for the selection of the 

Group’s material topics. These topics are as follows: 

 

Material Topics 

Topic 

GRI Standard 

Title 

Economic 

GRI 201-1 

Economic Performance 

Environmental 

GRI 302-1 

Reducing Energy Usage for Production 

Social 

GRI 403-2 

Health and Safety of Workers 

Social 

GRI 404-1 

Training and Education for Staff 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Stakeholder 

Inclusiveness



Defining stakeholders and explaining how the Group has responded to 

their expectations and interests

Sustainability Context



Presenting the Group's performance in the wider context of sustainability

Materiality



Identifying the Group's significant EESG topics

Completeness



Disclosing significant EESG topics and boundaries to assess the 

Group's performance in the reporting period


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2017 

  9 

 

Economic Performance (GRI 201-1) 

 

For FY2017, the Group was in a healthy financial position with revenue of S$5.06 

million and is in a net equity position of S$24.26 million as at 31 December 2017.  

Economic performance is defined as our most material aspect because, like most 

companies, our economic success ensures our long-term viability and enables the 

execution of our sustainability strategies. 

For a detailed breakdown of our FY2017 financial results, please refer to the Group’s 

Annual Report for FY2017 or an excerpt as follows: 

 

 

 

 








 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2017 

  10 

 

Reducing Energy Usage for Production (GRI 302-1) 

 

The Group recognises the importance of properly managing and regulating energy 

consumption so as to keep operational costs low and help to reduce the impact on the 

environment. To keep track of its energy consumption, there is a monitoring system in 

place and a maintenance team of trained individuals in the Production Plant. 

The following graph (based on computed electricity bill) shows the total energy 

consumption from FY2015 to FY2017. The higher consumption in FY2016 was due 

to higher production levels that year. 

 

 

 

On an energy consumption per output level, the Production Plant has maintained a 

fairly stable ratio as shown in the graph below: 

 

 

 

 

1664

1871

1771

1650

1700

1750

1800

1850

1900

FY2015

FY2016

FY2017

Energy Used (in '000 kWh)

Energy Used

1.14

1.156

1.145

1

1.1

1.2

1.3

FY2015

FY2016

FY2017

Energy Used per Output (kWh / Unit)

Energy Used per Output


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2017 

  11 

 

 

The Group’s target is to maintain or better this consumption per output ratio for FY2018.  

The Group intends to achieve this target by adopting the following measures: 

1. Posting reminders on the walls of the production area to remind employees to 

switch off lightings or any electrical appliances which are not in use; 

2. Setting air-conditioning at a minimum of 25 degrees Celsius; 

3. Replacing old air-conditioners and machines with newer energy-saving types. 

Overall energy consumption is analysed monthly by the Accounts Manager. Energy 

usage not within the trends are identified within different operational areas and 

investigated for possible faults in the usage methods or the instruments and machinery 

used.  With these practices established, the Group aims to improve efficiency in energy 

usage. 

 

Health and Safety of Workers (GRI 403-2) 

The Group has set an objective which is to raise health and safety standards in the 

workplace so as to achieve zero or minimal cases of reportable serious work-related 

injuries.  The Group is pleased to report that there has not been any reportable serious 

work-related injuries in the past 4 years.  The Group is committed to provide a safe 

working environment for its employees to safeguard the health and safety of all 

employees, which it believes will greatly enhance morale and satisfaction leading to 

higher productivity.  

All employees are constantly reminded to be careful during work and to wear the 

appropriate safety equipment.  Trainings and briefings are constantly provided at the 

Production Plant and communicated to new and existing employees to understand the 

rules and safety regulations before the start of each work day. Signages are also 

posted around the production area to reinforce certain values accordingly. 

The OSHA (Occupational Safety and Health Administration) officer at the Production 

Plant carries out monthly inspection on workplace safety.  The OSHA officer will 

perform spot-checks to ensure employees are wearing the correct safety equipment 

and conforming to the safety rules and regulations. There are fire safety inspections 

every quarter at the Production Plant and the Fire Brigade Department performs 

checks annually to ensure that the necessary requirements are met. 

The Group strictly complies with the following regulations established by the following 

agencies: 

1. DOSH (“Department of Occupational Safety and Health”) - the objective is to 

prevent industrial accidents and occupational diseases.  It also ensures safety, 

health and welfare of people at work as well as protecting other people from 

the safety and health hazards arising from production activities;  

 

2. DOE (“Department of Environment”) - the abatement of pollution in the country 

through the enforcement of the Environmental Quality Act of 1974 and its 

subsidiary legislation. It monitors air and water quality and noise, manages 

toxic and hazardous wastes based on the “cradle-to-grave” principle. 

 

 


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2017 

  12 

 

 

Training and Education for Staff (GRI 404-1) 

Training and education is important for the Group as it enhances productivity of all 

employees by equipping them with the necessary skillsets to perform their duties in an 

ever-changing working environment.  Training and education helps employees to learn 

specific knowledge or skills to improve performance in their current roles that brings a 

greater impact to the Group, which is of the utmost importance. 

Management has regular meetings with the respective Head of Departments to 

understand the various types of training required for their respective employees, who 

are selected based on their work performance and career progression. Management 

will also choose some safety courses which are open to all employees. The Company 

has been consistently providing all employees with both internal and external training 

for them to perform their job duties efficiently whenever necessary. 

The total training hours provided to employees in the Group can be found in the 

following graph below: 

 

 

 

The Group recorded 612 training hours in FY2015. This was higher than the 256 

training hours in FY2016 and FY2017, primarily due to the tri-annual mandatory fire 

safety training for staff in FY2015. The Group intends to increase its training hours for 

staff in FY2018 and beyond.  

The Group believes that its investment in training for staff will ultimately enhance 

productivity and enable it to identify and exploit new opportunities in the printing 

cylinder business and beyond.   

Training application forms are provided to staff in order for them to select the training 

they require. Some examples of training courses offered to staff are as follows: 

a) Financial reporting 

b) ISO 9001:2015 

612

256

256

200

300

400

500

600

FY2015

FY2016

FY2017

Training Hours For Employees

Training Hours


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2017 

  13 

 

c) System administration 

d) Occupational safety and health training 

After attending trainings, the employee is then advised to conduct a class to share the 

knowledge and findings with other employees. Induction training is provided for new 

employees to understand topics such as the Group’s processes and work flow, their 

individual job scope and safety procedures. 

The Company has made the following investments in new equipment to ensure 

consistency in the quality of products and to fulfil specific customers’ requirements 

such as the following: 

 

a) Engraving Machine 

b) CFM Machine which shortened production process and time required. 

Engineers were also hired from countries such as Thailand, Singapore and USA to 

provide training and share experiences and research and development knowledge on 

the equipment with other employees. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2017 

  14 

 

GRI Content Index 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Reference  

Disclosure 

Section 

Page 

Reference 









Organizational Profile 















102-1 

Name of the organization 

About the Group 

3 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and 

services 

About the Group 

3 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

About the Group 

3 

102-4 

Location of operations 

About the Group 

3 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Corporate Structure 

3 

102-6 

Markets served 

About the Group 

3 

102-7 

Scale of the organization 

About the Group 

3 

102-8 

Information on employees and 

other workers 

Employees 

4 

102-9 

Supply chain 

About the Group 

3 

102-10 

Significant changes to the 

organisation and its supply chain 

None  

- 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or 

approach 

Corporate Governance 

5-6 

102-12 

External Initiatives 

Not Applicable 

- 

102-13 

Memberships of associations 

About the Group 

3 

Strategy 















102-14 

Statement from senior decision- 

maker 

Board Statement 

1-2 

Ethics and Integrity 















102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and 

norms of behaviour 

Mission and Vision 

5 

Governance 















102-18 

Governance structure 

Sustainability Governance 

6 

Stakeholder Engagement 















102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholder Engagement &amp; 

Material Topics 

8 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements Not Applicable 

- 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

Stakeholder Engagement &amp; 

Material Topics 

8 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

Stakeholder Engagement &amp; 

Material Topics 

8 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

through stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholder Engagement &amp; 

Material Topics 

8 


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2017 

  15 

 

Reporting Practice 



102-45 

Entities included in the 

organisation’s consolidated 

financial statements 

Corporate Structure 

3 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries 

Reporting Scope and Boundaries 7-8 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Stakeholder Engagement &amp; 

Material Topics 

8 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

Not Applicable 

- 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not Applicable 

- 

102-50 

Reporting Period 

1 Jan to 31 Dec 2017 

- 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

Not Applicable 

- 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

1 Jan to 31 Dec 2017 

- 

102-53 

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report 

Feedback 

7 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance 

with GRI Standards 

About This Sustainability Report 

7 

102-55 

GRI Content Index 

GRI Content Index 

14-16 

102-56 

External assurance 

Not Applicable 

- 

Management Approach 















103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary 

Economic Performance 

 

Reducing Energy Usage for 

Production 

 

Health and Safety of Workers 

 

Training and Education for Staff 

9 

 

10-11 

 

 

11 

 

12-13 

103-2 

The management approach and 

its components 

Economic Performance 

 

Reducing Energy Usage for 

Production 

 

Health and Safety of Workers 

 

Training and Education for Staff 

9 

 

10-11 

 

 

11 

 

12-13 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

Economic Performance 

 

Reducing Energy Usage for 

Production 

 

Health and Safety of Workers 

 

Training and Education for Staff 

9 

 

10-11 

 

 

11 

 

12-13 


 

Fuji Offset Plates Manufacturing Ltd Sustainability Report FY2017 

  16 

 

Topic Specific GRI Standard Disclosures 



GRI 201 Economic Performance 



201-1 

Direct economic value generated 

and distributed 

Economic Performance 

 

9 

GRI 302 Energy 















302-1 

Energy consumption within the 

organization 

Reducing Energy Usage for 

Production 

 

10-11 

GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety 















403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, 

and absenteeism, and number of 

work-related fatalities 

Health and Safety of Workers 

 

11 

GRI 404 Training and Education 















404-1 

Average hours of training per year 

per employee 

Training and Education for Staff 

12-13 

 

 

