
 

 

 

 

 

 

FUXING CHINA GROUP LIMITED 

(Incorporated in Bermuda) 

(Company Registration No. 38973) 

 

Sustainability Report FY2018 

 

 




 

 

 

 

Contents 

1 

About the report .................................................................................................................. 1 

2 

Statement from the Chairman ........................................................................................ 2 

3 

About the Group .................................................................................................................. 3 

4 

Stakeholder engagement .................................................................................................. 4 

5 

Materiality Assessment ...................................................................................................... 6 

6 

Corporate Governance ....................................................................................................... 7 

7 

Economic ................................................................................................................................ 8 

8 

Environmental .................................................................................................................... 11 

9 

Social..................................................................................................................................... 13 

GRI Content Index .................................................................................................................... 21 


P a g e  | 1 

 

 

1 About the report 

 

Reporting Scope and Period 

This is the second Group Sustainability Report (“SR”) by Fuxing China Group Limited 

(“Fuxing” or together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”). It covers the sustainability 

performance of our operations in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) from 1 January 

2018 to 31 December 2018 (“FY2018”). Our report will provide a holistic view of the 

Group’s performance, while highlighting the Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) 

factors that we deem critical to our activities and developments. Subsequently, the report 

will be published on an annual basis in accordance with our SR policy and the SGX 

requirements.  

 

Reporting Process 

For the purpose of this report, we engaged an external sustainability consultant to 

collaborate with the SR Committee, led by Mr Hong Qing Liang, our Executive Chairman 

and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”). The composition of the committee did not have any 

movement since the first year of reporting. It comprises senior management of all 

subsidiaries to provide an oversight on the integration of sustainability practices into all 

aspects of the business. Additionally, the committee focuses in areas of formulating, 

implementing and reviewing the Group’s sustainable policies and practices, sustainability 

development programs and initiatives. Periodic reviews are done to ensure the effective 

implementation and engagement of the Group as a whole and in line with the Group’s 

strategic development. The SR Committee undergoes an in-depth review on the contents 

of the report to determine its relevance to our business and ensure the interests of our 

stakeholders are addressed.  

 

The Group has not sought external assurance from an independent consultant for this 

reporting period and will consider doing so in the future as sustainability reporting matures. 

 

Reporting Framework 

This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option. They 

are the most widely adopted global standards for sustainability reporting, provide 

businesses and organisations worldwide the framework to measure, understand and 

communicate their critical sustainability issues on environmental, economic, social 

performance ability issues to stakeholders. The GRI content index and the relevant 

references are provided on pages 21 to 23. 

 

Feedback 

As we are fully committed to listening to our stakeholders, we welcome feedback on any 

aspect of our sustainability policies, processes and performance. Kindly address all 

feedback to oilinfxcg@gmail.com. Your feedback is vital to us in achieving our goals to 

build a sustainable and thriving business.  

 

 


P a g e  | 2 

 

 

2 Statement from the Chairman   

Dear Stakeholders,  

 

We are glad to have deepened our commitment towards the sustainable development 

of Fuxing in the past year. The year 2018 saw deeper engagement with suppliers and 

investors, employee welfare and the significance of workplace health and safety.  

 

In the past year, we have also taken the necessary measures to ensure that our business 

partners, suppliers and sub-contractors alike, are aligned with our sustainability 

concept. We source sustainably, to offer a suite of products that are cost-effective, 

superior and environmentally-friendly, whilst increasing competitiveness for the 

organization.  To ride the future challenges, we plan to step up our marketing efforts to 

expand the international customer base, whilst managing the sustainability aspect of 

our business. 

 

While advancing our business objectives, we also recognize corporate governance as the 

guiding principle of our sustainability practices. As part of Fuxing’s corporate governance 

framework, various checks and balances are in place to ensure business integrity and 

responsible operations. The Group is vigilant of potential impacts and adopts a 

precautionary approach in identifying and assessing strategic, operational and 

commercial risks. 

 

As part of the Group’s benchmarking efforts against global best practices, Fuxing plans 

to align its sustainability practices with the United Nations Sustainable Development 

Goals in 2019. These include achieving sustainable economic growth by having 

employment and decent work for all; encouraging sustainable industrialization and 

innovation; promoting an inclusive workplace; addressing climate change and it 

impacts; as well as exploring opportunities for meaningful impact through business 

partnerships. 

 

With utmost gratitude,  

 

 

Mr Hong Qing Liang 

Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Fuxing China Group Limited 

May 2019 


P a g e  | 3 

 

 

3 About the Group 

The Group aims to continuously seek for business opportunities in line with our strategic 

growth and to deliver value to our customers and stakeholders as we continue to explore 

and expand our business operations. Within the industry, we have also upheld a reputation 

for quality and high standards in our operations, as well as excellence in our operations 

management.  

 

Goals and Achievements  

Our products are all certified under the Intertek Eco-Certification, and our manufacturing 

zipper products are produced in accordance with the PRC zipper industry standards. 

 

To ensure continuous innovation in product quality and improved efficiency, the Group 

places strong emphasis on product and technical Research and Development (“R&amp;D”). We 

own a research partnership with the Software Institute of Xiamen University, with the aim 

of enhancing production efficiencies and automation in the manufacturing of zipper 

products. As a testament of our strength in R&amp;D, the Group’s R&amp;D facility was verified as 

a “Fujian Provincial Level Enterprise Technology Centre” back in December 2006. Towards 

the end of 2009, the Group was also awarded the “New and High Technology Enterprise” 

by the Fujian Provincial Government. We currently own 18 design patents, 12 utility 

patents and 2 invention patents. 

 

The Group has attained the following certifications: 

• ISO 9001: 2008 for design and production of zippers 

• ISO 14001: 2015 for related environmental management activities in the design 

and production of zippers 

• ISO 18001: 2007 for design and production of zippers and related occupational 

health &amp; safety management activities in the involved sites 

Memberships of Associations 

 

• Vice Chairman of Hardware Association Zipper Branch 五金制品协会拉链分会 

• Honorary President of Provincial Zipper Industry Association1 省拉链同业商会 

 

1 Personal membership of Mr Hong Qing Liang, Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Group. 


P a g e  | 4 

 

 

4 Stakeholder engagement 

 

As part of the business transformation process, the Group reviewed comparative studies 

in the region to identify and map stakeholders who influence, or are influenced by, Fuxing 

and its operations. In identifying the key groups of stakeholders, we assessed the level of 

significance of the stakeholders’ interests in sustainability issues: 

 

The following five key stakeholder groups have been identified:  

 

Stakeholders 

How we 

engage 

Main concerns 

and expectations 

How we respond 

Employees 

• Meetings 

• Training and 

development 

• Teambuilding 

activities 

• Annual 

performance 

appraisals 

• Recreational 

activities 

• Long-service 

awards 

• Annual 

dinners 

• 

Department 

updates 

• 

Training and 

career 

development 

opportunities 

• 

Workplace 

safety and 

health 

• 

Engaging and 

retaining 

employees 

By adopting sound human 

resource policies and practices 

that promote fair treatment, 

safe 

working 

conditions, 

rewards and recognition for 

performance, 

work-life 

balance and career growth. 

Customers 

• Monitoring 

product sales 

• Contacts to 

our customer 

service 

• Feedback 

channels 

through 

email 

• 

Product and 

service quality 

• 

Group’s 

reputation in 

the market 

By establishing policies for 

quality control and assurance 

that ensure our goods are of 

excellent 

quality 

and 

to 

promptly address customer 

complaints. 

Suppliers 

• Regular 

meetings 

• Visits 

• Emails 

• Tender 

process 

• 

Integrity and 

effectiveness 

of the tender 

process 

• 

Workplace 

safety and 

health 

• 

Energy-

efficient 

fittings and 

products with 

Green labels 

• 

Product and 

technology 

updates 

• 

Performance 

reviews 

By establishing policies and 

guidelines that ensure a fair 

selection 

and 

procurement 

process, and ethical business 

practices. 


P a g e  | 5 

 

 

Stakeholders 

How we 

engage 

Main concerns 

and expectations 

How we respond 

Shareholders

/investors 

• Annual 

General 

Meeting 

• Meetings with 

institutional 

investors 

• Survey of 

institutional 

investors 

• 

Group’s 

strategic 

development 

• 

Current 

financial 

performance 

• 

Future 

business 

outlook 

By 

conducting 

regular 

briefings 

for 

shareholders, 

which usually coincides with 

the release of the Group’s 

financial results. During these 

sessions, 

Management 

will 

review 

the 

Group’s 

performance 

as 

well 

as 

discuss the business outlook 

for the Group. For FY2018, 

there were three meetings 

organized.  

Community 

• Phone and 

email 

channels 

• Media 

relations 

• Volunteering 

activities 

• Contribution to 

communities 

• Business 

decisions’ 

impact on their 

environment 

• Pollution (air, 

land, water) 

By raising awareness through 

sustainable business practices 

and assessing the potential 

harmful 

impacts 

on 

the 

environment. 

 

 

 


P a g e  | 6 

 

 

5 Materiality Assessment 

 

Following an extensive materiality assessment in FY2017, we conducted a Group-wide 

exercise during the year to review the relevance of our material topics, identify if there 

has been any shift in priorities among our stakeholders and examine any emerging areas 

of concern. The assessment was conducted according to GRI’s standards’ Principles for 

defining report content and covered our operations in the PRC only. Our associates, 

regional businesses and minority stakes were not included in this exercise. We applied the 

materiality principle for defining report content based on a review of industry practices 

and global peers. 

 

Material ESG Factors  

The SR Committee has identified the following material ESG factors for FY2018: 

 

ESG 

Top material 

topics for the 

Fuxing Group 

Key Highlights 

Governance 

Anti-Corruption 

- 

No confirmed cases of corruption and 

whistle-blowing cases in FY2018 

Economic 

Economic 

performance 

- 

Generated RMB 900.9 million revenue 

- 

Distributed RMB 925.2 million to 

stakeholders 

Procurement 

practices 

- 

Purchased 100% of the materials from 

local suppliers 

Environmental 

Raw materials 

- 

Main materials used are polyester and 

zinc alloy 

Environmental 

compliance  

- 

Zero cases of non-compliance in 

FY2018 

- 

No significant fines/non-monetary 

sanctions for non-compliance with 

environmental laws and regulations 

Social 

Employment 

- 

Total employees – 1,246  

- 

New hires: 

• 

Male – 49.6%; Female – 50.4% 

• 

Under 30 years old – 46.0%; 

between 30 to 50 years old – 

46.9%; above 50 years old – 

7.1% 

Training and 

education 

- 

99% of employees receiving regular 

performance and career development 

reviews 

Occupational 

health and safety 

- 

Zero fatalities in FY2018 

- 

2 fire drills and safety talks conducted 

during the year 


P a g e  | 7 

 

 

6 Corporate Governance  

 

The Group is committed to uphold the highest standards of corporate governance and we 

believe a high standard of corporate governance is integral in ensuring our business’ 

sustainability as well as safeguarding shareholders’ interests and maximizing long-term 

shareholder value. This commitment is aligned with the Principles of the Code of Corporate 

Governance 2012.  

 

The promotion of effective and fair communication with the stakeholders is under the 

purview of our Executive Chairman and CEO. We fulfil our obligation to furnish timely 

information to shareholders and ensure full disclosure of material information to comply 

with statutory requirements and the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST. The Group firmly 

believes in high standards of transparent corporate disclosure, in line with the continuous 

obligations of the Company. 

 

The Board and Management strongly believes that our quest for good governance lies in 

putting in place an effective framework of risk management and internal controls that is 

in line with market standards and best practices. Having this in place will lead to increased 

levels of internal discipline, accountability and transparency. 

 

There were no non-compliance incidents with relevant laws and regulations that resulted 

in significant fines and non-monetary sanctions. We will continue our commitment in 

achieving zero incidents of non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations. In addition, 

we will closely monitor the Internal Audit issues and ensure that internal controls for all 

processes are in place. 

 

For detailed disclosure on the application of its corporate governance practices with 

reference to the Code, please refer to the Corporate Governance section on pages 13 to 

31. For any cases of deviation from the Code’s guidelines, an explanation has been 

provided within the Annual Report.  

 

6.1 Anti-Corruption 

 

The Group, with our significant workforce size operating across different geographies 

around Asia and multiple partnerships across the value chain, has several areas that can 

render us vulnerable to corruption. Our stakeholders have recognised this during our 

materiality assessment, thus highlighted anti-corruption as a critical factor to the Group. 

We would like to reaffirm our strong stance against these issues and highlight that we 

have zero tolerance towards unethical acts in totality. 

 

A whistle-blowing policy and other procedures have been put in place to provide the 

Group’s employees and external parties who have dealings with the Group, accessible and 

trusted channels to report suspected fraud, corruption, dishonest acts or other 

improprieties in the workplace. We made these policies and procedures readily available 

for both internal and external parties, as it allows for an independent investigation of any 

reported incidents and appropriate actions for follow up. As at the end of FY2018, there 

has been no confirmed report received through any whistle-blowing channels. 

 

Moving forward, the Group will continue its zero tolerance for misconducts and will strive 

to maintain the current status of zero confirmed cases through our various preventive 

methods. 


P a g e  | 8 

 

 

7 Economic 

 

Financial Highlights 

The Group recorded revenue of RMB 900.9 million (FY2017: RMB 921.7 million) for the 

financial year ended 31 December 2018 (“FY2018”). Our Net profit for FY2018 was at RMB 

7.1 million (FY2017: RMB 16.2 million). 

 

Presented below is the key financial highlights extracted from pages 2 and 3 of Fuxing’s 

Annual Report FY2018. For the Group’s detailed Financial statements, please refer to page 

41 to 47 of the Group’s Annual Report FY2018.   

 

 

 

 

The financial health of the Group directly impacts our key stakeholders, and it is of utmost 

importance to generate sustainable economic performance in the long run. Despite the 

highly challenging and competitive industry conditions, we will strive to maximize 

production efficiency and cut down on redundancy, to achieve the best of our abilities. 

 

 





















649.1

702.1

832.3

921.7

900.9

REVENUE 

(RMB'MILLION)





FY2014





FY2015





FY2016





FY2017





FY2018





















10.1

-17.2

-70.4

16.2

7.1

NET PROFIT/(LOSS) 

(RMB'MILLION)


P a g e  | 9 

 

 

7.1 Economic Performance 

 

Direct Economic Value Generated and Distributed 

The following table provides an overview of our economic value generated and distributed 

in FY2018 based on GRI’s disclosure categories: 

 

 

 

 

2 Figure consists of Employee wages and Employee benefits that amount to RMB 63,968,000 and RMB 

4,549,000 respectively.  

FY2018 

RMB’000 

Total economic value generated 

900,948 

Operating costs 

851,553 

Employees compensation and benefits 

68,5172 

Payment to providers of capital 

- 

Payment to government 

5,080 

Community Investments 

- 

Total Economic Value Distributed 

925,150 

Net Economic Value Retained 

(24,202) 


P a g e  | 10 

 

 

Defined Benefit Plan Obligations and Other Retirement Plans 

The Group makes monthly contributions to the employees’ compulsory saving / retirement 

plans, as mandated by the local government. The fund is a social security system that 

tackles our employees’ financial concerns regarding healthcare, home ownership, family 

protection and asset enhancement. We view this scheme as a good opportunity to reward 

our employees and relieve them from the burden of personal finances. In the PRC, we 

endorse the compulsory savings plan, known as “Five social insurance and one housing 

fund”. 

 

Financial Assistance Received from Government 

Our Group receives monetary assistance under different government schemes in 

recognition of efforts and expenditure expended for IT application and industrialization 

integration, plant and machinery and brand quality support. As a group, we received an 

aggregate amount of approximately RMB 294,400 from the governments as incentives3 

and subsidies in FY2018. 

 

7.2 Procurement Practices 

 

The Group firmly believes that its suppliers and subcontractors as key business partners 

that are capable to create positive economic impact, thus enhancing stakeholder’s return. 

In this respect, the Group maintains a rigorous selection process in vendors selection, 

which are based on the past track records and adherence to occupational health and safety 

standards.  

 

We have also developed procurement policies and guidelines to guide our process, such 

as:  

• 

Guidelines and procedures in selecting and evaluating vendors 

• 

Code of conduct when dealing with vendors 

 

As we consider sustainability as one of the key factors in selecting a supplier, for that 

reason, we evaluate the potential candidates based on their sustainability performance 

and practices. Often, there would be a collaboration with partners and supplier to redesign 

our product offerings to reduce the negative impact on the environment in this area.  

 

The Group purchases a range of raw materials from its suppliers, with polyester and zinc 

alloy being our main raw materials. Purchases from local material suppliers accounted for 

100% of the total purchases in FY2018. During the reporting period, the Group’s purchases 

amounted to RMB 282.8 million. 

 

We will continue to remain fully committed to continue procuring responsibly while 

generating positive economic and social benefits for the local community we operate in. 

 

 

 

 

3 With regards to the government’s increase on export tax rebates, goods that currently enjoy a 13% or 15% 

rate will be increased to 16%; 9% rate will be raised to either 10% or 13%; and goods at 5% will be lifted to 6% 

or 10%. Some products that could hamper the government’s campaign to crackdown on pollution, however, 

will remain at their current rates. For more information, visit the State Council’s announcement at 

http://www.gov.cn/premier/2018-10/08/content_5328559.htm 


P a g e  | 11 

 

 

8 Environmental 

 

To address global issues of resource scarcity and a changing climate, we recognise the 

importance of integrating environmental considerations into the Group’s business 

decisions. We are committed to understanding, managing and minimizing our 

environmental footprint across our value chain, including our business operations, 

suppliers and customers. Our environment efforts are largely focused on maximizing 

material utilization and optimizing energy consumption. We will continue to strengthen our 

expertise in the areas of environmental programs and be selective about the strategic 

initiatives that will yield a greater positive impact in the future. 

 

The PRC’s government has also stepped up a multitude of environmental regulation 

measures which has significantly affected our operations in the PRC. Although the 

disruption posed by regulatory shifts did impact our production yield initially, we 

exacerbated the reaction time, to adjust and realign our processes with the new market 

conditions and regulations.  

 

8.1 Raw materials 

 

Our aim is to reduce the production cycle time and efforts and the negative impact that 

the production process has on the environment. We emphasize on the design optimisation 

as well, to maximize the material utilisation and reduce wastage.  

 

Materials used by weight 

 

Material 

Category 

Weight4 

Polyester 

Non-renewable 

13,330T 

Zinc alloy 

Non-renewable 

3,036T 

Carton boxes5 

Renewable 

26T 

 

In order to address the challenges of climate change, we recognise that innovation is 

critical. We will continue to explore new products and undertake research and development 

that focus on environmental remediation and recycling of renewable materials. As we 

move towards the prospects of a global market and increase the potential sales volume, 

we will explore a wider range of raw materials.  

 

 

 

 

4 The data is sourced from direct measurements. 

5 They are used as packaging materials for efficient transportation to our clients, we do not reuse them as they 

are not physically in our premise after usage. 


P a g e  | 12 

 

 

8.2 Environmental compliance 

 

We believe that adhering to our Group’s codes, policies and procedures and applicable 

laws and regulations is critical as they underpin our stakeholders’ trust and our license to 

operate. We have zero tolerance for non-compliance and encourage our stakeholders to 

report any incidences via our established whistle blowing channels. We relied on external 

consultants to provide guidance and advice, and with the contribution of everyone’s 

combined effort, we are proud to share that the Group had zero incidents of non-

compliance with environmental and socioeconomic laws and regulations during FY2018. It 

is of our utmost importance that we maintain this unblemished record. 

 

Supplementary environment protection measures 

We are highly aware of the impact of our business on the world’s carbon footprint, hence 

we are continually striving to be more environmentally friendly. At Fuxing, we promote a 

holistic approach to sustainability, focusing on effective resource utilization, energy cost 

effectiveness to promote responsible resource consumption. 

 

 


P a g e  | 13 

 

 

9 Social 

 

9.1 Employment 

 

We strive to be an employer of choice, through recognising the contributions of each 

employee, and providing opportunities for staff to grow beyond their abilities. We would 

wish for them to maximise their potential and look beyond this cycle to seek opportunities 

that will position them for success in their careers. Additionally, we are also focussed on 

building a talent pool with deep knowledge of regional and global markets to support our 

growth and expansion. Preparing the next generation of leaders as part of succession 

planning is important to Fuxing’s long-term progress and competitiveness as well. 

 

As part of our commitment to developing talent, we strive to create an inclusive workplace 

where each individual is valued and recognised for their contribution. We recognise the 

importance of diversity in strengthening our core values of teamwork, communication and 

creativity, and in forming a competent and united workforce. We provide equal 

opportunities to all employees without discrimination.  

 

As of 31 December 2018, we have a total of 1,246 employees. We had 113 new hires in 

FY2018, whereas 301 employees left the Group. We aim to attract and retain talents, by 

rewarding them based on what they deliver and demonstrating that they are in line with 

our values. Employment numbers for high-skilled positions remains consistent, with our 

key management personnel unchanged. To promote equal opportunities, we have in place 

various human resource related processes as follows: 

• 

An interview assessment form is in place to guide interviewers to assess candidates 

based on merit and competency 

• 

Staff recruitment advertisements do not state age, race, gender or religion 

preferences as a requirement 

 

 

 


P a g e  | 14 

 

 

New Hires and Resignations 

We value the importance of diversity among our workforce, hence we hire an ideal balance 

of genders and age groups, to enhance creativity and innovation and improve the 

organization’s culture. We believe that such diversity fosters innovative thinking and helps 

tackle business challenges through different perspectives. Of our 113 new hires in FY2018, 

we had a gender ratio of 50.4% females to 49.6% males.  

 

We hire our people across various age groups unbiasedly. Of our new hires, a majority of 

46.0% are under 30 years old, 46.9% aged between 30 and 50 years old, while the 

remaining 7.1% are above 50 years old. Going forward, the Group aims to continually 

refine our hiring strategy and continue to commit to fair employment practices by offering 

equal opportunities to all.  

 

 

 

We believe a low turnover improves the sustainability of operations and allows us to 

contribute positively to the development of social and human capital in a wider committee. 

Despite market conditions, we will strive to minimize attrition rate and retain talents as 

best as possible. Employment numbers for high-skilled positions remains consistent, with 

our key management personnel unchanged. 

 

 

 









NEW HIRES BY 

GENDER











Male











Female













NEW HIRES BY AGE 

GROUP











Under 30 years old











Between 30 to 50 years old











Above 50 years old









EMPLOYEE 

TURNOVER BY 

GENDER







Male







Female













EMPLOYEE TURNOVER 

BY AGE GROUP











Under 30 years old







Between 30 to 50 years old











Above 50 years old


P a g e  | 15 

 

 

Employee welfare and benefits 

We recognise employee satisfaction as a significant part of our talent retention scheme. 

Each of our employees is entitled to a set of attractive benefits including but not limited 

to:  

Benefits 

Descriptions 

Life insurance 

In the event that our employee becomes critically ill or 

permanently disabled, their loved ones will receive a sum of 

money to provide them with financial protection and coverage 

against risks  

Medical insurance 

Employees are reimbursed for visits to the General 

Practitioners (“GPs”) and dentist, and covered under medical 

insurance 

Disability insurance 

All our employees are covered under personal accident 

insurance and work-related injury. For instance, the 

organization will reimburse any rehabilitation costs or monthly 

pay-outs for each case of disability. 

Maternity leave 

Eligible female employees are entitled to maternity leave 

when applicable 

Retirement provision 

For employees qualified for pension approaching the 

retirement age, government will provide them with monthly 

support during their retirement 

Staff dormitory and 

canteen 

Employees are free to enjoy dormitory services with 

necessary appliances. All dormitories are also equipped with 

individual bathrooms, and 3 meals at the staff canteen at a 

subsidized rate 

 

The Group is periodically reviewing and enhancing our resource policies and practices to 

provide a fair and safe workplace for our employees. In line with our Group’s core values 

of teamwork, we strive to promote a safe and conducive workplace for our people to 

perform efficiently and effectively. 

 

Apart from the basic employee benefits we offer, we organize annual retreats as a Group 

to build relationships among the team and improve collaboration among employees of all 

levels. Our annual sports day acts as an employee appreciation event to advocate a healthy 

lifestyle, both physical and mental wellbeing. It is also vital that our staff can take a mental 

break from work to recharge and boost their morale. 

 

 

Employees photographed on our annual retreat to a local scenic spot, Wu Yi Shan 






P a g e  | 16 

 

 

 

 

Employees at our annual sports event held in April 2018 

 

 

Distributing dumplings to our employees on the local traditional “Dragon Boat Festival” to represent good luck, 

health and prosperity for the year 

 

Parental Leave  

The Group adopts welfare practices and strives to build a family-friendly workplace culture 

by implementing family friendly working policies. This creates a healthier work-life balance, 

drives productivity, reduces absenteeism, attracts new staff and helps retain current staff. 

We are currently following the government requirements closely.  

 

In FY2018, the Group had a return-to-work rate of 100%. Out of the 2 female employees 

who have taken parental leave, both of them have resumed work with our Group thereafter. 

In the longer term, amongst the 9 female employees who resumed working with us after 

their parental leave in FY2017, 100% of them have remained employees of the Group for 

more than a year since.   

 

We organized a “Happy Summer Vacation” camp for employees’ children, and over 40 

children took part in this activity. This camp is conducted in collaboration with our labour 

union, with the purpose of relieving our employees of their parental duties and educating 

their children on co-curricular educational activities not covered in school.  








P a g e  | 17 

 

 

 

The group will continually work towards building a pro-parent workplace through 

enhancing our Group welfare practices and culture.  

 

9.2 Training and Education 

 

Today’s readily changing business environment calls for a competitive workforce attuned 

to the latest developments in skills and manufacturing capabilities. Investing in employee 

learning and development helps build a resilient and future-ready workforce, which will in 

turn provide a competitive edge for Fuxing’s future growth and success. Our employees 

acquire skills and expertise which will distinguish them from the market through 

opportunities provided by us and our industry partner networks. 

 

We provide our staff with equal opportunities for training and development based on their 

strengths and needs, to help them achieve their full potential. 

 

Annual performance appraisals 

As a company committed to meritocracy, our rewards and compensation policies are fairly 

based on employees’ performance. In 2018, we measure and align cross-functional and 

individual employee performance to support Fuxing’s key business strategies and 

corporate objectives. The system will provide us with a tool for communicating and 

reinforcing the philosophy and guidelines of incentivising performance. We also conduct 

annual performance appraisals which covers career development, for 99% of our 

employees, including managerial and non-managerial roles alike. 

 

 






P a g e  | 18 

 

 

9.3 Occupational Health and Safety 

 

Whilst keeping our strength of superior technical ability close at heart, we take pride in 

building a safe, conducive and healthy workplace as our commitment to developing our 

people.  Being a largely labour-intensive Group, we regard workplace safety with utmost 

importance and recognise our duty of care to account for the safety and health of each of 

our employees. We are constantly striving to build a safe and conducive workplace by 

ensuring that our Group complies with all relevant safety and environmental legislation, 

with the aim of minimizing the likelihood and impact of any possible hazardous occurrence.   

 

Safety Committee 

To facilitate the physical supervision of the workplace safety, and the relaying of workplace 

safety and health (“WSH”) related messages; we have established a Safety Committee. 

Collectively as a Group, the Safety Committee is headed by the General Manager, and 

comprises 3 Production Supervisors and 17 Head of Departments (“HODs”).  

 

The Safety Committee oversees the subsidiaries’ operations to ensure that safety 

standards are upheld at all times and also up to industry leading practices. In addition, 

the role and responsibilities of the Safety Committee includes reviewing, effectively 

implementing and reinforcing safety standards and regulations to ensure all areas of safety 

are adequately covered. The Committee members meet on a regular basis to review safety 

inspection results, infrastructures and incidents, as well as to coordinate and organise 

safety-related activities.  

 

Going forward, in order to facilitate the effectiveness of the supervision of workplace safety, 

the Group plans to have more ordinary workers join the safety committee. We advocate 

our employees to take responsibility for their own safety and health, thus the gradual 

proactive approach. 

 

All near-miss incidents and accidents would be promptly reported to the Safety Committee, 

which will further provide timely incident analysis briefings to the employees. These safety 

briefings aim to strengthen the safety awareness of employees, and also to remind them 

of established safety measures and precautions, as well as safety protocols in the event 

of similar incidents.   

 

 

 

 


P a g e  | 19 

 

 

We organized a “Operational Safety Risk Controls” workshop for all employees and hired 

an external consultant to share his valuable working experience and teaching materials to 

provide insights to the employees. They learnt the significance of the different levels of 

safety risk controls and how to effectively operate under such circumstances. 

 

Our employees had an enriching experience during the “Safety Production month” 

conducted in June 2018, to highlight the importance of, and strengthen the following 

aspects of production safety: 

• 

Safety inspection procedures during production; 

• 

Training and education on emergency procedures and evacuation routes; and 

• 

Strict adherence of safety production targets 

 

 

Fire Drills 

Fire drills are conducted twice a year to ensure that employees and workers are prepared 

in times of emergency, and all employees in the premise were required to participate in 

both fire and emergency drills held in FY2018. The drills were led by an external fire-

fighter and an internal safety officer, to educate our employees on the proper procedures 

to take during an emergency and how to operate a fire extinguisher. As fires have been 

prevalent in our area, they highlighted the importance of preventive and detective 

measures as well. 

 

 

 

 

 

 










P a g e  | 20 

 

 

Total Workplace Safety and Health at our Facilities 

As with our commitment to the safety and health of our people, we are continually 

upgrading our education and training provided to our employees to reduce the likelihood 

and impact of accidents and keeping our injury rates as close as to zero. 

 

With everyone’s full cooperation, there were zero cases of work-related injuries or 

occupational diseases in FY2018. We will continue to maintain our high standards of 

employee health and safety by enforcing mandatory safety policies and procedures, 

advocating a proactive approach; the idea of employees taking responsibility for their own 

safety and health. 

 

 

 


P a g e  | 21 

 

 

GRI Content Index 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

102-1 * 

Name of the 

organization 

Cover Page of Annual Report 

FY2018 

102-2 * 

Activities, brands, 

products, and 

services 

Page 1 of Annual Report FY2018 

102-3 * 

Location of 

headquarters 

Page 79 of Annual Report FY2018 

102-4 * 

Location of 

operations 

Page 79 of Annual Report FY2018 

102-5 * 

Ownership and 

legal form 

Page 79 of Annual Report FY2018 

102-6 * 

Markets served 

Page 1 of Annual Report FY2018 

102-7 * 

Scale of the 

organization 

Page 12 of Sustainability Report 

 

102-8 * 

Information on 

employees and 

other workers 

Pages 12 and 13 of Sustainability 

Report 

102-9 * 

Supply chain 

Page 10 of Sustainability Report 

102-10 * 

Significant changes 

to the organization 

and its supply 

chain 

None 

102-11 * 

Precautionary 

Principle or 

approach 

Page 1 of Sustainability Report 

102-12 * 

External initiatives 

Page 3 of Sustainability Report 

102-13 * 

Membership of 

associations 

Page 3 of Sustainability Report 

GRI 102: 

Strategy 

102-14 * 

Statement from 

senior decision-

maker 

Page 2 of Sustainability Report 

GRI 102: 

Ethics and 

Integrity 

102-16 * 

Values, principles, 

standards, and 

norms of behaviour 

Page 2 of Sustainability Report 

GRI 102: 

Governance 

102-18 * 

Governance 

structure 

Page 1 of Sustainability Report 

GRI 102: 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-40 * 

List of stakeholder 

groups 

Pages 4 and 5 of Sustainability 

Report 

102-41 * 

Collective 

bargaining 

agreements 

None 


P a g e  | 22 

 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

102-42 * 

Identifying and 

selecting 

stakeholders 

Pages 4 and 5 of Sustainability 

Report 

102-43 * 

Approach to 

stakeholder 

engagement 

Pages 4 and 5 of Sustainability 

Report 

102-44 * 

Key topics and 

concerns raised 

Page 6 of Sustainability Report 

GRI 102: 

Reporting 

Practice 

102-45 * 

Entities included in 

the consolidated 

financial 

statements 

Page 79 of Annual Report FY2018 

102-46 * 

Defining report 

content and topic 

Boundaries 

Page 1 of Sustainability Report 

102-47 * 

List of material 

topics 

Page 6 of Sustainability Report 

102-48 * 

Restatements of 

information 

None 

102-49 * 

Changes in 

reporting 

None 

102-50 * 

Reporting period 

FY2018 (1 January 2018- 31 

December 2018) 

102-51 * 

Date of most 

recent report 

SR 2017 published on 10 April 

2018 

102-52 * 

Reporting cycle 

Annual 

102-53 * 

Contact point for 

questions regarding 

the report 

Page 1 of Sustainability Report 

102-54 * 

Claims of reporting 

in accordance with 

the GRI Standards 

Core options (33 items) 

102-55 * 

GRI content index 

Pages 21 to 23 of Sustainability 

Report 

102-56 * 

External Assurance 

None 


P a g e  | 23 

 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 201: 

Economic 

Performance 

201-1 

Direct economic 

value generated 

and distributed 

Page 9 of Sustainability Report  

201-3 

Defined benefit 

plan obligations 

and other 

retirement plans 

Page 10 of Sustainability Report  

201-4 

Financial assistance 

received from 

government 

Page 10 of Sustainability Report  

GRI 204: 

Procurement 

Practices 

204-1 

Proportion of 

spending on local 

suppliers 

Page 10 of Sustainability Report  

GRI 301: 

Materials 

301-1 

Materials used by 

weight or volume 

Page 11 of Sustainability Report 

GRI 307: 

Environmenta

l Compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance 

with environmental 

laws and 

regulations 

Page 12 of Sustainability Report 

GRI 401: 

Employment 

401-1 

New employee 

hires and employee 

turnover  

Page 14 of Sustainability Report 

401-2 

Benefits provided 

to full-time 

employees that are 

not provided to 

temporary or part-

time employees 

Pages 15 and 16 of Sustainability 

Report 

401-3 

Parental leave 

Page 16 of Sustainability Report 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety 

403-1 

Workers 

representation in 

formal joint 

Management–

Worker Health and 

Safety Committees 

Pages 18 to 19 of Sustainability 

Report 

403-2 

Types of injury and 

rate of injury 

Page 20 of Sustainability Report 

GRI 404: 

Training and 

Education 

404-3 

Percentage of 

employees 

receiving regular 

performance and 

career 

development 

reviews 

Page 17 of Sustainability Report 

 

