
0 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2020 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




1 

 

 

Contents                                                                                                          Page 

 

ABOUT THE REPORT ......................................................................................................................................... 2 

FEEDBACK ........................................................................................................................................................ 2 

BOARD STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY ........................................................................................................ 2 

ABOUT THE GROUP.......................................................................................................................................... 4 

SR GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE ......................................................................................................................... 5 

STRATEGIC APPROACH FOR SUSTAINABILITY .................................................................................................. 5 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT ......................................................................................................................... 5 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT ............................................................................................................................. 7 

PROCUREMENT PRACTICE ............................................................................................................................... 8 

ENVIRONMENTAL ............................................................................................................................................ 9 

SOCIAL ............................................................................................................................................................ 10 

GOVERNANCE ................................................................................................................................................ 14 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX ................................................................................ 15 

 

 

 


2 

 

ABOUT THE REPORT 

Reporting Boundary  

As a guide, this report covers operations and all subsidiaries for which Fuxing China Group 

Limited (“Fuxing” or together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) has management control, unless 

otherwise stated. It seeks to prove an overview of our approach, practices, commitment, and 

performance of the Group’s material Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) topics. The 

report covers the sustainability performance of our substantial operations in the People’s 

Republic of China (“PRC”) from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”).  

Reporting Period &amp; Standard 

The reporting period is the same as that of the financial year of the Group (1 January 2020 to 31 

December 2020) and will be published on an annual basis in accordance with Singapore 

Exchange Limited (“SGX”) requirements. 

This report was prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards – 

“Core” reporting requirements. The GRI Standards is the most widely used and internationally 

accepted sustainability reporting framework. A GRI Index at the end of the report specifies the 

location of the relevant disclosures. 

Independent Assurance 

The ESG performance data presented in the report have mainly been extracted from internal 

information systems and original records to ensure accuracy. The Group has not sought external 

assurance for this sustainability report but have relied on internal verification to ensure the 

accuracy of data. 

FEEDBACK 

We are fully committed to our stakeholders and we welcome feedback on any aspect of our 

sustainability policies, processes and performance.  

Kindly address all feedback to oilinfxcg@gmail.com. Your feedback is vital to us in achieving our 

goals to build a sustainable and thriving business. As an attempt to promote environmental 

conservation, there will be no hard copies of this report.  

 

 




3 

 

BOARD STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY  

Fuxing China Group Limited (“Fuxing” or together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is pleased to 

issue its third sustainability report prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards and in 

compliance with the SGX-ST guidelines on sustainability reporting.  

The Group endeavours and is committed to continually consider material environmental, social 

and governance topics as part of our core business strategy. The report seeks to present an 

accurate and even account of our practices and performance in our quest to be a sustainable, 

responsible corporate citizen. 

The Board of Directors (“Board”) and senior management (“Management”) remains committed to 

establish and maintain an effective Sustainability Management framework, which is supported by 

underlying internal controls, risk management practices, clear accountability and reporting 

process. The Board evaluates and considers ESG risks and opportunities relevant to the Group 

during the formulation of overall business strategy, objectives and performance measurements.  

The Sustainability Reporting (“SR”) Committee supports the Management in identifying the type 

of relevant ESG topics caused by its day-to-day operations. Management then determines the 

materiality of the ESG topics based on the level of significance of impact, and influence on 

stakeholder values, and the achievement of the Group’s strategic objectives. The Board supports 

and approves the identification and assessment parameters of material ESG topics.  

The ESG topics in this report reviewed by the Board and Management is assessed to be material 

and relevant. The Board and Management shall continue to dedicate leadership and maintain a 

high standard of sustainability governance to drive continuous and long-term growth for all its 

stakeholders. The Group will continue to work towards a balanced disclosure on the management 

and monitoring of material ESG topics for continual improvement. 

 

 


4 

 

ABOUT THE GROUP 

Corporate Profile 

Since its establishment in 1993, Fuxing China has built up a credible track record and market 

reputation, having garnered over 20 awards in the past 15 years. Its proprietary “3F” brand has 

been named the “Symbolic Brand of China” by First Chinese Well Known brand Conference in 

2006 and “PRC Top 10 Famous Zipper Brands” by the Hardware Association of the PRC in 2005.  

In January 2007, Fuxing China’s products were awarded the Intertek Eco-Certification, which 

allows the Group’s products to be sold in the international markets. Today the Group’s zipper 

products are exported to Australia, the EU, Russia, Turkey, Korea, Thailand, Vietnam, Indonesia 

and many other countries.  

In 2008, the Group expanded its production facilities to Shanghai and Qingdao to develop new 

customer base and to be nearer to its existing customers there. More notably, in 2008, Fuxing 

China was named one of the 200 companies in Forbes Asia’s Fourth Annual Best Under a Billion 

List, which focuses on Asia Pacific companies with under $1 billion in sales. 

All our products are certified under the Intertek Eco-Certification, our manufacturing zipper 

products are produced in accordance with the PRC zipper industry standards. To ensure 

continuous innovation in product quality and improved efficiency, the Group places strong 

emphasis on product and technical Research and Development (“R&amp;D”). 

The Group owns a research partnership with the Software Institute of Xiamen University, with the 

aim of enhancing production efficiencies and automation in the manufacturing of zipper products. 

As a testament of our strength in R&amp;D, the Group’s R&amp;D facility was verified as a “Fujian 

Provincial Level Enterprise Technology Centre” back in December 2006. Towards the end of 

2009, the Group was also awarded the “New and High Technology Enterprise” by the Fujian 

Provincial Government. We currently own 18 design patents, 12 utility patents and 2 invention 

patents. 

Vision 

The Group aims to continuously seek business 

opportunities in line with our strategic growth and to 

deliver value to our customers and stakeholders as we 

continue to explore and expand our business 

operations.  

 

Within the industry, we have also upheld a reputation 

for quality and high standards in our operations, as 

well as excellence in our operations management. 

With a diversified customer base of over 1600 

customers in the PRC, Fuxing China’s end products 

are used by renowned brands such as Anta, 

Septwolves, CBA Leisu, LiNing, 361o, Samsonite, 

Fujian Peak and Northpole China, in a wide variety of 

end-products such as apparels, shoes, bags and 

camping equipment. 

Awards &amp; Certification  

As 

a 

group 

and 

across 

our 

subsidiaries, we have attained and 

maintained 

various 

awards 

and 

certifications, such as the following: 

 

Certification for ISO 9001: 2015 

Quality Management Systems 

 

ISO 14001: 2015 Certification – 

Environmental 

Management 

Systems 

 

ISO 18001: 2007 Occupational 

Health &amp; Safety  

 

 


5 

 

SR GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE 

Sustainability is integrated into our business and embedded across various roles and functions. 

The SR Committee, chaired by Mr Hong Qing Liang, our Executive Chairman and Chief 

Executive Officer (“CEO”), comprises specific working groups with senior management and board 

level representatives from across our different businesses executes and reports on the material 

ESG aspects. Additionally, the committee focuses in areas of formulating, implementing and 

reviewing the Group’s sustainable policies and practices, sustainability development programs 

and initiatives. The Board review and oversee the management and monitoring of the material 

ESG factors, as well as ensure that sustainability matters are considered as part of its business 

strategy, and in line with the Group’s strategic development. 

STRATEGIC APPROACH FOR SUSTAINABILITY 

Fuxing firmly believes that while our businesses are driven by earnings, what we do must also 

have a positive impact on environment, employees and all other stakeholders in our value chain. 

In FY2020, the Group has with the help of an independent external consultants reviewed and 

defined our approach to sustainability management. We have reviewed our existing non-financial 

topics concluded that these topics below are material to the sustainability of our financial 

performance and business operations.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

         Our Materiality Assessment Process 

Supported by a 

systematic &amp; 

interactive process 

to identify, 

categorise and 

prioritise material 

ESG topics 

 

Identify 

Define a list of 

potential material 

ESG topics 

 

 

Categorise 

Refine the list of 

topics by clustering 

them into 

categories  

 

Prioritise  

Engage SR Committee 

for feedback and 

validation of each topics 

based on importance to 

internal and external 

stakeholders 

1. Please refer to Financial Statement of the annual report. 

2. Please refer to the Corporate Governance section of the annual report for more details. 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

The Group recognises that knowing and understanding the demands and concerns of 

stakeholders is key to sustainable growth and that regular engagement with stakeholders helps 

us to better determine material areas of focus. The Group operates and maintains diverse 

communication channels and platforms to listen to stakeholders’ requirements and opinions. In 

FY2020, the SR Committee with the support of independent external consultant have reviewed 

and ascertained that employees, customers, shareholder and investors, and business partners 

are our key stakeholder groups (See Exhibit 2).  

Economic 

 

Environmental 

 

Social 

 

Governance 2 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Economic 

Performance 1 

 

Environmental 

Compliance 

 

Employment 

 

Anti-Corruption  















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Procurement 

Practices 

 

 

 

Training &amp; 

Development 

 

 















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

 

 

 

Occupational 

Health &amp; Safety 

 

 


































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































6 

 

Exhibit 2. Our Key Stakeholder Groups 

 

 

 

Employees 

We recognise that our employees are fundamental 

to the Group’s productivity and continuity. We aim 

to nurture them well to increase their engagement 

and contribution to the Group. 

 

How We 

Engage 

Main Concerns 

&amp; Expectations 

How We Respond 

 Regular 

Meetings 

 Open feedback 

platform 

 Annual 

performance 

appraisals 

 Teambuilding 

activities 

 Department 

updates 

 Training &amp; 

career 

development 

opportunities 

 Health &amp; 

Safety 

 Job security  

By adopting sound 

HR policies and 

practices that 

promote fair 

treatment and safe 

working conditions, 

rewards and 

recognition. 

 

Customers 

We strive to maximise our customer satisfaction, to 

increase our sales and revenue. We ensure that we 

understand our customers’ needs and expectations 

and we aim to build long lasting relationships with 

our customers to win their support and confidence. 

How We 

Engage 

Main Concerns 

&amp; Expectations 

How We Respond 

 Product sales 

channel 

 Customer 

service 

feedback 

 Regular direct 

engagement 

and active 

partnership. 

 Product and 

service quality 

 Group’s 

reputation in 

the market 

 Competition  

By establishing 

policies for quality 

control and 

assurance that 

ensure our goods 

are of excellent 

quality and to 

promptly address 

customer 

complaints. 

 

 

 

Shareholders and Investors 

We aim to maintain profitability and maximise 

shareholders’ return, as well as uphold a high 

standard of corporate governance and 

transparency. 

How We 

Engage 

Main Concerns 

&amp; Expectations 

How We Respond 

 Company 

website, phone 

and email 

channels 

 AGM / Analyst/ 

Investors 

meetings 

 SGX 

announcement 

and media 

release 

 Group strategic 

development  

 Current 

financial 

performance 

 Future 

business 

outlook  

By being 

transparent and 

proactive in 

engaging. The 

Group retains an 

investor relations 

firm to assist in the 

timely 

dissemination of 

material 

information. 

 

Business Partners 

We work closely with our suppliers, contractors and 

other partners to ensure that all our operations that 

were carried out are in line with our sustainability 

efforts and industry practices.  

How We 

Engage 

Main Concerns 

&amp; Expectations 

How We Respond 

 Regular 

meetings and 

visits 

 Phone and 

email channels 

 Integrity and 

effectiveness of 

tender process 

 Environmental, 

safety and 

health practices 

 Product and 

technology 

updates 

 Performance 

reviews 

By establishing 

policies and 

guidelines that 

ensure a fair 

selection and 

procurement 

process, and 

ethical business 

practices. 

 

 

List of Memberships of Association 

Aspiring to widen our exposure to industry standards and collaborate within and beyond the 

industry to improve on current sustainable practices. The Group participate as members of 

organisations that include: 

 

China National Hardware Association (“中国五金协会”) 

 

China Zipper Industry Association (“中国拉链协会”) 










7 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

Materiality with respect to sustainability reporting, as defined by GRI Standards, includes topics 

and indicators that reflect the organisation’s significant economic, environmental, and social 

impacts; and would substantively influence the assessments and decisions of stakeholders. 

Guided by an external independent consultant and having considered the topics of concerns and 

expectation of identified key stakeholders, the SR Committee together with the Management 

have assessed and prioritised the material topics to focus on for the Group.  

Material  

ESG Topics 

Targets and Commitments  

Key Highlights 

FY2020 

FY2019 

ECONOMIC 

Economic 

Performance 

Please refer to Financial Statement of the annual report. 

Procurement 

Practice 

 Create positive economic impact 

within our business eco-system. 

88% 

of 

materials 

purchased were from local 

suppliers. 

90% 

of 

materials 

purchased were from local 

suppliers. 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

Environmental 

Compliance 

 Zero incidents of non-compliance 

 No 

significant 

fines 

or 

non-

monetary 

sanctions 

for 

non-

compliance 

with 

environmental 

laws and regulations 

Zero incident of regulatory non-compliance maintained. 

No significant fines/non-monetary sanctions for non-

compliance with environmental laws and regulations. 

SOCIAL 

Fair 

Employment 

 Continue to promote diversity and 

equal opportunity in the workplace. 

 Comply with local labour 

regulations across our operations. 

The Group continues to embrace diversity and equal 

opportunity in the workplace. The Group also remained 

compliant with respective local regulations across our 

operations. There was no incident of complaints of 

discrimination against the Group. 

Please refer to Employment for employee gender and 

age breakdown. 

Training and 

Education 

 Maintain an average of 2 hours of 

training per employee annually. 

 Ensure learning and development 

roadmap account for future skills 

required to improve the efficiency 

of the business. 

Maintained an average of 

2.6 hours of training per 

employee. 

Maintained an average of 

2 hours of training per 

employee. 

100% 

of 

employee 

received performance and 

career 

development 

review.  

Occupational  

Health and 

Safety 

 Zero fatalities and/or workplace 

injuries. 

Zero workplace fatalities, total permanent injuries and 

occupational health and diseases. 

No loss days due to injuries. 

2 fire drills and safety talks conducted. 

GOVERNANCE 

Anti-

Corruption 

 Zero tolerance to bribery and 

corruption, 

including 

facilitation 

payment. 

No confirmed cases of corruption and/or substantiated 

whistle-blowing cases. 

 

The material ESG topics were also reviewed by the Board and determined as being relevant. 

Moving forward, to keep abreast of critical issues, the SR Committee, supporting the Board in its 

oversight, will continue to review annually material ESG topics against the changing business 

environment, stakeholder opinions, and emerging global and local trends. 


8 

 

PROCUREMENT PRACTICE 

The Group firmly believes that its suppliers and subcontractors as key business partners that are 

capable to create positive economic impact, thus enhancing stakeholder’s return. In this respect, 

the Group maintains a rigorous selection process in vendors selection, which are based on the 

past track records and adherence to occupational health and safety standards.  

We have also developed procurement policies and guidelines to guide our process, such as:  

 

Guidelines and procedures in selecting and evaluating vendors  

 

Code of conduct when dealing with vendors  

As part of supplier onboarding, suppliers are assessed under stringent criteria. These include 

track records, financial strength as well as commitments towards high quality, health and safety 

standards and sustainability. As we consider sustainability as one of the key factors in selecting a 

supplier, for that reason, we evaluate the potential candidates based on their sustainability 

performance and practices. Often, there would be a collaboration with partners and supplier to 

redesign our product offerings to reduce the negative impact on the environment in this area. 

All of our suppliers are required to submit relevant environment certifications to prove they are 

licensed or certified according to the law and regulations. Additionally, we conduct random 

periodic checks to ensure they are following the relevant laws and regulations. The Group carries 

out the necessary due diligence, so as not to compromise on quality or allow our suppliers to 

have any detrimental effects on the environment.  

The Group purchases a range of raw materials from its suppliers, with polyester and zinc alloy 

being our main raw materials. Purchases from local material suppliers accounted for 88% of the 

total purchases in FY2020 compared to 90% in FY2019. During the reporting period, the Group’s 

raw material purchases amounted to RMB 303.4 million/ approximate SGD 61.6 million  (FY2019: 

RMB 313.0 million/ approximate SGD 60.4 million). 

We will continue to remain fully committed to continue procuring responsibly while generating 

positive economic and social benefits for the local community we operate in. 

 

 


9 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL  

To address global issues of resource scarcity and a changing climate, we recognise the 

importance of integrating environmental considerations into the Group’s business decisions. We 

are committed to understanding, managing and minimizing our environmental footprint across our 

value chain, including our business operations, suppliers and customers. Our environment efforts 

are largely focused on maximizing material utilisation and optimising energy consumption. We will 

continue to strengthen our expertise in the areas of environmental programs and be selective 

about the strategic initiatives that will yield a greater positive impact in the future. 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

Environmental compliance forms an integral part of the Group’s sustainability philosophy. With 

increased pressure on corporations to be accountable for their environmental footprint and rising 

cost of natural resources, we endeavour to not just comply but also integrate the best 

sustainability practices across business operations to reduce adverse environmental impact on 

the ecosystem.  

Over the years, the Group’s operations continue to conform to local environmental laws and 

regulations. The Group maintains a zero tolerance for non-compliance and encourage our 

stakeholders to report any incidences via our established whistle blowing channels. All 

employees of Fuxing are encouraged to be proactive and forthcoming in managing and reporting 

environmental related issues and complaints.  

In FY2020, there were no incidents of non-compliance and penalties pertaining to environmental-

related issues. The Board and Management continues to review and improve current 

environmental management system and practices and ensure that all our activities and 

operations comply with regulatory and customers’ requirements. It is of utmost importance to the 

Group that we maintain this unblemished record. 

Moving Forward 

To maintain the highest standard of environmental compliance, our commitment and target, the 

Management will continue to review and improve current environmental management system and 

practices and ensure that all our activities and operations comply with existing regulatory 

requirements.  

 

 


10 

 

SOCIAL 

 

EMPLOYMENT 

Our employees are one of our most valuable assets and the Group believes in and is committed 

to fair employment practices, upholding human rights principles and investing in developing and 

training our people.  

As of 31 December 2020, we have a total of 733 fulltime employees. In general, the Group has 

maintained a strong and healthy workforce in spite of the relatively high turnover rate which is 

inherent in the manufacturing industries. Employment numbers for high-skilled positions remains 

consistent, with our key management personnel unchanged in FY2020. 

 

 

FY2020 

FY2019 

Total No. of Employees 

 

733 

 

715 

 

Distribution by Gender (%) 

 

 

 

 

          47% 

      53% 

          47% 

     53% 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total No. of New Hire by Age Group 

 

New Hire Distribution 

FY2020 

FY2019 

158 

51 

Male: 49% 

Female: 51% 

Male: 39% 

Female: 61% 

&lt; 30  

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

&lt; 30  

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

52 

90 

16 

15 

27 

9 

% of New Hire by Age Group  

33% 

57% 

10% 

30% 

53% 

17% 

 

 Turnover Distribution 

 

FY2020 

FY2019 

 

 

 

 

 

Total No. of Turnover by Age Group 

140 

235 

Male: 49% 

Female: 51% 

Male: 52% 

Female: 48% 

&lt; 30  

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

&lt; 30  

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

58 

50 

32 

99 

110 

26 

% of Turnover by Age Group 

41% 

36% 

23% 

42% 

47% 

7% 

 

We strive to foster an inclusive and performance driven work environment to attract, retain and 

develop our talents. As an equal opportunity employer, the Group has instituted a fair system to 

ensure equal opportunities and non-preferential treatment for all employees. There is no 

preference or prejudice towards religion, age, ethnicity, any physical disability or gender. 

Employees are required to observe and adhere to all relevant policies and practices. The Group 

makes a conscious effort to maintain diversity in the middle management, to generate creativity 

and innovation and improve the organization’s culture. There were no reported incidences of 

discrimination raised by our employees in FY2020. 














11 

 

The Group also has an open-door policy where employees are encouraged to speak-up or report 

grievances directly to their superior, head of department, human resource department, chief 

executive officer and/or independent directors. This is to reinforce our commitment to our 

employees to provide them with a workplace that is healthy, safe and secure. Across our 

business segments, there were no workplace grievance cases reported in FY2020. 

Employee Remuneration and Benefit 

The Group recognises the valuable contribution of all employees. We strongly believe in fair 

remuneration and sets packages which are competitive and sufficient to attract, retain and 

motivate personnel with adequate experience and expertise to manage the business and 

operations of the Group. In setting remuneration packages, the Group takes into account the 

regulatory requirements, salary, and employment conditions within the same industry and in 

comparable companies. In FY2020, in addition to the competitive remuneration offered, we 

extended our employees a set of benefits including but not limited to: 

Employment Benefits 

Descriptions 

Life insurance  

In the event that our employee becomes critically ill or permanently disabled, their 

loved ones will receive a sum of money to provide them with financial protection and 

coverage against risks. 

Medical insurance  

Employees are reimbursed for visits to the General Practitioners (“GPs”) and dentist, 

and covered under medical insurance. 

Disability insurance  

All our employees are covered under personal accident insurance and work-related 

injury. For instance, the organization will reimburse any rehabilitation costs or 

monthly pay-outs for each case of disability.  

Maternity leave  

Eligible female employees are entitled to maternity leave when applicable. 

Retirement provision  

For employees qualified for pension approaching the retirement age, government 

will provide them with monthly support during their retirement. 

 

The Group is in full compliance with local labour regulations across our operations, as well as 

minimum wage laws, where such laws exist. Being in an industry that is largely labour-intensive, 

we are dedicated to constantly reviewing our employment policies, benefits and remuneration 

practices to ensure compliance with the updated employment laws, to keep up with the best 

industry practices to provide the optimal working conditions for our people. In FY2020, the Group 

had a return-to-work rate of 50% for employees who have taken parental leave. The Group will 

continually work towards building a pro-parent workplace through enhancing our Group welfare 

practices and culture. 

The Group continually cultivates a transparent and inclusive environment for all employees, as 

well as ensures a top-down approach to promote fair and ethical business dealings. Fuxing 

maintains zero tolerance towards unethical labour practices such as child labour, forced labour, 

slavery and human trafficking across all our operations.  

 

 


12 

 

TRAINING &amp; DEVELOPMENTS 

The Group recognises that employees need to stay informed and be updated in their skill sets in 

the ever-changing work environment.  

To encourage and support our employees to develop their fullest potential and have a fulfilling 

career, both on-the-job and ad-hoc trainings are made available to our employees. Employees 

are encouraged to attend courses which are relevant to their work nature. 

 

 

FY2020 

FY 2019 

Average Hours of Training  

Per Employee 

 

~ 2.6 hours  

 

~ 2 hours 

 

Programmes for Upgrading Employee Skills and Transition Assistance 

The Group is committed to allocate budget and plan skills upgrading to equip employees to meet 

strategic targets of the Group. We believe that more skilled employees enhance Fuxing’s human 

capital and contribute to employees’ satisfaction, which will then enhance overall performance. 

Performance and Career Development Review 

Performance and career development review of employees should be performed during the 

annual performance appraisal process. This process allows two-way communication and 

engagement between supervisors and subordinates to assess the performance of the employee. 

Upon completion of the appraisal process, consideration of career advancement such as 

promotion; quantum of salary increments, and annual variable bonus will be determined based on 

the performance appraisal results. However, due to operation loss (Loss from Operations for 

FY2020 : RMB 130.8 million/ approximate SGD 26.4 million) impacted by Covid-19 pandemic, 

there is no promotion and increment for all employees during FY2020. Thus, formal annual 

performance appraisal process is not conducted. Nevertheless, the Group encourages 

engagement between supervisors and subordinates and informal feedbacks were given to 

subordinates during daily operations.  

In FY2020, all employees were assessed and remunerated fairly based on their experience, 

qualifications and performance.  

The Group shall continue to provide training and education opportunities through development 

programmes wherever applicable and promote a conducive corporate environment where 

everyone could achieve their potential.  

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH &amp; SAFETY 

Safety is an integral part of our business, and a key focus area for our board of directors and 

senior management. Whilst keeping our strength of superior technical ability close at heart, we 

take pride in building a safe, conducive and healthy workplace as our commitment to developing 

our people.  

Being a largely labour-intensive Group, we regard workplace safety with utmost importance and 

recognise our duty of care to account for the safety and health of each of our employees. We are 

constantly striving to build a safe and conducive workplace by ensuring that our Group complies 

with all relevant safety and environmental legislation, with the aim of minimizing the likelihood and 

impact of any possible hazardous occurrence. The Group have developed a list of protocols and 

precautions for workers, to ensure that their safety is fully covered in all areas of work. 






13 

 

Occupational Health &amp; Safety Management Framework 

Health &amp; Safety System Aligned to That of OHSAS 

18001:2007 

 

 

 

 

Safety Committee Oversight 

To facilitate the physical supervision of the 

workplace 

safety, 

and 

the 

relaying 

of 

workplace safety and health (“WSH”) related 

messages; we have established a Safety 

Committee. Collectively as a Group, the Safety 

Committee is headed by the General Manager, 

and comprises 3 Production Supervisors and 

17 Head of Departments (“HODs”). 

The 

Safety 

Committee 

oversees 

the 

subsidiaries’ operations to ensure that safety 

standards are upheld at all times and also up 

to industry leading practices. In addition, the 

role 

and 

responsibilities 

of 

the 

Safety 

Committee 

includes 

reviewing, 

effectively 

implementing and reinforcing safety standards 

and regulations to ensure all areas of safety 

are adequately covered. The Committee 

members meet on a regular basis to review 

safety inspection results, infrastructures and 

incidents, as well as to coordinate and 

organise safety-related activities.  

 

The Group seeks to learn from past mistakes and strive to prevent similar incidents from 

reoccurring. All near-miss incidents and accidents would be promptly reported to the Safety 

Committee, which will further provide timely incident analysis briefings to the employees. These 

safety briefings aim to strengthen the safety awareness of employees, and to remind them of 

established safety measures and precautions, as well as safety protocols in the event of similar 

incidents.  

Workplace Health &amp; Safety Performance 

Category 

FY2020 

FY2019 

Death or Total Permanent Disabilities 

0 

0 

Occupational Injury and Disease 

0 

0 

 

In FY2020, there were no incidents of fatalities across Fuxing’s business operations. The Group 

strives to continue to maintain its health &amp; safety standards and continuous improvement in its 

Operational Health and Safety processes and performance. Moving forward, in order to facilitate 

the effectiveness of the supervision of workplace safety, the Group plans to have more ordinary 

workers join the safety committee. We advocate our employees to take responsibility for their 

own safety and health, thus the gradual proactive approach.  

In addition, Fuxing adheres to the safety measures issued by various advisories and guidance 

issued by the authorities pertaining to Covid-19 to safeguard the health and safety of our 

employees, customers and stakeholders.  

 

Policy  

Planning 

Implementatio

n and 

Operation 

Checking and 

Correction 

Action 

Management 

Review 

Continual 

Improvement 


14 

 

GOVERNANCE 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

Fuxing is committed to uphold the highest standards of corporate governance and business 

integrity across its business activities, which are essential for the long-term viability of the Group’s 

businesses and the enhancement of shareholder value. The Board undertakes to investigate 

complaints of suspected fraud in an objective manner and has put in place a whistle-blowing 

policy and procedures which provide employees with well-defined and accessible channels within 

the Group, including a direct channel to the Audit Committee, for reporting suspected bribery, 

corruption, dishonest practices or other similar matters. 

The policy aims to encourage the reporting of such matters in good faith, with the confidence that 

employees making such reports will be treated fairly and, to the extent possible, be protected 

from reprisal. The policy and its effectiveness will be reviewed by the Audit Committee 

periodically, with recommendations regarding updates or amendments, if any, to be made to the 

Board as required. In FY2020, there were no incidents of regulatory non-compliance across 

Fuxing’s group of businesses. There were also no reported incidents pertaining to whistleblowing 

for this reporting period under review. The Group continues to work towards reinforcing a full 

compliance culture. 

Moving Forward 

The Audit Committee continues to support the Board in its oversight of anti-corruption and is 

responsible for driving Fuxing’s focus on implementing effective compliance and governance 

systems. At an operational level, the respective department within the Group continues to be 

responsible to identify, self-assess the adequacy and effectiveness of mitigating measures, and 

manage their financial, operational, information technology, compliance and reputational related 

risks. 

Please refer to the Corporate Governance section of the annual report for more information. 

 

 


15 

 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX 

This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

102-1 * 

Name of the 

organization 

Cover Page 

102-2 * 

Activities, brands, products, 

and services 

Page 4,  

Refer to AR FY2020 – 

Notes to The Finance Statement – Note 1  

102-3 * 

Location of 

headquarters 

Hangbian Industrial Area, Longhu Town, 

Jinjiang City, Fujian Province, The PRC 

102-4 * 

Location of operations 

Refer to AR FY2020 – 

Notes to The Finance Statement – 

Note 17 Investment in Subsidiaries 

102-5 * 

Ownership and legal 

form 

Refer to AR FY2020 – 

Notes to The Finance Statement – 

Note 17 Investment in Subsidiaries 

102-6 * 

Markets served 

Page 4,  

Refer to AR FY2020 – 

Note 4 Revenue by Geographical Segment 

102-7 * 

Scale of the 

organization 

Page 10 

102-8 * 

Information on 

employees and other workers 

Page 10 

102-9 * 

Supply chain 

Page 8 

102-10 * 

Significant changes to 

the organization and its 

supply chain 

No significant changes 

102-11 * 

Precautionary principle 

or approach 

Page 5 

102-12 * 

External initiatives 

Page 4 

102-13 * 

Membership of 

associations 

Page 6 

GRI 102: 

Strategy 

102-14 * 

Statement from senior 

decision-maker 

Refer to AR FY2020 

 Chairman’s Message 

GRI 102: 

Ethics and 

Integrity 

102-16 * 

Values, principles, 

standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Page 4 

GRI 102: 

Governance 

102-18 * 

Governance structure 

Page 5 

Refer to AR FY2020  

Corporate Governance 

Corporate Structure 


16 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 102: 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-40 * 

List of stakeholder groups 

Page 5-6 

102-41 * 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 * 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

Page 5-6 

102-43 * 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

Page 6 

102-44 * 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Page 6 

GRI 102: 

Reporting 

Practice 

102-45 * 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial statements 

Refer to AR FY2020 – 

 Notes to The Finance Statement – Note 2.2 

102-46 * 

Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries 

Page 2 

102-47 * 

List of material topics 

Page 7 

102-48 * 

Restatements of information 

No restatement 

102-49 * 

Changes in reporting 

No significant changes from previous reporting 

periods in the list of material topics and topic 

boundaries. 

102-50 * 

Reporting period 

Page 2 

102-51 * 

Date of most recent report 

FY2019 Sustainability Report 

102-52 * 

Reporting cycle 

1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 

102-53 * 

Contact point for 

questions regarding the report 

Page 2 

 

102-54 * 

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

Core option 

 

102-55 * 

GRI content index 

Page 15 - 17 

 

102-56 * 

External assurance 

The Group has not sought external assurance for 

this sustainability report. 

GRI 204: 

Procurement 

Practices 

204-1 

Proportion of spending on local 

suppliers 

Page 8 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 

DMA 

Management approach disclosures 

Page 9 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations 

Page 9 

 

 


17 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 401: 

Employment 

DMA 

Management approach disclosures 

Page 10  

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

Page 10 

401-2 

Benefits provided to 

full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or 

part-time employees 

Page 11 

401-3 

Parental leave 

Page 11 

GRI 403: 

Occupational  

Health and Safety 

DMA 

Management approach disclosures 

Page 12-13 

403-1 

Occupational Health and Safety Management System 

Page 12-13 

403-9 

Work-related injuries 

Page 13 

GRI 404:  

Training  

and Education 

DMA 

Management approach disclosures 

Page 12 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employee  

Page 12 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 

assistance programmes 

Page 12 

404-3 

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance 

and career development reviews 

Page 12 

GRI 205: 

Anti-corruption 

DMA 

Management approach disclosures 

Page 14, 

 Refer to AR FY2020 – 

 Corporate Governance 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

Page 14, 

 Refer to AR FY2020 – 

 Corporate Governance 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


18 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

