
Page 1 of 10 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2017 

 

Board Statement 

GCCP Resources Limited (“GCCP” or the “Company”) and together with its subsidiaries (the “Group”) 

has embraced the values of sustainability management since the early days of its operations. 

Sustainability has always been a part and parcel of GCCP’s culture as we strive to achieve continual 

financial performance and uninterrupted growth. Recognising the ever-increasing relevance of 

sustainability in our business values, our statement on sustainability aims to illustrate our strategic 

approach to address sustainability challenges and opportunities in contributing towards the betterment of 

the business, environment and society. 

With support from the Board, the management establishes a framework for its sustainability efforts in 

identifying, managing and addressing environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) factors that are 

material to the Group’s business. The Board considers sustainability issues as part of its strategic 

formulation, determines the material ESG factors and oversees the management and monitors the 

material ESG factors. Owing to its extensive global acceptance, we have adopted the globally 

recognised Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Sustainability Reporting Guidelines, which allows for 

comparability of our performance.  

This report, produced in accordance with the GRI guidelines, includes the primary components as set 

out in Practice Note 7F of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing 

Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist Rules”) for sustainability reporting. It summarises the 

Group’s effort towards sustainability with addresses made to GCCP’s material ESG matters for the year 

ended 31 December 2017 (“FY2017”).  

The Group will continue to make improvements to its sustainability efforts and work with its stakeholders 

towards promoting sustainability in its businesses.  

 

Sustainability Governance 

GCCP’s sustainability efforts are led by the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and supported by the 

operations working group in assessing and reviewing the Group’s sustainability efforts. The working 

group comprise of representatives from operation, sales and marketing and finance departments. The 

working group meets yearly to plan and review the progress and updating of the sustainability efforts. 

Where necessary, frequency of discussions is increased. 

 

Materiality Assessment 

At GCCP, assessing materiality of ESG factors to our business operations is an on-going process. We 

have taken steps to incorporate standard disclosures from the GRI reporting framework on sustainability 

reporting. The process employs a prioritisation approach, taking into consideration important 

sustainability issues from both the perspectives of GCCP as well as its key stakeholders.  

In FY2017, based on a review of our business, strategy, business model and key stakeholders, the 

following material ESG factors were considered most relevant to GCCP. In our inaugural report, the 

materiality assessment was guided by inputs from our management and key representatives from 

business units as well as some external stakeholders. Going forward, materiality review will be 


Page 2 of 10 

 

conducted every year, incorporating broader inputs gathered from wider range of identified stakeholders’ 

engagement.  

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

The Group believes in keeping a close knit relationship with our stakeholders for its relevance to 

sustainability across the value chain. The views of stakeholders contribute to the identification of material 

ESG factors. On a continuing basis, regular and sustained engagement with stakeholders provides us 

with an up-to-date picture of the sustainability within both our business and physical environments. 

The following table represents the stakeholder engagement methods and concerns which the Group 

adopt in our sustainability practices to meet the ESG requirements.  

Stakeholders 

Area of Concern 

Means of Engagement 

Section Reference 

Employees  

 

Remuneration and 

benefits 

 

Training and 

development 

 

 

Ethics and conduct 

 

Diversity and fair 

employment  

 

 

Health and Safety 

 

Performance appraisal 

 

 

Career development and 

communication 

 

 

Training and education 

 

Regular meetings 

 

 

Employee hand book 

 

 

Our People 

 

 

Business Integrity 

 

 

Corporate Governance 

Customers 

 

Quality of supplies 

 

 

Competitive pricing 

 

 

Timely deliveries 

 

 

Customer 

satisfaction 

 

 

Sample testing 

 

 

Regular customers’ 

feedbacks and customer 

satisfactory survey 

 

 

Customers’ site visits 

 

 

Information on 

Customers 

 

 

Business Integrity 

Suppliers 

 

Timely payment 

practices 

 

 

Supplier evaluation meetings 

 

Information on Suppliers 

 

 

Business Integrity 

 

Regulators 

 

Compliance with 

stock exchange 

requirements 

 

 

Compliance with 

local government 

laws and regulations 

 

 

Compliance reports 

 

 

Announcements and 

mandatory disclosures 

 

 

Annual submission of 

environmental report 

 

Environmental 

Management 

 

 

Business Integrity 

 

Shareholders 

 

Economic 

performance 

 

 

Disclosures of financial 

results, announcements and 

relevant disclosures via 

SGXNet and press releases 

 

 

Annual General Meeting 

 

 

Company website and 

communication channels 

 

 

 

Corporate Governance 

 

 

Business Integrity 


Page 3 of 10 

 

 

1. Our People  

 

1.1. 

Information on Employees  

 

The Group values the contribution from every employee and is determined to provide an enticing 

and safe environment that allows employees to feel motivated and have the sense of belonging 

working with the Company. We are committed to support and assist our employees regardless of 

work or personal matters. The assistance provided to the employees are in the forms of training, 

counselling and financial assistance to enable them to achieve their goals and gaining broader 

exposure in work. Although we do not set stringent policies in these areas but we adopt the 

approach of a family-like practice and always maintain an open door to the employees who seek 

for guidance and support. 

 

We are satisfied with the turnover rate of employees in FY2017 which is merely at 2% due to the 

effort mentioned above to retain our treasured employees. The Group aims to maintain the low 

turnover rate of employees in the years to come. 

 

1.2. 

Occupational Health and Safety 

 

GCCP is committed to providing all employees with a safe and healthy workplace. The Group’s 

Safety, Health and Environment Committee endeavour to achieve the highest standards of 

occupational safety and health at all times to ensure a safe and healthy working environment for 

all our workers, contractors and visitors. We conduct trainings and campaigns related to safety 

and health on a regular basis for the benefit of all. Weekly briefings on safety and health matters 

are also conducted to maintain awareness and create an environment in which staff can share 

information on improving workplace safety. 

 

Our workers are encouraged to attend Occupational First Aid courses to equip themselves with 

important skills of administering first aid treatment in the event of an emergency or accident. All 

staff must strictly adhere to the relevant operating procedures under the Group’s policies and 

procedures as well as the safety regulations. Our safety policies clearly state all the terms and 

guidelines to follow in our working environment and also the awareness on safety and 

environment issues especially related the working site. The guidelines ranges from the safety 

attire, safety procedures, operating hours and all the rules during the stay and visit to our work 

locations. Site workers are trained and educated about health and safety rules and are provided 

with a copy of our own “Safety, Health and Environmental Manual” which were written specifically 

to meet our safety requirements. To reduce the risks of workplace injuries, we also conduct 

regular trainings for our workers on how to safely operate our machinery to ensure they are 

familiar with its potential dangers.   

 

In FY2017, there were no occasions of work-related injuries or fatality at our quarries. We are 

committed to maintaining zero incidents of work-related hazards and a zero-fatality record at all 

times. 

 

 

 

 

 

 


Page 4 of 10 

 

 

1.3. 

Training and Development 

 

Employees are a vital component of a company’s business. We believe in continuous training 

and development of our employees, who are undoubtedly our most valued assets. In FY2017, 

employees were provided with an average of 24 hours of training in a year. The Group hopes to 

continue to provide employees with training as and when the opportunities arise. 

 

We invest in our employees, so that they could grow professionally and achieve their full potential. 

We have sponsored an employee to be trained as a certified Safety Officer and who is now in-

charge of the occupational, health and safety of our Group.  New recruits will be given a formal 

and comprehensive orientation to familiarise themselves with the businesses, governance and 

operations of the Group. The newly appointed staff will also be given an opportunity for a site visit 

to the quarries. 

 

For staff involved in site operations, the Group deploys a range of machinery in the course of 

blasting, extraction, transportation and crushing of calcium carbonate rocks. Our workers thus 

attend training programmes that certify their expertise in the operations of certain machinery.  

 

 

2. Information on Customers 

 

GCCP is selling Precipitated Calcium Carbonate (“PCC”) grade and Ground Calcium Carbonate (“GCC”) 

limestone chips and lumps to both domestic and overseas clients. The Group focus on innovative 

measures to maximise productivity in order to always meet the demand from our customers. Quality is 

also one of our main focus and to achieve this we are committed to check the quality of our deposits and 

reserves by carrying out regular testing on site and off site.  

 

We never stop communicating with our valued customers to exchange information on their needs and 

requirements and continuously review and improve our working standards. 

 

 

3. Information on Suppliers  

 

We see our suppliers as our business partners and keep a very close working relationship. Their quick 

support and to provide new ideas and solutions are vital to the efficiency and effectiveness of our 

business operations. Regular reviews and discussions are conducted between us to ensure a smooth 

and robust procurement system is in place as part of our sustainability practices. 

 

 

4. Environmental Management 

 

GCCP has always committed to comply with the legal and regulatory requirements of the Malaysian 

Department of Environment (“DOE”) and other regulators and authorities. To this end, environmental 

protection measures and considerations have long been embedded in our processes and day-to-day 

operations. 

 

The Group has successfully renewed the respective Quarry Approval Letters, known as Surat Kelulusan 

Pengkuarian (“SKP”) in Malaysia, for GLD Mine and Hyper Act Quarry 1. Hyper Act Quarry 2 has also 

obtained its SKP. An SKP is required for all quarry operations and is subject to annual renewal. 

 


Page 5 of 10 

 

As part of the SKP application and renewal process, the Group is required to submit its latest 

Environment Impact Assessment (“EIA”) for the quarries, including an Environmental Management Plan 

(“EMP”) and Erosion and Sediment Control Plan (“ESCP”), to the Director-General of the DOE for review 

and approval. The DOE has highlighted three major environmental risks associated with the quarrying 

business: water quality, noise and vibration levels and air quality.  

 

The primary environmental legislation in Malaysia is the Environmental Quality Act (1974) which shall 

apply to the whole Malaysia. In Section 34(A), it states that “any person intending to carry out any of the 

prescribed activities shall, before any approval for the carrying out of such activity is granted by the 

relevant approving authority, submit a report to the Director General. The report shall be in accordance 

with the guidelines prescribed by the Director General and shall contain an assessment of the impact 

such activity will have or is likely to have on the environment and the proposed measures that shall be 

undertaken to prevent, reduce or control the adverse impact on the environment”. The Environmental 

Quality Act (1974) regulated a list of possible environmental emission during different industrial activities, 

including: 

─ 

Atmospheric pollution; 

─ 

Noise pollution; 

─ 

Soil pollution; 

─ 

Inland water pollution; and 

─ 

Discharge of oil and wastes into Malaysian water. 

 

GCCP has implemented a number of measures to mitigate the environmental impact associated with the 

quarrying activities of which information can be found below. 

 

4.1. 

Mitigation measures implemented related to quarrying activities  

 

Blasting is a major quarry activity. Impact from blast vibration is limited because the nearest off 

lease structure is more than 300m away and the charge masses per delay in the blast designs 

are such as to predict minimal vibration levels at the lease boundaries. For airblast and noise, 

since the quarries are in a non-sensitive area in that the nearest residential houses are more than 

500m from the mine gate. Hence noise and airblast are unlikely to be significant if properly 

controlled during each blast.  

 

For blasting operation, GCCP adopted the following measures to reduce the impact from airblast 

and noise: 

 

Detonating cord will not be used as the trunk-line  

 

Initiation will be from bottom of blast hole; 

 

Stemming column to be sufficient, at least 30 times the diameter of the blast hole; and 

 

Quarry fines to be used as stemming material. 

 

For flying rock from blasting, GCCP adopted the following procedures to avoid occurrence of fly 

rock: 

 

Use adequate ring burden according to the rock face profile. Avoid top priming of blast 

hole; 

 

Quarry fines to be used as stemming material. The stemming column will not be less than 

the burden or 30 times the blast hole diameter; 

 

Overcharging of holes is to be checked; and 

 

Avoid secondary blasting. If it needs to be carried out, the blast hole shall be drilled at the 

centre of the boulder and the correct charge to be used.   


Page 6 of 10 

 

 

For dust emission control, GCCP has adopted the following measures to mitigate the impact: 

 

Rock mass at the blast will be fragmented under extremely high pressure at the time of 

detonation creating considerable dust over a short duration; 

 

To wet the anticipated area before the blast; 

 

Water are sprayed at all rock transfer points and roadways are watered down on a regular 

basis to reduce dust from crushing and screening; 

 

Quarry operator employs water truck to continuously wetting the haulage roads; and  

 

Trucks loaded with materials will have their wheels cleaned in a drive-through wash-bay 

when they are leaving the quarry. 

 

4.2. 

Dumping, water and waste management 

 

Rock extracted from the quarry faces will be transported to a 25-acre site at the base of the 

haulage ramp. There will not be much overburden dumping as most of it will be reused as fill, 

either in the access ramp itself, or in expanding the working area at the base of the ramp. For 

overburden materials and waste rock, if any, will be used for access road maintenance and 

rehabilitation purposes during the development stage of the quarry. Any remaining waste will be 

dumped onto a predetermined dumping site for future use. 

 

Surface run off resulting from precipitation within the benching operation will be guided to flow 

into sediment settling ponds before entering the local drainage system which ultimately feeds into 

Sg. Sengat. The lease area includes extensive ponds which can serve as silt traps and the need 

to accommodate higher volumes of water run off during the rainy season will be manageable. 

Water management practices of the GLD Mine and both the HAM Mines have been approved by 

the relevant authorities upon obtaining the SKPs. The water runoff is collected in two water 

storage areas located immediately to the north of the GLD mine. Both the HAM Mines operate on 

a similar water drainage system where the water filled pits from previous alluvial tin mines 

provide water storage and silt traps.  

 

There are proper and safe handling procedures for used diesel and lubricants in the quarry to 

prevent spillage which will pollute both the surface and underground water. Used oils and 

lubricants are stored in special containers and are kept in a store prior to disposal sold to outside 

buyers. 

 

Factoring in these risks, the DOE makes recommendations on the appropriate mitigation and 

monitoring measures to be incorporated in our EMP and ESCP at every review. The Group is 

required to submit a monitoring report to DOE on a yearly basis. The implementation is then 

audited by a third party environmental auditor registered with DOE. DOE has assessed and 

approved our EIA, confirming our compliance with environmental regulations. 

 

There were no incidence of non-compliance with laws and regulations resulting in significant fines 

or sanctions in FY2017, and we target to maintain this track record. 

 

5. Business Integrity 

We are committed to conduct our affairs in an ethical, responsible and transparent manner. GCCP 

requires Directors, officers and employees to observe highest standards of business and personal ethics 

in the conduct of their duties and responsibilities. GCCP advocates ethical business conduct in the 

Group’s dealings and operations, and has zero tolerance for bribery and corruption. All employees shall 


Page 7 of 10 

 

abide by the rules of the code and discipline under the Group’s policies and procedures. Each of the 

employees is given an “Employee Hand Book” at the start of employment and they will go through an 

orientation session with the Human Resource Officer to understand the Group’s policies, rules and 

especially the working culture so that they are well prepared to embark on their career with GCCP.  

To this effect, we encourage our stakeholders to disclose suspected wrongdoings which may involve or 

concern our Group’s Directors, management, employees, performance, relations with other stakeholders, 

assets and reputation. 

The Company has in place the Whistleblower Protection Policy, which is available on the Company’s 

website, enables employees and others to raise serious concerns internally so that GCCP can address 

and correct inappropriate conduct and actions. Arrangements are also in place for the independent 

investigation of such incidents and for appropriate follow up action. The Company is pleased to inform 

that there were no whistleblowing reports received in FY2017. The Company will continue to ensure that 

it maintains the highest standards of business integrity in the upcoming years. 

 

6. Corporate Governance 

At GCCP, we are committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance. More details about 

GCCP’s corporate governance practices can be found in the Annual Report for FY2017 under the 

section of the ‘Report on Corporate Governance’. 

 

 


Page 8 of 10 

 

 

Overview of the Phased Approach 

Primary Components 

Year 2017 Performance 

Year 2018  

Year 2019 

Material ESG Factors  

Addressed most critical factors:- 

 

Economic Performance 

 

Customer satisfaction 

 

Quality assurance 

 

Occupational, safety and health 

 

Training and education 

 

Legal compliance 

 

Environmental compliance 

 

To review factors assessment and 

add factors which have become 

material and remove existing factors 

which are no longer material. 

 

Policies, practices and 

performance 

 

Group 

Financial 

Policies 

- 

Reviewed 

and 

updated 

the 

financial policies to meet the 

changing requirements of the 

Group. 

 

Occupational Health &amp; Safety 

Policy - Continuous improvement 

to the Group’s safety needs. 

 

Group Whistleblower Protection 

Policy – Zero reports received.  

 

Compliant with relevant laws and 

regulations, i.e. timely reporting to 

regulators, 

and 

created 

awareness 

of 

environmental 

preservation within the community 

with tree planting activities. 

 

Achieved 

zero 

work 

related 

injuries and fatalities 

 

To review the current policies, 

practices and performance and 

make necessary improvements. 

 

Targets 

 Maximise returns for long-term 

profitability 

via 

increasing 

productivity 

and 

minimising 

of 

costs 

 Minimise 

the 

complaint 

from 

customers of quality related issues. 

 Continue to improve quality of 

limestone 

supplies 

through 

improvement in mining processes. 

 Increase the budget allocation for 

training 

and 

development 

of 

employees 

 Continue to maintain zero incident 

of work-related hazards 

 Encourage 

innovation 

in 

all 

aspects of business to improve 

competitiveness  

To meet targets set in the previous 

year and set new targets. 

 

Sustainability Reporting 

Framework 

GRI 

Board Statement 

Complied 

To comply 

 

 

 


Page 9 of 10 

 

 

GRI G4 Content Index 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Notes / Page number(s) 

General Disclosure 

Organization Profile 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

GCCP Resources Limited 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and 

services 

 Annual Report – Corporate Profile, Inside front 

cover 

 Annual Report – Operations Review, page 9-

11 

102-3 

Location of headquarter 

 Annual Report – Corporate information, page 

8 

102-4 

Location of operations 

 Annual Report – Corporate Profile, Inside front 

cover 

 Annual Report – Operations Review, page 9-

11 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

 Annual Report – Statistics of shareholdings, 

page 75-76 

 

102-6 

Market served 

 Annual Report – Chairman’s statement, page 

2-3 

 Annual Report - Operations Review, page 9-

11 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

 Annual Report – Chairman’s statement, page 

2-3 

 Annual Report - Operations Review, page 9-

11 

102-8 

Information on employees and 

other workers 

 Annual Report – Chairman’s statement, page 

2-3 

 Annual Report - Operations Review, page 9-

11 

 Sustainability report page 3 

102-9 

Supply chain 

 Annual Report - Operations Review, page 9-

11 

102-10 

Significant changes to organisation 

and its supply chain 

There is no changes to the organisation and 

supply chain 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach Not applicable 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Not applicable 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Not applicable 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-

maker 

 Annual Report – Chairman’s statement, page 

2-3 

 Sustainability report page 3 

Ethics and integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and 

norms of behaviour 

 Annual 

Report 

– 

Report 

on 

Corporate 

Governance, page 12-30 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

 Sustainability report, page 1 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

 Sustainability report page 2 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable 

102-42 

Identifying 

and 

selecting 

stakeholders 

 Sustainability report page 2 

102-43 

Approach 

to 

stakeholder 

engagement 

 Sustainability report page 1 


Page 10 of 10 

 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

 Sustainability report page 2 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 

Entities 

included 

in 

the 

consolidated financial statements 

 Annual Report – Operations Review, page 9-

11 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries  

 Sustainability report page 1,9,10 

102-47 

List of material topics 

 Sustainability report page 1 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

Not applicable 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable 

102-50 

Reporting period 

 Sustainability report page 1 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

This is the inaugural report 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annual 

102-53 

Contact 

point 

for 

questions 

regarding the report 

 Sustainability report page 1 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance 

with GRI Standards 

 Sustainability report page 1 

102-55 

GRI content index 

 Sustainability report page 9,10 

102-56 

External assuarance 

Not applicable 

Management Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary 

 Sustainability report page 3,4,5,6,7 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

 Sustainability report page 1,2 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

 Sustainability report page 8 

Environmental 

307-1 

Non-compliance 

with 

environmental laws and regulations 

No non-compliance in the year of reporting 

 

 

