


golden energy and resources

S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y 

R E P O R T 

2 0 2 0




ABOUT

THIS REPORT

This report (“Report”) covers the sustainability performance, policies and practices with regards to environmental, social and 

governance (“ESG”) matters which are most material to Golden Energy and Resources Limited (the “Company” or “GEAR”), as 

well as to our stakeholders in the financial year 1st January 2020 to 31st December 2020, unless otherwise stated. Where 

possible, data from prior years have been included for comparison purposes.  

The scope of this Report is focused on PT Borneo Indobara (“BIB”), a key subsidiary in our energy coal operations, as its 

production volume and sales revenue account for more than 85% of GEAR’s total production volume and more than 76% of 

GEAR’s total revenue, respectively. While some of our policies and practices of BIB are aligned to group-wide, others are 

specific to our subsidiary, PT Golden Energy Mines Tbk (“GEMS”). Operations that are excluded in this Report will be included 

in our reporting scope at a later stage, should they mature and grow to have a significant impact on GEAR’s sustainability 

performance. 

The Global Reporting Initiatives (“GRI”) Standards – “Core” and its GRI Mining and Metals sector supplement is used as 

reference for the sustainability report (“Sustainability Report”). GRI Standards was chosen as our reporting framework for 

its international recognition, robust guidance as well as universal application. We have not sought external assurance for 

disclosures in this Report, but may consider external assurance as GEAR’s sustainability reporting matures.

To align with GEAR’s commitment to environmental sustainability, no printed copies of this Report were made.  This Report and 

previous editions are available online at: http://investor.gear.com.sg/sustain.html.

For any queries in relation to this Report, please address them to sr@gear.com.sg. 

*Photographs where employees were not wearing masks contained in this Report were taken prior to the COVID-19 pandemic.






CONTENTS

02

03

04

08

10

10

12

13

14

16

18

 

19

 

20

24

40

41

43

 

47

About this Report

Board Statement

About Golden Energy and Resources

Economic Performance

Our COVID-19 Responses

Sustainability Governance

Our Sustainability Framework

Our Sustainability Committee

2020 ESG Highlights

Engaging Our Stakeholders

Focusing on What Matters Most

Nurturing and Safeguarding 

Our Human Capital

Health and Safety Protection 

of our Stakeholders

Emergency Preparedness

Occupational Health &amp; Safety

Labour Relations

Profile of our Workforce

Looking after our Employees &amp; Talent 

Management

Labour Relations Management

49 

50

51

53 

57

59

61

66 

67

72 

 

73

75

76

Minimising Adverse Environmental Impact 

and Strengthening Climate Resilience

Nurturing the Environment

Air Quality Management

Energy Consumption and Greenhouse Gas 

Emissions

Solid Waste Management

Land Management

Water Resource Management

Securing the Livelihoods and Protecting 

the Rights of our Communities

Empowering Local Communities

Achieving Sustainable Growth Through 

Business Resilience and Operational 

Excellence

Governance and Ethics

Whistle-blowing

Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Index


2

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

BOARD

STATEMENT

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of GEAR is pleased to 

share our fourth Sustainability Report for the financial year 

ended 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”). This Report discloses 

GEAR’s ESG impact and progress made in FY2020 towards 

our vision to be a globally diversified energy and resources 

company, leading in innovation and sustainability. As GEAR 

continues to be engaged in the energy and resources 

industry, the demand for resources remains tied to 

sustainable practices in our company.

The Board together with our senior management, carefully 

considered ESG matters in all aspects of our business 

strategy and worked closely with the management of the 

mining operations to oversee and regularly review all aspects 

of sustainability within the organisation. We recognise the 

increasing importance of integrating sustainability in our 

business. In FY2020, GEAR has taken up the task to develop 

a framework which reflects our strategic intent and provides 

overall guidance in our sustainability journey. We are pleased 

to share GEAR’s Sustainability Framework1 and as such, 

strengthening our commitment to create and deliver positive 

impacts across the economy, environment and society. 

At GEAR, we continuously strive to enhance our efficiency 

and operate in a sustainable manner, taking into 

consideration the economic, social, and environmental 

impacts. We are committed to remain at the forefront of 

the Region’s leading energy and resources industry, while 

evolving alongside sectoral changes in a dynamic market.  

The onset of the COVID-19 pandemic has caused 

unprecedented disruption to families and businesses all 

over the world. However, despite the disruption in global 

economic activity leading to lower energy coal prices, 

GEAR succeeded in ramping up its coal production to 34.7 

million tonnes and the Group posted a record revenue of US 

$1.2 billion in FY2020. We achieved this through increased 

efficiency, reaching our lowest production costs through 

mine planning and cost optimisation resulting in lower 

strip ratios and contractors’ rates. Simultaneously, GEAR 

strategically diversified into metallurgical coal and gold, 

tapping into diversified customer segments. Through this, 

we aim to produce resources which are not only essential, 

but also have distinct financial characteristics and 

infrastructural needs.

In FY2020, and to the date of this Report, GEAR has ensured 

compliance to all COVID-19 rules and regulations set by 

governing authorities, and has not violated any workplace 

safe management measures and incurred any penalties. 

Beyond complying with local regulatory enforcements, 

GEAR has implemented various precautionary measures 

throughout the Group to protect our employees and workers 

as well as local communities from the risk of contracting the 

infectious disease. Notable healthcare initiatives in FY2020 

included the donation of COVID-19 hygiene kits comprising 

reusable cloth face masks or face shields to 19 villages, a 

Polymerase Chain Reactor (“PCR”) equipment and 2,000 test 

kits to the local community health centre. 

Additionally, since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, 

the Group has been practicing safe management measures 

both at the offices and worksites. These include conducting 

virtual meetings and streamlining work processes for 

enhanced efficiency. In FY2020, GEMS formed a Crisis 

Management Team headed by its senior management and 

supported by the emergency management team of each 

business unit and the respective emergency response team 

to manage the COVID-19 situation at all of its offices and 

worksites. In March 2021, GEMS applied to the Indonesian 

Chamber &amp; Commerce to provide the COVID-19 vaccination 

for all our employees in Indonesia. We have measures and 

processes in place to perform contact tracing when an 

infection is known, where we contact employees whom the 

infected individual has been in contact with. 

Other than donating a COVID-19 PCR equipment to the 

local community health centre, BIB has also purchased and 

installed a PCR equipment on-site. For Singapore employees, 

GEAR provided complimentary flu vaccinations in April 2020 

and continues to provide face masks and alcohol swabs. 

As always, the safety of our employees remains integral to 

our company and in FY2020, we have achieved our safety 

targets below 0.18 and 9.93 for lost time injury frequency 

rate (“LTIFR”) and lost time injury severity rate (“LTISR”) 

respectively. The Management is working and investing in 

resources to ensure that business at GEAR will continue to 

operate smoothly and sustainably. We will continue to be 

vigilant during this period to ensure the well-being of our 

employees and the community.

Dear Shareholders

1  Please refer to page 10 for our Sustainability Framework.


3

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



ABOUT

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES

GEAR is a Singapore listed leading energy and resources company in the Asia Pacific region. 

Our businesses include:

• Mining of energy coal through our subsidiary PT Golden Energy Mines (“GEMS”) operating in Indonesia;

• Mining of metallurgical coal through our subsidiary Stanmore Resources Limited2 (“Stanmore”) (75.33%3) operating in Australia;

• Mining of gold through Ravenswood Gold Pty Ltd (“Ravenswood Gold“) (50%) operating in Australia; and

• Various investments in renewable energy projects in Asia.

GEMS has more than 2.9 billion tonnes of energy coal resources and over 1 billion tonnes of coal reserves. Recently, GEAR 

has acquired Stanmore which is estimated to have metallurgical coal resources and marketable coal reserves worth 1.7 billion 

tonnes and 130.0 million tonnes, respectively, and a coal handling preparation plant capacity of up to 3.5 million tonnes per 

annum. Ravenswood Gold has approximately 3.9 million ounces of gold resources and 2.6 million ounces of gold reserves, and a 

gold processing facility of up to 5.0 million tonnes per annum.

2  Changed name from Stanmore Coal Limited to Stanmore Resources Limited on 28 April 2021.

3  GEAR’s effective interest in Stanmore is 60% through its approximately 80% shareholding in its subsidiary Golden Investments (Australia) Pte. Ltd. 

which holds 75.33% in Stanmore.

VISION

To be a globally diversified energy and resources 

company, leading in innovation and sustainability

Develop and nurture a leading corporate culture 

centred on human capital

Amplify excellence in operations and processes

Operate our mines responsibly, sustainably and 

safely with measures to minimise our impact 

to the environment and to engage, develop and 

empower communities meaningfully

MISSION



GEAR, SINGAPORE

(Corporate Office and Marketing Office)

GEMS, JAKARTA

(Energy Coal Division Head Office)







































Figure 1: Key energy coal mining concessions in Indonesia

KIM, JAMBI

WRL, SOUTH SUMATRA BASIN

BIB, SOUTH KALIMANTAN

TKS, CENTRAL KALIMANTAN

BSL, SOUTH SUMATRA BASIN


4

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

ABOUT

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES

Mining and Location 

Identification

Mining and 

Production

Use of Product

Distribution

• Mine survey

• Exploration 

• Design of a mine 

project at the 

advance stage of 

exploration

• Land compensation 

&amp; land permits from 

relevant institutions

• Land clearing and 

top soil removal

• Overburden drilling &amp; 

blasting

• Overburden removal

• Overburden dumping

• Topsoil placement

• Coal drilling and 

blasting

• Coal mining / getting 

• Rehabilitation / 

reclamation

• Environmental 

management &amp; 

monitoring

• Coal hauling

• Coal crushing 

• Coal stockpile

• Coal loading to 

barges using 

conveyor

• Coal transhipment 

into mother vessels 

• Use in power plants

• Use in pulp and 

paper mills

• Use in cement 

industry

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

At GEAR, while energy coal division remains the key driver of our revenue, the Group’s metallurgical coal division, as well as 

non-coal businesses are together responsible for generating revenue for the Company. In FY2020, we continue to perform well 

to report record revenue and production volumes. Total revenue increased by US$46.9 million (or approximately 4.2%) from 

FY2019 to FY2020. The overall increase in total revenue was primarily attributed to increased energy and metallurgical coal 

production volume from 30.8 million tonnes in FY2019 to 34.7 million tonnes in FY2020, a 12.7% growth y-o-y.

Energy coal prices although varied by region, saw a decline in FY2020 with COVID-19 related demand suppression pushing 

prices down4. To offset the lower average selling price of energy coal, GEAR ramped up its production volume, which helped 

ease the impact of the price decline.

BIB’s value chain comprises 4 different stages – mining and location identification, mining and production, distribution and 

use of product. In FY2020, BIB contracted out all of its coal mining/getting, hauling/transportation, overburden removal, 

topsoil placement and road maintenance activities to various contractors incorporated in South Kalimantan and other 

parts of Indonesia.  BIB’s spending on its top 10 contactors aggregated US$351.8 million in FY2020, of which 5 contractors 

are incorporated in South Kalimantan while the remaining 5 are from other parts of Indonesia.  The amount paid to its top 5 

contractors from other parts of Indonesia was US$313.6 million, which accounted for approximately 57% of BIB’s cost of goods 

sold and approximately 40% of the Group’s cost of goods sold. Figure 2 highlights GEMS’ and BIB’s role in each stage of the 

value chain. 

4  https://www.iea.org/reports/coal-2020/prices-and-costs.

Figure 2: BIB’s value chain


5

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020







ABOUT

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES

ANNUAL PRODUCTION VOLUME (MILLION TONNES)

2020

2020

2019

2019

2018

2018

2017

2016

BIB

KIM

SMR

Trading

Others

35.2

31.1

24.4

17.1

11.0

30.5

34.7

28.0

30.8

22.6

15.6

9.5

20.2

13.1

7.4

0.9

1.2

0.7

0.7

0.2

1.6

1.9

1.3

1.9

1.3

1.1

2.4

2.1

2.3

SALES VOLUME (MILLION TONNES)

5  GEAR’s revenue in FY2019 has been restated to  US$1,115,815,000 from US$1,121,2018,000.

Figure 3: GEAR’s coal production volume, sales volume and financial performance5 for FY2016 to FY2020

2020

2019

2018

2017

2016

Revenue

Net Profit After Tax

73,680

32,888

34,468

1,048,478

1,115,815

1,162,687













FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE (US$’000)


6

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



REVENUE MIX BUSINESS SEGMENT

Energy Coal

Metallurgical Coal

Non-coal

2018 Revenue 

US$1.05B

2019 Revenue 

US$1.12B

2020 Revenue 

US$1.16B

91.5%

8.4%

0.1%





99.9%

99.9%

0.1%

0.1%







Figure 4: GEAR’s revenue mix by business segment6

Figure 5: GEAR’s revenue breakdown by geographic region7

6  GEAR’s revenue mix by business segment in FY2019 has been restated.

7  The revenue breakdown by geographic region for FY2019 has been restated.



China

Indonesia

India

South Korea

Others

Spain

















































29.9%

39.1%

40.0%

36.9%

31.7%

32.4%

20.3%

22.5%

18.7%

1.5%

2.8%

2.6%

4.9%

—

—

11.4%

4.1%

1.2%

2020

2019

2018















ABOUT

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES


7

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020





ECONOMIC VALUE CREATED (US$’000)

ECONOMIC VALUE DISTRIBUTED (US$’000)

Figure 6: GEAR’s economic value created5 and distributed 

FY2018

FY2018

FY2019

FY2019

FY2020

FY2020

1,048,478

914,671

1,115,815

1,016,840

1,162,687

1,049,050

Revenue

Employees wages &amp; benefits 

and community investment

Payment to providers of capital

Payment for royalties and taxes

Operating Cost

27,323

104,263

170,541

32,315

49,945

178,911

33,939

34,453

161,368













ABOUT

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES


8

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

OUR COVID-19 RESPONSE

In light of the COVID-19 outbreak, GEAR has adopted business continuity plans such as facilitating employees working from 

home and providing surgical or reusable cloth masks and hand-sanitisers. In particular, BIB has implemented the following:

1. Limited travel policy – cancel all employees’ business travels until further notice.  To reduce domestic travel frequencies to 

and back from site, BIB’s employees who are from other parts of Indonesia, will work more days on-site and compensate by 

additional day-offs.

2. Work from home policy - employees working in Jakarta Energy Coal Division Head Office shall follow the work from home 

policy.

3. Restrictions for employees working on-site – such as twice daily checks for temperature; self-checks on visible symptoms of 

COVID-19; meeting online instead of physical in-room meeting; maintaining safe distancing; no visitor policy until the COVID-19 

situation improves; more detailed logistic handling procedures for receiving returning employees.

4. Mask-wearing policy - surgical mask shall be worn only for doctors, medical officers and sick employees, whereas the remaining 

employees shall wear reusable cloth masks at all times during and after working hours.

5. Improved sanitation and hygiene - by providing hand-washing facilities at all office entrances; hand sanitisers inside the 

buildings; and additional water-soap-based disinfectant chambers at the main entrance to BIB’s office.

6. Improve wellness – by providing multivitamin supplements to all employees and workers to improve their immune system.

7. An observation policy for all employees returning from intercity travels - employees must be examined by doctors before they 

are allowed to enter BIB. The employees are subject to 7 to 14 days quarantine for medical observation, depending on the 

doctors’ recommendation. The employees must be re-examined by doctors after the observation period is over, and only the 

healthy employees are permitted to work. 

8. PCR Testing of employees and visitors – BIB purchased and installed a PCR equipment on-site and deploys doctors and medical 

officers to test employees as and when they return from home leaves. Measures and processes are in place using BeSAFE to 

perform contact tracing in the event that an infected individual has been in contact with our employees and those of our 

contractors, within the last 14 days. A total of 1,047 PCR tests were performed in FY2020. 40 BIB’s employees who have tested 

positive for COVID-19 have subsequently recovered from the infection. 

9. Formation of a Crisis Management Team - GEMS has formed a Crisis Management Team (“CMT”) which is supported by the 

Emergency Management Teams (“EMT”) of each business unit and respective Emergency Response Teams (“ERT”) of each site 

to crisis manage any emergencies, including COVID-19 incidents.  The CMT will assess GEMS’ organisational wide issues, while 

the EMT will provide overall crisis management of their respective sites. The EMT also ensures that their ERT is adequately 

resourced, safeguarding the site’s assets, environment on-site, as well as the local communities surrounding the site. 

ABOUT

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES


9

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



COVID-19 Measures in Singapore

In view of the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in Singapore, in April 2020, the Company organised flu vaccinations for 

its Singapore employees. The vaccinations were performed by a local medical clinic in GEAR’s office premises. A total of 10 

employees who were eligible (i.e. not having been vaccinated in the past 10 months) were inoculated against certain types of 

influenza. 

Additionally, since February 2020, GEAR has been distributing daily disposable masks and alcohol swabs to its Singapore 

employees. Soap, antibacterial hand wash and alcohol-based hand sanitisers are readily available in the office premises.

COVID-19 Prevention Application (BeSAFE)

The COVID-19 Prevention Application, also known as BeSAFE, was developed in-house as part of our preventive measures for 

COVID-19 at BIB.  The BeSAFE application records the daily activity of BIB’s employees and the employees of its contractors 

and their day-offs. Other features of the application include employees’ PCR test results, and a dashboard which shows the 

health condition and activity level of each of the BIB’s employees. 

The reports from BeSAFE would be shared with and evaluated by the doctors and medical officers through BeSAFE dashboard 

– iREPORT. iREPORT enables the panel of doctors and medical officers to monitor the status of selected employees, such as 

their health condition, current location, etc. BeSAFE is also used for contact tracing on COVID-19 infected employees and their 

close contacts. The reports would be shared with the respective contractors when necessary or when requested by them.





ABOUT

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES


10

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

SUSTAINABILITY

GOVERNANCE

OUR SUSTAINABILITY FRAMEWORK

In FY2020, we have developed our sustainability framework (“Sustainability Framework”) through the support of independent 

consultants. The framework as illustrated below, follows an integrated inside-out and outside-in approach that encompasses 

GEAR’s vision, expanding out to our material matters. The Sustainability Framework provides guidance on GEAR’s ambition 

to progress year-on-year in our sustainability endeavours and has been developed with the aim to provide an overall strategic 

sustainability direction.

The Sustainability Framework, in Figure 7, establishes four strategic thrusts, also known as impact areas, through which GEAR 

intends to create and deliver positive impacts across the economy, environment and society. The framework is driven by our 

core purpose ‘To be a globally diversified energy and resources company, leading in innovation and sustainability’. The four 

impact areas address key issues across Economy, Environment, Social and Governance (“EESG”) and help in achieving positive 

impacts. GEAR’s impact areas are as follows:

• 

“Achieving sustainable growth through business resilience and operational excellence” drives and fortifies GEAR’s commitment 

towards good corporate governance and operational excellence thereby mitigating corporate risks. By strengthening 

resilience around business risks and diversification strategies, this impact area enables a top-down approach that stimulates 

responsible economic growth and practices and ensures business continuity.

• 

“Nurturing and safeguarding our human capital” focuses on building positive relationships with our employees, ensuring their 

wellbeing and providing a safe and secured workplace for them to excel.

• 

“Minimising adverse environmental impact and strengthening climate resilience” emphasise our resolve to continue building 

a robust environmental management, conserving biodiversity and land rehabilitation. Through our long-term plan to be 

a sustainability driven energy and resources company, GEAR strives to reduce carbon emissions and fortify our climate 

resilience.

• 

“Securing the livelihoods and protecting the rights of our communities” drives GEAR’s commitment to have meaningful 

interactions with our local communities and ensure their long-term prosperity. Through imparting right skills and creating job 

opportunities, we intend to improve economic status and build a self-reliant community. 


11

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

SUSTAINABILITY

GOVERNANCE























We have five material matters, supported by 13 sub-matters, that help us achieve our intended impacts. We mapped our 

material matters and associated targets with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (“UN SDGs”). While our core 

purpose and impact areas are strategic and long-term, our material matters are dynamic and will change based on internal 

and external factors. The Sustainability Framework is supported by various policies and procedures, as detailed in under each 

material matters, to enable implementation of the framework.

Figure 7: GEAR’s Sustainability Framework


12

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

OUR SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE

Overseen by the Group’s CEO who reports to the Board of Directors, GEAR’s Sustainability Team works hand in hand with the 

business units and functions across the Group in driving sustainability practices throughout the Company. We believe that 

every business unit and function are paramount to our organisation and that every employee has a role to play in contributing 

towards the sustainability of our business.

SUSTAINABILITY

GOVERNANCE

Figure 8: GEAR’s Sustainability Governance Structure







BOARD OF 

DIRECTORS

GROUP CEO

SUSTAINABILITY TEAM

(works in collaboration with all 

business units and functions)


13

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

SUSTAINABILITY

GOVERNANCE

Regulatory Limits for 

TSS, pH Limits and Metal 

Content of Effluents

Community Investments over

Fatalities, Strikes and Lockouts in Our Operational 

Areas, Business Disruptions due to Emergency

Increased Workforce

in FY2020 

in FY2019

against

in Energy Coal 

Production for GEMS

in Emergency 

Simulations 

NO2, SO2 and 

CO Emissions

than Regulatory Limits

BELOW 

REGULATORY 

LIMITS

RP 31,365,657,394

425 employees

378

8.8%

INCREASE 

461 

PARTICIPANTS 

MUCH 

LOWER

ZERO



FY2020 ESG HIGHLIGHTS


14

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

ENGAGING OUR

STAKEHOLDERS 

Stakeholder 

group

Stakeholder’s 

expectations

Stakeholder management/

Response(s) to stakeholder’s 

expectations

Engagement platform(s)

Frequency of 

engagement

Shareholders

• GEAR’s financial 

health

• Formulation of strategies 

to enhance GEAR’s financial 

performance

• Regular updates and 

announcements on 

financial performance

• Half-yearly8

• Accountability of 

Environmental, 

Social and 

Governance 

(“ESG”) 

performance

• Implementation of 

sustainable business 

practices

• Annual and Sustainability 

Reports

• Meetings with 

shareholders

• Communications through 

“Investor Relations” 

section on GEAR’s 

company website

• Annual

• At least once per 

year

• As necessary

Employees and 

workers

• Fair employment 

practices

• Implementation of fair 

employment practices 

based on meritocracy

• Electronic updates 

through e-mail and 

intranet

• Townhalls and meetings 

with the management

• Periodic for all 

engagements

• Training and 

development

• Provision of in-house 

and external training 

opportunities

• Occupational 

health and safety

• Establishment of Health, 

Safety and Environment 

(“HSE”) system, regular 

safety briefings, emergency 

drills, provision of personal 

protective equipment

• Training programmes, 

including intensive 

coaching to identify 

potential leaders

• HSE campaign involving all 

employees to create safe 

work condition

• Performance appraisal

 

Customers

• Product and 

service quality

• Implementation of quality 

control processes

• Provide transparent 

information about our 

product to customers

• Regular engagement with 

customers to understand 

their satisfaction level

• Meetings

• Annual Reports

• Tours to site

• Periodic

• Annual

• As necessary

• Sustainable 

business 

practices

• Implementation of 

sustainable business 

practices and transparent 

reporting

• Sustainability Reports

• Annual

Building value for all our stakeholders is a key function at the core of GEAR’s operations. We believe in creating and maintaining 

strong, mutually beneficial partnerships with our stakeholders, adding value in the long-term. GEAR’s approach to stakeholder 

management is summarised in the table below.

Table 1: GEAR’s approach towards stakeholder engagement

8  GEMS’ releases its financial performance to IDX on a quarterly basis.


15

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

ENGAGING OUR

STAKEHOLDERS

Stakeholder 

group

Stakeholder’s 

expectations

Stakeholder management/

Response(s) to stakeholder’s 

expectations

Engagement platform(s)

Frequency of 

engagement

Local 

communities

• Socioeconomic 

development

• Management 

of negative 

economic, 

environmental 

and social 

impact

• Local employment 

opportunities

• Provision of trainings to 

enable the local community 

to earn their livelihood

• Implementation of 

Corporate Social 

Responsibility (“CSR”) 

Programmes 

• Management and 

monitoring of pre-agreed 

environmental parameters 

which are affected by our 

mining as stated in our 

Environmental Impact 

Assessment (“EIA”) report

• Engage experts to establish 

blueprint and evaluation 

criteria for long-term CSR 

programmes

• Engaging local 

entrepreneurs and local 

enterprises to support our 

mining activities

• Dialogues with the local 

community

• CSR programmes

• Training programmes

• Engagement with experts 

from Indonesia’s top 

universities (Institut 

Pertanian Bogor and 

Universitas Indonesia)

• Consultation with the local 

community for inputs to 

the EIA report

• Local hiring

• Engagement with third 

party specialists and the 

local government to take 

samples and monitor our 

environmental parameters

• Periodic

• Periodic

• Periodic

• As necessary

• As necessary

• Every time

• Every time

Regulatory 

authorities

• Regulatory 

compliance

• Keeping abreast of 

regulatory requirements 

and ensuring compliance to 

all

• Statutory reporting

• Periodic

• Community 

empowerment

• Implementation of CSR 

programmes

• Public consultation 

forums/events

• On-site inspections

• Periodic

• As necessary

Contractors and 

suppliers

• Fair 

procurement 

practices

• Business 

opportunities

• Administration of open and 

fair tender process

• Tender process

• As necessary

• Safe working 

environment

• Implementation of 

occupational health and 

safety initiatives

• Performance Review

• Periodic

• Feedback on 

performance

• Review of suppliers’ 

performance


16

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

FOCUSING ON

WHAT MATTERS MOST

In 2017, GEAR undertook a formal materiality assessment with key personnel from respective departments aided by 

independent sustainability consultants. The materiality assessment facilitated the identification, prioritisation and validation 

of material matters most relevant to GEAR and our stakeholders. 

The process to identify GEAR’s material matters is detailed in Figure 9 below and considers GRI’s Principles for Defining Report 

Content. 

Figure 9: Materiality assessment process









IDENTIFICATION

VALIDATION

PRIORITISATION

STAKEHOLDER INCLUSIVENESS

1

2

4

3

From the interview results of GEAR’s key internal 

stakeholders and a review of material matters reported 

by other companies in the industry, a comprehensive 

list of potential material matters formed the basis for 

determining comparative materiality

The results were then presented to the Board, which 

has the overall responsibility in determining the material 

sustainability matters of GEAR. The Board validated and 

approved the material sustainability matters.

The importance of each sustainability matter was 

ranked by way of an anonymous voting exercise, from 

the perspective of a) External stakeholders; and b) 

Internal stakeholders

In FY2020, GEAR reviewed our material sustainability 

matters and concluded that the material matters 

remain relevant to our business.


17

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

FOCUSING ON

WHAT MATTERS MOST

The following materiality matrix illustrates material matters identified as most important to GEAR’s business. In FY2020, we 

have determined the material matters reported from FY2017 to FY2019 to be still relevant to our business today. Although we 

re-look into our material matters every year, we intend to perform a formal materiality reassessment in the future.

Figure 10: Materiality Matrix and Material Matters



No.

Material matters

Sub-matters

1

Safety

Emergency Preparedness

Occupational Health &amp; Safety

2

Environment

Air Quality Management

Energy Management

Greenhouse Gas Emissions

Land Management (Pre- and Post-Mining)

Solid Waste Management

Water Resource Management

3

Community Management

Empowering Local Communities

4

Labour Relations

Employee Welfare and Benefits

Labour Relations Management

5

Governance

Corporate Code Of Conduct9

Anti-Fraud

Importance to GEAR’s business

Not material

Material

Importance to external stakeholders

High

High

Low

9  the previous sub-matter “Anti-Corruption” has been renamed to “Corporate Code of Conduct”.






















18

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



N U R T U R I N G  A N D  S A F E G UA R D I N G 

O U R  H U M A N  CA P I TA L 























This impact area is focused on building positive relationships with our employees and ensuring their 

safety in the workplace, adhering to our mission pillars of being human capital centric.

ABOUT THIS IMPACT AREA

Material Matters under 

this impact area

Sub-matters

UN SDGs aligned to 

this impact area

SAFETY

Emergency Preparedness

Occupational Health and Safety

LABOUR RELATIONS

Employee Welfare and Benefits

Labour Relations Management












19

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

SAFETY PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS 

FOR FY2020

HEALTH AND SAFETY PROTECTION 

OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS















































Constant in Lost Time Injury 

Frequency Rate (“LTIFR”) 

from 0.07 in FY2019 to 0.07 

in FY2020

Increase in Lost Time Injury 

Severity Rate (“LTISR”) from 

6.65 in FY2019 to 8.63 in 

FY2020

Zero 

recordable 

work-

related 

injury 

in 

the 

Singapore office for five 

consecutive years

15% decrease in number 

of emergency simulation 

participants

POLICY/MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

• GEMS’ Emergency Readiness and Response Policy

• The Mineral and Coal Mining Safety Management System 

by ESDM of Indonesia

• ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health and Safety 

Management System

• GEMS’ General Mining Safety and Environmental 

Protection Policy

• GEMS’ HIV / AIDS Policy

• GEMS’ Use of Drugs and Alcohol Policy

UN SDG ALIGNMENT

Target

UN SDG

LTIFR threshold below 0.18

UN SDG 8.8

LTISR threshold below 9.93

UN SDG 8.8

WHY IS THIS IMPORTANT TO GEAR?

GEAR sees the health and safety of our stakeholders as one 

of our most crucial priorities. Various systems, measures 

and practices, such as emergency preparedness and safety 

management systems are in place to ensure our employees 

and workers are well protected from danger and unhealthy 

circumstances.

FY2020 TARGETS ACHIEVED


20

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

HEALTH AND SAFETY PROTECTION 

OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS

EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS 

Uncertainty from the natural environment and human causes can pose great risks to our stakeholders and business operations. It 

is important that we are well prepared in the event of an emergency to prevent further damage and minimise business disruption. 

In Figure 11, our Emergency Readiness and Response Policy lists a robust set of measures we have in place to prevent and contain 

emergency situations, minimise damage to our assets, environment and stakeholders.

Figure 11: GEMS’ Emergency Readiness and Response Policy

Accidents which result in 

fatality(ies).

Fires and explosions.

Leakage of chemicals and 

biological substances.

Spill of hydrocarbons (over 

200 litres to ground or over 

100 litres to water bodies).

Collapsed buildings, 

landslides, and drowning 

incidents.

Blockade, mass 

demonstration and bomb 

threats.

Natural disasters (such as 

flood and windstorm).

All employees and visitors 

are briefed on potential 

hazards at the mine, as well 

as steps to be taken during 

an emergency, including 

communications protocol 

and evacuation plans.

Emergency Response Team 

(“ERT”) is required to attend 

emergency simulations.

Emergency simulations are 

done for all types of possible 

emergencies as identified 

by the HSE Manager and 

approved by the Mining Head 

at the start of each year.

The frequency of the 

emergency simulations is as 

follows:

• Full-scale (covering all 

concession areas): At least 

once a year;

• Limited scale (covering 

selected areas): At least 

twice a year; and

• Administrative 

simulations: At least once 

every three months.

Evaluation is done at each 

emergency simulation to 

assess the readiness of the 

ERT in handling emergency 

situations.

Audit is carried out to ensure 

that all procedures relating 

to emergency preparedness 

exercises have been 

performed and evaluated for 

areas of improvement.

The results of evaluation 

and audit are submitted for 

management’s review.

TYPES OF EMERGENCIES 

COVERED BY THE POLICY 

TRAINING ON EMERGENCY 

PREPAREDNESS 

EMERGENCY 

SIMULATIONS

EVALUATION 

AND AUDIT 


21

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

HEALTH AND SAFETY PROTECTION 

OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS

Our Emergency Response Team (“ERT”), established by our Mining Head, is the first to respond to an emergency situation to 

prevent further escalation, as shown in Figure 12. The team comprises representatives from our employees, workers and 

contractors’ employees. Our ERT is continually trained to improve overall competency in emergency response preparedness. 

To ensure that our emergency response is well coordinated, all members are equipped with a Deployment Cards (Kartu Tugas), 

which contain guides on the emergency procedures, the types of administrative forms to use and an emergency checklist. It also 

ensures that other employees can replace ERT members who are not present at the site during an emergency.

Figure 12: GEMS’ ERT Structure

On-scene Commander

• Overall person in-charge for emergency response

• Determines whether a situation warrants the activation of ERT

• Determines whether an emergency situation has been cleared

• Determines the information to be released regarding an emergency situation

Emergency Coordinator

• Accountable to the On-scene Commander

• Coordinates with the Area Coordinator of the affected area

• Coordinates with Rescue Teams in other areas for additional help, if required

• Coordinates with the Support Coordinator for help from external parties

• Continuously reports about the progress of the emergency situation to the On-scene 

Commander

Area Coordinator

• Accountable to the Emergency Coordinator

• Coordinates with the Rescue Team of the affected area

• Provides information about the situation to the Emergency 

Coordinator or On-scene Commander

• Ensures the readiness of the Rescue Team

• Ensures that necessary tools and equipment are ready to be 

deployed

Support Coordinator

• Accountable to the Emergency Coordinator

• Provides support to the Emergency Coordinator and his team 

in executing emergency response plan

• Responsible for the operations of the Emergency Control 

Room

• Acts as a public relations officer for external parties (including 

the government) and the employees

Rescue Team

• Fire wardens

• First aiders

External and Public Service Coordinator

• Accountable to the Support Coordinator 

• Coordinates with the government, public 

and private agencies, such as the military, 

hospitals and firefighters

• Represents GEMS in providing updates about 

the progress of the emergency situation to 

external parties, if required

Employee Internal Relations Officer

• Accountable to the Support Coordinator 

• Provides required information about the 

emergency situation to other employees who 

are not involved in the emergency situation

• Communicates with and provides support to 

the families of employees who are implicated 

by the emergency situation


22

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Deployment Cards

The Deployment Cards are ready-for-use instructions to respond to specific emergency situations, such as fire, personal injury, 

and medical emergency. For most of our ERT members who are already trained in various emergency situations, the Deployment 

Cards will function as a guide and recap to do the job correctly. For non-ERT members10, the Deployment Cards will provide them 

with valuable information on performing the necessary emergency response through the step-by-step instructions.

Emergency Procedures using the Deployment Card

For any emergency, there are three potential outcomes where the Deployment Cards will be utilised.

Figure 13: Examples of Deployment Cards for firefighters (left) and first aiders (right)

Kartu Tugas / Deployment Card

Pemadam Kebakaran / Firefighters

Tugas / Task

Sudah / 

Done

Mempersiapkan perlengkapan pemadaman, APAR, dan water 

truck

Preparing the firefighting equipment, fire extinguishers, and 

water truck

Memastikan semua karyawan di area keadaan darurat sudah 

berada di lokasi berkumpul / lokasi aman

Ensure that all employees in the incident area are at the 

assembly location / safe location

Melakukan penilaian kelas kebakaran, besarnya kebakaran serta 

potensi meluasnya kebakaran

Conduct a fire classification assessment, the magnitude of the 

fire and the potential for widespread fire

Melakukan penilaian potensi aset dan potensi korban untuk 

kepentingan prioritas penanganan

Conduct an assessment of potential assets and potential victims 

for priority handling

Meminta bantuan personil / peralatan / water truck jika 

diperlukan

Request for personnel / equipment / water truck assistance if 

needed

Melakukan pemadaman kebakaran yang diperlukan

Extinguish fire as needed

Mengidentifikasi APAR yang sudah dipakai dan membuat 

laporan upaya pemadaman

Identify the fire extinguisher that has been used and prepare the 

fire extinguishing effort report

Menjadi pemandu bagi ambulans, pemadam kebakaran atau 

kendaraan dukungan lain yang akan datang ke lokasi

Provide a guide for ambulances, firefighters or other support 

vehicles should they come to the location

Kartu Tugas / Deployment Card

Petugas P3K / First Aid Officer

Tugas / Task

Sudah / 

Done

Mempersiapkan obat-obatan, peralatan dan perlengkapan P3K

Preparing first-aid medicines, equipment and supplies

Melakukan penilaian jumlah korban dan sifat cidera yang 

dialami korban

Assess the number of victims and the nature of the injuries 

suffered by the victims

Menentukan tingkat prioritas korban yang perlu ditangani 

Determine the priority level of victims that need to be addressed

Meminta bantuan peralatan dan material yang diperlukan 

Request for assistance on equipment and materials needed

Melakukan stabilisasi korban dan jika diperlukan 

mempersiapkan korban untuk evakuasi selanjutnya

Stabilize the victims and if necessary prepare victims for further 

evacuation

Memberikan penenangan kepada korban

Provide comfort to the victim

Mendistribusikan peralatan, perlengkapan dan obat-obatan 

yang diperlukan

Distribute equipment, supplies and medicines needed

Membuat laporan mengenai pertolongan

Prepare a report on the first aid assistance

10  Non-ERT members are recruited from employees who have already received trainings in first aid, firefighting, or CPR.

Potential Outcomes

Actions taken

1. ERT members are available

The ERT Captain functions as the On-Scene Commander. He shall conduct briefing to each 

of the ERT members their tasks using the Deployment Cards. The Deployment Cards will 

function as a guide and a quick recap for the trained ERT members.

2. ERT members are partially available

The ERT Captain will gather the available ERT members, and non-ERT members if 

necessary. Non-ERT members are employees who, preferably, are already trained in first 

aid, firefighting, or CPR. The ERT Captain will explain the tasks using the Deployment 

Cards.

3. ERT members are not available

If the ERT members are not available, the fire warden or the first aider of that area will resume 

the duty as Emergency Responder. He will gather non-ERT members, preferably employees 

who are already trained in first aid, firefighting, or CPR. He then briefly explains the step-by-

step emergency response using the instructions contained in Deployment Cards.

HEALTH AND SAFETY PROTECTION 

OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS


23

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Since FY2018, we have aimed to improve our overall capacity in emergency response and we have achieved the following, as 

shown in Figure 14 and Figure 15, for FY2020 with a total of 461 participants, comprising BIB’s ERT members and employees 

and employees of contractors, participating in various forms of emergency simulations. There were monthly emergency 

drills / simulations and scenario-based emergency situations, except for March 2020, where BIB’s ERT was assigned to support 

GEMS’ CMT and BIB’s EMT to develop policies and implement procedures for COVID-19 preventive measures on-site. Moving 

forward, we hope to continue to carry out the monthly emergency drills/simulations and scenario-based emergency situations 

such as Fatality Preventions and Oil Spill Response on land or offshore.  

Figure 14: Our performance against our goals for emergency response

Our goals for emergency response 

Our Performance in FY2020

Strengthening our ERT structure

GEAR has established a strong Emergency Response structure comprising all departments and 

contractors on-site. In FY2020, GEAR deployed 5 ERTs covering the Command Centre, pit, coal 

hauling roads and port areas. 

Moreover, in FY2020, since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, ERTs were deployed to 

implement and monitor the progress of the various precautionary measures in BIB, over and 

above the emergency situations from operations. 

Improving the competencies of 

our ERT members

In FY2020, BIB conducted 20 in-house emergency drills / simulations to ensure the competencies 

of its ERT members, employees and employees of its contractors are re-enforced. In addition, 

ERT’s Leader would conduct in-house trainings to newly joined ERT members to help prepare 

their readiness to be certified by the relevant institutions once the COVID-19 situation in 

Indonesia improves. The emergency drills / simulations conducted at BIB covers 4 different 

areas – Fire, Environment, Medical and Rescue. 

Examples of such trainings provided to ERT members, employees of BIB and those of its 

contractors, and volunteers, include: 

Fire Case and Road Incident Rescue

Period: 26 February 2020 

Venue: Kusan Pit 

Participants: 15

Road Accident Rescue

Period: 6 May 2020

Venue: Workshop

Participants: 20

Constructing our Emergency Response 

(“ER”) Command Centre

In FY2020, the construction of our ER Command Centre, located at Kusan’s new office, was 

completed. 

Procuring additional rescue tools for 

vehicle extrication, water rescue, 

firefighting, confined space rescue and 

high angle rescue

In FY2020, 57 types of emergency tools and equipment were added to the ERT for vehicle 

extrication, water rescue, firefighting, confined space rescue and high angle rescue. 

Conducting emergency simulations for 

handling fatality prevention and oil spill 

related scenarios

A total of 20 emergency drills / simulations were conducted in FY2020. Emergency simulations 

for fatality prevention such as fire and vehicle accidents, oil spills, fall from height, drowning, 

slope failures, electric shock and working in confined spaces. 

Emergency drills for fatalities prevention such as fire and vehicle were conducted regularly in 

workshops, at our office premises and mess. 

Environment Incident – Fuel Spills

Period: 30 May 2020

Venue: Sediment Pond, Kusan Bawah Pit

Participants: 25

Injury 

Period: 3 October 2020

Venue: Disposal Pit, Kusan Bawah

Participants: 35

HEALTH AND SAFETY PROTECTION 

OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS


24

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH &amp; SAFETY

Our priority has always been to ensure the occupational health and safety of our employees and contractors. To protect them, we 

leverage on the highest safety standards available to drive operational excellence and sustainable growth. Our policies, as shown 

in Figure 16, and procedures serve to prevent these risks from developing into actual hazards. We constantly review the policies 

to ensure they are in line with our operations and compliant with the latest regulations. 

Figure 15: BIB’s nature and frequency of emergency of emergency simulations from FY2018 to FY2020

Figure 16: GEMS’ suite of policies for occupational health and safety



NATURE AND FREQUENCY OF EMERGENCY OF EMERGENCY SIMULATIONS

2018

2019

2020

Fire

Environmental

Rescue

Medical

4

3

2

5

5

1

1

4

2

8

6

We recognise that mining is a high-

risk activity that needs to be carefully 

managed 

to 

prevent 

dangers, 

accidents, occupational diseases and 

negative impact on the environment.

We develop work programmes which 

are based on continuous improvement 

and 

covering 

all 

our 

operational 

activities, taking into account HSE 

considerations.

We are committed to engage all workers 

within 

our 

concession, 

including 

contractors and subcontractors, in 

implementing 

HSE 

initiatives 

and 

complying with regulations / standards.

We strive to manage our contractors 

effectively and procure requisite goods 

and services to uphold mining safely.

Zero tolerance towards the use of 

drugs and alcohol in our work facilities.

We are committed towards:

• Complying 

with 

the 

Indonesian 

government’s laws regarding the use 

of drugs and alcohol; and

• Achieving a drug-free and alcohol-

free work environment.

To achieve this, we take the following 

measures:

• Conduct 

random 

and 

periodic 

checks on workers, contractors and 

business partners who are within our 

premises;

• Grant rest to workers who are 

suspected to be under the influence 

of drugs and alcohol; and

• Terminate 

employment 

contract 

with workers who are found to 

distribute and consume drugs and 

alcohol in our premises.

This policy is developed pursuant to 

the 

Indonesia’s 

Ministerial 

Decree 

no.68 (year 2008) about Prevention and 

Mitigation of HIV/AIDS at workplace.

The objectives of this policy are to 

prevent the spread of HIV/AIDS among 

workers and their families, and to 

safeguard our workers’ rights.

We are committed towards:

• Raising awareness about HIV/AIDS 

among all workers;

• Exercising 

non-discriminatory 

practices towards workers who are 

infected with HIV/AIDS;

• Offering free choices for workers to 

undergo HIV/AIDS screening without 

any compulsion and maintaining 

confidentiality of the test results;

• Offering regular healthcare services 

for infected workers; and

• Safeguarding the health and safety 

of all other workers.

GENERAL MINING SAFETY AND 

ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION 

POLICY

USE OF DRUGS AND 

ALCOHOL POLICY

HIV/AIDS POLICY

1

2

3

HEALTH AND SAFETY PROTECTION 

OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS


25

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



Occupational Health and Safety Management System

GEAR’s management systems comprise the Mineral and Coal Mining Safety Management System (“SMKP Minerba”) by the Ministry 

of Energy and Mineral Resources  of Indonesia (“ESDM”) and ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health and Safety Management System 

(“OHSMS”). BIB attained the ISO 45001:2018 OHSMS certification in December 2018, valid till December 2021. 

The Mineral and Coal Mining Safety Management System (“SMKP Minerba”)

In BIB, SMKP Minerba has been integrated into its corporate management system as part of its management on mining safety 

risks, which include mining workplace health and safety aspects and operational safety aspects. The SMKP Minerba, based on 

the Decision of the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources No.1827 of 2019 (formerly Regulation No.38 of 2014 of ESDM), aims 

to (i) improve the effectiveness of planned, measureable, structured and integrated mining safety management; (ii) prevent mine 

accidents, occupational diseases and hazardous occurences; (iii) create a safe, efficient and productive mining operations; 

and (iv) create a safe, healthy and efficient work environment to improve productivity. SMKP Minerba consists of 7 elements: 

Policy, Planning, Organisation and Personnel, Implementation, Evaluation and Follow up, Documentation, and Management 

Review, which are further broken down into 49 sub-elements. As part of the system implementation, BIB’s contractors must 

comply with the guidelines of SMKP Minerba in accordance with BIB’s work plan and terms. Each of the contractors must appoint 

an Operational Person-In-Charge (“PJO”) to oversee the implementation of the SMKP Minerba of its operations rendered in BIB. 

Together with the PJO, BIB’s Mining Head and top management of BIB, and BIB’s employees and workers, will collectively ensure 

the implementation of SMKP Minerba in BIB. 

In October 2020, a SMKP Minerba Internal Audit was performed on BIB and its contractors, to ensure that BIB and its contractors 

complied with the 7 elements and 49 sub-elements of SMKP Minerba and its technical guidelines. BIB and its contractors achieved 

a total average score of 87.7%, exceeding our internal target of 85%.

ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health and Safety Management System (“OHSMS”)

In FY2020, our OHSMS’s annual internal audit review, performed by an external independent professional, assessed various 

aspects of our OHSMS. We passed our annual ISO 45001:2018 audit in FY2020 as a requirement of the ISO standard. Although not 

a legal requirement, we expect that the implementation of ISO 45001:2018 will improve overall workplace health and safety and 

reduce occupational injuries and diseases in BIB. 





HEALTH AND SAFETY PROTECTION 

OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS


26

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Mining Safety and Environmental 

Management System by ESDM of Indonesia

ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health and 

Safety Management System

System implemented because 

of legal requirements

Yes

No

Scope of workers covered 

under this system

All employees of BIB and registered contractors’ 

employees on-site

All employees of BIB and registered contractors’ 

employees on-site

Figure 17: GEMS’ suite of policies for occupational health and safety

Ensuring the safety of our people through prevention of unauthorised access

To prevent unauthorised access, including child labour, BIB has two controls in place. The 

first control is present during the recruitment phase, where BIB enrols its employees and 

selected employees of contractors critical to its operations. The recruitment process 

includes the collection of employee personal details, including their fingerprints. During 

the recruitment phase, BIB forbids the employment of anyone below the age of 17. 

The second control is present at the entrance of the office premises, where BIB has a 

fingerprint scanner that only permits access to BIB’s employees and selected employees 

of contractors registered during their enrollment. 

Hazard Identification, Risk Assessment and Incident Investigation

We adopt the Root Cause Analysis (“RCA”) method to investigate the root cause of every incident and implement the corrective 

actions to prevent reoccurrence. To ensure the quality of investigation, at least one member of the investigation team will have 

to undergo RCA training. When the root cause has been identified, the most effective recommendation will be derived using 

the hierarchy of controls, with priority going to engineering controls, followed by administrative controls, work practice and 

lastly, personal protective equipment. 

After each investigation, the Health, Safety and Environment (“HSE”) Department log the incident through the HSE incident 

reporting portal. Historical incidents will serve as data feeds for the software in analysing our safety performance. The analysis will 

then reveal the classification of the incidents based on time, category of incident (such as health, safety or environment), degree 

of severity (such as mild, moderate, severe or fatal), proximate cause, root cause and recommendations to the management of 

BIB and their contractors for data analytics and audit trial. 

In the face of work-related hazards and hazardous situations, our workers are required to report work-related hazards to their 

supervisors and remove themselves from hazardous situations without fear of reprisals. To protect our workers against reprisals, 

BIB ensures that the name of the worker who reports the hazardous situation is kept confidential. To facilitate a more efficient 

reporting system, our online Hazard Reporting System, also known as iSAFE, allows employees and workers to report any hazards 

they encounter through their mobile phones. iSAFE is designed to capture the nature of the hazard(s), location(s), time of each 

report, photographic evidence, and personnel; facilities; and equipment involved. 

The reported information through iSAFE will be sent immediately to the Responsible Area Manager and recorded automatically 

in the database. Upon receiving the hazard report(s), the supervisor or Responsible Area Manager will review the information, 

identify the nature of hazard(s) and promptly conduct the follow-up action(s) to remove the hazard(s). Once the follow-up is 

completed, the Responsible Area Manager will report and send the follow-up evidence to the Safety Administrator. If the follow-

up has been deemed appropriate, the case will be closed. Otherwise, the report will be sent back to the Responsible Area Manager 

to make changes to the follow-up action and resubmit the evidence to the Safety Administrator. 



Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the fingerprint scanner has been replaced by a contactless card access system to safeguard 

the health of our employees and workers. It also acts as a deterrence for unauthorised personnel from entering into our office 

premises, thereby strengthening our commitment towards the safety of our workers as well as prevention of child labour. 

HEALTH AND SAFETY PROTECTION 

OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS


27

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Table 2: Frequency of engagements

Figure 18: GEMS HSE structure

Worker Participation, Consultation and Communication on Occupational Health and Safety

The HSE Department is in-charge of our Occupational Health and Safety (“OHS”) management as shown in Figure 18.  To ensure 

that our workers are represented, BIB’s OHS committee conducts several engagements such as safety committee meetings, 

safety talks, management review and other ad-hoc safety meetings whenever an improvement area is identified.

Type of engagements

Frequency

Safety Committee Meeting

Monthly

General Safety Talk 

Monthly

Weekly Safety Talk

Weekly

Management Review

Annual

Ad-hoc safety meetings

As and when required

GEMS CEO

Corporate 

HSE Head

HSE System 

Division Head

HSE System 

Department 

Head

HSE System 

Team

BIB HSE 

Division Head

HSE Operation 

Team

HSE Project 

SCCM Team

HSE Team

HEALTH AND SAFETY PROTECTION 

OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS


28

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Figure 19: BIB HSE structure

BUSINESS UNIT 

HEAD

BIB HSE DIVISION 

HEAD

HSE PIT OPERATION 

DEPARTMENT 

HEAD

HSE SYSTEM &amp; 

COMPLIANCE 

DEPARTMENT HEAD

ENVIRONMENT 

&amp; RECLAMATION 

DEPARTMENT HEAD

REHABILITATION 

SECTION HEAD

REHABILITATION 

&amp; RECLAMATION 

TEAM

HSE CPP* &amp; PORT 

PROJECT TEAM

HSE PIT 

OPERATION 

TEAM

DOCUMENT 

CONTROL 

TEAM

HSE 

TRAINING 

TEAM

GOVERNMENT 

REPORTING &amp; 

MONITORING 

TEAM

OCCUPATIONAL 

HEALTH TEAM

SYSTEM &amp; 

TRAINING TEAM

HSE ERT TEAM

HSE HAULING 

TEAM

ENVIRONMENTAL 

TEAM

ENVIRONMENTAL 

COMPLIANCE 

TEAM

ENVIRONMENT 

SECTION HEAD

HSE CPP* &amp; 

PORT PROJECT 

SECTION HEAD

HSE HAULING 

&amp; ERT SECTION 

HEAD

HSE PIT 

OPERATION 

SECTION HEAD

HSE 

COMPLIANCE 

&amp; AUDIT 

SECTION HEAD

HSE SYSTEM 

&amp; TRAINING 

SECTION HEAD

HEALTH AND SAFETY PROTECTION 

OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS

*  Coal Preparation Project


29

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Worker Training on Occupational Health and Safety

In FY2020, a total of 148 trainings related to occupational health and safety were carried out, with an average of 15 participants, 

including BIB employees and its contractors, in each training. 

The trainings include generic trainings on filing system and document control, first aid, safety leadership, as well as trainings 

on specific work-related hazardous activities such as mining precautions, slope rescue techniques and job safety analysis. In 

addition, 3 certification courses on Mine Operational Supervisory were provided to a total of 67 participants, including BIB’s 

employees and employees of its contractors, during working hours and free of charge. 

To evaluate the effectiveness of our trainings, we use either one of the following three methods. 

1. 

The first method involves an open-ended questionnaire to be completed by the participants. This feedback is provided to the 

trainer regarding the quality of his training material, teaching method, equipment used, classroom facilities, duration, and 

lastly, the participants’ understanding of the training and the importance of training to them. 

2. 

The second method requires participants to take a test to evaluate the degree of his understanding of the training. If the test 

is less than the cut-off score, the participant will be asked to re-attend the training and retake the test.

3. 

The third method involves obtaining feedback from the participants’ supervisor on any improvement shown by the trained 

participants sometime after he has completed the training. This is particularly crucial for maintaining the competency level 

of the mining supervisors such as POP (Mining Supervisory Competency – 1st level) or POM (Mining Supervisory Competency 

– 2nd level). If the feedback is less than ideal, the participant will be required to attend subsequent coaching sessions.

Integrated HSE Training System

To ensure compliance with safe distancing measures during the COVID-19 pandemic, BIB has developed an integrated training 

system, to increase employees’ knowledge and skill set. This is to maintain their competencies taking into consideration the 

associated health risks that comes along with these job procedures. As BIB is an energy coal mining company, this training is 

crucial to achieve high safety standards and operational efficiency and effectiveness in BIB.  

The Integrated HSE Training System addresses 6 training needs, namely – Basic Compulsory Training for all employees; 

Supervisory Training for all supervisors; Fatality Prevention Training and Specific Mine Safety and Environmental Training for BIB’s 

employees and those of its contractors; Emergency Response Training for our ERT and Non-ERT members; and Management 

System Training for employees who are of management grade as detailed in Table 3.

HEALTH AND SAFETY PROTECTION 

OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS


30

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Training

Topics covered during the trainings 

Objectives of training 

Basic Compulsory Training (PWD)

• General Induction on Mine Safety and 

Environmental Management

• Hazard Identification

• Basic First Aid Kit Training

• Basic Fire Extinguisher Training

• Basic Handling of Hydrocarbons

• To provide employees with knowledge and 

understanding regarding the objectives, vision, 

mission and commitment of GEMS General Mining 

Safety and  Environmental Protection Policy

• To provide employees with basic competency 

training in recognising hazards in the work areas 

when undertaking risk control efforts 

• To provide employees with trainings related to 

basic handling of an emergency injury, fire or 

hydrocarbon spill in all areas of the business 

operations

• Basic training will be conducted by a designated 

experienced instructor

Mandatory Training for Supervisors 

(PWP)

• Inspection

• Observation

• Incident Investigation

• Electrical Safety Talk

• To train and develop supervisors with necessary 

skills and competencies to improve mining safety 

and environmental performance in accordance 

with Decision Number 1827 K/30//MEM/2018 

issued by ESDM for Implementation of Good Mining 

Engineering Standards and ESDM Regulation 

Number 43 of 2016 on Standards for Operational 

Supervisors Specialised in Mineral and Coal Mining

Fatality Prevention Training (PKF)

• Vehicle Operations

• Vehicle Condition

• Mine Slopes

• Hauling Roads

• Working near Waters

• Working in High Grounds

• Electricity

• Heavy Loads

• Handling of Explosive 

• LockOut TagOut (“LOTO”)

• Confined Room

• Fatigue

• Provide supervisors with specific training on 

knowledge and skills to manage operational risks 

such as hazard identification and risk assessment, 

personnel 

selection, 

training, 

competence 

and 

authority, 

participation, 

consultation, 

communication and awareness of critical risks, 

design, purchase, manufacture and installation of 

critical equipment, work methods and operational 

control, 

SPIP 

feasibility 

and 

maintenance, 

emergency management, performance evaluation 

as well as continuous improvement

Table 3: Integrated HSE Training System

HEALTH AND SAFETY PROTECTION 

OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS


31

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Training

Topics covered during the trainings 

Objectives of training 

Special Mine Safety and 

Environmental Training (PKK)

• Manual Handling 

• Occupational related diseases

• Fatigue Management

• Basic Sling Lifting 

• Basic Electrical Safety

• Hazardous Material

• LOTO Isolation

• Basic Defensive Driving

• Prestart Check Unit

• Drilling Exploration

• Project Expansion

• B3 Management

• Handling Hot Materials

• Provide relevant workers with specific training on 

knowledge and skills regarding work safety based 

on various risks outlined in the topics covered 

during the trainings

Emergency Response Training (PTD)

• Medical First Responder

• High Angle Rescue

• Confined Space Rescue

• Road Accident Rescue

• Water Rescue

• Underwater Rescue

• Collapsed Structure Rescue

• Jungle Rescue &amp; Survival 

• Fire Fighting 

• Training is mandatory for ERT members and first 

aiders in BIB, and volunteers 

• This training will be delivered by the ERT Leaders 

or experienced external trainers

Management System Training (PSM)

• SMKP Minerba Awareness

• ISO 45001:2018 Awareness

• ISO 14001:2015 Awareness

• Filing and Documentation System 

• Management System

• Training is conducted for HSE personnel and 

personnel from other departments who are 

directly involved in the process of development of 

documentation, implementation and evaluation 

or performance audit of our Mining Safety and 

Environmental Management Systems

• This training will be conducted by experienced 

trainers

HEALTH AND SAFETY PROTECTION 

OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS


32

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



Safety Talk on Fatality Prevention

Safety talks on fatality prevention are conducted regularly to increase and reinforce employees’ safety awareness when working 

in high risks areas.  These talks are conducted in a manner which are short and concise so that employees can easily understand 

and remember. Additionally, the contents of the safety talks are also well-structured, where each talk covers 5 different scopes 

– Topic; Preliminary; Source of Hazard or Danger; Incident Mechanism; and Incident Prevention. This is to ensure that employees 

understand and are able to discharge their duties while bearing in mind “Safety is my necessity”. 

To increase our employees’ risk awareness, BIB has identified 12 critical risk areas via its risk assessment on operational areas 

that may result in serious injury or fatality. These 12 critical risks are:

1. Safe driving;

2. SPIP management;

3. Mine slope stability;

4. Mine road stability;

5. Working near water;

6. Working at height;

7. Working with electricity;

8. Lifting;

9. Blasting and explosive materials;

10. Lockout tagout of equipment/machinery;

11. Working in confined spaces; and

12. Fatigue.

Figure 20: Integrated HSE trainings in FY2020

28 August 2020 Lock Out Tag Out Training 

via Zoom attended by BIB’s employees and 

contractors (128 personnel) 

5 November 2020, Filing System &amp; 

Document Control Training via Zoom 

attended by BIB’s employees and 

contractors (90 personnel)

General Induction &amp; Basic Safety Training 

via Zoom (every Tuesday and Saturdays) 

attended by BIB’s employees and 

contractors

29 October 2020, Incident Investigation 

Training for Supervisor via Zoom attended 

by BIB’s employees and contractors  

(120 personnel)

19 January 2020 “ Manual Handling 

Training in Improvement Room BIB 

Angsana” attended by BIB’s employees 

and contractors (25 personnel)

13 July 2020, Hazard Identification Training 

via Zoom attended by BIB’s employees and 

contractors (42 personnel)













With the Integrated HSE Training System, most of the planning, execution, documentation and evaluation of the training are 

performed digitally. The following figure presents some of our trainings held in-person and online.

HEALTH AND SAFETY PROTECTION 

OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS


33

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Occupational Health Services and Promotion of Worker Health

As part of our contingency plans, all of our concession areas have their own First Aid Station (“FAS”) with paramedics on-site to 

provide basic emergency medical services. Some of our FAS include medical professionals such as doctors and medical officers 

on-site and first aiders. During emergencies, our trained and experienced first aiders will practice the DR-ABC (Danger, Response, 

Airway, Breathing and Circulation) principle, as follows.











DANGER

CIRCULATION

AIRWAY

RESPONSE

BREATHING

1

5

2

4

3

The first aider shall determine whether it is safe to 

approach the casualty. The first aider must ensure that 

he does not put himself or any bystander in danger when 

approaching the casualty.

The first aider shall try to obtain responses from the 

casualty when the first aider talks to him, touches his 

hands or squeezes his shoulder.  This is to ensure that 

the casualty is conscious and can communicate his 

condition to the first aider.

If the casualty is not responding and he is unconscious, the first aider shall 

open the casualty’s mouth and have a look inside. If his mouth is clear, the 

first aider shall tilt the casualty’s head gently back (by lifting his chin) and 

check for breathing. If the mouth is not clear, the first aider shall place the 

casualty on his side, open his mouth and clear the contents, then tilt the 

head back and check for his breathing. The casualty’s head shall remain 

tilted to keep the airway open to allow for breathing.

The first aider shall check for breathing of the casualty 

by looking for chest movements (up and down). CPR will 

be applied if the casualty’s breathing is abnormal. If the 

casualty can breathe on his own, he shall be put in the 

recovery position.

The first aider shall check for a pulse if the casualty does 

not respond to the first aider’s questions or when casualty is 

unconscious. If the first aider could not detect a pulse, the first 

aider will call for help from the emergency team immediately. 

Chest compressions may be practiced only by trained first aider.

HEALTH AND SAFETY PROTECTION 

OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS


34

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Once the vital signs have stabilised, the first aider will assess the casualty’s injury and, depending on the type of injury sustained, 

gives the appropriate injury treatment to the casualty.  

The following are some of our occupational health services at BIB:

To encourage our employees to keep a healthy lifestyle, BIB provides medical check up for new hires and periodical check ups 

for existing employees. We also organise health promotion programmes such as Health Talks with the Doctors, the Badan 

Penyelenggara Jaminan Sosial (“BPJS”)11  Programme  (or Social Security Administration Body) and Cooperation with Local Clinics. 

The BPJS programme informs employees on the copayment of social security by the employer and employee in the proportion 

regulated by the Indonesian law. For employees registered under the BPJS employment and BPJS healthcare programmes, they 

will be covered under the insurance for work-related incidents and illnesses. The terms and conditions of the insurance coverage 

are regulated by law. The Cooperation with Local Clinics involves a binding contract between BIB and local medical services 

providers located within sub-district Angsana, to provide BIB’s employees with regular, emergency medical services, medical 

check ups and health promotion programmes conducted by medical doctors. 

Occupational health service

Description

Pre-employment medical check up

Rigorous physical examination such as hearing impairment, respiratory, visual, routine blood tests, 

urinalysis, x-ray imaging, electrocardiogram (ECG) and treadmill test.

Annual medical check up

Same medical parameters as pre-employment medical check-up, to detect any health issues at 

the earliest.

Specific medical check up

For high-risk personnel who are at risk of exposure to electrical, chemical or radioactive hazards, 

requiring more thorough and frequent checks biannually.

One-on-one medical consultation

Conducted after each medical check up.

Health risk assessments

Conducted in the office and on-site.

Health-related survey

To measure the adequacy of lighting, noise, dust, air quality, temperature, humidity, heat stress 

and vibration.

Health talks

Conducted by doctors from local clinics.

11  BPJS is a legal body established by the government to administer social security programme.

Improved Features of iSAFE 

iSAFE is a mobile application that is accessible by every supervisor, employee and worker on their smartphone devices. iSAFE was 

developed to address the needs of speed and accuracy in reporting safety accidents. By using iSAFE, supervisors and employees 

would spend lesser time on writing safety reports and the data records will be intact.

In FY2020, following feedbacks from the users, BIB improved certain function of iSAFE, such as:

•  Features to support iPhone’s iOS platform

• Additional panic button features

• SAP reporting

• Increase safety accidents reporting frequencies to daily

• Global Positioning System (GPS) detection of the employees’ whereabouts

The reports generated by iSAFE will be analysed by BIB’s data analysts and management team through a real time dashboard. In 

FY2021, iSAFE will undergo further enhancement to include additional features such as the Facility Infrastructure Installation Tools 

Management (“SPIP”), live video streaming of safety talks, assignment and re-assignment reporting, contractor management, and 

fleet management for heavy equipment including trucks.

HEALTH AND SAFETY PROTECTION 

OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS


35

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020





Figure 21: Features of iSAFE from 2019 to 2020 and additional features to be introduced in 2021

Figure 22: Supervisors, employees and workers using iSAFE to log hazards







HEALTH AND SAFETY PROTECTION 

OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS


36

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Safety Culture Change Management 

Our Safety Culture Change Management (“SCCM”) was initiated in FY2019 as part of our continual risk assessment and management 

programme for workplace safety. The safety culture surveys were conducted in 2018 and early 2019, and were based on five 

levels found in the Minerals Industry Risk Managements (“MIRM”) Maturity Chart – Vulnerable, Reactive, Compliant, Proactive, and 

Resilient. BIB is currently moving towards the “Compliant” level, having successfully implemented the necessary programmes 

under the Compliant stage.

Our SCCM Journey in BIB

As part of our journey towards improving the safety culture to enable a change in our employees’ mindset from “Safety is an 

Obligation” to “Safety is My Necessity”, one-on-one coaching has commenced since November 2019 to February 2021. Our 

milestones are shown in the diagram below.

November 2019 

93 Participants

December 2019 

93 Participants

January - 

February 2020 

93 Participants

August 2020 - 

March 2021 

100 Participants

April 2021

Programmes implemented under the “Compliant” level in FY2020

Status

• Compliance Culture

• Some participation

• Near miss discussions

• Acceptable training/awareness

• Regular people involvement and focus

• Occupational Health and Safety (”OH&amp;S”) Coordination driven

• OH&amp;S standards system and ISO 9002 or equivalent

• Risk assessment through existing systems

• Total legal compliance

• Strictly enforce the use of PPE when required (knowing risk)

• Causal incident analysis based on event potential

• Information sharing from events (e.g. through several media platforms – Instagram, 

WhatsApp, Email etc.)

• Planned occupational hygiene / environmental monitoring

• Planned monitoring / audits

• Safety meetings and talks

• Some task observations

Achieved

Established and good communication channels

In progress of 

establishing improved 

communication channels



HEALTH AND SAFETY PROTECTION 

OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS


37

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Performance

BIB reported a constant Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (“LTIFR”) of 0.07 in FY2020 and FY2019, way below our threshold of 0.18. 

On the other hand, we saw a slight increase in our Lost Time Injury Severity Rate (“LTISR”) from 6.65 in FY2019 to 8.63 in FY2020. 

The increase in our LTISR was due to the occurrence of two high-consequence injuries of our contractors’ workers who suffered 

fractured limbs which took a longer time to recover. The first injury case was due to  a non-compliance of BIB’s safety measures 

by a supervisor of BIB’s contractor, causing him to lose his balance while standing on a 1.2m tall safety berm, which resulted in a 

fracture in his left leg. The second case was a worker of BIB’s contractor while working near a sediment pond, tripped and fractured 

his left arm. We take the occurrence of any work injuries seriously, and have implemented efforts to prevent the reoccurrence of 

high-consequence injuries, which include conducting regular assessments to measure the level of our supervisors’, employees’ 

and workers’ safety awareness, having a Safety Culture Change Management programme and conducting Safety Behaviors 

Observations. Further details and explanation on our efforts to prevent high-consequence injuries can be found in Figure 25.

BIB also requires contractors to conduct regular assessments to measure level of their supervisors’ and workers’ safety awareness. 

BIB has also designated flat grounds in various locations on-site for the contractors’ drivers and their supervisors to supervise 

the work that is being carried out.  Additionally, BIB has put up several danger warning signage at high-risk areas. Contractors are 

also required to implement a buddy system for their workers working on high-risk areas and ensure that their workers keep the 

surrounding area near the sediment ponds clear from clutter or obstructions. 

Figure 23: BIB’s year-to-date Lost Time Injury Frequency12  and Severity13  Rates in FY2018, FY2019 and FY2020

Figure 24: Number and rate of recordable work-related injury, man-hours worked for BIB employees and contractors in FY2020





LOST TIME INJURY FREQUENCY RATE (“LTIFR”)

2020

2020

2019

2019

2018

2018

LOST TIME INJURY SEVERITY RATE (“LTISR”)

Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate

Lost Time Injury Severity Rate

Threshold for LTIFR

Threshold for LTISR

0.05

0.2

11

4.68

0.07

0.19

10.45

6.65

0.07

0.18

9.93

8.63

12  Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate is the number of lost time injuries occurred per million man-hours worked.

13  Lost Time Injury Severity Rate is the number of lost time injuries incurred per million man-hours worked.

BIB Employees

BIB Contractors

Number of man-hours worked

976,080

29,273,981

Rate of recordable work-related injury

0

0.24

HEALTH AND SAFETY PROTECTION 

OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS


38

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Figure 25: Efforts to prevent high-consequence injuries

Efforts in preventing high-consequence injuries

Improve our Hazard Identification, Risk Assessment and Determining Control (“HIRADC”) to ensure hazards are properly identified and risk 

controls are properly established and implemented on field operations.

Improve safety competency of field supervisors by identifying gaps in their current competency and provide training programmes to 

close or narrow the competency gaps.

Conduct Safety Behaviour Observations to identify deviations in actual day-to-day implementations of safety procedures, gathering 

supervisors’ knowledge and understanding of the safety procedures and provide corrections or feedback for improvement, if any.

Through our SCCM, we aim to improve the safety behaviour of our supervisors, employees, workers and including those of our contractors 

and change their mindsets from “Safety is an Obligation” to “Safety is My Necessity”.

Continuously review our safety procedures to identify deficiencies and provide corrections or revisions based on field observations or 

recommendations for improvement from incident investigations.

Conduct specific-purpose Safety Improvement Projects in pit; hauling road; and port operations.

Conduct regular assessments to measure level of supervisors’, employees’ and workers’ safety awareness.

Designate flat grounds in various on-site locations for contractors’ drivers and supervisors for eye level activities.

Put up danger warning signage and implementation of buddy system at sediment pond locations or high-risk areas.

Ensuring that workers keep the surrounding areas near the sediment ponds free from clutter or obstructions.

One-Day Without Incident (“ODWI”) Programme

The ODWI programme was implemented to address the inconsistencies in the hazard identification and hazard reporting by our 

supervisors and field operators. It involves every mining supervisor and field operator who will spend a minimum of one day each 

week to identify and report hazards surrounding the workplace. 

ODWI provides a detailed analysis of hazard reports according to location, time, types of hazards, and frequency. Top-ten hazards 

are identified promptly on a weekly basis, and this information is communicated to Pit Operation Department for further actions 

to mitigate the risks and preventing further cases of such incidents.

The ODWI has been proven to be an effective programme in increasing hazard awareness, as well as a useful predictive tool 

for incident prevention by taking actions on identified hazards reported. The aim was to have adequate data for analysis of 

observed hazards and to remove the hazards before they developed further. This effort, we believed, has substantially reduced 

the incidents’ frequency.

There was a dip in hazard 

reporting in August 

due to the transition 

of method of daily 

hazard reporting for 

most BIB’s supervisors 

involved in pit operation, 

from manual to digital 

(known as iSAFE). As 

of October 2020, all 

BIB’s supervisors have 

successfully transitioned 

to using iSAFE for daily 

reporting.



HAZARD REPORT FOR PIT OPERATION IN 2020

APR

MAY

JUN

JUL

AUG

SEP

OCT

NOV

DEC

MAR

FEB

JAN

3,535

3,227

3,305

3,474

3,198

3,459

3,412

2,396

2,700

3,262

3,452

3,520

HEALTH AND SAFETY PROTECTION 

OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS

Figure 26: Hazard reports recorded


39

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020





Figure 27: Top ten hazards identified by ODWI weekly report and communicated to Pit Operation Department for further 

mitigation of potential risks and focused on preventing further cases of such incidents

Figure 28: Drill-down of hazards by work area to highlight the highly reported hazard locations and less reported hazard 

locations

Based on the Inspection Report by Work Area in 2020, ‘Front Loading’ has the highest inspection report while ‘Mine Road’ 

has the lowest inspection report at 12,293 reports and 3,300 reports, respectively. GEAR will take measures and remind 

the personnel in charge of inspections to increase the frequency of inspection reporting at hazard areas which have lower 

inspection report rate. 

TOP 10 HAZARD REPORT AREA PIT OPERATION 2020

INSPECTION REPORT BY WORK AREA 2020

Road Maintenance

Disposal

Emergency Tools

Housekeeping

Front Loading

Electrical Hazard

Building Condition

Workshop

Road Sign

Support Facility

Mine Road

Dumping Activity

Environmental Work

Road Standard

25.25%

8,223

26.34%

12,293

8.03%

4,012

5.96%

4.97%

4.13%

3.24%

3.18%

3.07%

7.35%

3,300

HEALTH AND SAFETY PROTECTION 

OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS


40

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

SAFETY PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS FOR FY2020

LABOUR

RELATIONS





5,280 training hours for 75 

employees

Zero labour dispute or strike

POLICY/MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

• Group Personal Accident Policy

• Overseas Assignment Policy

• Overseas Business Travel Policy

• Leave Policy

• GEMS HR Corporate Policy

• GEMS Labour Relations Management Policy

• GEMS Recruitment Policy

UN SDG ALIGNMENT

FY2020 TARGETS ACHIEVED

Target

UN SDG

Zero labour dispute or strike

UN SDG 8.8

100% compliance to manpower 

regulations

UN SDG 8.8

2 training courses over a rolling 2-year 

period for talent

UN SDG 4.4

95% retention rate of talent

UN SDG 8.5

WHY IS THIS IMPORTANT TO GEAR?

At GEAR, our success is attributed to the passion of our employees 

in helping to build a thriving business. Thus, human capital is our 

greatest asset. With the mining industry and business requiring 

many human resources, GEAR places high emphasis on making 

sure the well-being of our employees is addressed. We invest in 

a diverse range of learning and educational programmes for our 

employees as we recognise the competitive advantage it offers 

and how vital it is for our employees to be future-ready. The 

Group strives to continue providing opportunities to enhance the 

capabilities of our employees and contribute towards both their 

professional and personal growth. 




















41

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020





PROFILE OF OUR WORKFORCE

In FY2020, the overall number of employees in our workforce increased, with a total number of 425 employees in FY2020 as 

compared to 378 employees in FY2019. Our new employees are mostly based in Indonesia, where BIB is located. In FY2020, GEAR 

recorded a total of 72 new hires and 25 turnovers.

Even with the energy coal mining industry typically attracting more male employees due to the nature of its work, there was a 

0.4% increase in the percentage of female employees, from 18.0% in FY2019 to 18.4% in FY2020. The percentage of employees 

hired on a full-time basis with permanent contract  saw an increment from 75.7% in FY2019 to 80.7% in FY2020. As for the number 

of personnel who were engaged for daily labour purposes, zero was recorded. 

LABOUR

RELATIONS

Figure 29: Number and percentage of employees by gender16

Figure 30: Number and percentage of employees by employment category17

FY2018

17.7%

11.9%

11.3%

11.2%

4.0%

5.4%

70.2%

83.3%

82.6%

0.8%

0.7%

0.9%

FY2020

FY2019

Middle Management

Tradesman

Senior Management

Staff

PERCENTAGE OF EMPLOYEES BY EMPLOYMENT CATEGORY

PERCENTAGE OF EMPLOYEES BY GENDER 

Male

Female

83.7%

82.0%

81.6%

16.3%

18.0%

18.4%

2018

TOTAL: 355

TOTAL: 355

TOTAL: 378

TOTAL: 378

TOTAL: 425

TOTAL: 425

2019

2020













14 Employment contract is defined as either permanent contract or temporary contract, according to GRI Standards. A permanent employment contract is a contract 

with an employee, for full-time or part-time work, for an indeterminate period. A fixed-term employment contract is an employment contract that ends when a specific 

time-period expires, or when a specific task that has a time estimate attached is completed. GEAR has no fixed-term employees in Singapore.

15  GEAR has no part-time employees in both Singapore and Indonesia.

16 Data for FY2018 and FY2019 are restated for more accuracy.

17 Employment category for FY2018 and FY2019 are stated for consistency. Middle management comprises supervisors, middle management and senior managers.  

Senior management comprises Chief Executive Officer and business unit head.


42

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020





LABOUR

RELATIONS

Figure 31: Number of employees by employment contract (left) and employment type (right) in FY2020

Figure 32: New hires by age group, gender and region in FY2020

Figure 33: Turnover by age group, gender and region in FY2020



NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES BY 

EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT IN FY2020

NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES BY 

EMPLOYMENT TYPE IN FY2020

Male

30-50 years old

30-50 years old

&lt;30 years old

&lt;30 years old

Female

&gt;50 years old

&gt;50 years old

SINGAPORE

INDONESIA

INDONESIA

SINGAPORE

SINGAPORE

SINGAPORE

INDONESIA

INDONESIA

Permanent

Female

Female

Female

Female

Male

Male

Male

Male

Full-time

Full-time

Permanent

Fixed-term

Part-time

Part-time

Fixed-term

9

9

259

338

16

16

59

62

0

0

0

79

0

0

0

3

31

32

6

6

1

1

1

2

9

9

1

1

17

14

4

4

2


43

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

LABOUR

RELATIONS

Figure 34: GEAR and GEMS policies on employee benefits

LOOKING AFTER OUR EMPLOYEES &amp; TALENT MANAGEMENT

As part of a labour-intensive industry, we recognise the need to not only provide our employees with various benefits, but also 

to actively support their growth and development. We strive to be an employee-friendly organisation by offering competitive 

remuneration packages, medical benefits, and various training programmes to upskill our employees. To show our commitment 

to employees’ well-being, we have various policies on employee benefits as shown in Figure 34 below.

Employee Benefits

Group Personal Accident Policy 

Under this Policy, employee will be 

provided with worldwide and 24 hours 

personal accident insurance coverage. 

Overseas Assignment Policy  

Employee who is assigned to overseas 

will have to follow all the company 

policy of the assigned country. 

Additionally, this policy also covers a 

subsistence allowance for employee’s 

transport and food costs. 

Overseas Business Travel Policy  

GEAR has in a place a business travel 

policy to ensure the following: 

• Employees are given full 

reimbursement of related expenses

• A need to create a trip report which 

shall be submitted to the higher 

management

Leave Policy  

The Leave Policy is in place to ensure 

employees understand their eligibility 

and entitlements for different types of 

leave. 

HR Corporate Policy

GEMS introduced its corporate policy, 

which covers welfare and benefits which 

can be enjoyed all employees. This includes 

such as: 

• Life Insurance 

• Car Ownership Programme (for 

employees from grade 9 and above)

GEAR

GEMS


44

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Talent Management

In-house employee training sessions organised by BIB

GEAR recognises the potential of all our employees and aims to foster a working environment conducive to professional 

development and growth through the provision of various training sessions. In FY2020, our employees attended various courses 

and workshops which were organised in-house and co-conducted with reputable leading institutions. The workshops covered 

various aspects of BIB business operations and supported our employees in developing skills ranging from gaining the necessary 

tools to reinforce the understanding of key mining concepts and global trends.

BIB has met target of 2 training courses per talent employee over a rolling 2-year period.  From FY2019 to FY2020, the 89 talents 

identified attended 2 to 3 training courses over a rolling 2-year period to 31 December 2020. 

In FY2020, with the aim of enhancing the skillset of all of our employees as well as providing them a platform to support their 

learning and professional development, the following training programmes were organised:

Note:  The physical trainings were conducted prior to the COVID-19 pandemic emergency period as announced by the Indonesia authorities on 17 March 2020. 

Potential Outcomes

Actions taken

4-month Conversational 

Indonesian course for 

expatriates 

Conducted by language teachers from English 

Today, a language institution in Jakarta, 18 

participants learned basic Indonesian language 

to enable them to converse and write basic 

Indonesian to help them in their daily tasks.

Green Belt Lean Six Sigma

Conducted by SSCX International, 16 participants 

from BIB learned Green Belt Lean Six Sigma 

project management concepts and applications 

in the workplace, for process improvement 

through waste elimination and variation 

reduction. Participants received a certification 

at the end of the course

Plaxis 2D and 3D 

GeoTechnical Software

Taught by GTL Consultant, 16 BIB employees 

learned to perform accurate two-dimensional 

(2D) and three-dimensional (3D) analysis of 

deformation and stability in geotechnical 

engineering and rock mechanics.

Training and Education for 

the Implementation of the 

Mineral and Coal Mining Safety 

Management System (SMKP 

Minerba)

Conducted by PPSDM – Geominerba Bandung, 

some 30 BIB employees and contractors 

receive the mandatory trainings and earned 

certifications. 

Training - Primary Operational 

Supervisor (POP) in Mining

Conducted by Allsys Cosultant  and LSP PERHAPI (Professional  Certification Institute - Indonesia 

Mining Experts Association), 31 BIB’s employees and contractors learned to supervise employees at 

the executive level and be responsible for the management of health and safety in a mining company, 

in accordance with the relevant regulations issued by ESDM. Participants received a certification at 

the end of the course.

LABOUR

RELATIONS










45

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

In-house training and development programmes organised by GEMS

GEMS provides both certifications and various training programmes for all employees. Annually, the respective Departmental 

Heads, together with HR Corporate, HR Business Partner, and the Management would identify new potential leaders or talents 

within the respective departments. They would also reassess the potential leaders or talents identified in previous years if 

they continue to meet the criteria as a potential leader or talent. GEMS continues to encourage all employees, regardless of 

their grades and their responsibilities to attend various certification programmes, such as Science, Technology, Engineering &amp; 

Management, Legal, General Management, and HSE. Due to the COVID-19 situation, the certification programmes are temporary 

put on hold since mid-March 2020 until the situation improves.

Besides certification programmes, GEMS has various leadership training courses for different grades and levels of employees.

Programme

Description

Graduate Development 

Programme (“GDP”)

The main focus of GDP is to provide training to these class of employees to lead and manage both 

themselves and front-line employees to effectively discharge their duties. 

Target group of employees: Supervisors or Team Leaders

Management Development 

Programme (“MDP”)

This programme focuses on providing these employees with knowledge on how to effectively lead 

and manage their employees (individually) for implementing workflow. 

Target group of employees: Section Heads

Executive Competency 

Development Programme 

(“ECDP”)

The ECDP’s main focus is to provide necessary training and development on how to effectively lead 

and manage teams. 

Target group of employees: Department Heads

Leadership Development 

Programme (“LDP”)

The focus of the LDP is to ensure that this class of employees can lead and manage potential leaders 

and employees within the division. The LDP will align the division heads to the 5 pillars of knowledge 

– Finance, Legal, Information Technology, Science &amp; Engineering and General Management. 

Target group of employees: Division Heads

Senior Leadership Development 

Programme (“SLDP”)

The main focus of SLDP is to ensure this class of employees have the ability on leading and managing 

the entire business unit and its human capital, think strategically and develop business acumen. 

Target group of employees: Heads of Business Unit and Section Unit or above

LABOUR

RELATIONS


46

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020







Performance18

The training hours in BIB, which comprises training provided to our staff, middle management (including supervisors) and senior 

management decreased from 8,736 hours for 141 participants in FY2019 to 5,280 hours for 75 participants in FY2020. The decrease 

in training hours are due to the COVID-19 pandemic situation, as certain trainings are not feasible to be conducted virtually. The 

following figures highlight our average training hours per employee from FY2018 to FY2020. 

Figure 35: Average training hours by geography

Figure 36: Average training hours by gender

Figure 37: Average training hours by employment category

Indonesia

Male

Tradesman

Singapore

Female

Staff

Middle Management

Senior Management

FY2018

FY2018

FY2018

FY2019

FY2019

FY2019

FY2020

FY2020

FY2020

40.8

37.4

31.4

65.9

14.3

49.2

76.0

23.4

23.7

40.4

13.2

14.5

7.4

44.9

132.4

56.1

0.0

3.9

0.0

0.0

29.3

65.1

1.0

3.4

18  FY2019 average training hours has been restated for more accuracy.

LABOUR

RELATIONS


47

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

LABOUR RELATIONS MANAGEMENT

At GEAR, we believe that a harmonious relationship between the employee and his supervisor is the key to building a strong 

foundation of good working values and ethics. We highly encourage all employees and workers to embrace open communication 

and dialogue. We have in place GEMS’ Labour Relations Management Policy to manage this aspect, as highlighted in the figure 

below. 

Figure 38: GEMS’ Labour Relations Management and Recruitment Policies  

Labour Relations Management Policy

GEMS has in place a Labour Relations Management Policy which is in line with the main principles of 

GEAR and shows how GEMS places a high emphasis on the welfare of its employees. The policy is also 

enforced, with hopes of achieving 3 main targets:

1. Reinforce and clarify the rights and obligations of the employer and its employees

2. Better guarantee the rights and obligations of the employer and its employees

3. Maintain and enhance a prolific working relationship between the employer and its employees

Recruitment Policy

GEMS has in place a recruitment policy for employees aged above 18 years old. The recruitment policy 

ensures that all employees meet the requirement for the position and does not have any competing 

or conflicting interests.

Counselling and Resolution of Workers’ and Employees’ Complaints Policy

BIB has a policy in place which aims to resolve any form of conflict or complaint at work at an early 

stage. There are three main principles behind this policy:

1. Every supervisor must be open to listening to problems experienced by or complaints from his or 

her subordinates relating to work; or relationships between colleagues.

2. Every subordinate must be open to receive inputs/suggestions relating to the problems 

identified.

3. In certain cases, complaints can also be conveyed through the Human Resource Department, 

after which the Industrial  and Employee Relations Department to follow up with the cases.















All employees have direct access to and are encouraged to communicate with the Human Resources Department. In cases where 

the supervisors are unable to resolve the issue, the matter will be escalated to GEAR’s Industrial and Employees Relations Team. 

Our Industrial and Employees Relations Team handles disputes professionally and ensures that a common understanding and 

acceptable solution is reached among the relevant parties involved.

In the event of a significant change in operational activity that may affect GEAR’s or BIB’s employees, our practice is to provide a 

minimum one month notice period in advance. BIB fully complies with Indonesian labour laws, and this is reflected through annual 

audits conducted by the Ministry of Manpower and Transmigration.

LABOUR

RELATIONS


48

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

LABOUR

RELATIONS

Table 4: Key programmes and SOPs implemented

Programme and SOPs

GEAR

During GEAR’s biannual townhall meetings, the Group CEO, or his nominee, provides general 

updates on GEAR’s operations objectives and business strategies, followed by respective heads of 

department who will provide an update on their department’s performance and their departmental 

objectives. Employees are also invited to share their thoughts and insights on how their work 

processes could improve in following year.

GEMS

(SOPs also applicable to BIB)

GEMS Human Resource 5-year Plan 

GEMS has in place a Human Resource 5-year plan, which spans from 2017-2022. The main goal is to 

create an agile and efficient workforce and organisation to support the corporate strategy. Through 

this, the objective is to support both growth and productivity strategies. 

GEMS Grievance Mechanism 

GEMS has a 7-step grievance mechanism for all employees, which provides a clear and transparent 

framework for addressing any form of grievance found in the workplace. This is to ensure that all 

disputes will be settled to ensure a harmonious relationship between the employees and their 

supervisors. 

GEMS Training and Development Programmes

GEMS has in place leadership training and development programme for all the employees. Although 

employees are highly encouraged to develop initiative in attending these training and development 

programmes, their supervisors may also recommend the necessary training and development 

programmes to reconcile knowledge and competency gaps of their employees. 

GEMS Annual Townhall Meeting 

GEMS hold annual townhall meeting at the corporate level to discuss its strategic and business 

objectives, as well as expressing gratitude from the management to employees at site in ensuring 

sustainable operation. To help employees cope with the COVID-19 pandemic situation, the townhall 

meeting was focused on counselling employees on topics such as the importance of working from 

home and staying safe and healthy. Employees are also encouraged to provide their views about 

work and any issues that they may encounter.

BIB

BIB Counselling and Resolution of Workers’ and Employees’ Complaints Procedure 

BIB has a Counselling and Resolution of Workers’ and Employees’ Complaints Procedure which aims 

to help in the early detection of any complaint or problem that the Human Resource Department at 

BIB could help to resolve and prevent it’s reoccurrence. 

BIB Monthly and Annual Townhall Meetings

BIB holds 2 different townhall meetings – monthly and annually. 

During the monthly townhall meetings with the employees, BIB’s Business Unit Head touches on, 

amongst others, the performance of BIB and the safety aspects at site which reinforces employees’ 

awareness of the importance of staying safe. In addition, all employees are given a chance to air 

their grievances, if any, and how they think they could improve their work processes.

During the annual year-end townhall meetings with the employees, the Mining Head of BIB will 

express gratitude to all employees and inform the team the operational objectives for the next year. 

While business strategy and operational objectives are also covered, the Mining Head also takes 

this opportunity to recognise the effort of our employees that allowed BIB to be one of Indonesia’s 

leading energy coal mining operations.

At GEAR, GEMS and BIB, numerous programmes and Standard Operating Procedures (“SOPs”) have been implemented to support 

our employees and ensure their well-being is taken care of, as highlighted in Table 4 below.

Performance

GEAR is proud to announce that in FY2020, there were zero cases of strikes and lockouts. This clearly reflects and indicates 

the positive working environment and relationships which have been fostered within our working community. 


49

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



M I N I M I S I N G  A DV E R S E  E N V I R O N M E N TA L 

I M PAC T  A N D  S T R E N G T H E N I N G  C L I M AT E 

R E S I L I E N C E























This impact area demonstrates our commitment to be a sustainably driven company, aligning with our 

mission pillar of operating our mines responsibly, sustainably and safely with measures to minimise our 

impact to our environment.

ABOUT THIS IMPACT AREA

Material Matters under 

this impact area

Sub-matters

UN SDGs aligned to 

this impact area

ENVIRONMENT

Air Quality Management

Energy Consumption

Greenhouse Gas Emissions

Solid Waste Management

Land Management

Water Resource Management












50

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT



75% compliance with local air quality 

regulations

5% increase in fuel energy intensity 

from 0.19 GJ/tonne in FY2019 to 0.23 GJ/

tonne in FY2020

Increase in electricity usage intensity 

from 0.17 kWh/tonne in FY2019 to 0.58 

kWh/tonne in FY2020

100% compliance with local effluent 

discharge limits 

63.5 ha of land rehabilitated in FY2020 

POLICY/MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

• ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management System 

attained by BIB in December 201819 and managed by GEAR’s 

HSE Department

• BIB’s Mining Safety and Environmental Protection Policy

• GEMS’ Waste Dumping Policy

• GEMS’ Land Reclamation Policy

• BIB Hazardous Solid Waste Disposal Policy

UN SDG ALIGNMENT

Target

Status

UN SDG

Air Quality for nitrous oxide, 

sulphur dioxide and carbon 

monoxide below government 

limits; and above for total 

suspended particulate emissions.

Partial

UN SDG 3.9

UN SDG 12.4

Did not meet land reclamation 

target of 87.28 hectares.

Not met

UN SDG 15.2

All effluent parameters under 

the upper limit set by the local 

government

Achieved UN SDG 6.3

WHY IS THIS IMPORTANT TO GEAR?

Due to the nature of our operations, our sector has high impact on 

the environment from air pollution, waste generation, land use and 

GHG emissions. We, at GEAR, take a strong stand in minimising 

impact to the environment that we operate in and are committed 

to carrying out our operations in a responsible and sustainable 

manner.

















































FY2020 TARGETS PARTIALLY ACHIEVED

19  BIB passed the FY2020’s external audit for the existing ISO 14001:2015 

certificate attained in FY2018.

SAFETY PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS FOR FY2020


51

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT

AIR QUALITY MANAGEMENT

GEAR places great importance in ensuring the quality of air from our operations does not adversely affect the communities living 

near our concession areas, or the surrounding environment. We have taken stringent measures to prevent the release of harmful 

gases above regulatory limits as well as to suppress emissions from dust.

At GEAR, it is our aim to not only maintain air quality within the upper limits set by the authorities, but also to ensure good air 

quality for the neighbouring communities. To do so, we engage a certified independent labouratory to monitor the quality of 

ambient air in our concession areas. Tests from the labouratory are subsequently submitted every quarter to the Environmental 

Department of Tanah Bumbu. These tests ensure that emissions released as a by-product of our operations remain at levels 

deemed safe by the Indonesian government. In 2020, 3 inspections were also carried out by agencies appointed by the local 

regulatory, with the exception where the local authorities waived the inspection for June 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic 

lockdown.  The inspection for FY2020 was last performed on 31 December 2020. 

GEAR’s SOP on the “Collection and Processing of Genset Emission Test Data” serves to guide the team in measuring emissions 

from generators.

Performance

In FY2020, GEAR has met the air quality upper limits for NO2, SO2 and CO mandated by local government regulations. Due to the 

COVID-19 pandemic, air quality samples for the second quarter of 2020 were waived in Indonesia. As the Kusan workshop and 

Makmur mining areas are close to the public roads which are frequently used by other mining companies, the total suspended 

particulates (“TSP”) readings for these areas were higher than the regulatory limit. The higher readings were also attributed from 

the use of a new sampling method, whereby TSP limits were monitored over 24 hours on a windy day, resulting in higher average 

TSP readings in Kusan workshop and Makmur mining area. Although the public roads which are frequently used by other mining 

companies do not belong to BIB, but as part of GEAR’s environmental efforts, BIB would periodically mobilised water spray trucks 

to wet these roads to minimise pollution from TSP.

Figure 39: Collection and Processing of Genset Emission Test Data SOP

Objective of SOP

 To maintain air quality and emission 

control

 To provide guidelines for accurate air 

and emissions sampling

 To comply with the government-

mandated quality standards

Process Guidance

Maintenance

 Daily maintenance before using the 

generators

 Monthly maintenance of the 

generators

Air quality and emission control

 Sampling by certified labouratory 

which uses nationally recognised 

methods

Follow-up response

 Regular reporting to the government

 Analyse data using the other 

parameters, such as coal production 

and overburden volume, as a 

comparison

Complying with 

Government’s threshold limit

 Ministry of Environment and 

Forestry Regulation

 South Kalimatan Governor 

Regulation

 Nitrogen Dioxide = 200µg/Nm3

 Carbon Monoxide = 20,000µg/Nm3

 Sulphur Dioxide = 900µg/Nm3

 Particulate = 230µg/Nm3

COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF 

GENSET EMISSIONS TEST DATA


52

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT

Figure 40: BIB’s NO2 emissions (ambient air) in FY2020 in comparison with the upper limit set by the local government

Figure 41: BIB’s SO2 emissions (ambient air) in FY2020 in comparison with the upper limit set by the local government

Figure 42: BIB’s CO emissions (ambient air) in FY2020 in comparison with the upper limit set by the local government







Q1

Q1

Q1

Q3

Q3

Q3

Q4

Q4

Q4

200.0

800.0

1000.0

20,000

200

900

20,000

150.0

600.0

15,000

100.0

400.0

10,000

50.0

200.0

5,000

0.0

0.0

0.0

Bunati Port

NO2 Emission (µg/Nm3)

SO2 Emission (µg/Nm3)

CO Emission (µg/Nm3)

Bunati Port

Bunati Port

Girimulya 

Workshop

Girimulya 

Workshop

Girimulya 

Workshop

Girimulya 

Mining Area

Girimulya 

Mining Area

Girimulya 

Mining Area

Kusan 

Mining Area

Kusan 

Mining Area

Kusan 

Mining Area

Kusan 

Workshop

Kusan 

Workshop

Kusan 

Workshop

Makmur 

Mining Area

Makmur 

Mining Area

Makmur 

Mining Area

Office &amp; 

Mess Angsana

Office &amp; 

Mess Angsana

Office &amp; 

Mess Angsana

Upper limit set by local government

Emission (µg/Nm3)

Upper limit set by local government

3.5

43.7

469

6.4

60.3

526

39.2

4.5

606

3.3

49.1

549

2.3

2.3

537

37.0

16.2

457

46.1

17.8

514

4.0

17.6

846

8.0

22.3

754

9.7

21.0

789

12.3

29.1

709

19.4

19.4

697

1.5

12.4

926

0.9

13.6

869

6.6

15.4

926

6.2

12.0

823

8.7

21.5

937

7.1

23.5

663

8.0

22.5

720

5.9

21.8

411

4.3

20.8

583


53

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT

Figure 43: BIB’s TSP-ambient emissions (ambient air) in FY2020 in comparison with the upper limit set by the local government

Figure 44: BIB’s Mining Safety and Environmental Protection Policy



Q1

Q3

Q4

200.0

350.0

230

150.0

300.0

100.0

250.0

50.0

0.0

TSP-ambient Emission (µg/Nm3)

Bunati Port

Girimulya 

Workshop

Girimulya 

Mining Area

Kusan 

Mining Area

Kusan 

Workshop

Makmur 

Mining Area

Office &amp; 

Mess Angsana

Upper limit set by local government

189.9

24.5

17.1

60.4

60.4

21.4

18.4

76.8

62.2

39.5

136.4

309.6

272.2

36.8

166.1

19.2

20.4

9.7

116.2

6.7

29.2

ENERGY CONSUMPTION AND GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS

Today, climate change has become a critical area of concern for many individuals and organisations around the world. As GEAR 

recognises the increasing importance of the sustainable use of energy and natural resources, we remain committed to consuming 

energy in a responsible manner so that we minimise our environmental impact on the planet. 

BIB’s Mining Safety and Environmental Protection Policy

In achieving this vision, BIB has a mission to build a corporate culture centred on human 

resource assets, a superior operational focus and build sustainable growth through high 

safety standards, the development of good community empowerment programmes, 

management and strong environmental protection consistently, maintaining biodiversity 

and undertaking efforts in energy efficiency and recycling waste. 

In carrying out this mission, BIB is fully committed to implement this Mining Safety and 

Environmental Protection Policy. BIB is aware that mining operations have impacts that 

need to be managed appropriately to ensure the safety of people, operations, equipment, 

environmental protection, conserving water resources, maintaining biodiversity and 

undertaking waste recycling efforts. 


54

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

BIB attained ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management System in December 2018, valid till December 2021. In FY2020, an annual 

external surveillance audit was performed in August 2020, and two inspections were carried out on the robustness of such system, 

as well as keeping our environmental management system in check. The ISO14001:2015 audit was conducted simultaneously with 

ISO45001:2018 surveillance audit, and BIB has passed the ISO14001:2015 annual audit with an overall score of 95%.

Performance20

Since FY2019, GEAR has consumed a mixture of petrodiesel, gasoline, B20-graded biodiesel in our operations. B20-graded 

biodiesel was mandated in 2016 by the Indonesian government to be used in all mining operations. In FY2020, GEAR has also 

integrated the use of B30-graded biodiesel in our mining operations based on updated government regulations.

In FY2020, GEAR’s biodiesel consumption increased by 74.4% as compared to consumption in FY2019, driven by GEAR’s strategy 

to engage larger suppliers with the ability to supply higher-graded biodiesel to our contractors. Overall, total fuel consumption in 

BIB used by the contractors has increased by 5% due to expansion in production from 28.8 million tonnes in FY2019 to 30.5 million 

tonnes in FY2020.

Electricity consumption at BIB has also increased from 175.96 TJ in FY2019 to 631.9 TJ in FY2020 as our Bunati Port has been 

tapping into the grid electricity at 5.5MW capacity instead of using generators that consume fuel. Since September 2019, BIB 

has connected electricity generated from its Bunati Port’s generator sets to PLN (Indonesian government-owned electricity 

distribution corporation), therefore leading to the increase in electricity consumed in FY2020. 



20 BIB’s energy consumption data has been restated for FY2018 and FY2019. For fuel, there is a restatement for FY2019 data for more accuracy.

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT


55

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Figure 45: BIB’s direct energy consumption from fuel and scope 1 emissions arising from direct energy

Figure 46: BIB’s electrical energy consumption (left) and scope 2 emissions arising from grid electricity usage (right)

Petrodiesel

Quantity of electricity consumed (MWh)

Biodiesel

Petrodiesel

GHG Emission (tonnes CO2e)

Biodiesel

Gasoline

Energy Intensity

Energy Intensity

Gasoline

Energy Intensity

Energy Intensity

-

0

50,000

0

12.50

12.50

0.17

0.00

100,000

5,000

13.00

0.1

1,000

2,000

0.18

0.10

150,000

10,000

13.50

0.2

2,000

4,000

0.19

0.20

200,000

15,000

14.00

0.3

3,000

6,000

0.20

0.30

250,000

20,000

14.50

0.4

4,000

8,000

0.21

0.40

300,000

25,000

15.00

0.5

5,000

10,000

0.22

0.50

350,000

30,000

15.50

0.6

6,000

12,000

0.23

0.60

400,000

16.00

0.7

7,000

14,000

16,000

18,000

0.24

0.70

450,000

500,000

16.50

0.8

17.00

0.9

FY2020

FY2020

FY2020

FY2020

FY2019

FY2019

FY2019

FY2019

FY2018

FY2018

FY2018

FY2018

Fuel Consumption (TJ)

Electricity Consumption (MWh)

Scope 1 Emissions (tonnes CO2e)

Scope 1 Emissions (tonnes CO2e)

Fuel Consumption Intensity

(GJ/metric tonnes)

Electrical Energy Intensity (kWh/metric tonne)

Fuel Consumption Intensity

(GJ/metric tonnes)

GHG Emissions Intensity (kg CO2e/metric tonne)

4,284

0

317,455

0

4,712

4,888

349,127

7,009

4,822

17,554

357,334

25,172

272

19,273

0.23

16.63

788

55,784

1,374

97,299

1

84

2

143

2

112

0.19

0.17

0.20

0.58

14.10

0.24

14.92

0.83

BIB’S DIRECT ENERGY 

CONSUMPTION FROM FUEL

BIB’S ELECTRICAL ENERGY 

CONSUMPTION

BIB’S SCOPE 1 EMISSIONS 

(ARISING FROM DIRECT ENERGY)

BIB’S SCOPE 2 EMISSIONS 

(ARISING FROM GRID ELECTRICAL ENERGY)

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT


56

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Acknowledging the importance of the need to reduce both our energy intensity and greenhouse gas emissions due to their impact 

on the environment, we constantly implement new measures with the aim of minimising our environmental impact.

Dropdown Hopper

A dropdown hopper was completed in late 2019 with operations commencing 

in 2020 in the mine’s stockpile area at Bunati Port. A tunnel was constructed 

beneath the stockpile and is equipped with a hopper and a conveyor belt 

which transfers the dropdown coals from the stockpile to the barge loading 

system. Instead of using 4 excavators to drop the coal to the hopper which 

is placed on the ground, the new system deploys only a loader.  Each of 

the excavator consumes the same amount of biodiesel as the loader.  This 

resulted in an increase in our fuel consumption efficiency, which in turn 

reduces greenhouse gas emissions released into the environment.

Truck Loader Conveyor System

In July 2020, BIB started a trial run on the truck loader conveyor system 

near the pit to optimise the transportation of coal. Instead of using up to 3 

biodiesel wheel loaders to transport and load the coal to the trailer trucks, 

the conveyor system can now transport the coal from the stockpile and load 

the coal to the double trailer trucks. Through the use of this system, logistic 

process has become more efficient and at the same time reduce energy 

consumption required to perform the same task.

Compression of Contaminated Solid Waste Material

BIB has installed a SUCO SOMAT machine to compress solid B3 waste 

materials so as to allow the volume of the waste material to be reduced 

before the contractor collects them for disposal.  This allows for more 

waste to be loaded onto the contractors’ trucks, thereby reducing the 

amount of trips needed, which in turn reduces the amount of greenhouse 

gas emissions released by the trucks.







NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT


57

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

BIB Hazardous Solid Waste Disposal Policy

BIB conforms to the national standard regulated by the Ministry of Environment and Forestry.

Registered and approved vendor will collect the material locked in the storage building every 

month to prevent overload.

We place high emphasis on solid waste material as we understand that negative impacts may arise as a result of mining in areas 

of our operations. In addition to our various policies in place, GEAR constantly seeks to implement new equipment and use of 

technology to address solid waste materials produced at our mining sites. 

Figure 47: Elements of GEMS’ Waste Dumping Policy 

Figure 48: BIB Hazardous Solid Waste Disposal Policy

ELEMENTS OF GEMS’ 

WASTE DUMPING POLICY

1

3

4

2

5

Two ways of dumping solid-waste

1. Direct dumping - dumping of material using a 

haul truck at the dump crest.

2. Indirect dumping - dumping of material using 

a haul truck at a safe distance away from the 

dump crest, to be pushed by a dozer towards 

the dump crest.

Mud is to be mixed with other material prior to 

dumping, to maintain slope stability.

Overburden and other waste can only be dumped at 

specific dumping locations as assigned by the Mine 

Planning and Development (“MPD”) Department, 

considering geotechnical and geoengineering 

considerations.

• Overburden is to be reused for land reclamation 

before rehabilitation works are carried out.

Identification of potentially acid forming (“PAF”) and 

non-acid forming (“NAF”) substances

• PAF should not be placed at the ground 

surface.

• NAF may be used to encapsulate PAF, with a 

minimum thickness of 10 meters.

The active and inactive dumping areas are to be 

monitored by our geotechnical engineers at all 

times to prevent landslides.

SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT

The process used by GEAR’s personnel in collecting, transporting and safely treating solid waste is outlined in GEAR’s Waste 

Dumping Policy. The Waste Dumping Policy ensures the necessary processes are followed to restore land and alleviate any 

negative effects caused by mining operations to human safety and the surrounding environment. 

Furthermore, BIB’s Hazardous Solid Waste Disposal Policy is more stringent than the national standard regulated by the Ministry 

of Environment and Forestry for hazardous waste disposal. While government regulations mandate that the vendor collects 

hazardous waste every 90 days, at BIB, its Hazardous Solid Waste Disposal Policy ensures waste is collected every month to 

prevent overload in the storage building.

Management of solid wastes including waste rocks, tailings and other solid wastes are important factors in GEAR’s commitment to 

reduce the negative impacts arising from mining in our areas of operations. GEAR is committed to safeguarding our surrounding 

communities and the environment by rehabilitating the land we use for mining purposes. 

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT


58

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Performance

In FY2020, GEAR rehabilitated approximately 63.5 hectares of land using 13,810,907 Bank Cubic Meters (“BCM”) of overburden. 

Overburden primarily consists of clay, silt and sandstone extracted during coal mining operations. In addition, our total cumulative 

overburden at BIB was measured to be 109,622,175 BCM in FY2020 – a decrease from 123,526,934 BCM in FY2019 due to change in 

mine planning. Some of the changes in mine planning include focusing on coal hauling from areas with lower strip ratios for BIB 

to continue to be sustainable since the onset of decreasing energy coal price index amidst the slowdown in global economies. 

GEAR plans to use the remaining overburden of 101,000,000 BCM for reclamation and rehabilitating 90.58 ha areas in FY2021. 

The overburden is directly disposed at landfills using dump trucks and is monitored by engineers to ensure an even spread of the 

overburden in landfill sites.

GEAR employs a contractor to dispose of hazardous and non-hazardous waste at BIB. In FY2020, the total weight of hazardous 

waste such as used lubricants, used rags, decreased to 1,402,147 kgs from 2,132,022 kgs in FY2019. The total weight of non-

hazardous waste such as tyres, scrap steel, displayed an increase from 611,660 kgs in FY2019 to 889,420 kgs in FY2020. As part of 

our continued initiatives to empower local communities under our initiatives for fisheries, we have recycled approximately 15,000 

kgs of tyres to be reused as rumpon to replicate natural habitats for fishes.  

Year

Volume of overburden (BCM)

FY2018

98,727,410

FY2019

123,526,934

FY2020

109,622,175

Hazardous waste

Disposal method

Weight (kg) in FY2019

Weight (kg) in FY2020

Used Lubricant

Recycling

1,606,871

1,279,124

Used Rags

Incineration

2,100

1,100

Used Grease

Incineration

242,031

11,751

Used Filters

Incineration

182,432

68,778

Used Hose

Incineration

85,668

12,350

Used Automotive Batteries

Recovery

12,920

29,044

Non-hazardous waste

Disposal method

Weight (kg) in FY2019

Weight (kg) in FY2020

Tyre

Recycling

 403,000 

608,920

Scrap steel

Recycling

 203,000 

274,380

Paper

Reuse

 3,550 

4,800

Plastic

Landfill

 2,110 

1,320

Table 5: Breakdown of hazardous and non-hazardous waste at BIB

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT


59

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Figure 49: BIB’s Land Reclamation and Biodiversity Protection Policies

LAND MANAGEMENT

At GEAR, we value the land we operate in and recognise the importance of restoring the areas we operate in for the benefit of our 

local communities and environment.  We aim to restore land affected by our mining operations back to their original state and are 

committed to ensuring that no long-term environmental side effects could potentially endanger our people.

GEAR has in place the required government permissions for our mining operations such as the License to Borrow and Use of Forest 

Areas (Izin Pinjam Pakai Kawasan Hutan or “IPPKH”). As we recognise the value of lands to the health and economic development 

of our local communities, it is important for GEAR to restore land that was used for mining purposes. We also understand the 

importance of the ecosystem and are committed to protecting the biodiversity in the lands in which we operate. 

• 

Mined land shall be returned to its original state and/or its intended purpose.

• 

The size of reclaimed area shall be equal to the size of mined area.

• 

Top soil shall be stored appropriately for post-mining revegetation purposes.

• 

Reclamation process shall be monitored and managed to happen as planned.

• 

Disruptions to drainage patterns due to mining activities shall be rectified.

• 

Erosion shall be minimised during and after the reclamation process.

• 

Revegetation shall be done using the plant species as listed on the Environment 

Management Plan that is submitted to ESDM.

• 

During reclamation, the road access to the reclaimed area shall be closed.

• 

Protect biodiversity using the ecosystem and species approaches in the working 

areas of BIB.

• 

Provide human resources with sufficient competencies to carry out conservation 

and protection of biodiversity.

• 

Conduct in-situ and ex-situ conservation in the area of BIB, including protection 

and preservation of mangrove forests and coral reefs with a survival rate of &gt; 50%.

• 

Report the status of the biodiversity index of 0-2 per semester.

• 

Encourage all stakeholders of BIB to support and carry out biodiversity protection 

programmes to enhance social and environmental responsibilities.

• 

Support the development of the national strategies and action plans on the 

protection and utilisation of biodiversity.

• 

Utilise biological components for the sustainability and protection of biodiversity.

• 

Facilitate the development of science for biodiversity protection educational 

institutions and communities.

• 

Facilitate the participation of local and indigenous communities in the protection 

and utilisation of biological resources in a sustainable, fair and equitable manner.

• 

Institutionalise the community-based biodiversity protection management.

BIB’S LAND 

RECLAMATION POLICY

BIB’S BIODIVERSITY 

PROTECTION POLICY

GEAR has in place a comprehensive mine closure and reclamation plan which is developed by working closely with feedback and 

approval from ESDM. Internal and external audits are further conducted alongside peer benchmark studies prior to commencing 

mining activities. The mine closure plan also serves as a blueprint for rehabilitation efforts. A step by step guide of the process 

is detailed in Figure 50.

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT


60

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Figure 50: Evaluation of land management approach









INTERNAL AUDIT/VERIFICATION

BENCHMARKING TO SIMILAR MINING COMPANY

EXTERNAL AUDIT/VERIFICATION

STAKEHOLDER FEEDBACK

1

2

4

3

The Environment Department inspects and monitors the 

progress of land management yearly.

The progress of reclamation is evaluated in terms 

of quantity and quality.

The practices of BIB are compared with other practices applied by 

other mining companies. We try to adopt the best practices wherever 

possible and review current practices to achieve better results.

ESDM (Mineral and Coal Division) inspects and verifies 

BIB’s site before the deposit fund is transferred back 

every year. We will then follow up with the verification 

report and improvements will be taken into consideration.

Performance

GEAR’s Mine Closure and Reclamation Plan provides guidance to reclaim and rehabilitate approximately 80% of land disturbed 

from our mining operations. The five-year Mine Closure and Reclamation Plan is on track with 63.50 ha of land rehabilitated in 

FY2020 and 124.11 ha of land rehabilitated in FY2019. GEAR was unable to meet our FY2020 rehabilitation target of 83.94 ha set 

in 2018 as BIB has not received the License to Borrow and Use of Forest Areas21 from the Ministry of Environment and Forestry, 

for the additional reclamation area applied. The ability of any mining company to meet its rehabilitation and reclamation targets 

are subjected to the readiness of the area to be rehabilitated or reclaimed. In FY2020, our total land reclamation area is 620.76 

ha, compared to 557.26 ha in FY2019. An independent audit in FY2019 conducted by Coal &amp; Mineral office inspectors on BIB’s 

reclamation progress showed no findings of non-compliance.

Overall, in FY2020, GEAR received a score of 54.86% from ESDM for our rehabilitation efforts in FY2020 and we have met the 

criteria for our first year of evaluation by ESDM on our rehabilitation area in BIB. Our total cumulative disturbed area (land that is 

not yet rehabilitated) in FY2020 increased to 3,676.23 ha from 2,819.26 ha in FY2019. 

21  BIB is currently in discussion with the Ministry of Environment and Forestry to expedite the issuance of the forest area borrow-to-use permit.

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT


61

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Figure 51: BIB’s approach towards effluent management

WATER RESOURCE MANAGEMENT

Untreated effluents from mining operations can cause serious health, safety and environmental damage. As such, GEAR takes 

very seriously the responsibility in ensuring that effluent discharges remain well within regulatory limits and do not cause any 

harm to our communities. 

GEAR has in place effluent treatment and monitoring processes taking into account necessary regulations of effluent limits set 

by the local government. A key SOP as part of GEAR’s effluent monitoring process, is to treat and measure the quality of the 

effluents before releasing into the surrounding water bodies.  GEAR works with an external labouratory every month to conduct 

tests on our treated effluents, ensuring that our effluents remain well within regulatory limits.

In the case of grievances, BIB’s External Relations Department was formed to provide an open channel for local communities to 

voice any grievances or feedback on our operations. We had zero grievances in FY2020.

BIB noted that in 2020, South Kalimantan experienced extreme rainfalls due to the La Nina weather pattern, where rainwater 

was 40% higher than expected. To mitigate negative impacts to the environment and surrounding communities residing near the 

rivers, BIB added more sediment ponds surrounding its mining areas.

A sediment pond has to be constructed at each mining area 

prior to the commencement of mining activities, to control acid 

drainage and prevent erosion.

Whenever the 

water quality 

reaches its 

upper limits, 

the effluent is 

treated using 

pH adjuster, 

caustic soda and 

soda ash at the 

sediment ponds.

The pH, 

turbidity, 

acidity and 

metal content 

of effluent 

is monitored 

daily by BIB 

and monthly by 

an accredited 

labouratory.

During 

treatment 

activities, water 

pumping at 

the sediment 

ponds is 

stopped and the 

ponds’ spillway 

is closed to 

prevent the 

release of 

water into the 

surroundings.

The test results 

are submitted 

to the local 

Governor 

quarterly.

Dredging is done 

periodically 

to remove 

collected 

sediment, which 

is transported 

to a dedicated 

disposal area.

In addition, 

on-site testing 

is conducted by 

ESDM annually.

GEMS’ effluent is treated at the sediment ponds before it is 

discharged.

EFFLUENT TREATMENT AND MONITORING

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT


62

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Performance

GEAR has ensured in FY2020, that all our effluent parameters are under the upper limit set by the local government, as 

demonstrated in the figures below.

Figure 52: BIB’s effluent’s average total suspended solids (“TSS”) in comparison to the upper limit set by the local government in 

FY2020

Figure 53:  BIB’s effluent’s average pH value in comparison to the upper and lower limits set by the local government in FY2020

Figure 54:  BIB’s effluent’s average pH value in comparison to the upper and lower limits set by the local government in FY2020







Total suspended solids

Cadmium content

Total suspended solids

200.0

8.00

0.040

10.00

0.050

200

9.00

0.05

6.00

150.0

6.00

0.030

100.0

4.00

0.020

50.0

2.00

0.010

0.0

0.0

0.000

JAN

JAN

JAN

39

7.78

0.015

54

7.56

0.015

37

7.18

0.015

47

7.05

0.015

19

7.39

0.015

40

7.17

0.014

18

7.32

0.014

18

12

7.41

0.010

17

7.25

0.014

30

7.54

0.014

51

7.81

0.014

FEB

FEB

FEB

MAR

MAR

MAR

APR

APR

APR

MAY

MAY

MAY

JUN

JUN

JUN

JUL

JUL

JUL

AUG

AUG

AUG

SEP

SEP

SEP

OCT

OCT

OCT

NOV

NOV

NOV

DEC

DEC

DEC

Upper limit set by local government

Upper limit set by local government

Upper limit set by local government

Lower limit set by local government

Total suspended solids in mg/L

pH value

Cadmium conetnt in mg/L

7.17

0.014

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT


63

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Figure 55: BIB’s effluent’s average iron content in comparison to the upper limit set by the local government in FY2020

Figure 56: BIB’s effluent’s average manganese content in comparison to the upper limit set by the local government in FY2020





Iron content

Manganese content

4.000

2.000

6.000

3.000

5.000

2.500

7.000

3.500

4.000

7.0

4.0

3.000

1.500

2.000

1.000

1.000

0.500

0.000

0.000

JAN

JAN

0.179

0.311

0.359

0.490

0.133

0.399

0.206

0.470

0.065

0.255

0.247

0.273

0.052

0.087

0.040

0.110

0.025

0.083

0.159

0.078

0.099

0.043

FEB

FEB

MAR

MAR

APR

APR

MAY

MAY

JUN

JUN

JUL

JUL

AUG

AUG

SEP

SEP

OCT

OCT

NOV

NOV

DEC

DEC

Upper limit set by local government

Upper limit set by local government

Iron content in mg/L

Manganese content in mg/L

0.056

0.043

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT


64

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Monitoring and managing environmental data with Siro-B

GEAR’s Mine Closure and Reclamation Plan provides guidance to reclaim and rehabilitate approximately 80% of land disturbed 

from our mining operations. The five-year Mine Closure and Reclamation Plan is on track with 63.50 ha of land rehabilitated in 

FY2020 and 124.11 ha of land rehabilitated in FY2019. GEAR was unable to meet our FY2020 rehabilitation target of 83.94 ha set 

in 2018 as BIB has not received the License to Borrow and Use of Forest Areas20 from the Ministry of Environment and Forestry, 

for the additional reclamation area. In FY2020, our total land reclamation area is 620.76 ha, compared to 557.26 ha in FY2019. An 

independent audit in FY2019 conducted by Coal &amp; Mineral office inspectors on BIB’s reclamation progress showed no findings of 

non-compliance.

Overall, in FY2020, GEAR received a score of 54.86% from ESDM for our rehabilitation efforts in FY2020. Our total cumulative 

disturbed area (land that is not yet rehabilitated) in FY2020 increased to 3,676.23 ha from 2,819.26 ha in FY2019. 

Since January 2020, GEAR has integrated the use of Siro-B, a web application that uses geographic information 

system (GIS) technology to monitor and manage environment at our BIB’s mining site. Siro-B provides GEAR with 

a comprehensive dashboard of centralised environmental data complete with visual reports that support with the 

management, innovation and monitoring. In future, GEAR aims to upgrade Siro-B to a mobile application accessible 

by our environmental team on their smartphone devices, to facilitate real-time reporting of environmental data.





NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT


65

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

In addition, BIB implemented several other improvement programmes to increase the efficiency of water usage. 

Real Time Monitoring System 

In FY2020, BIB installed sensors to monitor wastewater quality in real time, 

using SPARING, the Wastewater Quality Monitoring System Continuously and In 

Network Information System.  SPARING is one of the eight information system 

in the System Room Information on Pollution and Environmental Damage 

Control, developed by the Ministry of Environment and Forestry, to monitor 

environmental quality. Under SPRING, the sensors monitor pH, total suspended 

solids, amount of water discharge and the quality of wastewater.

Automatic Water Sprinkler

In February 2020, automatic sprinklers were installed in the nursery. The 

nursery is able to house up to 500,000 seedlings each year. These sprinklers 

will ensure an even distribution of water to the seedlings to facilitate their 

growth. Once the seedlings meet certain critera, they will be used to support 

BIB’s rehabilitation activities.

Wastewater Treatment Equipment 

BIB has installed wastewater treatment equipment at its sediment ponds, 

where mined wastewater is being treated and used in workshops for the 

washing of equipment.







NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT


66

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



S E C U R I N G  T H E  L I V E L I H O O D S  A N D 

P R OT E C T I N G  T H E  R I G H T S  O F  O U R 

C O M M U N I T I E S























This impact area is focused on creating meaningful interactions with our local communities to ensure 

that they thrive in the long-term, adhering to one of our mission pillars of engaging, developing and 

empowering the communities meaningfully.

ABOUT THIS IMPACT AREA

Material Matters under 

this impact area

Sub-matters

UN SDGs aligned to 

this impact area

COMMUNITY MANAGEMENT

Empowering Local Communities








67

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

SAFETY PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS FOR FY2020

EMPOWERING 

LOCAL COMMUNITIES



Benefitted more than 680,000 

individuals and 50,000 households 

of the local community in FY2020

S$200,000 

donated 

to 

local 

hospitals in Singapore during the 

COVID-19 pandemic

POLICY/MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

• CSR initiatives supported by elements from BIB’s Mining 

Safety and Environmental Protection Policy

• GEAR’s CSR activity is focused on 8 pillars of the local 

government’s CSR blueprint

UN SDG ALIGNMENT

Target

UN SDG

Compliance with Regulation No. 1824 

(year 2018) regarding local community 

development as stipulated by ESDM

UN SDG 1.4

UN SDG 2.3

UN SDG 10.1

WHY IS THIS IMPORTANT TO GEAR?

GEAR believes in advancing and strengthening the relationship 

with the communities we operate in. With our mines situated at 

the developing regions of Indonesia, this gives us the chance 

to not only drive positive and sustainable change, but also help 

in the development of its surrounding community through 

our Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) Blueprint and 

initiatives. Engaging in social responsibility enables the Group 

to be a responsible corporate citizen and contribute towards the 

creation of sustainable impact in society.





























FY2020 TARGET ACHIEVED


68

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

EMPOWERING 

LOCAL COMMUNITIES

At GEAR, our CSR initiatives are focused on 8 pillars of the local government’s CSR blueprint and aligned according to the BIB 

Mining Safety and Environment Policy as seen on Figure 57. 

Guided by our CSR management frameworks, GEAR has in place long-term plans with targets that strengthens our relationships 

with local communities from the ground. We believe that creating a positive impact and increasing the quality of life among 

people in the local communities which we operate in is crucial towards our Group’s growth and development. 

GEAR’s CSR activities and initiatives are in accordance with Regulation No. 1824 (year 2018) regarding local community 

development as stipulated by Indonesia’s ESDM and guided by the local government’s CSR blueprint. This blueprint focuses on 

8 different sectors as follows: Education, Health, Economy, Sustainable Economy, Infrastructure, Social; Culture and Religious, 

Environment, and Institution. To ensure that any CSR initiative undertaken by GEAR creates a positive and sustainable impact 

in society, it is important for us to be aware of the needs of the local community. We ensure this by adopting a three-pronged 

approach which covers social needs assessments, making sure that our CSR activities are in line with the region’s strategic plan, 

as well as work closely with both the local community and local government. 

Figure 57: GEAR CSR Blueprints Pillars



Infrastructure 

(Insfrastruktur)

Education

(Pendidikan)

Environment 

(Lingkungan)

Health 

(Kesehatan) 

Institutional 

(Kelembagaan)

Economy 

(Ekonomi real)

Social, Culture and Religious 

(Sosial budaya dan agama)

Sustainable Economy 

(Kemandirian Ekonomi) 


69

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

EMPOWERING 

LOCAL COMMUNITIES

Figure 58: GEM’s approach towards CSR management

Figure 59: Milestone model

THREE 

PRONGED 

APPROACH

Social mapping

• Geographical mapping 

• Mapping of issues and resources 

• Mapping of needs 

• Mapping of village demographics

Synergy and technical collabouration

• Development of tripartite working plan 

between GEMS, the local community and 

the local government

• Setting of targets and success criteria

Aligning of CSR programmes with the 

region’s strategic plans

• Development of CSR blueprint with 

the local government 

• Development of five-yearly CSR plan 

• Development of annual CSR plan

1

3

2

Initiation and 

Socialisation

Organisation

Development

Strengthening

Self-reliance

Exit Strategy

Organisational phase 

2013-2017

Capacity building phase 

2018-2022

Independence 

2023-2027

Sustainability 

≥ 2028

Performance

In FY2020, through the various CSR initiatives carried out by GEAR to address the needs of the local communities where we 

operate in, we benefitted more than 680,000 individuals and 50,000 households in the local community. During the year, BIB 

continues with the various CSR initiatives carried out in the previous years to ensure that the needs of the communities are met. 


70

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

CSR Blueprint Pillars

Community investments and initiatives in FY2020

Education

Provided a 3-month graphic design certification course at the Community Learning Center to 3 young 

adults from 3 villages, namely Karang Indah, Mekarjaya and Banjarsari. 

Provided a 3-month agriculture and animal husbandry certification course at the Community Learning 

Centre to 3 young adults from 3 villages, namely Sumber Baru, Mangkalapi and Binjai.  

In collabouration with Lembaga Rumah Pintar, provided two 12-month extracurricular activities to the 

senior high school in Angsana village.  Some 169 high school students benefitted from the 12-month 

extracurricular activities learning basic reading and conversational English and basic computer skills. 

Donated 3 computers to Lembaga Rumah Pintar to facilitate computer lessons.

Provided 3 units of water refilling machines to teach the high school students how to start and run a water 

refilling business.  This entrepreneurship programme is in collabouration with three schools, namely 

the SMP Negeri 2 Sungai Loban, MTS Nurul Hidayah and Yayasan Pondok Pesantren Daarul Ishlah Assya 

Fi’iyyah Kecamatan Sungai Loban. 

 

Health

Provided an electricity generator set, various types of furniture, and medical equipment to the puskesmas 

inpatient (Public Health Centre) constructed by BIB in 2019.

With the development of innovative water-treatment approaches and collabouration with the Local 

Government-Owned Water Utility (“PDAM”), reservoirs in Pit Andaru, in 2 villages, namely Banjarsari and 

Mekarjaya containing pit lake water and other sources of water such as surface-water reservoirs, were 

converted into clean water facilities for some 1,050 households in 3 villages for washing and commercially 

viable projects such as fish farming, tree farming and horticulture. 

Provided a polymerase chain reaction (“PCR”) equipment and 2,000 test kits to the Public Health Centre 

and the COVID-19 PCR tests were made available to all villagers who require them.  

Real economy, 

Self-reliance economy, 

Institution, Environment &amp; 

Infrastructure

Provided training to interested villagers from 19 villages for mushroom farming.

Provided initial capital to mushroom farmers in 2 villages, Mekarjaya and Mustika.

In collabouration with a third party fishery, provided of training and initial capital to villagers from 4 villages 

to learn fish cultivation, spawning and making of fish seed feed.

Provided training to some 28 village agents from 19 villages who will then return to their respective villages 

to retrain the remaining interested villagers. The trainings include fisheries, agriculture (including planting 

of vegetables, cassava and Cavendish banana), cow and goat farming, quail farming, animal husbandry, 

graphics design, composting, home industry, marketing through Tokopedia, hygienic food processing 

techniques, and etc. Hygienic food processed products include but are not limited to bitter gourd chips, 

eggplant chips, cassava chips, citrus drinks, etc. Village heads were encouraged to activate inactive land 

in their villages for agricultural purposes. 

In cooperation with ESDM Electricity, provided an initial capital outlay to 10,000 households for electricity 

connection.  

Social, culture and religious

Donated to underprivileged families in more than 19 villages during Hari Raya Haji.

Donated 1,000 sets of groceries during Ramadhan to 19 villages.

Donated 5,000 sets of COVID-19 Hygiene Kit comprising reusable face masks or face shields to 19 villages.

Installed chambers, hand wash units, etc. at various locations in 19 villages.

Table 6: BIB’s community investment activities in FY2020

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT


71

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Construction of Inpatient Public Health Centre

Under BIB’s Community and Engagement Programme, an Inpatient Public Health Centre was constructed, with the aim 

of addressing three purposes: 

1. Support the provision of quality, equitable and affordable healthcare services and facilities for the communities 

around the mining site of BIB.

2. Development of healthcare services in accordance with community needs.

3. Develop an institutional system for managing inpatient public healthcare services in a sustainable manner by 

involving relevant stakeholders.

The public health centre was completed in 2019, followed by a handover of the public health centre and other supporting 

facilities from BIB to the Regional Government in April 2020. Moving forward in 2021, BIB will continue to conduct 

periodic monitoring and evaluation of building utilisation and governance, strengthen hospitality services within the 

health centre, and cooperate with other stakeholders. 

Support for Social Activities

Under the ‘Social, Cultural and Religious’ CSR Blueprint Pillar, BIB engages in and show support for social activities in three 

different sectors – natural disaster, non-natural disaster and humanity. BIB has helped out in many social activities, including: 

• Support for emergency response in handling COVID-19 pandemic by contributing a PCR equipment and 2,000 test kits to the 

local community health centre, distributing approximately 5,000 cloth masks, face shields, chambers, hand washing units, 

sprayers, hand soap and social media materials such as banners and billboards.

• Support for the poor who are ill and unable to afford or receive treatment.

• Basic food support for flood victims through the provision of 200 packages.

As a result, more than 22,000 villagers have benefitted from these programmes.

GEAR in Support of the fight against COVID-19 in Singapore and other social causes

GEAR pledged donations in aggregate of S$220,000 to the TTSH Community Fund (“TTSHCF”), the charity arm of Tan Tock Seng 

Hospital; NUHS Fund Limited (“NUHSF”), the charity arm of the National University Health System; and Singapore Red Cross 

(“SRC”).  Of the amount pledged, TTSHCF and NUHSF each received S$100,000 to help defray costs incurred by TTSH and NUH 

during the COVID-19 outbreak as well as towards affected and needy patients. SRC received S$20,000 to deliver assistance and 

support to communities in China.    

Food Ration Packing &amp; Distribution Exercise during Singapore’s Phase Two of Re-Opening 

For the third consecutive year, as part of our continued efforts to show care and support for the low-income families and elderly, 

GEAR collabourated with Yong-en Care Centre in a Food Ration Packing and Distribution exercise on 12 November 2020 and 16 

December 2020. The food rations were purchased, packed and distributed to 140 families residing at Banda Street in Chinatown, 

Singapore.







NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT


72

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



AC H I E V I N G  S U S TA I N A B L E  G R O W T H 

T H R O U G H  B U S I N E S S  R E S I L I E N C E 

A N D  O P E R AT I O N A L  E XC E L L E N C E























This impact area drives sustainable growth through strategic integration of economic and governance 

aspects, thereby enabling our mission pillar of amplifying excellence in operations and processes

ABOUT THIS IMPACT AREA

Material Matters under 

this impact area

Sub-matters

UN SDGs aligned to 

this impact area

GOVERNANCE

Corporate Code of Conduct

Anti-fraud






73

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

SAFETY PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS FOR FY2020

GOVERNANCE

AND ETHICS



Zero breaches with respect to local 

laws and regulations

POLICY/MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

• GEAR’s Whistle-blowing Policy

• Conflict of Interest Policy

• Code of Conduct

• Risk Management Policy

• Personal Data Protection Policy

• No Short-Term Consideration Trading Policy

UN SDG ALIGNMENT

FY2020 TARGET ACHIEVED

Target

UN SDG

Zero cases of corruption, fraud or 

non-compliance reported with all applica-

ble laws and regulations

UN SDG 16.5

WHY IS THIS IMPORTANT TO GEAR?

Good governance is key as it supports long-term business 

creation and builds a business which runs both responsibly 

and sustainably. At GEAR, we are committed to high standards 

of corporate governance, having in place a set of well-defined 

policies which guides our management and operational 

protocols. This upholds GEAR’s business integrity and fair 

practices, which is of utmost importance in driving stability and 

productivity within the organisation.








74

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

INNOVATION

•  Comparative study (benchmarking)

•  Breakthrough

LOYALTY

•  Buddy System

•  Proud

•  Dedication

COMMITMENT

•  Enthusiasm

•  Striving to be the best

•  Follow up the work until completed

POSITIVE ATTITUDE

•  Positive thinking

•  Respecting and cooperating with others

•  Positive work environment

CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT

•  Data accuracy

•  Attention to costs

•  Superior process

INTEGRITY

•  Conscience

•  Walking the talk

•  Honesty

GOVERNANCE

AND ETHICS

Figure 60: GEAR’s core values

At GEAR, our Group’s core values in Figure 60 are supported by the various policies as they lay the foundation for long-term 

creation and growth. The policies include Whistle-blowing, Conflict of Interest, Code of Conduct, Risk Management, and No Short-

Term Consideration Training. These policies undergo regular review by GEAR’s management to ensure its continued relevance to 

both our business needs and operations. 


75

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

GOVERNANCE

AND ETHICS

WHISTLE-BLOWING

We recognise that having a good corporate governance requires a system that is transparent yet confidential. Transparency is 

needed in order to gain trust among workers, yet confidentiality remains crucial in protecting workers from reprisals. To achieve 

this, our whistle-blowing policy serves as a platform for employees to raise their concerns about possible improprieties within 

the Group, as well as to assure our employees that they will be protected from reprisals or any form of victimisation for whistle-

blowing in good faith without malice.

Figure 61: Scope, process, safeguards and confidentiality of GEAR’s whistle blowing policy

1. Breach of business conduct or 

ethics or omission;

2. Financial reporting and accounting 

practices which are not in line with 

generally accepted accounting 

practices and Singapore Exchange 

regulations;

3. Audit matters, internal accounting 

and operational controls which are 

not in line with generally accepted 

accounting or trade practices 

prescribed by the GEAR Group;

4. Criminal offences, unlawful and/or 

unethical acts, frauds, corruption, 

bribery and blackmail;

5. Miscarriage of justice;

6. Endangering the health and safety 

of an individual; and 

7. Concealment of any of the above.

8. This policy applies to all employees 

of GEAR Group.

1. Concerns are submitted to 

the Chairman of GEAR’s Audit 

Committee through e-mail, phone 

call or in writing (details can be 

found in GEAR’s website)

2. Within 14 days of raising a concern, 

the whistle-blower will be informed 

about who has been appointed to 

handle the matter, how he* may 

contact the appointed person, and 

if he is required to provide further 

information

3. Upon completion of investigation, 

the investigation officer will 

submit a full report of findings to 

the Audit Committee Chairman 

who will deliberate on the follow-

up actions

4. GEAR will release a copy of the 

report to the whistle-blower, 

including findings and follow-up 

actions

5. GEAR endeavours to resolve the 

matter within one month from the 

receipt of the concern.

1. GEAR will ensure that the rights of 

any employee who raises matters 

of concern under this Policy in 

good faith are respected and 

protected

2. GEAR will not tolerate any 

reprisals, discrimination, 

harassment, intimidation or 

victimisation of any employee 

raising a genuine concern

3. GEAR will take reasonable steps 

to ensure that the identity of any 

employee making a disclosure 

will remain anonymous unless 

otherwise stated. However, there 

must be sufficient evidence 

to form a reasonable basis for 

investigation, and following which, 

a statement by the employee 

reporting the concern may be 

required to enable appropriate 

action to be taken.

4. GEAR will ensure that no employee 

shall be put at risk of suffering 

from any form of retribution 

as a result of raising a genuine 

concern, even if there is a mistake. 

However, this will not be extended 

to employees who maliciously raise 

matters which they know is untrue.

SCOPE 

OF POLICY

PROCEDURE 

OF POLICY 

SAFEGUARDS AND 

CONFIDENTIALITY

Performance

In FY2020, the Group is humbled to announce that as a testament to our sound corporate governance and ethics, there was zero 

cases of corruption, fraud or non-compliance reported with all applicable laws and regulations. This is a target we aim to maintain 

and achieve every year. In terms of compliance with regards to COVID-19 restrictions, we have fully complied and hence there 

have not been any breaches on COVID-19 that has come to our attention in FY2020. 

* Word importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders. 


76

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE 

(“GRI”) INDEX

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section of Report

Page Reference

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures

102-1

Name of the organisation

About Golden Energy and Resources

3

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

About Golden Energy and Resources

3

102-3

Location of headquarters

About Golden Energy and Resources

3

102-4

Location of operations

About Golden Energy and Resources

3

102-5

Ownership and legal form

About Golden Energy and Resources

3

102-6

Markets served

About Golden Energy and Resources

3

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Economic Performance; 

Profile of our Workforce

4-7 

41-42

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Profile of our Workforce

41

102-9

Supply chain

About Golden Energy and Resources

4

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and 

its supply chain

Not applicable

-

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

Governance and Ethics

73-75

102-12

External initiatives

NIL

-

102-13

Membership of associations

-

Yes, Asosiasi 

Perusahaan 

Batubara Indonesia

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Board Statement

2

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour

Governance and Ethics

73-75

102-18

Governance structure

Board Statement

2

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Engaging Our Stakeholders

14-15

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Not applicable 

-

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Engaging Our Stakeholders

14-15

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Engaging Our Stakeholders

14-15

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Engaging Our Stakeholders

14-15

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements

Annual Report 2020

123

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries

About This Report

IFC*

102-47

List of material topics

Focusing on What Matters Most

16-17

102-48

Restatements of information

Economic Performance (2019 Financial 

Performance - Revenue, 2019 Revenue Mix 

Business Segment, 2019 Revenue breakdown 

by geographical region, 2019 Economic value 

created - Revenue)

Profile of Our Workforce (2018 and 2019 

number and percentage of employees by 

gender, 2018 and 2019 number and percentage 

of employees by employment category)

Looking After our Employees and Talent 

Management (2019 training hours)

Energy Consumption and Greenhouse Gas 

Emissions (2019 Direct energy consumption 

from fuel, 2018 and 2019 Electrical energy 

consumption)

5-7 

 

 

 

41

46

55

* IFC refer to Inside Front Cover


77

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE 

(“GRI”) INDEX

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section of Report

Page Reference

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures

102-49

Changes in reporting

Not applicable

-

102-50

Reporting period

1 January 2020 – 31 December 2020

IFC

102-51

Date of most recent report

GEAR’s 2019 Sustainability Report

-

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

IFC

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report

About This Report 

IFC

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards

About This Report

IFC

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index

76-79

102-56

External assurance

GEAR has not sought external assurance 

for this Report.

IFC

TOPIC SPECIFIC GRI STANDARDS DISCLOSURES

MATERIAL ASPECT: INDIRECT ECONOMIC IMPACTS

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Empowering Local Communities

67

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Empowering Local Communities

68-71

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Empowering Local Communities

68-71

GRI 203: Indirect 

Economic Impacts 

2016

203-1

Infrastructure investments and services 

supported

Empowering Local Communities

68-71

MATERIAL ASPECT: ENERGY

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Energy and Greenhouse Gas Emissions

53

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Energy Consumption and Greenhouse Gas 

Emissions

53-54

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Energy Consumption and Greenhouse Gas 

Emissions

54

GRI 302: Energy 

2016

302-1

Energy consumption within the organisation

Energy Consumption and Greenhouse Gas 

Emissions

54-55

302-3

Energy intensity

Energy Consumption and Greenhouse Gas 

Emissions

55

MATERIAL ASPECT: BIODIVERSITY

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Land Management

59

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Land Management

59-60

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Land Management

59-60

GRI G4: Mining and 

Metals

MM1

Amount of land (owned or leased, and 

managed for production activities or 

extractive use) Disturbed or Rehabilitated

Land Management

60

MATERIAL ASPECT: EMISSIONS

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Energy Consumption and Greenhouse Gas 

Emissions

53

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Energy Consumption and Greenhouse Gas 

Emissions

53-54

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Energy Consumption and Greenhouse Gas 

Emissions

54


78

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section of Report

Page Reference

GRI 305: 

Emissions 2016

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Energy Consumption and Greenhouse Gas 

Emissions

55

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

Energy Consumption and Greenhouse Gas 

Emissions

55

305-4

GHG emissions intensity

Energy Consumption and Greenhouse Gas 

Emissions

55

305-7

Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulphur oxides (SOx), 

and other significant air emissions

Air Quality Management

52-53

MATERIAL ASPECT: EFFLUENTS AND WASTE

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Solid Waste Management;

Water Resource Management

57

61

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Solid Waste Management;

Water Resource Management

57

61

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Solid Waste Management;

Water Resource Management

57

61

GRI 306: Effluents 

and Waste 2016

306-1 

Water discharge by quality and destination

Water Resource Management

61

GRI G4: Mining and 

Metals

MM3

Total amounts of overburden, rock, tailings, 

and sludges and their associated risks

Solid Waste Management

58

MATERIAL ASPECT: CLOSURE PLANNING

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Land Management

59

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Land Management

59-60

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Land Management

60

GRI G4: Mining and 

Metals

MM10

Number and percentage of operations with 

closure plans

Land Management 

60

CATEGORY: SOCIAL

MATERIAL ASPECT: LABOUR MANAGEMENT RELATIONS

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Labour Relations Management

47

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Labour Relations Management

47-48

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Labour Relations Management

47

GRI 404: Training 

and Education

404-1

Average hours of training per year per 

employee

Labour Relations Management

46

GRI G4: Mining and 

Metals

MM4

Number of strikes and lock-outs exceeding 

one week’s duration, by country

Labour Relations Management

48

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE 

(“GRI”) INDEX


79

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE 

(“GRI”) INDEX

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section of Report

Page Reference

MATERIAL ASPECT: OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Occupational Health and Safety

24

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Occupational Health and Safety

24-26

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Occupational Health and Safety

25

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and Safety 

2018

403-1

Occupational health and safety management 

system

Occupational Health and Safety

25

403-2

Hazard identification, risk assessment, and 

incident investigation

Occupational Health and Safety

26

403-3

Occupational health services

Occupational Health and Safety

34

403-4

Worker participation, consultation and 

communication on occupational health and 

safety

Occupational Health and Safety

27

403-5

Worker training on occupational health and 

safety

Occupational Health and Safety

29-32

403-6

Promotion on worker health

Occupational Health and Safety

33-34

403-7

Prevention and mitigation of occupational 

health and safety impacts directly linked by 

business relationships

Not applicable 

-

403-8

Workers covered by an occupational health 

and safety management system

Occupational Health and Safety

26

403-9

Work-related injuries

Occupational Health and Safety

37




GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)

Company Registration No: 199508589E

20 Cecil Street 

#05-05 PLUS 

Singapore 049705 

(65) 6838 7500

(65) 6284 0074

www.gear.com.sg

golden energy and resources

