


GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 9


C

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019































ABOUT THIS

REPORT





Golden Energy and Resources Limited (the “Company” or “GEAR”) publishes an annual sustainability report detailing 

our policies, practices and performances with regards to environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) matters which 

are most material to our business, as well as to our stakeholders, with comparison data from FY2017 to FY2019, 

where applicable. Some policies and practices are group-wide while some are specific to our subsidiary, PT Golden 

Energy Mines Tbk (“GEMS”). The disclosures in this report are mainly focused on the coal mining operations of our 

key subsidiary, PT Borneo Indobara (“BIB”). Within the Group, BIB bears the largest impact on our sustainability 

performance as its production volume and sales revenue accounted for more than 93% of GEAR’s total production 

volume and 90% of GEAR’s total revenue, respectively. As our sustainability reporting matures over the next few 

years, we will be including other operations in our reporting scope should they become significant.

This sustainability report (“Report”) has been prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) 

Standards – “Core” and its GRI Mining and Metals sector supplement. We have chosen GRI Standards as our 

reporting framework due to its internationally-recognised, robust guidance and universal application, which enables 

comparability of our performance. We have not sought external assurance on the disclosures made but will consider 

seeking independent verification for sustainability reporting as our reporting matures over time.

In line with GEAR’s commitment to environmental sustainability, no printed copies of the Report were made. This 

Report and previous editions are available online at: http://investor.gear.com.sg/sustain.html.

For any queries in relation to this Report, please address them to sr@gear.com.sg.


































CONTENTS

02

Board Statement

10

Focusing on What Matters Most

12

Health and Safety Protection of our Stakeholders

07

ESG Performance

30

Air Quality Management

29

Nurturing the Environment

13

Emergency Preparedness

03

About Golden Energy and Resources

19

Occupational Health &amp; Safety

08

Engaging Our Stakeholders

36

Solid Waste Management

33

Energy Consumption and Greenhouse Gas Emissions

04

Economic Performance

37

Land Management

39

Water Resource Management

42

Empowering Local Communities

46

Our Human Capital

46

Profile of our Workforce

48

Looking after our Employees &amp; Talent Management

52

Labour Relations Management

53

Governance and Ethics

55

Whistle-blowing

57

Global Reporting Initiative 

(“GRI”) Index




02

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

BOARD

STATEMENT

1 

  For more information, please refer to https://www.iea.org/reports/coal-2019.



Dear

 

Shareholders,

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) 

of GEAR is pleased to share our 

Report for the financial year ended 

31 December 2019 (“FY2019”) 

which provides an overview of our 

performance and commitment 

towards material ESG matters. As 

GEAR continues to be engaged in 

the coal mining industry, global coal 

demand, trends and opportunities 

remain integral to the sustainability 

of our business. 

Data from the International Energy 

Agency’s latest analysis report titled 

Coal 2019, states coal remains a 

major fuel in global energy systems 

contributing to almost 40% of 

electricity generation1. At GEAR, 

we continuously strive to enhance 

our efficiency and operate in an 

environmentally friendly manner. 

We are committed to remain at the 

forefront of Indonesia’s leading coal 

industry, while evolving alongside 

sectoral changes in a dynamic 

market. 

The Board works closely with our 

senior management, overseeing 

and regularly reviewing material 

ESG matters. We take ESG matters 

into consideration in our business 

strategy, in order to continue our 

ongoing sustainability efforts.

In this past year, GEAR has made 

significant progress to further 

advance our sustainability initiatives. 

We have worked closely with our 

local communities engaging in 

activities with focus on 8 pillars 

aligned with Regulation No. 1824 

(year 2018) of the Ministry of 

Energy and Mineral Resources 

of the Republic of Indonesia 

(“ESDM”). The pillars are centred 

on development of the following 

key areas: Education (Pendidikan), 

Health (Kesehatan), Real economy 

(Ekonomi riil), Self-reliance economy 

(Kemandirian ekonomi), Infrastructure 

(Infrastruktur), Social, culture and 

religious 

(Sosial 

budaya 

dan 

agama), Environment (Lingkungan) 

and Institution (Kelembagaan). 

Our sustainability initiatives have 

ranged from providing health 

examinations with the help of local 

health offices, to constructing water 

towers for distribution to homes 

during periods of shortage. We 

consider our work supporting local 

communities as an integral part of 

our Company activities, and our 

social responsibility. 

In this financial year, we have once 

again exceeded our performance in 

FY2018 in terms of production and 

revenue. We have also achieved our 

safety targets below our thresholds 

of 0.19 and 10.45 for lost time injury 

frequency rate (“LTIFR”) and lost 

time injury severity rate (“LTISR”) 

respectively. 

In early 2020, the onset of the 

COVID-19 pandemic has brought 

about disruptions to businesses 

all over the world, including GEAR. 

Beyond 

complying 

with 

local 

regulatory enforcements, we have 

implemented various precautionary 

measures throughout the Group 

to protect our workers as well as 

local communities from the risk of 

contracting the infectious disease. 

It is with utmost dedication that we 

strive to grow stronger as a Group in 

our sustainability efforts – where our 

primary objective is to build value 

in the long term.  We thank all our 

stakeholders for your unwavering 

support during this period while we 

seek to ensure the continuity of our 

business.

“In this financial 

year, we have once 

again exceeded 

our performance 

in FY2018 in terms 

of production and 

revenue. We have 

also achieved our 

safety targets below 

our thresholds of 

0.19 and 10.45 for 

lost time injury 

frequency rate 

(“LTIFR”) and lost 

time injury severity 

rate (“LTISR”) 

respectively.”




03

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

ABOUT GOLDEN ENERGY 

AND RESOURCES

GEAR is a Singapore listed (SGX:AUE) leading energy and resources company in the Asia Pacific region. GEAR owns 5 

mining concessions in Indonesia covering an aggregate area of approximately 66,204 hectares, with the right to mine 

for more than 2.8 billion tonnes of thermal coal resources with coal reserve estimates of over 1.0 billion tonnes as at 

31 December 2019.

GEAR’s business activities include:

 Mining of thermal coal through its subsidiary GEMS operating in Indonesia;

 Mining of metallurgical coal through its 75.33%-owned Stanmore Coal Limited2;

 Mining of gold through its 50%-owned  Ravenswood Gold Mine; and

 Various investments in renewable energy projects initiatives.

Figure 1: Key coal mining concessions













































SINGAPORE

(Corporate Office and Marketing Office)

JAMBI

(KIM Coal Mining concession)

SOUTH SUMATRA BASIN

(WRL Coal Mining Concession)

SOUTH KALIMANTAN

(BIB Coal Mining Concession)

CENTRAL KALIMANTAN

(TKS Coal Mining Concession)

SOUTH SUMATRA BASIN

(BSL Coal Mining Concession)

JAKARTA

(Coal Divisions Head Office)

























MISSION

 

Develop and nurture a leading corporate 

culture centred on human capital

 

Amplify on excellence in operations and 

processes

 

Continue 

sustainable 

growth 

trajectory 

through high safety standards, meaningful 

community development programmes, while 

maintaining and conserving our environment

VISION

To be a sustainable energy and resources company 

in Asia Pacific embarking on achieving carbon 

neutrality.

2 

  Increase from 31.35% as of 20 March 2020 to 75.33% as of 18 May 2020.


04

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

ABOUT GOLDEN ENERGY 

AND RESOURCES

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

The Group’s revenue comprises of revenue generated from our coal mining and coal trading divisions as well as 

non-coal businesses. Total revenue in FY2019 increased by US$72.73 million or 6.9% from FY2018 (US$1,049 million 

in FY2018 to US$1,121 million in FY2019). The overall increase in revenue was primarily due to an increase in BIB’s 

production volume and sale of coal.

GEAR’s coal production volume demonstrated a 36.3% growth, from 22.6 million tonnes in FY2018 to 30.8 million 

tonnes in FY2019. Coal price fluctuations worldwide were reflected with average selling price showing a decline of 

15.5% from US$41.4 per metric tonne in FY2018 to US$35.0 per metric tonne in FY2019. To offset the lower average 

selling price, GEAR successfully ramped up its production volume and sales volume from 22.6 million tonnes 

in FY2018 to 30.8 million tonnes in FY2019 and 24.4 million tonnes in FY2018 to 31.1 million tonnes in FY2019, 

respectively. Overall, GEAR maintained a positive increase in production and sales metrics despite fluctuations in 

coal prices globally. 

Figure 2: GEAR’s annual coal production volume, sales volume and financial performance over the years

30.8

FY2014

FY2015

FY2017

6.4

104,435

73,680

32,888

7.4

13.1

20.2

2.0

763,806

1,048,478

1,121,208

2.3

2.1

2.4

1.1

1.3

1.9

1.6

0.2

6.6

FY2018

FY2018

22.6

FY2017

15.6

FY2016

FY2017

FY2018

9.5

FY2015

FY2016

8.7

FY2019

FY2019

FY2019

Sales Volume (Million Tonnes)

Financial Performance (US$ Thousands)

BIB

Revenue

Others

KIM

Trading

Net profit after tax

9.5

11.0

17.1

24.4

31.1

28.0

1.3

1.1

0.7

Revenue Breakdown by Geographic Region

Annual Production Volume (Million Tonnes)




05

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

ABOUT GOLDEN ENERGY 

AND RESOURCES

Figure 4: GEAR’s revenue breakdown by geographic region

Figure 3: GEAR’s revenue mix by business segment

FY2018

Revenue:

US$1.05B

FY2019

Revenue:

US$1.12B

FY2017

Revenue:

US$763.81M

9.9%

5.6%

14.9%

0.1%

0.6%

0.7%

90.0%

93.7%

84.5%

Coal Mining

Coal Trading

Non-coal Business

Revenue Breakdown by Geographic Region

Revenue Mix by Business Segment

FY2018

Revenue

FY2017

Revenue

18.7%

22.3%

18.8%

4.9%

2.6%

6.0%

2.8%

— %

2.0%

1.2%

4.7%

1.9%

40.0%

38.9%

41.6%

32.4%

31.5%

29.7%

China

Indonesia

India

South Korea

Others

Spain





























































FY2019

Revenue


06

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

ABOUT GOLDEN ENERGY 

AND RESOURCES

Figure 5: GEAR’s economic value created and distributed

FY2018

FY2017

FY2019

1,016,840

1,121,208

Revenue

914,671

596,888

1,048,478

763,806

Operating Cost

178,911

49,945

32,315

Employee wages &amp; benefits 

and community investment

Payment to providers 

of capital

Payment for royalties 

and taxes

85,473

170,541

104,263

61,244

27,323

19,347

Revenue Breakdown by Geographic Region

Revenue Breakdown by Geographic Region

Economic Value Created (US$ Thousands)

Economic Value Distributed (US$ Thousands)

FY2018

FY2017

FY2019




07

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

ABOUT GOLDEN ENERGY 

AND RESOURCES

ESG PERFORMANCE







Fatalities, strikes and lockouts in our operational 

areas, business disruptions due to emergency

ZERO

RP

Community Investments

Job Creation

33,786,946,240

Number of Emergency 

Simulations 

Participants

378 employees in 

FY2019 against 

355 in FY2018

for TSS, 

pH Limits 

and Metal 

Content of 

Effluents

BELOW 

REGULATORY LIMITS

NO2, SO2 and 

CO emissions are

than regulatory limits

MUCH 

LOWER

OVER 

INCREASE

33.6% 

INCREASE

Thermal Coal 

Production for GEMS

54%


08

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

ENGAGING 

OUR STAKEHOLDERS

At the heart of our business is our vision to enhance value for all stakeholders. At the same time, we believe in 

forging collaborative partnerships with our stakeholders to achieve sustainable development. For these reasons,  we  

place great emphasis on effective stakeholder engagement, as summarised in Figure 6 below.

Figure 6: GEAR’s approach towards stakeholder engagement



Shareholders

• GEAR’s financial 

health

• Formulation of strategies 

to enhance GEAR’s 

financial performance

• Regular updates and 

announcements on 

financial performance

• Annual and 

Sustainability Reports

• Meetings with 

shareholders

• Communications 

through “Investor 

Relations” section on 

GEAR’s company website

• At least once per 

quarter

• Annual

• At least once per 

year

• As necessary

• Accountability 

of ESG 

performance

• Implementation of 

sustainable business 

practices



Employees and 

workers

• Fair 

employment 

practices

• Implementation of fair 

employment practices 

based on meritocracy

• Electronic updates 

through e-mail and 

intranet

• Townhalls and meetings 

with the management

• Periodic for all 

engagements

• Training and 

development

• Provision of in-house 

and external training 

opportunities

• Occupational 

health and 

safety

• Establishment of Health, 

Safety and Environment 

(“HSE”) system, regular 

safety briefings, 

emergency drills, 

provision of personal 

protective equipment

• Training programmes, 

including intensive 

coaching to potential 

identified leaders

• HSE campaign involving 

all employees to create a 

safe work environment

• Performance appraisal

 



Customers

• Product and 

service quality

• Implementation of quality 

control processes

• Provide transparent 

information about our 

product to customers

• Regular engagement with 

customers to understand 

their satisfaction level

• Meetings

• Annual Reports

• Tours to site

• Periodic

• Annual

• As necessary

• Sustainable 

business 

practices

• Implementation of 

sustainable business 

practices and transparent 

reporting

• Sustainability Reports

• Annual

Stakeholder 

group

Stakeholder’s 

expectations

Stakeholder 

management/Response(s) 

to stakeholder’s 

expectations

Engagement platform(s)

Frequency of 

engagement




09

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

ENGAGING 

OUR STAKEHOLDERS































Local 

communities

• Socioeconomic 

development

• Management 

of negative 

economic, 

environmental 

and social 

impact

• Local employment 

opportunities

• Provision of trainings 

to enable the local 

community to earn their 

livelihood

• Implementation of 

Corporate Social 

Responsibility (“CSR”) 

Programmes 

• Management and 

monitoring of pre-

agreed environmental 

parameters which 

are affected by our 

mining as stated in our 

Environmental Impact 

Assessment (“EIA”) report

• Engage experts to 

establish blueprint 

and evaluation criteria 

for long-term CSR 

programmes

• Engaging local 

entrepreneurs and local 

enterprises to support 

our mining activities

• Dialogues with the local 

community

• CSR programmes

• Training programmes

• Engagement with 

experts from Indonesia’s 

top universities (Institut 

Pertanian Bogor and 

Universitas Indonesia)

• Consultation with the 

local community for 

inputs to the EIA report

• Local hiring

• Engagement with third 

party specialists and the 

local government to take 

samples and monitor 

our environmental 

parameters

• Periodic

• Periodic

• Periodic

• As necessary

• As necessary

• Every time

• Every time



Regulatory 

authorities

• Regulatory 

compliance

• Keeping abreast of 

regulatory requirements 

and ensuring compliance 

to all

• Statutory reporting

• Public consultation 

forums/events

• On-site inspections

• Periodic

• Periodic

• As necessary

• Community 

empowerment

• Implementation of CSR 

programmes







Contractors 

and suppliers

• Fair 

procurement 

practices

• Business 

opportunities

• Administration of open 

and fair tender process

• Tender process

• As necessary

• Safe working 

environment

• Implementation of 

occupational health and 

safety initiatives

• Performance Review

• Periodic

• Feedback on 

performance

• Review of supplies’ 

performance

Stakeholder 

group

Stakeholder’s 

expectations

Stakeholder 

management/Response(s) 

to stakeholder’s 

expectations

Engagement platform(s)

Frequency of 

engagement


10

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

FOCUSING ON 

WHAT MATTERS MOST

GEAR’s future sustainability growth is dependent on identifying ESG materiality matters pertaining to our 

stakeholders’ interests. We achieved this by conducting a formal materiality assessment in 2017 with key personnel 

from respective departments, with the help of independent sustainability consultants. The formal materiality 

assessment in 2017 included the identification, prioritisation and validation of material matters, as shown in Figure 7.

The process, detailed in Figure 7 below, considers GRI’s Principles for Defining Report Content and focuses on the 

material matters determination process. The results are laid out in Figure 8.

Figure 7: Materiality assessment process

1

2

4

3

Identification

Prioritisation

Stakeholder Inclusiveness

Validation

From the interview results of 

GEAR’s key internal stakeholders 

and a review of material matters 

reported by other companies in 

the industry, a comprehensive 

list of potential material matters 

formed the basis for determining 

comparative materiality.

The 

importance 

of 

each 

sustainability matter was ranked 

by way of an anonymous voting 

exercise, from the perspective of:

 a) External stakeholders; and

 b) Internal stakeholders

In FY2019, GEAR reviewed our material sustainability 

matters and concluded that the material matters remain 

relevant to our business.

The results were then presented 

to the Board, which determined 

the 

material 

sustainability 

matters of GEAR. The Board 

validated and approved the 

material sustainability matters.




11

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

FOCUSING ON 

WHAT MATTERS MOST

Figure 8: Materiality Matrix and Material Matters





1





Safety

Emergency preparedness

Occupational health &amp; safety

2





Environment

Air quality management

Energy management

GHG emissions

Land management (pre- and post-

mining)

Solid waste management

Water resource management

3



Community 

Management

Empowering local communities

4



Labour 

Relations

Employee welfare and benefits

Labour relations management

5









Governance

Anti-corruption

Anti-fraud

Importance to GEAR’s business

Not material

Material

Importance to external stakeholders

High

High

Low



5



4



2



3



1

No.

Material 

matters

Sub-matters








12

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

HEALTH AND SAFETY

PROTECTION OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS



Why is this important to GEAR?

As a coal mining operator, GEAR sees the health 

and safety of our stakeholders as one of our most 

crucial priority due to the inherent risk of the 

operations. To ensure our employees and workers 

are well protected from danger and unhealthy 

circumstances, we have in place various systems,  

measures and practices, such as emergency 

preparedness and safety management systems.

Policy/Management Systems

• 

GEMS’ Emergency Readiness and Response 

Policy

• 

Mining Safety Management System by ESDM

• 

ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health and 

Safety Management System

• 

GEM’s General Mining Safety and Environmental 

Protection Policy

• 

GEMS’ HIV / AIDS Policy

• 

GEMS’ Use of Drugs and Alcohol Policy









Increase in Lost Time Injury 

Frequency 

Rate 

(“LTIFR”) 

from 0.05 in FY2018 to 0.07 

in FY2019













Increase in Lost Time Injury 

Severity Rate (“LTISR”) from 

4.68 in FY2018 to 6.65 in 

FY2019















Zero recordable work-related 

injury in the Singapore office 

for four consecutive years









54% increase in number 

of emergency simulations 

participants









LTIFR threshold below 0.19

LTISR threshold below 10.45

Safety Performance Highlights for FY2019

FY2019 Target Achieved




13

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

HEALTH AND SAFETY

PROTECTION OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS











 

 

 

Figure 9: Elements of GEMS’ Emergency Readiness and Response Policy

EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS

At GEAR, we acknowledge that our business environment is subjected to uncertainties from the natural environment 

and human causes, which poses great risks to our stakeholders and business operations. It is therefore imperative 

that we are well prepared in the event of an emergency to prevent further damage and minimise business 

disruption. In Figure 9, our Emergency Readiness and Response Policy lists the measures in place to prevent and 

contain emergency situations and minimise damage to our assets, environment and stakeholders.

Evaluation and audit

 

Evaluation is done 

at each emergency 

simulation to assess 

the readiness of 

the ERT in handling 

emergency situations.

 

Audit is carried out 

to ensure that all 

procedures relating 

to emergency 

preparedness exercise 

have been performed 

and evaluated for 

areas of improvement. 

  

The results of 

evaluation and audit 

are submitted for 

management’s review.

Training on emergency

preparedness

 

All employees and 

visitors are briefed on 

potential hazards at the 

mine, as well as steps 

to be taken during an 

emergency, including 

communication 

protocol and 

evacuation plans.

  

ERT is required to 

attend emergency 

simulations.

Emergency Simulations

 

Emergency simulations 

are done for all 

types of possible 

emergencies as 

identified by the 

HSE Manager and 

approved by the 

Mining Head at the 

start of each year.

 

The frequency of the 

emergency simulations 

is as follows:

• Full-scale (covering all 

concession areas): At 

least once a year;

• Limited scale (covering 

selected areas): At 

least twice a year; and

• Administrative 

simulations: At least 

once every three 

months.

Types of emergency

covered by the policy

 

Accidents which result 

in fatality(ies). 

 

Fires and explosions.

 

Leakage of chemicals 

and biological 

substances.

 

Spill of hydrocarbons 

(over 200 litres to 

ground or over 100 

litres to water bodies). 

 

Collapsed buildings, 

landslides, and 

drowning incidents.

 

Blockade, mass 

demonstration and 

bomb threats. 

 

Natural disasters 

(such as flood and 

windstorm).


14

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

Area Coordinator

• Accountable to the Emergency Coordinator 

• Coordinates with the Rescue Team of the affected area 

• Provides information about the situation to the Emergency 

Coordinator or On-scene Commander 

• Ensures the readiness of the Rescue Team 

• Ensures that necessary tools and equipment are ready to 

be deployed

Support Coordinator

• Accountable to the Emergency Coordinator 

• Provides support to the Emergency Coordinator and his 

team in executing emergency response plan 

• Responsible for the operations of the Emergency Control 

Room 

• Acts as a public relations officer for external parties 

(including the government) and the employees

Emergency Coordinator

• Accountable to the On-scene Commander 

• Coordinates with the Area Coordinator of the affected area 

• Coordinates with Rescue Teams in other areas for additional help, if required 

• Coordinates with the Support Coordinator for help from external parties 

• Continuously reports about the progress of the emergency situation to the On-

scene Commander

On-scene Commander

• Overall person in-charge for emergency response

• Determines whether a situation warrants the activation of ERT 

• Determines whether an emergency situation has been cleared 

• Determines the information to be released regarding an emergency situation

HEALTH AND SAFETY

PROTECTION OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS

Rescue Team

• Fire wardens

• First aiders

External and Public Service Coordinator

• Accountable to the Support Coordinator 

• Coordinates with the government, public 

and private agencies, such as the military, 

hospitals and firefighters

• Represents GEMS in providing updates about 

the progress of the emergency situation to 

external parties, if required

Employee Internal Relations Officer

• Accountable to the Support Coordinator

• Provides required information about the 

emergency situation to other employees who 

are not caught in the emergency 

• Communicates with and provides support to 

the families of employees who are caught in 

the emergency

In the event of an emergency, our Emergency Response Team (“ERT”) established by our Mining Head will be 

activated to ensure smooth implementation of mitigation actions, as shown in Figure 10. Comprising representatives 

from our employees, workers and contractors’ employees, the ERT is continually trained through simulations 

to improve overall competency in emergency response preparedness. To ensure that our emergency response is 

well coordinated, all members are equipped with a Deployment Card (Kartu Tugas), which contains a guide on the 

emergency procedures, the type of administrative forms to use and emergency checklist. It also ensures that other 

employees can replace the ERT members who are not present at the site during any emergency.

Figure 10: GEMS’ ERT Structure




15

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

HEALTH AND SAFETY

PROTECTION OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS

Emergency Procedures using the Deployment Card

For any emergency call, there are three potential outcomes: 

1. 

the ERT is available in full team; or 

2. 

the ERT is available nearby but not in full team, or 

3. 

the ERT is away and not available. 

The Deployment Card will be used as follows:

1. 

In the first situation, the ERT Captain will function as the On-Scene Commander. He shall conduct briefing to 

each of ERT members tasks using the Deployment Card. The Deployment Card will function as a guide and a 

quick recap for the trained ERT members.

2. 

In the second situation, the ERT Captain will gather the available ERT members, and non-ERT members if 

necessary. Non-ERT members are employees who are preferably trained in first aid, firefighting, or CPR. The ERT 

Captain will explain the tasks using the Deployment Cards.

3. 

In the third situation, the Fire Warden or the First Aider of the area will resume the duty as Emergency 

Responder. He will gather team members, preferably employees who are trained in first aid, firefighting, or CPR. 

He then explains the step-by-step emergency response using the Deployment Card instructions.

Deployment Cards

The Emergency Deployment Cards are ready-for-use instructions to respond to specific emergency situations, such 

as fire case, personal injury and medical emergency. For most of the ERT members who are trained in various 

emergency situations, the Deployment Cards will function as a guide and a quick recap. For the non-ERT members3, 

the Deployment Cards will provide them with valuable information on performing the emergency response through 

the step-by-step instructions. 

Some examples of Deployment Cards are shown in Figure 11 below.

Figure 11: Examples of Deployment Cards for firefighters (left) and first aiders (right)

3 

  Non-ERT members are gathered from employees who have received trainings in first aid, firefighting, or CPR.

Kartu Tugas / Deployment Card

Pemadam Kebakaran / Firefighters

Tugas / Task

Sudah / 

Done

Mempersiapkan perlengkapan pemadaman, APAR, dan 

water truck

Preparing the firefighting equipment, fire extinguishers, and 

water truck

Memastikan semua karyawan di area keadaan darurat 

sudah berada di lokasi berkumpul / lokasi aman

Ensure that all employees in the incident area are at the 

assembly location / safe location

Melakukan penilaian kelas kebakaran, besarnya kebakaran 

serta potensi meluasnya kebakaran

Conduct a fire classification assessment, the magnitude of the 

fire and the potential for widespread fire

Melakukan penilaian potensi aset dan potensi korban 

untuk kepentingan prioritas penanganan

Conduct an assessment of potential assets and potential 

victims for priority handling

Meminta bantuan personil / peralatan / water truck jika 

diperlukan

Request for personnel / equipment / water truck assistance 

if needed

Melakukan pemadaman kebakaran yang diperlukan

Extinguish fire as needed

Mengidentifikasi APAR yang sudah dipakai dan membuat 

laporan upaya pemadaman

Identify the fire extinguisher that has been used and prepare 

the fire extinguishing effort report

Menjadi pemandu bagi ambulans, pemadam kebakaran 

atau kendaraan dukungan lain yang akan datang ke lokasi

Provide a guide for ambulances, firefighters or other support 

vehicles should they come to the location

Kartu Tugas / Deployment Card

Petugas P3K / First Aid Officer

Tugas / Task

Sudah / 

Done

Mempersiapkan obat-obatan, peralatan dan perlengkapan 

P3K

Preparing first-aid medicines, equipment and supplies

Melakukan penilaian jumlah korban dan sifat cidera yang 

dialami korban

Assess the number of victims and the nature of the injuries 

suffered by the victims

Menentukan tingkat prioritas korban yang perlu ditangani 

Determine the priority level of victims that need to be 

addressed

Meminta bantuan peralatan dan material yang diperlukan 

Request for assistance on equipment and materials needed

Melakukan stabilisasi korban dan jika diperlukan 

mempersiapkan korban untuk evakuasi selanjutnya

Stabilize the victims and if necessary prepare victims for 

further evacuation

Memberikan penenangan kepada korban

Provide comfort to the victim

Mendistribusikan peralatan, perlengkapan dan obat-

obatan yang diperlukan

Distribute equipment, supplies and medicines needed

Membuat laporan mengenai pertolongan

Prepare a report on the first aid assistance


16

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

In response to our aim of improving our overall capacity in emergency response as set in FY2018, we have achieved 

the following, as shown in Figure 12. Moving forward, we hope to carry out monthly emergency drills/simulations 

and scenario-based emergency situations such as Fatality Preventions and Oil Spill Response on land or offshore.

Figure 12: Our performance against our goals for emergency response

Strengthening our ERT structure

We have established a strong Emergency Response structure comprising all departments and 

contractors on site. 

In FY2019, we deployed six firefighting teams covering pit areas, hauling roads, port, and offices. 

In the same year, we have also established our Emergency Command Centre and Emergency 

Call Centre. 

Improving the competencies of 

our ERT members

We conducted various trainings to enhance the competencies of our ERT members:

AK3 Firefighting Certification

Period: May 2019

Venue: Kemenakertrans Jakarta

Participant: 1 employee

Basic Open Mine Rescue – BASARNAS

Period: 22 July – 2 August 2019

Venue: Training Room, Angsana Site

Participants: 31 employees

Intensive Trainings 

• High Angle Rescue, 

• Confined Space Rescue, 

• Water Rescue, 

• Collapsed Structure Search and Rescue.

Period: 25 – 30 September 2019

Venue: Basarnas Banjarbaru

Participants: 9 employees

Advanced Cardiovascular Life Support Certification

Period: 10 – 12 December 2019

Venue: Pro Emergency Bibinong, Bogor

Participant: 1 employee

Constructing our ERT First Aid 

Station and Emergency Response 

(“ER”) Command Centre

In FY2019, the construction for our 

First Aid Station (“FAS”), located at 

Hauling Road KM07, was completed

 

At the same time, we started the construction 

of the Emergency Response Command Centre 

at Kusan’s new office.

Procuring additional rescue tools 

for vehicle extrication, water 

rescue, firefighting, confined space 

rescue and high angle rescue

In FY2019, 18 types of emergency tools and equipment were added to the ERT for firefighting, 

high angle rescue, water rescue, vehicle accident rescue, medical rescue and collapsed structure 

rescue. As at 31 December 2019, the ERT has 63 types of emergency tools and equipment ready  

to be deployed for any emergency event.

Conducting emergency 

simulations for handling fatality 

prevention and oil spill related 

scenarios

A total of 13 emergency drills and simulations were conducted in FY2019. Emergency 

simulations for fatality prevention such as fire and vehicle accidents, fall from height, drowning, 

slope failures, electric shock and working in confined spaces. 

Emergency drills for oil spills were conducted regularly in workshops and offshore tugboats.

Material matters

Sub-matters

HEALTH AND SAFETY

PROTECTION OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS








17

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

HEALTH AND SAFETY

PROTECTION OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS

Performance

In FY2019, we have carried out a total of 13 emergency simulations, a slight decrease from 15 in FY2018. These 

simulations saw a total of 375 participants, including BIB’s ERT and contractors. The participants also include 

BIB employees who we encourage to participate in all drills and simulations as part of our ongoing education 

programme so that they are prepared in the event of an emergency.

Figure 13: FY2019 emergency simulations

1

Angsana Office

Fire Case – Building Fire, Search and Rescue

2

Pit Kusan Bawah

Mud Accident Rescue – Evacuate victim at mud area (Search and Rescue)

3

Settling Pond Girimulya

Water Rescue – Rescue victim (injury case) at settling pond

4

Pit Kusan Bawah

Mine Slope Failure – Rescue victim (injury case)

5

Hauling Road

Road Accident Rescue – Rescue victim (injury case and extrication method)

6

Workshop Area

Electrical Shock Rescue – Rescue victim (injury case)

7

Exploration Area

Jungle Rescue – Search and Rescue (evacuation of victims crushed by a tree)

8

Magazine Area

Fire Case – Building Fire, Search and Rescue

9

Pit Kusan Atas

High Angle Rescue – Rescue victim who fell on the slope (injury case)

10

Fuel Storage Area

Confined Space Rescue – Search and Rescue (injury case)

11

Hauling Road

Motor Vehicle Accident Rescue – Rescue and Evacuate victim (mass casualties in collusion)

12

Pit Kusan Atas

Mud Accident Rescue – Evacuate victim at mud area (Search and Rescue)

13

BLC Area

High Angle Rescue Combination with Water Rescue (open sea water) – Rescue victim who 

fell on the slope (injury case)

No.

Location

Emergency Scenario


18

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

In FY2019, ERT has participated in various events of national disasters, and emergency, and fire and rescue 

competition.

Providing Assistance to Victims of Kusan Hulu’s 

Flood

In June 2019, our ERT members were deployed to 

help to evacuate affected villagers, using rubber 

raft boats, trapped in their homes to the designated 

emergency safety points. The ERT, together with 

the paramedic team from Tanah Bumbu Regency, 

provided medical care for infants and elderly at 

the emergency safety points. The ERT also helped 

the affected villagers post the flood disaster at 

Kusan Hulu sub-district, an area near BIB’s mining 

concession. Items such as basic food, household 

groceries, women and baby clothing and cookware 

were donated to the victims of the flood.  

Indonesia Fire Rescue Competition (“IFRC”)

In October 2019, our ERT took part in the 6th IFRC 

as a new joiner, held in Sekolah Tinggi Penerbangan 

Indonesia in Curug, West Java. Our ERT members 

gained extensive knowledge and experience 

throughout the 8 competitions in the Fire Rescue 

Competition – Firefighting in Enclosed Building, 

Vehicle Accident Rescue, High Angle Rescue, 

Water Rescue, Collapsed Structure Search and 

Rescue, Aircraft Firefighting, Firefighter Knowledge 

Competition, and Firefighter Combat Challenge.  









Search and Rescue during Bengkulu Earthquake

In May 2019, our ERT members were deployed to 

Bengkulu Earthquake Disaster Recovery Programme, 

providing search and rescue assistance as well as 

medical attention to the affected victims. In addition, 

we donated basic food, household groceries, women 

and baby clothing, cookware and emergency tents to 

the victims.







HEALTH AND SAFETY

PROTECTION OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS




19

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

HEALTH AND SAFETY

PROTECTION OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS

System implemented because of 

legal requirements

Yes

No

Scope of workers covered under 

this system

All employees of BIB and registered 

contractors’ employees on site

All employees of BIB and registered 

contractors’ employees on site

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH &amp; SAFETY

Ensuring occupational health and safety is no doubt one of our highest priority given the operational risk of our 

business. To protect our employees and contractors, we leverage on the highest safety standards available to drive 

operational excellence and sustainable growth. Our policies (Figure 14) and procedures serve to prevent these risks 

from developing into actual hazards and are reviewed periodically to ensure they are in line with our operations and 

compliant with the latest regulations.

Figure 14: GEMS’ suite of policies for occupational health and safety

Occupational Health and Safety Management System

GEAR’s management systems comprise the Mining Safety Management System by the Ministry of Energy and 

Mineral Resources of the Republic of Indonesia (“ESDM”) and ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health and Safety 

Management System (“OHSMS”). BIB attained the ISO 45001:2018 OHSMS certification in December 2018, valid till 

December 2021. In FY2019, we have passed our annual ISO 45001:2018 audit as a requirement of the ISO standard. 

Although not a legal requirement, the Management expects that the implementation of ISO 45001 will improve 

overall workplace health and safety and reduce occupational injuries and diseases at BIB. 

Figure 15: GEAR’s management systems

 Zero tolerance towards the use 

of drugs and alcohol in our work 

facilities.

 We are committed towards:

 » Complying with the Indonesian 

government’s laws regarding the use 

of drugs and alcohol; and

 » Achieving a drug-free and alcohol-

free work environment.

 To achieve this, we take the following 

measures:

 » Conduct random and periodic 

checks on workers, contractors and 

business partners who are within 

our work facilities;

 » Grant rest to workers who are 

suspected to be under the influence 

of drugs and alcohol; and

 » Terminate employment contract 

with workers who are found to 

distribute and consume drugs and 

alcohol at our work facilities.

 This policy is developed pursuant to 

the Indonesia’s Ministerial Decree no. 

68 (year 2008) about prevention and 

Mitigation of HIV/AIDS at workplace.

 The objectives of this policy are 

to prevent the spread of HIV/AIDS 

among workers and their families, 

and to safeguard our workers’ rights.

 We are committed towards:

 » Raising awareness about HIV/AIDS 

among all workers;

 » Exercising non-discriminatory 

practices towards workers who are 

infected with HIV/AIDS;

 » Offering free choices for workers to 

undergo HIV/AIDS screening without 

any compulsion and maintaining 

confidentiality of the test results;

 » Offering regular health services for 

infected workers; and

 » Safeguarding the health and safety 

of all other workers

 We recognise that mining is a high-

risk activity that needs to be carefully 

managed to prevent dangers, 

accidents, occupational diseases and 

negative impact on the environment. 

 We develop work programmes 

which are based on continuous 

improvement and covering all our 

operational activities, taking into 

account HSE considerations.

 We are committed to engage all 

workers within our concession, 

including contractors and 

subcontractors, in implementing 

HSE initiatives and complying with 

regulation standards.

 We strive to manage our contractors 

effectively and procure requisite 

goods and services to uphold mining 

safely.

1

2

3

Mining Safety Management 

System by ESDM

ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health 

and Safety Management System

General Mining Safety 

and Environmental Policy

HIV/AIDS Policy

Use of Drugs and 

Alcohol Policy


20

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

Type of meeting

Safety Committee Meeting

Monthly

General Safety Talk 

Monthly

Weekly Safety Talk

Weekly

Management Review

Annual

Ad-hoc safety meetings

As and when required by the ad-hoc team

Hazard Identification, Risk Assessment and Incident Investigation

We adopt the Root Cause Analysis (“RCA”) method to investigate the root cause of every incident and implement 

the corrective actions to prevent reoccurrence. To ensure the quality of investigation, at least one member of the 

investigation team will have to undergo RCA training. When the root cause has been identified, we will select the 

most effective recommendation using the hierarchy of controls, with priority going to engineering controls, followed 

by administrative controls, work practices and lastly, personal protective equipment. 

After each investigation, the Health, Safety and Environment (“HSE”) Department logged the incident through the 

HSE incident report application portal. Historical incidents will serve as data feeds for the software in analysing 

our safety performance. The analysis will then reveal the classification of the incidents based on time, category of 

incident (health, safety or environment), degree of severity (mild, moderate, high or fatal), direct/indirect cause, root 

cause and recommendations to the management of BIB and its contractors for data analytics and audit trail. 

In the face of work-related hazards and hazardous situations, our employees and workers are to report work-related 

hazards to their supervisors and remove themselves from hazardous situations without fear of reprisals. To protect 

our employees and workers against reprisals, BIB ensures that the name of the employee or worker who reports the 

hazardous situation is kept confidential. To facilitate a more efficient reporting system, we have an online Hazard 

Reporting System using iSAFE application. Our iSAFE application is accessible on our employees’ and workers’ mobile 

phones. The online Hazard Reporting System is accessible in most of our BIB’s concession area, except in remote 

areas where telecommunication connection is weak. On 16 December 2019, we launched the iSAFE application and 

at the same time, announced the rollout of our online Hazard Reporting System. 

Unlike the traditional reporting system which required the Hazard Report Form to be submitted physically through 

the dropbox or to the Safety Administrator, our online Hazard Reporting System allows employees to report the 

hazards through iSAFE application using their mobile phones. The iSAFE application is designed to capture the 

description of the hazard(s), location(s), time of each report, photographic evidence, personnel, facilities and 

equipment involved. The reported information, through the iSAFE application, will be sent immediately to the 

Responsible Area Manager and recorded automatically in the database. Upon receiving the hazard report(s), the 

supervisor or Responsible Area Manager will review the information, identify the nature of hazard(s) and promptly 

conduct the follow-up action(s). Once the follow-up is completed, the Responsible Area Manager will report and send 

the follow-up evidence to the Safety Administrator. If the follow-up is deemed inappropriate, the report will be sent 

back to the Responsible Area Manager to make changes to the follow-up action and resubmit the evidence back to 

the Safety Administrator. 

Worker Participation, Consultation and Communication on Occupational Health 

and Safety

Our Occupational Health and Safety (“OHS”) management is administered by our HSE Department, as shown 

in Figure 17. To ensure that our workers are represented, BIB’s OHS committee conducts several activities such 

as safety committee meetings, safety talks, management review and other ad-hoc safety meetings whenever an 

improvement area is identified.

Figure 16: Frequency of meetings

HEALTH AND SAFETY

PROTECTION OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS

Type of meeting

Frequency




21

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

HEALTH AND SAFETY

PROTECTION OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS

Figure 17: GEMS/BIB’s OHS committee

Worker Training on Occupational Health and Safety

In FY2019, a total of 71 training sessions related to health and safety were carried, with an average of 14 

participants, including BIB employees and its contractors, in each training. The training sessions include generic 

trainings such as filing system and documentation management, first aid, safety leadership, as well as training on 

specific work-related hazardous activities such as mining precautions, slope failure rescue techniques and job safety 

analysis. In addition, a total of 10 certification courses were provided to 141 participants, including BIB’s employees 

and contractors, free of charge and during working hours. The courses include specific training in, amongst others, 

Mine Supervisory, Mine Surveyor, Electrical Safety, and Basic Open Mine Rescue.

To evaluate the effectiveness of our trainings, we use either one of the following three methods. 

1. The first method involves an open-ended questionnaire to be completed by the participants at the end of the 

training session. This feedback is provided to the trainer regarding the quality of training materials, teaching 

method, equipment used, classroom facilities, duration, the participants’ understanding of the training, and how 

the training could benefit them. 

2. The second method requires participants to take a test at the end of the training session to assess the 

participant’s degree of understanding of the training. If the test result is lower than the established minimum 

standard, the participant will be asked to reattend the training and retake the test.

3. The third method involves obtaining feedback from the participants’ supervisor on any improvement shown 

by the participants sometime after they have completed the training. This is particularly crucial for maintaining 

the competency level of our mining supervisors such as POP (Mining Supervisory Competency – level 1) or 

POM (Mining Supervisory Competency – level 2). Should the feedback be negative, the participant is required to 

attend subsequent coaching session or be closely mentored by his direct supervisor.

Operational 

Supervisor

Technical

Supervisor

Technical 

Department

Support Division

Operations 

Division

Mining Safety 

Manager

Health, 

Safety and 

Environmental 

Department

Port Department

Production Department

Geology and Geotechnical 

Department

MPD Department

Infrastructure Department

Purchasing Department

Finance Department

Security Department

External and Corporate Social 

Responsibility Department

Human Resources and 

General Affairs Department

Chief 

Operating 

Officer

Chief 

Executive 

Officer

Mining 

Head


22

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

Occupational Health Services and Promotion of Worker Health

As part of our contingency plans, all of our concession areas have their own first aid station (“FAS”) with paramedics 

on site to provide basic emergency medical services. Some of our FAS include medical professionals such as doctors 

on-site. During emergencies, our trained and experienced first aiders will practice the DR-ABC principle, as follows.

• 

Danger – the first aider shall determine if it is safe to approach the casualty. The first aider must ensure he does 

not put himself or any bystander in danger when approaching the casualty.

• 

Response – the first aider shall try to obtain responses from the casualty when the first aider talks to 

him, touches his hands or squeezes his shoulder. This is to ensure that the casualty is conscious and can 

communicate his condition to the first aider.

• 

Airway – If the casualty is not responding and he is unconscious, the first aider shall open the casualty’s mouth 

and have a look inside. If his mouth is clear, the first aider shall tilt the casualty’s head gently back (by lifting his 

chin) and check for breathing. If the mouth is not clear, the first aider shall place the casualty on his side, open 

his mouth and clear the contents, then tilt the head back and check for his breathing. The casualty’s head shall 

remain tilted to keep the airway open to allow for breathing.

• 

Breathing – The first aider shall check for breathing of the casualty by looking for chest movements (up and 

down). CPR will be applied if the casualty’s breathing is abnormal. If the casualty can breathe on his own, he 

shall be put in the recovery position.

• 

Circulation – The first aider shall check for a pulse if the casualty does not respond to the first aider’s questions 

or when the casualty is unconscious. If the first aider could not detect a pulse, the first aider will call for help 

from the emergency team immediately. Chest compressions may be practiced only by a trained first aider.

Once the vital signs have stabilised, subsequent treatment of injury can then be conducted, depending on the type 

of injury sustained.

Our occupational health services at BIB include:

1. Pre-employment medical check-up involving rigorous physical examination such as hearing impairment, 

respiratory, visual, routine blood tests, urine tests, x-ray imaging, electrocardiogram (ECG), and treadmill tests. 

2. Annual medical check-up involves the same medical parameters as pre-employment medical check-up, to detect 

any health issue at the earliest.

3. Biannual medical check-ups for high-risk positions such as personnel at risk of exposure to electrical, chemical, 

or radioactive hazards.

4. One-on-one medical consultations are conducted after each medical check-up.

5. Health risk assessments are conducted in the office and on-site.

6. Health-related surveys are conducted to measure the adequacy of lighting, noise, dust, air quality, temperature, 

humidity, heat stress, and vibration. 

7. Health talk programmes are conducted by medical doctors from local clinics.

To encourage our employees to maintain a healthy lifestyle, BIB provides medical checkup for new hires and 

periodical checkups for existing employees. We also organise health programmes such as Health Talk with the 

Doctor, the Badan Penyelenggara Jaminan Sosial (“BPJS”)4 Programme (or Social Security Administration Body) and 

Cooperation with Local Clinic. The BPJS programme informs employees on the copayment of social security by the 

employer and employee in the proportion regulated by the Indonesian law. For employees registered under the BPJS 

Employment and BPJS Health programmes, they will be covered under the insurance for work-related incidents and 

illnesses. The terms and conditions of the insurance coverage are regulated by law. The Cooperation with Local Clinic 

involves a binding contract between BIB and local medical service providers located within sub-district Angsana, to 

provide BIB’s employees with regular/emergency medical services, medical check-ups and other health promotion 

programmes conducted by the medical doctors. 

HEALTH AND SAFETY

PROTECTION OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS

4 

 BPJS is a legal body established by the government to administer social security program.




23

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

Improve our Hazard Identification, Risk Assessment and Determining Control (“HIRADC”) system to ensure hazards are properly 

identified and risk controls are properly established and implemented on field operations.

Improve safety competency of field supervisors by identifying gaps in their current competency and providing training programmes 

to close or narrow the competency gaps.

Conduct Safety Behaviour Observations to identify deviations in actual day-to-day implementations of the safety procedures, 

gathering supervisors’ knowledge and their understanding of safety procedures and provide corrections or feedback for 

improvement, if any.

Through our Safety Culture Change Management, we aim to improve the safety behaviour of our employees and contractors and 

change their mindset from “Safety is an Obligation” to “Safety is My Necessity”.

Continuously review our safety procedures to find deficiencies and provide corrections and revisions based on field observations 

or recommendations for improvement from incident investigations.

Conduct specific-purpose Safety Improvement Projects in pit; hauling road; and port operations.

HEALTH AND SAFETY

PROTECTION OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS

Performance

BIB reported a slight increase in Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (“LTIFR”) from 0.05 in FY2018 to 0.07 in FY2019 

and Lost Time Injury Severity Rate (“LTISR”) from 4.68 in FY2018 to 6.65 in FY2019. This is due to an increase in one 

lost time injury case which led to twice the number the lost days in FY2019 compared to FY2018. In FY2019, there 

were zero fatalities, 13 recordable work-related injuries (one employee and 12 contractors’ workers) and 2 high-

consequence work-related injuries. The 2 high-consequence injuries include a worker falling from a safety berm 

of 2 metres high, and another worker being hit by a pile crane machine. We take these injuries seriously and are 

determined to prevent such high-consequence injuries from happening again through various efforts, as shown 

in Figure 18 below. We have identified hazards that pose any risk of high-consequence injury through our Hazard 

Identification, Risk Assessment and Determining Control (“HIRADC”) system where our team leaders are equipped in 

identifying hazards in their daily working activities.

Figure 18: Efforts to prevent high-consequence injuries

In light of the COVID-19 outbreak, GEAR has adopted business continuity plans such as facilitating employees working 

from home and providing surgical masks, cloth masks and hand-sanitisers. In particular, BIB has implemented the 

following:

1. Limited travel policy. All business travels and regular day-offs shall be cancelled until the safety measures for 

Covid-19 ease.

2. Employees working in Head Office (Jakarta) shall follow Work From Home policy.

3. Employees working on-site shall follow restrictions such as twice daily monitoring of body temperature; meeting 

online instead of physical in-room meeting; safe distancing measures; maintain self-health and self-cleanliness 

programme; no visitors policy; and more detailed logistic handling policy.

4. Mask-wearing policy. Surgical mask shall be worn only for medical practitioners and employees who are unwell 

whereas the remaining employees shall wear cloth masks at all times during and after working hours.

5. Improved sanitation and hygiene by providing hand-washing facilities at the office entrance; hand sanitisers 

inside the buildings; and additional water-soap-based disinfectant chambers at the main entrance to the office.

6. Observation policy. All employees returning from intercity travels must report at the designated medical clinic 

upon arrival on-site. They will be examined by the medical doctors, and subject to a 7-14 days observation in a 

dedicated observation house depending on the doctor’s recommendation. When the observation period is over, 

the employees must be examined again by a medical doctor, and only the healthy employees are permitted to 

work. 

Efforts in preventing high-consequence injuries


24

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

HEALTH AND SAFETY

PROTECTION OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS

Figure 19: BIB’s year-to-date Lost Time Injury Frequency5 and Severity6 Rate in FY2017, FY2018 and FY2019

Figure 20: Number and rate7 of recordable work-related injury, man-hours worked for BIB employees and contractors 

in FY2019

Lost Time Injury Severity Rate 

Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate 

Threshold for LTISR

Threshold for LTIFR

0.00

0.00

0.05

2.00

0.10

4.00

0.15

6.00

0.20

8.00

0.25

10.00

0.30

12.00

0.35

14.00

0.40

16.00

FY2019

FY2019

FY2018

FY2018

FY2017 

FY2017 

0.05

0.20

4.68

11.00

0.08

0.35

11.18

15.00

0.07

0.19

6.65

10.45

Revenue Breakdown by Geographic Region

Revenue Breakdown by Geographic Region

Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (“LTIFR”)

Lost Time Injury Severity Rate (“LTISR”)

Number of man-hours worked

1,395,490

26,287,050

Rate of recordable work-related injury

0.72

0.46

BIB Employees

BIB Contractors

5 

Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate is the number of lost time injuries occurred per million man-hours worked.

6 

Lost Time Injury Severity Rate is the number of lost time injuries incurred per million man-hours worked.

7 

Rate of recordable work-related injury is the number recordable work-related injuries per million man-hours worked.




25

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

HEALTH AND SAFETY

PROTECTION OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS

One-Day Without Incident (“ODWI”) Programme

The OHS department conducted a root-cause assessment after the occurrence of the first lost time injury incident. 

The outcome of the assessment highlighted the inconsistency in the hazard identification and hazard reporting by 

the supervisors and field operators. One of the solutions implemented was the ODWI programme, where all the 

mining supervisors and field operators shall spend at least one day each week to identify and report hazards in their 

surrounding workplace. 

The result of ODWI in the upcoming months saw a significant improvement in the format and timeliness in the 

hazard reports submitted to the OHS Department. 

ODWI provides a deep analysis of hazard reports according to location, time, nature and frequency for further 

analysis. Top-ten hazards were identified promptly on a weekly basis, and the information was communicated to the 

Pit Operation Department for corrective actions to mitigate the risks and preventing further cases of such incidents.

The ODWI has proven to be an effective programme in increasing our employees and workers hazard awareness as 

well as a useful predictive tool for incident prevention. The aim was to have adequate data for analysis of observed 

hazards to remove the hazards before they developed further. This effort, we believed, has substantially reduced the 

frequency of the incidents.

The graph in Figure 21 shows the increase in the number of hazards reported from May to December 2019 after the 

initiation of ODWI programme in March 20198. Records of hazard reports from January to April were significantly 

lower9. Data spikes in September and October were due to high dust occurrence during the dry season with little 

rain for almost two months.

Figure 21: Hazard reports recorded following implementation of ODWI

Revenue Breakdown by Geographic Region

Hazard Reports Recorded

0

500

1,000

1,500

2,000

2,500

3,000

3,500

4,000

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

0

50

100

150

200

0

50

100

150

200

0

50

100

150

200

0

50

100

150

200

0

50

100

150

200

0

50

100

150

200

0

50

100

150

200

750

1000

750

1000

750

1000

750

1000

750

1000

750

1000

750

1000

50

1,717

2,078

2,141

3,880

3,074

2,320

2,256

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

8 

  ODWI was initiated in March 2019, and officially implemented on 22 May 2019.

9 

  ODWI from January to April could not be obtained due to inadequate recording on the database of hazard reports in the Pit Operations in this 

 

  period; only paper records were evident.


26

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

HEALTH AND SAFETY

PROTECTION OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS

Figure 22: Top ten hazards as advised by ODWI weekly report communicated to Pit Operation Department for further 

mitigation of potential risks and focused on preventing further cases of such incidents.

Figure 23: Drill-down of hazard reports by work area to highlight the highly reported hazard locations and less reported 

hazard locations. The outcome from this graph could be used to remind the personnel in the less reported hazard 

locations to improve their hazard reporting frequency. In this example, Hauling Roads is encouraged to improve their 

reporting frequency.

Revenue Breakdown by Geographic Region

Revenue Breakdown by Geographic Region

Inspection Reports by Work Area

Top Ten Hazard Operations at Pit Area

2.34%

8.29%

3,572

5.85%

10.72%

12,464

2.12%

8.09%

2,793

2.09%

6.25%

4.45%

8.35%

1,669

Roof conditions

Dusty environment

Disposal

Sub-standard lighting

Waste management

Front Loading

Absence of signs

Workplace tidiness

Workshop

Absence of fire extinguishers

Vehicle road worthiness

Storage and Stacking of goods

Undulating roads

Hauling Roads

iSAFE Mobile Application

iSAFE is a mobile application that is accessible by every employee on their mobile phones. iSAFE application was 

developed to answer the needs of speed and accuracy in safety reporting. By using iSAFE, data records will be intact, 

there will be no data loss and reduced time spent on writing safety reports. 




27

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

HEALTH AND SAFETY

PROTECTION OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS

There are currently six main functions in the iSAFE application:

a. 

Hazard reporting

b. Safety inspection reporting

c. 

Safe behaviour observation reporting

d. Knowledge base (online library)

e. 

Validity check of personnel’s and equipment’s identification

f. 

Nonconformity (“NC”) follow-up tracking 

The purpose of using iSAFE application is to increase general safety awareness, care for one another, and fostering a 

safety culture among all employees.

Snapshots of iSAFE application as shown on mobile phone in Figure 24. Every employee can use this application 

to report hazards, inspections or observations from his work area. This application enables tracking follow-up 

nonconformities arising from iSAFE hazard reports, inspections or observations deviations.

Figure 24: Snapshots of iSAFE application as shown on mobile phone



Figure 25: Snapshots of iSAFE data analysis using a separate data analysis software




28

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

HEALTH AND SAFETY

PROTECTION OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS

Safety Culture Change Management

The Safety Culture Change Management (“SCCM”) was initiated in FY2019 as a response to our safety culture surveys 

conducted in 2018 and early 2019. The survey concept is based on five levels of the Safety Maturity Model in the 

Minerals Industry Risk Management. The survey result concluded our current maturity level as “Reactive”. 

BIB is currently at the “Reactive” level in the SCCM Maturity Chart and has plan to reach the “Compliant” level by the end 

of 2022. To achieve this target, the first move of the SCCM is to educate selected employees as the “Change Agents” or 

also known as “Influencers”. The Change Agents are expected to initiate changes in employees on certain safety culture 

issues which need to be addressed and corrected. As of November 2019, BIB has engaged third party professionals to 

provide the necessary training to the Change Agents.  BIB intends to carry out the Safety Culture Change Management 

pilot projects by February 2020, in our pit; hauling road; and port operations.

The outcome of the SCCM programme is expected to improve the safety culture BIB-wide, resulting in a change of 

mindset from “Safety is an Obligation” to “Safety is My Necessity”. 

• No care culture

• Apathy/resistance

• Near misses not 

considered

• Negligence

• Dishonesty 

• Hiding of incidents

• No or little training

• Poor or no 

communication

• Blame culture

• Accept need to care

• Some near miss 

reporting

• Some window 

dressing e.g. pre-

inspection cleanups 

and light duty

• Disciplinary action

• Minimum / 

inconsistent training

• Some communication 

on a need to know 

basis

• Compliance culture

• Some participation

• Near miss 

discussions

• Acceptable training/

awareness

• Established and 

good communication 

channels

• Regular people 

involvement and focus

• Ownership culture

•  Involvement at all 

levels

•  Near miss 

involvement

• High level of training 

awareness

• Communication at 

a high level hiding 

nothing

• Way of life

•  Comes natural

•  Personal 

involvement by 

all to prevent 

incidents

• Complete 

understanding

• All informed at 

all times about 

everything

• Line driven systems 

improvement

• ISO 14001 and OHSAS 

18000 or equivalent

• Pro-active formal risk 

assmt

• Beyond legal 

compliance

• Seek to actively 

engineer out 

process/equipment 

inadequacies

• Incident learnings 

shared with all levels

• Well designed plans/

procedures

• Focus on adhering 

to site plans and 

procedures

• Integrated audits

• Peer evaluation and 

discussion

• Individually 

internalised

• Integrated 

management systems

• Risk assessment 

integrated into all 

systems

• Self regulating style

• Eliminate problems 

before they occur

• All threats considered 

in decision-making

• Systems 

enhancement 

through external 

evaluation / auditing 

 

• Reactive approach

• No system

• No risk assessment

• Legal noncompliance

• Accept equipment / 

process decay

• Superficial incident 

investigation

• Poor investigation

• No monitoring/audits

• Permit noncompliance

• Potential illegal 

practices

• Administrator driven

• Loose systems, 

elements of a Health 

and Safety Management 

System

• Re-active risk 

assessment

• Minimum legal 

compliance

• Apply Personal 

Protective Equipment 

as a way of eliminating 

exposure

• Incident investigation 

but limited analysis

•  Focus on what 

happened

•  No systems focus

•  Human fault focus

• Ad-hoc monitoring/

audits

• No occupational 

hygiene or health 

initiatives

• Reactive medical 

monitoring

• Monitoring as per 

regulations

• OH&amp;S Coordination 

driven

• OH&amp;S Standards 

system and ISO 9002 or 

equivalent

• Risk assessment 

through existing 

systems

• Total legal compliance

• Strictly enforce the use 

of PPE where required 

(knowing risk)

• Causal incident 

analysis based on 

event potential

• Information sharing 

from events

• Planned occupational 

hygience / evironmental 

monitoring

• Periodical medical 

examinations

• Planned monitoring/

audits

• Safety meetings &amp; talks

• Some task observations

Minerals Industry Risk Management (MIRM) Maturity Chart

Resilient 

Vulnerable 

Reactive

Compliant

Proactive

Accept that 

incidents happen

Prevent a 

similar incident

Prevent incidents 

before they occur

Improve the systems

Way we do business




29

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT



Why is this important to GEAR?

Coal mining is a resource intensive process. Due 

to the nature of operation, the sector has high 

impact on the environment from air pollution, 

waste generation, land use and GHG emissions. 

We, at GEAR, take a strong stand in preserving 

the environment that we operate in and are 

committed to carrying out our operations in a 

responsible and sustainable manner. 

Policy/Management System

• 

ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management 

System attained by BIB in December 2018

• 

GEMS’ Waste Dumping Policy

• 

GEMS’ Land Reclamation Policy







75% compliance with local air quality 

regulations



15% decrease in fuel energy intensity 

from 0.23 GJ/tonne in FY2018 to 0.20 

GJ/tonne in FY2019





Increase in electricity usage intensity 

from 0.025 kWh/tonne in FY2018 to 

0.045 kWh/tonne in FY2019













100% compliance with local effluent 

discharge limits

















124.11 ha of land reclaimed and 

rehabilitated in FY2019









Air Quality for nitrous oxide, sulphur 

dioxide and carbon monoxide below 

government limits

Met land reclamation target of 87.28 

hectares

All 

effluent 

parameters 

under 

the upper limit set by the local 

government

Environment Performance Highlights for FY2019

FY2019 Targets Achieved










30

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT

AIR QUALITY MANAGEMENT 

At GEAR, we understand the importance of maintaining our air quality as it not only affects the environment, but 

also the communities living near our concession area. We have therefore implemented measures to avert the 

release of harmful gases as well as to suppress dust emissions.

Our Standard Operating Procedure (“SOP”) on the “Collection and Processing of Genset Emissions Test Data” serves 

to guide our operations in measuring the emissions from generators.

Figure 26: SOP on the Collection and Processing of Genset Emissions Test Data

To ensure that the emissions released from our operations remain at an acceptable level, we have set our targets for 

air quality maintenance within the upper limits set by the Indonesian government. We have engaged an accredited 

external laboratory to monitor the quality of ambient air at our concession area and reports are submitted to the 

Environmental Department of Tanah Bumbu quarterly. Inspections by the local regulatory authority are carried out 

depending on the Environmental Laboratory team’s schedule.

Complying with 

Government’s threshold limit

 Ministry of Environment and 

forestry regulation

 South Kalimatan Governor’s 

Regulation

 Nitrogen Dioxide = 1,000 mg/m3

 Carbon Monoxide = 600 mg/m3

 Sulphur Dioxide = 800 mg/m3

 Particulate = 150 mg/m3

 Opacity = 335%

Process Guidance

Maintenance

 Daily maintenance before using the 

generators

 Monthly maintenance of the 

generators

Air quality and emissions control

 Sampling by certified laboratory 

which uses nationally recognised 

methods

Follow-up response

 Regular reporting to the government

 Analyse data using the other 

parameters, such as coal production 

and overburden volume, as a 

comparison

Objective of SOP

 To maintain air quality and emission 

control

 To provide guidelines for accurate air 

and emissions sampling

 To comply with the government 

quality standards

Collection and Processing of Genset Emissions Test Data




31

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT

Performance

In FY2019, we have met the local government’s air quality upper limits for NO2, SO2 and CO. For total suspended 

particulate (“TSP”), there were cases where TSP-ambient emissions crossed the local government’s limit, as shown 

in Figure 30. The high TSP-ambient emissions was due to increased production volume and longer dry spells in the 

second and third quarters of 2019 compared to the same quarters in 2018, which resulted in a lack of water in the 

sediment ponds for dust suppression. 

GEAR understands that additional water trucks are crucial to reduce the TSP-ambient emissions in both Kusan and 

Girimulya mining areas. As such, we have increased our fleet of water trucks from 13 units to a total of 18 units in 

FY2019, with 7 units for Kusan mining area and 11 units for Girimulya. We also strive to maintain our Performance 

Availability (“PA”) and Utilisation Availability (“UA”) for all 18 units of water trucks above 85% and 70% respectively. To 

mitigate the issue of low levels of water in the sediment ponds, we have:

a. 

constructed a check dump in Kusan mining area;

b. built 7 additional sediment ponds around pits and disposal grounds; and

c. 

installed water sprays at Girimulya and Kusan workshops to suppress dust.

Except for the TSP-ambient emissions for Kusan mining area and workshop crossed the government’s limit in second 

and third quarters of 2019, the TSP-ambient emissions in FY2019 has generally improved as compared to FY2018.

The Batulaki workshop has been dismantled in 2019 due to the lack of mining activity at the Batulaki block. Since the 

closure of the mine, regular environmental monitoring is no longer required.

Figure 27: BIB’s NO2 emissions (ambient air) in FY2019 in comparison with the upper limit set by the local government

200.0

100.0

150.0

50.0

0

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

M

S

t

b

J

O t b

J l

N

b

A

t

D

b

29.5

23.9

0.5

20.0

27.6

24.5

12.8

3.3

22.4

22.6

29.3

20.5

3.8

16.3

4.2

6.2

4.7

8.4

7.4

7.0

1.9

6.7

4.0

13.6

24.6

17.5

7.3

8.4

200

Bunati Port

Girimulya 

Workshop

Girimulya 

Mining Area

Kusan 

Mining Area

Kusan 

Workshop

Makmur 

Mining Area

Office &amp; 

Mess Angsana

Q4

Upper limit set by local government

Q3

Q2

Q1


32

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

Figure 29: BIB’s CO emissions (ambient air) in FY2019 in comparison with the upper limit set by the local government

Figure 30: BIB’s TSP-ambient emissions (ambient air) in FY2019 in comparison with the upper limit set by the local 

government

Figure 28: BIB’s SO2 emissions (ambient air) in FY2019 in comparison with the upper limit set by the local government

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT

20,000.0

10,000.0

15,000.0

5,000.0

0

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

Upper limit as set by the local government

20,000

Bunati Port

Girimulya 

Workshop

Girimulya 

Mining Area

Kusan 

Mining Area

Kusan 

Workshop

Makmur 

Mining Area

Office &amp; 

Mess Angsana

5,000.0

2,500.0

3,750.0

1,250.0

0

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

Upper limit as set by the local government

4,428.7

Bunati Port

Girimulya 

Workshop

Girimulya 

Mining Area

Kusan 

Mining Area

Kusan 

Workshop

Makmur 

Mining Area

Office &amp; 

Mess Angsana

1000.0

500.0

750.0

250.0

0

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

Upper limit as set by the local government

900

Bunati Port

Girimulya 

Workshop

Girimulya 

Mining Area

Kusan 

Mining Area

Kusan 

Workshop

Makmur 

Mining Area

Office &amp; 

Mess Angsana

Q4

Emission (µg/Nm3)

Q3

Q2

Q1

Q4

Upper limit set by local government

Q3

Q2

Q1

Q4

Upper limit set by local government

Q3

Q2

Q1

230

13.4

217

20.9

446

25.3

251

18.6

411

7.1

354

10.9

217

16.2

274

25.0

217

25.3

389

23.3

366

11.7

343

16.9

366

28.5

309

33.0

320

31.3

251

36.3

240

29.0

229

33.8

274

23.5

240

24.9

309

11.9

217

42.3

354

27.0

526

23.1

400

52.4

571

49.9

491

36.2

434

27.7

480

106.7

11.3

13.9

20.6

22.4

48.7

39.4

26.2

12.4

26.1

454.8

335.1

164.7

13.7

13.9

275.1

160.0

556.7

8.2

24.8

52.7

44.2

98.7

99.1

48.0

56.7

46.7




33

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT

ENERGY CONSUMPTION AND GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS

Over the years, global warming has become a critical area of concern and both Singapore and Indonesia have 

pledged10 to reduce their GHG emissions as per the Paris Accord. At GEAR, we recognise the importance of 

responsible and sustainable use of energy and remain committed to consuming energy efficiently to minimise our 

carbon footprint wherever possible.

Figure 31: BIB’s Mining Safety and Environment Policy

In achieving this vision, BIB has a mission to build a corporate culture centred on human resource assets, a superior 

operational focus and build sustainable growth through high safety standards, the development of good community 

empowerment programmes, consistently manage and protect the environment and maintain biodiversity, 

undertaking efforts in energy efficiency and recycling waste. 

In carrying out this mission, BIB is fully committed to implement this Mining Safety and Environmental Policy. 

BIB is aware that mining operations have impacts that need to be managed appropriately to ensure the safety of 

people, operations, equipment, environmental protection, conserving water resources, maintaining biodiversity and 

undertaking waste recycling efforts. 

BIB attained ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management System in December 2018, valid till December 2021. In 

FY2019, an annual audit was done and 4 inspections have been performed on the robustness of our system, as well 

as keeping the environmental management system in check.

10 

Singapore committed to reduce its GHG emissions intensity by 36% from 2005 levels by 2030, while Indonesia committed to reduce its GHG emissions 

by 29% from business-as-usual scenario by 2030.




34

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

Performance

In January 2016, the Indonesian government has mandated the use of B20-graded biodiesel for all mining 

operations. In FY2019, we consumed a mixture of Petrodiesel, gasoline and B20-graded biodiesel in our operations. 

We will start to use the B30-graded biodiesel in our mining operations in FY2020 based on the recent government 

regulations.

To increase our biodiesel consumption, we have engaged larger suppliers to supply higher-graded biodiesel to our 

contractors. In FY2019, our biodiesel consumption increased by 202% compared to our consumption in FY2018. 

Overall, total fuel consumption in BIB has increased by 31% due to increased production volume from 20.3 million 

tonnes in FY2018 to 28.7 million tonnes in FY2019.

Electricity consumption at BIB has also increased by 151% from 18.5 TJ in FY2018 to 46.5 TJ in FY2019 due to higher 

production volume. However, electricity intensity has also increased due to higher coal production; twice the number 

of employees living in the Angsana office camp; and increase in number of air-conditioning and electric fixtures in 

the buildings used to house the increased number of employees. As a result, scope 2 emissions arising from grid 

electricity consumption has also increased.

Figure 32: BIB’s direct energy consumption from fuel (left) and scope 1 emissions arising from direct energy (right)

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

Se

June

July

August

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

Se

June

July

August

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

Se

June

July

August

0 05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

Petrodiesel

Biodiesel

Petrodiesel

Biodiesel

Gasoline

Energy Intensity

Gasoline

Energy Intensity

0.00

50,000

0.00

0.00

0.05

100,000

0.10

150,000

0.15

200,000

0.20

250,000

0.25

300,000

0.30

350,000

0.35

400,000

0.20

16.50

15.50

14.50

16.00

15.00

14.00

0.15

0.10

0.05

0.40

450,000

0.25

17.00

FY2019

FY2019

FY2018

FY2018

FY2017 

FY2017 

0.23

16.63

0.22

16.30

0.20

14.72

Fuel Consumption (TJ)

Scope 1 Emissions (tonnes CO2e)

Fuel Consumption Intensity

(GJ/metric tonnes)

Fuel Consumption Intensity

(GJ/metric tonnes)

2,766.76

205,016.63

4,284.15

317,455.34

4,920.60

364,616.58

161.06

11,402.84

272.21

19,272.70

821.62

58,170.57

1.25

86.64

1.21

83.83

1.61

111.63




35

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT

Road to tie-in Perusahaan Listrik Negara (“PLN”) – Bunati Port

In July 2019, BIB started the project of connecting Bunati Port’s electricity generated from generator sets to PLN, 

Indonesia’s government-owned electricity distribution corporation. With the new electricity supply that will 

commence from 2 March 2020, BIB’s Bunati Port can tap on the grid for electricity at 5.5MW capacity instead of using 

generators that consume fuel. This will reduce BIB’s fuel consumption which will significantly reduce emissions and 

ultimately the operating costs of Bunati Port. The existing generators will be used as backups instead. In January 

2020, BIB has also sent a formal request to PLN on supplying electricity to the mining area at Bunati Port. Should the 

request be successful, the project would be expected to be completed in 2021.

0.00

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

Upper limit as set by the local government

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

Se

June

July

August

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

Se

June

July

August

Upper limit as set by the local gove

0

0

0.00

0.00

200

400

600

800

1,000

1,200

1,800

1,000

1,400

600

1,600

800

1,200

400

200

0.040

0.060

0.040

0.020

0.050

0.030

0.010

0.030

0.020

0.010

1,400

2,000

0.050

0.070

0.025

0.036

0.029

0.041

0.045

0.064

Electricity Consumption (MWh)

Scope 2 Emissions (tonnes Co2e)

Electrical Energy Intensity 

(KWh/metric tonne)

Scope 2 Emissions Intensity 

(kg CO2e/metric tonne)

384.33

551.13

514.73

738.12

1,291.00

1,851.29

Quantity of electricity consumed (MWh)

Energy Intensity

GHG Emission (tonnes CO2e)

Emission Intensity

Figure 33: BIB’s electrical energy consumption (left) and scope 2 emissions arising from grid electricity usage (right) 

FY2019

FY2019

FY2018

FY2018

FY2017 

FY2017 


36

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT

Waste rock, tailings and other solid waste are key concerns in the process of land rehabilitation. Effective solid-waste 

management is integral to GEAR’s commitment to alleviating negative impacts to our areas of operations. 

GEAR has in place a comprehensive Waste Dumping Policy, which outlines the tools and safeguards in place to 

securely collect, transport and treat solid waste. The Waste Dumping Policy ensures best practices are set in place to 

restore land and mitigate any adverse effects on human safety and the environment. 

BIB’s Hazardous Solid Waste Disposal Policy extends further than the national standard regulated by the 

Environment Ministry for hazardous waste disposal. In BIB, the vendor collects hazardous waste every month to 

prevent overload in the storage building, compared to the 90-day mandate. 

Figure 34: Elements of GEMS’ Waste Dumping Policy

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT

 Two ways of dumping solid-waste

• Direct dumping - dumping of material using a hauling 

truck at the dump crest

• Indirect dumping - dumping of material using a hauling 

truck at a safe distance away from the dump crest, to be 

pushed by a dozer towards the dump crest

 Identification of potentially acid forming (“PAF”) and non-

acid forming (“NAF”) substances

• PAF should not be placed at the ground surface.

• NAF may be used to encapsulate PAF, with a minimum 

thickness of 10 meters

 Mud is to be mixed with other material prior to dumping, to 

maintain slope stability

 Overburden and other waste can only be dumped at specific 

dumping locations as assigned by the Mine Planning and 

Development (“MPD”) Department, considering geotechnical 

and geoengineering considerations

• Overburden is to be reused for land reclamation before 

rehabilitation works are carried out

 The active and inactive dumping areas are to be monitored 

by the geotechnical engineers at all times to prevent 

landslides

Figure 35: BIB’s Hazardous Solid Waste Disposal 

Policy 

BIB conforms to the national standard regulated 

by the Environment Ministry

• Registered and approved vendor will collect 

the material kept locked in the storage 

building every month to prevent overloading

Performance

In FY2019, our total cumulative overburden was measured to be 123,526,934 BCM (Bank Cubic Meters). Overburden 

primarily consists of clay, silt and sandstone extracted during coal mining activities. The data below refers to the 

overburden measured. Our total overburden increased in FY2019 was due to BIB’s increased production. We have 

used approximately 37,200,000 BCM of overburden for rehabilitating 124.11 hectares in FY2019. The remaining 

overburden of 30,500,000 BCM will be used for reclamation and rehabilitating 101.55 ha areas in FY2020.

FY2017

49,535,553

FY2018

98,727,410

FY2019

123,526,934

Year

Volume of overburden (BCM)




37

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT

BIB recycles and re-uses non-B3 solid waste 

BIB uses non-B3 solid waste such as tyres, drums, metal for various purposes such as to retain sea-water abrasion, 

restrict parking of heavy vehicles, and signage for directions. In FY2019, 403,000 kg of tyres and 203,000 kg of scrap 

metal were recycled through contractors. 

LAND MANAGEMENT

Although GEAR has obtained the required legal authorisations such as the License to Borrow and Use of Forest 

Areas (Izin Pinjam Pakai Kawasan Hutan or “IPPKH”), it is essential to restore land affected by mining operations 

according to our mine closure and reclamation plan. GEAR greatly values our surrounding communities and is 

cognizant of the importance of natural resources towards the health and economic development of the local 

population. We are committed to preventing long-term environmental degradation, contamination; and other 

possible negative effects such as landslides, that could endanger our employees or communities from surrounding 

areas. Our policy is shown in Figure 35.

Figure 35: GEMS’ Land Reclamation Policy













 The size of reclaimed area shall be equal to the size of mined area

 Top soil shall be stored appropriately for post-mining revegetation purposes

 Reclamation process shall be monitored and managed to happen as planned

 Disruptions to drainage patterns due to mining activities shall be rectified

 Erosion shall be minimised during and after the reclamation process

 Revegetation shall be done using the plant species as listed on the Environment Management Plan that is 

submitted to ESDM (Mineral and Coal division)

 During reclamation, the road access to the reclaimed area shall be closed

To ensure that our land management approach remains effective, we conduct internal and external audits, 

benchmark our practices to other similar mining companies, as well as obtain feedback from ESDM, as shown in 

Figure 36. Prior to the commencement of mining activities at our concession areas, we develop a mine closure and 

reclamation plan which is then approved by ESDM and serves as a guide for our rehabilitation efforts.


38

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

Performance

In FY2019, GEAR received a score of 48.85% from ESDM for the area rehabilitated in FY2018. For the area that was 

rehabilitated in FY2017 and the year before, the score given by the mine inspectors ranged between 72% – 100% 

and met the criteria in terms of plants planted and erosion prevention. An independent audit conducted by Coal &amp; 

Mineral Office Inspectors on the progress of reclamation conducted by BIB, showed no findings of non-compliance. 

The reclamation process is on track as per our five-year reclamation plan and will be conducted continuously until 

the mine closure.

Our Mine Closure and Reclamation Plan consists of reclaiming and rehabilitating approximately 80% of the disturbed 

land. The total land reclamation area, including land preparation, is 557.26 hectares as of the end of FY2019. This 

year, we rehabilitated 124.11 hectares of land, as compared to 98 hectares in FY2018 and met our reclamation target 

set in FY2018 of 87.28 hectares. Moving forward, our reclamation target for FY2020 is approximately 83.94 hectares.

Our disturbed area decreased from 704 hectares in FY2018 to 519.74 hectares in FY2019. In addition, our total 

cumulative land disturbed and not yet rehabilitated is 2,423.63 hectares in FY2019, an increase from 2,208 hectares 

in FY2018. 

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT

STAKEHOLDER FEEDBACK

ESDM inspects and verifies the BIB’s site before the deposit fund is 

transferred back every year. We will then follow up with the verification 

report and improvements will be taken into consideration.



EXTERNAL AUDIT/VERIFICATION

The progress of reclamation is evaluated in terms of quantity and quality.

BENCHMARKING TO SIMILAR MINING COMPANY

The practices of BIB are compared with other practices applied by other 

mining companies. We try to adopt the best practices wherever possible 

and review current practices to achieve better results.

INTERNAL AUDIT/VERIFICATION

The Environment Department inspects and monitors the progress of land 

management yearly.

1

2

3

4

Figure 36: Evaluation of land management approach




39

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT

WATER RESOURCE MANAGEMENT

GEAR is sensitive to the potential health, safety and environmental hazards of untreated effluents from mining 

operations. We are aware of the importance and responsibility we hold in ensuring effluent discharge is within the 

regulatory norms and does not disrupt the surrounding communities. 

To ensure that GEAR is in full compliance with the necessary effluent limits set by the local government, we have 

in place effluent treatment and monitoring processes as shown in Figure 37. As part of our effluent monitoring 

process, we treat and measure the quality of the effluents before releasing into the surrounding water bodies. We 

also engaged an external laboratory to conduct testing on our treated effluents on a monthly basis.

Our BIB’s External Relations Department was formed to provide a channel for local communities to provide feedback 

on our operations. In FY2019 we had one report of grievances relating to water management caused by dry spells in 

the second and third quarters of FY2019 at the Kusan mining area and workshops. In the event of negative feedback, 

our External Relations and CSR department worked together to address the issues with the feedback provider to 

resolve the situation. GEAR immediately took action by increasing the number of water trucks to 7 units in the Kusan 

mining area. 

Figure 37: BIB’s approach towards effluent management

A sediment pond has to be constructed at each mining area 

prior to the commencement of mining activities, to control 

acid drainage and prevent erosion.

Whenever the 

water quality 

reaches its 

upper limits, 

the effluent is 

treated using 

pH adjuster, 

caustic soda 

and soda ash 

at the sediment 

ponds.

The pH, 

turbidity, 

acidity and 

metal content 

of effluent is 

monitored 

daily by BIB 

and monthly by 

an accredited 

laboratory.

During 

treatment 

activities, water 

pumping at 

the sediment 

ponds is 

stopped and 

the ponds’ 

spillway is 

closed to 

prevent the 

release of 

water into the 

surroundings.

The test results 

are submitted 

to the local 

Governor 

quarterly.

Dredging 

is done 

periodically 

to remove 

collected 

sediment, 

which is 

transported 

to a dedicated 

disposal area.

In addition, 

on-site testing 

is conducted by 

ESDM annually.

BIB’s effluent is treated at the sediment ponds before it is 

discharged.

Effluent Treatment and Monitoring


40

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT

Performance

In FY2019, we have ensured all our effluent parameters to be below the upper limit set by the local government, as 

shown in the figures below.

Figure 38: BIB’s effluent’s average total suspended solids (“TSS”) in comparison to the upper limit set by the local 

government in FY2019

Figure 39: BIB’s effluent’s average pH value in comparison to the upper and lower limits set by the local government in 

FY2019

Figure 40: BIB’s effluent’s average cadmium content in comparison to the upper limit set by the local government in 

FY2019

200

10.0

0.150

100

6.0

0.100

150

8.0

0.125

50

4.0

0.075

2.0

0.050

0.025

0

0

0

0.00

0.05

0.10

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

Upper limit as set by the local government

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

200.0

9.0

6.0

0.1

Jan

Jan

Jan

8.5

7.5

0.02

Jul

Jul

Jul

8.3

7.1

0.02

Mar

Mar

Mar

24.6

7.1

0.02

Sep

Sep

Sep

17.6

7.1

0.02

May

May

May

28.9

7.4

0.02

Nov

Nov

Nov

27.3

6.8

0.02

Feb

Feb

Feb

40.8

7.1

0.02

Aug

Aug

Aug

9.7

7.2

0.02

Apr

Apr

Apr

3.3

7.0

0.02

Oct

Oct

Oct

20.2

7.3

0.02

Jun

Jun

Jun

51.1

7.2

0.02

Dec

Dec

Dec

37.8

6.9

0.02

Upper limit set by local government

Total suspended solids

Lower limit set by local government

pH Value

Upper limit set by local government

Upper limit set by local government

Cadmium content

Total suspended solids in mg/L

pH value

Cadmium content in mg/L




41

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

NURTURING

THE ENVIRONMENT

Figure 42: BIB’s effluent’s average manganese content in comparison to the upper limit set by the local government in 

FY2019

7.0

4.0

3.5

1.5

2.5

0.5

3.0

1.0

2.0

3.0

5.0

1.0

0

0.0

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

Upper limit as set by the local government

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

0.00

0.05

0.10

0.15

0.20

0.25

0.30

0.35

0.40

May

September

June

October 

July

November 

August

December

7.0

4.0

Jan

Jan

0.5

0.3

Jul

Jul

0.8

0.2

Mar

Mar

0.4

0.1

Sep

Sep

0.2

0.1

May

May

0.4

0.1

Nov

Nov

0.3

0.2

Feb

Feb

0.2

0.1

Aug

Aug

0.4

0.1

Apr

Apr

0.7

0.1

Oct

Oct

0.4

0.2

Jun

Jun

0.4

0.1

Dec

Dec

0.1

0.2

Upper limit set by local government

Iron content 

Iron content in mg/L

Manganese content in mg/L

Figure 41: BIB’s effluent’s average iron content in comparison to the upper limit set by the local government in FY2019

Upper limit set by local government

Manganese content 


42

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

EMPOWERING

LOCAL COMMUNITIES

11 

GEAR’s CSR initiatives are aligned to the BIB Mining Safety and Environment Policy Fig 31.

Why is this important to GEAR?

As our mines are located at the developing 

regions of Indonesia, we see the opportunity 

to contribute to the development of the 

surrounding communities as a part of our social 

responsibility. Through the various Corporate 

Social Responsibility (“CSR”) blueprints and plans, 

we seek to contribute to our endeavours involving 

sustainable development, accelerated inclusive 

growth and social equity.

CSR Blueprints11

• 

GEAR’s CSR activity is focused on the following 

pillars:

Education (Pendidikan), Health (Kesehatan), 

Real economy (Ekonomi riil), Self-reliance 

economy 

(Kemandirian 

Ekonomi), 

infrastructure (Insfrastruktur), Social, culture 

and religious (Sosial budaya dan agama), 

Environment (Lingkungan) and Institution 

(Kelembagaan)

• 

CSR initiatives supported by elements from the 

BIB Mining Safety and Environment Policy 





















100% compliance with 

ESDM on local community 

development 





More than 754,908 number of 

beneficiaries









Compliance with Regulation 

No. 1824 (year 2018) regarding 

local community development 

as stipulated by ESDM

Local Communities 

Performance Highlights for FY2019

FY2019 Target Achieved














43

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

EMPOWERING

LOCAL COMMUNITIES

An integral part of GEAR’s growth and development is tied to our efforts in improving the quality of life of our local 

communities. As demonstrated below, by the various initiatives and our CSR management frameworks, GEAR has a 

long-term plan with targets that support local communities from a grassroots level. 

GEAR is aligned with Regulation No. 1824 (year 2018) regarding local community development as stipulated by 

ESDM. Furthermore, CSR activities by GEAR are in accordance with the local government’s CSR blueprint, with a focus 

on the 8 pillars: Education (Pendidikan), Health (Kesehatan), Real economy (Ekonomi riil), Self-reliance economy 

(Kemandirian ekonomi) , Infrastructure (Infrastruktur), Social, culture and religious (Sosial budaya dan agama), 

Environment (Lingkungan) and Institution (Kelembagaan). To make any CSR initiative meaningful, it is important 

to understand the needs of the local communities. We use a three-pronged approach that covers social needs 

assessments, aligns GEAR’s CSR with the region’s strategic plans, and collaborates with the local community and the 

government. This is shown in Figure 43.

Figure 43: GEMS’ approach towards CSR management

Figure 44: Milestone model

Organisational phase 

2013 – 2017

Capacity building phase 

2018 – 2022

Independence 

2023 – 2027

Sustainability

&gt; 2028

Initiation and 

Socialisation

Organisation

Development

Strengthening

Self-reliance

Exit Strategy

 Development of tripartite 

working plan between GEMS, 

the local community and the 

local government

 Setting of targets and success 

criteria

 Geographical mapping 

 Mapping of issues and 

resources 

 Mapping of needs 

 Mapping of village 

demographics

 Development of CSR blueprints 

with the local government 

 Development of five-yearly CSR 

plan 

 Development of annual CSR 

plan

Aligning of CSR 

programmes with the

region’s strategic plans

Synergy and technical

collaboration

Social Mapping


44

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

EMPOWERING

LOCAL COMMUNITIES





Education

• 

Provision of additional classrooms and classrooms renovations, 480 chairs 

and 480 study desks for 10 local schools in the community.

• 

Plastic waste reuse and recycling programme targeted at housewives to 

create economic and environmental value addition in households.

• 

Free of charge school bus for underprivileged children in the Mekarjaya 

village.





Health

• 

Provide free health examinations and services to the community in 

collaboration with the local health office and puskesmas inpatient (Public 

Health Centre) constructed by BIB.

• 

Healthcare education to the community, targeted at housewives on basic 

first aid in the event of an accident in the house before seeing the doctor.

• 

Provision of an ambulance for the inpatient Public Health Centre constructed 

by BIB.









Real economy, Self-reliance 

economy, Institution, 

Environment &amp; Infrastructure

• 

Provide capital and training to the fishing community of Bunati village on 

Kelulut honey cultivation and marketing strategy to supplement fishermen’s 

income.

• 

Organic paddy planting programme benefitting 3 groups of farmers from 

3 villages by increasing their income from growing healthier rice grains at 

lower planting cost.

• 

Vanilla farming enhancement programme benefitting 3 groups of farmers 

from 3 villages by increasing their income from improved quality and 

quantity of vanilla.

• 

Developed and constructed a 2-storey inpatient public health centre 

offering accessible and affordable healthcare services to the surrounding 

community.

• 

Geoelectric activity in searching for water sources in the Bunati village, 

aiding access to clean water for the surrounding community.

• 

Construction of water towers and distributing clean water to homes during 

periods of water shortage, benefitting over 1,000 families. Providing 

improved sanitation to schools in collaboration with local business owners.

• 

Community-based clean water supply management programme for 4 

villages.









Social, cultural 

and religious

• 

Provision of 1,100 copies of religious books to the villagers of 17 villages.

• 

Donations to underprivileged families during Hari Raya Haji for 17 villages.

• 

Groceries donations during Ramadhan to families of 17 villages and 

institutions.

CSR Blueprint Pillars

Community investments and initiatives in FY2019

Performance

In FY2019, GEAR implemented a range of CSR initiatives to meet the needs of local communities where we have 

presence in. Overall, our various initiatives have benefited over 754,908 members of our communities.

Figure 45: BIB’s community investment activities




45

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

EMPOWERING

LOCAL COMMUNITIES













Plant-A-Tree Programme

In FY2019, GEAR and its employees, together with their family members, participated in caring for the environment 

by planting coastal hill forest trees in Labrador Nature Reserve under the Plant-A-Tree Programme organised by 

the Garden City Fund. Garden City Fund was established in 2002 by the National Parks Board of Singapore with the 

vision to enhance green spaces, support conservation of urban biodiversity and engaging our community. 

Food Ration Packing &amp; Distribution Exercise

In the same year, as part of our caring for disadvantaged families programme, GEAR and its employees, in 

collaboration with Yong-en Care Centre, had also participated in a Food Ration Packing &amp; Distribution exercise, 

purchasing, packing and distributing food rations for 150 families residing at Banda Street in Chinatown, Singapore.










46

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

OUR HUMAN

CAPITAL



At GEAR, human capital is our greatest asset. As our mining business requires a significant number of human 

resources, we take pride in ensuring the well-being of our employees. We also acknowledge the competitive 

advantage of investing in the learning and skills development of our employees. GEAR strives to build and 

enhance the capabilities of our employees by providing ample opportunities for professional growth.






47

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

OUR HUMAN

CAPITAL

PROFILE OF OUR WORKFORCE

FY2019 recorded a slight increase to our workforce, from 355 employees in FY2018 to 378 in FY2019. These 

employees are mostly located in Indonesia, where BIB is located. In FY2019, there were 77 new hires and 54 

turnovers. 

The percentage of female employees increased from 16.3% in FY2018 to 18.5% in FY2019, considering mining 

typically attracts more male employees. The percentage of employees hired on a full-time basis with permanent 

contract12 increased from 71.5% in FY2018 to 75.7% in FY2019, and no employee was engaged for daily labour 

purposes13. 

Figure 46: Number and percentage of employees by gender

12 

Employment contract is defined as either permanent contract or temporary contract, according to GRI Standards. A permanent employment contract 

is a contract with an employee, for full-time or part-time work, for an indeterminate period. A fixed-term employment contract is an employment 

contract that ends when a specific time-period expires, or when a specific task that has a time estimate attached is completed. GEAR has no fixed-

term employees in Singapore.

13 

GEAR has no part-time employees in both Singapore and Indonesia.

Figure 47: Number and percentage of employees by employment category

FY2017

83.7%

83.7%

81.5%

16.3%

16.3%

18.5%

FY2018

FY2019

Male

Female

Total: 

378

Total: 

355

Total: 

306

Chief Executive Officer

Senior Managers

Business Unit Head

FY2018

FY2017

14.4%

17.7%

15.9%

11.8%

12.4%

10.3%

12.4%

11.3%

9.8%

55.9%

54.1%

59.5%

4.6%

3.7%

3.7%

0.7%

0.6%

0.5%

0.3%

0.3%

0.3%

FY2019

Percentage of Employees by Gender

Percentage of Employees by Employment Category

Supervisors

Tradesman

Middle Management

Staff


48

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

OUR HUMAN

CAPITAL

LOOKING AFTER OUR EMPLOYEES &amp; TALENT MANAGEMENT

As a labour-intensive industry, GEAR values and actively supports the growth and development of our employees. By 

offering competitive remuneration packages, medical insurance and other benefits, we continuously strive to build 

an employee-friendly organisation. 

In FY2019, training in BIB decreased from 13,640 hours in FY2018 to 8,736 hours for 141 participants in FY2019, 

consisting of tradesman, staff, middle management, and senior management. In FY2018, the employees of BIB 

attended courses with an average duration of over 3 to 5 days per training whereas in FY2019, the employees 

attended workshops of shorter duration. Fewer employees attended certification courses in FY2019 as these 

employees had attended the required certification courses in 2018. Our average training hours per employee is 

shown in Figures 50 to 52. 

Figure 48: Number of employees by employment contract (left) and employment type (right) in FY2019

Figure 49: Turnover by age group, gender and region in FY2019

&lt;30 years old

30-50 years old

&gt;50 years old

Indonesia

Singapore

Female

Female

Male

Male

26

18

4

1

Male

Female

Male

Female

Revenue Breakdown by Geographic Region

Revenue Breakdown by Geographic Region

Number of Employees by Employment Contact in FY2019

Number of Employees by Employment Type in FY2019

Turnover by Age Group, Gender and Region in FY2019

4

1

Singapore

Singapore

Permanent

Full-time

Permanent

Full-time

Fixed-term

Part-time

Fixed-term

Part-time

—

—

84

—

8

8

48

56

10

10

214

298

Indonesia

Indonesia

14

14




49

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

OUR HUMAN

CAPITAL

Figure 51: Average training hours by gender

FY2017

FY2017

5.0

4.4

40.8

37.4

23.7

40.4

4.3

7.5

7.4

44.9

29.3

65.1

FY2018

FY2018

FY2019

FY2019

Indonesia

Singapore

Male

Female

Average Training Hours by Geography

Average Training Hours by Gender

Figure 52: Average training hours by employment category

FY2017

2.3

132.4

56.1

4.0

22.1

3.3

31.1

49.2

3.9

65.9

76.0

—

FY2018

FY2019

Tradesman

Staff

Middle Management

Senior Management

Figure 50: Average training hours by geography

Average Training Hours by Employment Category


50

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

In-house employee training sessions organised by BIB

GEAR recognises the potential of all our employees and aims to foster a working environment conducive to 

professional development and growth. In FY2019, employees attended various certification courses and workshops 

organised in-house, co-conducted with reputable leading institutions. The workshops covered various aspects of BIB 

business operations and supported our employees in developing skills ranging from gaining the necessary tools for 

effective leadership to technical workshops reinforcing the understanding of key mining concepts and global trends. 

In FY2019, BIB organised the following training sessions to enhance the skill-set of our workforce and provide 

platforms for learning and professional development: 

Figure 53: Training sessions organised by BIB

Leadership Training Workshop – 

Becoming an Effective Leader &amp; 

Manager

Conducted by lecturers from Quantum Business International, participants 

were taught to develop fundamental skills needed to be a successful business 

leader and manager.

In-house training session on 

boiler technology

Keeping updated with the latest technology and developments, BIB’s Geo-

Services Department discussed the circulating fluidized bed boiler technology 

which has recently been considered to replace PC boilers due to PC boiler 

limitations to overcome the LRC combustion problem. 

Mining Workshop for Employees 

who are non-miners

62 employees participated in this in-house session to improve knowledge of the 

global mining industry and understand key mining concepts.

Sigma Workshop

Learn and understand the Six Sigma Green Belt project management concepts 

and application in the workplace. Participants ranged from Senior Specialists to 

Division Heads.

7 habits of highly effective 

people

Conducted by Dunamis Organization Services, employees learnt how to make 

better choices on how they manage their time, while learning to work effectively 

with colleagues to achieve greater efficiency and results. 

Stockpile Management and Coal 

Quality Workshop

Lecturers from the Singapore Chamber of Commerce Indonesia shared valuable 

insights on the best design principles to maintain the quality of the stockpile.

Workshop by Persiapan 

Sertifikasi Insinyur (“PPI”) 

Professional

As a requirement and preparation for engineers to face professional engineer 

examination as stated on PP No. 25/2019 (Indonesia regulation for professional 

engineer), lecturers from PPI, a leading institution for engineers in Indonesia 

supported 24 participants in preparation for their examination. 

Tender document preparation 

and contract draft

Personnel ranging from Specialists to Section Heads received training to improve 

their knowledge in the tendering process and its specifications.

In-house training presentation 

skills

48 employees participated to learn how to develop presentations that create 

maximum impact to audiences. 

Course title

Learning

OUR HUMAN

CAPITAL




51

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

OUR HUMAN

CAPITAL

Figure 58: Workshop by Persiapan Sertifikasi Insinyur 

Professional

Figure 54: Leadership Training Workshop

Figure 56: Mining Workshop for Employees who are 

Non-Miners

Figure 59: In-house training session on boiler 

technology

Figure 55: Six Sigma Workshop

Figure 57: Stockpile Management and Coal Quality 

Workshop


























52

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

LABOUR RELATIONS MANAGEMENT

GEAR is pleased to report that in FY2019, there were zero cases of strikes and lockouts – a welcome reflection of the 

mutual respect and positive working relations built within our working community.

At GEAR, we believe the general well-being of our employees is essential to create a strong foundation for good 

working values and ethics. Therefore, we strongly encourage all workers and supervisors alike to build a good 

rapport for open communication and dialogue and work closely to resolve any problems they face early-on. Workers 

are encouraged to further communicate with the Human Resources Department, and in the event the team of 

supervisors is unable to be resolved, it is brought up to GEAR’s Industrial Relations Team. The Industrial Relations 

Team is responsible for bringing relevant parties together in the event of a dispute, until a common understanding 

and a solution that is acceptable has been determined. 

In the case of a significant change in operational activity that may affect GEAR’s or BIB’s employees, our policy is 

to communicate a notice period at a minimum of one month in advance. BIB is in full compliance with Indonesian 

labour laws, as demonstrated by annual audits conducted by the Ministry of Labour and Transmigration. 

OUR HUMAN

CAPITAL




53

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

GOVERNANCE

AND ETHICS



Good governance is key to ensuring that a business runs responsibly and sustainably. We are committed 

to high standards of corporate governance which in turn sets the tone for management and operational 

protocols at GEAR. This enables us to drive a strong element of integrity within our day-to-day business 

interactions, supporting stability and productivity within the organisation.


54

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

GOVERNANCE

AND ETHICS

We have established a suite of policies in line with our core values, as shown in Figure 60. These policies undergo 

regular review by management to ensure its continued relevance to our business operations.

Figure 60: Our policies and core values

INTEGRITY

• 

Conscience

• 

Walking the talk

• 

Honesty

POSITIVE ATTITUDE

• 

Positive thinking

• 

Respecting and 

cooperating with others

• 

Positive work environment

COMMITMENT

• 

Enthusiasm

• 

Striving to be 

the best

• 

Follow up the 

work until 

completed

LOYALTY

• 

Buddy System

• 

Proud

• 

Dedication

INNOVATION

• 

Comparative study 

(benchmarking)

• 

Breakthrough

CONTINUOUS 

IMPROVEMENT

• 

Data accuracy

• 

Attention to costs

• 

Superior process

POLICIES

• 

Conflict of Interest

• 

Risk Management

• 

Whistle-blowing

• 

Code of Conduct

• 

Dealings in Securities




55

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

GOVERNANCE

AND ETHICS

WHISTLE-BLOWING

At GEAR, we recognise that having a good corporate governance requires a system that is transparent yet 

confidential. Transparency is needed in order to gain trust among workers, yet confidentiality remains crucial in 

protecting workers from reprisals. To achieve this, our organisation has established our whistle-blowing policy 

(Figure 61) – a platform for employees to raise their concerns about possible improprieties within the Group, as well 

as to assure our employees they will be protected from reprisals or victimisation for whistle-blowing in good faith 

without malice.  

Figure 61: Scope, process, safeguards and confidentiality of GEAR’s whistle-blowing policy

1. Breach of business conduct and 

ethics or omission;

2. Financial reporting and 

accounting practices which 

are not in line with generally 

accepted accounting practices 

and Singapore Exchange 

regulations;

3. Audit matters, internal 

accounting and operational 

controls which are not in 

line with generally accepted 

accounting or trade practices 

prescribed by the GEAR Group;

4. Criminal offences, unlawful 

and/or unethical acts, frauds, 

corruption, bribery and 

blackmail;

5. Failure to comply with legal or 

regulatory obligations;

6. Miscarriage of justice;

7. Endangering the health and 

safety of an individual; and

8. Concealment of any of the 

above.

9. This policy applies to all 

employees of GEAR Group.

1. Concerns are submitted to 

the Chairman of GEAR’s Audit 

Committee through e-mail, 

phone call or in writing (details 

can be found in GEAR’s website).

2. Within 14 days of raising a 

concern, the whistle-blower will 

be informed about who has 

been appointed to handle the 

matter, how he14 may contact 

the appointed person, and if he 

is required to provide further 

information.

3. Upon completion of 

investigation, the investigation 

officer will submit a full 

report of findings to the Audit 

Committee Chairman who will 

deliberate on the follow-up 

actions.

4. GEAR will release a copy of the 

report to the whistle-blower, 

including findings and follow-up 

actions.

5. GEAR endeavours to resolve the 

matter within one month from 

the receipt of the concern.

1. GEAR will ensure that the rights 

of any employee who raises 

matters of concern under 

this Policy in good faith are 

respected and protected.

2. GEAR will not tolerate any 

reprisals, discrimination, 

harassment, intimidation or 

victimisation of any employee 

raising a genuine concern.

3. GEAR will take reasonable 

steps to ensure that the 

identity of any employee 

making a disclosure will remain 

anonymous unless otherwise 

stated. However, there must 

be sufficient evidence to 

form a reasonable basis for 

investigation, and following 

which, a statement by the 

employee reporting the concern 

may be required to enable 

appropriate action to be taken.

4. GEAR will ensure that no 

employee shall be put at risk 

of suffering from any form of 

retribution as a result of raising 

a genuine concern, even if there 

is a mistake. However, this will 

not be extended to employees 

who maliciously raise matters 

which they know is untrue.

SCOPE 

OF POLICY

PROCEDURE 

OF POLICY 

SAFEGUARDS AND 

CONFIDENTIALITY

14 

 Word importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders.


56

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

GOVERNANCE

AND ETHICS

Performance

As a testament to our sound corporate governance and ethics, there were zero cases of corruption, fraud or non-com-

pliance reported with all applicable laws and regulations in FY2019, a record that we aim to maintain every year. In 

the same year, our subsidiary, GEMS, continued to receive “The IICD Corporate Governance Award” in the category of 

top 50 largest publicly listed companies by market capitalisation, for the 7th consecutive year since 2013, as shown in 

Figure 62 below.

Figure 62: GEMS attainment of the Indonesian Institute for Corporate Directorship (“IICD”) Corporate Governance 

Award













































Zero cases of corruption, fraud or non-compliance reported with all applicable laws and regulations

FY2019 Target Achieved










57

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE 

(“GRI”) INDEX

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section of Report

Page Reference

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

GRI 102:

General 

Disclosures

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE

102-1

Name of the organisation

About Golden Energy and Resources

3

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and 

services

About Golden Energy and Resources

3

102-3

Location of headquarters

About Golden Energy and Resources

3

102-4

Location of operations

About Golden Energy and Resources

3

102-5

Ownership and legal form

About Golden Energy and Resources

3

102-6

Markets served

Economic Performance

5

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Economic Performance

4-6

Profile of our Workforce

47-48

102-8

Information on employees and 

other workers

Profile of our Workforce

47-48

102-9

Supply chain

Engaging our Stakeholders

8-9

102-10

Significant changes to the 

organisation and its supply chain

Not Applicable

—

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

Governance and Ethics

53-55

102-12

External initiatives

NIL

—

102-13

Membership of associations

Asosiasi Perusahaan Batubara 

Indonesia

—

STRATEGY

102-14

Statement from senior decision– 

maker

Board Statement

2

INTERGRITY

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and 

norms of behaviour

Governance and Ethics

53

GOVERNANCE

102-18

Governance structure

Board Statement

2

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Engaging Our Stakeholders

8-9

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Not Applicable

—

102-42

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders

Engaging Our Stakeholders

8-9

102-43

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement

Engaging Our Stakeholders

8-9

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Engaging Our Stakeholders

8-9


58

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE 

(“GRI”) INDEX

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements

Annual Report 2019

105-107

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries

About This Report

Inside front cover

Focusing on What Matters Most

10-11

102-47

List of material topics

Focusing on What Matters Most

11

102-48

Restatements of information

Not applicable

—

102-49

Changes in reporting

Not applicable

—

102-50

Reporting period

1 January 2019 – 31 December 2019

—

102-51

Date of most recent report

GEAR’s 2018 Sustainability Report

—

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

—

102-53

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report

About This Report

Inside front cover

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance 

with the GRI Standards

About This Report

Inside front cover

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index

57-60

102-56

External assurance

GEAR 

has 

not 

sought 

external 

assurance for this report.

—

TOPIC SPECIFIC GRI STANDARDS DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: ECONOMIC

MATERIAL ASPECT: INDIRECT ECONOMIC IMPACTS

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

Empowering Local Communities

42

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Empowering Local Communities

42-45

103-3

Evaluation 

of 

the 

management 

approach

Empowering Local Communities

42-45

GRI 203: 

Indirect 

Economic 

Impacts 2016

203-1

Infrastructure 

investments 

and 

services supported

Empowering Local Communities

44

CATEGORY: ENVIRONMENTAL

MATERIAL ASPECT: ENERGY

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

Energy Consumption and Greenhouse 

Gas Emissions

33

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Energy Consumption and Greenhouse 

Gas Emissions

33-35

103-3

Evaluation 

of 

the 

management 

approach

Energy Consumption and Greenhouse 

Gas Emissions

33-35

GRI 302: 

Energy 2016

302-1

Energy consumption within the 

organisation

Energy Consumption and Greenhouse 

Gas Emissions

34-35

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section of Report

Page Reference




59

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE 

(“GRI”) INDEX

MATERIAL ASPECT: BIODIVERSITY

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

Land Management

37

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Land Management

37-38

103-3

Evaluation 

of 

the 

management 

approach

Land Management

37-38

GRI G4: Mining 

and Metals

MM1

Amount of land (owned or leased, 

and 

managed 

for 

production 

activities or extractive use) Disturbed 

or Rehabilitated

Land Management

38

MATERIAL ASPECT: EMISSIONS

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

Energy Consumption and Greenhouse 

Gas Emissions

33

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Energy Consumption and Greenhouse 

Gas Emissions

33-35

103-3

Evaluation 

of 

the 

management 

approach

Energy Consumption and Greenhouse 

Gas Emissions

33-35

GRI 305: 

Emissions

2016

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Energy Consumption and Greenhouse 

Gas Emissions

34

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG 

emissions

Energy Consumption and Greenhouse 

Gas Emissions

35

305-7

Nitrogen 

oxides 

(NOx), 

sulphur 

oxides (SOx), and other significant 

air emissions

Air Quality Management

30-32

MATERIAL ASPECT: EFFLUENTS AND WASTE

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

Solid Waste Management;

36

Water Resource Management

39

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Solid Waste Management;

36-37

Water Resource Management

39-41

103-3

Evaluation 

of 

the 

management 

approach

Solid Waste Management;

36-37

Water Resource Management

39-41

GRI 306: 

Effluents and 

Waste 2016

306-1

Water discharge by quality and 

destination

Water Resource Management

39-41

GRI G4: 

Mining and 

Metals

MM3

Total 

amounts 

of 

overburden, 

rock, tailings, and sludges and their 

associated risks

Solid Waste Management

36

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section of Report

Page Reference


60

GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE 

(“GRI”) INDEX

MATERIAL ASPECT: CLOSURE PLANNING

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

Land Management

37

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Land Management

37-38

103-3

Evaluation 

of 

the 

management 

approach

Land Management

38

GRI G4: 

Mining and 

Metals

MM10

Number 

and 

percentage 

of 

operations with closure plans

Land Management

38

CATEGORY: SOCIAL

MATERIAL ASPECT: LABOUR MANAGEMENT RELATIONS

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

Labour Relations Management

52

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Labour Relations Management

52

103-3

Evaluation 

of 

the 

management 

approach

Labour Relations Management

52

GRI G4: 

Mining and 

Metals

MM4

Number of strikes and lock-outs 

exceeding one week’s duration, by 

country

Labour Relations Management

52

MATERIAL ASPECT: OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

Occupational Health and Safety

19

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Occupational Health and Safety

19-28

103-3

Evaluation 

of 

the 

management 

approach

Occupational Health and Safety

19-28

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety 2018

403-1

Occupational 

health 

and 

safety 

management system

Occupational Health and Safety

19

403-2

Hazard 

identification, 

risk 

assessment, 

and 

incident 

investigation

Occupational Health and Safety

20

403-3

Occupational health services

Occupational Health and Safety

22

403-4

Worker participation, consultation 

and communication on occupational 

health and safety

Occupational Health and Safety

20-21

403-5

Worker training on occupational 

health and safety

Occupational Health and Safety

21

403-6

Promotion on worker health

Occupational Health and Safety

22

403-7

Prevention 

and 

mitigation 

of 

occupational 

health 

and 

safety 

impacts directly linked by business 

relationships

Not applicable

—

403-9

Work-related injuries

Occupational Health and Safety

24

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section of Report

Page Reference




GOLDEN ENERGY AND RESOURCES LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)

(Company Registration No: 199508589E)

20 Cecil Street

#05-05 PLUS 

Singapore 049705 

(65) 6838 7500

(65) 6284 0074

www.gear.com.sg

