
1 | P a g e 

 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore 

Company Registration No. 200405522N 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



SUSTAINABLITY 



REPORT 


2 | P a g e 

 



 

LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN / CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

 

The Board of Goodland Group Limited and its subsidiaries (“Goodland” or the 

“Group”) is pleased to present our inaugural Sustainability Report for the 

financial year ended 30 September 2018. 

 

The Board recognizes that sustainability is intrinsic to our business at both the 

strategic and operational levels. 

 

Goodland started a systematic approach to sustainability.  In 2006, the Group 

received both ISO 9001:2000 certification for its quality management system 

and OHSAS 18001 certification for its occupational health and safety 

management system.  We are currently ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015 

(environmental management system) and OHSAS 18001:2007 certified.  

 

In 2015, we received further independent assessment of our conscious effort in 

adopting environmentally friendly and gracious practices during the project 

construction phase by our participation in the Green and Gracious Building 

Scheme (GGBS) under the Building and Construction Authority of Singapore 

(BCA). Since, then, we have participated in GGBS annually. 

 

On the community investment side, we continued to make our contribution, 

which include SGX’s Bull Charge Charity Golf as well as Wat Ananda 

Metyarama Thai Buddhist Temple’s 100 years anniversary celebration and the 

building of its Buddhist temple in Chiang Rai. 

 

We aim to be highly disciplined in our sustainability commitments, and at the 

same time strive for continuous improvement. As we progress in sustainability 

reporting, we strive to provide stakeholders with a more comprehensive 

picture of how we operate and bring into sight the risks and opportunities 

which can be better managed for future returns. 

 

 

On behalf of the Board, 

 

 

 

Ben Tan Chee Beng 

 

 

 

Dr. Alvin Tan Chee Tiong 

Executive Chairman 

 

 

 

Chief Executive Officer 

 

 

30 September 2019 

 

 


3 | P a g e 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



1. 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

4 

2. 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

4 

3. 

ABOUT THE REPORT 

 

4 

4. 

FEEDBACK 

 

4 

5. 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

4 

6. 

GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE 

 

5 

7. 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

5 

8. 

SUSTAINABILTY FACTORS, RISKS, OPPORTUNITIES, GOALS AND 

TARGETS  

 

6 

 

 

8.1 

ENVIRONMENT FACTORS 

 

6 

8.2 

SOCIAL FACTORS 

 

7 

8.3 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

9 

8.4      PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT 

9 

9. 

INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE 

11 

10. 

SUMMARY 

11 

11. 

GRI INDEX CHECKLIST 

12 



SUSTAINABLITY REPORT 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 


4 | P a g e 

 



1. 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

Goodland Group Limited and together with its subsidiaries (“Goodland” or the “Group”) 

is a property developer specializing in residential, commercial and industrial 

developments. Goodland’s segments include property development, construction and 

property investment. The property development segment is engaged in developing 

properties for sale. The construction segment is engaged in constructing residential and 

commercial properties. The property investment segment is engaged in investing in 

properties for leasing income and capital appreciation. Goodland’s geographical 

segments include Singapore, Malaysia and Cambodia. We plan to increase its footprint 

in the residential, commercial and industrial property segments, and is strategically 

placed for sustained growth for years to come. 

2. 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Goodland Group Limited and together with its 

subsidiaries (the “Group”) is committed to sustainability and recognises the important 

role that sustainability has played in helping achieve our mission of “Goodland, Good 

Living”. The Board considers sustainability issues in our long-term strategy formulation. 

Managing sustainability allows us to safeguard the well-being of and deliver long-term 

value to our stakeholders.  

 

3. 

ABOUT THE REPORT 

 

This sustainability report describes the Goodland’s commitment towards sustainability in 

its business practices. This report is to be read in conjunction with its financial statements 

for the financial year 2018 and addresses the Group’s material environmental, social and 

governance (“ESG”) topics during the period. 

 

No hard copies of this report have been printed as part of our efforts to promote 

environmental conservation. 

 

Reporting Scope 

 

In this report, we have scoped in the development properties located in Singapore, 

which include a mixed development comprising residential apartments and commercial 

shops at the first storey and landed terrace houses. 

 

Reporting Standard 

 

This report complies with the SGX-ST Listing Rules 711A and 711B and is with reference to 

the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards.  

 

4. 

FEEDBACK 

 

We welcome your feedback to help us improve our performance in sustainability and 

meet stakeholder’s expectations. Please send your feedback to the Sustainability 

Committee at goodland@goodlandgroup.com.sg.    

 

5. 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

The Group’s efforts on sustainability are focused on creating sustainable value for our 

key stakeholders, which comprise customers, community, employees, regulators, 

shareholders and suppliers. For each material factor identified, key stakeholders are 

determined based on the extent of which they can affect or are affected by operations 

of the Group. 

 

 


5 | P a g e 

 



We actively engage our key stakeholders through the following channels: 

 

S/N 

KEY STAKEHOLDER 

ENGAGEMENT CHANNEL 

1 

Customers 

Customers 

can 

send 

their 

feedback 

by 

contacting 

us 

at 

goodland@goodlandgroup.com.sg.  

 

2 

Community  

 

We welcome feedback on minimising the social and environmental 

impacts to the communities in which we operate by contacting us at 

goodland@goodlandgroup.com.sg.  

 

The Group participates in philanthropic activities through its Corporate 

Social Responsibility efforts. 

 

3 

Employees 

Senior management regularly communicates with employees for effective 

flow of information and alignment of business goals, including emails, staff 

meetings, induction programmes and annual staff evaluation sessions, 

whereby employees can pose questions in person. 

 

4 

Regulators 

Channels for information exchange between regulators and the Group on 

proposed regulatory changes that impact on the Group’s business are 

widely available, including helpdesks, email and websites. 

 

5 

Investors 

The Group conveys timely, full and credible information to shareholders 

through 

announcements 

on 

SGXNET, 

the 

Group’s 

website 

goodlandgroup.listedcompany.com, investor relations email account 

goodland@goodlandgroup.com.sg, 

annual 

general 

meetings, 

extraordinary general meetings (where necessary), annual reports and 

other channels such as business publications. 

 

6 

Suppliers  

The Group works closely with suppliers to ensure smooth delivery of 

products. In general, new suppliers are screened in accordance with the 

purchasing policies and existing suppliers are assessed by respective work 

teams based on specified criteria. Feedback is also provided by the 

procurement teams to suppliers to ensure standards of products or services 

delivered by suppliers. 

 

 

Through the above channels, the Group seeks to understand the views of key 

stakeholders, communicate effectively with them and respond to their concerns. 

 

6. 

GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE  

 

The Group’s sustainability strategy is developed and directed by the senior management 

in consultation with the Board of Directors. 

 

The Group’s Sustainability Committee, formed by the senior management, led by the 

Group’s Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), is tasked to develop the sustainability strategy, 

and drive sustainability efforts across the whole Group via the following process: 

 

1. 

Reviewing the ESG factors identified as material to our business;  

2. 

Considering stakeholder priorities;  

3. 

Setting goals and targets;  

4. 

Measurement performance data; and 

5. 

Monitoring and reviewing performance on a regular basis. 

 

7. 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

The Sustainability Committee (“SC”) conducted materiality assessment through 

meetings and discussions to identify, prioritise and validate ESG topics that are material 

the Group.   In prioritising the material ESG factors, the SC considered the likelihood and 

potential impact of issues affecting business continuity and development as well as 

environment and social impacts to stakeholders. 

 

 


6 | P a g e 

 



The SC identified 9 factors which are material to the Group listed in the table 7.1 below. 

These factors will be the focus of this inaugural sustainability report.   

 

The material topics are identified are as follows:  

 

  Table 7.1 – Material ESG Topics 

ESG FACTOR 

MATERIAL TOPIC 

Environmental 

Energy and water consumption efficiency  

Waste Management {Reduce, Reuse, Recycle} 

Implement green practices 

Social 

Noise, vibration and air pollution management 

Prevention / Reduction of accidents / incidents 

Site workforce management 

Supplier chain 

Talent Retention 

Corporate social responsibility (“CSR”) 

Governance 

Anti-corruption  

Compliance with legal and other requirements 

 

8. 

SUSTAINABILTY FACTORS, RISKS, OPPORTUNITIES, GOALS AND TARGETS  

 

In today’s multi-faceted business climate, effective risk management is required to 

achieve continuous profitable growth. As such, ESG factors are thoughtfully considered 

before being integrated into the Group’s organisational decision-making processes. 

 

8.1 

Environmental Factors 

 

The Group is committed to minimising its environmental impact as a real estate owner, 

developer and manager. It believes that lowering the environmental footprint of its 

buildings through innovation creates value for its stakeholders. 

 

The incorporates environmental sustainability in our projects, from feasibility, design, 

procurement, construction, operation to redevelopment. Monitoring environmental 

impacts is integral to its business operations, as efficient use of environmental resources 

such as energy and water contributes to the operational efficiency and long-term 

sustainability of the company. 

 

We strive to improve our environmental performance over time and to initiate additional 

projects and activities that will further reduce the impact of the Group’s activities on the 

environment and the public. 

 

Our commitment to the environment extends to our customers, staff and the community 

in which we operate.   We are committed to: 

• minimise or prevent pollution and ensure that working environment is kept clean and 

in good order at all times whenever possible 

• train all staff on our environmental management program and empower them to 

contribute and participate 

• continually improve over time by measuring and monitoring our environmental 

impacts 

• communicate our green and gracious builder commitment and efforts to our 

customers, staff and our community 

• minimise the social impact of our activities and avoid damage to the environment 

through regular audits 

• care and consideration for the safety of site personnel, visitors and the general public 

• understand, implement and comply with all applicable environmental regulations  


7 | P a g e 

 



Energy 

 

The Group’s efforts on mitigating energy consumption include: 

• use of energy saving equipment such as the use of solar panel to power equipment 

such as the noise monitoring equipment 

• efficient design of site office/work 

• alternating use of AC Grid power supply and diesel-powered generators 

 

Water 

 

The Group’s efforts on mitigating water consumption include: 

• 

use of treated re-cycled water for cleaning purposes on site 

• 

provision of perimeter drains, silt traps, and sealing up of gaps at the base of 

hoardings to help contain surface run-off within the site 

 

Waste 

 

The Group’s efforts on managing waste include: 

• 

continuously monitoring building materials requirement throughout the project 

• 

consolidation and re-use of used building materials for future projects 

 

8.2 

Social Factors 

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

 

Occupational health and safety (OHS) of our staff, tenants, contractors, suppliers and 

the communities who use its properties, is of utmost importance to the Group. Effective 

OHS management is part of risk management and deemed to enhance staff 

productivity and morale.  The Group’s efforts on public safety include the use of proper 

full-height hoarding of the construction site, provision of site safety information and 

sufficient signages to visitors and the use of traffic cones or barriers to raise awareness of 

construction activities 

 

Noise and Vibrations 

 

The Group’s efforts on reducing noise and vibrations includes: 

• 

installation of instruments to manage noise and vibration levels 

• 

use newer equipment/machinery to achieve lower noise emissions 

 

Supply Chain 

 

Building materials are purchased by contractors. As such, the Group has limited control 

over the type and quantity of materials purchased for the development projects. Instead, 

the scope of disclosure for materials is confined to areas it has operational control: the 

promoting of responsible sourcing practices along the supply chain, and to encourage 

the use of eco-friendly and recycled materials.  For example, we used green products 

that are certified by PSB Singapore for construction, such as Davco Eco-friendly 

waterproofing and plastering, tile adhesive &amp; etc. 

 

Talent Retention  

 

Goodland advocates and invests in the development of employees to fulfil their 

potential and contribute towards the progress of the Group, including the sponsorship of 

degree and diploma programmes. Our employees are encouraged to attend 

conferences and seminars to acquire knowledge to meet their relevant work 

requirements. Goodland conducts In-house training regularly to enhance employee’s 

understanding of the Group’s products and operations and to align staff with the 

Group’s objectives. 


8 | P a g e 

 

Community 

 

The Group’s social and relationship capital can be built up through community 

investments. In the longer term, this strengthens the Group’s social licence to operate 

and ability to deliver sustainable value.  We are committed to continually engaging our 

employees in our corporate social responsibilities efforts and recreational activities that 

build team work. 

 

In giving back to the community, Goodland: 

 

• 

joined in the celebration of the 100 Years Anniversary of the Wat Ananda Metyarama 

Thai Buddhist Temple, the oldest Thai Buddhist temple in Singapore; which was 

attended by honourable guests Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong &amp; Ms  Indranee Rajah. 

The temple gives back to the youth community and donated wheel chairs to Kwong 

Wai Shiu Hospital.  The Group contributed S$50,000 to the Temple donation fund. 

 

• 

contributed S$30,000 to the building fund of a Meditation House for Wat Ananda 

Metyarama Thai Buddhist Temple in Chiang Rai.  

 

• 

participated in the Food Fiesta 2017 at Ren Ci Community Hospital on Sunday 1 

October 2017, whereby management, staff and their families attended. The Group 

contributed S$5,000 at this event.  

 

 

 

• 

contributed S$2,000 to the SGX Bull Charge Charity Golf event. 

 

• 

contributed RM50,000 to the Back to School 2017 Program to underprivileged parents 

in Perak, where the Group has a business presence, to aid in the purchase of the 

school necessities for their kids in preparation of starting the school term. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






9 | P a g e 

 



8.3 

Corporate Governance 

Goodland is committed to ensuring and maintaining a high standard of corporate 

governance and business conduct to safeguard the interests of its stakeholders. We are 

dedicated to uphold integrity and honesty in our operations.  The Board acknowledges 

that it is responsible for the governance of risks and the overall internal control framework, 

but recognises that no cost effective internal control system will preclude all errors and 

irregularities, as the system is designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure 

to achieve business objectives, and can provide only reasonable and not absolute 

assurance against the occurrence of material errors, poor judgment in decision-making, 

human errors, losses, fraud or other irregularities. The Board will, on a continuing basis, 

endeavour to further enhance and improve the Group’s system of internal controls and 

risk management policies. 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

 

The Group has incorporated “whistle blowing” procedures as part of the Group’s system 

of internal controls. This is to provide a channel for employees of the Group to report in 

good faith and in confidence, without fear of reprisals, concerns about possible 

improprieties in financial reporting and other matters. The objective of the policy is to 

ensure that there is independent investigation of such matters and that appropriate 

follow up actions will be taken.  For FY2018, there were no reports received. 

 

In addition, the Group’s sets out expectations of employees in relation to issues such as 

fraud, conflicts of interest and anti-competitive conduct in the employees’ handbook.  

For FY2018, the Group achieved the target of zero confirmed incidents of concerning 

employees or business partners.  

 

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS &amp; REGULATIONS 

 

The Group adheres to the Code of Corporate Governance 2012, listing rules and 

regulations set out by SGX, the MAS Securities and Futures Act, the Singapore Code of 

Advertising Practice, the Personal Data Protection Act, as well as all other applicable 

laws and regulations. 

 

For our developments, the Group is subject to regulations administered by Urban 

Redevelopment Authority (URA), Building and Construction Authority (BCA), National 

Environment Agency (NEA), Public Utilities Board (PUB), Land Transport Authority (LTA) 

and others. 

 

There were no incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations, including 

environmental regulations and marketing guidelines, resulting in significant fines or 

sanctions in FY2018. 

 

8.4 

Performance Measurement 

The factors identified and the corresponding performance measurement during the 

financial year ended 30 September 2018 are shown in Table 8.1 below. 

 

We have set the same qualitative and quantitative sustainability targets for FY2019, as 

shown in Table 8.1 below. 

 

 


10 | P a g e 

 

Table 8.1 - Performance Measurement of ESG Topics 

Implement green 

practices

Use green building materials to minimize 

negative impact on the environment

Noise, vibration and air 

pollution management

Minimise nuisance to the public

Prevention / Reduction of 

accidents / incidents

Minimise reportable incidents/accidents

Site workforce 

management

Provision of welfare facilities on project sites, 

e.g. drinking water, acceptable and clean 

sanitation facilities.

Supply Chian

Encourage the use of green products by 

suppliers and contractors

Talent Retention

Provide in-house training and encourage staff 

to attend courses and seminars, etc to equip 

them to perform their roles more effectivelly

Corporate social 

responsibility (“CSR”)

Contribute to the community through CSR 

actions. 

Performance of services 

and products

Minimise project products/services rejects

Anti-Corruption

Legal compliance

Compliance with legal 

and other requirements 

Legal compliance

Davco's eco-friendly waterproofing and 

plasteringthat, certified by PSB Singapore, were 

used by some of our contractors for our 

development projects. 

ASSESSMENT OF 

ACTUAL PERFORMANCE 

IN FY2018

Reduce utilities consumption by 3%

Reduce concrete, re-bars wastage by 3%

TARGET

The actual overall consumption for electricity, 

diesel and water for the projects listed on 

Paragraph 3 were less than projected 

consumption by more than 3%.

The actual overall wastage of concrete and re-

bars for the projects listed on Paragraph 3 were 

less than projected wastage by more than 3%.

Use of green products in all our development projects

Zero complaints on noise, vibration and dust from 

interested parties

Zero fatality / major accidents

Green

products

that

are

certified

by

PSB

Singapore

for construction were used at

our

development

projects,

such

as

Davco

Eco-

friendly waterproofing and plastering.

No complaints received from the public on noise,

vibration and dust. In part due to the use of

newer equipment with lower noise emission.

Social

Governance

Provision of clean drinking water, proper work 

wear and foot wear and portable toilets or 

temporary toilets at construction sites.

See Paragraph 6.2

No major confirmed incidents reported.

No major confirmed incidents reported.

Provision of welfare facilities on all project sites.

100% completion of project on time

All construction pojects were completed within 

the contractual period.

No fatality nor major accidents during the period.

Participate in 1 or more CSR activity with company-wide 

staff participation each year

No major confirmed incidents.

No major confirmed incidents.

Send at least 1 staff from each department for course or 

seminar every year.

Training target was achieved.

Actively source for suppliers and/or  contractors who 

provide green products/materials  for development 

projects

ESG FACTOR

POLICY - RISKS AND 

OPPORTUNITIES

GOAL

Environmental

Reduce utilities consumption - electricity, 

diesel, water 

Energy and water 

consumption efficiency 

Waste Management 

{Reduce, Reuse, Recycle}

Reduce wastage

 


11 | P a g e 

 



9. 

INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE 

 

Goodland strived, where applicable, to align its policies and practices to international 

standards. In reporting on sustainability, care is taken to give an accurate and balanced 

view. For this purpose, the Group has obtained independent assessment by external 

professionals to obtain the following certifications: 

 

Certification 

 

Description 

 

• 

ISO 9001:2015  

 

Quality Management Systems 

 

• 

ISO 14001:2015  

 

Environmental Management Systems 

 

• 

OHSAS 18001:2007  

Occupational Health and Safety Management 

 

In addition, Goodland participated in the following schemes: 

 

Certification 

 

Description 

 

• 

Green and Gracious  

Environment protection and gracious practices 

Builder Scheme (GGBS)  

by the Building and  

Construction Authority  

of Singapore (BCA)  

 

• 

BizSafe Star by Ministry  

Workplace Safety and Health 

of Manpower (MOM) 

 

*BCA – Building and Construction Authority of Singapore 

*MOM – Ministry of Manpower, Singapore 

 

 

10. 

SUMMARY 

 

The Board recognizes that sustainability is intrinsic to our business at both the strategic 

and operational levels.  We aim to be highly disciplined in our sustainability commitments, 

and at the same time strive for continuous improvement. As we progress in sustainability 

reporting, we strive to provide stakeholders with a more comprehensive picture of how 

we operate and bring into sight the risks and opportunities which can be better 

managed for future returns. 

 

 

 


12 | P a g e 

 



GRI INDEX CHECKLIST  

 

GRI Standards (2016)  

 

 

 

 

Notes/Page number(s) 

General Disclosures 

Organisational Profile 

 

102-1  

Name of the organisation  

Goodland Group Limited 

 

102-2  

Activities, brands, products, and services  

Corporate Profile 

 

 

Projects in FY2018, page 96 - 97 

 

102-3  

Location of headquarter  

Corporate Information, page 24 

 

 

Financial Statements, pages 57 

 

102-4  

Location of operations  

Corporate Information, page 24 

 

 

Financial Statements, page 86 - 88 

 

102-5  

Ownership and legal form  

Corporate Information, page 24 

 

 

Financial Statements, page 85 - 90 

 

102-6  

Markets served  

Financial Statements, pages 86 - 88, 107 - 108 

 

102-7  

Scale of the organisation  

Financial &amp; Operational Review, page 4 - 9 

                                                                                                                    Financial Statements, page 51 - 56 

 

 

 

102-8  

Information on employees and other workers  

Sustainability report (Talent Retention), Page 7 

The Group did not have any significant  

 

 

variation in employment numbers.                                                           

 

102-9  

Supply chain  

Sustainability report, page 7 

 

102-10 

Significant changes to organisation and its  

No significant changes during FY2018. 

 

supply chain 

 

102-11  

Precautionary principle or approach  

The Group does not specifically address  

 

 

the principles of the Precautionary approach. 

 

102-12  

External initiatives  

Sustainability report, page 11 

 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Real Estate Developers’ Association of  

 

 

Singapore (REDAS) 

 

 

Singapore Business Federation (SBF) 

 

 

 

Strategy 

 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker  

Board Statement, page 6 - 9 

 

 

Ethics and Integrity 

 

102-16  

Values, principles, standards, and 

Board Statement, page 6 - 9 

 

norms of behaviour 

Corporate Governance Report, page 26 - 42 

 

Governance 

 

102-18  

Governance structure  

Board Statement, page 26 - 35 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

102-40  

List of stakeholder groups  

Sustainability report , page 5 

 

102-41  

Collective bargaining agreements  

There are no collective bargaining  

 

 

agreements in place at the Group 

 

102-42  

Identifying and selecting stakeholders  

Sustainability report , page 5 

 

102-43  

Approach to stakeholder engagement  

Sustainability report , page 5 

 

102-44  

Key topics and concerns raised  

Sustainability report , page 6 - 8 

 


13 | P a g e 

 



Reporting Practice 

 

102-45  

Entities included in the consolidated 

Financial Statements, page 51 - 56 

 

financial statements 

 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

Sustainability report , page 6 - 8 

 

boundaries 

All ESG factors are relevant within our 

                                                                                                                    organisation only 

 

 

 

102-47  

List of material topics  

Sustainability report , page 6 - 8 

 

102-48  

Restatements of information  

Not applicable 

 

102-49  

Changes in reporting  

Not applicable 

 

102-50  

Reporting period  

1 October 2017 – 30 September 2018 

 

102-51  

Date of most recent report  

Not applicable 

 

102-52  

Reporting cycle  

Annual 

 

102-53  

Contact point for questions regarding the  

Sustainability report , page 4 

 

report 

 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with GRI 

Sustainability report , page 4 

 

Standards 

 

102-55 

GRI content index  

Sustainability report , page 12 - 14 

 

102-56 

External assurance  

Sustainability report, page 11 

 

Management Approach 

 

103-1  

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Sustainability report, page 5 - 10 

                   Boundary  

Materiality and management initiatives are 

 

 

discussed within the section for each  

 

103-2  

The management approach and its  

material factor 

 

 

components 

 

103-3  

Evaluation of the management approach 

 

Material Topics 

 

Anti-corruption 

 

205-1  

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Sustainability report , page 8 

 

 

205-2  

Communication and training on anti-corruption 

Sustainability report , page 8 

                  policies and procedures 

 

 

205-3  

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

Sustainability report , page 8 

 

taken 

 

Energy 

 

302-1  

Energy consumption within the organisation  

Sustainability report , page 6 - 7 

 

302-3  

Energy intensity  

Sustainability report , page 6 - 7 

 

 

Energy disclosed in this report refers to 

 

 

purchased electricity only 

Water 

 

303-1 

Water withdrawal by source 

Sustainability report , page 6 - 7 

 

 

The only water used by the Group is  

 

 

public utilities water 

 

303-3 

Water intensity 

Sustainability report , page 6 - 7 

 

 

 

 

 


14 | P a g e 

 



Supplier Environmental Assessment 

 

308-1 

New suppliers that were screened using  

Sustainability report, page 7 

 

environmental criteria 

 

 

Environmental Compliance 

 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws  

Sustainability report , page 9 

 

and regulations 

 

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury,  

Sustainability report , page 7 

 

absenteeism, and number of work-related  

 

fatalities 

 

Training and Education 

 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading employee skills  

Sustainability report, page 7 

 

 

 

 

Supplier Social Assessment 

 

414-1 

New suppliers that were screened using  

Sustainability report, page 7 

 

Customer Health and Safety 

 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning  

Sustainability report, page 7 

 

the health and safety impacts of products  

 

and services 

 

Marketing and Labelling 

 

417-3 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning  

Sustainability report, page 9 

 

marketing communications  

 

 

Socioeconomic Compliance 

 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations  

Sustainability report, page 9 

 

in the social and economic area 

 

 

 

 

 

