
1 | P a g e 

 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore 

Company Registration No. 200405522N 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





SUSTAINABLITY 



REPORT 



 



FY2021 


2 | P a g e 

 

 

 

 

 

LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN AND THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

 

The Board of Goodland Group Limited and its subsidiaries (“Goodland” or the “Group”) is 

pleased to present Sustainability Report (“Report”) for the financial year ended 30 September 

2021 (“FY2021”). 

 

We are actively integrating sustainability principles into the business in achieving the mission of 

“Goodland, Good Living”. The Board believes sustainability is essential in business strategy to 

driving long term growth and prosperity for Goodland. 

 

Our effort in taking care of the environment by constantly exploring green technologies and 

methods to reduce water and energy consumption in day-to day operation aim to conserve 

our natural resources. We are also committed to enhance public safety, reduce noise and 

vibration, and power management on site.  

 

We believe in giving back to the society is part of our responsibility. A business is sustainable if 

we have support from the community.  We continue to make our contribution by making 

donation and taking part in charity activities to non-profit organisations and temples to help 

with the less fortunate. We continue to maintain high standards of corporate governance for 

the benefits of our shareholder.  

 

The global outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic has inevitably impacted all trades in Singapore 

and the rest of the world. In addition to the Delta variant of the COVID-19 virus, a 

potentially more contagious variant, which has since been termed the Omicron 

variant, has emerged. The Singapore Government implemented a series of measures to 

reduce and slow the transmission of the virus; and various financing support have also been 

introduced to help Singapore businesses. Necessary safety measurements have been 

implemented at our construction sites, commercial and industrial buildings to ensure the 

wellbeing of our employees, our tenants and visitors to our properties. The Group is actively 

monitoring the impact of the pandemic outbreak. 

 

The Group endeavours to continually improve our sustainability practices as we progress. We 

welcome 

feedback 

from 

our 

stakeholders. 

Please 

send 

your 

feedback 

to 

goodland@goodlandgroup.com.sg. 

 

To conserve the environment, no hard copies of this Report is printed. We have uploaded a 

digital copy on our website at www.goodlandgroup.com.sg. 

 

 

On behalf of the Board, 

 

 

Ben Tan Chee Beng 

 

 

 

Dr. Alvin Tan Chee Tiong 

Executive Chairman  

 

 

Chief Executive Officer 

 

 

3 January 2022 

 

 


3 | P a g e 

 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



1. 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

4 

2. 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

4 

3. 

ABOUT THE REPORT 

 

4 

4. 

FEEDBACK 

 

5 

5. 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

5 

6. 

STAKEHOLDER CONCERNS 

 

6 

7. 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

6 

8. 

SUSTAINABILTY FACTORS, RISKS, OPPORTUNITIES, GOALS AND TARGETS 

 

 

8.1 

ENVIRONMENT FACTORS 

 

7 

8.2 

SOCIAL FACTORS 

 

8 

8.3 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

10 

8.4      PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT 

10 

9. 

RESPONSE TO COVID-19 

 

12 

10. 

INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE 

12 

11. 

SUMMARY 

12 

12. 

GRI INDEX CHECKLIST 

13 

 



SUSTAINABLITY REPORT 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 


4 | P a g e 

 

1. ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

Goodland Group Limited and together with its subsidiaries (“Goodland” or the “Group”) 

is a property developer specializing in residential, commercial and industrial 

developments. Goodland’s segments include property development, construction and 

property investment. The property development segment is engaged in developing 

properties for sale. The construction segment is engaged in constructing residential, 

commercial and industrial properties. The property investment segment is engaged in 

investing in properties for leasing income and capital appreciation. Goodland’s 

geographical segments include Singapore, Malaysia and Cambodia. We plan to 

increase its footprint in the residential, commercial and industrial property segments, and 

is strategically placed for sustained growth for years to come. 

2. 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Goodland Group Limited and together with its 

subsidiaries (the “Group”) reaffirms our commitment to sustainability and recognises the 

important role that sustainability has played in helping achieve our mission of “Goodland, 

Good Living”. The Board considers sustainability issues in our long-term strategy 

formulation. Managing sustainability allows us to safeguard the well-being of and deliver 

long-term value to our stakeholders.  

 

The Group’s sustainability strategy is developed and directed by the senior 

management in consultation with the Board of Directors. 

 

The Group’s Sustainability Committee, formed by the senior management, led by the 

Group’s Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), is tasked to develop the sustainability strategy, 

and drive sustainability efforts across the whole Group via the following process: 

 

1. 

Reviewing the ESG factors identified as material to our business;  

2. 

Considering stakeholder priorities;  

3. 

Setting goals and targets;  

4. 

Measurement performance data; and 

5. 

Monitoring and reviewing performance on a regular basis. 

 

The Board of Directors maintains oversight the sustainability performance of the Group 

as well as finalised the ESG topics for sustainability report for FY2021.   

 

3. 

ABOUT THE REPORT 

 

This sustainability report describes the Goodland’s commitment towards sustainability in 

its business practices. It is to be read in conjunction with its financial statements for the 

FY2021. 

 

Reporting Framework 

 

The Group’s continued to conduct our business affairs using our environmental, social 

and governance (“ESG”) reporting framework during the financial year.  The ESG 

reporting framework provides a roadmap for employees to work towards a greener and 

sustainable future.  

 

Reporting Scope 

 

In this report, we have scoped in the development properties located in Singapore, 

which focuses on ongoing projects at an industrial building on 33 Kim Chuan Drive and 

on landed terrace housing development on 28 Jalan Tanjong, 6 Jalan Kemuning and 36 

Mayflower Lane. 

 


5 | P a g e 

 

Reporting Standard 

 

This report complies with the SGX-ST Listing Rules 711A and 711B and is with reference to 

the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards.  

 

No Hard Copy 

 

No hard copy of this report has been printed as part of our efforts to promote 

environmental conservation.  The electronic copy is available on Singapore Exchange 

website. 

 

4. FEEDBACK 

 

We welcome your feedback to help us improve our performance in sustainability and 

meet stakeholder’s expectations. Please send your feedback to the Sustainability 

Committee at goodland@goodlandgroup.com.sg.    

 

5. 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

The Group’s efforts on sustainability are focused on creating sustainable value for our 

key stakeholders, which comprise customers, community, employees, regulators, 

shareholders and suppliers. For each material factor identified, key stakeholders are 

determined based on the extent of which they can affect or are affected by operations 

of the Group. The relevance and significance of key stakeholders are reviewed from 

time to time. 

 

We actively engage our key stakeholders through the following channels: 

 

Through the above channels, the Group seeks to understand the views of key 

stakeholders, communicate effectively with them and respond to their concerns. 

 

S/N 

KEY STAKEHOLDER 

ENGAGEMENT CHANNEL 

1 

Customers 

Customers can send their feedback by contacting us at 

goodland@goodlandgroup.com.sg.  

 

2 

Community  

 

We welcome feedback on minimising the social and environmental 

impacts to the communities in which we operate by contacting us at 

goodland@goodlandgroup.com.sg.  

 

The Group participates in philanthropic activities through its Corporate 

Social Responsibility efforts, when opportunities arise. 

 

3 

Employees 

Senior management regularly communicates with employees for 

effective flow of information and alignment of business goals, including 

emails, staff meetings, induction programmes and annual staff evaluation 

sessions, whereby employees can pose questions in person. 

 

4 

Regulators 

Channels for information exchange between regulators and the Group 

on proposed regulatory changes that impact on the Group’s business are 

widely available, including helpdesks, email and websites. 

 

5 

Investors 

The Group conveys timely, full and credible information to shareholders 

through announcements on SGXNET, the Group’s website 

goodlandgroup.listedcompany.com, investor relations email account 

goodland@goodlandgroup.com.sg, annual general meetings, 

extraordinary general meetings (where necessary), annual reports and 

other channels such as business publications. 

 

6 

Consultants 

Consultants, such as architects, structural engineers and mechanical and 

electrical engineers, help ensure that sound preparations are made for 

upcoming projects and that contractors complete the project within 

budget. They provide cost estimates, draw budgets, select contractors, 

administer construction contracts, and resolve differences between 

contractors and project owners. 

 


6 | P a g e 

 

 

6. 

STAKEHOLDER CONCERNS 

 

 

S/N 

KEY STAKEHOLDER 

KEY CONCERN  

1 

Customers 

- 

Quality of the product 

- 

Workmanship and defect rectification 

- 

Pricing of the product 

- 

On time completion  

2 

Community  

 

- 

Clean and safe construction area 

- 

Noise, vibration and air pollution management 

- 

Environment and waste management 

3 

Employees 

- 

Safe working environment  

- 

Work life balance 

- 

Training opportunities 

- 

Job security  

- 

Career enhancement   

4 

Regulators 

- 

Compliance to relevant law and regulation 

- 

Attention to concerns arise from authorities.  

5 

Investors 

- 

Dividend distribution 

- 

Financial performance  

- 

Risk management 

 

7. 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

The Sustainability Committee (“SC”) conducted materiality assessment through 

meetings and discussions to identify, prioritise and validate ESG topics that are material 

the Group.   In prioritising the material ESG factors, the SC considered the likelihood and 

potential impact of issues affecting business continuity and development as well as 

environment and social impacts to internal and external key stakeholders. 

 

The SC identified 9 factors which are material to the Group listed in the table 7.1 below. 

These factors will be the focus of this inaugural sustainability report.   

 

The material topics are identified are as follows:  

 

  Table 7.1 – Material ESG Topics 

ESG FACTOR 

MATERIAL TOPIC 

Environmental 

Energy and water consumption efficiency  

Waste Management {Reduce, Reuse, Recycle} 

Implement green practices 

Social 

Noise, vibration and air pollution management 

Prevention / Reduction of accidents / incidents 

Site workforce management 

Supply chain 

Talent retention 

Corporate social responsibility (“CSR”) 

Performance of services and products 

Governance 

Anti-corruption  

Compliance with legal and other requirements 

 

 

 

7 

Suppliers   

The Group works closely with suppliers to ensure smooth delivery of 

products. In general, new suppliers are screened in accordance with the 

purchasing policies and existing suppliers are assessed by respective work 

teams based on specified criteria. Feedback is also provided by the 

procurement teams to suppliers to ensure standards of products or 

services delivered by suppliers. 

 


7 | P a g e 

 

8. 

SUSTAINABILTY FACTORS, RISKS, OPPORTUNITIES, GOALS AND TARGETS  

 

In today’s multi-faceted business climate, effective risk management is required to 

achieve continuous profitable growth. As such, ESG factors are thoughtfully considered 

before being integrated into the Group’s organisational decision-making processes. 

 

8.1 

Environmental Factors 

 

The Group is committed to minimising its environmental impact as a real estate owner, 

developer and manager. It believes that lowering the environmental footprint of its 

buildings through innovation creates value for its stakeholders. 

 

The Group incorporates environmental sustainability in our projects, from feasibility, 

design, 

procurement, 

construction, 

operation 

to 

redevelopment. 

Monitoring 

environmental impacts is integral to its business operations, as efficient use of 

environmental resources such as energy and water contributes to the operational 

efficiency and long-term sustainability of the company. 

 

We strive to improve our environmental performance over time and to initiate additional 

projects and activities that will further reduce the impact of the Group’s activities on the 

environment and the public. 

 

Our commitment to the environment extends to our customers, staff and the community 

in which we operate.   We are committed to: 

• minimise or prevent pollution and ensure that working environment is kept clean and  

in good order at all times whenever possible 

• train all staff on our environmental management program and empower them to 

contribute and participate 

• continually improve over time by measuring and monitoring environmental impacts 

• communicate our green and gracious builder commitment and efforts to our 

customers, staff and our community 

• minimise the social impact of our activities and avoid damage to the environment 

through regular audits 

• care and consideration for the safety of site personnel, visitors and the general public 

• understand, implement and comply with all applicable environmental regulations  

 

Energy 

 

The Group’s efforts on mitigating energy consumption include: 

• 

use of energy saving equipment such as the use of solar panel to power equipment 

such as the noise monitoring equipment 

• 

efficient design of site office/work 

• 

use of alternating current grid power supply and diesel-powered generators 

• 

continuously monitoring electricity and diesel consumption with allocated budget 

• 

planting of green vegetables on roof top to provide cooling effect and reduce 

electricity consumption of the Goodland Group Building and also promote recycling 

of food waste to as a useful fertiliser for growing the plants and vegetables 

 

Water 

 

The Group’s efforts on mitigating water consumption include: 

• 

 use of treated re-cycled water for cleaning purposes on site 

• 

 provision of perimeter drains, silt traps, and sealing up of gaps at the base of   

hoardings to help contain surface run-off within the site 

 

Waste 

 

The Group’s efforts on managing waste include: 

• 

 continuously monitoring building materials requirement throughout the project 


8 | P a g e 

 

• 

 consolidation and re-use of used building materials for future projects 

• 

 reuse of recycled galvanized iron pipe and scaffolding as formwork support which 

reduces the use of timber plank 

 

Construction Technology – Post Tensioning 

 

Post tensioning technology is used for the first time by Goodland in FY2021 for reinforcing 

concrete. Post tensioning has significantly reduced concrete volume and steel mass by 

approximately 35% in a post tensioned slab structure in compared with a conventional 

reinforced slab system. Similar results were observed when comparing reductions in 

embodied energy and global warming potential. These results highlight the 

improvements possible by the incorporation of improved sustainable design methods. 

 

 

Using post tensioning technology during construction of our project 

 

8.2 

Social Factors 

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

 

Occupational health and safety (OHS) of our staff, tenants, contractors, suppliers and 

the communities who use its properties, is of utmost importance to the Group. Effective 

OHS management is part of risk management and deemed to enhance staff 

productivity and morale.  The Group’s efforts on public safety include the use of proper 

full-height hoarding of the construction site, provision of site safety information and 

sufficient signages to visitors and the use of traffic cones or barriers to raise awareness of 

construction activities 

 

Noise and Vibrations 

 

The Group’s efforts on reducing noise and vibrations includes: 

• 

installation of instruments to manage noise and vibration levels 

• 

use newer equipment/machinery to achieve lower noise emissions 

 

Supply Chain 

 

Building materials are purchased by contractors. As such, the Group has limited control 

over the type and quantity of materials purchased for the development projects. Instead, 

the scope of disclosure for materials is confined to areas it has operational control: the 

promoting of responsible sourcing practices along the supply chain, and to encourage 

the use of eco-friendly and recycled materials.  For example, we used green products 

that are certified by PSB Singapore for construction, such as Davco Eco-friendly 

waterproofing and plastering, tile adhesive &amp; etc. 

 




9 | P a g e 

 

 

Talent Retention  

 

Goodland advocates and invests in the development of employees to fulfil their 

potential and contribute towards the progress of the Group, including the sponsorship 

of degree and diploma programmes. Our employees are encouraged to attend 

conferences and seminars to acquire knowledge to meet their relevant work 

requirements. Goodland conducts In-house training regularly to enhance employee’s 

understanding of the Group’s products and operations and to align staff with the 

Group’s objectives.  

 

During this Covid-19 pandemic, the Group’s business is adversely affected by the 

Government’s restriction orders put in place to control the transmission of the disease. 

The Group has maintained salary pay-out to employees to support them through the 

difficult time. In addition, the Group also supports our employees to apply for 

government subsidy for temporary accommodation for staff living across the border, 

who were affected by the closure of the border implemented by both Singapore and 

Malaysia. 

 

Goodwill Jobs Done for the Community  

 

Goodland is committed to perform jobs to community out of goodwill to encourage a 

good relationship with our neighbourhood, which include: 

• 

protecting trees and extension of site boundary and canvas to minimize the pollution  

• 

daily housekeeping works to prevent from mosquito breeding 

• 

select optimum delivery timing (less traffic flow) for construction materials to be 

delivered to construction site to minimize public inconvenience  

• 

provision of repairs and repainting work to affected neighbours  

 

Corporate Social Responsibility 

 

The Group’s social responsibility can be built up through community investments. In the 

longer term, this strengthens the Group’s social licence to operate and ability to deliver 

sustainable value.  We are committed to continually engaging our employees in our 

corporate social responsibility initiatives and efforts. 

 

In giving back to the community, Goodland contributed: 

 

• S$2,000 to Ain Society for support Ramadhan Hampers for needy cancer families; 

 

• S$35,000 to Wat Ananda Metyarama towards the building of Doi Pha Tang Temple in 

Chiang Rai, Thailand;  

 

• S$1,000 to Wat Ananda Metyarama towards the Buddhist temple in Singapore for the  

Vesak Day celebration; and 

 

• S$2,500 to Securities Investors Association (Singapore) (“SIAS”) in support of the 

Corporate Governance Week 2021. 

 

 


10 | P a g e 

 

8.3 

Corporate Governance 

Goodland is committed to ensuring and maintaining a high standard of corporate 

governance and business conduct to safeguard the interests of its stakeholders. We are 

dedicated to uphold integrity and honesty in our operations.  The Board acknowledges 

that it is responsible for the governance of risks and the overall internal control framework, 

but recognises that no cost effective internal control system will preclude all errors and 

irregularities, as the system is designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure 

to achieve business objectives, and can provide only reasonable and not absolute 

assurance against the occurrence of material errors, poor judgment in decision-making, 

human errors, losses, fraud or other irregularities. The Board will, on a continuing basis, 

endeavour to further enhance and improve the Group’s system of internal controls and 

risk management policies. 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

 

The Group has incorporated “whistle blowing” procedures as part of the Group’s system 

of internal controls. This is to provide a channel for employees of the Group to report in 

good faith and in confidence, without fear of reprisals, concerns about possible 

improprieties in financial reporting and other matters. The objective of the policy is to 

ensure that there is independent investigation of such matters and that appropriate 

follow up actions will be taken.  For FY2021, there were no reports received. 

 

In addition, the Group sets out expectations of employees in relation to issues such as 

fraud, conflicts of interest and anti-competitive conduct in the employees’ handbook.  

For FY2021, the Group achieved the target of zero confirmed incidents of concerning 

employees or business partners.  

 

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS &amp; REGULATIONS 

 

The Group adheres to the Code of Corporate Governance 2018, listing rules and 

regulations set out by SGX, the MAS Securities and Futures Act, the Singapore Code of 

Advertising Practice, the Personal Data Protection Act, as well as all other applicable 

laws and regulations. 

 

For our developments, the Group is subject to regulations administered by Urban 

Redevelopment Authority (URA), Building and Construction Authority (BCA), National 

Environment Agency (NEA), Public Utilities Board (PUB), Land Transport Authority (LTA) 

and others. 

 

There were no incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations, including 

environmental regulations and marketing guidelines, resulting in significant fines or 

sanctions in FY2021. 

 

8.4 

Performance Measurement 

The factors identified and the corresponding performance measurement during the 

financial year ended 30 September 2021 are shown in Table 8.1 below. 

 

We have set the same qualitative and quantitative sustainability targets for FY2022, as 

shown in Table 8.1 below. 


11 | P a g e 

 

Table 8.1 - Performance Measurement of ESG Topics 

 

Environmental

Energy and water 

consumption efficiency 

Reduce utilities consumption by 3%

The actual overall consumption for electricity and water for the 

projects listed on Paragraph 3, against the target usage, were less 

than projected consumption by approximately 56% and 54% 

respectively. 

Reduce utilities consumption against 

target usage by 3%

Waste management (Reduce, 

Reuse, Recycle)

Reduce concrete, re-bars wastage by 

3%

The actual overall wastage of concrete and re-bars for the projects 

listed on Paragraph 3 were less than projected wastage by 35% or 

more with the using of post tensioning construction technology.

Reduce concrete, re-bars wastage by 3%

Implement green practices

Use of green products in all our 

development projects

We prioritized the use of green products certified by PSB SIngapore. 

We carried out pesticides control and waste water treatment using 

environmental friendly chemical to reduce possible contaimination 

on the environment. We also reused treated water for cleaning 

purpose.

Use of green products in all our 

development projects

Social

Noise, vibration and air 

pollution management

Zero complaints on noise, vibration 

and dust from interested parties

Noise monitoring device was implemented on site to monitor the 

level of noise in public. No complaints received from the public on 

noise, vibration and dust.

Maintain zero complaints on noise, 

vibration and dust from interested parties

Prevention / Reduction of 

accidents / incidents

Zero fatality / major accidents

No fatality nor major accidents during the period.

Maintain zero fatality / major accidents

Site workforce management

Provision of welfare facilities on all 

project sites

Provision of refreshment, proper work wear and foot wear and 

portable toilets at construction sites.

Provision of welfare facilities on all project 

sites

Supply chain

Actively source for suppliers and 

contractors who provide green 

products

Davco's eco-friendly waterproofing and plastering, certified by PSB 

Singapor, were used by some of our contractors.

Actively source for suppliers and 

contractors who provide green products

Talent retention

Arrange for at least 1 staff from each 

department for training every year

Training target was achieved.

Arrange for at least 1 staff from each 

department for training every year

Corporate social responsibility 

(“CSR”)

Participate in 1 or more CSR activity 

with company-wide staff participation 

each year

Participate in 1 or more CSR activity with 

company-wide staff participation each 

year, subject to forseeable or unforseen 

circumstance(s)

Performance of services and 

products

100% completion of the construction 

stages on time for each respective 

ESG FACTOR

POLICY - RISKS AND 

OPPORTUNITIES

TARGET FOR FY2021

ASSESSMENT OF 

ACTUAL PERFORMANCE 

IN FY2021

TARGET FOR FY2022

project

All construction projects have been completed up to their 

respective stages on time. Notably, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, 

there is increased health and safety measures, social distancing, limits 

on the number of people allowed on site and the impact on the 

supply chain.

100% completion of the construction 

stages on time for each respective 

project

Governance

Anti-Corruption

No major confirmed incidents

No major confirmed incidents reported.

Maintain zero incidents

Compliance with legal and 

other requirements 

No major confirmed incidents

No major confirmed incidents reported.

Maintain zero incidents

See Paragraph 8.2.  Understandbly, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, 

we are unable to hold company-wide staff participation physically.


12 | P a g e 

 

9. 

RESPONSE TO COVID-19 

 

With recent COVID-19 outbreak of clusters in Singapore, a tight set of measures 

were announced by Singapore Government. In response to the emergence of 

a potentially more contagious variant of the COVID-19 virus, which has since 

been termed the Omicron variant, the Multi-Ministry Taskforce (MTF) announced 

on 26 November 2021 travel restrictions for affected countries/regions. Safe 

management measures therefore have to be tightened across the board.  

 

The Group is keeping abreast of its development and its impact on the Group’s 

business.  

 

10. 

INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE 

 

Goodland strived, where applicable, to align its policies and practices to international 

standards. In reporting on sustainability, care is taken to give an accurate and balanced 

view. For this purpose, the Group has obtained independent assessment by external 

professionals to obtain the following certifications: 

 

Certification 

 

Description 

 

• 

ISO 9001:2015   

Quality Management Systems 

 

• 

ISO 14001:2015   

Environmental Management Systems 

 

• 

ISO 45001:2018   

Occupational Health and Safety Management 

 

 

11. 

SUMMARY 

 

We are actively integrating sustainability principles into the business in achieving the 

mission of “Goodland, Good Living”. The Board believes sustainability is essential in 

business strategy to driving long term growth and prosperity for Goodland. The Group 

endeavours to continually improve our sustainability practices as we progress. We strive 

to safeguard the well-being of and deliver long-term value to our stakeholders.    

 

 


13 | P a g e 

 

GRI INDEX CHECKLIST  

 

GRI Standards (2016)  

 

 

 

 

Notes/Page number(s) 

General Disclosures 

Organisational Profile 

 

102-1  

Name of the organisation  

Goodland Group Limited 

 

102-2  

Activities, brands, products, and services  

Corporate Profile 

 

 

Projects in FY2021, page 102 - 103 

 

102-3  

Location of headquarter  

Corporate Information, page 16 

 

 

Financial Statements, page 47 

 

102-4  

Location of operations  

Corporate Information, page 16 

 

 

Financial Statements, page 89 - 91 

 

102-5  

Ownership and legal form  

Financial Statements, page 52 

                                                                                                                    Financial Statements, page 89 - 96 

 

102-6  

Markets served  

Financial Statements, pages 89 - 92, 114 - 118 

 

102-7  

Scale of the organisation  

Financial &amp; Operational Review, page 2 - 6 

                                                                                                                    Financial Statements, page 46 - 51 

 

 

 

102-8  

Information on employees and other workers  

Sustainability Report (Talent Retention), Page 9 

The Group did not have any significant  

 

 

variation in employment numbers.                                                           

 

102-9  

Supply chain  

Sustainability Report, page 8 

 

102-10 

Significant changes to organisation and its  

No significant changes during FY2021 

 

supply chain 

 

102-11  

Precautionary principle or approach  

The Group does not specifically address  

 

 

the principles of the Precautionary approach. 

 

102-12  

External initiatives  

Sustainability report, page 12 

 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Real Estate Developers’ Association of  

 

 

Singapore (REDAS) 

 

 

Singapore Business Federation (SBF) 

 

 

 

Strategy 

 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker  

Board Statement, page 3 - 6 

 

 

Ethics and Integrity 

 

102-16  

Values, principles, standards, and 

Board Statement, page 3 - 6 

 

norms of behaviour 

Corporate Governance Report, page 18 - 33 

 

Governance 

 

102-18  

Governance structure  

Corporate Governance Report, page 18 - 33 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

102-40  

List of stakeholder groups  

Sustainability Report, page 5 - 6 

 

102-41  

Collective bargaining agreements  

There are no collective bargaining  

 

 

agreements in place at the Group 

 

102-42  

Identifying and selecting stakeholders  

Sustainability Report, page 5 - 6 

 

102-43  

Approach to stakeholder engagement  

Sustainability Report, page 5 - 6 

 

102-44  

Key topics and concerns raised  

Sustainability Report, page 6 - 10 

 


14 | P a g e 

 

Reporting Practice 

 

102-45  

Entities included in the consolidated 

Financial Statements, page 89 - 92 

 

financial statements 

 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

Sustainability Report, page 4 - 10 

 

boundaries 

All ESG factors are relevant within our 

                                                                                                                    organisation only 

 

 

 

102-47  

List of material topics  

Sustainability Report, page 6 - 10 

 

102-48  

Restatements of information  

NIL 

 

102-49  

Changes in reporting  

Financial Statements, page 52 - 55 

 

102-50  

Reporting period  

1 October 2020 – 30 September 2021 

 

102-51  

Date of most recent report  

30 September 2021 

 

102-52  

Reporting cycle  

Annual 

 

102-53  

Contact point for questions regarding the  

Sustainability Report, page 5 

 

report 

 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with GRI 

Sustainability Report, page 4 - 5 

 

Standards 

 

102-55 

GRI content index  

Sustainability Report, page 13 - 15 

 

102-56 

External assurance  

Sustainability Report, page 12 

 

Management Approach 

 

103-1  

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Sustainability Report, page 6 - 12 

                   Boundary  

Materiality and management initiatives are 

 

 

discussed within the section for each  

 

103-2  

The management approach and its  

material factor 

 

 

components 

 

103-3  

Evaluation of the management approach 

 

Material Topics 

 

Anti-corruption 

 

205-1  

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Sustainability Report, page 9 -10 

 

 

205-2  

Communication and training on anti-corruption 

Sustainability Report, page 9 -10 

                  policies and procedures 

 

 

205-3  

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

Sustainability Report, page 9 -10 

 

taken 

 

Energy 

 

302-1  

Energy consumption within the organisation  

Sustainability Report, page 6 - 8 

 

302-3  

Energy intensity  

Sustainability Report, page 6 - 8 

 

 

Energy disclosed in this report refers to 

 

 

purchased electricity only 

Water 

 

303-1 

Water withdrawal by source 

Sustainability Report, page 6 - 8 

 

 

The only water used by the Group is  

 

 

public utilities water 

 

303-3 

Water intensity 

Sustainability Report, page 6 - 8 

 

 

 

 

 


15 | P a g e 

 

Supplier Environmental Assessment 

 

308-1 

New suppliers that were screened using  

Sustainability Report, page 7 

 

environmental criteria 

 

 

Environmental Compliance 

 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws  

Sustainability Report, page 11 

 

and regulations 

 

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury,  

Sustainability Report, page 8 

 

absenteeism, and number of work-related  

 

fatalities 

 

Training and Education 

 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading employee skills  

Sustainability Report, page 9 

 

 

 

 

Supplier Social Assessment 

 

414-1 

New suppliers that were screened using  

Sustainability Report, page 8 

 

Customer Health and Safety 

 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning  

Sustainability Report, page 9 

 

the health and safety impacts of products  

 

and services 

 

Marketing and Labelling 

 

417-3 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning  

Sustainability Report, page 11 

 

marketing communications  

 

 

Socioeconomic Compliance 

 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations  

Sustainability Report, page 11 

 

in the social and economic area 

 

 

 

 

 

