



This page has been intentionally left blank.


1

GP Industries Limited    Sustainability Report 2017-2018

1

Contents

1. 

Statement from Chairman

2.	

Organizational	Profile

3.	

The	Group’s	Sustainability	Story

4.	

Ethics	and	Integrity

5. 

Statement of the Board and Governance

6.	

Material	ESG	factors	–	Policies,	Practices,	Performance	and	Targets

7.	

Reporting	Practice

8.	

Stakeholder	Engagement

9.	

Material	Topics	and	Boundaries

10. Economic Topics

 

10.1 Direct economic value generated and distributed (201-1)

11.	 Environmental	Topics

 

11.1 Materials used by weight or volume (301-1) 

 

11.2 Energy consumption within the organisation (302-1)

 

11.3 Water withdrawal by source (303-1)

 

11.4 Waste by type and disposal method (306-2)

 

11.5 Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations (307-1)

12.	 Social	Topics

 

12.1  Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of work related fatalities (403-2) 

 

12.2 Information on employees and other workers (102-8)

 

12.3 Average hours of training per year per employee (404-1)

 

12.4 Diversity of governance bodies and employees (405-1)

 

12.5 Community Involvement (413-1)

 

12.6  Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service 

categories (416-1), Supplier Social Assessment (414-1)

 

12.7  Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic 

area (419-1)

SGX	Five	Primary	Components	Index

GRI	Standards	Content	Index

2

3

5

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

15

16

17

17

17

18

18

19

19

20

20

21

22

24

25

26

27

Contents


2

GP Industries Limited Sustainability Report 2017-2018

Statement from Chairman

1. Statement from Chairman

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of GP Industries Limited (the “Company” or “GP Industries”) is pleased to 

present the first sustainability report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the financial year ended 

31 March 2018 (“FY2018”).

The Group is committed to protect the environment and be socially responsible to its stakeholders which include 

its employees, customers, suppliers, shareholders, government and regulatory authorities and local communities. 

The Group values stakeholders’ views and actively collaborates with stakeholders to achieve its objectives towards 

sustainable development.

As a major global developer, manufacturer and distributor of primary and rechargeable batteries as well as one of 

the largest consumer battery producers in China, the Group complies with the highest international safety standards 

and good manufacturing practices and has made its batteries products safe, reliable, eco-friendly and of high quality.

At GP Industries, we value the contributions of all employees and remunerate them fairly. We implement adequate 

safety practices at our manufacturing facilities to ensure the safety of our employees onsite.

This sustainability report is the first formal report of the Group on its initiatives and achievements in embracing 

sustainability as part of the Group’s culture. It also sets out the Group’s targets, in qualitative terms, regarding its 

sustainability efforts.

The Group will continue to engage its stakeholders so as to remain relevant in addressing their major concerns.

Victor LO Chung Wing

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer


3

GP Industries Limited    Sustainability Report 2017-2018

Organizational Profile

2. Organizational Profile

The Company is incorporated in Singapore and has been listed on the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) since 1995. It is the main industrial investment vehicle of Hong Kong-listed 

Gold Peak Industries (Holdings) Limited (“Gold Peak”) which currently owns an 85.55% interest in the Company as 

at 18 March 2019.

The Company is principally engaged in holding of investment in subsidiaries and associates, and is the regional 

headquarters of the Group. The Group is principally engaged in the development, manufacture and marketing 

of batteries and related products, and electronic and acoustic products. In addition, the Group also manufactures 

automotive wire harness products.

In addition to the manufacturing of batteries and electronic and acoustic products on an original equipment 

manufacturing and original design manufacturing bases, the Group has built renowned brand names for its major 

product categories, such as “GP” batteries (“GP Batteries”), “KEF” premium consumer speakers and “CELESTION” 

professional speaker drivers, which are marketed and distributed globally. In addition, the Group also manufactures, 

markets and distributes the “双鹿” batteries and markets and distributes certain types of “Toshiba” batteries in 

mainland China.

The Group has a strong and extensive manufacturing and distribution network. The Group’s manufacturing 

activities are mainly carried out in Mainland China, Malaysia and Vietnam. The Group has established subsidiaries 

in Singapore, Mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Japan, Malaysia, United Kingdom, Germany, United States of 

America, Poland and United Arab Emirates to market and distribute the Group’s products. A substantial part of the 

Group’s management and administrative activities are carried out in Hong Kong.

For FY2018, the Group’s revenue of S$1,099.7 million is analysed by business segments and geographic areas as 

follows:





4.1%

Revenue analysed by business segments

75.0%

20.9%

Batteries

Electronics and Acoustics

Automotive Wire Harness


4

GP Industries Limited Sustainability Report 2017-2018





1.5%

Revenue analysed by geographical areas

47.6%

25.4%

25.5%

Asia

America

Europe

Others

The Group’s major suppliers are mainly located in China. The Group’s purchases include metals and chemicals used 

for the manufacturing of batteries, electronic components and wooden boxes for the manufacturing of electronics 

and acoustics products, and moulding parts, terminals and connectors for manufacturing of automotive wire 

harness products.

The Group’s associates are principally engaged in the manufacturing of metallic products, electronic components, 

electronic cables, wires and cable assemblies, acoustics products, and manufacturing, marketing and trading of 

battery and battery products.

Organizational Profile (cont'd)


5

GP Industries Limited    Sustainability Report 2017-2018

Conservation, Product Excellence and Corporate Social Responsibility

The Group has always held a high standard for environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) issues. In addition 

to complying with relevant laws and regulations on environmental protection matters, the Group is always mindful 

of conserving resources. For example, the design of the Group’s factory for the manufacturing of electronics and 

acoustic products conserves electricity consumption by allowing more sunlight to enter into the building. On a daily 

basis, employees are always reminded to minimise paper consumption by recycling used paper whenever possible.

The Group strives to develop innovative products that are both eco-friendly and cost-efficient in order to enrich 

the daily experience and improve the living standard of its customers as a whole. This is well demonstrated by the 

Group’s new loudspeaker KEF’s LS50 Wireless speaker which has been broadly recognized as a game-changing 

product in the hi-fi industry that leads the market in price-performance ratio and size-performance ratio.

The Group cares about the community by organizing and participating in various social caring events. Driven by this 

fundamental value, the Group continues to provide resources in protecting environment, promote health and safety 

in the workplace, take an active role in shouldering corporate social responsibility and stay committed to providing 

the best products and services for its customers and the community.

Sustainability Targets

It is the Group long term sustainability targets to:

• 

Limit the use of hazardous substances

• 

Lower energy consumption during manufacturing

• 

Maintain zero occupational health and safety incidents

3. The Group’s Sustainability Story

The Group’s Sustainability Story


6

GP Industries Limited Sustainability Report 2017-2018

Noteworthy Awards

During FY2018, the Group received a number of awards in recognition of its efforts in protecting the environment 

and product innovation: 

Batteries Business

•	

GP Batteries International Limited and five factories in China

 

Bank of China (Hong Kong) (“BOCHK”)

• EcoChallenger / EcoPartner of BOCHK Corporate Environmental Leadership Awards

Federation of Hong Kong Industries

The Group’s Sustainability Story (cont'd)




7

GP Industries Limited    Sustainability Report 2017-2018

•	

GP Batteries (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd

 

Environment Bureau of Hong Kong

• Hong Kong-Guangdong Cleaner Production Excellent Partner (Manufacturing)

Economic and Information Commission of Guangdong Province

 

The Group’s Sustainability Story (cont'd)




8

GP Industries Limited Sustainability Report 2017-2018

•	

Dongguan Chao Ba Batteries Co Ltd

 

• Clean Production Enterprise of the province

Guangdong Provincial Cleaner Production Association

• Clean Production Enterprise of the city

Dongguan Energy Trade Association

 

Acoustics Business

•	

KEF LS50 Wireless

 

• Best Product 2017-2018 Wireless Loudspeaker

European Imaging and Sound Association (EISA)

• Editor’s Choice

Hi-Fi Choice, UK

• Product of the Year – Hall of Fame

• Product of the Year – Best all-in-one system over £1000

What Hi-Fi? Sound &amp; Vision, UK

The Group’s Sustainability Story (cont'd)




9

GP Industries Limited    Sustainability Report 2017-2018

Business Ethics and Integrity

The Group subscribes to the principles of fair business practices and refrain from unfair trade practices, such as 

bribery and corruption, and strives to achieve business growth through fair market competition.

Whistle-blowing Policy

The Group has established a whistle-blowing policy that allows anyone to report in good faith any misconduct or 

malpractice, without fear of reprisal, through a confidential channel. If investigation is to take place, the head of 

internal audit will carry out the investigative work, and then seek administrative support from the Audit and Risk 

Committee (the “ARC”). The ARC may also consider the appointment of an external party to assist the head of 

internal audit in performing the investigative work. The Board, the ARC and the head of internal audit will keep strict 

confidentiality on the informer’s identity throughout the course of the investigation. Any form of disadvantage or 

reprisal against the informer by the Company’s management or staff is expressly prohibited.

Anti-Corruption

The Group is committed to preventing corruption, bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering, as well as 

complying with applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations. It prohibits its employees from offering, making or 

receiving any bribes or kickbacks for the purpose of securing improper business advantages, or otherwise engaging 

in corrupt activities or practices.

The Group’s whistle-blowing policy also enables suspected corruptive practices within the Group to be reported in 

strictest confidence.

During FY2018, the Group complied with all relevant laws and regulations that have significant impact on the Group 

relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. No legal case regarding corrupt practices was brought 

against the Group or its employees.

Interested Person Transactions (“IPTs”)

The Company has adopted an internal policy in respect of any transaction with interested persons and has set 

out the procedures for review and approval of the Group’s IPTs. Please refer to the section on Interested Person 

Transactions in the Group’s Annual Report for FY2018 (“FY2018 AR”) for our disclosure in accordance with Rule 

907 of the SGX-ST Listing Manual in respect of IPTs for FY2018.

Dealing in Securities

The Group has adopted a Code of Best Practices on Securities Transactions with respect to dealings in securities by 

Directors and officers of the Group.

Directors of the Company (the “Directors”) and officers of the Group are prohibited from dealing in the Company’s 

securities during the period commencing two weeks before the announcement of the Company’s results for each 

of the first three quarters of its financial year, and one month before the announcement of the Company’s full year 

results, ending on the date of the relevant announcement of the results. Directors and officers are also prohibited 

from dealing in the Company’s securities when they are in possession of potentially price sensitive information.

Directors and officers of the Group are also not expected to deal in the Company’s securities on considerations of 

a short-term nature.

The Company has complied with its Code of Best Practices on Securities Transactions.

4. Ethics and Integrity

Ethics and Integrity


10

GP Industries Limited Sustainability Report 2017-2018

Sustainability Strategy

Sustainability is a key factor to the long-term success of the Group, which enhance the stakeholder value. In 

formulating its business strategies, due consideration are given by the Board to risks and opportunities arising from 

the sustainability issues.

Sustainability Governance

The Board has delegated the responsibility for monitoring and overseeing the Group’s sustainability efforts to 

management, comprising the Executive Directors and the heads of functional departments, such as finance and 

human resources, and business units. In additional, an Environmental, Health and Safety (“EHS”) Committee has 

been formed to evaluate and determine the EHS related risks pertaining to the Group’s businesses.

The Board incorporates sustainability issues into the strategic formulation of the Group. The Board approves the 

material environmental, social and economic factors identified by the EHS Committee, and ensures that the factors 

identified are well-managed and monitored by the EHS Committee.

The Board believes that this sustainability report provides a reasonable and transparent presentation of the Group’s 

sustainability strategy and of its ESG performance, including how its sustainability strategies are refined in responding 

to the changing environment.

The Group’s approach to sustainability governance is summarised as follows:

Management

 § Approves the material ESG factors identified and oversees that such factors are managed and monitored

EHS Committee

 § Establish EHS management strategies and objectives to ensure sustainability

 § Evaluate and determine EHS related risks

 § Recognise stakeholders’ need

 § Review, monitor and assess EHS strategies

Functional Departments

 § Comply with all relevant laws and regulations

 § Communicate EHS policies and provide EHS trainings to employees

 § Enforce operation and internal controls

EHS Task Force

 § Audit and investigate EHS issues

 § Improve and take corrective action

Employees

 § Execute the Group’s sustainability initiatives

 § Provide internal feedback to management

Statement of the Board and Governance

5. Statement of the Board and Governance


11

GP Industries Limited    Sustainability Report 2017-2018

The Group identifies and evaluates material ESG factors regularly to ensure such factors are relevant in a rapidly 

changing business environment and to the Group’s evolving business strategies. The Group recognises engagement 

with stakeholders is critical to the successful identification of material ESG factors.

The existing framework and policy are reviewed and enhanced continuously. In addition, realistic achievements 

targets are set with proper parameters determined for evaluation of the progress.

6.  Material ESG factors – Policies, Practices, 

Performance and Targets

Material ESG factors – Policies, Practices, Performance and Targets


12

GP Industries Limited Sustainability Report 2017-2018

This sustainability report is prepared in accordance with the Sustainability Reporting Guide of SGX-ST, and the 

Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards.

The report incorporates the primary components of report content as set out by the SGX-ST’s “Comply or Explain” 

requirements on sustainability reporting under Rule 711B of the SGX-ST Listing Manual.

This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards’ “Core” option. The GRI standards represent 

the global best practices for reporting on economic, environmental and social topics.

This report supplements the Group’s FY2018 AR. Detailed section reference with GRI Standards is found at the end 

of this report.

GRI does not require external assurance and Management has assessed that external assurance is not required as 

the Group is laying the foundations for a sustainability reporting framework this year.

The consolidated financial statements of the Group for FY2018, as set out in its FY2018 AR, incorporate the 

financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries made up to 31 March 2018. Information on the significant 

subsidiaries of the Company are set out on page 106 to 109 of FY2018 AR.

This report does not cover the ESG performance of the associates of the Group, as the Group does not have 

control in these entities. Information of the significant associates of the Company are set out on page 110 to 112 

of FY2018 AR. The Board is also pleased to note that some of the significant associates have already embarked on 

their sustainability journey and such information (1) can be accessed as follows:

Name of associate

Sustainability initiatives

Dongguan Jifu Metallic Products Ltd.

Social Responsibility Policy (Labour and Corporate Ethics Policy)

Energy Monitoring

Linkz Industries Limited

Manufacturing Plants - Green Approach

Meiloon Industrial Co., Ltd.

Corporate Social Responsibility

RoHS 2 / REACH

Industry-Academic Cooperation

Conflict Minerals Sourcing Policy

Conflict Minerals - EICC Report

Time Interconnect Technology Limited

ESG Report for FY2018 set out on page 42 to 57 of the annual 

report of Time Interconnect Technology Limited for FY2018

(1) Information on website is correct as at 18 March 2019

7. Reporting Practice

Reporting Practice


13

GP Industries Limited    Sustainability Report 2017-2018

The Company is committed to stakeholder engagement as a core component of the Group’s sustainability strategy. 

Stakeholder engagement enables the Group to address the material issues, topics or concerns which affect our 

stakeholders, so that the Group can align its sustainability strategy with those of the stakeholders.

We identify key stakeholders as groups which have material impact or could potentially be impacted by our 

operations. The following is a summary of our key stakeholders, how they are principally engaged and what are the 

key topics and concerns raised:

Stakeholder

Method of engagement

Topics and concerns

Employees

 § Internal communications, formal and 

informal

 § Career development

 § Working environment and wellbeing

 § Remuneration and benefits

 § Compliance with local labour laws

Customers

 § Meetings

 § Feed backs

 § Pricing

 § Product safety

 § EHS practices

 § Ethical practices

Suppliers

 § Suppliers’ assessment

 § Economic performance

 § Ethical practices

Shareholders

 § Annual reports

 § Annual general meeting

 § Investor relationship management

 § Economic performance

 § Distribution to shareholders

Government and 

regulatory authorities

 § Periodic reports and returns

 § Ongoing dialogues

 § Compliance with laws and regulations

Local communities

 § Engagement in community services

 § Environmental impacts

 § Community engagement

Stakeholder Engagement

8. Stakeholder Engagement


14

GP Industries Limited Sustainability Report 2017-2018

Material topics are identified by communications with stakeholders as discussed in paragraph 8. Reporting and 

disclosure requirements imposed by regulatory authorities are also considered. Material sustainability topics of 

the peers are also considered if they are relevant to the Group. The identified material topics are then evaluated 

internally and prioritised accordingly to the impact to the stakeholders and attributable to the risk and opportunities.

Material topics discussed in this report

Boundaries (i.e. which segment, country or 

subsidiary, where applicable)

Economic

Market presence

By country

Economic performance

Group-wide

Anti-corruption

Environmental

Materials

Group-wide

Energy

Water

Effluents and waste

Environmental compliance

Social

Occupational health and safety

Group-wide

Training and education

Diversity and equal opportunity

Local communities

Supplier social assessment

Customer health and safety

Socio economic compliance

For questions or feedbacks about this sustainability report, please contact us at gpind@gp-industries.com.

9. Material Topics and Boundaries

Material Topics and Boundaries


15

GP Industries Limited    Sustainability Report 2017-2018

10.1 Direct economic value generated and distributed (201-1)

Economic performance is considered important to the Group as this is a key indicator on the Group’s capability to 

meet the expectation of various groups of stakeholders. The Group’s income statement for FY2018 are set out on 

page 35 of FY2018 AR. The following is a statement of direct economic value generated and distributed of the 

Group for FY2018, as compiled from the afore-mentioned income statement and other information set out in 

FY2018 AR:

Direct economic value generated: 

S$1,153.1 million

Revenue: S$1,099.7 million

Proceeds from disposal of assets: S$29.5 million

Share of results of associates, net of taxation: S$23.9 million

Economic value distributed: 

S$1,141.1 million

Operating costs: S$876.8 million (2)

Employee wages and benefits: S$208.6 million (2)

Payments to providers of capital (finance costs and dividends): 

S$40.1 million

Payments to government: S$15.6 million

Economic value retained:

S$12.0 million

(2)  Includes economic value distributed attributable to community investments activities, which was not separately 

identified during FY2018.

10. Economic Topics

Economic Topics


16

GP Industries Limited Sustainability Report 2017-2018

Environmental Protection

The Group believes that environmental protection is an important objective in operation. It strives to maintain green 

operations and develop products that help to enhance low carbon society, minimize adverse environmental impacts 

and achieve sustainable development. The Group engages in energy efficient practices and strives to reduce energy 

consumption to alleviate effects on global warming.

The Group enhances conservative and efficient use of resources through automation. It adopts clean production 

practices and preventive measures throughout the whole lifecycle of its products in order to minimize environmental 

impact, and pursue growth and sustainability. Production and operation processes are reviewed and analysed to 

identify environmentally friendly and cost-effective technology so as to reduce emissions, use of hazardous materials, 

energy consumption and waste production. Video and phone conferences are encouraged to reduce business travel-

related carbon footprint. Duplex printing and paperless operation are advocated to conserve natural resources.

It is also the Group’s policy to improve its operations and minimize its adverse impact on the environment and 

natural resources. The environmental risks relating to EHS legislations are being assessed and mitigated during the 

design and development of its products. Pre-development support teams are formed as early as in the concept 

phase to review the products’ design-for-manufacturability and environmental impact.

The Group’s factories have been accredited with ISO14001. The accreditations demonstrate that the Group has 

established an effective environmental management system to control and manage hazardous substances.





11. Environmental Topics

Environmental Topics


17

GP Industries Limited    Sustainability Report 2017-2018

11.1 Materials used by weight or volume (301-1)

The Group uses eco-friendly packaging materials for finished products. Apart from the necessary protection for 

shipment, the Group strives to avoid excessive packaging design. Types of packaging material usually include 

cardboards, paper and plastics. Product packaging is constantly reviewed in order to reduce material usage and 

minimize the impact on the environment.

The weight and intensity of packaging material used during FY2018, determined by direct measurements or 

estimation as deemed appropriate by the concerned entity, are as follows:

FY2018

Weight

2,789.0 tons

Intensity (per S$ million revenue)

2.536 tons

11.2 Energy consumption within the organisation (302-1)

The Group educates and enhances staff awareness on saving electricity. Electric energy consumption is closely 

tracked and reviewed to maintain a lean and an efficient operation. Energy efficiency of equipment is considered 

in capital investment. For development of production equipment, the Group adopts energy-saving technology and 

uses energy-effective components.

Green building concept has been employed by the Group to reduce energy consumption in its factories. This 

includes using natural lighting from roof window and courtyard glass, installing utilities underground for more 

headroom, using glass as partition as much as possible, replacing various light sources with LED tubes and using 

solar energy for certain lighting systems.

Total electric energy consumption purchased from external parties during FY2018 and determined by direct 

measurements based on meter readings, are as follows:

FY2018

Electricity consumption

95.0 million kWh

Intensity (per S$ million revenue)

0.0864 million kWh

11.3 Water withdrawal by source (303-1)

The Group regularly monitors its water consumption. Water-saving washing facility is used and water supply facilities 

and equipment are properly maintained. Water used in certain production plants is recycled for watering, toilet 

flushing and manufacturing. There was no issue in sourcing water that is fit for the Group’s manufacturing purpose 

in FY2018.

Environmental Topics (cont'd)


18

GP Industries Limited Sustainability Report 2017-2018

Total water consumption, all supplied by public water utilities during FY2018 and determined by direct measurements 

based on meter readings, are as follows: 

FY2018

Water consumption

624.9 million litres

Intensity (per S$ million revenue)

0.568 million litres

11.4 Waste by type and disposal method (306-2)

The Group implements standardized management of hazardous wastes. Hazardous wastes primarily include nickel, 

manganese, metals and waste mineral oil-water emulsion from scrap and unqualified batteries, as well as rags 

and containers which were contaminated by oil and paints, organic solvents and a trace of metals. All hazardous 

wastes are disposed of in accordance with requirements of standardized management of hazardous wastes. All 

hazardous waste labels are standardized to reduce non-standardized collection of hazardous wastes. The production, 

collection, storage and handling of hazardous wastes have been properly handled in order to reduce the negative 

impacts towards soil, water and air. Hazardous wastes are aptly collected and sold to recycling companies for proper 

treatment.

Non-hazardous wastes mainly include scrapped cardboards, wood, plastics and metals. Non-hazardous wastes are 

classified into non-recyclable and recyclable wastes. Non-recyclable wastes are collected and disposed of by garbage 

collection companies. Recyclable scrap parts such as cardboards together with solder oxide wastes and copper wire 

scraps are collected and sold to recycling companies.

Total solid wastes generated during FY2018 are as follows:

FY2018

Hazardous solid waste

1,943.7 tons

Non-hazardous solid waste

861.8 tons

Total

2,805.3 tons

11.5 Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations (307-1)

During FY2018, the Group complied with all relevant laws and regulations that have significant impact on the Group 

relating to discharges to land and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes.

Environmental Topics (cont'd)


19

GP Industries Limited    Sustainability Report 2017-2018

12.1 Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number 

of work related fatalities (403-2)

It is the Group’s policy to provide its employees with a safe and healthy working environment in order to protect 

the health and wellness of its employees. The Group continuously improves its working conditions to prevent 

industrial accidents and occupational diseases. Health and safety standards such as working procedures, machine 

operating standards as well as hazardous materials and wastes handling guidelines are defined and communicated 

to employees, and such standards are regularly reviewed for corrective and improvement actions. Safety and 

occupational health courses are included in orientation program for new employees in production plants. Training 

courses on the authentication of SA8000, first aid and proper use of hazardous and chemical materials are held. 

Child and forced labour are strictly prohibited in the Group.

The Group uses Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Series 18001 (“OHSAS18001”) as a framework for its 

occupational health and safety management system in order to create the best working conditions for employees 

and to prevent workplace accidents and illnesses. A number of the Group’s plants in China were certified with the 

OHSAS18001 accreditations.





12. Social Topics

Social Topics


20

GP Industries Limited Sustainability Report 2017-2018

During FY2018, the Group complied with all relevant laws and regulations that have significant impact on the Group 

relating to providing a safe working environment, protecting employees from occupational hazards and prohibiting 

child and forced labour.

During FY2018, the subsidiaries in Hong Kong, Mainland China, Malaysia and Vietnam reported 34 cases of minor 

workplace injury occurred, which resulted in a loss of 553 working days, and zero work-related fatality.

12.2 Information on employees and other workers (102-8)

As at 31 March 2018, the Group was supported by a motivated workforce of approximately 8,400 people worldwide, 

comprising approximately 4,200 male employees and 4,200 female employees. The work force are deployed in 

various countries or regions, as follows:







2.5%

0.5%

4.6%

Percentage of employees by country or region

79.4%

13.0%

Singapore

Hong Kong

Mainland China

Other Asian Coutries

Rest of the World

12.3 Average hours of training per year per employee (404-1)

The Group invests in employees through development programs to enhance their soft and hard skills as well as work 

competence in preparation for their career development. Employees participated in various workshops and training 

sessions on laws and regulations, management and leadership skills, personal development, technical competence as 

well as language and communication. In addition, orientation programme provided to new employees in production 

plants include training on safety and occupational health courses relevant to their scope of work. During the year 

ended 31 March 2018, the total number of training hours, excluding orientation programmes for new employees, 

are analysed below:

Social Topics (cont'd)


21

GP Industries Limited    Sustainability Report 2017-2018







2.8%

2.4%

1.2%

Percentage of training hours by topics

89.7%

3.9%

Technical competence

Legal compliance

Management and leadership

Personal development

Communication and language

12.4 Diversity of governance bodies and employees (405-1)

The Group adopts a policy of equal employment opportunities to ensure that every job applicant and employee has 

equal employment and promotion opportunities. Personal capability and suitability are the bases for consideration. 

The Group strives to ensure that everyone works in an environment free of discrimination and harassment. The 

profile of the Group’s workforce as at 31 March 2018 is set out below:

100%

90%

80%

70%

60%

50%

40%

30%

20%

10%

0%

Management

12.5%

33.4%

45.6%

54.3%

87.5%

66.6%

54.4%

45.7%

Middle Management

General Staff

Worker

Male

Female

Percentage of employees per employee category by gender

Social Topics (cont'd)


22

GP Industries Limited Sustainability Report 2017-2018

Further information on the Board and senior management of the Group are set out on page 20 to 23 of FY2018 AR.

The Group considers its employees the most valuable asset and offers them fair and competitive remuneration 

packages. Discretionary incentives are granted to eligible employees based on the performance of the Group 

and contribution of individual employees. Retirement schemes are offered as part of the remuneration package. 

Remuneration policies and packages are reviewed regularly to ensure that compensation and benefits are in line 

with market standards, thus helping the recruitment and retention of talent.

12.5 Community Involvement (413-1)

As a responsible corporate citizen, the Group nurtures a caring culture among employees in the workplace and 

reciprocates to the community through participation in various community events.

In Hong Kong, the Group has supported the Community Chest’s Corporate and Employee Contribution Program 

for more than a decade. The Group is also an active participant of many community activities, such as Love Teeth 

Day, flag-selling, blood drive, Earth Hour, Lai See Packets (Red Packets for Chinese New Year) Recycle Program, 

festive food donation, etc. It also organized activities including cleaning campaign, visits to elderly homes as well as 

environmental caring seminars for primary schools during the year. The Group participated in an internship program 

for tertiary students to enhance them with relevant working experience. The Group formed a team to participate in 

a fund-raising activity to support the rehabilitation of the amputees and also sponsored the underprivileged children 

to participate in a robotic summer camp.

Since 2014, GP Batteries has been a sponsor and the sole supplier of batteries for the Hong Kong Standard Chartered 

Marathon. In January 2018, the Group participated in the race with a team of over 240 runners comprising employees 

and their families to promote work-life balance and a healthy lifestyle. Training sessions and on-site support on the 

event day were provided to help runners achieve their goals effectively and safel







0.5%

4.8%

Percentage of employees by age group

59.6%

35.1%

16 - 20

21 - 40

41 - 60

&gt;60

Social Topics (cont'd)


23

GP Industries Limited    Sustainability Report 2017-2018

In recognition of the Group’s continuous commitment in good corporate citizenship, Gold Peak, the Company’s 

holding company, has been awarded the Caring Company Logo by The Hong Kong Council of Social Service for 16 

consecutive years.

In Mainland China, Zhongyin (Ningbo) Battery Co Ltd, a 70% owned subsidiary, had set up its own charity fund (中

银慈善基金会 or Zhongyin Charity Fund, the “ZY Charity Fund”) in 2005. The ZY Charity Fund contributed to fund 

the building of a primary school, 双鹿电池希望小学, in Guizhou, Mainland China in 2007. From 2007 to 2012, the 

ZY Charity Fund also funded the purchase of school uniform, computer and electronic equipment for teaching as 

well as the building of a canteen for the school children.

Social Topics (cont'd)








24

GP Industries Limited Sustainability Report 2017-2018

12.6  Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories (416-1), Supplier 

Social Assessment (414-1)

The Group is committed to producing safe and quality products.

IEC (International Electrotechnical Commission) 62133 is the safety standard for rechargeable secondary cells and 

batteries, containing alkaline or other non-acid electrolytes, which are used in portable applications. The Group’s 

IEC62133-certified lithium-ion and NiMH batteries offer quick market penetration into 53 Certification Body scheme 

participating countries. UN (United Nations) 38.3 lists the requirements for the transportation of cells, batteries or 

battery systems that are lithium metal or lithium-ion. With UN38.3 certification, all GP lithium-ion batteries are 

allowed to be easily shipped by air and sea (subject to national deviation, additional tests may be needed). 

As an established global brand, GP Batteries adheres to international safety standard. The Group’s quality assurance 

centres, located strategically in China and Singapore, are well-recognized by more than 90 international regions 

under International Laboratory Accreditation Cooperation-Mutual Recognition Agreement. The Group’s Hong Kong 

laboratory is the first and only one in Hong Kong out of six certified to UL WTDP (Witnessed Test Data Program) for 

UL1642, UL62133 and UN38.3 battery safety testing in Mainland China and Hong Kong. It is also the only one in 

Hong Kong out of five CTF (Customers’ Testing Facilities - Stage 1) approved facilities for IEC62133 battery safety 

testing in Mainland China and Hong Kong.

The Group has developed and implemented quality control systems towards hazardous substances which are produced 

in manufacturing processes to ensure all operations comply with relevant laws and regulations. Laboratories are 

established to control product quality. A quality management system is set up in accordance with the requirements 

of ISO9001:2015 and IATF16949:2016. When non-conforming or suspected non-conforming products are shipped, 

quality assurance teams will notify relevant departments for containment action (including recall, rework or sorting) 

immediately. Sales department shall notify the affected customers so that the non-conforming or suspected non-

conforming products can be quarantined, recalled or returned in a timely manner. Moreover, factory teams led by 

quality assurance will perform the failure and root cause analyses. Prompt corrective and preventive actions will be 

taken accordingly to prevent similar incidents from recurring.

The Group has set up mechanisms to receive customers’ feedback in order to continuously improve its products and 

services. During the year, a number of our international renowned customers audited some of the Group’s factories 

and affirmed that the operations and products meet their environmental and safety expectations.

Most of the Group’s factories have received ISO9001 accreditations, indicating the Group’s ability to consistently 

provide products and services that meet customers’ needs as well as applicable statutory and regulatory requirements.

Social Topics (cont'd)


25

GP Industries Limited    Sustainability Report 2017-2018





The Group’s 9V batteries are UL217 certified specifically for smoke alarm application. GP Batteries is amongst the 

first batch of lithium-ion battery brands that obtained voluntary CQC (China Quality Certification) mark in Mainland 

China, UR mark in the USA, BIS (Bureau of Indian Standards) mark in India, and MC (Malaysian Conformity) mark in 

Malaysia which demonstrate its ability to satisfy customers’ needs efficiently. 

In addition, the Group has a well-established supply chain management policy to monitor the qualification of its 

suppliers. Suppliers are qualified based on their capability to meet the product’s technical and quality requirements, 

health and safety standards and business ethics. The Group conducts random audits of its suppliers’ production sites 

to ensure their continuous compliance with the quality requirements.

12.7 Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area (419-1)

During FY2018, the Group complied with all relevant laws and regulations that have significant impact on the Group 

relating to (i) compensation and benefits, recruitment and promotion, working hours, holidays, dismissal, social 

insurance, equal opportunity, diversity, antidiscrimination, and other benefits and welfare; and (ii) health and safety 

matters on products and services provided and methods of redress.

Social Topics (cont'd)


26

GP Industries Limited Sustainability Report 2017-2018

S/N

Primary Component

Section Reference

1

Material topics

Stakeholder Engagement

2

Policies, practices and performance

§	Statement from Chairman

§	The Group’s Sustainability Story

§	Economic Topics, Environmental Topics and Social Topics

3

Board statement

Statement of the Board and Governance

4

Targets

The Group’s Sustainability Story

5

Framework

Reporting Practice

SGX Five Primary Components Index 

SGX Five Primary Components Index


27

GP Industries Limited    Sustainability Report 2017-2018

GRI Standards

Disclosure Content

Section Reference/Comment

General Disclosures

GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016

102-1

Name of the organisation

Paragraph 1

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

Paragraph 2

102-3

Location of headquarters

Paragraph 2

102-4

Location of operations

Paragraph 2

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Paragraph 2

102-6

Markets served

Paragraph 2

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Paragraph 2

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Paragraph 12.2

102-9

Supply chain

Paragraph 2

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain

No significant changes

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

The Group does not specifically 

address the principles of the 

precautionary approach

102-14

Statement from senior decision maker

Paragraph 5

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior

Paragraph 4

102-18

Governance structure

Paragraph 5

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Paragraph 8

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Paragraph 8

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Paragraph 8

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Paragraph 8

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements

Page 106 to 109 of FY2018 AR

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

Paragraph 9

102-47

List of material topics

Paragraph 9

102-48

Restatements of information

Not applicable (inaugural report)

GRI Standards Content Index

GRI Standards Content Index


28

GP Industries Limited Sustainability Report 2017-2018

GRI Standards

Disclosure Content

Section Reference/Comment

102-49

Changes in reporting

Not applicable (inaugural report)

102-50

Reporting period

Financial year ended 31 March 

2018

102-51

Date of most recent report

Not applicable (inaugural report)

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annually

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

gpind@gp-industries.com

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards

Paragraph 7

102-55

GRI content index

This section

102-56

External assurance

Paragraph 7

Economic

GRI 201: Economic Performance 2016

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

Paragraph 10.1

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016

205-2

Communication and training about anti-corruption 

policies and procedures

Paragraph 4

Environmental

GRI 301: Materials 2016

301-1

Materials used by weight or volume

Paragraph 11.1

GRI 302: Energy 2016

302-1

Energy consumption within the organization

Paragraph 11.2

GRI 303: Water 2016

303-1

Water withdrawal by source

Paragraph 11.3

GRI 306: Effluents and Waste 2016

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

Paragraph 11.4

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 2016

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations

Paragraph 11.5

GRI Standards Content Index (cont'd)


29

GP Industries Limited    Sustainability Report 2017-2018

GRI Standards

Disclosure Content

Section Reference/Comment

Social

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2016

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number of 

work-related fatalities

Paragraph 12.1

GRI 404: Training and Education 2016

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

Paragraph 12.3

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

Paragraph 12.4

GRI 413: Local Communities 2016

413-1

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programs

Paragraph 12.5

GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment 2016

414-1

New suppliers that were screened using social criteria

Paragraph 12.6

GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 2016

416-1

Assessment of the health and safety impacts of 

product and service categories

Paragraph 12.6

GRI 419: Socio Economic Compliance 2016

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area

Paragraph 12.7

GRI Standards Content Index (cont'd)




