


Sustainability Report 2020-2021


This page has been intentionally left blank.


GP Industries Limited    SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT  2020-2021

1

1. 

Statement from Chairman 

2. 

Organizational Profile 

3. 

The Group’s Sustainability Story 

4. 

Ethics and Integrity 

5. 

Statement of the Board and Governance 

6. 

Material ESG factors – Policies, Practices, Performance and Targets 

7. 

Reporting Practice 

8. 

Stakeholder Engagement 

9. 

Material Topics and Boundaries 

10. Economic Topics 

10.1 Direct economic value generated and distributed (201-1) 

11. Environmental Topics 

11.1 Materials used by weight or volume (301-1) 

11.2 Energy consumption within the organization (302-1) 

11.3 Water withdrawal by source (303-1) 

11.4 Waste by type and disposal method (306-2) 

11.5 Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations (307-1) 

12. Social Topics 

12.1 Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost days, 

 

and absenteeism, and number of work related fatalities (403-2) 

12.2 Information on employees and other workers (102-8) 

12.3 Average hours of training per year per employee (404-1) 

12.4 Diversity of governance bodies and employees (405-1) 

12.5 Community Involvement (413-1) 

12.6 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and 

 

service categories (416-1), Supplier social assessment (414-1) 

12.7 Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area 

 

(419-1) 

SGX Five Primary Components Index 

GRI Standards Content Index 

2

3

5

14

16

17

18

19

20

21

21

22

23

24

24

25

25

26

26

27

28

29

30

31

 

33

34

35

CONTENT


2

Statement from Chairman

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of GP Industries Limited (the “Company” or “GP Industries”) is pleased to present 

the sustainability report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the financial year ended 31 March 2021 

(“FY2021”).

The Group is committed to protect the environment and be socially responsible to its stakeholders which include 

its employees, customers, suppliers, shareholders, government and regulatory authorities and local communities. 

The Group values stakeholders’ views and actively collaborates with stakeholders to achieve its objectives towards 

sustainable development.

As a major global developer, manufacturer and distributor of primary and rechargeable batteries as well as one of the 

largest consumer battery producers in China, the Group complies with the highest international safety standards and 

good manufacturing practices and has made its batteries products safe, reliable, eco-friendly and of high quality.

At GP Industries, we value the contributions of all employees and remunerate them fairly. We implement adequate 

safety practices at our workplaces to ensure the safety of our employees onsite.

This sustainability report summarises the Group’s initiatives and achievements in embracing sustainability as part of its 

culture. It also sets out the Group’s targets, in qualitative terms, regarding its sustainability efforts. 

The Group will continue to engage its stakeholders so as to remain relevant in addressing their major concerns.

FY2021 was one of the most challenging years that the Group has encountered. The COVID-19 pandemic and the 

human calamity that came with it caused major disruption to global trade and business operations. I would like to 

extend my gratitude to our staff members for their dedication and hard work during the challenging year. I wish to 

thank my fellow Board members and management team for their commitment and engagement. I also thank our 

stakeholders, including customers, suppliers, shareholders and bankers for their unfailing support and trust in this most 

difficult financial year. 

Victor LO Chung Wing

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

17 August 2021

1. STATEMENT 

 

FROM CHAIRMAN


GP Industries Limited    SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT  2020-2021

3

Batteries

Electronics and Acoustics

Automotive Wire Harness

Organizational Profile

2. ORGANIZATIONAL 

PROFILE

2021

2.8%

80.0%

17.2%

2020

3.3%

75.0%

21.7%

The Company is incorporated in Singapore and has been listed on the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) since 1995. It is the main industrial investment vehicle of Hong Kong-listed Gold Peak 

Industries (Holdings) Limited (“Gold Peak”) which currently owns an 85.59% interest in the Company as at 17 August 

2021.

The Company is principally engaged in holding of investment in subsidiaries and associates, and is the regional 

headquarters of the Group. The Group is principally engaged in the development, manufacture and marketing 

of batteries and related products, and electronic and acoustic products. In addition, the Group also manufactures 

automotive wire harness products. 

In addition to the manufacturing of batteries and electronic and acoustic products on an original equipment manufacturing 

and original design manufacturing bases, the Group has built renowned brand names for its major product categories, 

such as “GP” batteries (“GP Batteries”), “KEF” premium consumer loudspeakers and music systems, and “CELESTION” 

professional speaker drivers, which are marketed and distributed globally. In addition, the Group also manufactures, 

markets and distributes the “双鹿” batteries and markets and distributes certain types of “Toshiba” batteries in 

Mainland China.

The Group has a strong and extensive manufacturing and distribution network. The Group’s manufacturing activities 

are mainly carried out in Mainland China, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam. The Group has established subsidiaries 

in Singapore, Mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Japan, Malaysia, United Kingdom, Germany, United States of 

America, Poland and South Korea to market and distribute the Group’s products. A substantial part of the Group’s 

management and administrative activities are carried out in Hong Kong.

The Group’s revenue for FY2021 and the financial year ended 31 March 2020 (“FY2020”) analysed by business segments 

and geographic areas are as follows:

Revenue analysed by business segments


4

Revenue analysed by geographical areas

Asia

America

Europe

Others

2020

2021

1.5%

28.4%

46.9%

23.2%

Organizational Profile (cont’d)

1.4%

30.4%

43.9%

24.3%

The Group’s major suppliers are mainly located in China. The Group’s purchases include metals and chemicals used 

for the manufacturing of batteries, electronic components, wood panels and wooden boxes for the manufacturing of 

electronics and acoustics products, and moulding parts, terminals and connectors for manufacturing of automotive wire 

harness products. 

The Group’s associates are principally engaged in the manufacturing of metallic products, electronic components, 

electronic cables, wires and cable assemblies, acoustics products, and manufacturing, marketing and trading of batteries 

and battery products.


GP Industries Limited    SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT  2020-2021

5

The Group’s Sustainability Story

Conservation, Product Excellence and Corporate Social Responsibility

The Group has always held a high standard for environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) issues. In addition to 

complying with relevant laws and regulations on environmental protection matters, the Group is always mindful of 

conserving resources. For example, the design of the Group’s factory for the manufacturing of electronics and acoustic 

products conserves electricity consumption by allowing more sunlight to enter into the building. On a daily basis, 

employees are always reminded to minimise paper consumption by recycling used paper whenever possible.

The Group strives to develop innovative products that are both eco-friendly and cost-efficient in order to enrich the 

daily experience and improve the living standard of its customers as a whole. During FY2021, KEF launched Mu3 noise 

cancelling true wireless earphones to deliver pure and accurate sound. The Group’s new wireless music systems, KEF 

LS50 Wireless II sound system and KC62 subwoofer, launched during FY2021 were very well received by the market.

The Batteries Business has dedicated significant amount of resources and efforts to its research and development centre 

for the development of new products and introduction of advanced equipment. In order to meet the increasing market 

demand, GP Batteries has equipped itself with cost-effective automated systems that enhance productivity and quality 

control. The Batteries Business’ quality management system and manufacturing process is data-driven and follows the 

continuous improvement philosophy. Factors / parameters that could affect product quality are hence prevented by data 

automation. 

To enhance the future competitiveness of the Group, new centers of excellence are being set up in key cities including 

Hong Kong, Kuala Lumpur, London, Shenzhen and Singapore. The strategic plan is not only to expand the Group’s 

talent base, but also enable the Group to be more responsive to the latest consumer trends and technologies in the 

regions surrounding these global cities.

The Group cares about the community by organizing and participating in various social caring events. Driven by this 

fundamental value, the Group continues to put in resources to protect environment, promote health and safety in the 

workplace, take an active role in shouldering corporate social responsibility and stay committed to providing the best 

products and services for its customers and the community.

Sustainability Targets 

It is the Group’s long-term sustainability targets to:

• 

Limit the use of hazardous substances

• 

Lower energy consumption during manufacturing

• 

Maintain zero occupational health and safety incidents

3. THE GROUP’S 

 

SUSTAINABILITY STORY


6

The Group’s Sustainability Story (cont’d)

Noteworthy Sustainability Initiatives

Zero Waste to Landfill Validation

The mantra “Reduce, Reuse, Recycle” is more than a way of life or business; for the Batteries Business, it’s a promise. 

In 2020, the Batteries Business delivered on that promise and became the first in the battery industry to receive UL’s 

(Underwriters Laboratories) Silver Zero Waste to Landfill (“ZWTL”) Validation. This important validation recognizes 

companies that handle waste in environmentally responsible and innovative ways from energy production via incineration 

to reuse, recycling and composting.

In addition, the Batteries Business marked another milestone in its commitment to advancing sustainability performance 

by achieving UL’s Gold ZWTL Validation for a manufacturing facility in Malaysia. As the first plant in Malaysia to receive 

the Gold ZWTL Validation, the plant located in Tebrau, Malaysia has met the requirement of waste diversion levels of 

95% to 99% by implementing best practices and process improvements that have helped increase waste diversion.

During FY2021, two battery factories in Malaysia, including the one located at Tebrau, received UL’s Gold ZWTL 

Validation, and two battery factories, each located in China and Malaysia, received UL’s Silver ZWTL Validation.




GP Industries Limited    SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT  2020-2021

7

The Group’s Sustainability Story (cont’d)

ENVIRONMENTAL CLAIM VALIDATION SUMMARY

GP Batteries (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.

GP Batteries (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. TEBRAU site

Report Number:

Validation Period:

12/28/2020 - 12/28/2021

Claim:

Method:

Facility:

GP Batteries (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. TEBRAU site has achieved Zero Waste to Landfill Gold Operations, 96% diversion, 

with 4% Thermal Processing with Energy Recovery.

UL 2799A Environmental Claim Validation Procedure (ECVP) for Zero Waste Classifications

No.17 &amp; 17A, Jalan Firma 2, Kawasan Perindustrian Tebrau, 81100 Johor Bahru, Johor, Johor Bahru, Johor, 

Malaysia, 81100

205127-4160

 

© 2019 UL • 2211 Newmarket Parkway, Marietta, GA 30067-9399 USA • T: 888.485.4733 • F: 770.980.0072 • W: ul.com/environment



The project teams on location in Malaysia continue to be dedicated to the zero waste to landfill initiative and carry 

out the project in unique ways based on their particular locations, challenges, and waste streams with an emphasis on 

waste classification and sorting.

In addition to extensive staff training to ensure waste is correctly diverted for recycling or reuse, innovative practices 

have also been put in place, including reusing metal or plastic bins as trash cans to fully utilize the recycled resources.

Devised to measure and validate companies’ commitment to diverting waste, UL’s ZWTL Validation offers a credible 

third-party verification, which allows companies and organizations to prove their environmental leadership in the 

market. GP Batteries has worked with UL to continue to advance its ZWTL efforts with the vision that more facilities will

achieve validation in the years to come.


8

Greener Batteries



The Group develops more sustainable sources of power for people’s everyday lives. ReCyko, GP Batteries’ nickel metal 

hydride (“NiMH”) rechargeable batteries, have been designed to reduce energy usage, consumption of fresh raw 

materials, pollution and waste to landfill. Significant investment has also been committed for promoting ReCyko 

rechargeable batteries to encourage consumers worldwide to reduce their consumption of single-use batteries.



The Group is constantly looking for ways to increase the use of recycled materials in our battery products. GP Batteries 

is the first battery company in Greater China that has obtained voluntary UL Environmental Claim Validation (“ECV”) 

certificate for recycled content (UL ECVP 2809) and many of the Group’s rechargeable battery models contain at least 

10% recycled material.

The Group’s Sustainability Story (cont’d)


GP Industries Limited    SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT  2020-2021

9

Planet-friendly Packaging



 

Beyond the products themselves, the Group is actively exploring ways to increase the use of recycled materials in 

packaging. For instance, the new range of ReCyko rechargeable batteries and chargers features plastic-free FSC (Forest 

Stewardship Council) certified paper packaging.

Safety first



As one of the world’s leading battery brands, GP Batteries is committed to providing products that live up to the highest 

international safety standards. GP Batteries adheres to strict safety requirements and the Group’s quality assurance 

centres and laboratories have been well-recognized by international bodies. GP Batteries’ emphasis on safety doesn’t 

end at the product itself – for example, GP Batteries also introduced childproof packaging for its lithium battery coins 

to prevent children from accidental battery ingestion.

The Group’s Sustainability Story (cont’d)


10

Noteworthy Awards

During FY2021, the Group received a number of awards in recognition of its efforts in protecting the environment and 

product innovation: 

Batteries Business

• 

GP Batteries International Limited and three factories in China 

     Bank of China (Hong Kong) (“BOCHK”) and Federation of Hong Kong Industries

• 

EcoPartner, 3 Years+ EcoPioneer or  5 Years+ EcoPioneer of BOCHK Corporate Environmental 

Leadership Awards

 

• 

GP Batteries International Limited 

     Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency 

• 

CSR Advocate Mark 

The Group’s Sustainability Story (cont’d)




GP Industries Limited    SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT  2020-2021

11

Acoustics Business

• 

KEF LS50 Meta loudspeaker

     What Hi-Fi? Sound &amp; Vision, UK

• 

Product of the year 2020 – Best Stereo Speakers

• 

Best Standmount Speaker £750-£1500

• 

KEF LS50 Meta loudspeaker’s Metamaterial Absorption Technology

     What Hi-Fi? Sound &amp; Vision, UK

• 

Innovation of the Year 2020

• 

KEF LS50 Wireless II

      What Hi-Fi? Sound &amp; Vision, UK

• 

Product of the year 2020 – Best Systems

• 

Best All-in-one System over £1000

• 

KEF Reference series 

     Home Theatre File Plus, Japan

• 

VGP Summer 2020 Award

The Group’s Sustainability Story (cont’d)


12

Considering Stakeholders’ Interest amid the COVID-19 Pandemic

The Group recognises the importance for all of its stakeholders to weather the COVID-19  pandemic together. The 

following are some of the efforts of the Group in taking the interests of its stakeholders into consideration while 

achieving the Group’s business objectives during this challenging period. As the COVID-19 situation evolves, such efforts 

are reviewed and refined from time to time.  

Employees

Amid the COVID-19 pandemic, in addition to full compliance with the relevant regulations and legislations imposed by 

various governments and jurisdictions regarding workplace safe management and movement controls, the Group has 

taken the following precautionary measures to safeguard our workplace in its entirety. A designated task force was 

formed to enhance implementation of hygienic measures. Temperature screening procedure was conducted on every 

person entering the workplaces. Commonly touched areas in workplaces were disinfected regularly. Adequate face 

masks and disinfectant were provided in workplaces. Employees were reminded to maintain good personal hygiene 

such as wearing face masks in their workplaces and washing hands frequently. Employees were also required to declare 

personal health condition and recent travel history before resumption of work.

The Hong Kong office also implemented special precautionary measures to safeguard the health of its employees when 

Hong Kong was on high alert against the spread of COVID-19 at the beginning of FY2021. Such special measures 

included special transportation arrangements, flexible working hours and provision of in-house meals were arranged 

for employees to reduce exposures in crowded places and thus risk of infection. Shift duties and work from home 

arrangements were also implemented to reduce contacts among employees while maintaining smooth business 

operation. Employees who displayed symptoms of fever or other respiratory illness were advised to seek immediate 

medical advice and take sick leave. The Group provided special leave arrangement for employees who were subject to 

compulsory quarantine ordered by the governments during the pandemic.

As the COVID-19 situation in Hong Kong became under control towards the end of FY2021, the Hong Kong office has 

ended or refined some of such measures. 

After the COVID-19 vaccines have become available, the Hong Kong office also implemented special arrangements to 

facilitate employees to get vaccinated.

All business travels have been reduced to minimal. The Group encouraged the use of telecommuting wherever possible 

in order to minimise guest visits to office premises and reduce physical meetings, both internally and with external 

parties.

The Group’s Sustainability Story (cont’d)


GP Industries Limited    SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT  2020-2021

13

Customers and Suppliers

Physical lockdowns in a number of countries adversely affected physical movement of finished products and raw 

materials. Active engagements with customers and suppliers enabled the Group to arrive at optimal solutions and 

minimised disruption to the Group’s operations.

The Group’s policy of maintaining alternative suppliers for critical materials also diversified the risk of over reliance on a 

single supplier amid the supply chain disruptions.  

Local Communities

Amidst the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group could not continue with some of its community services due to the various 

safe management measures implemented. However, the Group attended to some of the needs of the community 

arising from the pandemic. Such efforts are discussed in paragraph 12.5.  

Other Stakeholders

The Group also recognises the importance of updating the Group’s capital providers with its latest development. Such 

capital providers include shareholders who provide equity, and lenders which provide loan capital. 

On 2 June 2020, the Group provided its shareholders with a business update on the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak 

via an announcement to SGX-ST, which sets out how COVID-19 affected the revenue and financial performance of the 

Group for the financial quarter ended 31 March 2020, as well as the cost control measures implemented by the Group 

in mitigating the adverse financial impact arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, the Group also released 

voluntary business update announcements on 11 September 2020, 5 February 2021 and 13 August 2021 to update 

stakeholders with an overview of the Group’s business performance and the impact of COVID-19 on the Group’s 

operations. 

The Group also engages the lenders more regularly, in order to facilitate the lenders to understand how COVID-19 

has impacted the Group’s businesses as well as the strategies and measures the Group has adopted in meeting the 

challenges.

The Group’s Sustainability Story (cont’d)


14

Ethics and Integrity

Business Ethics and Integrity

The Group subscribes to the principles of fair business practices and refrain from unfair trade practices, such as bribery 

and corruption, and strives to achieve business growth through fair market competition. The Group is committed to 

ensuring that its affairs are conducted with the highest standard of probity and in compliance with the law and strives to 

uphold the highest levels of business conduct and integrity in all transactions and interactions. Directors of the Company 

(the “Directors”) have a responsibility to lead by example. The Board has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and 

Ethics for the Directors (the “Ethics Code”). The Ethics Code serves to guide the Directors on the following areas of 

ethical risk and sets a framework where integrity and accountability are paramount:

(i)  

avoid conflict of interest in (a) corporate opportunities; and (b) other board appointments;

(ii)  

maintain confidentiality of confidential or proprietary information that a Director may learn of when discharging 

his duties as a Director;

(iii)  compliance with laws, rules and regulations, including those relating to the dealing in the Company’s securities; 

and

(iv)  fair dealing with customers, suppliers, competitors and employees.

The Ethics Code requires Directors to practise and promote ethical behaviour. Through the adoption of the Ethics 

Code, the Board affirms it shall take steps to ensure the Company encourages its employees (i) to seek guidance from 

supervisors, managers and appropriate personnel when in doubt about the best course of action in any particular 

situation; and (ii) to report any violations of laws and Company policy.

The Ethics Code also sets out the channel of communication for the Directors to report matters concerning improper 

business conducts and unethical practices.

Whistleblowing Policy 

The Audit and Risk Committee has established a whistleblowing policy, whereby staff and outsider party may raise 

concerns about possible improprieties such as irregularities in financial reporting, fraudulent acts, bribery and corruption 

and other matters allegedly committed by management and staff of the Company or its subsidiaries. Pursuant to the 

whistleblowing policy:

(i)   

arrangements are in place for independent investigations of such matters and review of the outcome of the 

follow-up actions; 

(ii) 

the identity of the whistle blower is kept confidential; and

(iii)  any form of disadvantage or reprisal against the whistle blower by management is expressly prohibited.

4. ETHICS AND 

 

INTEGRITY


GP Industries Limited    SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT  2020-2021

15

Ethics and Integrity (cont’d)

Anti-Corruption

The Group is committed to preventing corruption, bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering, as well as complying 

with applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations. It prohibits its employees from offering, making or receiving 

any bribes or kickbacks for the purpose of securing improper business advantages, or otherwise engaging in corrupt 

activities or practices.

The Group’s whistleblowing policy also enables suspected corruptive practices within the Group to be reported in 

strictest confidence. 

During FY2021, the Group complied with all relevant laws and regulations that have significant impact on the Group 

relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. No legal case regarding corrupt practices was brought 

against the Group or its employees.

Interested Person Transactions (“IPTs”) 

The Company has adopted an internal policy in respect of any transaction with interested persons and has set out the 

procedures for review and approval of the Group’s IPTs. Please refer to the section on Interested Person Transactions in 

the Group’s Annual Report for FY2021 (“FY2021 AR”) for our disclosure in accordance with Rule 907 of the SGX-ST 

Listing Manual in respect of IPTs for FY2021.

Dealing in Securities

The Group has adopted a Code of Best Practices on Securities Transactions with respect to dealings in securities by 

Directors and officers of the Group. 

Directors and officers of the Group are prohibited from dealing in the Company’s securities during the period 

commencing two weeks before the announcement of the Company’s results for each of the first three quarters of its 

financial year, and one month before the announcement of the Company’s full year results (if the Company announces 

its quarterly financial statements, whether required by SGX-ST or otherwise), or one month before the announcement 

of its half-yearly results (if the Company does not announce quarterly financial statements), and one month before the 

announcement of the Company’s full year results, ending on the date of the relevant announcement of the results. 

On 14 February 2020, the Company announced that it would cease quarterly reporting with immediate effect, as allowed 

by the amended Rules of the SGX-ST effective 7 February 2020. Accordingly, the Company would only announce its 

half-yearly and full year results with effect from 14 February 2020. Directors and officers are also prohibited from 

dealing in the Company’s securities when they are in possession of potentially price sensitive information.

Directors and officers of the Group are also not expected to deal in the Company’s securities on considerations of a 

short-term nature.

The Company has complied with its Code of Best Practices on Securities Transactions.


16

Statement of the Board and Governance

Sustainability Strategy

Sustainability is a key factor to the long-term success of the Group, which enhances the stakeholder value. In formulating 

its business strategies, due consideration is given by the Board to risks and opportunities arising from the sustainability 

issues.

Sustainability Governance

The Board has delegated the responsibility for monitoring and overseeing the Group’s sustainability efforts to 

management, comprising the Executive Directors and the heads of functional departments, such as finance and human 

resources, and business units. In addition, an Environmental, Health and Safety (“EHS”) Committee has been formed 

to evaluate and determine the EHS related risks pertaining to the Group’s businesses and ensure appropriate internal 

controls are in place. 

The Board incorporates sustainability issues into the strategic formulation of the Group. The Board approves the material 

environmental, social and economic factors identified by the EHS Committee, and ensures that the factors identified are 

well-managed and monitored by the EHS Committee.

The Board believes that this sustainability report provides a reasonable and transparent presentation of the Group’s 

sustainability strategy and of its ESG performance, including how its sustainability strategies are refined in responding 

to the changing environment.

The Group’s approach to sustainability governance is summarised as follows:

Management

• 

Approve the identifed material ESG factors identified and oversee that such factors are 

managed and monitored

EHS Committee

• 

Establish EHS management strategies and objectives to ensure sustainability

• 

Evaluate and determine EHS related risks

• 

Recognise stakeholders’ needs

• 

Review, monitor and assess EHS strategies

Functional Departments

• 

Comply with all relevant laws and regulations

• 

Communicate EHS policies and provide EHS trainings to employees

• 

Enforce operation and internal controls

EHS Task Force

• 

Audit and investigate EHS issues

• 

Improve and take corrective action

Employees

• 

Execute the Group’s sustainability initiatives

• 

Provide internal feedback to management

5. STATEMENT OF THE 

 

BOARD AND GOVERNANCE 


GP Industries Limited    SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT  2020-2021

17

Material ESG factors – Policies, Practices, Performance and Targets

The Group identifies and evaluates material ESG factors regularly to ensure such factors are relevant in a rapidly 

changing business environment and to the Group’s evolving business strategies. The Group recognises engagement 

with stakeholders is critical to the successful identification of material ESG factors.

The existing framework and policy are reviewed and enhanced continuously. In addition, realistic achievement targets 

are set with proper parameters determined for evaluation of the progress.

6.  MATERIAL ESG 

 

FACTORS – POLICIES, PRACTICES, 

PERFORMANCE AND TARGETS


18

Reporting Practice

This sustainability report is prepared in accordance with the Sustainability Reporting Guide of SGX-ST, and the Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards.

The report incorporates the primary components of report content as set out by the SGX-ST’s “Comply or Explain” 

requirements on sustainability reporting under Rule 711B of the SGX-ST Listing Manual.

This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards’ “Core” option. The GRI Standards represent the 

global best practices for reporting on economic, environmental and social topics. 

This report supplements the Group’s FY2021 AR. Detailed section reference with GRI Standards is found at the end of 

this report. 

GRI does not require external assurance and Management has assessed that external assurance is not required for this 

FY2021 report.

The consolidated financial statements of the Group for FY2021, as set out in its FY2021 AR, incorporate the financial 

statements of the Company and its subsidiaries made up to 31 March 2021. Information of the significant subsidiaries 

of the Company are set out on page 110 to 114 of FY2021 AR.

This report does not cover the ESG performance of the associates of the Group, as the Group does not have control in 

these entities. Information of the significant associates of the Company are set out on page 114 to 117 of FY2021 AR. 

The Board is also pleased to note that some of the significant associates have already embarked on their sustainability 

journey and such information (1) can be accessed as follows:

Name of associate

Report or sustainability initiatives

Dongguan Jifu Metallic Products Ltd.

Social Responsibility Policy (Labour and Corporate Ethics Policy)  

Linkz International Limited

Manufacturing Plants - Green Approach

Meiloon Industrial Co., Ltd.

2018 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 

Corporate Social Responsibility

RoHS 2 / REACH

Industry-Academic Cooperation

Conflict Minerals Sourcing Policy

Conflict Minerals - EICC Report

Stakeholder Engagement

STL Technology Co., Ltd 

Social Corporate Responsibility and Conflict Mineral Policy

Stakeholder Engagement

Time Interconnect Technology Limited

Sustainability &amp; Social Responsibility

ESG Report for FY2021 set out on page 52 to 80 of the annual report of 

Time Interconnect Technology Limited for FY2021

(1) Information on website is correct as at 17 August 2021

7. REPORTING 

 

PRACTICE


GP Industries Limited    SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT  2020-2021

19

Stakeholder Engagement

The Company is committed to stakeholder engagement as a core component of the Group’s sustainability strategy. 

Stakeholder engagement enables the Group to address the material issues, topics or concerns which affect our 

stakeholders, so that the Group can align its sustainability strategy with those of the stakeholders. 

We identify key stakeholders as groups which have material impact or could potentially be impacted by our operations. 

The following is a summary of our key stakeholders, how they are principally engaged and what are the key topics and 

concerns raised:

Stakeholder

Method of engagement

Topics and concerns

Employees

Ÿ 

Internal communications, formal and 

informal

Ÿ 

Career development 

Ÿ 

Working environment and wellbeing

Ÿ 

Remuneration and benefits

Ÿ 

Compliance with local labour laws

Customers

Ÿ 

Meetings

Ÿ 

Feedback

Ÿ 

Pricing

Ÿ 

Product safety

Ÿ 

EHS practices

Ÿ 

Ethical practices

Suppliers 

Ÿ 

Suppliers’ assessment

Ÿ 

Economic performance

Ÿ 

Ethical practices

Shareholders

Ÿ 

Annual reports

Ÿ 

Annual general meeting

Ÿ 

Investor relationship management

Ÿ 

Economic performance

Ÿ 

Distribution to shareholders

Government and regulatory 

authorities

Ÿ 

Periodic reports and returns

Ÿ 

Ongoing dialogues

Ÿ 

Compliance with laws and regulations

Local communities

Ÿ 

Engagement in community services

Ÿ 

Environmental impacts

Ÿ 

Community engagement

8. STAKEHOLDER 

 

ENGAGEMENT


20

Material Topics and Boundaries

Material topics are identified by communications with stakeholders as discussed in paragraph 8. Reporting and disclosure 

requirements imposed by regulatory authorities are also considered. Material sustainability topics of the peers are also 

considered if they are relevant to the Group. The identified material topics are then evaluated internally and prioritised 

accordingly to the impact to the stakeholders and attributable to the risk and opportunities.

Material topics discussed in this report

Boundaries (i.e. which segment, country or 

subsidiary, where applicable)

Economic

Market presence

By country

Economic performance

Group-wide

Anti-corruption

Environmental

Materials

Group-wide

Energy

Water

Effluents and waste

Environmental compliance

Social

Occupational health and safety

Group-wide

Training and education

Diversity and equal opportunity

Local communities

Supplier social assessment

Customer health and safety

Socioeconomic compliance

For questions or feedback about this sustainability report, please contact us at gpind@gp-industries.com.

9. MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

AND BOUNDARIES


GP Industries Limited    SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT  2020-2021

21

10.1 Direct economic value generated and distributed (201-1)

Economic performance is considered important to the Group as this is a key indicator on the Group’s capability to meet 

the expectation of various groups of stakeholders. The Group’s income statement for FY2021 are set out on page 32 of 

FY2021 AR. The following is a statement of direct economic value generated and distributed of the Group for FY2021, 

as compiled from the afore-mentioned income statement and other information set out in FY2021 AR:

The components of economic value generated and distributed are set out below:

2021

S$’ million

2020

S$’ million

Direct economic value generated:

1,227.4

1,122.9

Revenue

1,182.1

1,062.4

Proceeds from disposal of assets (2)

2.8

37.1

Share of results of associates, net of taxation

42.5

23.4

Economic value distributed:

1,198.1

1,103.0

Operating costs (3)

938.8

843.5

Employee wages and benefits (3)

213.0

202.3

Payments to providers of capital (finance costs and dividends)

34.5

38.2

Payments to government

11.8

19.0

Economic value retained: 

29.3

19.9

(2) Includes restructuring charges of S$17.6 million for FY2020.

(3) Includes economic value distributed attributable to community investments activities, which was not separately 

identified. 

The Group’s revenue for FY2021 was 11.3% higher than that for the financial year ended 31 March 2020 (“FY2020”). 

The outbreak of COVID-19 during the last financial quarter of FY2020 adversely affected the Group’s revenue for 

FY2020, which was a decline of 9.0% compared to the revenue for the financial year ended 31 March 2019. The 

recovery in FY2021 was mainly attributable to an 18.8% revenue growth of the Batteries Business, and a 26.2% 

revenue growth from the sales of KEF products.

1,230.0

1,210.0

1,190.0

1,170.0

1,150.0

1,130.0

1,110.0

1,090.0

1,070.0

S$’M

2021

Generated

Distributed

Retained

Economic value

1,230.0

1,210.0

1,190.0

1,170.0

1,150.0

1,130.0

1,110.0

1,090.0

1,070.0

S$’M

2020

Generated

Distributed

Retained

Economic value

Economic Topics

10. ECONOMIC 

 

TOPICS


22

Environmental Topics

Environmental Protection

The Group believes that environmental protection is an important objective in operation. It strives to maintain green 

operations and develop products that help to enhance low carbon society, minimize adverse environmental impacts 

and achieve sustainable development. The Group engages in energy efficient practices and strives to reduce energy 

consumption to alleviate effects on global warming.

The Group enhances conservative and efficient use of resources through automation. It adopts clean production 

practices and preventive measures throughout the whole lifecycle of its products in order to minimize environmental 

impact, and pursue growth and sustainability. Production and operation processes are reviewed and analysed to identify 

environmentally friendly and cost-effective technology so as to reduce emissions, use of hazardous materials, energy 

consumption and waste production. Video and phone conferences are encouraged to reduce business travel-related 

carbon footprint. Duplex printing and paperless operation are advocated to conserve natural resources.

It is also the Group’s policy to improve its operations and minimize its adverse impact on the environment and natural 

resources. The environmental risks relating to EHS legislations are being assessed and mitigated during the design and 

development of its products. Pre-development support teams are formed as early as in the concept phase to review the 

products’ design-for-manufacturability and environmental impact. 

Sustainability will be a major emphasis in developing the Group’s products and manufacturing capabilities. The Group is 

working on more sustainable products, using recycled materials and reviewing packaging strategy. Its target is to make 

all production materials and wastes reusable and recyclable. Moving forward, the Group will do its best to help save the 

planet with the ambition to drive the industry both in standards and performance as well as to produce batteries in a 

more sustainable way.

The Group’s factories have been accredited with ISO14001. The accreditations demonstrate that the Group has 

established an effective environmental management system to control and manage hazardous substances.





Place and date:



For the issuing office:

Singapore, 20 January 2020

DNV GL - Business Assurance

16 Science Park Drive, DNV GL 

Technology Centre, Singapore, 118227



Wee Kiah Boon

Management Representative

Lack of fulfilment of conditions as set out in the Certification Agreement may render this Certificate invalid.

ACCREDITED UNIT: DNV GL Business Assurance Australia Pty Limited., Level 7, 124 Walker Street, North Sydney NSW 2060, Australia

TEL:+61 2 9922 1966. www.dnvgl.com/assurance

MANAGEMENT SYSTEM 

CERTIFICATE

Certificate No:

10000304400-MSC-JAS-ANZ-MYS

Initial certification date:

17 January 2020

Valid:

17 January 2020 - 16 January 2023

This is to certify that the management system of

GP Batteries (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd

Plo 171, Jalan Persiaran Cyber, Kawasan Perindustrian Senai 3, 81400, 

Senai, Johor, Malaysia

has been found to conform to the Environmental Management System standard:

ISO 14001:2015

This certificate is valid for the following scope:

Manufacture of Alkaline Batteries and Parts Thereof









11. ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

TOPICS


GP Industries Limited    SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT  2020-2021

23

Environmental Topics (cont’d)

As discussed under paragraph 3, some factories of the Group in China and Malaysia received UL Zero Waste to Landfill 

Validation to acknowledge their achievements in minimizing production waste, diverting the waste from the landfill 

for reuse, recycling and incineration with energy recovery, as well as its commitment to sustainable development. The 

Group intends to gradually have all its manufacturing plants accredited with such validation.

The Group’s revenue for FY2021 was 11.3% higher than that of FY2020. As a result, packaging material used, energy 

consumption, water withdrawal and waste generated increased. A change in sales mix (with increase in revenue 

reported by the Batteries Business and KEF while decrease in revenue from the sales of professional audio products 

was reported) contributed to the increase in intensity, expressed as resources consumed or waste generated per million 

dollar of revenue of such environmental topics discussed below.

11.1 Materials used by weight or volume (301-1)

The Group uses eco-friendly packaging materials for finished products. Apart from the necessary protection for shipment, 

the Group strives to avoid excessive packaging design. Types of packaging material usually include cardboards, paper 

and plastics. Product packaging is constantly reviewed in order to reduce material usage and minimize the impact on 

the environment. 

The weight and intensity of packaging material used, determined by direct measurements or estimation as deemed 

appropriate by the concerned entity, are as follows:

2021

Tons

2020

Tons

Restated (4)

Weight 

4,712.4

4,685.5

Intensity (per S$ million revenue)

3.986

4.410

(4) Prior period comparative figures have been restated to conform to current year’s presentation.

In addition to reduce material usage, the Group also strives to increase the use of eco-friendly packaging material. For 

example, the Batteries Business is in the process of changing the packaging of GP Batteries to eco-friendly packaging 

such as no-plastic package and plastic-free FSC certified paper packaging.


24

Environmental Topics (cont’d)

11.2 Energy consumption within the organization (302-1)

The Group educates and enhances staff awareness on saving electricity. Electric energy consumption is closely monitored 

and reviewed to maintain a lean and an efficient operation. Energy efficiency of equipment is considered in capital 

investment. For development of production equipment, the Group adopts energy-saving technology and uses energy-

efficient components. The Group is also working on reducing its carbon footprint by increasing the use of green energy 

such as solar power.

It is the long-term direction of the Group to apply the green building concept and as an energy savings initiatives 

employed by its factories. Green building concept includes using natural lighting from roof window and courtyard glass, 

installing utilities underground for more headroom, using glass as partition as much as possible, replacing various light 

sources with LED tubes and using solar energy for certain lighting systems.

Total electric energy consumption purchased from external parties and determined by direct measurements based on 

meter readings, are as follows:

2021

Million kWh

2020

Million kWh

Electricity consumption

105.1

86.3

Intensity (per S$ million revenue)

0.089

0.081

11.3 Water withdrawal by source (303-1)

The Group regularly monitors its water consumption and water-saving washing facility is used. Water supply facilities 

and equipment are properly maintained. Water used in certain production plants is recycled for watering, toilet flushing 

and manufacturing. In addition, water-saving devices are installed to further reduce water consumption. There was no 

issue in sourcing water that is fit for the Group’s manufacturing purpose in FY2021.

Total water consumption, all supplied by public water utilities and determined by direct measurements based on meter 

readings, are as follows:

2021

Million litres

2020

Million litres

Water consumption

608.7

506.1

Intensity (per S$ million revenue)

0.515

0.476


GP Industries Limited    SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT  2020-2021

25

11.4 Waste by type and disposal method (306-2)

The Group implements standardized management of hazardous wastes. Hazardous wastes primarily include nickel, 

manganese, metals and waste mineral oil-water emulsion from scrap and unqualified batteries, as well as rags and 

containers which were contaminated by oil and paints, organic solvents and a trace of metals. All hazardous wastes are 

disposed of in accordance with requirements of standardized management of hazardous wastes. All hazardous waste 

labels are standardized to reduce non-standardized collection of hazardous wastes. The production, collection, storage 

and handling of hazardous wastes have been properly managed in order to reduce the negative impacts towards soil, 

water and air. Hazardous wastes are aptly collected and sold to recycling companies for proper treatment. 

Non-hazardous wastes mainly include scrapped cardboards, wood, plastics and metals, kitchen and office waste. Non-

hazardous wastes are classified into non-recyclable and recyclable wastes. More than 80% of the non-hazardous wastes 

are recyclable. Non-recyclable wastes are collected and disposed of by garbage collection companies. Recyclable scrap 

parts such as cardboards together with solder oxide wastes and copper wire scraps are collected and sold to recycling 

companies.

Total wastes generated are as follows:

2021

Tons

2020

Tons

Hazardous waste

2,526.0

2,088.1

Non-hazardous waste

2,447.6

2,097.5

Total

4,973.6

4,185.6

Intensity (per S$ million revenue)

4.207

3.940

11.5 Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations (307-1)

During FY2021, the Group complied with all relevant laws and regulations that have significant impact on the Group 

relating to discharges to land and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes.

Environmental Topics (cont’d)


26

12.1 Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number of 

work related fatalities (403-2)

It is the Group’s policy to provide its employees with a safe and healthy working environment in order to protect the 

health and wellness of its employees. The Group continuously improves its working conditions to prevent industrial 

accidents and occupational diseases. Health and safety standards such as working procedures, machine operating 

standards as well as hazardous materials and wastes handling guidelines are defined and communicated to employees, 

and such standards are regularly reviewed for corrective and improvement actions. Safety and occupational health 

courses are included in orientation program for new employees in production plants. Training courses were provided to 

employees on Responsible Business Alliance Audit, first aid and proper use of hazardous and chemical materials. Child 

and forced labour are strictly prohibited in the Group.

The Group uses ISO45001, Occupational health and safety management systems – requirements with guidance for use 

(“ISO45001”) as a framework for its occupational health and safety management system in order to create the best 

working conditions for employees and to prevent workplace accidents and illnesses. A number of the Group’s factories 

were certified with the ISO45001 accreditations.

During FY2021, the Group complied with all relevant laws and regulations that have significant impact on the Group 

relating to providing a safe working environment, protecting employees from occupational hazards and prohibiting 

child and forced labour. 

During FY2021, the subsidiaries in Hong Kong, Mainland China, Malaysia and Vietnam reported 53 (2020: 36) cases 

of minor workplace injury, which resulted in a loss of 1,297 (2020: 729) working days, and zero work-related fatality 

(2020: Nil).





Place and date:

For the issuing office:

Singapore, 18 January 2021

DNV GL - Business Assurance

16 Science Park Drive, DNV GL Technology

Centre118227, Singapore

Saravanan Gopal

Management Representative

Lack of fulfilment of conditions as set out in the Certification Agreement may render this Certificate invalid.

ACCREDITED UNIT: DNV GL Business Assurance Australia Pty Limited., Level 7, 124 Walker Street, North Sydney NSW 2060, Australia - TEL: +61 2 9922 1966.

www.dnvgl.com/assurance











Certificate no.:

10000416495-MSC-JAS-ANZ-MYS

Initial certification date:

31 March 2004

Valid:

18 January 2021 – 31 March 2022

This is to certify that the management system of

GP Batteries (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.

No. 5, Jalan Tampoi 7, Taman Industrial Area,81100, Majidee, Johor, Malaysia

has been found to conform to the Occupational Health and Safety Management

System standard:

ISO 45001:2018

This certificate is valid for the following scope:

Manufacture of Alkaline Batteries and Parts Thereof



12. SOCIAL 

 

TOPICS

Social Topics 


GP Industries Limited    SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT  2020-2021

27

12.2 Information on employees and other workers (102-8)

As at 31 March 2021, the Group was supported by a motivated workforce of approximately 7,480 (2020: 8,080) 

employees worldwide, comprising approximately 3,320 (2020: 3,530) male employees and 4,160 (2020: 4,550) female 

employees. The work force are deployed in various countries or regions, as follows:

Percentage of employees by country or region

Hong Kong

Other Asian countries

Singapore

Mainland China

Rest of the world

2020

2021

23.9%

2.3%

2.2%

0.3%

0.4%

5.2%

5.2%

68.3%

22.7%

69.5%

Social Topics (cont’d)


28

12.3 Average hours of training per year per employee (404-1)

The Group invests in employees through development programs to enhance their soft and hard skills as well as work 

competence in preparation for their career development. Employees participated in various workshops and training 

sessions on legal compliance, management and leadership skills, personal development, technical competence, 

sustainability (including EHS) as well as language and communication. Sustainability (including EHS) trainings cover 

environmental protection, chemical and waste management, occupational safety and social responsibility. In addition, 

orientation programme provided to new employees in production plants include training on safety and occupational 

health courses relevant to their scope of work. 

During FY2021, a total of approximately 37,900 (2020: 37,400) hours of training, excluding orientation programmes 

for new employees, were recorded.

Total number of training hours, excluding orientation programmes for new employees, are analysed below:

Percentage of training hours by topics

Personal development

Communication and language

Management and leadership

Technical competence

Sustainability (including EHS)

Legal compliance

2021

5.6%

3.3%

3.8%

6.5%

46.5%

34.3%

2020

5.4%

4.3%

4.9%

36.4%

40.0%

9.0%

Social Topics (cont’d)


GP Industries Limited    SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT  2020-2021

29

2021 Male

2020 Male

2021 Female

2020 Female

100%

90%

80%

70%

60%

50%

40%

30%

20%

10%

0%

Management

Middle management

General staff

Worker

15.7%

18.6%

36.7%

32.9%

44.8%

44.0%

62.9%

64.0%

36.0%

37.1%

56.0%

55.2%

67.1%

63.3%

&lt; 30

30-50

&gt; 50

2020

2021

7.3%

25.8%

66.9%

12.4 Diversity of governance bodies and employees (405-1)

The Group adopts a policy of equal employment opportunities to ensure that every job applicant and employee has 

equal employment and promotion opportunities. Personal capability and suitability are the bases for consideration. The 

Group strives to ensure that everyone works in an environment free of discrimination and harassment. 

The profile of the Group’s workforce is set out below:

Percentage of employees per employee category by gender as at 31 March

84.3%

81.4%

Percentage of employees by age group as at 31 March 

6.4%

29.0%

64.6%

Further information on the Board and senior management of the Group are set out on page 18 to 21 of FY2021 AR.

The Group considers its employees the most valuable asset and offers them fair and competitive remuneration packages. 

Discretionary incentives are granted to eligible employees based on the performance of the Group and contribution 

of individual employees. Retirement schemes are offered as part of the remuneration package. Remuneration policies 

and packages are reviewed regularly to ensure that compensation and benefits are in line with market standards, thus 

helping the recruitment and retention of talent.

Social Topics (cont’d)


30

12.5 Community Involvement (413-1)

As a responsible corporate citizen, the Group nurtures a caring culture among employees in the workplace and 

reciprocates to the community through participation in various community events. 

Since the outbreak of the pandemic in early 2020, the Group initiated to source surgical masks in the midst of supply 

shortage for donation to medical institutes, elderly homes and non-profit charity organizations both in Hong Kong 

and overseas in the hope of keeping the medical staff, workers, the minority groups like the elderly, the disabled and 

orphans safe from the virus. Donation during lockdowns underwent great challenges, with import controls and travel 

restrictions in some countries. Yet the Group pledged not only to contribute to local society, but also gave support to 

other countries in need during the difficult period. The Group donated 10,000 surgical masks to minority groups in 

Malaysia and Vietnam.





The Group has also encouraged employees’ participation in supporting a number of social caring events during the 

financial year. In Hong Kong, it has been contributing to the Community Chest’s Corporate and Employee Contribution 

Program for over two decades and has actively taken part in many community activities like Love Teeth Day, flag-selling, 

Earth Hour, Lai See Packets Recycle Program, etc.

The Group is also committed in promoting healthy lifestyles. Since 2014, GP Batteries has been a sponsor and the sole 

supplier of batteries for the Hong Kong Standard Chartered Marathon and the staff members are encouraged to join 

the running event together with their families to promote a healthy life and work-life balance. Unfortunately the 2020 

event, which was originally scheduled to be held in early 2020, was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The 2021 

event has been tentatively scheduled to be held in October 2021. 

Social Topics (cont’d)


GP Industries Limited    SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT  2020-2021

31

12.6 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories (416-1), 

Supplier social assessment (414-1)

The Group is committed to producing safe and quality products.

IEC (International Electrotechnical Commission) 62133 series is one of the most common safety standards for both nickel 

and lithium systems rechargeable secondary cells and batteries in portable applications. The IEC 62133-1 for nickel 

batteries and IEC 62133-2 for lithium batteries are being the mandatory requirements for audio / video, information 

and communication technology equipment according to IEC 62368-1. The Group’s IEC 62133-certified lithium-ion and 

NiMH batteries offer quick market penetration into more than 50 Certification Body Scheme participating countries. 

According to the Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods – Manual of Tests and Criteria published by 

UN (United Nations), Section 38.3 lists the requirements for the transportation of cells, batteries or battery systems that 

are lithium metal or lithium-ion. With UN 38.3 certification, all GP lithium-ion batteries are allowed to be easily shipped 

by air and sea (subject to national deviation, additional tests may be needed). 

As an established global corporation, the Group adheres to international safety standard. The quality assurance centres 

of the Batteries Business, located strategically in China and Singapore, are well-recognized by more than 90 international 

regions under International Laboratory Accreditation Cooperation - Mutual Recognition Agreement. The Batteries 

Business’ laboratory in Hong Kong is the first and only one in Hong Kong among six laboratories in Mainland China and 

Hong Kong which are certified to perform UL WTDP (Witness Test Data Program) battery safety testing according to UL 

1642, UL 2054, UL 62133 and UN 38.3 standards. It is also the only one in Hong Kong among five UL CTF (Customers’ 

Testing Facilities - Stage 2) laboratories in Mainland China and Hong Kong which are certified to perform battery safety 

testing according to IEC 62133 standard.







Social Topics (cont’d)


32

The Group has developed and implemented quality control systems towards hazardous substances which are produced 

in manufacturing processes to ensure all operations comply with relevant laws and regulations. Laboratories are 

established to control product quality. A quality management system is set up in accordance with the requirements 

of ISO9001:2015 and IATF16949:2016. When non-conforming or suspected non-conforming products are shipped, 

quality assurance teams will notify relevant departments for containment action (including recall, rework or sorting) 

immediately. Sales department shall notify the affected customers so that the non-conforming or suspected non-

conforming products can be quarantined, recalled or returned in a timely manner. Moreover, factory teams led by 

quality assurance will perform the failure and root cause analyses. Prompt corrective and preventive actions will be taken 

accordingly to prevent similar incidents from recurring.

The Group has set up mechanisms to receive customers’ feedback in order to continuously improve its products and 

services. A number of our international renowned customers had audited some of the Group’s factories and affirmed 

that the operations and products meet their environmental and safety expectations.

All of the Group’s factories have received ISO9001 accreditations, indicating the Group’s ability to consistently provide 

products and services that meet customers’ needs as well as applicable statutory and regulatory requirements.





Place and date:



For the issuing office:

Singapore, 16 June 2020

DNV GL - Business Assurance

16 Science Park Drive, DNV GL 

Technology Centre118227, Singapore

 



Saravanan Gopal

Management Representative

Lack of fulfilment of conditions as set out in the Certification Agreement may render this Certificate invalid.

ACCREDITED UNIT: DNV GL Business Assurance Australia Pty Limited., Level 7, 124 Walker Street, North Sydney NSW 2060, Australia

TEL:+61 2 9922 1966. www.dnvgl.com/assurance

MANAGEMENT SYSTEM 

CERTIFICATE

Certificate No:

10000309862-MSC-JAS-ANZ-MYS

Initial certification date:

16 June 2020

Valid:

16 June 2020 - 15 June 2023

This is to certify that the management system of

GP Batteries (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.

No.17 Jalan Firma 2, Kawasan Perindustrian Tebrau,81100, Johor Bahru, Johor, 

Malaysia

has been found to conform to the Quality Management System standard:

ISO 9001:2015

This certificate is valid for the following scope:

Manufacture of Rechargeable Batteries and Parts Thereof





Social Topics (cont’d)


GP Industries Limited    SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT  2020-2021

33

The Group’s 9V carbon zinc and alkaline batteries are UL recognized components based on UL 217 (Standard for 

Safety – Smoke Alarms). GP Batteries is amongst the first batch of lithium-ion battery brands that obtained voluntary 

CQC (China Quality Certification) mark in Mainland China, UR mark in the USA, BIS (Bureau of Indian Standards) mark 

in India, and MC (Malaysian Conformity) mark in Malaysia which demonstrate its ability to satisfy customers’ needs 

efficiently.

The Group has a well-established supply chain management policy to monitor the qualification of its suppliers. Suppliers 

are qualified based on their capability to meet the product’s technical and quality requirements, health and safety 

standards and business ethics. The Group conducts regular audits of its suppliers’ production sites to ensure their 

continuous compliance with the quality and environmental regulatory requirements.

Since 2020, the Group introduced new childproof packaging for its coin-sized lithium battery to prevent children from 

esophageal injury or death caused by accidental battery ingestion. The childproof packaging features tamper-proof 

design with double blisters to avoid accidental opening, and can only be opened with scissors. A child safety pictogram 

and warning message are also printed on the packaging to reduce the risk of accidents. Packs also comply with the 

latest IEC standards (IEC 60086-4 Edition 5) and ACCC(AU) regulation.

12.7 Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area (419-1)

During FY2021, the Group complied with all relevant laws and regulations that have significant impact on the Group 

relating to (i) compensation and benefits, recruitment and promotion, working hours, holidays, dismissal, social 

insurance, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare; and (ii) health and safety 

matters on products and services provided and methods of redress.

Social Topics (cont’d)


34

SGX Five Primary Components Index

S/N

Primary Component 

Section Reference 

1

Material topics 

Stakeholder Engagement 

2

Policies, practices and performance 

Ÿ	Statement from Chairman

Ÿ	The Group’s Sustainability Story

Ÿ	Economic Topics, Environmental Topics and Social Topics

3

Board statement 

Statement of the Board and Governance

4

Targets 

The Group’s Sustainability Story

5

Framework 

Reporting Practice

SGX FIVE PRIMARY 

COMPONENTS INDEX


GP Industries Limited    SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT  2020-2021

35

GRI Standards Content Index

GRI Standards

Disclosure Content

Section Reference/Comment

General Disclosures

GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016

102-1

Name of the organization

Paragraph 1

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

Paragraph 2

102-3

Location of headquarters

Paragraph 2

102-4

Location of operations

Paragraph 2

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Paragraph 2

102-6

Markets served

Paragraph 2

102-7

Scale of the organization

Paragraph 2

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Paragraph 12.2

102-9

Supply chain

Paragraph 2

102-10

Significant changes to the organization and its supply 

chain

No significant changes

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

The Group does not specifically 

address the principles of the 

precautionary approach

102-14

Statement from senior decision maker

Paragraph 5

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior

Paragraph 4

102-18

Governance structure

Paragraph 5

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Paragraph 8

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Paragraph 8

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Paragraph 8

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Paragraph 8

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements

Page 110 to 114 of FY2021 AR

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

Paragraph 9

102-47

List of material topics

Paragraph 9

102-48

Restatements of information

Yes, as indicated

102-49

Changes in reporting 

No

102-50

Reporting period 

Financial year ended 31 March 

2021

102-51

Date of most recent report 

Report for financial year ended 

31 March 2020 announced on 31 

August 2020

102-52

Reporting cycle 

Annually

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

gpind@gp-industries.com

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards

Paragraph 7

102-55

GRI content index

This section

102-56

External assurance

Paragraph 7 

GRI STANDARDS 

CONTENT INDEX


36

GRI Standards Content Index (cont’d)

GRI Standards

Disclosure Content

Section Reference/Comment

Economic

GRI 201: Economic Performance 2016

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

Paragraph 10.1

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016

205-2

Communication and training about anti-corruption 

policies and procedures

Paragraph 4

Environmental

GRI 301: Materials 2016

301-1

Materials used by weight or volume

Paragraph 11.1

GRI 302: Energy 2016

302-1

Energy consumption within the organization

Paragraph 11.2

GRI 303: Water 2016

303-1

Water withdrawal by source

Paragraph 11.3

GRI 306: Effluents and Waste 2016

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

Paragraph 11.4

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 2016

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations

Paragraph 11.5

Social

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2016

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number of 

work-related fatalities

Paragraph 12.1

GRI 404: Training and Education 2016

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

Paragraph 12.3

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

Paragraph 12.4

GRI 413: Local Communities 2016

413-1

Operations with local community engagement, 

impact assessments, and development programs

Paragraph 12.5

GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment 2016

414-1

New suppliers that were screened using social criteria

Paragraph 12.6

GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 2016

416-1

Assessment of the health and safety impacts of 

product and service categories

Paragraph 12.6

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 2016

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area

Paragraph 12.7


This page has been intentionally left blank.


