




GREAT

FOR YOU

GREAT EASTERN HOLDINGS LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2019 


3

10

16

24

28

30

32

42

44

48

52

54

73 

97

217

218

219

221

227

229

233

KEY  

FIGURES

LETTER TO 

SHAREHOLDERS

BOARD OF  

DIRECTORS

KEY  

EXECUTIVES

FINANCIAL  

HIGHLIGHTS

EMBEDDED  

VALUE

BUSINESS REVIEW  

•   SINGAPORE 

•   MALAYSIA 

•   EMERGING MARKETS

HUMAN  

CAPITAL

CORPORATE SOCIAL 

RESPONSIBILITY

YEAR IN REVIEW 

(HIGHLIGHTS)

AWARDS &amp;  

ACCOLADES

SUSTAINABILITY  

REPORT

CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE REPORT 

FINANCIAL 

STATEMENTS

LIST OF MAJOR 

PROPERTIES 

ADDITIONAL 

INFORMATION 

SHAREHOLDING 

STATISTICS

FURTHER INFORMATION 

ON DIRECTORS

MANAGEMENT  

TEAM 

GROUP  

NETWORK

NOTICE OF AGM AND 

PROXY FORM

 

CORPORATE 

INFORMATION 

Contents




At Great Eastern, we believe in delivering our best 

because You deserve nothing less. We are committed 

to developing innovative solutions and empowering 

our customers to LIVE THE GREAT LIFE.

The digital elements featured in this year’s annual 

report reﬂ ect our ongoing effort to harness the power 

of technology to transform the company, and the way 

in which we live, work and play.

GREAT

FOR YOU




































































































































































































































































































































































GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

2



WHO WE ARE

We are a LIFE company.

WHAT WE BELIEVE IN

Our customers are at the 

heart of all that we do.

WHAT WE DO

Inspiring people to  

LIVE GREAT. 

VISION

To be the leading financial 

service provider in 

Asia, recognised for our 

excellence.

MISSION

To make life great by 

providing financial security, 

and promoting good health 

and meaningful relationships.

CORE VALUES

•   INTEGRITY

•   INITIATIVE   

•   INVOLVEMENT

ETHOS

 

Great Eastern is always 

acting in the best interests 

of our customers with Fair 

Dealing as the basis of our 

business.


3

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019

KEY

FIGURES

PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS FY2019

1 

This is calculated using Shares Outstanding of 473,319,069 shares and last traded price in FY2019 of S$21.75 (31 December 2019). 

2 

This includes the interim one-tier tax exempt dividend of 10 cents per ordinary share and a final one-tier tax exempt dividend of 50 cents 

per ordinary share for the financial year ended 31 December 2019.

S$1,003.8

MILLION

PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS

S$15,497

MILLION

EMBEDDED VALUE

S$11,770

MILLION

GROSS PREMIUMS

S$660

MILLION

OPERATING PROFIT AFTER TAX

S$612

MILLION

ECONOMIC VALUE OF  

ONE YEAR’S NEW BUSINESS

S$10,295

MILLION

MARKET CAPITALISATION1

S$8,611

MILLION

SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY

60

CENTS

DIVIDEND PER SHARE2

S$96,506

MILLION

TOTAL ASSETS


GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

4





GREAT

SOLUTIONS

FOR EVERY NEED



We place our customers at the heart of all that we do. 

Guided by our core values of integrity, initiative and 

involvement, we provide insurance solutions to meet 

their needs and goals through innovation and technology.

Putting Our 

Customers First




5

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019








GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

6




7

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019























GREAT

MINDS 

THINK



We are passionate about empowering 

our people. We believe in creating 

a conducive environment that 

supports personal and professional 

development, where everyone can 

grow with the company to realise their 

full potential.

Working Together 

To Achieve 

A Common Purpose

ALIKE


GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

8







We go to great lengths to make a difference in the 

communities where we operate. Through the many 

charitable causes we support, we hope to make a strong 

social impact through our employees and fi nancial 

representatives as they continue to use their talents 

to do good for others.

Doing good in the 

community

GOING

TO GREAT

LENGTHS




9

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019








GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

10



LETTER TO

SHAREHOLDERS

KOH BENG SENG

Chairman 



Dear Shareholders,

In 2019, the world economy weakened as rising trade barriers 

and geopolitical risks weighed on business sentiments and 

activities globally. Economic uncertainties, political standoffs 

and social upheavals including the US-China trade war, 

rising tensions in the Middle East, and protests in Hong 

Kong impacted the global economy and Southeast Asia. 

 

Despite the lacklustre global economic backdrop, Great 

Eastern delivered a strong performance. We continue 

to maintain leadership positions in our core markets of 

Singapore and Malaysia. Our takaful business in Malaysia 

and life operations in Indonesia also performed well during 

the past year.  We have in place strategic initiatives to 

enhance customer satisfaction. 

However, the low global interest rates continue to pose 

a significant challenge for the Group to generate the 

investment returns required to structure the relevant 

insurance products to meet the needs of our customers.

 

Across the Group, we remained on course with our digital 

transformation journey to deliver improved customer 

experiences, differentiated insurance solutions and enhanced 

productivity - leveraging data analytics, artificial intelligence 

tools and robotics process automation.

 

We digitally empowered our financial representatives 

for better customer engagement and deepened our 

bancassurance partnership with OCBC Bank to broaden 

our distribution reach and increase our customer base. This 

was further complemented by our digital affinity partnership 

strategy. In tapping on synergies with our partners, we 

have been able to grow our business by reaching into new 

customer segments.

 

Through these efforts, we aim to strengthen our business 

model to build a resilient and sustainable business for the 

long term.

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

The Group ended FY2019 with a S$1,003.8 million profit 

attributable to shareholders, a 36% increase from FY2018, 

led by growth in profit from the insurance business and 

shareholders’ fund. Our operating profit from the insurance 

business grew 4% to S$659.8 million. The strong performance 

in non-operating profit and profit from shareholders’ fund 

was due to favourable market conditions resulting in the 

higher investment valuation.

The Group’s Total Weighted New Sales rose by 1% to 

S$1,256.2 million compared to the same period a year 

ago, and New Business Embedded Value - a measure 

of long-term economic profitability – increased 14% to 

S$612.0 million, a reflection of the successful execution 

of our product and distribution management strategy to 

optimise product mix.


11

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019



KHOR HOCK SENG

Group Chief Executive Officer

S$1,003.8

MILLION

PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE

TO SHAREHOLDERS



The Board has recommended the payment of a final one-

tier tax-exempt dividend of 50 cents per ordinary share. 

Upon shareholders’ approval, the final dividend will be paid 

on 8 May 2020. Including the interim one-tier tax-exempt 

dividend of 10 cents per ordinary share paid in August 2019, 

total dividends for the financial year 2019 would amount 

to 60 cents per ordinary share.

STRENGTHENING OUR DISTRIBUTION 

CAPABILITIES 

The year 2019 saw the Group embark on a growth strategy 

to better serve the insurance needs of our customers 

across markets.

In Singapore, we strengthened our distribution capabilities 

to provide a better advisory experience to customers with 

the Great Digital Advantage - a full suite of digital and 

management tools developed to empower our financial 

representatives. This included GreatAdvice - a highly 

interactive financial planning tool based on a Life Storyboard 

concept – to help financial representatives engage customers 

better and provide value-added guidance to help them make 

informed decisions, and GreatPlanner – to help financial 

representatives manage their customer relationships and 

sales activities seamlessly. 

To support the financial representatives’ continuous learning 

and build skillsets crucial for a successful career with the 

Company, our Centre for Excellence delivered a best-in-class 

experiential learning system covering product knowledge, 

regulatory updates and skills in communication, sales and 

leadership. This enabled our financial representatives to 

pursue learning through online e-learning modules delivered 

to their digital devices, in addition to face-to-face class 

lectures.    

To tap into the growing segment of affluent customers, we 

launched Prestige Partners with a team of elite financial 

representatives to provide value-added financial solutions 

to this customer segment. In order to better serve our 

customers, we opened a new office in Paya Lebar Quarter, 

where workspaces are equipped with the latest technology 

for better operational efficiency, and flexible spaces to host 

large-scale customer events.

During the year, our financial advisory firm Great Eastern 

Financial Advisers (GEFA) reached out to customers 

through events and seminars, and online through GEFA 

Studios to share the merits of our wealth, investment and 

legacy propositions, and to proactively educate them on 

financial topics.


GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

12

LETTER TO

SHAREHOLDERS

In Malaysia, the launch of Great Link, a mobile communicator 

application, strengthened agency communication and 

improved agent productivity and efficiency. 

Combining the various business communication channels 

into one single omni-channel platform, our financial 

representatives can report and track their performance 

against their individual Balanced Score Cards. They can 

also receive updates of newly-launched agency contests, 

nationwide and regional events, agency news and interactive 

sales materials. 

LEVERAGING GROUP SYNERGIES 

The strong partnership between OCBC Bank and Great 

Eastern has been pivotal to capturing new growth 

opportunities and growing our regional footprint. 

In Singapore, we provided products such as GreatAssurance 

Endowment Insurance, PremierLife Generation and 

PremierLife Heritage to support OCBC Bank’s Life Goals 

- a programme that helps customers plan for their financial 

future.  

In Malaysia, MaxEmpower and Max Step-up were two 

products that expanded our savings and protection solutions 

in line with OCBC Bank’s goal-based advisory proposition. 

MaxSure, an innovative regular premium product, helped 

increase customer footfall at its bank branches. To capture 

the rising family takaful trend in Malaysia, we launched 

Supreme-i, the first-of-its-kind legacy takaful product, 

giving OCBC Al Amin a first-mover advantage into the 

takaful family base. 

In Indonesia, we launched Great Treasure Assurance and 

two new riders, Great Health Cover and Great Term Cover 

through OCBC Bank NISP and LiveSmart Protector through 

its digital platform ONe Mobile. With our new company 

Great Eastern General Insurance Indonesia, we are now 

well-positioned to offer both life and general insurance 

products to serve the needs of consumers and the business 

community through OCBC Bank NISP. 

GROWING OUR GENERAL AND GROUP 

INSURANCE BUSINESS

Our General Insurance business delivered another year of 

consistent growth regionally. We invested in new business 

models, in addition to our agency force and bank distribution, 

which are mainstays to our business growth, and further 

strengthened our position in the commercial lines business, 

supported by our distribution and underwriting capabilities. 

To grow our personal lines business, we strengthened our 

retail team, expanded our collaboration with our agency force 

and bancassurance partners, and enhanced our product 

development capabilities. This focus has enabled us to 

achieve good growth and improved our competitiveness 

in the market. 

We completed the acquisition of PT QBE Insurance Indonesia 

in May - renamed PT Great Eastern General Insurance 

Indonesia - as part of our broader strategy to build our 

general insurance operations into a major business pillar 

and deepen our footprint in the region.

In Malaysia, we collaborated with Malindo Air to distribute 

travel insurance as part of a seamless ticketing process. 

By leveraging on customer insights and personalisation, 

we helped enhance the customer experience. 

To improve overall customer experience, we enhanced our 

policy operating systems . The new systems also allow us 

to reduce product development cycles and time-to-market 

for new products.  

BUILDING DIGITAL AFFINITY PARTNERSHIPS

Our digital affinity strategy during the year saw us build 

new partnerships and strengthen existing alliances. We 

reached out to customers who were new to Great Eastern 

in the online space, through partnerships with ActiveSG, 

Samsung and Singtel in Singapore, and with LinkAja, Qoo10 

and Garuda in Indonesia, among many others.

With Singtel, we delivered the convenience of purchasing 

travel insurance easily through the Singtel Dash mobile 

wallet. We also supported the Singtel PVP Esports League, 

and will continue to collaborate to bring innovation and 

greater value to the customers of both companies across 

various platforms. 

We partnered Axiata Digital Capital to bring tailor-made 

insurance and takaful solutions to their customers across 

Malaysia and Indonesia and provide a seamless purchase 

experience through a digital financial services platform. This 

opens up many opportunities for us to bring our brand to 

new customer segments in the regional online space in 

the coming years. 


13

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019

STRENGTHENING OUR CUSTOMER 

PROPOSITION 

To cater to the evolving needs of our customers as they 

move through different life stages, we launched various 

innovative insurance solutions.

In Singapore, we launched GREAT Family Care, a critical 

illness term plan that protects three generations in a family 

within a single policy, as well as investment-linked policies 

GREAT Life Advantage and GREAT Wealth Advantage, and 

GREAT Cancer Guard with 100% payout for policyholders, 

covering all stages of cancer.  

In Malaysia, we launched SmartProtect Junior, a child 

insurance plan and enhanced our investment-linked product 

offerings with SmartProtect Essential 3, SmartProtect Legacy 

Max and SmartProtect Wealth 20. 

In Indonesia, we unveiled solutions to help policyholders 

grow their wealth such as the Great Treasure Assurance, 

MaxPrestige Heritage Protector, Great Optima Link and 

Super Investlink Plan 101.

A refreshed version of GETGREAT, our health and wellness 

app, included new features such as engaging in-app 

activities to incentivise users on their health and wellness 

journey. We introduced new merchant partners to our mobile 

loyalty rewards platform UPGREAT to provide more value-

added redemption choices for users. 

EMBRACING CUSTOMER-CENTRICITY 

As part of our ongoing efforts to put our customers first, 

we incorporated digital solutions into our processes to 

bring greater convenience and provide more personalised 

services to our customers.  

In July, we partnered local healthtech startup Doctor 

Anywhere to provide digital health and wellness services for 

our group insurance customers. This telemedicine service 

offers greater convenience to their employees through easy-

to-use video consultations with Singapore-registered doctors 

and the delivery of medication to a location of their choice.

With the successful launch of our digital policy contracts 

in Singapore and Malaysia, our customers can now access 

their policy documents online anytime and anywhere, and 

receive online notifications via eConnect, our self-service 

portal for policyholders.

Customers in Singapore can now choose to receive their 

insurance payouts via PayNow. Launched in March this 

year, this expedited the payment of insurance claims and 

provided instant disbursements for policy loans compared 

to the traditional methods such as cheque payments or 

funds transfer. 

We offered a suite of 24/7 functions in our enhanced core 

systems to allow the submission of policy applications and 

introduced a chatbot service in Singapore and Malaysia to 

support our agency force in delivering service excellence 

to our customers.

Our dedicated team of underwriters has also collaborated 

with our lead reinsurer to create an innovative purchase 

experience with instant underwriting outcomes for potential 

customers.

HARNESSING BIG DATA FOR OPERATIONAL 

EFFICIENCIES

In our journey towards being a data-driven organisation, 

we first implemented the Big Data Analytics platform 

in Singapore and Malaysia in June, with similar plans 

for a roll out in Indonesia. This will allow us to develop 

capabilities for advanced analytics using predictive models, 

artificial intelligence and machine learning to increase the 

effectiveness of our marketing campaigns, deepen our 

customer engagement, and improve operational efficiency 

in core insurance processes. 

The launch of our Centre for Excellence to provide regional 

training and best-practice sharing of Robotics Process 

Automation, has enabled us to scale process automation 

across the region, thereby driving straight-through processing 

for policy application, servicing and claims.

ENHANCING OUR TECHNOLOGY CAPABILITIES

In line with our growth agenda and digital transformation 

strategy, we continued to invest to ensure that our technology 

is geared to support our growth and future strategies, and 

to build a scalable infrastructure for business agility. We 

are progressively replacing legacy core systems so that our 

24/7 services will continue to be available to our customers 

and financial representatives. With the establishment of 

our own cloud platform, we will have the infrastructure and 

resources for faster time-to-market product launches and 

the ability to deploy new capabilities quickly. 

 


GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

14

LETTER TO

SHAREHOLDERS

While we have intensified the digitalisation of various 

aspects of our operations, we have also strengthened the 

cybersecurity defence of our entire infrastructure to keep 

pace with the evolving cyber threats. Advanced technology 

such as Endpoint Detection and Response and User 

Behaviour Analytics were implemented to enhance our 

capabilities to repel such cyber threats. 

We will leverage our synergy with the OCBC Group to 

keep abreast of threats and take pre-emptive measures to 

protect our infrastructure against them. A cyber-awareness 

programme was conducted to educate our staff to exercise 

vigilance against potential breaches and cyber-attacks. 

INVESTING IN PEOPLE

We are committed to being the employer of choice and 

providing a conducive working environment for our 

employees to flourish in their careers. Talent attraction, 

human capital management and development are critical for 

us. Programmes are organised to encourage our employees 

to take charge of their mental and physical well-being and 

to embrace a healthy lifestyle. 

To establish ourselves as a trusted brand, we will cultivate 

a progressive corporate culture. Anchored on our shared 

values of integrity, initiative and involvement, we will 

continue to develop programmes to instil these values in 

our employees.  

GIVING BACK TO THE COMMUNITY

As a responsible corporate citizen, we actively engage 

relevant segments of the community to give back to society. 

In Singapore and our regional markets, we have supported 

many social and charitable causes and activities. 

In 2019, our staff and financial representatives participated 

in various blood donation drives, educated low-income 

families and undergraduates on the importance of financial 

planning and spread festive cheer among the elderly, 

destitute and disabled communities among others. The 

diversity of initiatives that we champion underlines our 

long-term commitment to contribute to the community in 

markets where we operate. 

In response to the COVID-19 virus outbreak in early 2020, 

we contributed S$200,000 in Singapore to provide financial 

assistance to vulnerable communities through the Courage 

Fund, facilitated by the National Council of Social Service 

(NCSS) and Community Chest. At the same time, we 

unveiled a S$1 million holistic support package to help our 

customers and immediate families in the event that they are 

affected by the virus in Singapore, while we pledged RM$1 

million in Malaysia and B$50,000 in Brunei to do the same. 

INDUSTRY RECOGNITION

During the year, we garnered a host of awards and accolades 

that attest to our pursuit of excellence for our customers, 

staff and stakeholders. In Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia, 

we were consistently recognised for excellence in brand and 

marketing, corporate social responsibility, human resource 

practices and corporate governance. 

We retained our brand ranking of sixth position in the Top 

100 Singapore brands, an annual report presented by Brand 

Finance, the world’s leading independent brand valuation and 

strategy consultancy. At the Securities Investors Association 

Singapore (SIAS) 20th Investors’ Choice Awards, we were 

named the Most Transparent Company in the Finance 

Category for excellence in transparency standards and 

corporate governance practices. 

In Malaysia, we received the Gold Award for Life Insurance 

at the 2019 Reader’s Digest Trusted Brand Awards for the 

16th consecutive year, the longest winning streak by a life 

insurer in the Award’s history. In Indonesia, we won for 

“Best in Experiential Marketing” and “Best Market Driving 

Company” at the Marketing Award 2019 in recognition for 

our innovative marketing strategy.

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT 

At Great Eastern, we believe in the need to incorporate 

principles of sustainability into our business operations. This 

is the third edition of our Sustainability Report. As a major 

financial institution, we take seriously our ability to champion 

and be a catalyst for sustainable development. This not only 

ensures greater sustainability of the Group’s operations, but 

also a better future for our entire stakeholder community, 

including our customers, employees and their families. 

We are committed to making the necessary adjustments 

to our appetite and perspectives in pursuing our business 

and ensuring that we embed the right business practices 

in our operations and activities to ensure sustainability. 

For more information, you may refer to our Sustainability 

Report on pages 54 to 72.  


15

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019





KOH BENG SENG  

KHOR HOCK SENG

Chairman  

Group Chief Executive Officer

28 February 2020

CHANGES TO THE REGULATORY LANDSCAPE  

Several key regulations were issued in 2019 and early 2020:

In Singapore, the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) 

enhanced the requirements on technology risk governance 

and oversight, extended the Anti-money Laundering and 

Countering the Financing of Terrorism (AML/CFT) control 

measures to the non-life sector and strengthened cyber 

hygiene rules to reinforce cyber security resilience and 

guard against cyber threats.

In 2019, the International Accounting Standards Board 

continued its discussions on the exposure draft amendments 

to IFRS 17 (Insurance Contracts) and provided more clarity 

on the amendments to be finalised in mid-2020. Great 

Eastern is in the process of implementing the framework, 

which takes effect on 1 January 2022.

On 28 February 2020, MAS issued revised legislations 

pertaining to the insurance valuation and capital framework 

for insurers in Singapore to effect the enhanced Risk Based 

Capital (RBC2) framework from 31 March 2020. The key 

feature of RBC2 is that it requires a stronger calibration 

of risk requirements (i.e. at 99.5% of Value at Risk over 

the one-year period), and at the same time, allows for the 

diversification of risks. RBC2 will significantly change how 

insurance companies measure and manage their risks.

In Malaysia, Bank Negara Malaysia strengthened the conduct 

of Investment-Linked (IL) business with the Minimum Allocation 

Rates requirements to protect the account values of the IL 

policy/certificate owners. The disclosure standards on product 

illustration were also enhanced to facilitate informed decision-

making by consumers.  

    

In Indonesia, Otoritas Jasa Keuangan (OJK) reissued the 

draft regulation to set the new deadline requiring insurance 

companies to spin off their shariah businesses by October 

2024.  OJK has yet to confirm the date of enactment of 

this draft regulation. 

Great Eastern entities have taken steps to comply with 

these new and revised regulations. 

OUTLOOK AHEAD 

Financial markets started the year 2020 with much optimism.  

It was expected that global economic growth will recover due 

to the positive effects of monetary and fiscal policy stimuli, 

as well as the diminished risk of a trade war. Inflationary 

pressures remained subdued, indicating a period of low 

interest rates, which would allow equity valuation to stay 

elevated. Unfortunately, the situation changed with the 

COVID-19 coronavirus outbreak in January in Wuhan, China.  

The spread has now extended beyond Asia to many other 

parts of the world.

In the near term, global equities in particular will be vulnerable 

as COVID-19 cases rise and spread, and as disappointing 

economic data and corporate profit warnings due to demand 

and supply-chain disruptions hit the news headlines.  However, 

we expect this to prompt more aggressive policy responses 

from the Asian, and possibly European and US governments.  

Central banks from China, Indonesia, Thailand and US 

have already cut interest rates.  Singapore, Hong Kong and 

Malaysia have released large fiscal packages to cushion the 

economic impact. 

Our current assessment is that if the COVID-19 outbreak 

is successfully contained by global health authorities, 

economic activity should recover in second half of 2020. 

However, in the event of a full-blown pandemic, the recovery 

in growth will be delayed or even disrupted and may result in 

economic activity slowing down further. Given the uncertain 

conditions, it is important that we adopt a prudent approach 

in our underwriting and investment operations, and continue 

building our reserves as a buffer against other unanticipated 

economic and market headwinds.  Hence, while we remain 

cautiously optimistic for our main markets of Singapore, 

Malaysia and Indonesia, we will stay vigilant and continue 

to proactively manage our market exposure.   

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

On behalf of the Group, we would like to express our 

gratitude to the Board of Directors as well as the Boards of 

our subsidiary companies for their counsel and guidance 

during the year. We also thank our management team, 

employees, OCBC Bank, our distribution force, our 

bancassurance partners, business associates and the 

union for their hard work, dedication and contribution. Not 

in the least, we thank our shareholders and customers for 

their continuous support and confidence in Great Eastern.

We will continue to pursue a disciplined and prudent strategy 

to grow our key markets. With our strong fundamentals in 

place, we remain optimistic of our long-term prospects, and 

continue to strive for organisational excellence to deliver 

value to our stakeholders. 




KOH BENG SENG

Chairman

NORMAN IP

Mr Koh was first appointed to the Board of Great Eastern 

Holdings Limited (the “Company”) on 2 January 2008 as a 

non-executive Director and was appointed as Chairman of 

the Company on 1 September 2014. He was last re-elected 

as the Company’s Director on 19 April 2018. Mr Koh was 

appointed Chairman of the Company’s principal insurance 

subsidiaries, namely, The Great Eastern Life Assurance 

Company Limited (“Great Eastern Life”) and Great Eastern 

General Insurance Limited (“GEG”) on 1 September 2014. 

He is the Chief Executive Officer of Octagon Advisors Pte. 

Ltd. He is also a Director of Bank of China (Hong Kong) 

Limited, BOC Hong Kong (Holdings) Limited and Oversea-

Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (“OCBC Bank”).

Mr Koh was previously Deputy President of United Overseas 

Bank Ltd (“UOB”) and a Director of Far Eastern Bank Ltd, 

Fraser and Neave Limited, Hon Sui Sen Endowment CLG 

Limited, Japan Wealth Management Securities Inc. and 

Sing-Han International Financial Services Limited, Singapore 

Technologies Engineering Ltd, United Engineers Limited and 

UOB. He also served as a Member of the advisory team to 

the International Monetary Fund on reforms to Thailand’s 

financial sector. Mr Koh was previously with the Monetary 

Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) for 24 years until 1998, his 

last appointment being Deputy Managing Director, Banking 

and Financial Institution Group. 

Mr Koh holds a Bachelor of Commerce (First Class 

Honours) from the former Nanyang University, Singapore, 

and a Master of Business Administration from Columbia 

University, USA. Age 69.

Mr Koh will be seeking re-election at the Company’s 2020 

Annual General Meeting (“AGM”). Please refer to pages 

221 and 226 for information required under Rule 720(6) of 

the Listing Manual of the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Limited (“SGX-ST”). 

Mr Ip was first appointed to the Board of the Company on 

5 March 2010 and was last re-elected as the Company’s 

Director on 18 April 2019. Mr Ip served as Acting Group 

Chief Executive Officer of the Company from 1 July 2014 to  

1 November 2015. He is a Director of the Company’s 

principal insurance subsidiaries, including Great Eastern Life, 

GEG and Chairman of several of the Company’s subsidiaries 

in Malaysia. He is the Chairman of WBL Corporation Limited 

and a Senior Advisor of United Engineers Limited. He is 

also the Deputy Chairman of the Building and Construction 

Authority and a Member of Securities Industry Council. 

Mr Ip was previously the Group Managing Director of United 

Engineers Limited. He was also the Chairman of Far Island 

Bay Sdn Bhd (In Members’ Voluntary Liquidation) and 

Malaysia Smelting Corporation Berhad as well as a Director 

of AIMS AMP Capital Industrial REIT Management Limited, 

Australia Oriental Minerals NL and Lion Global Investors 

Limited. He is a Chartered Accountant by training and has 

over 33 years of experience in finance and investments, 

real estate and managing companies. From 2000 to 2009, 

he was President and Group Chief Executive Officer of The 

Straits Trading Company Limited (“STC”), the main activities 

of which are in real estate, mining and hospitality. Prior to 

joining STC in 1983, he was with Ernst &amp; Whinney (now 

known as Ernst &amp; Young LLP).

Mr Ip holds a Bachelor of Science (Economics) from the 

London School of Economics and Political Science. He is 

a Fellow of both the Institute of Chartered Accountants in 

England and Wales and the Institute of Singapore Chartered 

Accountants. Age 67.





BOARD OF

DIRECTORS

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

16






LAW SONG KENG

LEE FOOK SUN

Mr Law was first appointed to the Board of the Company on  

1 January 2013 and was last re-elected as the Company’s 

Director on 19 April 2018. He is the Chairman of Concord 

Insurance Company Limited, Frasers Hospitality Asset 

Management Pte. Ltd. and Frasers Hospitality Trust 

Management Pte. Ltd. He is also a Director of IFS Capital 

Limited. 

Mr Law was previously the Chairman of Asia Capital 

Reinsurance Group Pte Ltd, Deputy Managing Director 

(Administration and Insurance) at the MAS, Managing 

Director and Chief Executive Officer of GEG, a Director of 

ACR Capital Holdings Pte Ltd, Asia Capital Reinsurance 

Malaysia Sdn Bhd and ECICS Limited as well as a Member 

of Central Provident Fund. Mr Law was also a Director 

of Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (“IRAS”) until 

September 2010 and Manulife (Singapore) Pte Ltd until 

September 2012.

Mr Law holds a Bachelor of Science (First Class Honours 

in Mathematics) from the University of Singapore and a 

Master of Science (Actuarial Science) from the Northeastern 

University, USA and attended Advanced Management 

Programme from Harvard Business School. He is a Fellow 

of the Society of Actuaries, USA, a Honorary Fellow of 

Singapore Insurance Institute and was awarded the Public 

Service Star (BBM) in 2001. Age 75.

Mr Law will be seeking re-election at the Company’s 2020 

AGM. Please refer to pages 222 and 226 for information 

required under Rule 720(6) of the Listing Manual of the 

SGX-ST.

Mr Lee was first appointed to the Board of the Company on 

1 August 2017 and was last re-elected as the Company’s 

Director on 19 April 2018. He is the Chairman of Ensign 

Infosecurity Pte. Ltd. and the Building and Construction 

Authority. He is the Deputy Chairman of SMRT Trains Ltd. 

and SMRT TEL Pte. Ltd. and a Director of SMRT Corporation 

Ltd. He also sits on the board of DSO National Laboratories 

and is a Corporate Advisor of Temasek International Advisors 

Pte. Ltd.

Mr Lee was previously the Deputy CEO and President of 

Defence Business of Singapore Technologies Engineering 

Ltd and the President of Singapore Technologies Electronics 

Limited. He has been with Singapore Technologies 

Engineering Group for 17 years until he retired in June 

2017. Prior to this, he served in the Singapore Armed Forces 

and Ministry of Defence (MINDEF). He held various key 

appointments as Director of Joint Intelligence Directorate, 

Director of Military Security Department and Assistant Chief 

of General Staff (Logistics).

 

Mr Lee holds a Bachelor of Arts (Honours) and a Master 

of Arts (Engineering Science) from the University of Oxford 

(UK) and attended the Stanford University Executive 

Programme. Age 63.





17

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019




KYLE LEE KHAI FATT

SOON TIT KOON

Mr Lee was first appointed to the Board of the Company on 

1 July 2014 and was re-elected as the Company’s Director 

on 18 April 2019. He is also a Director of Great Eastern Life.

Mr Lee trained as a Chartered Accountant in London, and in 

his professional career spanning of 36 years, he has worked 

in both United Kingdom and Singapore. He was a partner 

of Price Waterhouse and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

until 2010, holding leadership positions at firm, practice, 

industries and sector levels.

As a non-executive, independent Director of other public 

and private companies, Mr Lee held Chairmanship of Board, 

Audit Committee and Nominating Committee positions. 

These include CapitaLand Mall Trust Management Limited, 

ComfortDelgro Corporation Limited, FEO Hospitality Trust 

Management Pte. Ltd., Jurong International Holdings Pte. 

Ltd., MFS Technology Ltd and WBL Corporation Limited, 

among others.

Mr Lee is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants 

in England and Wales, the Institute of Singapore Chartered 

Accountants and the Singapore Institute of Directors. Age 67.

Mr Soon was first appointed to the Board of the Company 

on 1 January 2016 and was last re-elected as the Company’s 

Director on 19 April 2018. He is a Director of OCBC Wing 

Hang Bank Limited, SPH REIT Management Pte. Ltd. and 

Wah Hin &amp; Company Private Limited. Mr Soon held a series 

of senior positions in OCBC Bank from 2002 to December 

2011 when he retired from the bank. He was the Chief 

Financial Officer of OCBC Bank from September 2002 to 

June 2008, and from April 2010 to November 2011. He 

was the Head of Group Investments of OCBC Bank from 

June 2008 to April 2010. Prior to joining OCBC Bank, Mr 

Soon was the Chief Financial Officer of Wilmar Holdings 

Pte Ltd from 2000 to 2002. From 1983 to 2000, he worked 

in Citicorp Investment Bank (Singapore) Limited and was 

Managing Director from 1993 to 2000.

Mr Soon holds a Bachelor of Science (Honours) in 

Applied Chemistry from the University of Singapore and 

a Master of Business Administration from University 

of Chicago, USA. He also completed the Advanced 

Management Program at Harvard Business School.  

Age 68.

Mr Soon will be seeking re-election at the Company’s 2020 

AGM. Please refer to pages 223 and 226 for information 

required under Rule 720(6) of the Listing Manual of the 

SGX-ST.

BOARD OF

DIRECTORS





GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

18






TEOH LIAN EE

THEAN NAM YEW

Mrs Teoh was first appointed to the Board of the Company 

on 1 August 2017 and was last re-elected as the Company’s 

Director on 19 April 2018. She is a Director of Asian 

Healthcare Investment Pte Ltd.

Mrs Teoh has extensive experience in the fields of tax law 

and trust law. She was previously a Consultant of Rajah &amp; 

Tann LLP and a Director of Tsao Foundation. Prior to joining 

Rajah &amp; Tann LLP, she has served in the public sector for 

IRAS for a total of 19 years and as a practicing lawyer in 

the private sector, specializing in tax and trust law, for 

more than 20 years. 

Mrs Teoh holds a Master of Laws and Bachelor of Laws 

(Second Upper Class Honours) from the University of 

Singapore. Age 68.

Mr Thean was first appointed to the Board of the Company 

on 5 January 2017 and was last re-elected as the Company’s 

Director on 18 April 2017. He has more than 24 years 

of experience in consulting, technology, change and 

transformation delivery and his experience is mainly focused 

on working with C-level executives to create strong linkages 

between transformation programs to the respective clients’ 

business agenda. He has extensive financial services industry 

experience and has been working with large financial 

institutions in the ASEAN region. Mr Thean was previously 

with Accenture Pte Ltd from 1992 to 2016.

Mr Thean holds a Bachelor of Electrical and Electronic 

Engineering (First Class Honours) from the University of 

Melbourne, Australia and has completed an Advanced 

Business Management Programme from the Kellogg 

Graduate School of Management, Northwestern University, 

Illinois, USA. Age 52.

Mr Thean will be seeking re-election at the Company’s 2020 

AGM. Please refer to pages 224 and 226 for information 

required under Rule 720(6) of the Listing Manual of the 

SGX-ST.





19

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019




SAMUEL N. TSIEN

WEE JOO YEOW

Mr Tsien was first appointed to the Board of the Company 

on 15 April 2012 and was last re-elected as the Company’s 

Director on 18 April 2019. He was a Director of GEG until 

1 January 2014.

Mr Tsien is the Group Chief Executive Officer and Executive 

Director of OCBC Bank. Mr Tsien is concurrently a 

Commissioner of PT Bank OCBC NISP Tbk and he serves 

on the boards of major OCBC Group companies, including 

Bank of Singapore Ltd, OCBC Wing Hang Bank Ltd, OCBC 

Wing Hang Bank (China) Ltd and OCBC Bank (Malaysia) 

Berhad. He is also a Director of Mapletree Investments Pte 

Ltd, Dr Goh Keng Swee Scholarship Fund and International 

Monetary Conference. His other commitments include 

serving as the Chairman of the Association of Banks in 

Singapore and the MAS Steering Committee for SGD Swap 

Offer Rate Transition to Singapore Overnight Rate Average. 

He is also Vice Chairman of the IBF Council, a member of 

the MAS Financial Centre Advisory Panel and a member 

of the MAS Payments Council. 

Prior to joining OCBC Bank, Mr Tsien was the President 

and Chief Executive Officer of China Construction Bank 

(Asia) when China Construction Bank acquired Bank of 

America (Asia). From 1995 to 2006, he was President and 

Chief Executive Officer of Bank of America (Asia), and Asia 

Consumer and Commercial Banking Group Executive of 

Bank of America Corporation.

Mr Tsien holds a Bachelor of Arts with Honours in Economics 

from the University of California, Los Angeles, USA. He is 

a Financial Industry Certified Professional of The Institute 

of Banking and Finance. Age 65. 

Mr Wee was first appointed to the Board of the Company on  

1 January 2016 and was last re-elected as the Company’s 

Director on 18 April 2019. He has more than 39 years of 

corporate banking experience. He was Managing Director 

and Head of Corporate Banking Singapore at UOB until his 

retirement in June 2013. Prior to that, he was Executive Vice 

President and Head of Corporate Banking with Overseas 

Union Bank Ltd and Head, Credit and Marketing with First 

National Bank of Chicago (Singapore). He is presently a 

Director of several companies, including Frasers Property 

Limited and OCBC Bank. 

Mr Wee holds a Master of Business Administration from 

New York University, USA and a Bachelor of Business 

Administration (Honours) from the University of Singapore. 

Age 72.





GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

20

BOARD OF

DIRECTORS






21

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019

THE GREAT EASTERN LIFE ASSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED

Koh Beng Seng¹, Chairman

Mimi Ho

Norman Ip¹

Kyle Lee Khai Fatt¹

Leo Mun Wai

Quah Wee Ghee

GREAT EASTERN GENERAL INSURANCE LIMITED

Koh Beng Seng¹, Chairman

Mimi Ho

Norman Ip¹

Leo Mun Wai

Quah Wee Ghee

1  Please refer to the “Board of Directors” section on pages 16 and 18 in the Annual Report 

2019 for the profiles of Mr Koh Beng Seng, Mr Norman Ip and Mr Kyle Lee Khai Fatt

BOARD OF

DIRECTORS

PRINCIPAL INSURANCE SUBSIDIARIES IN SINGAPORE




MIMI HO

LEO MUN WAI

Ms Ho was first appointed to the Boards of The Great 

Eastern Life Assurance Company Limited (“Great Eastern 

Life”) and Great Eastern General Insurance Limited (“GEG”) 

on 17 April 2013 and 1 January 2014 respectively. She 

is a Director of Partner Reinsurance Asia Pte. Ltd. and 

Regulatory Professionals Pte Ltd. She is also a member of 

the Southeast Asia Disaster Risk Insurance Facility Sub-

Trust A Committee.

Ms Ho was previously a Director of Asia Pacific Clear Pte. 

Ltd., Asia Pacific Exchange Pte. Ltd., Central Provident Fund 

Board, a Director and Member of the Finance Committee 

of Assisi Hospice as well as an Executive Director with the 

Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) from March 1998 

to September 2008 in various capacities including Insurance 

Supervision, Capital Markets Supervision, Financial Markets 

Development and Chief Representative for MAS in New York 

and London. She was also a Member of the Disciplinary 

Committee for Casino Regulatory Authority. Prior to that, 

she was the Chief Financial Officer and Appointed Actuary 

for Prudential Assurance Company Singapore (Pte.) Limited 

from February 1994 to February 1998. 

Ms Ho holds a Bachelor in Mathematics and Master in 

Mathematical Statistics, both from Columbia University. 

She is a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries, USA and 

also a Financial Industry Certified Professional (FICP) for 

Compliance. Age 65.

Mr Leo was first appointed to the Boards of Great Eastern 

Life and GEG on 15 April 2016. He is also an independent 

consultant.

Mr Leo was previously a Managing Director and Advisor of 

State Street Bank &amp; Trust, Singapore and a Senior Partner 

of Capelle Consulting Singapore. He was a Director of Tri 

Sector Associates Ltd and a Director and Audit Committee 

Member of the Casino Regulatory Authority from 2008 

to 2012 and a Member of Securities Industry Council 

from 2010 to 2012. Mr Leo was previously with the MAS 

for 20 years until 2012 in various capacities including 

Assistant Secretary of Securities Industries Council, Senior 

Deputy Director of Supervisory Policy, Director of Human 

Resource Department, Executive Director of External 

Department, Executive Director of Banking Supervision, 

his last appointment being Assistant Managing Director 

of Capital Markets Group. 

Mr Leo holds a Bachelor of Accountancy (Second Upper 

Honours) from National University of Singapore and a 

Masters of Finance, International Finance from RMIT 

University. He also completed the International Executive 

Programme at INSEAD. Age 53.

BOARD OF

DIRECTORS

PRINCIPAL INSURANCE SUBSIDIARIES IN SINGAPORE





GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

22






QUAH WEE GHEE

Mr Quah was first appointed to the Boards of Great 

Eastern Life and GEG on 1 March 2012 and 1 January 2014 

respectively. Mr Quah is a Partner of Avanda LLP, and a 

Director of Avanda Investment Management Pte. Ltd., Bank 

of Singapore Ltd, Cypress Holdings Private Limited and 

Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited. He is an 

Advisor of Investment Committee of Wah Hin &amp; Company 

(Pte) Ltd. 

Mr Quah was previously the Chairman of SLF Strategic 

Advisers Private Limited, a Director of EDBI Pte. Ltd., 

Singapore Exchange Limited and Singapore Labour 

Foundation, a Member of Board of Trustees of Singapore 

University of Technology and Design, Managing Director 

and President of GIC Asset Management Pte Ltd, the 

Chairman of Investment Committee and a Member of 

Evaluation Committee of Ministry of Health Holdings 

Pte Ltd, and Advisor to the Executive Committee of 

Government of Singapore Investment Corporation  

Pte Ltd.

Mr Quah holds a Bachelor of Engineering (Civil Engineering) 

from the National University of Singapore. He is a Chartered 

Financial Analyst and Alumni Member of the Stanford 

Graduate Business School. In 2010, he was awarded the 

Institute of Banking and Finance Distinguished Financial 

Industry Certified Professionals title. Age 59.



23

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

24

















KEY

EXECUTIVES

















Khor Hock Seng

Jimmy Tong

Ronnie Tan

Dato Koh Yaw Hui

Colin Chan

Ben Tan

Ryan Cheong

Clement Lien


25

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019





























Patrick Kok

Wee Ai Ning

Jeffrey Lowe

Gary Teh

Raymond Ong

Jennifer Wong Pakshong

James Lee




GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

26

KEY

EXECUTIVES

KHOR HOCK SENG

Group Chief Executive Officer

With Great Eastern since November 2015. Over 30 years 

of insurance experience and has held senior leadership 

positions in major multinational insurance companies. 

Responsible for the overall strategic direction and business 

growth for the Great Eastern Group.

Qualifications: 

Bachelor of Arts with a major in Actuarial Studies and 

Statistics, Macquarie University, Australia; Certificate of 

Actuarial Techniques, London Institute of Actuaries, UK.

RONNIE TAN

Group Chief Financial Officer

With Great Eastern since 2002. Responsible for Corporate 

Finance, Actuarial, Accounting, Financial Controls and Tax 

functions for the Group, as well as Investor Relations.

Qualifications: 

BSc in Business Administration (Highest Distinction), 

University of Nebraska-Lincoln; Chartered Financial Analyst; 

Fellow of the Society of Actuaries.

DATO KOH YAW HUI

Chief Executive Officer (Malaysia)

With Great Eastern since 2002. Responsible for the Malaysia 

Conventional Life business as well as oversees the growth 

of the company’s takaful business.

Qualifications: 

BSocial Science (Hons) in Economics, Universiti Sains 

Malaysia; Fellow of Life Management Institute, USA; 

Registered Financial Planner (RFP); Shariah RFP.

JIMMY TONG

Managing Director, General and Group Insurance

Joined Great Eastern in May 2016. Leads and oversees the 

General and Group Insurance business across all markets 

in the Group.  

Qualifications: 

Bachelor of Business Administration, National University 

of Singapore; CFA Charter holder. 

BEN TAN

Managing Director, Regional Agency / FA and Bancassurance

With Great Eastern since 2008. Responsible for driving the 

growth and governance of the agency, financial advisory 

(FA) and bancassurance channels across the Group.

Qualifications: 

Bachelor of Science in Business, Indiana University, USA.

CLEMENT LIEN

Chief Executive Officer (Indonesia)

Joined Great Eastern in January 2015. Responsible for 

growing the Life business in Indonesia.

Qualifications: 

Bachelor of Business Administration (Hons), National 

University of Singapore; Fellow of Life Management Institute 

(Distinction), USA.

RYAN CHEONG

Managing Director, Digital for Business

With Great Eastern since 2012. Responsible for the 

formulation of business strategy and transformation 

programmes across all markets in the Group.

Qualifications:  

Bachelor of Arts, University of Cambridge; Master of Arts, 

University of Cambridge; Master of Business Administration, 

The University of Manchester.


27

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019

COLIN CHAN

Managing Director, Group Marketing

With Great Eastern since 1994. Responsible for 

implementation of marketing and product efforts across 

the Group, including branding and communications.

Qualifications: 

Bachelor of Business, Actuarial Science (1st Class Hons), 

Nanyang Technological University; Fellow of the Institute 

of Actuaries, UK. 

RAYMOND ONG

Group Chief Risk Officer

With Great Eastern since 2009. Responsible for overall risk 

management of the Group, including market, credit, liquidity, 

insurance, operational, technology and compliance risks. 

Qualifications: 

Bachelor of Science (First Class Honours) in Actuarial 

Mathematics and Statistics, Heriot-Watt University, 

Edinburgh, UK; Fellow of the Institute of Actuaries, UK.

WEE AI NING

Group Chief Investment Officer

Joined Great Eastern in August 2017. Responsible 

for formulating the Group’s investment strategies and 

management of all investments within the Group.

Qualifications: 

Bachelor of Economics (Econometrics) Monash University, 

Australia; Chartered Financial Analyst.

JENNIFER WONG PAKSHONG

Group Company Secretary and General Counsel

With Great Eastern since 2009 and the Group since 1999. 

Oversees the corporate secretarial and legal functions 

across all countries.

Qualifications: 

LLB (Hons), University of Bristol (UK); LLM (with Merit), 

University College London; Degree of an Utter Barrister, 

Gray’s Inn (UK); admitted as an Advocate and Solicitor of 

the Supreme Court of Singapore.

GARY TEH

Managing Director, Group IT

Joined Great Eastern in January 2019. Responsible for the 

Group’s IT and digitalisation efforts to deliver digital and IT 

solutions to improve customer experience and to support 

business growth.

Qualifications: 

Bachelor of Information Technology (Honours), National 

University of Malaysia.

JAMES LEE

Managing Director, Group Human Capital

With Great Eastern since 1997. Responsible for human 

capital and change programmes across the Group, with 

priority on developing an inclusive and collaborative 

workplace and high-performance culture.  

Qualifications: 

BBA in Finance, University of Hawaii, USA; Master of 

Business Administration in Finance, Hawaii Pacific University, 

USA.

PATRICK KOK

Managing Director, Group Operations

With Great Eastern since 2009. Leads and oversees the 

Customer Service, Underwriting and Claims departments 

across the Group, with strong focus on delivering customer 

service excellence. 

Qualifications: 

B. Engineering (Hons), National University of Singapore; 

Associate of Chartered Insurance Institute, UK. 

JEFFREY LOWE

Group Chief Internal Auditor

With Great Eastern since 2011. Responsible for the 

independent and objective assessment of the Group’s risk 

management, internal control and governance processes 

through internal audit.

Qualifications: 

Bachelor of Accountancy (Hons), Nanyang Technological 

University; ACA, Institute of Chartered Accountant in 

England and Wales.


GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

28

FINANCIAL

HIGHLIGHTS

  FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER

2019

2018

2017

2016

2015

GROUP STATISTICS

Gross Premiums 

(S$millions)

 11,769.5

 12,239.2 

 12,558.7 

9,555.7

 8,757.4 

Profit Attributable to Shareholders

(S$millions)

 1,003.8 

 740.7 

 1,036.7 

589.3

 785.4 

Operating Profit after Tax1

(S$millions)

 659.82

 636.1

 600.3 

 504.2

 581.4 

Total Assets 

(S$millions)

 96,506.3 

 85,042.0 

 82,347.3 

 71,123.1

 65,820.7 

Shareholders' Equity

(S$millions)

 8,610.7 

 7,436.9 

 7,528.7 

 6,588.9

 6,230.4 

Stock Exchange Prices3

(S$)

21.75 

 24.78 

 27.67 

 20.31

 20.24 

Market Capitalisation3

(S$millions)

 10,294.7 

 11,728.8 

 13,096.7 

 9,613.1

 9,580.0 

Embedded Value

(S$millions)

15,497.1

 13,440.1 

 13,389.1 

11,693.8

 11,001.4 

Economic Value of One Year's  

New Business

(S$millions)

612.04

535.5

 543.0 

 466.2

 385.2 

GROUP FINANCIAL RATIOS

Return on Equity5 

(%)

12.5

9.9

14.7

9.2

13.0

Gross Premium Growth 

(%)

-3.8

-2.5

31.4

9.1

6.7

Basic Earnings per share6 

(S$)

2.12

 1.56 

 2.19 

 1.25

 1.66 

Diluted Earnings per share 

(S$)

 2.12 

 1.56 

 2.19 

 1.25

 1.66 

Net Asset Value per share 

(S$)

18.19 

 15.71 

 15.91 

 13.92

 13.16 

Embedded Value per share 

(S$)

 32.741

 28.395 

 28.288 

24.706

 23.243 

Economic Value of One Year's  

New Business per share

(S$)

1.293 

 1.131 

 1.147 

 0.985

 0.814 

Dividend per share 

(cents)

60.0 

 60.0 

 70.0 

 50.0

55.0 

1 

Operating Profit after Tax is defined as premiums less claims, surrenders, commissions, expenses and changes in reserves, plus net investment 

income (dividends, coupon, etc).  

 

 

 

 

 

2 

If translated using the monthly spot rate for 2018, FY19 Operating Profit After Tax would have been S$664.4 million.

3 

The Stock Exchange Prices and Market Capitalisation were obtained from Bloomberg.  

 

4 

If translated using the monthly spot rate for 2018, FY19 Economic Value of One Year's New Business would have been S$616.3 million.

5 

The average of the opening (1 January) and closing (31 December) balances of Shareholders' Equity has been used in the computation of 

Return on Equity. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

6 

The Basic Earnings per share were based on the Group's Profit Attributable to Shareholders divided by total paid-up shares. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


29

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019

3.8%

Gross Premiums

S$ millions

FY15 

FY16 

FY17 

FY18 

FY19





















8,757.4

9,555.7

12,558.7

12,239.2

11,769.5

FY15 

FY16 

FY17 

FY18 

FY19

Embedded Value

S$ millions





















11,001.4

11,693.8

13,389.1

13,440.1

15,497.1

15.3%

FY15 

FY16 

FY17 

FY18 

FY19

Shareholders’ Equity

S$ millions





















6,230.4

6,588.9

7,528.7

 7,436.9

8,610.7

15.8%

Profit Attributable to 

Shareholders

S$ millions

FY15 

FY16 

FY17 

FY18 

FY19





















785.4

589.3

1,036.7

740.7

1,003.8

35.5%

FY15 

FY16 

FY17 

FY18 

FY19

Economic Value of One 

Year’s New Business

S$ millions





















385.2

466.2

543.0

535.5

612.04

14.3%

FY15 

FY16 

FY17 

FY18 

FY19

Stock Exchange  

Prices3

S$





















20.24

20.31

27.67

24.78

21.75

12.2%

Operating Profit  

after Tax1

S$ millions

FY15 

FY16 

FY17 

FY18 

FY19





















581.4

504.2

600.3

636.1

 659.82

3.7%

FY15 

FY16 

FY17 

FY18 

FY19

Total Assets

S$ millions





















65,820.7

71,123.1

82,347.3

85,042.0

96,506.3

13.5%

FY15 

FY16 

FY17 

FY18 

FY19





















9,580.0

9,613.1

13,096.7

11,728.8

10,294.7

12.2%

Market Capitalisation3

S$ millions


GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

30

EMBEDDED

VALUE

EMBEDDED VALUE 

An actuarial embedded value is a commonly used technique 

to assess the economic value of the existing business 

of a life insurance company. Looking at a company’s 

distributable profits for a year, or even a few years, is not 

a reliable guide to its long-term economic value. This is 

because the timing of distributable profits arising from a 

profitable insurance policy may involve accounting losses in 

the initial policy years and higher accounting profits in later 

years that will make the policy profitable overall. The loss 

in the initial years is due to the initial expenses of writing 

new business, combined with the need to meet capital 

requirements. As a result, in any one year, high growth of 

business may tend to lower distributable profits. Embedded 

values have therefore been developed as a way to assess 

the long-term economic value of a life insurance company 

for the existing blocks of business.

The embedded value of Great Eastern Holdings Limited 

(“the Group”) has been determined using the traditional 

deterministic cash flow methodology that has been adopted 

historically for embedded value reporting, and comprises 

the sum of the value of In-Force Business and the value 

of the adjusted Shareholders’ Funds.

VALUE OF IN-FORCE BUSINESS

This represents an estimate of the economic value of 

projected distributable profits to shareholders, i.e. after-tax 

cash flows less increases in statutory reserves and capital 

requirements attributable to shareholders, from the In-Force 

Business at the valuation date, i.e. 31 December 2019. The 

cash flows represent a deterministic projection, using best 

estimate assumptions of future operating experience and 

are discounted at a risk-adjusted discount rate. The use of 

a risk-adjusted discount rate, together with an allowance 

for the cost of holding statutory reserves and meeting 

capital requirements, represent the allowance for risk in 

the value of In-Force Business together with an implicit 

allowance for the cost of options and guarantees provided 

to policyholders. It should be noted that this allowance for 

risk is approximate and may not correspond precisely with 

the allowance determined using capital market consistent 

techniques.

In projecting the value of In-Force Business, the statutory 

reserve valuation bases and capital requirements are based 

on the Risk Based Capital framework as set out in prevailing 

local regulations for Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia as 

of 31 December 2019. No additional adjustment is made for 

the new capital regime (Risk Based Capital 2) in Singapore, 

which will be effective in 2020.

 

In Singapore, the Group’s asset management company Lion 

Global Investors Ltd (“LGI”) manages a proportion of the 

Singapore Life Funds’ assets for which fees are payable 

from each Fund. In line with generally accepted traditional 

embedded valuation methodologies in respect of services 

provided by asset management companies within our 

insurance group, the present value of profits arising in LGI 

from the fees paid by Singapore Life Fund is included in 

the embedded value and new business value of the Group 

for the year ended 31 December 2019. 

ADJUSTED SHAREHOLDERS’ FUND

This represents the value of assets over and above that 

required to meet statutory reserves, capital requirements 

and other liabilities.

ASSUMPTIONS USED

The assumptions adopted for the calculations have been 

determined taking into account the recent experience of, 

and expected future outlook for, the life insurance business 

of the companies involved, i.e. The Great Eastern Life 

Assurance Company Limited (“GEL”) in Singapore, Great 

Eastern Life Assurance (Malaysia) Berhad (“GELM”) and 

Great Eastern Takaful Berhad (“GETB”) in Malaysia and PT 

Great Eastern Life Indonesia (“GELI”) in Indonesia.

Investment returns assumed are based on the long term 

strategic asset mix and their expected future returns. The 

risk-adjusted discount rate used is 7.0% for Singapore, 

8.75% for Malaysia and 13.5% for Indonesia.

EMBEDDED VALUE CALCULATION

The value of In-Force Business has been calculated for the 

life insurance business of GEL in Singapore, GELM and 

GETB in Malaysia and GELI in Indonesia, along with the 

adjusted Shareholders’ Funds for the Group. The results 

of the calculations as at 31 December 2019 are as follows:

Embedded Value  

(S$ millions)

Singapore* 

Malaysia^

Total

Life Business

  Value of In-Force 

Business

5,350

3,102

8,452

Shareholders’ Funds 

and Non-Life Business

 Adjusted Shareholders’  

Funds

6,142**

903

7,045

Total Embedded Value

11,492

4,005

15,497

* 

Includes GELI

** Includes businesses in Brunei and Hong Kong 

^ 

Includes GETB


31

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019

ECONOMIC VALUE OF ONE YEAR’S  

NEW BUSINESS

The economic value of one year’s new business, 

defined as the value of projected shareholder 

distributable profits from new business sold in the 

year, is used to determine the estimated value of 

future distributable profits from new sales. Using 

the same best estimate, reserving and capital 

requirement assumptions as those used for the 

In-Force Business, the economic value of business written for the 

year ended 31 December 2019 has been calculated as follows:

ANALYSIS OF CHANGE IN EMBEDDED VALUE (S$ MILLIONS)

The chart shows various components accounting for the change in embedded value from the start to the end of the year. 

The table below the chart provides comparison of the individual components against 2018 analysis results.

*  

Excludes GETB

^  Includes GETB, GELI and Group’s regional operations in Brunei

Values (S$ millions)

Singapore

Malaysia*

Others^

Total

Economic Value 

of One Year’s New 

Business

301

273

38

612

INDEPENDENT REVIEW

The embedded value, the value of one year’s new business and the analysis of change in embedded value during the 

year were determined by the Group. Ernst &amp; Young LLP performed a review of the methodology used (based on the 

traditional deterministic embedded value reporting approach), the assumptions and procedures adopted, the materiality 

thresholds and limitations and performed a high level review of the results of the Group’s calculations. 

SCENARIO TESTING

In addition, some scenario tests were conducted using different investment return assumptions and risk-adjusted discount 

rates. The results are summarised below:

Embedded 

Value 2018

Opening

Adjustment

Operating

Assumption

Changes

Returns on

Shareholders’

Funds/Other

Businesses

Expected 

Return on 

in-Force 

Business

Value of 

New 

Business 

Written*

Operating 

Experience

Variances

Economic 

and Non-

Operating 

Variances

Dividends 

Paid

Ending 

Adjustment

Embedded 

Value 2019

2019

13,440

(28)

75

419

647

612

79

537

(284)

-

15,497

2018

13,389

(44)

(162)

(185)

605

505

(61)

(403)

(331)

127^

13,440

* 

2018 excludes values of new business from GETB, GELI and the Group’s other regional operations in Brunei

 

2019 excludes values of new business from the Group’s other regional operations in Brunei

^ 

Includes the value of in-force business for GETB and GELI from 2018 onwards

S$ 

millions

13,440

(28)

75

419

647

612

79

537

(284)

0

15,497

Values (S$ millions)

Base 

Scenario

Investment 

+0.5%

Investment 

-0.5%

Discount Rate 

+1.0%

Discount Rate 

-1.0%

Total Embedded Value

15,497

15,947

14,752

14,328

16,265

Economic Value of One Year’s 

New Business

612

653

576

525

723


GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

32

BUSINESS

REVIEW

Singapore

During the year, we continued to focus on customers 

with insurance solutions catering to their needs at 

every life stage. To further drive customer engagement 

across different segments, we unveiled marketing 

campaigns to grow brand affinity, encourage healthy 

living and build loyalty. Additionally, we strengthened 

existing partner relationships and established new 

ones to widen our customer reach to new segments. 

In 2019, our Singapore operations, 

comprising Great Eastern Life Assurance 

Co Ltd (GELS) and Great Eastern General 

Insurance (GEG) continued to deliver a 

steady performance. 

New Business Embedded Value for the year 

increased by 13% to S$300.8 million, as a 

result of the successful execution of our 

product strategy to shift the mix towards 

more protection focused and regular 

premium products. Our General Insurance 

business grew by 25% to S$164.9 million in 

gross written premiums, while our Life 

Insurance business registered S$781.1 

million in Total Weighted New Business 

premiums, a 7% year-on-year decline.

We continued to make strides in our digital 

transformation journey by rolling out initiatives to 

empower our financial representatives and help 

them engage their customers better, and also made 

investments to enhance our systems to improve 

end-to-end customer experiences.

MEETING CUSTOMER NEEDS WITH 

INNOVATIVE SOLUTIONS 

This year, we launched various insurance solutions 

with flexibility and customisation to suit the needs 

of our customers.

Recognising the financial challenges of families 

belonging to the ‘sandwich’ generation, we unveiled 

GREAT Family Care - a pioneering plan to provide 

coverage for all three generations in a family – the 

first such insurance solution in Singapore.

We unveiled GREAT Cancer Guard which provides 

100% payout for policyholders, covering all stages 

of cancer, and this was well-received by customers.

To help customers bridge their protection gap and 

achieve their wealth accumulation goals, we launched 

two investment-linked plans : GREAT Life Advantage 

and GREAT Wealth Advantage.

On the bancassurance front, we registered strong 

sales for the GreatAssure Endowment Insurance 

and GreatLife Endowment Insurance. Our Universal 

Life Guaranteed Issue Offer (GIO) saw good take-up, 

while our PremierLife Generation 3 product launched 

in September was well-received by pre-retirees. 






33

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019

STRENGTHENING OUR DISTRIBUTION 

CAPABILITIES

To deliver a better advisory experience to customers, 

we rolled out initiatives to empower our financial 

representatives in this digital age. We invested in 

the Great Digital Advantage (GDA) platform with a 

full suite of digital and performance management 

tools developed specially to help our financial 

representatives.

GreatAdvice - a highly interactive financial planning 

tool based on a Life Storyboard concept - has helped 

our financial representatives engage customers better 

and provide value-added guidance to help them to 

make more informed decisions. 

GreatPlanner has allowed financial representatives to 

better manage customer relationships, in addition to 

monitoring sales activities and performance outcomes 

at a glance, thereby improving their productivity and 

efficiency.

During the year, we grew our distribution force to 

broaden our footprint in Singapore. The opening of 

our customer service centre and agency office at Paya 

Lebar Quarter allowed us to better serve customers 

on the Eastern side of the island. 

To deepen our outreach to the mass affluent segment, 

we launched Prestige Partners, a handpicked team of 

top financial representatives to provide value-added 

financial solutions in insurance, investments and 

legacy planning. A Prestige Client Office was set up 

with a dedicated service concierge to provide middle-

office support across a range of bespoke services 

such as medical, travel and security assistance to 

this fast growing segment.

Great Eastern Financial Advisers (GEFA) - Singapore’s 

largest financial advisory firm - expanded its footprint 

through collaborative partnerships to equip its advisers 

with broader skillsets and capabilities. GEFA events 

and seminars were held to educate prospective 

and existing customers on its wealth, legacy and 

investment solutions, and through GEFA Studio, the 

firm raised customer awareness on financial topics 

through bite-sized online videos.

Our bancassurance strategy continued to be anchored 

on our synergistic partnership with OCBC Bank where 

we jointly identified new growth opportunities and 

strengthened our presence in Singapore. 

To support the OCBC Life Goals programme, we 

launched a range of financial solutions sold through 

their network. 

To further strengthen collaboration with the bank, we 

doubled the strength of our business development 

team to provide more comprehensive middle office 

support. 

On the training front, our business development 

managers also teamed up with the OCBC 

bancassurance specialists to provide holistic and 

in-depth training for the bankers. 

FORGING STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIPS

To make insurance an accessible everyday proposition 

for existing and potential customers, we strengthened 

current partner relationships and collaborated with new 

ones, which allowed us to reach out to the digitally-

savvy and acquire new customers. 

In Singapore, we partnered Sport Singapore’s ActiveSG 

to launch the first in-app digital insurance plan for its 

members. Our personal accident plan - Active Care 

- was made available exclusively on the ActiveSG 

mobile app to their 1.6 million users.






GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

34

BUSINESS

REVIEW

Singapore



We collaborated with Singtel to enable direct customer 

purchases of our travel insurance solution GREAT 

Getaway Cover through its Singtel Dash mobile wallet. 

To reach out to a younger audience, we supported 

their PVP Esports Community League to build brand 

affinity with new customers.

With Samsung, we offered our personal accident and 

home insurance solutions GREAT Smart Cover and 

GREAT Smart Home directly to their customers via 

its mobile wallet. 

We partnered CaregiverAsia Pte Ltd to offer the first 

in-market Extraordinary Care Program (EOCP), where 

special needs children are provided with continued 

long-term therapy and professional care through an 

insurance pay-out of S$150,000. The EOCP was 

launched with Extra•Ordinary People as its inaugural 

therapy partner in December.

BUILDING BRAND AFFINITY AND 

CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT 

Our ‘Plan Like A Woman’ campaign was launched 

in June to encourage women to proactively plan for 

their financial health, and focused on segments across 

different age groups and marital status. 

In addition, we engaged millennials with a social 

media video campaign showcasing the latest trends 

on travel and financial planning.

As a prelude to the Great Eastern Women’s Run 

(GEWR) for 2019, we unveiled our Run To Live Great 

programme, which included a 10-week fitness plan 

to help first-time runners start their journey towards a 

healthier lifestyle.  Selected participants went through 

curated fitness workouts designed by top trainers to 

prepare for the race, in addition to exclusive privileges 

provided by partner merchants ranging from wellness 

sessions to sports merchandise.    





Together with healthtech startup Doctor Anywhere, 

we launched a spectrum of integrated health and 

wellness services for our group insurance customers. 

From August, 40,000 insured members under our 

Live Great group insurance programmes were 

given access to on-demand video consultations 

with registered doctors through the Live Great  

mobile app.


35

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019



Close to 600 women made ‘herstory’ by participating 

in our first-ever Great Eastern Women’s Individual 

Physical Proficiency Test (IPPT), which took place 

at the Singapore Sports Hub on 24 August, thereby 

setting a record for the ‘Most Number of Women 

Doing the IPPT’ in the Singapore Book of Records. 

The test comprised three fitness stations: push-ups, 

sit-ups and a 2.4km run. 

The 14th edition of GEWR took place on 3 November, 

attracting over 13,000 runners. The event provided 

a carnival experience for the runners and their 

families. In sum, we raised S$50,240 in support of 

adopted charities - Breast Cancer Foundation and the 

Women’s Health Research and Education Fund under 

SingHealth Duke-NUS Obstetrics &amp; Gynaecology 

Academic Clinical Programme.

CREATING VALUE THROUGH 

DIGITALISATION 

At Great Eastern, we are continuously developing 

internal capabilities and analytical models towards 

predictive modelling, artificial intelligence and machine 

learning. We implemented a Big Data Analytics 

platform in June to enable the aggregation of available 

data sources for customer analytics and insights.

Through the insights gathered, we improved the 

customer journeys and operational efficiency in core 

insurance processes and enhanced the productivity 

of the distribution force across our business lines for 

better informed decision-making. 

We launched a regional Centre for Excellence to 

provide training and best-practice sharing in the areas 

of Robotics Process Automation (RPA) across the 

Group. RPA solutions were implemented to streamline 

and automate internal processes, so as to enable 

straight-through processing for policy application, 

servicing and instant claims fulfillment. 

ENHANCING CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE 

THROUGH TECHNOLOGY

At Great Eastern, we are continuously re-imagining 

customer journeys so as to deliver ‘peace-of-mind’ 

experiences. Customers in Singapore can now receive 



insurance claim payments through PayNow instead 

of physical cheques. Implemented since June, it 

has resulted in faster processing of payments to 

customers, and at the same time reducing transaction 

costs. 

Leveraging on insights gathered through data 

analytics on our policyholders, we launched two 

campaigns targeted at selected policyholders for 

GREAT Family Care and GREAT Cancer Guard. With 

a better understanding of our policyholders’ needs 

coupled with seamless straight-through applications 

for life policies, the campaigns garnered more than 

10,000 new policies. 

Our collaboration with Doctor Anywhere provided our 

group insurance customers with access to medical 

consultations via video and this was well-received 

by their employees. 

We launched a refreshed version of GETGREAT - our 

health and wellness app - to help customers track 

and stay focused on their fitness journeys through 

activities and customisable avatars. Customers are 

able to monitor their steps by pairing the GETGREAT 

app with their fitness tracking devices and then 

converting their steps into reward points on our 

UPGREAT loyalty rewards platform. 




GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

36



BUSINESS

REVIEW

Singapore

With UPGREAT, we introduced new merchant partners 

in a single mobile app to provide more redemption 

choices for users. Through our collaboration with 

OCBC Bank’s STACK platform, UPGREAT users 

can also convert reward points from other eligible 

merchants into UPGREAT points, to expand their 

redemption possibilities. As of end-2019, we have 

over 125,000 users on GETGREAT and UPGREAT. 

GROWING OUR GENERAL INSURANCE 

BUSINESS

Our General Insurance business delivered another 

year of consistent profitable growth in a competitive 

market, as we strengthened our presence in the 

agency and bank distribution channels.

In 2019, we saw continued success in our OCBC Bank 

partnership, whereby we increased our penetration of 

the bank customer and credit card base, and delivered 

significant uplift in new renewable business through 

our telemarketing channel.

As part of our retail strategy, we focused on enhancing 

our personal lines business by strengthening our retail 

team, expanding our collaboration with our distribution 

force and bancassurance partners, and enhancing 

our product development capabilities. 

We offered bite-size travel insurance products for 

Singtel Dash customers across five neighbouring 

countries for as low as S$5 payable through their 

mobile phones. By growing our digital affinity channels, 

we will reach out to more new customers. 

We made investments to improve our policy operating 

systems to provide greater convenience for our 

customers and financial representatives. The new 

systems also offer features that will enable us to 

reduce product development cycles and time-to-

market for new products.  

ENHANCING OUR GROUP INSURANCE 

PROPOSITION

To meet the growing demands of our group insurance 

customers, we leveraged on technology and 

digitalisation to help strengthen our offer, focusing on 

minimising disruption and making it more convenient 

for their employees. New products and services were 

also developed to address their human resource needs 

and provide convenience for end-users.

We introduced Great Employee Benefits - a new 

employee benefits scheme for small and medium 

enterprises (SMEs). With this portfolio-rated packaged 

insurance, group customers have a choice of over 100 

general practitioner clinics and seven restructured 

outpatient specialist services to cater to their 

employees’ medical needs. Their employees can 

now access a wide range of product offerings ranging 

from group term life, personal accident to inpatient 

and outpatient hospital plans.

Last but not least, we worked with OCBC Bank to 

provide Group Mortgage Reducing Term Assurance 

to the bank’s private property loan customers. 


37

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019







Malaysia

Our Malaysian operations registered strong 

positive growth for the financial year 2019.

Total weighted new business from Great 

Eastern Life Assurance (Malaysia) Berhad 

(GELM) and Great Eastern Takaful Berhad 

(GETB) grew 19% to RM1,363.4 million 

(S$448.7 million) compared with RM1,144.2 

million (S$382.0 million) in 2018, and New 

Business Embedded Value grew 17% to 

RM917.0 million (S$301.8 million).

Great Eastern General Malaysia Berhad 

(GEGM) achieved gross written premiums 

of RM523.4 million (S$172.2 million). 

STRENGTHENING OUR CUSTOMER 

ENGAGEMENT 

We believe that every Malaysian deserves to live the 

GREAT Life. We remain focused on our purpose as 

the LIFE company to empower Malaysians to live 

healthier and better lives. In 2019, we became the 

proud partner of Asia’s Got Talent Season 3, one of 

the world’s biggest talent competition and featuring 

some of the region’s popular performing artists. Our 

sponsorship was aimed at increasing brand awareness 

and reinforcing our corporate brand positioning 

to inspire people to pursue their passions, turn 

aspirations into action and LIVE GREAT.

We organised #RoadtoGreatness, an on-ground 

event to inspire Malaysians to discover their road 

to greatness. The event brought the world’s largest 

performing stage to Kuala Lumpur, and featured the 

Indonesian illusionist The Sacred Riana performing 

alongside fan-favourite acts from Asia’s Got Talent 

Season 3 including Malaysia’s Yaashwin Sarawanan, 

NAMA and Freaky Girls, Indonesia’s Raisa Putri and 

Singapore’s Louis Sue.

For the eighth consecutive year, we were the main 

sponsor for the Star Health Expo Penang 2019. It 

took place from 13 to 15 March and attracted close to 

18,000 participants. As the largest health and fitness 

exhibition in the country, there were varied attractions 

including exhibitions, booth activities, health talks 

and live workout sessions. Main highlights for the 

event were the LIVE GREAT Dodgeball Open, Kinect 

Workout, LIVE GREAT Sky Track and Bike Race events 

which were well attended. 

Also in its eighth year was the ever-popular Great 

Eastern LIVE GREAT Run 2019 which attracted 14,000 

runners to the Bukit Jalil National Stadium on 17 

August for an evening of healthy and family-friendly 

fun. The event featured two categories – the 12km 

LIVE GREAT Run for seasoned runners, and the 5km 

Triple Fun Run for more casual participants. Besides 

fan favourites like the Bubble Zone and Water Zone, 

the Triple Fun Run introduced a brand-new element 

of slime as part of its Colour Zone. Participants also 

enjoyed photo opportunities, carnival games, food 

trucks and a mesmerising display of fireworks at the 

LIVE GREAT Carnival. 

Over 52,000 participants took part in the Great Eastern 

Viper Challenge 2019 at exciting locations like the 

Sepang Night Trak, Penang Second Bridge, Port 

Dickson, Bukit Jalil National Stadium and Sepang 

International Circuit, where they navigated obstacle 

courses which tested their endurance, strength and 

teamwork. 


GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

38

BUSINESS

REVIEW

Malaysia



DELIVERING INNOVATIVE PRODUCTS AND 

SERVICES 

We are committed to providing insurance solutions 

suited to our customers’ different life stages, such 

as SmartProtect Junior and Smart Baby Shield. 

SmartProtect Junior is a comprehensive child 

insurance plan packaged with medical, accidental 

and payer riders. The Smart Baby Shield is a pre-

natal rider attached to SmartProtect Junior to cover 

expectant mothers for pregnancy complications 

and also offers protection for the unborn baby with 

congenital conditions. To complete the package of 

SmartProtect Junior, we introduced IL Junior CI Plus 

rider and IL EduSaver. IL Junior CI Plus rider provides 

critical illness coverage that focuses on child-prone 

conditions whereas IL EduSaver helps to build the 

education fund of the child. 

We enhanced our investment-linked product suite 

by launching SmartProtect Essential 3, SmartProtect 

Legacy Max and SmartProtect Wealth 20. SmartProtect 

Essential 3 is a comprehensive plan that provides 

customers a wide range of insurance solutions. It 

includes optional riders to provide additional protection 

from medical to accidental coverage. SmartProtect 

Legacy Max and SmartProtect Wealth 20 provided 

solutions for legacy planning and debt cancellation 

with a high level of coverage.

Great Love4u - an affordable plan designed to offer 

high coverage up to three times the basic sum assured 

– was launched for accidental death with hassle-free 

enrolment and no medical underwriting. 

We partnered Axiata Digital Capital to provide 

affordable and customised insurance and takaful 

products to our customers across Malaysia and 

Indonesia, using a digital financial services platform to 

provide the seamless mobile experience of purchasing 

insurance and takaful solutions to help bridge the 

protection gap.

For bancassurance channels, we deepened our 

partnership with OCBC Bank and focused on product 

development. We launched MaxEmpower and Max 

Step-up to broaden the savings and protection 

solutions for customers, and introduced MaxSure, 

an innovative regular premium product, to support 

the bank’s initiative to drive customer footfall to their 

branches.

STRENGTHENING OUR DISTRIBUTION 

CAPABILITIES 

As part of our digital transformation journey to better 

serve our agency force, we launched Great Link, 

a mobile communicator application to strengthen 

agency communication and improve efficiency and 

productivity. Anchored on the premise of providing 

convenient, relevant and timely communication, 

Great Link brings together the various business 

communication channels into one single omni-channel 

platform. 

Some of these features included the ability to check 

sales targets and track performance through the 

financial representatives’ individual Balanced Score 

Card report, as well as updates of newly-launched 

agency contests, nation-wide and regional events, 

news and interactive sales materials. The app also 

comes with functional tracking capabilities such 

as read and received message status and periodic 

reminders.

Since its launch in July, there have been over 10,000 

downloads to-date. The Great Link underlines our goal 

to provide value to our agency force and to continually 

engage them. With more planned enhancements 

expected, we are confident that Great Link will benefit 

our agency force in the years ahead. 

Regular engagement with our agency force is key 

to our company’s success. At the start of the year, 

a record-breaking 5000 financial representatives 

attended GELM’s National Head Start 2019 event. With 

the theme “One! One! One! Be The Best One”, GELM 

management were present to share the company’s 

upcoming plans and products and encourage the 

agency force to strive for customer excellence. 


39

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019



GROWING OUR GENERAL AND GROUP 

INSURANCE BUSINESS 

At GEGM, we embarked on our first affinity partnership 

with Malindo Air, as part of our efforts to digitally 

transform our business and enhance the customer 

journey and experience. The travel insurance policy 

launched in May, covered loss of documents and 

money, trip cancellations and other inconveniences 

such as flight delays and loss of baggage. With this 

partnership, customers can buy travel insurance easily 

at their fingertips.

In partnership with OCBC Bank, our packaged 

fire product for homes OCBC HomeMate was 

well-received. We also reached out to the bank’s 

Business Banking commercial customers with the 

launch of OCBC BizMate, a fire insurance product 

for commercial properties. 

The annual GEGM-OCBC business banking was held 

from 22 to 26 March and attended by bancassurance 

employees from both companies to discuss growth 

plans for Malaysia.

Additionally, we grew our customer base with the 

launch of Perodua Total Protect Plus in January, in 

collaboration with Perodua Malaysia.

GROWING OUR TAKAFUL BUSINESS

2019 marked our second year of double-digit growth 

as we focused on providing affordable protection to 

all Malaysians and catering to their various needs.

Our products under the Harapan series enjoyed 

strong consumer take-up and earned the approval of 

industry observers by winning multiple awards. i-Great 

Harapan (also known as i-Gr8 Harapan) was named 

Best Takaful product by International Finance Awards 

2019 and Insurance Initiative of the Year by Insurance 

Asia Awards 2019.

In September, we launched Harapan Trio which 

are affordable stand-alone products that provided 

adequate coverage for individuals diagnosed with 

medical conditions and critical illnesses. 

In addition to diversifying our product range and 

delivery channels, we launched our first universal 

takaful fund product, Supreme-i, which was distributed 

through OCBC Al-Amin, and designed to meet 

customers’ short-term financial goals. This was 

followed by another universal takaful product, Legacy-i, 

which was designed to meet customers’ long-term 

financial and protection needs.

This year, GETB made great strides towards our goal 

of being one of the leading practitioners of Value-

based Intermediation (VBI) within the takaful industry. 

We were tasked to deliver a strategic framework and 

roadmap to advance the VBI agenda, in collaboration 

with several other Malaysian takaful operators. 

 

In Malaysia, Islamic financial institutions are leading 

the sustainability agenda and encouraging each 

other to create positive values and impact, in 

response to the changing socio-economic and 

environmental landscape. The VBI journey began 

in 2018 with the Islamic banks paving the way 

with more offerings that satisfy contemporary 

sustainability themes. Some of these innovative 

solutions included promoting physical and mental 

well-being, as well as environmental sustainability. 

 

2019 was also a significant year for GETB as the 

government appointed us as the Takaful Operator of 

the free national health protection scheme, mySalam. 

This provided us with the opportunity to address the 

financial needs of the unserved and underserved, 

and underlines our commitment towards uplifting 

communities in need.




GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

40

BUSINESS

REVIEW

Emerging Markets





INDONESIA 

2019 was a year of positive performance for Great 

Eastern Life Indonesia (GELI). Customers remained 

a key priority for us, and throughout the year, we 

worked with partners to strengthen engagement with 

them across distribution channels, and focused on 

delivering innovative solutions.

During the year, we strengthened our bancassurance 

channels focusing on deepening collaborations with 

Bank OCBC NISP to develop various products for 

wealth management, small and medium enterprises, 

private banking and the Sharia business, as well 

as their digital platform, ONe Mobile. To increase 

mindshare for the Great Eastern brand, we partnered 

with Bank OCBC NISP and hosted our customers to 

performances by prominent music acts as part of the 

Premium Music Experience, a series of concerts held 

in several cities such as Surabaya, Malang, Bandung, 

Medan and Jakarta. 

We expanded our business with a new bank partner 

Maybank Indonesia to focus on the credit life business, 

and continued to grow our existing partnership with 

PT Bank Panin Dubai Syariah Tbk for our Sharia 

business. We deepened our relationships with the 

stakeholders, enhanced our processes and generated 

positive business outcomes. 

Additionally, we piloted collaborations with digital 

affinity partners such as LinkAja, Qoo10, Garuda 

Indonesia, True Money, Celebrity Fitness, RMI, PeDe, 

Qoala and Axiata Digital Capital to extend our reach to 

new customer segments. These partnerships provided 

us with great insights into the digital affinity business 

and are showing positive results. 

We strengthened our telemarketing and digital sales 

capabilities and continued to expand relationships 

in our brokerage channel to grow our presence in 

Indonesia. 

With our new company PT Great Eastern General 

Insurance Indonesia (GEGI) - formerly PT QBE General 

Insurance Indonesia - we have started to broaden our 

focus on general insurance solutions to strengthen our 

presence in the country. We now have a full suite of 

both life and general insurance offers to our customers. 

Our comprehensive solutions include Life &amp; Savings, 

Health &amp; Medical, Personal Accident, Motor, Property, 

Fire, Marine, Engineering &amp; Construction, Professional 

Liability and General Liability.




41

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019





On the product design front, we continued to deliver 

unique solutions catering to customer needs. In 

August, we launched Great Treasure Assurance 

which was well-received by customers. A first in the 

Indonesian market, it is a single premium whole life 

policy, which comes with a sum assured of up to 40 

times the single premium paid. Customers do not 

need to worry about missing their future premium 

payments and their beneficiaries, in turn, receive their 

benefits as the policy does not lapse. 

We received industry recognition during the year 

for our business excellence, with the brand winning 

several awards for Marketing, Product Innovation, 

Governance, Risk and Compliance.

BRUNEI

In 2019, we focused on growing our agency force 

to build a quality and sustainable business. The 

introduction of a new licensing framework early 

in the year resulted in the reduction of financial 

representatives industry-wide. 

To address this challenge, we worked closely with our 

agency leaders and JobCentre Brunei, the national 

one-stop career centre, so that we have a pool of 

qualified financial representatives who will continue 

to serve our customers effectively. 

Training remained a key priority for us to build and 

retain a quality agency force. Regular training sessions 

were conducted to boost the professionalism, advisory 

skills and product knowledge of our agency force. 

Activities were also ramped up to increase the 

productivity of our sales force. 

In support of the local regulator’s aim to increase financial 

literacy awareness in the country, we participated in 

various National Savings Day events and worksite 

marketing activities in government offices throughout 

2019. These helped raise our profile, positioned us as a 

trusted brand and increased the sales of our products 

in the Brunei market.



We launched the first-ever multi-generation Critical 

Illness plan - GREAT Family Care - in the last quarter of 

2019, which generated much excitement and was well-

received by customers as a first in the Brunei market.

During the year, to deepen our relationships and 

engage our customers, business partners and agency 

force on an ongoing basis, we leveraged major local 

festive occasions where we organised regular LIVE 

GREAT gatherings to bring them together and reinforce 

brand affinity.

 


GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

42

HUMAN

CAPITAL

As a LIFE company, we inspire our people to LIVE 

GREAT. We believe every employee is a talent and can 

make a difference. To foster effective synergies, we 

are building an engaging environment and creating a 

place for our employees to discover and develop their 

potential to the fullest. Our Human Capital strategies 

are focused on Leadership, Learning and Growth, 

Culture Building, Employee Engagement and Health 

and Well-Being.

BUILDING A STRONG CORPORATE 

CULTURE

In 2019, we celebrated our 111th Anniversary and 

took the opportunity to reflect on what it means to 

be the Life Company, starting with understanding 

the hearts and minds of our employees.

Through a survey conducted across our regional 

offices, colleagues from Singapore, Malaysia and 

Indonesia were invited to share their views to shape 

the culture and DNA of Great Eastern.

For the first time, the results were combined and 

displayed real-time on feature screens in Singapore 

and Malaysia and made accessible through a web-

link for colleagues located in Indonesia and those 

stationed away from our HQ offices. 

DEVELOPING OUR PEOPLE

We continued to invest in people development. During 

the year, employees had the opportunity to cultivate core 

competencies and skills to help them to meet the 

rapidly changing demands of the insurance industry. 

On-the-job learning and workshops were organised 

throughout the year to help guide employees in their 

career development. E-learning modules and tutorials 

were rolled out to educate employees on industry 

trends and regulations, help them stay informed 

and perform their daily operations more effectively. 

Executive programmes were offered to talents 

earmarked for leadership positions. For succession 

planning, staff with leadership potential were given 

expanded job scopes and assigned job rotations to 

prepare them for progression within the Group. We 

implemented the Great Eastern Career Framework 

and Career Book across the Group to provide 

greater clarity and visibility on the career paths and 

opportunities available. This allows our employees 

to chart their own individual careers and facilitate 

the management of cross-functional and divisional 

employee rotations. 

ENGAGING OUR PEOPLE

Our employee engagement strategy is multi-

dimensional and anchored on teamwork and open 

two-way communication between staff and senior 

management. 

To reinforce our ongoing focus on customer-centricity, 

a series of 49 “Make Life Great” workshops were 

held throughout 2019, attended by close to 2,900 

employees. Special team-based activities and 

experiential learning were conducted which enabled 

participants to explore, ideate and implement 

solutions to enhance end-user experience for better 

customer value creation.

We organised regular town halls chaired by senior 

management to keep employees abreast of company 

performance and upcoming plans and products 

throughout the year.




43

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019

Our Great Connections sessions, where employees 

are given opportunities to engage with senior 

management over casual lunches, have proven 

popular and successful. A total of five sessions were 

held and saw 78 employees taking part.

As the Life Company, the well-being of our employees 

is a priority. Through our LIFE Programme which forms 

a key component of our employer value proposition, 

we incentivised our employees to take charge of 

their health and wellness.

We organised a series of health workshops and 

activities at company and department levels to 

encourage employees on their journey towards 

better health and fitness. These included brisk walks, 

static workouts and GO GREEN Challenges where 

600 participants comprising over 70 teams and 130 

individuals signed up to lose 1,100 kg collectively 

as a company.

In Malaysia, we participated in the Activ@Work 

Challenge by PERKESO where employees were 

motivated to stay active at the workplace. A 

collaboration with MyPerintis, a local youth NGO, on 

“Sweat Off Depression and Anxiety” was organised 

to debunk common myths and misconceptions on 

mental health. 

The LIFE Programme, a key anchor event in driving 

organisational health and employee engagement 

across the Group, grew from strength to strength. 

Participation in this voluntary programme has 

increased to 88% for Singapore, 74% in Malaysia, 

and over 50% for Indonesia, since its launch. In 

tandem with the success of the programme, the 

overall health profile of employees in the Group 

has improved.

In Malaysia, we worked with the Industry Administrative 

Officers Association Peninsular Malaysia (IIAOA) to 

maintain industrial harmony and create a workplace 

environment that supports organisational change and 

staff well-being. For example, we enhanced benefits 

such as extended maternity leave, and additional 

special leave for long-serving staff. 

To enhance operational efficiency, we digitalised our 

HR processes. In April, compensation letters were 

made available online via the iHR platform. Oracle 

HCM, a cloud-based system for Talent Management, 

Performance Management, Learning Management, 

and Talent Acquisition, will be launched in Q1 2020 

to further streamline Human Capital’s processes.

At Great Eastern Life Indonesia, we progressively 

rolled out the Human Resources Management System 

(HRMS), to allow staff to handle documents and 

transactions related to tasks such as performance 

management, leave application and reimbursement 

of claims through one central system.

As part of the orientation programme for Great 

Eastern General Insurance Indonesia (GEGI) staff, 

a 3i Introduction programme was conducted to 

share with them the Great Eastern vision, mission 

and core values.

In Brunei, staff and members of the agency force 

marked Great Eastern’s 111th anniversary with a mini-

carnival organised for the beneficiaries of Pusat Ehsan 

Al-Ameerah Al-Hajjah Maryam, a local charity that 

provides education, rehabilitation and employment 

opportunities for individuals with special needs.






GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

44

CORPORATE

SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Great Eastern prides itself as an active and responsible 

corporate citizen that supports a variety of meaningful 

social and charitable causes. We strive to make a 

positive and lasting impact to the diverse communities 

we operate in. 

Through these activities, we fulfill our sustainability 

objectives of championing healthy living, making 

insurance inclusive and accessible and encouraging 

volunteerism among corporate staff and financial 

representatives. 

LIVE GREAT

Singapore

In line with our strong support for health and 

wellness, we hosted the 14th edition of our marquee 

sponsorship of the Great Eastern Women’s Run in 

Singapore, which attracted some 13,000 participants. 

We also organised the first Great Eastern Women’s 

Individual Physical Proficiency Test (IPPT) to help 

women assess their fitness levels, set achievable 

fitness goals and encouraged them to track their 

future progress. We also set a record for the ‘Most 

Number of Women Doing the IPPT’ in the Singapore 

Book of Records.

The run raised a total of S$50,240 through registrations 

and corporate donations, which were donated to the 

Breast Cancer Foundation and the Women’s Health 

Research and Education Fund under SingHealth 

Duke-NUS Obstetrics &amp; Gynaecology Academic 

Clinical Programme.

We were the venue sponsor for the Hospice Care 

Singapore’s Dandelion Ride event where our 

corporate headquarters - Great Eastern Centre at 

1 Pickering Street - was the start and end point 

for over 100 cycling enthusiasts as they cycled a 

30km route across the island to raise funds for the 

terminally ill. 

Great Eastern believes in giving back to the 

community. Our blood donation drive in partnership 

with Singapore Red Cross yielded 88 units of blood 

and was held at our latest customer service centre 

and agency office at Paya Lebar Quarter.

Malaysia

In Malaysia, the eighth year of the Great Eastern 

LIVE GREAT Run saw record numbers of runners 

in 5km and 12km races. The Great Eastern Viper 

Challenge which pitted competitors in a 12-station 

obstacle course over 6km, attracted over 52,000 

fitness enthusiasts. 

We organised a series of four Health and Wellness 

Workshops covering futsal, dodgeball and badminton 

for underprivileged children, who were coached and 

mentored by professional sportsmen and experienced 

instructors. Besides promoting healthy living, the 

focus on sports also helped the children build 

confidence and promote character development. 

We made a cash donation to support the Cancer 

Society of Malaysia’s outreach efforts to raise public 

awareness of the disease.

To raise the standards of living for residents of Kg 

Orang Asli Sg Gabong, we contributed RM110,000 

for various programmes, including the installation 

of solar panels and water filtration systems at the 

homes.

Indonesia

To mark GELI’s 23rd anniversary, we conducted a 

blood donation drive at the HQ office in Jakarta, 

attracting 60 staff. 




45

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019

Our three other blood donation drives at the GEGI 

branches in Makassar, Surabaya and Semarang 

attracted more than 250 donors and consisted of 

staff, financial representatives, customers as well 

as the general public.

HELPING THE DISADVANTAGED 

Singapore

To spread some festive cheer over Christmas, 

we hosted elderly beneficiaries from the AWWA 

Community Home for Senior Citizens for a day of 

fun with our staff volunteers and their children. They 

were also treated to a carolling performance put up 

by staff from OCBC Bank, Great Eastern, Bank of 

Singapore and Lion Global Investors. 

The Chinese New Year Prosperity Draw remained 

a popular hit with our staff, with S$40,350 raised 

through ticket sales and all proceeds going to the 

Straits Times School Pocket Money Fund. 

Our financial representatives raised S$54,000 for 

MINDS Fernvale Gardens School for children with 

special needs and the AWWA Community Home 

for Senior Citizens – the two beneficiaries for our 

ChildrenCare Door-to-Door Donation Programmme 

in support of The Community Chest.

Malaysia

We hosted a paper-cutting workshop for 100 

underprivileged children from BRDB Rotary 

Children’s Residence, Yayasan Sunbeams and 

Praise Emmanuel Children’s Home, as part of our 

ChildrenCare programme. These children had 

the opportunity to discover their creative skills 

in making lanterns. We also organised a cookie-

baking workshop for 40 underprivileged children, 

aged 10 to 17 years, from Rumah Amal Cahaya 

Tengku Ampuan Rahimah and Pusat Jagaan Nuri 

in conjunction with the Hari Raya celebrations.  

As part of Deepavali and Christmas celebrations, 

we distributed school items supplies and dinner 

packs to 45 underprivileged children from various 

homes such as Pusat Jagaan Rumah Kanak-kanak 

Triniti, Assunta Children Society and Sasthi Blessings 

Shelter Home. 








GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

46

We partnered with Hospis Malaysia to raise funds 

for medical supplies to aid patients in palliative care. 

Fund raising activities were carried out nationwide 

as collections from staff and a cash donation by 

the company were channelled to meet their needs.

We visited a home for the elderly – Pertubuhan 

Kebajikan Orang Tua Cacat Dan Kurang Upaya Taman 

Connaught where our staff volunteers repainted 

the home and interacted with the elderly residents 

following a sumptuous lunch. Donations in the form 

of cash and daily necessities were also made to 

the Home.

During the fasting month, we organised a breaking-

of-fast dinner for 80 school children, their families and 

teachers, through funds raised from the sale of food 

packets sold to Great Eastern Malaysia employees.

We also collected pre-loved children clothes and 

purchased Hari Raya cookies that were then 

distributed to needy Muslim families in Kg Orang 

Asli Sungai Gabong,  Bentong Pahang. 

To minimise the protection gap, since April, we 

conducted a nationwide mySalam awareness 

campaign in over 100 locations and reached out 

to various groups of Malaysians who may not be 

informed of the benefits of the product. mySalam is 

a free national takaful protection plan provided for 

lower-income Malaysians.

Indonesia

We hosted a break-fast dinner for orphans from Panti 

Asuhan Tebet and distributed school supplies and 

daily necessities to the orphanage, as well as made 

a Ramadhan donation of Rp12,000,000.

To improve the quality of life of beneficiaries under 

its Great Eastern Indonesia Charity Programme, we 

adopted Elsafan Foundation, a special school for 

45 visually-impaired children and teenagers, some 

of whom have multiple disabilities. Through funds 

raised by staff and contributions from business 

partners, we sponsored the costs of repair and 

renovation works for facilities such as the kitchen, 

toilets, braille printing room, dry food storage areas 

and the boys’ dormitory.

We partnered PUSPADI Bali, or the Disability 

Empowerment Centre Indonesia Bali, a charity 

providing rehabilitation, education and advocacy 

programmes for people with disabilities, by providing 

motor insurance protection over five years for a 

specially modified bus that transports disabled and 

special needs children living in Bali. 

Brunei

As part of Great Eastern’s 111th anniversary 

celebrations, our staff and members of the agency 

force hosted a mini-carnival for the beneficiaries 

of Pusat Ehsan Al-Ameerah Al-Hajjah Maryam, a 

local charity that provides education, rehabilitation 

and employment opportunities for individuals with 

special needs. 

EMPOWERING THROUGH EDUCATION

Malaysia 

We organised “Let’s Score A” – a two-day educational 

workshop that taught underprivileged children 

exam tips and techniques and provided them with 

study materials to prepare and excel for their public 

examinations. This was in collaboration with Jabatan 

Kebajikan Malaysia (JKM) or the Social Welfare 

Department. 

As part of the Program Aspirasi Gemilang ‘A’, the 

children who scored an “A” grade in their public 

examinations received an incentive of RM100. A 

total of 29 children received these cash awards. 

CORPORATE

SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY




47

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019

This year also saw ten scholars awarded the 

Great Eastern Supremacy Scholarship to pursue 

undergraduate studies at local Malaysia universities. 

Since its establishment in 1998, we have given out 

180 scholarships. 

We participated in a joint CSR programme with local 

equipment finance company Pac Lease to support the 

education needs of underprivileged children. Besides 

cash contribution, furniture and school stationary 

were donated to the two adopted schools - Sekolah 

Pinapak and Kindergarten Dowokon. 

Our staff embarked on a series of CSR activities to 

help the community in Kg Orang Asli Sungai Gabong 

elevate their living standards. Great Eastern Malaysia 

staff and members of the public donated old books 

to set up a children’s library. We also organised a 

storytelling competition for the children in the city 

to improve their language proficiency and raise their 

self-confidence.

A skills training workshop was organised for the 

women to learn embroidery as a means to earn 

extra income, where we provided the skills training 

and raw materials.

Our staff volunteers also embarked on a community 

farming project. A total of 20 families were involved 

and they were taught the latest farming methods to 

grow crops and to reinvest their profits to grow more 

crops for future harvests.

Indonesia

We participated in an educational seminar on the 

role of insurance which was attended by more than 

100 students from Universitas Islam Negeri Sunan 

Ampel Surabaya (UINSA). This was held in support 

of the Indonesian Financial Services Authority OJK’s 

annual Financial Inclusion Month, which aimed to 

raise awareness of financial literacy among the 

millennials. 

To encourage more underprivileged children to read 

English, we collaborated with the British School 

Jakarta to donate old English library books.

SUPPORTING THE ENVIRONMENT

Indonesia 

To commemorate World Tree Day, our staff and Bank 

OCBC NISP came together to clean up the Ciliwung 

River located in Jakarta. About 100 participants 

comprising management, corporate staff and other 

volunteers cleared the rubbish, planted trees and 

took part in an ecobrick workshop where they learnt 

to create reusable building blocks using plastic 

bottles and waste. We also made a donation of 

Rp10,000,000 towards the cleaning efforts.








GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

48

YEAR IN REVIEW 

(HIGHLIGHTS)

JANUARY  

•  GELS hosted the Great Kick Off event at Suntec 

City, attracting over 2,000 financial representatives

•  GELM hosted its National Head Start event at 

the Arena of Stars, Genting Highlands with 5000 

representatives

• GETB launched Supreme-i for OCBC Al-Amin, 

a limited-pay universal takaful product under its 

partnership distribution channel

• GETB was appointed by the Government of Malaysia 

to administer mySalam, a free national protection 

scheme for 4.3 million Malaysians in need

•  GELI supported blood donation activities at  

Jakarta by distributing healthy snacks to all blood 

donors

•  GELI launched Great Health Cover, as a rider for 

Great Optima Link

FEBRUARY  

•  GELM organised a paper-cutting workshop for 100 

underprivileged children and made a donation to 

various social welfare homes

•  GELI launched Great Flexi Protector, a personal 

accident product combined with critical illness, 

viral infection and hospital cash plan and sold 

through telemarketing 

•  GEGI conducted its Agency Kickoff Roadshow  

to all branches outside Jakarta such as Surabaya, 

Medan, Semarang, Makassar, Samarinda, Bali 

and Batam 

MARCH  

•  GELS notched up a score of 75.0, the highest in the 

Life Insurance sub-sector, in the latest Customer 

Satisfaction Index of Singapore 2018, organised 

by the Institute of Service Excellence (ISE) at the 

Singapore Management University

•  GELS partnered Samsung for modular insurance 

products GREAT Smart Cover and GREAT Smart 

Home sold directly via Samsung Pay

•  GELS entered into partnership with WeChat, China’s 

popular messaging app

•  GELS’ Great Eastern Financial Advisers (GEFA) 

launched GEFA Studios 

•  GELS launched hospitalisation plans GREAT 

TotalCare and GREAT TotalCare Plus

•  GELM is the proud partner of Asia’s Got Talent 

(Season 3) and organised the #RoadtoGreatness 

event

• GELM organised its annual Great Eastern Viper 

Challenge at the Penang Second Bridge, one of 

the four venues which included Port Dickson, 

Bukit Jalil and Sepang International Circuit. As the 

world’s first obstacle event on a bridge, it attracted 

12,000 participants.

• GETB launched i-Great Harapan Plus, an extension 

of the ever-popular family takaful term plan of i-Gr8 

Harapan which was launched last year.

• GETB launched i-Great Critical Care and i-Great 

Medi Care, the first medical and critical illness plan 

under its direct distribution channel

• GETB launched its Group SME Package to cater 

to small businesses under its corporate takaful 

business channel 

•  GELI opened The Great Hub, its new office concept 

in Jakarta, focused on developing digital products

•  GELI conducted its Live Great Programme with 

Bank OCBC NISP employees in Surabaya 

•  GELI held a 5km Fun Run with the RGO running 

community in Malang, East Java. 

•  GEGM held a business banking convention 

with OCBC Bank to share plans to grow the 

bancassurance business in Malaysia.




49

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019

APRIL  

•  GELS launched two investment-linked plans, 

GREAT Life Advantage and GREAT Wealth 

Advantage

•  GELS partnered CaregiverAsia to offer freelance 

caregivers the GREATcare Personal Accident, a 

personal accident insurance plan

•  GELM organised the second edition of the National 

Secondary School Actuarial Camp to give students 

insights into the actuarial field

•  GETB staff brought cheer to 400 residents of the 

Kg Orang Asli Sg Gabong by presenting solar 

panels and books for children 

•  GELI conducted a Live Great Programme with 

Bank OCBC NISP employees in Jakarta on the 

topic of the Art of Balancing All (Family, Work &amp; 

Myself)

•  GELI partnered Bank OCBC NISP to host the 

Premium Music Experience in Bandung featuring 

Kahitna, a famous local band

MAY 

•  GELS launched GREAT Family Care where three 

generations can be protected against critical 

illnesses through a single policy

•  GELS’ GEFA hosted an all-ladies wealth seminar to 

empower women to take charge of their financial 

and physical lives

•  GELM awarded RM5,900.00 to 29 underprivileged 

children under the Jabatan Kebajikan Masyarakat 

(JKM) homes as part of its ChildrenCare programme 

- Aspirasi Gemilang ‘A’ 

•  GELI included PT OCBC Sekuritas as its new 

distribution channel for the sale of Super Investlink 

Plan 101, its investment-linked product

•  GELI launched a CareCash microinsurance product 

with RMI as business partner

•  GELI hosted breakfast for orphans from Panti 

Asuhan Tebet and donated IDR12,000,000

•  GEGI completed its acquisition of PT QBE General 

Insurance Indonesia

JUNE

•  GELS launched registration for Great Eastern 

Women’s Run and garnered 1,000 sign-ups on 

the first day

•  GELM organised Sunny Lebaran Baking Workshop 

for 40 underprivileged children in conjunction with 

Hari Raya Aidilfitri

•  GELI conducted a Live Great Programme for staff 

at Bank OCBC NISP Tower on the topic of Clean 

Eating

•  GEGI introduced its new brand to 300 business 

partners and stakeholders to officially mark its 

launch 

JULY

•  GELS established its new agency office and 

customer service centre at Paya Lebar Quarter 

•  GELS launched Prestige Partners, a handpicked 

team of 141 experienced financial representatives 

to serve the mass affluent segment

•  GELM held its Life Planning Advisors (LPA) 2018 

Graduation ceremony, where 234 members 

graduated from the Class of 2018, making a total 

of 3,400 LPA graduates to date

• GETB launched i-Great Aman, an investment-linked 

family takaful plan

•  GELI conducted a Live Great Programme for Bank 

OCBC NISP employees in Medan on the topic of 

“Being Fit and Active for Life”

•  GELI embarked on a strategic partnership with 

Maybank Indonesia to launch two credit life 

products - Great Fixed Protector and Great Life 

Protector




GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

50

YEAR IN REVIEW 

(HIGHLIGHTS)



AUGUST

•  GELS and its regional office in Malaysia marked 

Great Eastern’s 111th anniversary with a host of 

celebratory activities 

•  GELS partnered Sport Singapore’s ActiveSG to 

launch the first in-app digital plan Active Care

•  GELS made “herstory” with Singapore’s first-ever 

Women’s Mass Individual Physical Proficiency 

Test event, and setting a new Singapore Book of 

Records

•  GELS launched Prestige Life Rewards 3, a new 

wealth accumulation plan

•  GELS partnered healthtech company Doctor 

Anywhere for integrated telemedicine services to 

bolster healthcare coverage and convenience for 

its group insurance customers

•  GELM hosted the eighth edition of its LIVE GREAT 

Run event and saw a strong turnout of over 14,000 

participants

•  GELM hosted a dodgeball workshop for 80 

underprivileged children as part of its ChildrenCare 

Health and Wellness programme 

•  GELM conducted a two-day interactive Let’s 

Score ‘A’ Workshop (UPSR) for 39 underprivileged 

children under JKM

• GETB organised a storytelling competition for the 

children of Kg Orang Asli Sg Gabong

•  GELI launched Great Treasure Assurance,  

a single premium whole life policy for estate 

planning

•  GELI signed a cooperation agreement with 

Mayapada Healthcare to offer improved health 

services for its customers

•  GELI launched Great Medical Assurance and Great 

Medical Care, two policies to meet customers’ 

medical needs at affordable prices 

•  GELI celebrated its 23rd anniversary with  the 

launch of its #HidupHarusGini campaign to engage 

its customers, employees and business partners

•  GEGI held a seminar for students from Universitas 

Islam Negeri Sunan Ampel Surabaya (UINSA) to 

raise awareness of insurance as part of financial 

planning 

SEPTEMBER

•  GELS worked with Singtel Dash to introduce a 

travel protection plan GREAT Getaway Cover

•  GELS organised its inaugural blood donation drive 

at its Paya Lebar Quarter office for staff, financial 

representatives, customers as well as the public

•  GELS hosted the Community PVP Esports event, 

in partnership with Singtel 

•  GELM held the Let’s Score ‘A’ Workshop (PT3) 

for 65 underprivileged children under JKM to help 

them excel in the national examinations

•  GETB goes digital with the launch of its e-certificate 

platform

• GETB launched Harapan Trio – i-Great Harapan 

Plus, i-Great MediHarapan and i-Great HarapanCI10 

– which covers individual, medical and critical 

illnesses

• GETB launched Legacy-i for OCBC Al-Amin, 

a limited-pay universal takaful plan under its 

partnership distribution channel

•  GEGI celebrated its 25th anniversary with activities 

to thank customers, employees and the community 

for their support

OCTOBER

•  GELS held its Final Sprint event “The Greatest 

Mission” for its financial representatives

•  GELS launched personal accident insurance 

plans GREAT Golden Protector and GREAT Junior 

Protector

•  GELM hosted its Annual Appreciation Awards 2019 

for staff with between 5 to 40 years’ experience  

•  GELM organised a breast cancer awareness 

campaign where its staff pledged support for the 

Breast Cancer Foundation

•  GELM conducted its Let’s Score ‘A’ Workshop 

(SPM) for underprivileged children under JKM, 

sharing with them tips and techniques to excel in 

school examinations


51

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019



• GETB launched a community farming project in 

Kg Orang Asli Sg Gabong, Pahang

•  GELI launched the Great Term Cover as a rider 

option for Great Optima Link

•  GELI partnered with Bisnis.com to conduct financial 

literacy for local entrepreneurs

•  GELI supported Bank OCBC NISP’s  #TAYTB Fest

•  GELI conducted a talk show on Healthy Workplace in 

collaboration with partners such as  with Mayapada 

Hospital, YesDok and Bank OCBC NISP

•  GELI and GEGI took part in OJK’s annual “Financial 

Inclusion Month” event, to raise awareness on 

insurance among millennials  

•  GEGI conducted a series of blood donation drives 

at its branches, and donors included its agents, 

brokers and nearby communities

NOVEMBER

•  GELS hosted the 14th edition of the Great Eastern 

Women’s Run, attracting 13,000 runners

•  GELS welcomed the graduation of 168 agency 

leaders from the Agency Management Training 

Course (AMTC) and achieving Institute of Banking 

&amp; Finance (IBF) standards Level 3 accreditation

•  GELM organised Health and Wellness Badminton 

Workshops for 100 underprivileged children from six 

NGO homes as part of its ChildrenCare programme 

•  GELM hosted Deepavali celebrations and distributed 

festive dinner packs, gifts and gift vouchers to six 

homes registered under JKM

• GETB launched i-Great Wawasan, an investment-

linked family takaful plan with short payment term 

and high coverage

•  GELI partnered with Bank OCBC NISP on a CSR 

environmental project to clean the Ciliwung river 

and plant trees 

•  GELI launched its CARECash and Lucky 8 Promo 

for hypermarket customers, where they stood a 

chance to win free miles with Garuda Indonesia

•  GELI conducted a talkshow for its Group Insurance 

customers in Jakarta on the topic of “Leading with 

Compassion” 

•  GEGI raised funds to pay for renovation works at the 

Elsafan Foundation which supports blind children 

and teenagers with multiple disabilities 

•  GEGI’s official website went live with updated product 

details, application forms and claim procedures for 

easy access by customers 



DECEMBER

•  Great Eastern and Axiata Digital Capital inked a 

collaboration to offer affordable insurance products 

to customers in Malaysia and Indonesia 

•  GELS hosted a Kids@Work event for the staff children 

and invited 40 residents from the AWWA Community 

Home for Senior Citizens to join in the Christmas 

festivities

•  GELS partnered CaregiverAsia to launch Extraordinary 

Care Program which offers insurance coverage and 

payout for therapy and care services for children with 

special needs 

•  GELS launched GREAT Cancer Care

•  GELM hosted the final Health and Wellness programme, 

focusing on futsal for 100 underprivileged children

• GETB celebrated its 9th anniversary and bid farewell 

to retiring Board chairman Datuk Kamaruddin Taib

•  GEGI hosted a year-end dinner to show appreciation 

for its staff following its recent acquisition by  

Great Eastern 


GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

52

AWARDS &amp;  

ACCOLADES

SINGAPORE

Most Transparent Company 

Award – Winner (Finance 

Category)

20th Investors Choice Awards, 

Securities Investors Association 

Singapore 

Ranked 6th in Top 100 Singapore 

Brands for 2019 

Brand Finance 

Team of the Year Award (Life 

Insurance) – Digital for Business 

Singapore Business Review 

Management Excellence Awards 

2019

Best Companies to work for in 

Asia 2019 (Singapore)

HR Asia

1 Star, 10 Gold and 36 Silver 

awards 

Excellent Service Award (EXSA) 

Ceremony 2019

Best Contact Centre Manager of 

the Year – Silver 

19th CCAS International Contact 

Centre Awards 2019

Most innovative Use of Mobile 

(Silver) – GETGREAT and 

UPGREAT

Best App – Financial Services 

(Bronze) – GETGREAT and 

UPGREAT

Best App – Customer Engagement 

(Bronze) – GETGREAT and 

UPGREAT

Mob-Ex Awards by Marketing 

Magazine

Top 100 Asia’s Best Employer 

Brands 2019

Employer Branding Awards

Business HR Awards (Purpose-

Driven)

Leading HR Practices (Employee 

Engagement, Alignment and 

Workplace Harmony) – Special 

Mention

The Singapore HR Awards 2019

Best Regional Loyalty Campaign 

(Silver) – LIVE GREAT, GETGREAT 

and UPGREAT

Best Loyalty Programme (Bronze) 

- LIVE GREAT, GETGREAT and 

UPGREAT

Marketing Magazine’s Loyalty &amp; 

Engagement Awards 2019

Digital Award - Great Digital 

Advantage  

Mobile Award - Life Insurance – 

GETGREAT and UPGREAT

Singapore Business Review 

Technology Excellence Awards 2019

Best Employer in Singapore 2019

Kincentric Best Employers Program

MALAYSIA 

Excellence in Retention Strategy 

(Silver)

Human Resources HR Excellence 

Awards 2019

Best Takaful Product

i-Great Harapan (also known as 

i-Gr8 Harapan)

International Finance Awards 2019

 

Best Insurance Initiative of the Year

i-Great Harapan (also known as 

i-Gr8 Harapan)

Insurance Asia Awards 2019

Trusted Brand Award (Gold – Life 

insurance and Health insurance 

categories)

Reader’s Digest Trusted Brands 

2019

Nation Branding Award

The BrandLaureate Best Brands 

Awards 2018-19

The BrandLaurate Greatest 

ICONIC Brand of the Decade 

Award

The BrandLaureate Brand ICON 

Leadership Awards 2019

Top Brand in Banking, Investment 

and Insurance category

2019 Putra Brand Awards 

Best Corporate Social 

Responsibility Initiative 

International Finance Awards 2019

LOMA Excellence in Education 

2018 Award

Life Office Management Association 

(LOMA) 

Young Takaful Manager Award

Top Agent Award

Special Award: Race for Cover for 

i-Great Damai 2.0

Direct Distribution Channel Award 

(Institution category)

Malaysian Takaful Association 

Starnite Awards 2019

Best Candidate Experience by a 

Corporate HR team (Silver)

Human Resources Asia Recruitment 

Awards 2019 Malaysia

Best Companies to Work For in 

Asia 2019 (Malaysia edition)

HR Asia Awards 2019

Best Employer Brand (Insurance 

Category)

Graduates’ Choice Awards


53

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019

INDONESIA 

Platinum Rating 

Indonesia Corporate Secretary &amp; 

Corporate Communication Award 

2019, Economic Review

Gold Rating 

Indonesia Corporate Social 

Responsibility Award 2019, 

Economic Review

Gold Rating 

Indonesia Sales &amp; Marketing Award 

2019, Economic Review

Best Product Innovation

Indonesia Insurance Innovation 

Award 2019, Gatra Magazine

Best Innovation on Life Insurance 

Indonesia Innovation Award 2019, 

Biskom &amp; APTIKNAS

The Big 3 - The Best Human 

Capital for Life Insurance 

Company 

Indonesia Human Capital Award V 

2019, Economic Review

The Big 5 - The Best in Finance 

for Life Insurance Company 

Indonesia Financial Award 2019, 

Economic Review

3-Stars rating

Top Governance, Risk &amp; 

Compliance Award 2019, Top 

Business Magazine

Top Life Insurance 2019 Category 

Asset Rp 3-5 Trillion 

Top Insurance Award 2019, Top 

Business Magazine

Top CEO Life Insurance 2019 

Top Insurance Award 2019, Top 

Business Magazine

2nd Rank Bancassurance Top 

Agent Award – Siwi Sugiharti

Top Agent Award 2019, Indonesia 

Life Insurance Association (AAJI)

Significant Progress &amp; Stellar 

Investment Performance in 

Indonesia for Life Insurance

Indonesia Investment Award 2019, 

MarkPlus

The Best In Experiential Marketing 

Marketing Award 2019, Marketing 

Magazine

The Best Market Driving Company 

Marketing Award 2019, Marketing 

Magazine

Top 3 Financial Performances for 

Insurance Company with Assets 

between Rp 2-5 Trillion 

Indonesia Best Insurance Award 

2019, Warta Ekonomi

Best IT,  Data Tech &amp; AI 

Governance 2019 

DataGovAI Awards 2019, Asosiasi 

Big Data Indonesia

Channel Branding of The Year

Marketeers Editor’s Choice Award 

2019, MarkPlus

Brand Awareness Category - 

Millenial’s Admirable Brand in Life 

Insurance (&lt; Rp 10 Trillion)

Financial Award 2019 – Millenials 

Choice, RRI &amp; Iconomics Research 

&amp; Consulting

Most Admired CEO 2019 - 

Clement Lien Cheong Kiat, CEO 

PT Great Eastern Life Indonesia 

Most Admired CEO Award 2019, 

Warta Ekonomi










GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

54





SUSTAINABILITY

REPORT


55

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019





BOARD  

STATEMENT

At Great Eastern, we make life great by providing financial 

security, and promoting good health and meaningful 

relationships. We are committed to be a responsible and 

sustainable business, bringing sustainable long-term 

value to our stakeholders and the communities in which 

we operate by incorporating environmental, social and 

governance considerations into our business decisions. 

The way we conduct our business is guided by our core 

values of integrity, initiative and involvement, supported by 

transparent disclosure.  In 2019, our efforts in transparent 

disclosure were recognised when we won the Investors’ 

Choice Award – Most Transparent Company Award under 

the ‘Financials’ category by the Securities Investors 

Association (Singapore). 

We have been a signatory to the United Nations Principles 

for Sustainable Insurance (UN PSI) since 2018, adopting the 

principles of building an enterprise that is environmentally 

conscious, socially responsible and ethical.  To that end, 

we will continue to focus to refine and expand on the ESG 

factors relevant to us, doing our part to make a difference. 

In 2019, we added environment as an additional ESG factor. 

In addition, Lion Global Investors, our subsidiary and key 

external asset manager, became a signatory to the United 

Nations Principles for Responsible Investment (UN PRI) in 

January 2020. 

We now have clearly established principles to guide our 

sustainability efforts, and our journey has begun. This is 

the third Sustainability Report of our group, and we are 

pleased with our progress. As we continue our journey, 

we will continue to enhance our internal governance 

frameworks and practices, and ensure that environmental 

and social considerations are incorporated in our decision-

making process in a balanced and holistic manner. We 

are currently undergoing a management review on Great 

Eastern’s sustainability strategies, where our targets will 

be reviewed and reassessed. We look forward to sharing 

further progress in our sustainability journey in 2020.

 

ABOUT THE REPORT

Great Eastern Group is pleased to present our 

sustainability report, which covers the Environmental, 

Social and Governance (ESG) aspects of the Group 

for 2019.

REPORTING SCOPE

We adopt a progressive approach towards reporting, 

and will continue to enhance our disclosures over 

time. Unless otherwise indicated, this report covers 

all businesses and operations of our Group.

REPORTING FRAMEWORK

The report has been prepared in accordance with the 

Global Reporting Initiatives (GRI) Standards: Core 

Option. The GRI Standards are an internationally 

recognised reporting framework that cover a 

comprehensive range of sustainability disclosures. 

This report is also aligned with the requirements 

stipulated in the Sustainability Reporting guidelines 

of the Singapore Exchange.

56

58

60

61

66

68

OUR SUSTAINABILITY

APPROACH

COMMUNITIES 

OUR

PEOPLE

RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS

PRACTICES

PERFORMANCE 

INDICATORS

GRI STANDARDS

CONTENT INDEX

Contents





KOH BENG SENG  

KHOR HOCK SENG

Chairman  

Group Chief Executive Officer

28 February 2020


GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

56

OUR SUSTAINABILITY

APPROACH

A SUSTAINABLE GREAT EASTERN

Sustainability Pillars, Material ESG Issues and United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs)

We want to focus on the issues that matter, and prioritise our efforts in areas in which we can make the most significant 

impact on sustainability.  With that in mind, we have refined our sustainability approach this year.  Great Eastern’s 

Sustainability agenda is now organized under 3 Sustainability Pillars. Our efforts under each Pillar include action plans 

that specifically address the relevant material ESG issues, and are aligned with the relevant UN SDGs¹, as summarised 

in the following table: 

Sustainability 

Pillars

Sustainability Objectives

Material ESG Issue Impact

SDGs

1.  Communities

• Promote healthy living and wellness

• Make insurance inclusive and 

accessible

• Encourage our people in volunteerism

• Financial 

Inclusion

Customers, 

Communities

 

• Corporate Social 

Responsibility

Communities

2. Our People

• Ensure health and safety at work

• Promote work-life harmony

• Promote continuous learning

• Our People

Employees 

and Financial 

Representatives

3.  Responsible 

Business 

Practices

• Create sustainable economic value for 

our stakeholders

• Ensure highest standards of business 

practices to ensure our continued 

existence and contribution to society. 

• Preserve a healthy and sustainable 

planet for the next generation.

• Fair Dealing

• Customer 

Experience

• Strong 

Governance

• Cyber Security, 

Customer 

Privacy &amp; 

Combating 

Financial Crime

• Environment²

• Economic 

Contributions

• Responsible 

Investment

All Stakeholders

 

















1 

The SDGs are core elements of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development that address a broad range of sustainability issues including 

decent work and economic growth, eradicating poverty, reducing inequality, strengthening governance in institutions, as well as tackling 

climate change.

2 

Environment and Climate Change are key concerns in the regions we operate in, and the Board has added the Environment to the list of 

material ESG factors for GEH.  


57

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019





SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE

Together with the management, the Board ensures that Great 

Eastern delivers on our ESG commitment. A Sustainability 

Steering Committee (SSC) has been formed to oversee the 

company’s sustainability efforts. This committee comprises of senior 

management from across the Group, chaired by the Group CEO. 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

Great Eastern’s key stakeholders include entities and individuals 

affected by our business and have an impact on our future 

performance and operating environment. These include our 

shareholders, customers, employees, financial representatives, 

regulators, and the communities in which we operate.  We engage 

our stakeholders via various means on a regular basis.¹

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

In creating sustainable value for our stakeholders, we consider 

the economic, social and environmental impacts of our business. 

At the start of our sustainability journey in 2017, we identified  

9 material ESG factors of importance to Great Eastern². This year, 

the Board added the Environment as a 10th material ESG issue 

due to its increasing important impact to all stakeholders.

 1 For details of our stakeholder engagement, please refer to our 2018 Sustainability Report.

 2 For details of our materiality assessment, please refer to our 2017 Sustainability Report.




GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

58

COMMUNITIES

The prosperity and well-being of the communities in 

which we operate impact the company’s sustainability 

as a business.



FINANCIAL INCLUSION 

Great Eastern believes that insurance serves an 

important social purpose of mitigating uncertainties, 

and aims to support financial inclusion in the 

community by making insurance accessible to the 

larger community. 

Consistent with our desire to create stronger positive 

impacts for the community, we regularly review 

and evaluate the relevance and effectiveness of 

our product offerings. We also refine and enhance 

existing offerings by introducing new and innovative 

products across all our business lines – Life, General 

and Group insurance – to meet the insurance needs 

of the community.

Great Eastern also collaborates with government in 

schemes and initiatives to provide basic insurance 

products at affordable premium costs in countries 

in which we operate. 

Singapore 

We offer a wide range of insurance products to 

provide life, disability, health and long-term care 

coverage for the communities. We are also one of 

two insurers to support all government insurance 

schemes and initiatives. 

In 2020, the Ministry of Health plans to enhance 

ElderShield to become CareShield Life that will 

provide universal coverage to all Singapore residents 

aged 30 and above. The enhanced benefits under 

CareShield Life include higher payouts that increase 

over time and lifetime payouts if the claimant is 

severely disabled. 

We are committed to providing additional coverage 

over and above CareShield Life when it is launched, 

and are in the midst of reviewing our existing 

ElderShield Supplementary Plan benefits to ensure 

that they remain complementary to benefits under 

CareShield Life.

Malaysia

Great Eastern supported the Perlindungan Tenang 

initiative of Bank Negara Malaysia to provide 

accessible and easy-to-understand insurance 

protection to the population.

We designed protection products for the 

disadvantaged and underserved segments through 

our Group Multiple Benefits Insurance Scheme 

(GMBIS) &amp; Easy Care Plus. With affordable premium 

and comprehensive benefits, these products are 

offered to the underserved communities such as 

plantation workers, government staff in rural areas, 

factory workers and hotel workers.

 

GMBIS Investment Linked Plan is a voluntary group 

insurance plan with comprehensive protection 

against loss of life, total permanent disability (TPD), 

accident and 36 critical illnesses. It allows members 

to withdraw units should the need for cash arise. 

Upon maturity, members are entitled to the policy’s 

cash value. There are also on-going initiatives and 

roadshows to increase insurance awareness and 

coverage among the B40 (bottom 40 percentile) 

income group.

Easy Care Plus provides protection for a defined 

period, usually when one has high insurance needs 

but low budget. The plan offers protection against 

loss of life and TPD with low premiums of RM10 

per month. In the event of death or TPD, the Sum 

Assured will be payable in one lump sum. For death 

due to accidents, an additional amount of 100% of 

the Sum Assured will be payable.

On the takaful front, we have launched i-Great 

Harapan Plus, a first-of-its-kind guaranteed issued 

product that promotes inclusivity by allowing all to 

get coverage regardless of medical background.


59

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019



Indonesia 

Great Health Cover was launched in early 2019 as 

a rider to Great Optima Link. With its affordable 

premium and comprehensive coverage, Great 

Health Cover aims to be a good solution to meet 

the protection and investment needs of Indonesians. 

To increase insurance penetration in the country, 

we launched the Great Medical Assurance and 

Great Medical Cover to provide health protection 

for the youth market segment. These products 

complement the Badan Penyelenggara Jaminan 

Sosial (BPJS) Kesehatan (government-sponsored 

health insurance scheme). In 2019, we also launched 

the Great Treasure Assurance for wealth protection 

and estate planning.

In support of the government’s push for financial 

literacy and inclusion, a series of corporate social 

responsibility campaigns with the theme of LIVE 

GREAT was conducted throughout the year in the 

form of workshops and seminars for targeted groups. 

Topics covered included financial health checks and 

financial planning. In 2019, the group targeted were 

entrepreneurs and communities. 

We will continue to promote financial literacy and 

insurance inclusion in 2020 by reaching out to a 

wider community through our strategic partners 

such as OCBC NISP, Yes Dok, Kalbe Farma &amp; Bisnis 

Indonesia. 

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 

Complementing our sustainability efforts, our 

Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) practices 

are anchored on four themes: Promoting Healthy 

Living and Wellness through Sports, Helping the 

Needy, Empowerment through Education and 

Supporting the Environment. Please refer to pages 

44-47 of our Annual Report for more details on our 

CSR initiatives in 2019

In response to the COVID-19 virus outbreak in 

early 2020, we set up a S$1 million holistic support 

package in Singapore to help our customers and 

immediate family members in the event that they 

are infected by the virus, and pledged another  

RM1 million and B$50,000 for the same in Malaysia 

and Brunei. In addition, we contributed S$200,000 

in Singapore to provide financial assistance to 

vulnerable communities through the Courage Fund, 

facilitated by the National Council of Social Service 

(NCSS) &amp; Community Chest. 

We will continue to give back to the communities 

through a series of Great Eastern Cares CSR activities 

throughout the year.




GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

60

OUR

PEOPLE

We are committed to create the organisation 

and environment for our employees and financial 

representatives to discover and develop their potential 

to the fullest.



OUR EMPLOYEES

Our employees are pivotal to our success. An 

important part of our human capital strategies 

involves the recruitment and development of our 

people, not only for our businesses, but ultimately 

also for the industries and for the countries in which 

we operate. Specifically, we focus on Career and 

Development, Employee Engagement, as well as 

Health and Well-Being. 

Career and Development 

We invest in our people by providing relevant personal 

or professional training needed for them to perform 

and advance in their careers. All employees receive 

regular performance and career development reviews. 

Furthermore, we have a Great Eastern Career 

Framework, which has been rolled out across the 

Group, which allows employees to better understand 

and plan their career paths within the company.

We believe in training our employees both in job 

specific skills as well as in general knowledge and 

skills that are useful across different job disciplines. As 

an important industry player, we believe the training 

we provide will benefit not only our businesses but 

also the industry and communities at large.

We are proud to have been recognised as a Human 

Capital Partner (HCP) by the Tripartite Alliance for 

Fair &amp; Progressive Employment Practices’ (TAFEP). 

This is in recognition of our fair and progressive 

workplace practices across both local and foreign 

employees. The HCP programme brings together 

the community of employers who are committed 

to developing their talent core and we fully support 

the cause.

Recognising that the rise of Insurtech can potentially 

bring about changes to traditional job roles in the 

insurance industry, we are taking a pro-active 

approach in workplace transformation by identifying 

the job roles of the future, and preparing our people 

to embrace new skills sets. Great Eastern has also 

collaborated with the Institute of Banking and Finance 

(IBF) and Life Insurance Association in charting out 

the roadmap for the Professional Conversion Program 

(PCP) in the insurance industry.

Employee Engagement

We provide our people with a positive workplace 

culture. During the year, we ramped up initiatives to 

reinforce our corporate culture, built on the shared 

value and responsibility of “Moving Together As One”. 

Health and Well-Being

We put great emphasis on the well-being of our 

employees. We encourage employees to stay 

healthy through a series of in-house health-focused 

workshops and activities throughout the year. Over 

the years, we are pleased to see continuing increase 

in participation rate for these programmes, with over 

80% for both Singapore and Malaysia, and over 

50% for Indonesia.

OUR FINANCIAL REPRESENTATIVES

Our financial representatives are a critical interface 

between Great Eastern and our existing and 

prospective customers, providing valuable advice 

based on comprehensive needs analysis.  They play 

an important role too in increasing financial inclusion, 

by reaching out to the communities and creating 

greater awareness of the needs for insurance and 

financial planning. 

We will be setting up Voltage to help us in recruiting 

financial representatives. Voltage is a information and 

discovery centre where we provide candidates with an 

informative experience of the insurance industry and 

what it means to be a financial representative. The 

experiential recruitment journey is intended to raise 

prospects’ understanding of the roles of financial 

representatives, explain to them the purpose and 

mission for the career, and motivate them towards 

success. Voltage is slated for launch in early Q2 2020.

We continue to provide effective training and 

development to grow our financial representatives 

and to cultivate professionalism in their sales.  We 

continuously innovate new approaches to train and 

develop our financial representatives through various 

platforms, to impart relevant skill sets for them to 

succeed in their career. 


61

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019

Being responsible in everything we do shapes our 

approach towards sustainability and is an integral 

part of our business as well as our corporate culture.



RESPONSIBLE 

BUSINESS PRACTICES

FAIR DEALING

We believe that upholding the best practices and 

the highest standards of Fair Dealing is key to our 

long-term partnership with our customers. We are 

committed to embedding Fair Dealing principles 

in all aspects of our customer relationships. Our 

organisational policies and practices are aligned to 

cultivate a strong Fair Dealing culture.

The Group Fair Dealing Committee oversees Fair 

Dealing issues. Detailed performance metrics in 

Fair Dealing are tracked and reported to the Board 

on a regular basis, and remedial actions are taken 

to address any issues arising from our dealings 

with customers. 

 

CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE

We place customers at the heart of our business 

and are committed to providing a holistic customer 

experience. We want to make a difference for our 

customers by providing meaningful solutions that 

are relevant to their circumstances.



Customer Service Standards

Satisfactory customer services help us to serve 

and deliver insurance products to all segments of 

the communities, and we have in place policies and 

procedures that allow us to provide high standards 

of customer service.

We have a dedicated Customer Advocate Unit to 

ensure that issues and feedback from policyholders 

are addressed professionally and in a timely manner, 

in accordance with the principles of Fair Dealing. 

About 90% of complaints we received were resolved 

within the prescribed internal turn-around time. 

The remaining 10% were typically more complex 

in nature and required more time and engagement 

with affected policyholders to resolve.

In 2019, we enhanced our online platforms to offer 

more direct interaction with customers who prefer 

to engage us digitally.  Our digital engagement 

with customers includes mobile platforms such as 

GetGreat and UpGreat, as well as a suite of mobile 

applications through our Great Digital Advantage 

platform.

 

We are building up our digital capabilities to enhance 

customer experience. These initiatives are described 

in our Annual Report.

STRONG GOVERNANCE 

Firmly guided by our core values of integrity, initiative 

and involvement, we emphasise the importance 

of institutionalising a strong risk culture within the 

Group, a factor crucial to our long-term success, 

and important to our sustainability journey. 

Our governance and risk focused culture permeates 

through all levels within the Group, from the Board 

of Directors, to the management and the frontline. 

A dedicated Board Risk Management Committee 

(RMC) provides oversight on risk management and 

governance matters within the Group. The RMC 

reviews and approves governance frameworks or 

policies based on the appropriate risk assessment. 

Incidents involving fraud are also reported to the 

RMC.


GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

62

At the management level, a Group Culture and 

Conduct Governance Committee is tasked with 

promoting stronger risk ownership and awareness.  

All business units and functional departments are 

required to perform regular self-assessments, with 

the aim of identifying and evaluating key risks 

inherent in the respective business operations, as 

well as ensuring the adequacy and effectiveness of 

internal controls. 

Going forward in 2020, we are working towards 

weaving risk culture principles and behaviours into 

the Human Capital frameworks and processes. 

CYBER SECURITY, CUSTOMER PRIVACY 

AND COMBATING FINANCIAL CRIME

Cyber Security 

We have a comprehensive cyber risk roadmap to 

guide our continuing investments in our people, 

systems and processes to improve our resilience 

to increasing cyber risk.

Increasing the risk awareness of our people in an 

important part of our cyber security defences. We 

reinforce and measure staff awareness and vigilance 

on cyber threats via regular e-mail broadcasting, 

videos, e-learning and social engineering exercises.

Recognising that new threats may come from outside 

our business, we also engage independent experts 

periodically to assess our cyber security and advise 

on measures to mitigate external cyber threats that 

may impact our business.

Customer Privacy

Protecting customer data and respecting customer 

privacy are of paramount importance to Great 

Eastern. When customers entrust us with their 

personal information, it is our responsibility to 

protect their privacy in line with the Personal Data 

Protection Act (PDPA). 

 

To ensure that all customer details are protected, 

we have put in place comprehensive policies and 

initiatives, which will continue to be reviewed and 

updated.

RESPONSIBLE 

BUSINESS PRACTICES

Combating Financial Crime

We have zero tolerance for financial crime. The 

Board of Directors and Senior Management together 

provide strong leadership, oversight and governance 

to ensure that appropriate and relevant anti-financial 

crime policies and initiatives are implemented. 

Anti-financial crime culture is promulgated through 

compulsory e-learning courses for all employees 

conducted regularly to raise the level of awareness 

among staff. Our AML/CFT efforts are supported 

by comprehensive group wide AML/CFT screening 

and transaction surveillance systems to ensure full 

adherence to the relevant regulatory requirements 

on AML/CFT. This helps us identify and stop any 

attempts in money laundering and terrorist financing. 

ENVIRONMENT

As the world becomes more aware of the adverse 

impact the business community collectively has 

on the environment, we are doing our part and 

focusing our efforts in incorporating environment 

considerations into our business. 

The operations at our offices and branches have 

direct impact on the environment, and we are 

exploring ways to minimise our carbon footprint. As 

one of Singapore’s largest insurance companies and 

a good corporate citizen, we want to play a significant 

role in helping to reduce carbon emissions. 

In our effort towards environmental conservation, we 

operate our business with the aim of using natural 

resources rationally, leading to reduced waste and 

emissions. We believe that our efforts will safeguard 

the well-being of future generations, and reduce 

operating costs in the long term. 

Green Buildings

We have started to invest in the right infrastructure 

as part of our response to climate change. Our 

buildings are certified energy efficient based on 

prevailing standards where they are located. We have 

a portfolio of green buildings that provide energy-

efficient facilities to our employees and other tenants.

In Singapore, the Green Eastern Centre and offices in 

Nankin Row have been awarded Green Mark Platinum 

status, which required the properties to undertake 

extensive air-conditioning upgrading exercise.  Existing 


63

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019

lightings were also replaced with LED lighting. That 

resulted in a 20% reduction in energy consumption.  

In addition, various practices and policies on recycling, 

energy and water conservation and use of Green 

Label certified products have started. We target to 

introduce Green Mark certification for all our properties 

in Singapore in due course.

We have two new investment properties in Malaysia 

that are or will be green: the Equatorial Plaza Office, 

which is a Green Building Index (Gold) certified 

building, and 50 Jalan Ampang, which is currently 

under development and is expected to achieve GBI 

Certification.

Energy &amp; Emissions 

We have started to take actions to reduce our carbon 

footprint in support of the global efforts to transition 

to a low-carbon future. Initiatives are implemented 

to reduce our energy consumption and improve 

energy efficiency. 

We focus on the electricity we consume in our 

buildings¹. We track our electricity usage through 

monthly electricity bills. We have yet to track the 

environmental impact of our business travel, but we 

encourage the use of alternatives to face-to-face 

meetings such as video conferencing and online 

collaboration tools.

We have reported on the GHG emissions data (Scope 

1 and Scope 2) requirements as per the GHG Protocol. 

The calculation methodologies are as per ISO 14064-

1 standard and the emission factors used in these 

calculations are taken from IPCC, and GHG protocol. 

In 2019, the amount of Scope 1 emissions are at 

61.17 tCO2e² and the amount of Scope 2 emissions 

are at 15,135.17 tCO2e3.

Several electricity saving initiatives were taken in 

2019, such as the upgrading of our air-conditioning 

systems in Singapore, switching to LED lighting 

in Malaysia, and reducing corridor lightings after 

office hours in Indonesia. In total we were able to 

successfully decrease our electricity consumption 

by 5.22% in 2019.

1 

We do not purchase any steam, heat or cooling.

2 

Tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent.

3 

Emissions exclude Brunei.

Total Energy Usage and Intensity













98,858

0.46

0.45

0.43

 2017 

2018 

2019

97,824

92,721

100,000

98,000

96,000

94,000

92,000

90,000

0.47

0.46

0.45

0.44

0.43

0.42

■  Total energy usage (GJ)                  Energy intensity (GJ/m²) 

Total Emissions and Emission Intensity













16,518

0.077

0.076

0.070

 2017 

2018 

2019

16,281

15,063

17,000

16,000

15,000

14,000

13,000

12,000

0.078

0.076

0.074

0.072

0.070

0.068

■  Total emissions (tCO2)                    Total emissions intensity (tCO2/m²)


GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

64

Water

The direct impact of water consumption in our 

premises is limited, but we believe in contributing 

what we can, and we report this metric is part of our 

sustainability efforts. 

Paper

Our industry is traditionally paper-intensive but we 

are committed towards waste minimization and 

resources efficiency. We are mindful of the need 

to save the trees and have been exploring ways to 

digitalise our operations, as well as to encourage 

use of e-documents for our customers. 

Environmental Compliance

In line with increasing focus on global environmental 

protection, we continue to update our policies and 

procedures to ensure that they meet prevailing on 

regulatory requirements. 

We are pleased that there were no breaches in 

relation to environmental laws in 2019, and we aim 

to remain fully compliant with environmental rules 

and regulations.

ECONOMIC CONTRIBUTIONS 

We believe sustainability practices do not have 

to result in sacrificing economic values to our 

stakeholders, including our shareholders. In the 

course of conducting our business sustainably, we 

will generate economic value for our stakeholders 

in the long term. 

Our group employs more than 30,000 employees 

and financial representatives in total globally.  We 

support the business communities at large wherever 

we operate. We procure from local suppliers as part 

of our support towards long-term development of the 

local economies in all markets in which we operate. 

We also support local job creation through the goods 

and services we buy. Our supply chain includes 

asset managers, consultancy services, legal, real 

estate/facilities maintenance, IT and system and 

other service providers.

Please refer to our Performance Indicators on pages 

66-67 for a detailed breakdown of our economic value 

creation which benefits all stakeholders. Our Letter 

to Shareholders and Financial Statements on pages 

10-15, 95-214 of the Annual Report also highlight 

our achievements in creating economic value.

RESPONSIBLE INVESTMENT 

As the most established insurance group in Singapore 

and Malaysia, and a leader in the industry with SGD 

96.5 billion in total assets under management, we are 

in a unique position to bring about positive changes 

in our industry, environment and community by 

investing our funds in a responsible way that delivers 

long-term sustainable value for all our stakeholders. 

Through the economic power and influence we hold 

as an institutional investor and risk manager, we can 

play an important role in promoting best practices in 

environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters. 

We are committed to responsible investing as we 

believe it is critical towards achieving long-term 

sustainable returns. 

Our approach towards responsible investing is through 

ESG assessment, incorporating environmental, social 

and corporate governance issues into our investment 

analysis and decision making. This approach is more 

holistic versus simple exclusion, as it provides the 

opportunity to promote responsible and sustainable 

business practices and brings about positive change 

in corporate behaviour through active engagement 

as investors. 

RESPONSIBLE 

BUSINESS PRACTICES

Total Water Consumption and Intensity













326,051

1.52

1.12

1.08

 2017 

2018 

2019

241,310

232,923

350,000

280,000

210,000

140,000

70,000

0

2.0

1.6

1.2

0.8

0.4

0

■  Total water consumption (m3)                  Water intensity per m²


65

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019

In Singapore, we have incorporated ESG factors into 

our manager evaluation and selection process.  We 

have clearly communicated our preference for external 

asset managers who practise ESG assessment. Lion 

Global Investors (LGI), our subsidiary and key external 

asset manager, became a United Nations Principles 

of Responsible Investment (UNPRI) signatory.  LGI 

is proactively incorporating ESG issues into its 

investment analysis and decision-making processes. 

With LGI’s participation, we now have the majority 

of our assets managed by UNPRI signatories. 

In Malaysia, we support bonds that have been 

accorded Sustainability Ratings or Second Opinion 

Reports provided by accredited consultants. The 

Sustainability Rating of an issuer is based on 

an assessment methodology developed by RAM 

Consultancy to measure ESG and positive impact 

from the alignment of the issuer’s business activities 

towards the United Nations’ Sustainable Development 

Goals. The Second Opinion Report, provided 

by RAM Consultancy and CICERO, evaluates a 

project’s contribution towards the development of a 

sustainable and low carbon future. As at end 2019, 

we have S$69 million (RM213 million) invested in 

bonds with Sustainability Rating or Second Opinion 

Report. We have also increased our investment to 

UNPRI signatories to S$404 million (RM1.2 billion). 

In the years to come, we will strive to act in the long-

term interests of our stakeholders while continue 

to generate financial  returns through responsible 

investing with greater ESG focus. 

Lion Global Investors

In 2019, Lion Global Investors (LGI), our subsidiary and 

key external asset manager, began incorporating ESG 

factors into its investment process. This culminated in 

LGI becoming a UNPRI signatory in January 2020.  As 

a UNPRI signatory, LGI joins an international network 

of more than 2,500 investors that publicly commit 

to follow the UNPRI six Principles for Responsible 

Investment in its investment practices. LGI will 

continue to refine its investment processes to fully 

embed ESG factors in all investment decisions and 

active ownership.

As an asset manager within the broader business 

landscape and investment ecosystem, LGI believes 

that adopting sustainable business policies and 

responsible investment practices will lead to long-

term optimal business performance and economic 

growth. This in turn will create sustainable, long-term 

value for all stakeholders.


GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

66

Performance Indicators

2019

Employee Information

Total Headcount

4,595

Female

2,955

Male

1,640

Permanent Staff

4,533

  Singapore

1,657

  Malaysia

2,420

  Indonesia

443

  Brunei

13

Contract and Temporary Staff

62

  Singapore

25

  Malaysia

28

  Indonesia

9

  Brunei

0

Indirect Contract Staff

405

  Singapore

123

  Malaysia

277

  Indonesia

5

  Brunei

0

Performance Indicators

2019

2018

2017

Training

 

 

 

Total training hours per year

138,182

129,881

96,701

Female

86,726

83,323

58,300

Male

51,456

46,558

38,401

Average training hours per employee

30.1

30.5

23.3

Female

29.3

30.1

21.6

Male

31.4

31.4

26.4

SVP and above

39.5

NA

NA

AVP and VP

37.3

NA

NA

Managers and Associates

30.1

NA

NA

Non-executives

19.3

NA

NA

Employee data are collated in our oracle platform, which helps us monitor our key performance disclosures on a quarterly 

basis. 

 

 

PERFORMANCE 

INDICATORS


67

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019

Performance Indicators

2019

2018

2017

Economic Value of Contributions ($ million) *

 

 

 

Direct Economic Value Generated

18,640.4 

12,095.0

17,184.3

Total operating income

18,640.4 

12,095.0

17,184.3

Direct Economic Value Distributed

9,340.5 

8,897.6

7,972.7

Dividend to shareholders

284.0 

331.3

236.7

Staff cost and related expenses

395.0 

307.2

359.6

Payments to providers of capital

18.3 

18.3

18.3

Income tax to government

273.9 

317.3

402.1

Operating expenses

8,369.3 

7,923.5

6,956.0

Direct Economic Value Retained

9,299.9 

3,197.4

9,211.6

Indirect Economic Contribution

 

 

 

Total Employment

34,852

32,200

32,065

Employees

4,595

4,255

4,153

Agents

27,339

25,864

26,150

Financial Advisors

2,918

2,081

1,762

Suppliers

 

 

 

Total Purchase ($ million)

323.2

256.7

229

Purchase from local suppliers (%)

92%

90%

94%

Total no of suppliers 

3,832

3,645

3,509

Local suppliers (%)

97%

95%

95%

Environment

 

 

 

Electricity used (kWh)

25,435,497

26,847,862

27,167,623

Carbon emissions (kgCO2) **

15,063,429

16,281,320 *

16,518,050 *

Water consumption (cu/m3)

232,923

241,310

326,051

Paper Usage (reams)

45,234

50,159

49,529

*  

The data corresponds to consolidated financial statements of GEH.  

**  Restated 2017 and 2018 numbers to Include also carbon emissions from petrol consumptions by cars owned by the Company.  

 

 


GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

68

GRI STANDARDS 

CONTENT INDEX

GRI 

Standard

Disclosure Title

Section/Page Reference 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 (GRI 101 does not contain any disclosures)

GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016

Organisational Profile

102-1

Name of the organisation

Great Eastern Holdings Limited

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and 

services

Segmental Information section. Refer to page 178-181

102-3

Location of headquarters

1 Pickering Street, Great Eastern Centre, Singapore 048659

102-4

Location of operations

Group Network section. Refer to page 229-232

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Public limited company listed on the Singapore Exchange

102-6

Markets served

Segmental Information section. Refer to page 178-181

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Segmental Information section. Refer to page 178-181

Our People section. Refer to page 60

Consolidated Profit and Loss Statement section. Refer to 

page 108-109

Balance Sheet section. Refer to page 110

102-8

Information on employees and other 

workers

Our People section. Refer to page 60

Performance Indicators. Refer to page 66-67

102-9

Supply chain

Economic Contributions section. Refer to page 64

Performance Indicators. Refer to page 66-67

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation 

and its supply chain

Nil

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

Great Eastern does not explicitly refer to the precautionary 

principle or approach in its risk management principles. 

102-12

External initiatives

We are HCPartner, part of our support for Singapore's 

Tripartite Alliance for Fair &amp; Progressive Employment 

Practices' (TAFEP) Human Capital Partnership (HCP) 

Programme

We are a member of Internationally Active Insurance Group 

(IAIG)

We are signatory to the United Nations Principles for 

Sustainable Insurance (UN PSI)

102-13

Membership of associations 

GEL: Life Insurance Association Singapore (“LIA”)

GEG: General Insurance Association (“GIA”)

GEFA: Association of Financial Advisers (Singapore) (“AFAS”)

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Board Statement. Refer to page 55

Ethics and Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and 

norms of behaviour

https://www.greateasternlife.com/sg/en/about-us/company-

profile/our-vision-mission-and-values.html

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

Sustainability Governance section. Refer to page 57


69

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019

GRI 

Standard

Disclosure Title

Section/Page Reference 

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholder Engagement section. Refer to page 57

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

In Singapore, the Singapore Insurance Employees’ Union 

(SIEU) represents our applicable employees’ cohort on 

collective bargaining.  

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Stakeholder Engagement section. Refer to page 57

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder Engagement section. Refer to page 57

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder Engagement section. Refer to page 57

Reporting Practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

Subsidiaries and Associates section. Refer to page 147

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries 

Materiality. Refer to page 57

102-47

List of material topics 

Sustainability Pillars, Material ESG Issues and United Nations 

Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs). Refer to page 56

102-48

Restatements of information

Refer to page 67

102-49

Changes in reporting 

Materiality Assessment. Refer to page 57

102-50

Reporting period 

About This Report section. Refer to page 55

102-51

Date of most recent report 

February 2019

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding 

the report 

Corpcomms-sg@greateasternlife.com

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with 

the GRI Standards

Reporting Framework. Refer to page 55

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Standards Content Index

102-56

External assurance 

We have not sought external assurance for this

reporting period

Material Topics

GRI 201: Economic Performance 2016 (Economic Contributions)

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Economic Contributions section. Refer to page 64

103-2

The management approach and its 

components 

Economic Contributions section. Refer to page 64

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Economic Contributions section. Refer to page 64

201-1

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed

Performance Indicators. Refer to page 67

GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts 2016 (Responsible Investment)

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Responsible Investment section. Refer to page 64-65

103-2

The management approach and its 

components 

Responsible Investment section. Refer to page 64-65

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Responsible Investment section. Refer to page 64-65

203-2

Significant indirect economic impacts 

Performance Indicators. Refer to page 67


GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

70

GRI STANDARDS 

CONTENT INDEX

GRI 

Standard

Disclosure Title

Section/Page Reference 

GRI 205: Anti-Corruption 2016 (Cyber Security, Customer Privacy and Combating Financial Crime)

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Cyber Security, Customer Privacy and Combating Financial 

Crime section. Refer to page 62

103-2

The management approach and its 

components 

Cyber Security, Customer Privacy and Combating Financial 

Crime section. Refer to page 62

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Cyber Security, Customer Privacy and Combating Financial 

Crime section. Refer to page 62

205-2

Communication and training 

about anti-corruption policies and 

procedures

Cyber Security, Customer Privacy and Combating Financial 

Crime section. Refer to page 62

GRI 302: Energy 2016 (Environment)

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Environment section. Refer to page 62-64

103-2

The management approach and its 

components 

Environment section. Refer to page 62-64

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Environment section. Refer to page 62-64

302-1

Energy consumption within the 

organisation

Environment section. Refer to page 62-64

302-3

Energy Intensity

Environment section. Refer to page 62-64

302-4

Reduction of energy consumption

Environment section. Refer to page 62-64 

GRI 303: Water and Effluents 2018 (Environment)

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Environment section. Refer to page 62-64

103-2

The management approach and its 

components 

Environment section. Refer to page 62-64

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Environment section. Refer to page 62-64

303-5

Water Consumption

Environment section. Refer to page 62-64

GRI 305: Emissions 2016 (Environment)

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Environment section. Refer to page 62-64

103-2

The management approach and its 

components 

Environment section. Refer to page 62-64

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Environment section. Refer to page 62-64

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 

Environment section. Refer to page 62-64

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG 

emissions 

Environment section. Refer to page 62-64

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance (Environment)

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Environment section. Refer to page 62-64

103-2

The management approach and its 

components 

Environment section. Refer to page 62-64

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Environment section. Refer to page 62-64

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations 

Environment section. Refer to page 62-64


71

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019

GRI 

Standard

Disclosure Title

Section/Page Reference 

GRI 404: Training and Education 2016 (Our People)

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Our People. Refer to page 60

103-2

The management approach and its 

components 

Our People. Refer to page 60

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Our People. Refer to page 60

404-1

Average hours of training per year per 

employee

Performance Indicators. Refer to page 66

GRI 413: Local Communities 2016 (Corporate Social Responsibility)

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Corporate Social Responsibility section. Refer to page 59

103-2

The management approach and its 

components 

Corporate Social Responsibility section. Refer to page 59

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Corporate Social Responsibility section. Refer to page 59

413-1

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, 

and development programmes

Corporate Social Responsibility section. Refer to page 59

GRI Financial Sector Supplement Disclosures: Local Communities (Financial Inclusion)

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Financial Inclusion section. Refer to page 58-59

103-2

The management approach and its 

components 

Financial Inclusion section. Refer to page 58-59

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Financial Inclusion section. Refer to page 58-59

FS14

Initiatives to improve access to 

financial services for disadvantaged 

people

Financial Inclusion section. Refer to page 58-59

GRI 417: Marketing and Labeling 2016 (Fair Dealing)

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Fair Dealing section. Refer to page 61

103-2

The management approach and its 

components 

Fair Dealing section. Refer to page 61

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Fair Dealing section. Refer to page 61

417-2

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning product and service

information and labeling

No significant cases

417-3

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning marketing communications

No significant cases


GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

72

GRI STANDARDS 

CONTENT INDEX

GRI 

Standard

Disclosure Title

Section/Page Reference 

GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016 (Cyber Security, Customer Privacy and Combating Financial Crime)

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Cyber Security, Customer Privacy and Combating Financial 

Crime section. Refer to page 62

103-2

The management approach and its 

components 

Cyber Security, Customer Privacy and Combating Financial 

Crime section. Refer to page 62

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Cyber Security, Customer Privacy and Combating Financial 

Crime section. Refer to page 62

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning 

breaches of customer privacy and 

losses of customer data

No substantiated complaints

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 2016 (Strong Governance)

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Strong Governance section. Refer to page 61-62

103-2

The management approach and its 

components 

Strong Governance section. Refer to page 61-62

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Strong Governance section. Refer to page 61-62

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and economic 

area

No significant cases

Non GRI Topic 

NON GRI

Cyber Security

Cyber Security, Customer Privacy and Combating Financial 

Crime section. Refer to page 62 Cyber Security, Customer 

Privacy and Combating Financial Crime section. Refer to  

page 62

NON GRI

Customer Experience (Non-GRI 

material topic)

Customer Experience section. Refer to page 61

NON GRI

Strong Governance - Regulatory 

Compliance &amp; Risk Focused 

Organisation

Strong Governance section. Refer to page 61-62


CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE REPORT 

As at 28 February 2020

The Board of Directors and Management of Great Eastern 

Holdings Limited (“GEH” or the “Company”) place great 

importance on the high standards of corporate governance 

and are committed to upholding the values of integrity, 

honesty and proper conduct at all times in the business 

operations and dealings of the Company and its subsidiaries 

(collectively, the “Group”). 

 

Since the designation of GEH as a financial holding 

company by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) on 

27 April 2012, GEH has adopted the corporate governance 

practices that conform with the Banking (Corporate 

Governance) Regulations and any exemptions thereto 

(collectively, the “CG Regulations”), as well as the MAS 

Guidelines on Corporate Governance for Financial Holding 

Companies, 

Banks, 

Direct 

Insurers, 

Reinsurers 

and 

Captive Insurers which are incorporated in Singapore 2013  

(the “MAS CG Guidelines”). The Company also observes the 

Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the “Code”) as part 

of its listing obligations. Where differences exist between 

the requirements of the above, the Company follows the CG 

Regulations.

 

A summary of the disclosures made pursuant to the 

Company’s 

corporate 

governance 

arrangements 

are 

provided on Pages 95 to 96 of this Annual Report.

 

BOARD MATTERS

Principle 1: The Board’s Conduct of Affairs

The company is headed by an effective Board which is 

collectively responsible and works with Management for 

the long-term success of the company. 

1. 

The Board is appointed by the shareholders to 

supervise the management of the business and 

affairs of the Company. The prime stewardship 

responsibility of the Board is to ensure the viability 

and sustainability of the Company and to ensure that 

it is managed in the best interests of the Company 

as a whole while taking into account the interests of 

shareholders and other stakeholders. The Company 

has a Board charter approved by the Board.

2. 

The Board provides strategic direction to, and 

oversight of the operations of, the Company and the 

Group. The principal roles and functions of the Board, 

as set out in the Board charter, include the following:

 

 

(a) 

reviewing and approving the overall business 

strategy and the organisation structure of the 

Company and the Group as developed and 

recommended by Management;

 

(b) 

ensuring that decisions and investments 

are consistent with the long-term strategic 

goals of the Company and the Group and the 

objectives of the individual policy funds;

 

 

(c) 

ensuring that interests of shareholders, 

policyholders and other stakeholders are taken 

into account in managing the Company’s and 

the Group’s business;

 

 

(d) 

ensuring that the necessary human resources 

are in place for the Company to achieve its 

objectives;

 

 

(e) 

ensuring that the Company is operated 

in accordance with the relevant laws and 

regulations, as well as policies, processes and 

guidelines approved by the Board, so as to 

preserve its financial integrity;

 

 

(f) 

reviewing the acquisition or disposal of assets 

that is material to the Company and to the 

Group;

 

 

(g) 

providing oversight in ensuring that the risk 

appetite of the Company and Group reflects 

its strategic intent, taking into account the 

operating and regulatory environment, and 

consists of a balanced set of return objectives 

and risk tolerance, such as effectiveness of 

internal controls and capital sufficiency;

 

 

(h) 

overseeing, through the Audit Committee, 

the quality and integrity of the accounting 

and financial reporting systems, disclosure 

controls and procedures, and system of 

internal controls;

 

 

(i) 

overseeing, through the Risk Management 

Committee, the establishment and operation 

of an independent risk management function, 

the adequacy of the risk management policies 

and systems, and capital management 

strategy, including the optimal allocation of 

capital resources, and the quality of the risk 

management processes and reporting;

 

 

(j) 

overseeing, 

through 

the 

Nominating 

Committee, the succession planning for key 

senior executive positions within the Group, 

the selection and appointment of senior 

executive officers, and the management of its 

talent resources; 

73

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE REPORT 

As at 28 February 2020

 

(k) 

establishing corporate values and risk cultures, 

emphasising integrity, honesty and proper 

conduct at all times, with respect to internal 

dealings and external transactions, including 

situations where there are potential conflicts 

of interests, so as to uphold fair-dealing 

standards;

 

 

(l) 

providing a balanced and objective assessment 

of the performance, position and prospects of 

the Company and the Group to shareholders 

and the investment community in general. 

This includes information provided in interim 

and other price-sensitive public reports and 

regulatory reports; 

 

 

(m) 

overseeing, 

through 

the 

Remuneration 

Committee, the design and operation of an 

appropriate 

remuneration 

framework 

and 

ensuring that the remuneration practices are 

aligned with the remuneration framework; 

 

 

(n) 

reviewing Management’s performance and 

ensuring that Management formulates policies 

and processes to promote fair practices and 

high standards of business conduct by staff; 

 

 

(o) 

maintaining records of all meetings of the Board 

and Board Committees, especially with regards 

to records of discussions on key deliberations 

and decisions taken; and

 

(p) 

formulating strategies, taking into consideration 

sustainability issues such as environmental and 

social factors, and reviewing and approving all 

material environmental, social and governance 

issues and the sustainability strategy.

 

3. 

Directors with conflicts of interest recuse themselves 

from discussions and decisions involving issues of 

conflict.

 

Board Approval

4. 

The Company has adopted internal guidelines 

on matters which require Board approval. These 

guidelines are communicated to Management in 

writing. Matters requiring Board approval include 

overall business strategy and direction, significant 

policies governing the operations of the Group, 

strategic or significant acquisitions, investments and 

divestments by the Group, corporate restructuring, 

major corporate initiatives and other Group activities 

of a significant nature, dividend policy and dividend 

declaration, the quarterly and year-end financial 

reporting and announcement of financial results and 

financial statements of the Company and the Group. 

5. 

The Board approves transactions exceeding certain 

threshold limits, while delegating authority for 

transactions below the threshold limits to the Board 

Committees and Management to optimise operational 

efficiency.

 

Board Committees

6. 

The Board has established a number of Board 

committees (“Board Committees”) to assist it in 

carrying out more effectively its oversight of the 

operations and business affairs of the Company 

and the Group. These Board Committees consist of 

the Executive Committee, Nominating Committee, 

Audit Committee Remuneration Committee and Risk 

Management Committee. All the Board Committees 

have been constituted with clear Board-approved 

terms of reference.

 

7. 

The Company’s Board Committees, in carrying 

out their responsibilities in accordance with their 

respective terms of reference, are also actively 

involved in assisting the Board to ensure compliance 

with good corporate governance practices by the 

Company. Minutes of Board Committee meetings, 

which provide a fair and accurate record of the 

discussions and key deliberations and decisions 

taken during the meetings, are maintained and 

circulated to the Board. The composition and details 

of the principal roles and responsibilities of the Board 

Committees are set out below. 

Executive Committee

8. 

The Executive Committee is required to comprise a 

majority of independent Directors.

 

9. 

The Executive Committee comprises the following 

Directors:  

• 

Mr Koh Beng Seng, Chairman

• 

Mr Law Song Keng, Member

• 

Mr Lee Fook Sun, Member

• 

Mr Thean Nam Yew, Member

• 

Mr Samuel N. Tsien, Member

 

10. 

Mr Law Song Keng, Mr Lee Fook Sun and  

Mr Thean Nam Yew are independent Directors under 

the CG Regulations. 

11. 

The Executive Committee carries out the functions 

set out in its Board-approved terms of reference. 

Such functions consist principally of overseeing 

the management of the business and affairs of the 

Company and the Group within the parameters and 

scope of authority delegated by the Board, and 

include the review of the Group’s policies, strategies, 

objectives and performance targets, proposed 

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

74


CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE REPORT 

As at 28 February 2020

transactions or initiatives of a material nature and 

any major proposed investment or divestment. 

The Executive Committee does not take on the 

functions of the Management. Major decisions of the 

Executive Committee are submitted to the Board for 

endorsement and approval.

 

12. 

The Executive Committee held a total of four meetings 

in 2019.

Nominating Committee

13. 

Under the CG Regulations, the Nominating Committee 

is required to comprise at least five Directors, with 

at least one-third of Directors being independent 

Directors (including the Nominating Committee 

Chairman) and at least a majority being independent 

from management and business relationships.

 

14. 

The Nominating Committee comprises the following 

Directors:

• 

Mr Lee Fook Sun, Chairman

• 

Mr Norman Ip, Member 

• 

Mr Koh Beng Seng, Member

• 

Mr Kyle Lee Khai Fatt, Member

• 

Mr Samuel N. Tsien, Member 

• 

Mr Wee Joo Yeow, Member

 

15. 

A majority of the members are independent from 

management and business relationships and at 

least one-third, being the Nominating Committee 

Chairman, Mr Lee Fook Sun, and Mr Kyle Lee 

Khai Fatt, are independent Directors under the CG 

Regulations.

 

16. 

The appointment and re-appointment of Nominating 

Committee members are subject to the prior written 

approval of MAS. 

 

17. 

The responsibilities of the Nominating Committee are 

set out in its Board-approved terms of reference. The 

Nominating Committee reviews the Board and Board 

Committee compositions annually and ensures 

that there is progressive renewal of the Board. It is 

responsible for identifying candidates, reviewing and 

recommending nominations and/or re-nominations 

of Directors on the Board and Board Committees. 

The Nominating Committee also reviews nominations 

and dismissals or resignations of senior management 

positions in the Company, including the Group 

Chief Executive Officer (“Group CEO”), Group Chief 

Financial Officer (“Group CFO”) and Group Chief Risk 

Officer (“Group CRO”).

Talent Development and Succession Planning

18. 

The Company has instituted a rigorous process for 

talent development and succession planning. It 

conducts an annual review of the succession plans 

for key senior management executives, taking into 

account the current needs and future strategic 

capabilities. An annual discussion will be held with 

the Nominating Committee to review potential 

successors and their corresponding development 

plans. 

 

19. 

The Nominating Committee reviews the talent 

development framework and processes in order to 

build a deeper and wider bench strength and a strong 

talent pool. Critical jobs are identified and potential 

successors are groomed for key positions. Group 

Human Capital engages the Group CEO and the 

respective heads of business units to review the list 

of critical jobs and the potential successors annually 

based on current and future business needs.

 

20. 

The Nominating Committee held a total of two 

meetings in 2019.

Audit Committee

21. 

The Audit Committee is required to comprise at 

least three non-executive Directors, all of whom 

are independent from management and business 

relationships, and at least a majority of Directors 

(including the Audit Committee Chairman) who are 

independent Directors.

 

22. 

The Audit Committee comprises the following 

Directors:

• 

Mr Kyle Lee Khai Fatt, Chairman

• 

Mr Law Song Keng, Member

• 

Mrs Teoh Lian Ee, Member

• 

Mr Thean Nam Yew, Member

 

23. 

All the members are independent Directors and 

independent 

from 

management 

and 

business 

relationships under the CG Regulations. The members 

have not been partners or directors of Messrs Ernst 

&amp; Young LLP (“EY”), the external auditor and none of 

them hold any financial interest in EY. 

 

24. 

Members of the Audit Committee are appropriately 

qualified 

to 

discharge 

their 

responsibilities. 

In 

particular, 

Mr 

Kyle 

Lee 

Khai 

Fatt 

and  

Mr Thean Nam Yew have relevant accounting and 

auditing experience and Mrs Teoh Lian Ee has 

experience in taxation and trust law. All the Audit 

75

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE REPORT 

As at 28 February 2020

Committee members possess financial management 

knowledge and experience. The Audit Committee 

members keep abreast of relevant changes through 

regular updates from the external auditor on changes 

to accounting standards and issues which have a 

direct impact on the financial statements. The Audit 

Committee carries out its functions in accordance 

with Section 201B(5) of the Companies Act (Chapter 

50), the Code, the listing manual of the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”), 

the CG Regulations and the MAS CG Guidelines and 

operates within Board-approved terms of reference 

which set out the Audit Committee’s authorities and 

duties. 

 

25. 

The Audit Committee has explicit authority to 

investigate any matter within its terms of reference 

and has the full co-operation of and access to 

Management. The Audit Committee has full discretion 

to invite any Director or senior management executive 

to attend its meetings. It has resources to enable it to 

discharge its functions properly. 

 

26. 

The Audit Committee held a total of four meetings in 

2019. The Audit Committee meetings were attended 

by the internal and external auditors, the Group CEO 

and certain senior management executives, including 

the Group CFO. 

 

27. 

Further information on the Audit Committee is 

provided under Principle 10 on Page 88 of this Annual 

Report.

Remuneration Committee

28. 

Under the CG Regulations, the Remuneration 

Committee is required to comprise at least three 

Directors, with at least one-third of Directors, being 

independent Directors (including the Remuneration 

Committee Chairman) and at least a majority being 

independent 

from 

management 

and 

business 

relationships. 

29. 

The 

Remuneration 

Committee 

comprises 

the 

following Directors: 

• 

Mr Lee Fook Sun, Chairman

• 

Mr Koh Beng Seng, Member

• 

Mr Wee Joo Yeow, Member 

 

30. 

All the members are independent from management 

and business relationships. The Remuneration 

Committee Chairman, Mr Lee Fook Sun, is an 

independent Director under the CG Regulations.

 

31. 

The Remuneration Committee ensures that the 

Company 

implements 

formal 

and 

transparent 

procedures for developing policies on executive 

remuneration and for determining the remuneration 

packages of Directors and senior management 

executives.

 

32. 

The responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee 

are set out in its Board-approved terms of 

reference. The Remuneration Committee’s principal 

responsibilities are to recommend to the Board for 

endorsement a framework of Directors’ fees, as well 

as remuneration of executive Directors and senior 

management executives. For executive Directors 

and senior management executives, the framework 

covers all aspects of remuneration including salaries, 

allowances, bonuses, share options and other 

incentives and benefits. The Remuneration Committee 

also ensures that the Group’s remuneration policies 

and practices are aligned with the approved framework 

and that remuneration packages are appropriate to 

attract, retain and motivate the executive Directors 

and senior management executives without being 

excessive. 

 

33. 

The Remuneration Committee held a total of two 

meetings in 2019.

Risk Management Committee 

34. 

The Risk Management Committee is required to 

comprise at least three Directors, a majority of 

whom (including the Risk Management Committee 

Chairman) are non-executive Directors. The MAS 

CG Guidelines further stipulate that members of 

this Committee should be appropriately qualified to 

discharge their duties, with at least two having the 

relevant technical financial sophistication in risk 

disciplines or business experience.

35. 

The Risk Management Committee comprises the 

following Directors:

• 

Mr Koh Beng Seng, Chairman

• 

Mr Norman Ip, Member

• 

Mr Law Song Keng, Member

• 

Mr Soon Tit Koon, Member

• 

Mr Samuel N. Tsien, Member

 

36. 

All the members are non-executive Directors of 

whom Mr Law Song Keng and Mr Soon Tit Koon 

are independent Directors. All the members have 

the relevant technical financial sophistication in risk 

disciplines or business experience to enable them to 

discharge their duties effectively. 

 

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

76


CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE REPORT 

As at 28 February 2020

37. 

The Risk Management Committee is responsible for 

the oversight of market, credit, liquidity, insurance, 

operational, technology, regulatory and compliance 

risks to manage the financial and reputational impact 

arising from these risks. It reviews the overall risk 

management philosophy, including the risk profile, 

risk tolerance level, and capital management strategy, 

guided by the overall risk appetite and corporate 

strategy approved by the Board. 

 

38. 

The Risk Management Committee performs its 

functions pursuant to its Board-approved terms of 

reference. Such terms of reference include the review 

and approval or endorsement of enterprise risk 

management framework, major policies, charters and 

strategies for effective risk management, investment 

management and asset-liability management. The 

terms of reference also include the review and 

approval of major risk management initiatives.

 

39. 

The Risk Management Committee endorses the 

appointment and annual appraisal of the Group 

CRO who reports directly to the Risk Management 

Committee and the Group CEO. The appointment of 

the Group CRO also requires the prior approval of 

MAS. 

 

40. 

The Group CRO is responsible for establishing 

and implementing the Group’s risk management 

framework and processes for identifying, assessing, 

measuring, controlling, mitigating, monitoring and 

reporting of risks.

41. 

The Group Risk Management Department has 

adequate resources and is staffed by experienced and 

qualified personnel who are sufficiently independent 

to perform their duties objectively. The Group Risk 

Management Department regularly engages senior 

management executives to develop enterprise-wide 

risk controls and risk mitigation procedures.

 

42. 

The Risk Management Committee held a total of five 

meetings in 2019.

 

43. 

The 

Group’s 

enterprise 

risk 

governance 

and 

management objectives and policies and other 

pertinent details are disclosed in Note 33 of the Notes 

to the Financial Statements.

Meetings and Directors’ attendance

44. 

The Board meets regularly during the year to review 

the business performance and key activities of the 

Group presented by Management, and to deliberate 

significant 

business 

proposals 

presented 

by 

Management. All members of the Board participate 

actively in Board discussions and decisions are taken 

objectively in the interests of the Company. The 

Board works with Management to achieve its stated 

goals and Management remains accountable to the 

Board. Where warranted by particular circumstances, 

ad hoc Board or Board Committee meetings will 

be convened. Each year, the Board and senior 

management executives meet to review and refresh 

strategies for the Group. In 2019, the Board held 

a total of six Board meetings, including one Board 

Strategy meeting and an ad hoc Board meeting.

 

45. 

Meetings of the Board and Board Committees via 

telephone or video conference are permitted by 

the Company’s Constitution. If a Director is unable 

to attend a Board or Board Committee meeting, 

he will still receive all the papers and materials to 

be tabled for discussion at that meeting. Directors 

are provided with complete, adequate and timely 

information related to agenda items before each 

meeting. Directors are also equipped with electronic 

tablets that allow secured access to Board and Board 

Committee meeting materials. Information provided 

includes background information on matters to 

be addressed by the Board, copies of disclosure 

documents, monthly internal financial statements, 

enterprise risk management and audit dashboards, 

operating plans, forecasts, and reports of variances 

from operating plans and forecasts.

46. 

The number of meetings of the Board and Board 

Committees held in 2019 and the attendance of the 

Directors at those meetings are tabulated on the next 

page.

77

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE REPORT 

As at 28 February 2020

Directors’ attendance at Board and Board Committee meetings in 2019

Board

(including Board Strategy)

Nominating Committee

Audit Committee

No. of Meetings

No. of Meetings

No. of Meetings

Scheduled

Ad hoc

Scheduled

Scheduled

Name of Director

Held

Attended

Attended

Held

Attended

Held

Attended

Koh Beng Seng

6

6

1

2

2

–

–

Norman Ip(1)

6

6

1

2

2

–

–

Law Song Keng

6

6

1

–

–

4

4

Lee Fook Sun(2)

6

6

1

1

1

–

–

Kyle Lee Khai Fatt

6

6

1

2

2

4

4

Soon Tit Koon

6

6

–

–

–

–

–

Teoh Lian Ee

6

6

1

–

–

4

4

Thean Nam Yew

6

6

1

–

–

4

4

Samuel N. Tsien

6

6

1

2

2

–

–

Wee Joo Yeow

6

6

1

2

2

–

–

Remuneration 

Committee 

Executive 

Committee

Risk Management  

Committee 

No. of Meetings

No. of Meetings

No. of Meetings

Scheduled

Scheduled 

Scheduled 

Name of Director

Held

Attended

Held

Attended

Held

Attended

Koh Beng Seng

2

2

4

4

5

5

Norman Ip(1)

1

1

–

–

4

4

Law Song Keng

–

–

4

4

5

5

Lee Fook Sun(2)

1

1

4

4

–

–

Kyle Lee Khai Fatt

–

–

–

–

–

–

Soon Tit Koon

–

–

–

–

5

5

Teoh Lian Ee

–

–

–

–

–

–

Thean Nam Yew(3)

–

–

4

4

–

–

Samuel N. Tsien

–

–

4

4

5

5

Wee Joo Yeow

2

2

–

–

–

–

Notes:

(1)  Stepped down as Nominating Committee (“NC”) and Remuneration Committee (“RC”) Chairman as well as an Executive Committee (“EXCO”) member  

on 1 March 2019 and remained as a NC member. Appointed as a Risk Management Committee member on 1 March 2019.

(2)  Appointed as NC and RC Chairman on 1 March 2019.

(3)  Appointed as an EXCO member on 1 March 2019.

Directors’ attendance at the annual general meeting (“AGM”) of the Company is not included in the above table.

There were 2 Board sessions without Management held in 2019. Directors’ attendance at these sessions is not included in the above table.

The number of meetings indicated in “Held” above reflects the number of meetings held during the time the respective Directors held office.

Total number of ad hoc meetings held in 2019 – Board:1

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

78


CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE REPORT 

As at 28 February 2020

Access to Information

47. 

The Board members are provided with relevant 

and timely information by Management on matters 

to be discussed or considered at meetings of the 

Board and Board Committees. For matters requiring 

approval, information furnished by Management 

usually includes background explanatory information, 

relevant facts and/or analysis to support the proposal, 

implications or merits of the case, risk analysis 

and mitigating strategies, the budget (if applicable) 

and Management’s recommendation. The senior 

management executives who can provide additional 

information and insight or provide clarifications to 

queries raised are usually present at the meeting 

during discussion on such matters. Occasionally, 

external consultants engaged on specific projects 

may also be invited to brief the Board or Board 

Committees, where relevant. All Board and Board 

Committee members have unfettered access to 

information, which the Company is in possession of 

or has access to, for the purpose of carrying out their 

responsibilities.

 

48. 

Information furnished to the Board on an on-going 

basis includes business forecasts, monthly Group 

financials and quarterly reports on the financial 

results and performance of the Group and principal 

subsidiaries within the Group, with explanations 

of material deviations between actual results and 

business plans and/or budgets. Management also 

provides the Board with information on material risks 

exposed by the Company and the Group, including 

credit, market, liquidity and operational risks. 

 

49. 

Directors have separate and independent access to 

the Company Secretary and to senior management 

executives of the Company and the Group at all 

times.

50. 

The Company Secretary attends all Board meetings 

and prepares minutes of Board proceedings. She 

assists the Chairman to ensure that appropriate 

Board procedures are followed and that applicable 

regulations are complied with. Under the direction 

of the Chairman, she ensures good information 

flow within the Board and Board Committees, 

and between senior management executives and  

non-executive Directors. The Company Secretary 

also facilitates the orientation of new Directors and 

professional development of Directors, as required. 

The appointment and removal of the Company 

Secretary is considered to be a matter for the Board 

as a whole. 

51. 

The Directors may take independent professional 

advice as and when necessary to enable them to 

discharge their duties effectively. Similarly, the Board 

and Board Committees may obtain professional 

advice, whenever necessary and appropriate, so as to 

effectively discharge their roles and responsibilities. 

All engagements of external advisers are at the 

Company’s expense.

Board Orientation and Development

52. 

Upon the appointment of a new Director, the  

newly-appointed Director will be apprised of his/her 

statutory and fiduciary duties and obligations and 

issued a Director’s orientation kit which will include 

key information on the Company and the Group, 

the terms of reference of the Board and Board 

Committees, duties and obligations of Directors 

as well as relevant rules and regulations. As part 

of the induction programme for new Directors, the 

Group CEO and senior management executives will 

conduct presentation sessions for new Directors on 

the Group’s principal activities, strategic plans and 

business operations and the induction programme 

will be tailored to the specific development needs of 

the new Directors. The Company constantly reviews 

and improves on the contents of such briefings to 

new Directors to take into account any new legislative 

changes which affect the roles and responsibilities 

of Directors and to enable them to have a more 

comprehensive understanding of the Group, the 

insurance business and practices and the Group’s 

financial positions.

53. 

The Nominating Committee ensures that there is a 

continuous professional development programme 

for all Directors, to ensure that they are equipped 

with the appropriate skills and knowledge to perform 

their roles on the Board and Board Committees 

effectively. The Company arranges for new Directors 

to be briefed on areas such as accounting, risk 

management, insurance and for first-time Directors 

to undergo training in roles and responsibilities 

of directors of listed companies as prescribed by 

the SGX-ST. From time to time, the Company 

organises talks, seminars or presentations by 

external professionals, consultants or Management 

on topics relevant to the insurance industry, relevant 

new laws, regulations and changing commercial 

risks and provides updates on developments in the 

industry locally and in other developed countries.  

Industry-related and topical articles are regularly 

circulated to Directors as part of the Company’s 

continuous development programmes for Directors. 

79

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE REPORT 

As at 28 February 2020

Continued training and development programmes are 

offered to Directors and they may attend appropriate 

courses, conferences and seminars conducted by 

professional bodies within the industry or other 

professional organisations including programmes 

conducted by the Singapore Institute of Directors 

where relevant. 

54. 

The Company arranges for and funds the training 

and development programmes for existing and 

new Directors. The Company also maintains formal 

records of the training and development received by 

its Directors.

55. 

Continuing 

development 

programmes 

arranged 

by the Company for Directors in 2019 included the 

following topics: 

• 

Economic Outlook in 2019

• 

Executing Digital Strategy for a Customer 

Centred Future

• 

Investment Strategy in a World of Low Rates, 

Low Volatility and High Uncertainty, High 

Disruption 

• 

Sustainability and Material Environmental, 

Social and Governance Factors

• 

Advancements in Data Science and Artificial 

Intelligence

• 

Presentation on Cyber Landscape 

• 

Anti-Money 

Laundering/Countering 

the 

Financing of Terrorism

• 

IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts

Principle 2: Board Composition and Guidance

The Board has an appropriate level of independence and 

diversity of thought and background in its composition 

to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the 

company.

Board Membership

56. 

The Company’s present Board of ten Directors 

comprises a non-executive Chairman, Mr Koh Beng Seng, 

and 

nine 

other 

non-executive 

Directors. 

The 

nine non-executive Directors are Mr Norman Ip,  

Mr Law Song Keng, Mr Lee Fook Sun, Mr Kyle Lee 

Khai Fatt, Mr Soon Tit Koon, Mrs Teoh Lian Ee,  

Mr Thean Nam Yew, Mr Samuel N. Tsien and  

Mr Wee Joo Yeow. Board members do not appoint 

alternate directors as a matter of practice.

 

57. 

All appointments and re-appointments of Directors of 

the Company are subject to approval by MAS.  

Key information on Directors 

58. 

Key information on the Directors’ qualifications, 

background, working experience, age, directorships 

and appointments are provided on Pages 221 to 

225 and Pages 16 to 20 under the sections “Board 

of Directors” and “Further Information on Directors” 

of this Annual Report respectively. Information on 

their shareholdings in the Company and its related 

corporations are provided in the Directors’ Statement 

on Pages 99 and 100 of this Annual Report. 

The Company does not grant share options to  

non-executive Directors of the Company. The 

Directors do not hold shares in the Company’s 

subsidiaries.

 

59. 

Key information on each Director of the Company’s 

principal insurance subsidiaries in Singapore, namely, 

The Great Eastern Life Assurance Company Limited 

(“GEL”) and Great Eastern General Insurance Limited 

(“GEG”) is also set out under the section “Board of 

Directors” on Pages 22 and 23 of this Annual Report.

Board Composition and Independence

60. 

The Company determines the independence of its 

Directors in accordance with the requirements under 

the CG Regulations. Under the CG Regulations, an 

independent Director of the Company is one who 

is independent from the substantial shareholders 

of the Company, and management and business 

relationships with the Company and its subsidiaries, 

and has not served for more than nine years on 

the Board. He/She is also independent in conduct, 

character and judgment. Each Director is required 

to abstain from the Nominating Committee’s and 

the Board’s deliberations respectively on their own 

independence.

 

61. 

Under the CG Regulations, the Board is required to 

comprise a majority of independent Directors. 

 

62. 

The 

Company’s 

Board 

comprises 

a 

majority 

of 

independent 

Directors. 

The 

Nominating 

Committee determines annually whether a Director 

is independent. Taking into consideration the 

definition of “independence” of a Director under 

the CG Regulations, the Nominating Committee 

has determined that the Company’s independent 

Directors are currently Mr Law Song Keng,  

Mr Lee Fook Sun, Mr Kyle Lee Khai Fatt,  

Mr Soon Tit Koon, Mrs Teoh Lian Ee and  

Mr Thean Nam Yew. 

 

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

80


CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE REPORT 

As at 28 February 2020

63. 

Mr Norman Ip, Mr Law Song Keng, Mr Lee Fook Sun 

and Mr Soon Tit Koon are non-executive Directors 

of companies that have purchased insurance or 

provided reinsurance to the Company’s subsidiaries. 

Such business transactions have been conducted 

in the ordinary course of business, on an arm's 

length basis and on reasonable commercial terms. 

The Nominating Committee considers them to be 

independent of business relationships as they are 

not involved in the day-to-day conduct of these 

companies’ businesses and of the view that these 

business relationships do not affect their ability to act 

independently.

 

64. 

Mr Lee Fook Sun is the non-executive Chairman of 

companies that had business transactions with GEL, 

a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, in the 

financial year ended 31 December 2019 (“FY2019”). 

The contracts awarded to these companies were 

in accordance with the Group’s procurement 

policy. Aggregated payments to these companies 

were insignificant compared to the Group’s overall 

expenditure in the relevant field for FY2019. As 

Mr Lee serves in a non-executive capacity in these 

companies, he would be substantially removed from 

the actual business transactions between these 

companies and GEL. The Nominating Committee 

considers him to be independent of business 

relationships as he is not involved in the day-to-day 

conduct of those companies’ businesses and is of 

the view that these business relationships do not 

affect his ability to act independently. 

 

65. 

Under the CG Regulations, Koh Beng Seng is 

deemed non-independent as he has served for more 

than nine years on the Board and was appointed as 

a Director of OCBC Bank in FY2019. The Nominating 

Committee has determined that he is independent 

from management and business relationships with 

the Company and its subsidiaries.

 

66. 

Mr Norman Ip is deemed non-independent as he 

has served for more than nine years on the Board. 

However, he is independent from the substantial 

shareholder of the Company, and management and 

business relationships with the Company and its 

subsidiaries

 

67. 

Mr Wee Joo Yeow is a non-independent Director 

as he is a member of the Board of OCBC Bank and 

hence, under the CG Regulations, is not independent 

from the substantial shareholder of the Company. As  

Mr Wee Joo Yeow is an independent Director of OCBC 

Bank, he has been determined by the Nominating 

Committee to be independent from management 

and business relationships with the Company and its 

subsidiaries. 

 

68. 

Mr Samuel N. Tsien is a non-independent Director as 

he is the Group Chief Executive Officer and Executive 

Director of OCBC Bank.

69. 

The current Board complies with the requirements 

on Board composition and Board independence 

under the CG Regulations. Six out of the ten Board 

members are independent Directors and all Board 

members are non-executive Directors.

70. 

The Board, through its Nominating Committee, 

is of the view that the current Board and Board 

Committees are of an appropriate size to facilitate 

effective decision-making, taking into account the 

scope and nature of the operations of the Company 

and the Group.

 

71. 

A Board Diversity Policy, setting out the approach 

to diversify the appointment of members and 

composition of the Board, is published on the 

Company’s website www.greateasternlife.com. In the 

appointment of Board members, the policy embraces 

the diversity of skills, knowledge, experience 

including familiarity in the Company’s core markets, 

age, gender and length of service as well as merit 

and independence. Steps are taken to improve 

effectiveness, where necessary. The Board, through 

its Nominating Committee, assesses the diversity of 

its members’ competency profiles, including gender 

representation, and determines the collective skills 

required to discharge its responsibilities effectively.  

 

72. 

The Company’s Board members have diverse 

backgrounds, experience and qualifications, and 

bring a wide range of commercial and financial 

experience to the Board. Collectively, they provide 

the 

necessary 

business 

acumen, 

knowledge, 

capabilities and core competencies to the Company 

and the Group, including industry knowledge in 

insurance (such as key products and customers) and 

actuarial science, investment and asset management 

(such as real estate and property), knowledge in 

banking, accounting, finance, strategy formulation, 

management 

experience, 

risk 

management, 

technology, transformation management, taxation, 

trust law, cyber security and familiarity with 

regulatory requirements. Several Directors also have 

experience in jurisdictions outside Singapore such 

as Malaysia, Indonesia and Greater China. At least 

one of the independent Directors has experience in 

the insurance industry. The diversity of experience 

and 

competencies 

of 

the 

Directors 

enhance 

81

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE REPORT 

As at 28 February 2020

the effectiveness of the Board in discharging its 

responsibilities. Female representation on the Board 

is currently 10%.

73. 

With the knowledge, objectivity and balance 

contributed by the non-executive Directors, the Board 

constructively challenges and enhances proposals 

on strategy, reviews the performance of Management 

against agreed goals and objectives, and monitors 

the reporting of performances.

 

74. 

The non-executive Directors met twice during the 

year without the presence of Management to discuss 

matters such as the performance and effectiveness 

of Management. 

 

Principle 3: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

There is a clear division of responsibilities between the 

leadership of the Board and Management, and no one 

individual has unfettered powers of decision-making.

75. 

The Chairman and the Group CEO are not 

related to each other. The roles of the Chairman,  

Mr Koh Beng Seng, and the Group CEO,  

Mr Khor Hock Seng, are distinct and separate, with 

a clear division of responsibilities between them to 

ensure an appropriate balance of power, increased 

accountability 

and 

greater 

independence 

in  

decision-making. The Company has Board-approved 

internal guidelines setting out the scope of authority 

of the Chairman and the Group CEO. 

76. 

The principal responsibilities of the Chairman include 

leading the Board to ensure it effectively discharges 

its roles and responsibilities, approving agendas of 

Board meetings, monitoring the quality and timeliness 

of the flow of information from Management to the 

Board and promoting effective communication with 

shareholders. The Chairman also facilitates robust 

discussions and deliberations in Board meetings, 

encourages constructive relations between the Board 

and Management, and promotes high standards of 

corporate governance with the full support of the other 

Directors, the Company Secretary and Management.

 

77. 

The Group CEO manages the Company and oversees 

the Group’s operations and implementation of the 

Group’s strategies, plans and policies to achieve 

planned corporate performance and financial goals. 

His management of the Group’s businesses, including 

implementing Board’s decisions, is carried out with 

the assistance of the senior management executives 

of the Group. Collectively, they are responsible for 

the day-to-day operations and administration of 

the Company and the Group, ensuring, inter alia, 

operational and organisational efficiency, profitable 

performance of the operating units, regulatory 

compliance, 

good 

corporate 

governance 

and 

effective risk management. The Board establishes the 

performance targets of the Group CEO and reviews 

his performance against the targets annually.

 

78. 

The Board has not appointed a Lead Independent 

Director as the Chairman and the Group CEO 

are already separate persons, are not related to 

each other and the Chairman is not involved in the  

day-to-day running of the Company’s business 

and operations. The Chairman is independent from 

management and business relationships with the 

Company and its subsidiaries. He is also independent 

of the Management and performs an effective check 

and balance on the Management. The Board has a 

majority of independent directors and the directors 

are able to exercise independent and objective 

judgment. As part of its continuous assessment 

of corporate governance standards, the Board will 

appoint a Lead Independent Director when the Board 

situation warrants it.

 

Principle 4: Board Membership

The Board has a formal and transparent process for the 

appointment and re-appointment of directors, taking into 

account the need for progressive renewal of the Board.

Process for appointment of new Directors

79. 

The Nominating Committee has a key role in carrying 

out the formal and transparent process established 

for the appointment of Directors to the Board. 

Taking into account the competencies and skills 

required by the Board, the Nominating Committee 

establishes annually the profile required of the Board 

members, before making any recommendations 

on the appointment of new Directors, where 

necessary. The Nominating Committee may engage 

external search consultants to source for potential 

candidates. Proposals for the appointment of 

new Directors are reviewed by the Nominating 

Committee. The Nominating Committee meets with 

short-listed candidates to assess their suitability 

and 

commitment. 

Competent 

individuals 

are 

nominated for Board approval after the Nominating 

Committee has assessed their suitability taking into 

consideration, amongst others, their professional 

qualifications, integrity, financial and commercial 

business experience and field of expertise relevant to 

the Group, potential to contribute to the effectiveness 

of the Board and to complement the skills, knowledge 

and expertise of the Board. 

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

82


CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE REPORT 

As at 28 February 2020

80. 

In addition, the Nominating Committee further 

determines the proposed candidate’s independence 

under the CG Regulations and ensures that the 

proposed candidate would satisfy the criteria under 

the CG Regulations in that his/her appointment 

would not result in non-compliance with any of the 

composition requirements for the Board and Board 

Committees, and that he/she is a fit and proper person 

for the office, taking into account his/her track record, 

age, experience, capabilities, skills and other relevant 

factors as may be determined by the Nominating 

Committee. Such reviews are also conducted on an 

annual basis to ensure that each Director remains 

qualified for the office based on the above criteria. 

 

Re-nomination and Re-election of Directors

81. 

All Directors of the Board are required to submit 

themselves for re-nomination and re-election at 

regular intervals, at least once every three years. At 

each AGM of the Company, one-third of the Directors, 

being those who have served longest in office since 

their re-election, are required to retire by rotation 

in accordance with the Company’s Constitution. 

Pursuant to the Company’s Constitution, newly 

appointed Directors will hold office until the next 

AGM and, if eligible, can stand for re-election. 

Retiring Directors are eligible for re-election when 

re-nominated by the Nominating Committee, taking 

into account the Directors’ attendance at meetings, 

their expertise, knowledge and commitment, and 

their contributions to Board discussions and to the 

effectiveness of the Board.

 

82. 

The Directors who are retiring by rotation under article 

97 of the Company’s Constitution and standing for 

re-election at the 2020 AGM are Mr Koh Beng Seng, 

Mr Law Song Keng, Mr Soon Tit Koon and  

Mr Thean Nam Yew. 

83. 

Directors are expected to set aside adequate time for 

their oversight of matters relating to the Company. 

The Directors provide declarations of changes in 

their other appointments which are disseminated to 

all Board members. The Company has established 

guidelines on meeting attendance and the extent 

of other appointments outside the Company that a 

Director may assume. Generally, a Director who has 

full-time employment in any organisation shall have 

appointments in no more than three other listed 

companies, while a Director who does not have any 

full-time employment shall have appointments in no 

more than six other listed companies. Each of the 

Directors’ listed company directorships and principal 

commitments are provided on Pages 221 to 225 under 

the section “Further Information on Directors” of this 

Annual Report. The Nominating Committee annually 

assesses each Director’s attendance record and 

degree of participation at meetings to determine if a 

Director is able to and has been diligently discharging 

his/her duties as a Director of the Company. All 

Directors have met the requirements under the 

Nominating Committee’s guidelines.

Principle 5: Board Performance 

The Board undertakes a formal annual assessment of its 

effectiveness as a whole, and that of each of its board 

committees and individual directors.

 

84. 

The Board has an annual performance evaluation 

process, carried out by the Nominating Committee, 

to assess the effectiveness of the Board, Board 

Committees and each Director’s contributions. This 

annual assessment process consists principally 

of evaluation by and feedback from each Director. 

Each Director evaluates the performance of the 

Board and Board Committees. The assessment 

of the contributions of individual Directors to the 

effectiveness of the Board is also performed annually. 

Such assessments are made against established 

performance criteria consistent with those approved 

by the Board and used in the previous year. 

 

85. 

An external party is engaged after every three years 

to facilitate the Board evaluation process and to 

provide the Board with an independent perspective 

of the Board’s performance, including benchmarks 

against peer boards and industry best practices. 

 

86. 

The 2019 Board evaluation questionnaire focused 

on areas such as competency and independence, 

information quality and timeliness, conduct of 

meetings, corporate social responsibility, managing 

performance, 

succession 

planning, 

Directors 

development, internal controls and risk management, 

Board Committees as well as individual Directors 

assessment. The Board Chairman and/or Nominating 

Committee Chairman will act upon the feedback 

provided to enhance the Board’s performance.

87. 

The purpose of the evaluation is to increase the overall 

effectiveness of the Board. The Board has found the 

evaluation process useful and constructive since 

its implementation more than ten years ago. This 

collective process has also provided an opportunity 

to obtain insightful feedback from each Director on 

suggestions to enhance the effectiveness of the 

Board.

83

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE REPORT 

As at 28 February 2020

REMUNERATION MATTERS

Principle 6: Procedures for Developing Remuneration 

Policies

The Board has a formal and transparent procedure 

for developing policies on director and executive 

remuneration, and for fixing the remuneration packages 

of individual directors and key management personnel. 

No director is involved in deciding his or her own 

remuneration.

 

88. 

The objective of the Group’s remuneration policy is to 

attract, motivate, reward and retain quality personnel.

 

89. 

In considering its recommendations to the Board 

and in approving remuneration, the Remuneration 

Committee ensures that remuneration policies are 

in line with the Group’s strategic objectives and 

corporate values, and do not give rise to conflicts 

between the objectives of the Company and interests 

of individual Directors and key executives.

 

90. 

The Remuneration Committee is tasked to review and 

recommend to the Board the general remuneration 

framework as well as the specific remuneration 

for each Director and for each key executive. The 

composition and summary terms of reference of 

the Remuneration Committee are provided on  

Page 76 of this Annual Report. No Director is involved 

in the deliberations regarding any remuneration, 

compensation or any form of benefits to be granted 

to himself/herself.

 

91. 

The 

Remuneration 

Committee 

members 

are  

well-versed in executive compensation matters, 

given their extensive experience in senior corporate 

positions and major appointments. They also have 

access to expert advice from external independent 

remuneration consultants, where necessary. The 

Remuneration Committee will ensure that existing 

relationships, if any, between the Company and its 

appointed remuneration consultants will not affect 

the independence and objectivity of the remuneration 

consultants. 

92. 

In 2019, Willis Towers Watson provided independent 

advisory services on the Group’s compensation 

framework to ensure greater alignment of pay policies 

and practices with market and regulatory standards. 

Willis Towers Watson is not related to the Company 

and the Company is not aware of any business or 

personal relationship between Willis Towers Watson 

and the Company’s Directors and key management 

executives. 

93. 

The Company does not provide any termination, 

retirement and post-employment benefits to its key 

management personnel.

Principle 7: Level and Mix of Remuneration

The level and structure of remuneration of the Board 

and key management personnel are appropriate and 

proportionate to the sustained performance and value 

creation of the company, taking into account the 

strategic objectives of the company.

Remuneration of non-executive Directors

94. 

The non-executive Directors are paid Directors’ fees, 

which take into account factors such as the Directors’ 

contributions, effort and time spent, attendance 

at meetings and the frequency of meetings, the 

respective responsibilities of the Directors including 

the Board Committees on which they serve, market 

practices and the need to pay competitive fees to 

attract, retain and motivate Directors. 

 

95. 

The Remuneration Committee performs an annual 

review of the structure for Directors’ fees and of the 

computation of the aggregate Directors’ fees based 

on the earlier Board-approved fee structure, before 

recommending any proposed changes to the Board 

for endorsement. The Directors’ fees proposed by 

the Board each year are subject to shareholders’ 

approval at the Company’s AGM.

 

96. 

In its review of the non-executive Directors’ 

remuneration, the Remuneration Committee can 

seek expert advice, if necessary. No consultant 

was engaged in 2019 to provide advice on the 

remuneration of non-executive Directors.

97. 

The Remuneration Committee has considered 

the market practices for non-executive Directors’ 

compensation and, on its recommendation, the 

Board has decided to use the same fee structure for 

computing the fee for each non-executive Director for 

FY2019 as that used in the previous financial year (in 

the table set out on the next page):

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

84


CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE REPORT 

As at 28 February 2020

Annual 

retainer

Board

Chairman

$300,000

Member

$75,000

Board 

Committees

Chairman:

• Audit Committee

• Executive Committee

• Risk Management 

Committee

$60,000

Chairman:

• Nominating Committee

• Remuneration 

Committee

$30,000

Member:

• Audit Committee

• Executive Committee

• Risk Management 

Committee 

$30,000

Member:

• Nominating Committee

• Remuneration 

Committee

$15,000

Attendance fees per Board or Board 

Committee meeting

$3,000

Attendance fees are paid to non-executive Directors to 

recognise their contributions and time spent in attending 

meetings.

Remuneration policy in respect of Key Senior Management 

Executives

98. 

The remuneration of the Group CEO and the key 

senior management executives who report directly 

to the Group CEO are reviewed annually by the 

Remuneration Committee, based on the overall 

remuneration framework approved by the Board. 

 

99. 

In such annual reviews, the Remuneration Committee 

takes into consideration factors such as market 

competitiveness and market benchmark, and that 

the remuneration is commensurate with individual 

performance and contribution. The Remuneration 

Committee also takes into account the time horizon of 

risks, such as ensuring that all variable compensation 

payments shall not be fully paid over short periods 

when risks are realised over longer periods. 

 

100. 

As part of the Company’s continuous efforts to 

create sustainable value for stakeholders through  

broad-based growth across its core markets, delivering 

sustained earnings, driving core competencies of 

disciplined risk management, prudent investment 

and continued upgrading of technology and people, 

and ensuring sustainable business practices, the 

performance measures set for each business 

unit embeds these objectives, which match their 

functions and are consistent with the Group’s risk 

appetite. In determining the remuneration of key 

senior management executives, risk and control 

indicators as well as audit findings and compliance 

issues are taken into account when assessing their 

overall performance, in addition to their achievement 

in business and operation performance. Executives 

are remunerated based on the achievements of their 

own performance measures, and the demonstration 

of core values and competencies, while taking 

into account market compensation data for their 

respective job roles. 

 

Principle 8: Disclosure on Remuneration

The company is transparent on its remuneration 

policies, level and mix of remuneration, the procedure 

for setting remuneration, and the relationships between 

remuneration, performance and value creation.

 

101. 

To ensure that its remuneration packages are 

competitive, the Company regularly reviews salary 

levels and benefits packages based on market data 

provided by recognised consultants who conduct 

surveys on comparative groups in the financial sector. 

The determination of the Company’s variable bonus 

pool is fully discretionary and the factors taken into 

consideration include financial and non-financial 

metrics such as the Company’s performance, audit 

ratings, risk indicators and compliance issues, market 

conditions and competitive market practices.

 

102. 

The total compensation packages for key senior 

management executives comprise basic salary, 

various performance bonus, allowances, deferred 

share awards and benefits. The variable components 

have been designed to link rewards to corporate 

and individual performance, based on appropriate 

and meaningful performance measures set up by 

the Company, and approved by the Remuneration 

Committee and the Board. 

85

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE REPORT 

As at 28 February 2020

103. 

The annual budget for salary increment and 

performance-related 

variable 

bonus, 

reviewed 

and approved by the Remuneration Committee, 

is submitted to the Board for endorsement and 

approval.

 

104. 

As a consequence of the financial crisis in recent years, 

financial institutions globally have been reviewing 

compensation practices to reduce incentives that 

encourage excessive risk taking. While the Company 

has adopted compensation practices that take into 

account the principles and implementation standards 

issued by the Financial Stability Forum for Sound 

Compensation Practices, it also continues to review 

its compensation practices on an on-going basis to 

further ensure that decisions made are conducive for 

sustained business performance. In its deliberations, 

the Remuneration Committee also takes into account 

the remuneration principles, practices and standards 

that may be specified by MAS from time to time. 

 

105. 

The Company has identified a group of senior 

executives whose authorities and actions are 

deemed to have a major influence on the long term 

performance of the Company. This group, identified 

as “Material Risk Takers” comprises the Group CEO 

and his direct reports, key personnel at business 

units and senior control staff. Employees who are not 

senior staff but are identified as “Material Risk Takers” 

are also included in this group. For the “Material 

Risk Takers” with performance bonuses exceeding 

$100,000, at least 40% of their entire bonuses are 

deferred in the form of shares.

Share-based incentives

106. 

The Company does not have any share option scheme 

or share plan in place. Instead, the Company’s 

holding company, OCBC Bank, grants share awards 

pursuant to the OCBC Deferred Share Plan to 

selected senior executives of the Group, based on 

recommendations of the Remuneration Committee. 

The Company has ceased granting OCBC share 

options to eligible executives with effect from FY2019 

for FY2018 performance.

 

107. 

Details of the share options (granted previously) and 

the award of deferred shares to the Company’s eligible 

executives are disclosed in the financial statements. 

Further details of the above share option scheme and 

share plan are set out in Note 29 of the Notes to the 

Financial Statements and in OCBC Bank’s Annual 

Report. 

108. 

All grants and awards are subject to cancellation 

and clawback if it is determined that they were 

made on the basis of materially inaccurate financial 

statements and/or the employee has engaged in 

conduct that results in financial loss, reputational 

harm, restatement of financial results and/or adverse 

changes of the Company's risk profile/rating.

 

Disclosure 

on 

Directors’ 

and 

the 

Group 

CEO’s 

remuneration

109. 

The remuneration of each individual Director and 

the Group CEO in respect of FY2019 is shown in the 

table on the next page. Non-executive Directors will 

be paid Directors’ fees totalling $2,181,000 in respect 

of FY2019, subject to shareholders’ approval at the 

2020 AGM. For the financial year ended 31 December 

2018, non-executive Directors were paid Directors’ 

fees totalling $2,263,000.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

86


CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE REPORT 

As at 28 February 2020

Directors’ and the Group CEO’s remuneration for FY2019 

Total 

Remuneration

(Great Eastern 

Group)

Directors’

Fees

(GEH)

Directors’

Fees

(Subsidiaries)

Salary

Bonuses(1)

Long-term 

incentives(2)

Benefits-

in-kind(3)

Name

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

Directors

Koh Beng Seng

525

513

–

–

–

–

12

Norman Ip(4)

350

173

177

–

–

–

–

Law Song Keng 

234

234

–

–

–

–

–

Lee Fook Sun

223

223

–

–

–

–

–

Kyle Lee Khai Fatt(5)

230

192

38

–

–

–

–

Soon Tit Koon

147

147

–

–

–

–

–

Teoh Lian Ee

147

147

–

–

–

–

–

Thean Nam Yew

201

201

–

–

–

–

–

Samuel N. Tsien(6)

210

210

–

–

–

–

–

Wee Joo Yeow

141

141

–

–

–

–

–

Group CEO

Khor Hock Seng

3,787

–

–

1,100

1,350

992

345

 

 

 

 

Notes:

(1) Bonuses comprise variable bonus paid in 2019.

(2) Represents fair value of grant of share options under the OCBC Share Option Scheme 2001, award of deferred shares under the OCBC Deferred Share Plan 

and long-term incentive take-out.

(3) Represents non-cash-component and comprises housing allowance, car, club, insurance benefits and employer’s contribution to the Central Provident 

Fund.

(4) Mr Norman Ip received Director’s fees for his board service in respect of GEH subsidiaries in Singapore and Malaysia.

(5) Mr Kyle Lee Khai Fatt received Director’s fees for his board service in respect of a GEH subsidiary in Singapore. 

(6)  The Director’s fees attributable to Mr Samuel N. Tsien is payable to OCBC Bank.

Remuneration of Top Five Key Management Personnel 

in 2019

110. 

The Code recommends the disclosure of the 

individual remuneration of the Company’s top five key 

management personnel as well as their aggregate 

remuneration. The Board considered this matter 

carefully and has decided against such a disclosure 

for the time being as it is not a standard business 

practice to do so, having taken into account the highly 

competitive conditions for talent in the industry.

Remuneration of Immediate Family of Directors / Group 

CEO / Substantial Shareholder

111. 

None of the Directors or the Group CEO of the 

Company had immediate family members who 

were employees of the Company in 2019. As the 

Company’s substantial shareholder, OCBC Bank, is 

not an individual, the disclosure on remuneration of 

employees who are immediate family of substantial 

shareholders is not applicable.

ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

Principle 9: Risk Management and Internal Controls

The Board is responsible for the governance of risk and 

ensures that Management maintains a sound system of 

risk management and internal controls, to safeguard the 

interests of the company and its shareholders.

112. 

The Board is responsible for the governance of 

risk. It sets the tone for the Company’s risk culture 

and monitors, through the Risk Management 

Committee, the effectiveness and adequacy of the 

risk management processes and systems of the 

Company and its principal subsidiaries. The Board 

approves the Company’s risk appetite and has 

oversight of the risk activities to ensure that the 

Company’s strategic intent, operating environment, 

internal control mechanisms and capital sufficiency 

are consistent with the Company’s risk appetite and 

regulatory standards.

87

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE REPORT 

As at 28 February 2020

113. 

The Board of Directors emphasizes the importance 

of institutionalising a strong risk culture within the 

Company. As a subset of the broader organisational 

culture, a strong risk culture supports appropriate risk 

awareness, bolsters effective risk management and 

promotes sound risk taking to ensure the Company’s 

risk profile remains within its risk appetite. The Board 

also approves the risk culture principles and, along 

with it, the set of desired risk culture behaviors 

to support the target risk culture throughout the 

Company. 

 

Accountability

114. 

The Company has in place a process for Management 

to represent to the Board on the integrity of the 

Company’s and the Group’s financial statement and 

internal control system in relation to the requirement 

under the listing manual of the SGX-ST for the Board 

to issue an assurance statement that accompanies 

the Company’s announcements of its quarterly and 

full year financial results.

 

115. 

The Board is kept apprised of material changes in 

legislations and regulatory requirements, including 

requirements under the listing manual of the  

SGX-ST. The Board takes necessary steps to ensure 

that the Company complies with these requirements. 

In compliance with the SGX-ST Listing Rule 720(1), 

the Company has procured undertakings from its 

Directors and key executive officers in the form 

prescribed by the SGX-ST.

 

116. 

To keep Board members informed and updated, 

Management provides the Board with monthly 

financial updates on the performance and position 

of the Group. The Board is also updated on any 

significant events that have occurred or affected the 

industry during the year.

Internal Controls

117. 

The Board is responsible for ensuring that the 

Company’s system of internal controls is adequate 

to safeguard shareholders’ interests and the 

Company’s assets. The Company has established 

self-assessment processes for all business units 

to assess the adequacy and effectiveness of their 

systems and processes of internal controls, and 

their level of compliance with applicable rules and 

regulations. The results of evaluations are reviewed 

by senior management executives. The Board has 

received assurance from the Group CEO (which 

includes assurance provided by key management 

personnel to the Group CEO) on the effectiveness of 

the Company’s risk management and internal control 

systems. The Board also received assurance from the 

Group CEO and Group CFO that the financial records 

have been properly maintained and the financial 

statements give a true and fair view of the Company’s 

operations and financial position.

 

118. 

Based on the internal controls established and 

maintained by the Group, work performed by the 

internal and external auditors, and reviews performed 

by Management and various Board Committees, 

the Board, with the concurrence of the Audit and 

Risk Management Committees, is of the view that 

the system of internal controls, including financial, 

operational, compliance and information technology 

controls as well as risk management systems, was 

adequate and effective as at 31 December 2019, to 

address the risks which the Group considers relevant 

and material to its operations.  

 

119. 

The system of internal controls provides reasonable, 

but not absolute, assurance that the Group will 

not be adversely affected by any event that could 

be reasonably foreseen as it strives to achieve its 

business objectives. However, the Board also notes 

that no system of internal controls can provide 

absolute assurance in this regard, or absolute 

assurance against the occurrence of material errors, 

poor judgment in decision-making, human error, 

losses, fraud or other irregularities. 

Principle 10: Audit Committee

The Board has an Audit Committee which discharges its 

duties objectively. 

 

120. 

The composition of the Audit Committee is provided 

under the caption “Audit Committee” on Page 75 of 

this Annual Report. The Audit Committee adopts, 

where appropriate, relevant best practices set out in 

the Guidebook for Audit Committees in Singapore. 

 

121. 

The responsibilities of the Audit Committee are set 

out in its Board-approved terms of reference. The 

functions performed by the Audit Committee and 

details of the Audit Committee’s activities during 

FY2019 included the following:

 

 

121.1 Reviewed with internal auditors:

121.1.1 their audit plans, evaluation of the 

system of internal controls and audit 

reports;

121.1.2 the scope and results of internal 

audits; and

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

88


CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE REPORT 

As at 28 February 2020

121.1.3 the assistance given by the officers 

of the Company and the Group to the 

auditors.

 

121.2 Reviewed with the external auditor:

121.2.1 the audited financial statements of 

the Company and the Group for the 

financial year, which are prepared 

in accordance with the Singapore 

Financial 

Reporting 

Standards 

(International) (“SFRS(I)”) and SFRS(I) 

Interpretations, for submission to the 

Board for consideration and approval 

thereafter;

121.2.2 their 

scope 

and 

overall 

audit 

procedures and cost effectiveness, 

and 

their 

independence 

and 

objectivity taking into consideration 

factors including the nature and 

extent of non-audit services provided 

by them;

121.2.3 the implications and impact on the 

financial statements of proposed 

implementation of new financial 

reporting standards and any changes 

in accounting policies and regulatory 

requirements; and

121.2.4 any significant financial reporting 

issues, to ensure the integrity of the 

financial statements of the Company 

and the Group, and reviewed the 

draft 

announcement 

relating 

to 

the financial performance of the 

Company and the Group.

 

 

121.3 Reviewed the audited financial statements 

with Management, including discussion on 

the accounting policies applied and significant 

judgments affecting the financial statements. 

The following key audit matters highlighted 

in the Independent Auditor’s Report on 

Pages 103 to 105 of this Annual Report were 

also discussed with Management and the 

external auditor:

121.3.1 Valuation of financial investments 

and 

continuous 

application 

of 

SFRS(I) 9  – The Audit Committee 

has 

reviewed 

the 

valuation 

methodology 

for 

investments, 

Management’s 

computation 

of 

impairment 

using 

the 

approved 

expected credit loss methodology, 

and the appropriateness of related 

disclosures. The Committee also 

held discussions with Management 

to ensure investment related policies, 

controls and operation processes 

are in place for proper valuation of 

financial investments.

121.3.2 Valuation 

of 

insurance 

contract 

liabilities – The Audit Committee 

has reviewed the insurance contract 

liabilities, and the key assumptions 

and judgments made in valuing 

these liabilities.  The Committee 

considered 

information 

on 

key 

assumptions 

such 

as 

mortality, 

morbidity, lapse rate, expense, loss 

ratio etc. The review included the 

methodology used in the valuation of 

the liabilities, rationale for changes to 

key assumptions during the year and 

explanation on the variances against 

past trends.

121.3.3 Valuation of provision for current and 

deferred tax and tax compliance – 

The Audit Committee has reviewed 

Management’s 

analysis 

of 

the 

changes in tax and deferred tax 

provision during the year.  The 

Committee also considered the input 

from Management on the adequacy 

of the provision.

 

No significant issue arose in respect of these items.

 

 

121.4 Reviewed the findings of internal and external 

auditors on their reviews of the adequacy and 

effectiveness of the internal controls and risk 

management systems of the Company and 

its principal subsidiaries, including financial, 

operational, 

compliance 

and 

information 

technology controls and systems established 

by Management.

121.5 Reviewed the assurance from the Group CEO 

and Group CFO on the financial records and 

financial statements.

121.6 Assessed the adequacy and effectiveness of 

the internal audit functions of the Company 

and its principal subsidiaries.

89

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE REPORT 

As at 28 February 2020

121.7 Assessed the independence of external and 

internal auditors.

121.8 Made recommendations to the Board on the 

re-appointment of the external auditor and 

approved the remuneration and terms of 

engagement of the external auditor.

121.9 Reviewed material and/or special related 

party transactions and the write-off of material 

related party transactions as may be required 

by the relevant regulatory authorities, and 

recommend to the Board for approval.

121.10 Reviewed interested person transactions as 

may be required by the relevant regulatory 

authorities as well as transactions that will be 

disclosed in the Annual Report.

 

122. 

The Audit Committee undertook a review of all 

relationships between the Group and the external 

auditor (including non-audit services provided by the 

external auditor) for FY2019, and is satisfied that the 

provision of such non-audit services would not, in 

its opinion, affect the independence of the external 

auditor. Please refer to Note 7 of the Notes to the 

Financial Statements for details of fees payable to 

the external auditor in respect of audit and non-audit 

services.

 

123. 

The Audit Committee noted that the current external 

auditor, EY, has served as external auditor of the 

Company since its incorporation in 1999.  In line 

with good corporate governance practice, the Audit 

Committee is of the view that a change of external 

auditor is in the best interests of the Company and 

its shareholders. Taking into consideration the 

requirement of the listing manual of the SGX-ST, the 

Audit Committee initiated an audit tender exercise 

in FY2018. Information on the tender exercise and 

subsequent decision and rationale for recommending 

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP for nomination as 

external auditor commencing financial year ending 

31 December 2020 were disclosed in the Company’s 

2018 Annual Report. The scope of audit services to 

be provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP will be 

comparable to those currently provided by EY. The 

proposed appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers 

LLP as external auditor of the Company will be 

presented for shareholders’ approval at the 2020 

AGM. The Company has complied with Rules 712 

and 715 of the listing manual of the SGX-ST in relation 

to its external auditor. 

124. 

The Audit Committee, in performing its functions, 

met at least annually with the internal and external 

auditors in separate sessions without the presence 

of Management, to consider any other matters which 

may be raised privately. The auditors, both internal 

and external, have unrestricted access to the Audit 

Committee, and to information and such persons 

within the Group as necessary to conduct the audit.

Whistle-Blowing Policy

125. 

The Group has a whistle-blowing policy in place 

whereby staff of the Group and external parties may 

raise concerns on possible improprieties in matters 

of financial reporting or other matters in confidence. 

The whistle-blowing policy and procedures for 

raising such concerns are disclosed and clearly 

communicated to employees. All whistle-blowing 

incidents will be reported to the Audit Committee. 

Concerns expressed anonymously will be considered 

and investigated on the basis of their merits. The Audit 

Committee ensures that arrangements are in place 

for the independent investigation of such matters 

and for appropriate follow-up action. If fraud is 

determined, appropriate remedial action will be taken 

and the Audit Committee will be updated regularly 

on its status. The whistle-blower will have protection 

against reprisals provided he/she has acted in good 

faith.

Internal Audit

126. 

The internal audit function (“Group Internal Audit”) 

serves to provide the Board and Management 

with an independent appraisal of the reliability, 

adequacy and effectiveness of the system of internal 

controls established by Management, to ensure that 

transactions are promptly and accurately recorded 

and that the Group’s assets are safeguarded. Group 

Internal Audit resides in-house and is independent 

of the activities it audits. The Audit Manual and 

Audit Frequency Matrix are approved by the Audit 

Committee. 

 

127. 

Group Internal Audit adopts a risk-based approach 

where audit work is prioritised and scoped according 

to an assessment of risk exposures, including not 

only financial risks, but operational, technology, 

compliance and strategic risks as well. The work 

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

90


CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE REPORT 

As at 28 February 2020

undertaken by Group Internal Audit involves the 

assessment of the adequacy and effectiveness of 

the Group’s risk management and internal control 

framework, including ascertaining if the internal 

controls are sufficient in ensuring prompt and 

accurate recording of transactions and the adequate 

safeguarding of assets. Reviews conducted by Group 

Internal Audit also focus on the Group’s compliance 

with relevant laws and regulations, adherence to 

established policies and processes and whether 

Management has taken appropriate measures to 

address control deficiencies. 

 

128. 

The Group Chief Internal Auditor reports to the 

Chairman of the Audit Committee and administratively 

to the Group CEO. His annual remuneration, 

evaluation, appointment, resignation and removal are 

approved by the Audit Committee. 

 

129. 

Group Internal Audit is staffed by executives with 

the relevant qualifications and experience, and the 

Audit Committee ensures that Group Internal Audit 

is adequately resourced. Group Internal Audit has 

unfettered access to the Board, the Audit Committee 

and senior management executives, where necessary, 

and has the right to seek information and explanations 

as well as access to all the Company’s documents, 

records, properties and personnel. Group Internal 

Audit meets or exceeds the International Standards 

for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing of 

The Institute of Internal Auditors.

 

130. 

Group Internal Audit reports to the Audit Committee 

its annual or periodic plan and the proposed areas 

of audit focus, factors that may adversely affect the 

Group Internal Audit’s independence, objectivity 

or effectiveness and material findings from audits 

conducted. During the year, Group Internal Audit 

carried out audits on selected significant business 

units in the Group, including an audit review of 

the IT systems. Group Internal Audit’s summary 

of major findings and recommendations and 

Management’s related responses were discussed 

at Audit Committee meetings. The Audit Committee 

ensures that procedures are in place to follow-up on 

the recommendations by Group Internal Audit in a 

timely manner and to closely monitor any outstanding 

issues. The Audit Committee also reviews annually 

the adequacy, independence and effectiveness of the 

internal audit function. 

SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND ENGAGEMENT

Principle 11: Shareholder Rights and Conduct of General 

Meetings 

The company treats all shareholders fairly and equitably 

in order to enable them to exercise shareholders’ 

rights and have the opportunity to communicate their 

views on matters affecting the company. The company 

gives shareholders a balanced and understandable 

assessment of its performance, position and prospects. 

131. 

The Board is responsible for the provision of a 

balanced and understandable assessment of the 

performance, position and prospects of the Company 

and the Group, including financial statements and 

other reports. 

 

132. 

In FY2019, the Board provided to shareholders, on 

a quarterly basis, the financial statements of the 

Company and the Group for the first, second and 

third quarters of the year and for the full year, as 

applicable, together with a balanced review of the 

Company and the Group’s performance, position 

and prospects. These financial reports and other 

price-sensitive information were disseminated to 

shareholders through announcements via SGXNET to 

the SGX-ST, then posted on the Company’s website 

www.greateasternlife.com and also made available in 

media releases. 

Communication with Shareholders

133. 

Shareholders may download the Company’s Annual 

Report (printed copies are available upon request) 

from the Company’s website www.greateasternlife.com. 

All registered shareholders of the Company will 

receive the Notice of AGM within the statutory 

timeline before the AGM. The Notice of AGM is also 

announced via SGXNET and published in the press. 

At the AGM, shareholders are given the opportunity 

to participate effectively by providing feedback and 

raising questions. Shareholders may vote in person at 

the Company’s AGM or at any extraordinary general 

meeting (“EGM”) or by proxy if they are unable 

to attend. The Company’s Constitution provides 

that shareholders may appoint not more than two 

proxies to attend and speak at the Company’s AGM 

and/or EGM and to vote in their stead. Relevant 

intermediaries has the meaning ascribed to it in 

Section 181 of the Companies Act (Chapter 50) may 

appoint more than two proxies to attend, speak and 

vote at the Company’s AGM and/or EGM. This will 

91

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE REPORT 

As at 28 February 2020

enable indirect investors, including Central Provident 

Fund Board’s investors to be appointed as proxies to 

participate at general meetings. To ensure authenticity 

of shareholder identity and other related security 

issues, the Company currently does not allow voting 

in absentia by mail, email or fax. 

134. 

Since 2012, the Company has conducted electronic 

poll voting for all resolutions passed at the AGM, 

for greater transparency in the voting process. 

Shareholders are informed of the rules, including 

voting procedures that govern the proceedings of 

general meetings of shareholders. Detailed results 

of the votes, showing the number of votes cast for 

and against each resolution and the respective 

percentages, are instantaneously displayed at the 

Company’s AGM and subsequently announced via 

SGXNET on the same day.

 

135. 

For the Company’s AGM, separate resolutions are 

set out on distinct issues, such as the proposed  

re-election of Directors, proposed Directors’ fees and 

recommendation of final dividend. For the Company’s 

EGM, the proposed corporate action or transaction, 

as applicable, and the rationale and other pertinent 

details for such proposal are set out in a separate 

circular to shareholders, with the proposed resolution 

set out for approval by shareholders at the EGM. The 

Company does not “bundle” resolutions, unless the 

resolutions are interdependent and linked so as to 

form one significant proposal. 

 

136. 

At the Company’s 2019 AGM, the Chairman and 

Directors, the chairpersons of all Board Committees, 

Group CEO, Management and the Company’s 

professional advisers were present and available 

to address queries from shareholders. The external 

auditor is also present to address any shareholders’ 

queries about the conduct of the audit and the 

preparation and content of the auditor’s report. An 

independent scrutineer is engaged to review the 

voting process and address shareholders’ queries on 

the voting procedures. 

 

137. 

The Company Secretary prepares minutes of general 

meetings that include responses from the Board and 

Management to the relevant comments or queries 

from shareholders. The minutes are made available 

on the Company’s website www.greateasternlife.com. 

Dividend Policy

138. 

The Company is committed to maintaining a 

sustainable dividend policy that will enhance  

long-term 

shareholder 

value. 

In 

determining 

the dividend pay-out, the Board will take into 

consideration the Company’s financial position, 

business expansion plans, market conditions and 

capital requirements. The past four years’ dividend 

pay-out and the current year’s proposed dividend 

are respectively set out in the Financial Highlights on 

Page 28 of this Annual Report and Note 36 of the 

Notes to the Financial Statements.

PRINCIPLE 12: ENGAGEMENT WITH SHAREHOLDERS

The 

company 

communicates 

regularly 

with 

its 

shareholders 

and 

facilitates 

the 

participation 

of 

shareholders during general meetings and other 

dialogues to allow shareholders to communicate their 

views on various matters affecting the company. 

 

139. 

The Company recognises that regular, effective, 

timely and fair communication with shareholders 

is essential to enable its shareholders to make 

informed decisions about the Company. The 

Company announces quarterly and full year results 

within the time frame prescribed in the listing manual 

of the SGX-ST. The Company conducts calls with 

analysts on its quarterly results and briefings to the 

media on its full year results. All pertinent material 

and 

price-sensitive 

information 

are 

disclosed 

promptly via SGXNET and posted on the Company’s  

website www.greateasternlife.com. No unpublished  

price-sensitive information is disclosed on a selective 

basis.

 

140. 

The Company’s Annual Report containing the financial 

statements of the Company and the Group for the 

financial year also contains other pertinent information 

and disclosures, including a review of the annual 

operations and activities, to enable shareholders 

and investors to have a better understanding of the 

Group’s business and performance. 

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

92


CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE REPORT 

As at 28 February 2020

141. 

Shareholders and the public can access the 

Company’s website www.greateasternlife.com for 

the latest media releases, financial results, quarterly 

results presentation materials, annual reports and 

other corporate information on the Company. The 

Group’s corporate structure and the Company’s 

vision and mission statements can also be found 

in the Company’s website. Investors can submit 

feedback and queries to the Company’s Investor 

Relations Unit through the contact details provided 

on the Company’s website. The Investor Relations 

personnel 

communicate 

with 

the 

Company’s 

investors and respond to their queries on published 

information promptly and effectively. One of the key 

roles of the Group’s Brand and Communications and 

Investor Relations Departments is to keep the market 

and investors apprised of the Group’s major corporate 

developments and financial performance through 

regular media releases, briefings and meetings with 

the media, analysts and fund managers.

MANAGING STAKEHOLDER RELATIONSHIPS

Principle 13: Engagement with Stakeholders

The Board adopts an inclusive approach by considering 

and balancing the needs and interests of  material 

stakeholders, as part of its overall responsibility to 

ensure that the best interests of the company are served.

 

142. 

The 

Company 

recognises 

the 

importance 

of 

maintaining positive stakeholder relationships, and 

adopts an inclusive approach in the management 

and engagement of its stakeholders – namely 

shareholders, customers,  employees, regulators and 

other government agencies, community and financial 

representatives. 

The 

Sustainability 

Report 

on  

Pages 54 to 72 of this Annual Report sets out the 

Company’s approach to stakeholder engagement 

including key areas of focus and how it responds to 

stakeholder concerns.

 

143. 

The Company maintains a corporate website  

– www.greateasternlife.com – to communicate and 

engage with its stakeholders.

DEALINGS IN SECURITIES

144. 

The Company has adopted internal codes and 

policies on dealings in the Company’s securities in 

line with the relevant rules set out in the listing manual 

of the SGX-ST. As an enhancement of our policies 

and controls on insider trading, the Company has 

included the trading of securities of OCBC Bank 

during the black-out period. The Directors, executives 

of the Company and of the Group and employees are 

periodically reminded, not to deal in the securities 

of the Company and OCBC Bank for the period 

commencing one month before the Company’s 

announcement of financial results for the year (to the 

date of the announcement of the relevant results of 

OCBC Bank); and for the period commencing two 

weeks before the announcement of the Company’s 

quarterly results for each of the first three quarters of 

the financial year (to the date of the announcement of 

the relevant results of OCBC Bank). The Company will 

notify Directors, executives of the Company and of 

the Group and employees of each black-out period. 

Directors, executives of the Company and of the 

Group and employees are regularly reminded not to 

deal in securities of the Company, OCBC Bank and/or 

other listed companies at all times if they are privy 

to unpublished material price-sensitive information 

and not to deal in the securities of the Company 

and OCBC Bank on short-term considerations. 

Employees in departments deemed to have access 

to price-sensitive information are instructed to 

conduct all personal securities transactions through 

OCBC Bank’s stockbroking subsidiary for transaction 

monitoring purposes. 

 

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

145. 

The Company has implemented policies and 

procedures on related party transactions covering 

the definitions of relatedness, limits applied, terms of 

transactions, and the authorities and procedures for 

approving, monitoring and, where necessary, writing 

off such transactions. All related party transactions 

are conducted on reasonable commercial terms 

and in the ordinary course of business. The terms 

and conditions of such transactions are carried out 

on an arm’s length basis. Directors with conflicts of 

interest are excluded from the approval process of 

granting and managing related party transactions. 

Material and/or special related party transactions and 

the write-off of material and/or special related party 

transactions are reported to the Audit Committee for 

review and to the Board for approval. 

93

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE REPORT 

As at 28 February 2020

146. 

The Company also complies with the listing manual of 

the SGX-ST on interested person transactions (“IPT”). 

All IPTs are conducted on reasonable commercial 

terms and carried out on an arm’s length basis.

 

147. 

Details of the Company’s related party transactions 

and IPTs during FY2019 are respectively set out in 

Note 31 of the Notes to the Financial Statements and 

Page 218 of this Annual Report.

 

ETHICAL STANDARDS

148. 

The Directors and Management are committed to 

promoting and maintaining values which emphasise 

integrity, honesty and proper conduct at all times in 

the business operations and dealings of the Group. 

The Company has adopted a Code of Conduct 

that sets out the guiding principles and minimum 

standards expected of its employees such as the 

highest standards of conduct and professional 

integrity. The Code of Conduct also provides 

guidance on areas such as responsible stewardship 

of the Company's resources, the Company's position 

against fraudulent conduct, conflicts of interests 

and the appropriate disclosures to be made, and 

maintaining confidentiality of information. The Code of 

Conduct is available on the Company's staff intranet. 

The Group Human Capital Department provides an 

annual attestation to the Audit Committee that the 

Code of Conduct has been properly disseminated to 

all staff.

149. 

The Company has a suite of policies in place for 

proper governance and management that staff 

have to comply with. All policies are prepared in 

accordance with the Company’s risk management 

and internal control systems and processes, including 

Management self-assessment and independent 

audits.

150. 

The Company treats feedback and complaints 

from its customers seriously, and has instituted 

channels whereby customers may provide feedback 

or complaints. The Company aims to resolve 

feedback and complaints professionally and fairly in 

accordance with the service standards indicated on its  

website www.greateasternlife.com. 

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

94


CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE REPORT 

As at 28 February 2020

SUMMARY OF DISCLOSURES

Express disclosure requirements in the provisions of the Code.

Provisions

Paragraph Number 

in Corporate 

Governance Report

Provision 1.2

The induction, training and development provided to new and existing directors.

52 to 55

Provision 1.3

Matters that require Board approval.

4 to 5

Provision 1.4

Names of the Board Committee members, the terms of reference, delegation of the Board’s authority 

to make decisions, and a summary of each Board Committee’s activities.

 

6 to 43

Provision 1.5

The number of Board and Board Committee meetings and each individual director’s attendance at 

such meetings.

46

Provision 2.4

The board diversity policy and progress made towards implementing the board diversity policy, 

including objectives.

71 to 73

Provision 4.3

Process for the selection, appointment and re-appointment of directors to the Board, including the 

criteria used to identify and evaluate potential new directors and channels used in searching for 

appropriate candidates.

79 to 81

Provision 4.4

If the Board determines that a director is independent notwithstanding the existence of a relationship 

with the Company, its related corporations, its substantial shareholders or its officers, which may 

affect his/her independence, the relationships and the Board’s reasons for considering him/her as 

independent.

63 to 64

Provision 4.5

(a) 

Listed company directorships and principal commitments of each director.

(b)  

Where a director holds significant number of such directorships and principal commitments, 

the Nominating Committee and Board should disclose reasoned assessment of the director’s 

ability to diligently discharge his/her duties.

83 and Pages 221 to 

225 under the section 

“Further Information 

on Directors” of this 

Annual Report.

83

Provision 5.2

How the assessments of the Board, its Board Committees and each director have been conducted, 

including the identity of any external facilitator and its connection (if any) with the Company or any 

of its directors.

84 to 86

Provision 6.4

The engagement of any remuneration consultants and their independence.

92

Provision 8.1

Policy and criteria for setting remuneration, as well as names, amounts and breakdown of 

remuneration of:

(a)  

Each individual director and the CEO.

(b)  

At least the top five key management personnel (who are not directors or the CEO) in 

bands no wider than $250,000 and in aggregate the total remuneration paid to these key 

management personnel.

109

110

95

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE REPORT 

As at 28 February 2020

Provisions

Paragraph Number 

in Corporate 

Governance Report

Provision 8.2

Names and remuneration of employees who are substantial shareholders of the Company, or are 

immediate family members of a director, the CEO or a substantial shareholder of the Company, 

and whose remuneration exceeds $100,000 during the year, in bands no wider than $100,000. 

The disclosure states clearly the employee’s relationship with the relevant director or the CEO or 

substantial shareholder.

111

Provision 8.3

All forms of remuneration and other payments and benefits, paid by the Company and its 

subsidiaries to directors and key management personnel of the Company and details of employee 

share schemes.

102 to 110

Provision 9.2

Whether the Board received assurance from:

(a) 

the CEO and the CFO that the financial records have been properly maintained and the 

financial statements give a true and fair view of the Company’s operations and finances; and

(b)  

the CEO and other key management personnel who are responsible, regarding the adequacy 

and effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems.

117

117

Provision 11.3

Directors’ attendance at general meetings of shareholders held during the financial year. 

136

Provision 12.1

The steps the Board has taken to solicit and understand the views of shareholders.

139 to 141

Provision 13.2

The strategy and key areas of focus in relation to the management of stakeholder relationships 

during the reporting period.

142 and 143

Express disclosure requirements in the supplementary guidelines of the MAS CG Guidelines.

Supplementary Guidelines

Paragraph Number 

in Corporate 

Governance Report

Guideline 1.16

An assessment of how the induction, orientation and training provided to new and existing directors 

meet the requirements as set out by the Nominating Committee to equip the Board and the respective 

Board Committees with relevant knowledge and skills in order to perform their roles effectively. 

52 to 55

Guideline 2.13

Names of the members of the Executive Committee and the key terms of reference of the Executive 

Committee, explaining its role and the authority delegated to it by the Board. 

8 to 12

Guideline 4.13

Resignation or dismissal of key appointment holders. 

17

Guideline 4.14

Deviation and explanation for the deviation from the internal guidelines on time commitment referred 

to in Guidelines 4.4 and 4.10. 

83

Guideline 11.14

Names of the members of the Risk Management Committee and the key terms of reference of the 

Risk Management Committee, explaining its role and the authority delegated to it by the Board. 

34 to 43

Guideline 17.4

Material related party transactions. 

145 to 147

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

96


Financial Statements

98

DIRECTORS’  

STATEMENT

102

INDEPENDENT  

AUDITOR’S REPORT

108

CONSOLIDATED  

PROFIT OR LOSS STATEMENT

109

CONSOLIDATED 

STATEMENT OF 

COMPREHENSIVE 

INCOME   

110

BALANCE 

SHEETS

111

STATEMENTS OF 

CHANGES IN EQUITY

114

CONSOLIDATED 

STATEMENT OF  

CASH FLOWS  

116

NOTES TO THE  

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

97

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


The Directors are pleased to present this statement to the members together with the audited consolidated financial 

statements of Great Eastern Holdings Limited (“GEH” or the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) and 

the balance sheet and statement of changes in equity of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2019.

1. 

OPINION OF THE DIRECTORS

In the opinion of the Directors,

(i) 

the consolidated financial statements of the Group and the balance sheet and statement of changes in equity 

of the Company are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of 

the Company as at 31 December 2019 and the financial performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the 

Group and changes in equity of the Company for the financial year ended on that date; and

(ii) 

at the date of this statement there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its 

debts as and when they fall due.

2. 

DIRECTORS 

The Directors of the Company in office at the date of this statement are:

Mr Koh Beng Seng, Chairman 

Mr Norman Ip

Mr Law Song Keng 

Mr Lee Fook Sun 

Mr Kyle Lee Khai Fatt 

Mr Soon Tit Koon 

Mrs Teoh Lian Ee 

Mr Thean Nam Yew 

Mr Samuel N. Tsien 

Mr Wee Joo Yeow 

3. 

ARRANGEMENTS TO ENABLE DIRECTORS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES 

Neither at the end of nor at any time during the financial year was the Company a party to any arrangements whose 

objects are, or one of whose objects is, to enable the Directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of 

the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate, save as disclosed in this 

statement.

DIRECTORS’  

STATEMENT

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

98


4. 

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN SHARES OR DEBENTURES

According to the register of Directors’ shareholdings, the Director who held office at the end of the financial year had 

an interest in shares in, or debentures of, the Company as at the end of the financial year and as at 21 January 2020, 

is as follows: 

Holdings registered in the

name of Directors or in which

Directors have a direct interest

Holdings in which Directors 

are deemed to have an interest

As at 

1.1.2019  

or date of 

appointment

As at 

31.12.2019

As at 

1.1.2019 

or date of  

appointment

As at 

31.12.2019

Ordinary shares in the capital of the Company

Mrs Teoh Lian Ee

–

–

5,000(1)

5,000(1)

The interests in shares in, or debentures of, the Company’s holding company, Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation 

Limited (“OCBC Bank”) and its related corporations, of Directors who held office at the end of the financial year, were 

as follows:

Holdings registered in the

name of Directors or in which

Directors have a direct interest

Holdings in which Directors 

are deemed to have an interest

As at 

1.1.2019  

or date of 

appointment

As at 

31.12.2019

As at  

1.1.2019 

or date of 

appointment

As at 

31.12.2019

Ordinary shares in the capital of OCBC Bank

Mr Norman Ip

4,284

4,493

–

–

Mr Law Song Keng

116,452

122,100

15,249(1)

15,249(1)

Mr Lee Fook Sun

177,742

186,363

–

–

Mr Kyle Lee Khai Fatt

124,638

130,683

–

–

Mr Soon Tit Koon

472

472

–

–

Mrs Teoh Lian Ee

24,711

24,711

299(1)

299(1)

Mr Samuel N. Tsien

1,378,675

1,758,786

615,311(2)

691,216(3)

Mr Wee Joo Yeow

59,808

69,000

4,794(1)

4,794(1)

Notes:

(1) 

Held by spouse.

(2)   

Comprises deemed interest in 608,866 ordinary shares subject to award(s) granted under the OCBC Deferred Share Plan and subscription rights 

over 6,445 ordinary shares granted under the OCBC Employee Share Purchase Plan.

(3)   

Comprises deemed interest in 684,933 ordinary shares subject to award(s) granted under the OCBC Deferred Share Plan and subscription rights 

over 6,283 ordinary shares granted under the OCBC Employee Share Purchase Plan.

DIRECTORS’  

STATEMENT

99

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


4. 

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN SHARES OR DEBENTURES (CONTINUED)

Share options

According to the register of Directors’ shareholdings, as at the beginning and as at the end of the financial year, the 

following Directors had interests in share options to subscribe for ordinary shares in the capital of OCBC Bank under 

the OCBC Share Option Scheme 2001, as follows:

Options held by Directors

Options in which Directors are 

deemed to have an interest

As at  

1.1.2019 

or date of 

appointment

As at 

31.12.2019

As at

1.1.2019 

or date of 

appointment  

As at 

31.12.2019

Mr Samuel N. Tsien

5,034,060

5,034,060

–

–

Save as disclosed above, the Directors holding office at the end of the financial year did not have any interest in 

shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any related corporation either at the beginning of the financial year, date 

of appointment, or at the end of the financial year.

There was no change in any of the above-mentioned interests between the end of the financial year and 21 January 

2020.

5. 

SHARE OPTIONS

The Company does not have any share option scheme in place. 

6. 

AUDIT COMMITTEE 

The Audit Committee (“AC”) comprises four non-executive Directors. The AC members at the date of this statement 

are Mr Kyle Lee Khai Fatt (AC Chairman), Mr Law Song Keng, Mrs Teoh Lian Ee and Mr Thean Nam Yew. The AC 

convened four meetings during the financial year under review.

The AC performs the functions specified under Section 201B(5) of the Companies Act, Chapter 50, including reviewing 

with the auditor its audit plan, its evaluation of the system of internal accounting controls and its audit report, reviewing 

the assistance given by the Company’s officers to the auditor, reviewing the scope and results of the internal audit 

procedures, reviewing the financial statements of the Company and of the Group and the auditor’s report thereon 

prior to their submission to the Company’s Board of Directors.  Details of the functions performed by the AC, including 

functions specified in the SGX-ST Listing Manual, Banking (Corporate Governance) Regulations 2005, Banking 

(Corporate Governance) (Amendment) Regulations 2010, MAS Guidelines on Corporate Governance and the Code of 

Corporate Governance 2018, are set out in the Report on Corporate Governance included in the Company’s Annual 

Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2019. 

The AC has recommended to the Board of Directors the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the incoming 

external auditor of the Company in the financial year 2020 in place with the retiring auditor, Ernst &amp; Young LLP, at the 

forthcoming annual general meeting.

DIRECTORS’  

STATEMENT

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

100


7. 

AUDITOR

The retiring auditor, Ernst &amp; Young LLP, will not be seeking re-appointment at the forthcoming annual general meeting. 

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has expressed its willingness to accept appointment as auditor of the Company.

On behalf of the Board of Directors



 



Koh Beng Seng 

Kyle Lee Khai Fatt

Chairman  

Director

Singapore

18 February 2020

DIRECTORS’  

STATEMENT

101

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OPINION

We have audited the financial statements of Great Eastern Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively, 

the “Group”), which comprise the balance sheets of the Group and the Company as at 31 December 2019, the Group’s 

profit or loss statement, statement of comprehensive income and the statement of cash flows, and statements of changes in 

equity of the Group and the Company for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary 

of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Group, the balance sheet and the statement of 

changes in equity of the Company are properly drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, Chapter 

50 (the Act) and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) (SFRS(I)s) so as to give a true and fair view of the 

consolidated financial position of the Group and the financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2019 and of the 

consolidated financial performance, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of the Group, and changes 

in equity of the Company for the year ended on that date.

BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Singapore Standards on Auditing (SSAs). Our responsibilities under those 

standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our 

report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA) 

Code of Professional Conduct and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities (ACRA Code) together with the 

ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Singapore, and we have fulfilled our other 

ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ACRA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we 

have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS 

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial 

statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as 

a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter 

below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section 

of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed 

to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements. The results of our audit 

procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the 

accompanying financial statements.

INDEPENDENT 

AUDITOR’S REPORT

To the Members of Great Eastern Holdings Limited

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

102


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED) 

Valuation of financial investments and continuous application of SFRS(I) 9

The Group’s financial assets comprise mainly debt and equity securities. These instruments are measured at fair value with 

the corresponding fair value changes recognized in either other comprehensive income or, profit or loss. The valuation is 

performed by the Group using inputs which have been classified in accordance with the fair value hierarchy stated in SFRS(I) 

13, Fair Value Measurement. The fair value hierarchy is disclosed in Note 34. 

The valuation of investments is inherently subjective and exercise of significant judgement in determining fair value is 

required, particularly for the Level 2 and Level 3 investments since these are valued based on inputs other than observable 

quoted prices. As such, we determined this to be significant to our audit. As at 31 December 2019, the Level 2 and Level 3 

investments amounted to $24.9 billion and $2.0 billion respectively.

Our audit procedures, focused on the valuation of these financial investments, included the following, amongst others:

• 

assessing the processes and controls relating to valuation of these financial investments, including the methods and 

assumptions used to value the underlying investments, and their valuations review process; 

• 

recalculating the valuations using external quotes where available, or with reference to alternative valuation methods 

used by other market participants on a sample of investments; and

• 

ascertaining that investments are properly valued and disclosed in the Group’s financial statements in accordance 

with SFRS(I) 9, SFRS(I) 7 and SFRS(I) 13;

Our audit procedures indicate that the valuation of these investments are reasonable and are in accordance with the 

requirements of the accounting standards.

Our audit procedures in focusing on the continuous application of SFRS(I) 9 included the following, amongst others:

Classification and Measurement (“C&amp;M”)

• 

assessing the Group’s SFRS(I) 9 C&amp;M methodology and accounting policies including its tests relating to (1) business 

model, – the Group’s consideration for asset type, duration to maturity and portfolio management, and (2) solely 

payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”) – how the Group determines the contractual cashflows of the financial 

assets, for consistency with SFRS(I) 9 requirements.

Impairment

• 

assessing the Group’s expected credit loss (“ECL”) methodology including but not limited to the Group’s key inputs- 

historical losses and various forward-looking assumptions to evaluate whether this is consistent with SFRS(I) 9 

requirements; and

• 

evaluating the design of the ECL model based on the approved ECL methodology, including the model build, approval 

process, ongoing monitoring, validation, model governance as well as arithmetic accuracy.

We also assessed whether the related disclosures comply with the relevant SFRS(I) disclosure requirements, including 

valuation sensitivity analysis and fair value hierarchy. The Group’s disclosures related to financial investments are included in 

Note 2.17 (Financial assets), Note 2.20 (Determination of fair value of financial instruments) and Note 34 (Fair value of assets 

and liabilities). Our audit procedures on the disclosures showed that they were in compliance with the relevant disclosure 

requirements.

INDEPENDENT 

AUDITOR’S REPORT

To the Members of Great Eastern Holdings Limited

103

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED) 

Valuation of life insurance contract liabilities

As at 31 December 2019, the Group has $72.1 billion of life insurance contract liabilities, which represents 82.1% of the 

Group’s total liabilities. The valuation of life insurance contract liabilities involves significant judgement over uncertain future 

outcomes, including primarily the timing and occurrence of ultimate full settlement of life insurance contract liabilities. The 

Company uses valuation models and assumptions to support the calculations of the life insurance contract liabilities. 

The complexity of the models may give rise to inaccurate calculations as a result of inappropriate and incomplete data, or 

assumptions used or inappropriate design or application of the models. Economic assumptions such as investment return 

and interest rates, and non-economic assumptions such as mortality, morbidity, expenses, policyholders’ behavior and claims 

experience are some of the key inputs used to estimate these life insurance contract liabilities. Changes in assumptions used 

may result in material impact to the valuation of these life insurance contract liabilities. In addition to analyzing historical 

experiences, significant management judgement is also involved in setting these assumptions.

We used internal actuarial specialists to assist us in performing the following procedures. Our audit procedures included, 

amongst others:

• 

assessing the processes and tested specialist controls relating to the actuarial valuation process, including 

management’s determination and approval process for setting of economic and non-economic actuarial assumptions; 

• 

assessing the appropriateness of the actuarial valuation methodologies and assumptions used by the management 

against regulatory requirements and industry practices, where applicable;

• 

comparing assumptions used by management against the Group’s experiences and market observable data, where 

applicable;

• 

assessing whether changes made to the actuarial models are in line with our understanding of business developments, 

and our expectations derived from the Group’s or market experience;

• 

reviewing reasonableness of the actuarial reserves being set up by performing an analytical review on the results; and

• 

reviewing a selection of the Group’s independent testing of actuarial models used for reserve calculations, comparing 

assumptions used by management against the Group’s experiences and market observable data, where applicable.

Based on the work performed, we considered the valuation methodologies and the assumptions used to be appropriate.

We also considered whether the disclosures in relation to life insurance contract liabilities comply with the relevant SFRS(I) 

disclosure requirements. The Group’s disclosures related to life insurance liabilities are included in Note 2.9.3 (Life insurance 

contract liabilities), Note 2.29.1 (a) (Critical accounting estimates and assumptions on liabilities of insurance business), Note 

15.1 (Life insurance contracts) and Note 33 (Insurance risk). Our audit procedures on the disclosures showed that they were 

in accordance with the relevant disclosure requirements.

Valuation of non-life insurance contract liabilities

As at 31 December 2019, the Group has $263.5 million of non-life insurance contract liabilities, which represents 0.3% of 

the Group’s total liabilities. Non-life insurance contract liabilities, which include the Group’s loss reserves and unexpired risk 

reserve, are determined based on previous claims experience, existing knowledge of events, the terms and conditions of 

the relevant policies and interpretation of circumstances. Estimates are made for both the expected ultimate cost of claims 

reported at the balance sheet date, and for the expected ultimate cost of claims incurred but not yet reported (IBNR) at the 

balance sheet date.

The estimation of non-life insurance contract liabilities are sensitive to various factors and uncertainties. Significant 

management judgement is applied in setting these assumptions.

INDEPENDENT 

AUDITOR’S REPORT

To the Members of Great Eastern Holdings Limited

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

104


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED) 

Valuation of non-life insurance contract liabilities (continued)

We used internal actuarial specialists to assist us in performing the following procedures. Our audit procedures included, 

amongst others:

• 

comparing the actuarial valuation methodologies and assumptions used by the management with industry data, and 

against recognized actuarial practices;

• 

reviewing the assumptions used by the Certifying Actuary and rationale for conclusions made thereon;

• 

assessing consistency of valuation methodologies applied against prior years; 

• 

assessing whether changes made to the actuarial models are in line with our understanding of business developments, 

and our expectations derived from market experience; and

• 

performing independent analysis and re-computation of the non-life insurance contract liabilities of selected classes 

of business. We focused on the largest and most uncertain reserves. We compared our independent analysis to those 

performed by the management and enquired with management significant differences noted, if any.

Based on the work performed, we considered the methodology and assumptions used by management to be appropriate. 

We considered whether the disclosures in relation to non-life insurance contract liabilities comply with the relevant disclosure 

requirements.  The Group’s disclosures related to non-life insurance liabilities are included in 2.9.4 (Non-life insurance 

contract liabilities), Note 2.29.1 (a) (Critical accounting estimates and assumptions on liabilities of insurance business), Note 

15.2 (Non-life insurance contracts) and Note 33 (Insurance Risk). Our audit procedures on the disclosures noted that they 

were in compliance with the relevant requirements.

Valuation of provision for current and deferred tax and tax compliance

As at 31 December 2019, the Group has recognized provision for tax and deferred tax liabilities of $558.0 million and 

$1,543.0 million respectively. The taxation rules and regulations governing the insurance industry are complex and evolving. 

There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain as it involved significant 

management judgment in determining the deductibility of certain expenses during the estimation of provision for income 

taxes. The final tax outcome for open years of assessment may therefore be different from the amounts that were initially 

recorded and result in either tax refunds, write-backs of tax provisions or further taxes to be imposed. As such, the valuation 

of the income tax is significant to our audit.

Our audit procedures included, amongst others:  

• 

involving our internal tax experts in assessing the veracity of the bases used to determine the tax positions. We 

corroborated these bases with supporting evidence, historical accuracy of management’s assumptions used and 

estimation process;

• 

reviewing correspondences with the tax authorities to identify potential tax exposures, including identifying uncertain 

tax positions and resolution of outstanding tax matters; and

• 

assessing the adequacy of the Group's disclosures on provision for tax and deferred tax.

Based on the work performed and assistance from our internal tax experts, we consider that the Group’s provision for tax and 

deferred tax are appropriately accounted for in accordance with the requirements of the accounting standards.

The Group’s disclosures related to provision for tax, and deferred taxation are included in Note 2.11 (Taxes), Note 8 (Income 

tax). Our audit procedures on the disclosures noted that they were in accordance with the relevant SFRS(l) disclosure 

requirements.

INDEPENDENT 

AUDITOR’S REPORT

To the Members of Great Eastern Holdings Limited

105

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


OTHER INFORMATION

Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises of information included in the annual 

report other than the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. We obtained all the other information prior to 

the date of our auditor’s report except for the Key Figures, Key Executives, Financial Highlights, Embedded Value, Human 

Capital, Corporate Governance Report, Additional Information, Shareholding Statistics and Sustainability report, collectively, 

“Other Reports”, which are expected to be made available to us after the date of our auditor’s report.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not express any form of 

assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified above and, 

in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge 

obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report, 

we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have 

nothing to report in this regard.

When we read the Other Reports, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to communicate 

the matter to those charged with governance and take appropriate actions in accordance with SSAs.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT AND DIRECTORS FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with 

the provisions of the Act and SFRS(I)s, and for devising and maintaining a system of internal accounting controls sufficient 

to provide a reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition; and 

transactions are properly authorized and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair 

financial statements and to maintain accountability of assets.

In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going 

concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless 

management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors’ responsibilities include overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material 

misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance 

is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SSAs will always detect a 

material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually 

or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of 

these financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with SSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism 

throughout the audit. We also:

• 

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design 

and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate 

to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than 

for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the 

override of internal control.

INDEPENDENT 

AUDITOR’S REPORT

To the Members of Great Eastern Holdings Limited

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

106


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

• 

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 

in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal 

control.

• 

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 

disclosures made by management.

• 

Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the 

audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant 

doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we 

are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such 

disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to 

the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a 

going concern.

• 

Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and 

whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair 

presentation.

• 

Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities 

within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, 

supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant 

audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding 

independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on 

our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit 

of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our 

auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, 

we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would 

reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS 

In our opinion, the accounting and other records required by the Act to be kept by the Company and by those subsidiary 

corporations incorporated in Singapore of which we are the auditors have been properly kept in accordance with the 

provisions of the Act.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Shekaran K Krishnan.



Ernst &amp; Young LLP

Public Accountants and

Chartered Accountants

Singapore

18 February 2020

INDEPENDENT 

AUDITOR’S REPORT

To the Members of Great Eastern Holdings Limited

107

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note

2019

2018

Income

Gross premiums

 11,769.5 

 12,239.2 

less: Premiums ceded to reinsurers

 592.3 

 379.1 

less: Increase in premium liabilities

15

 12.6 

 11.4 

Net premiums

 11,164.6 

 11,848.7 

Commissions received from reinsurers

 76.8 

 71.6 

Investment income, net

4

 2,712.2 

 2,624.3 

Rental income, net

 53.3 

 53.6 

Fees and other income

 76.2 

 77.5 

Gain/(loss) on sale of investments and changes in fair value

5

 4,601.8 

 (2,630.8)

Change in third-party interests in consolidated investment funds

 (10.3)

 10.9 

Gain on disposal of subsidiary

24

 3.5 

 – 

(Loss)/gain on exchange differences

 (37.7)

 39.2 

Total income

 18,640.4 

 12,095.0 

less: Expenses

Gross claims, surrenders and annuities

 6,810.9 

 6,570.2 

Claims, surrenders and annuities recovered from reinsurers

 (297.7)

 (218.0)

Commissions and distribution expenses

 1,150.4 

 1,012.0 

Increase/(decrease) in provision for impairment of assets

7

 28.5 

 (40.4)

Management and other expenses

 663.4 

 531.5 

Interest expense

 18.3 

 18.3 

Agents' retirement benefits

6

 42.3 

 27.8 

Depreciation and amortisation expenses

7

 73.5 

 56.7 

Change in insurance contract liabilities

15

 8,553.2 

 3,188.2 

Tax attributable to policyholders' returns

8

 403.8 

 40.1 

Total expenses

 17,446.6 

 11,186.4 

Profit before share of loss of associates

 1,193.8 

 908.6 

Share of loss after income tax of associates

 (0.3)

 (0.5)

Profit before income tax

7

 1,193.5 

 908.1 

Income tax 

8

 (171.4)

 (158.1)

Profit after income tax 

 1,022.1 

 750.0 

Attributable to:

Shareholders

 1,003.8 

 740.7 

Non-controlling interests

 18.3 

 9.3 

 1,022.1 

 750.0 

Basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to  

shareholders of the Company (in Singapore Dollars)

9

$2.12 

$1.56 

The accompanying significant accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

CONSOLIDATED PROFIT  

OR LOSS STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

108


in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note

2019

2018

Profit after income tax for the year

 1,022.1 

 750.0 

Other comprehensive income:

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:

Exchange differences arising on translation of overseas  

entities attributable to non-controlling interests

 (0.1)

 0.2 

Revaluation gains/(losses) on equity instruments at fair value  

through other comprehensive income

 174.4 

 (372.4)

Income tax related to the above

8

 (31.4)

 66.5 

Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:

Exchange differences arising on translation of overseas entities

 1.2 

 (5.5)

Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income: 

Changes in fair value

 502.9 

 (231.5)

Changes in allowance for expected credit losses

 0.9 

 (4.7)

Reclassification of realised (gain)/loss on disposal of investments to  

Profit or Loss Statement

5

 (130.4)

 5.5 

Income tax related to the above

8

 (63.3)

 39.4 

Other comprehensive income for the year, after tax

 454.2 

 (502.5)

Total comprehensive income for the year

 1,476.3 

 247.5 

Total comprehensive income attributable to:

Shareholders

 1,458.0 

 240.6 

Non-controlling interests

 18.3 

 6.9 

 1,476.3 

 247.5 

The accompanying significant accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT  

OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For the financial year ended 31 December

109

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


Group

Company

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note

2019

2018

2019

2018

Share capital

10

 152.7 

 152.7 

 152.7 

 152.7 

Reserves

Merger reserve

11

 – 

 – 

 419.2 

 419.2 

Currency translation reserve 

11

 8.4 

 7.4 

 – 

 – 

Fair value reserve

11

 338.3 

 (214.2)

 – 

 – 

Other reserve

11

 0.2 

 0.2 

 – 

 – 

Retained earnings

 8,111.1 

 7,490.8 

 3,337.6 

 3,014.6 

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

 8,610.7 

 7,436.9 

 3,909.5 

 3,586.5 

NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

 90.9 

 84.6 

 – 

 – 

TOTAL EQUITY

 8,701.6 

 7,521.5 

 3,909.5 

 3,586.5 

LIABILITIES

Insurance payables

12

 5,205.0 

 4,619.2 

 – 

 – 

Other creditors

13

 3,945.6 

 1,647.1 

 7.1 

 7.7 

Derivative financial liabilities

20

 195.6 

 294.7 

 – 

 – 

Income tax payable

 558.0 

 507.7 

 0.1 

 – 

Provision for agents' 

retirement benefits 

6

 294.0 

 276.1 

 – 

 – 

Deferred tax

8

 1,543.0 

 1,132.1 

 – 

 – 

Debt issued

14

 399.9 

 399.8 

 – 

 – 

Insurance contract liabilities

15

 75,663.6 

 68,643.8 

 – 

 – 

TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

 96,506.3 

 85,042.0 

 3,916.7 

 3,594.2 

ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents

 6,215.9 

 5,705.1 

 17.3 

 42.6 

Other debtors

16

 1,124.9 

 1,073.5 

 0.2 

 0.1 

Insurance receivables

17

 3,031.8 

 2,794.1 

 – 

 – 

Amount due from subsidiaries

18

 – 

 – 

 3,005.2 

 2,657.5 

Loans

19

 1,071.5 

 1,329.6 

 – 

 – 

Derivative financial assets

20

 417.2 

 226.9 

 – 

 – 

Investments 

21

 82,117.5 

 71,521.3 

 – 

 – 

Associates

23

 1.7 

 1.7 

 – 

 – 

Subsidiaries

24

 – 

 – 

 893.9 

 893.9 

Intangible assets

26

 31.7 

 27.4 

 – 

 – 

Investment properties

27

 1,785.5 

 1,771.3 

 – 

 – 

Property, plant and equipment 

28

 708.6 

 591.1 

 0.1 

 0.1 

TOTAL ASSETS

 96,506.3 

 85,042.0 

 3,916.7 

 3,594.2 

The accompanying significant accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

BALANCE SHEET –  

GROUP &amp; COMPANY

As at 31 December

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

110


Attributable to shareholders of the Company

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note

Share 

Capital

Currency 

Translation 

Reserve

Fair 

Value 

Reserve

Other 

Reserve

Retained 

Earnings(1)

Total

Non-

Controlling 

Interests

Total 

Equity

Balance at 1 January 2019

 152.7 

 7.4 

 (214.2)

 0.2 

 7,490.8  7,436.9 

 84.6  7,521.5 

Profit for the year

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 1,003.8  1,003.8 

 18.3  1,022.1 

Other comprehensive income

Exchange differences arising on 

translation of overseas entities

 – 

 1.2 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 1.2 

 (0.1)

 1.1 

Net revaluation gains on equity 

instruments at fair value through 

other comprehensive income

 – 

 – 

 143.0 

 – 

 – 

 143.0 

 – 

 143.0 

Debt instruments at FVOCI:

 – 

Changes in fair value

 – 

 – 

 502.8 

 – 

 – 

 502.8 

 0.1 

 502.9 

Changes in allowance for 

expected credit losses

15, 33

 – 

 – 

 0.9 

 – 

 – 

 0.9 

 – 

 0.9 

Reclassification of realised gain 

on disposal of investments to 

Profit or Loss Statement

5

 – 

 – 

 (130.4)

 – 

 – 

 (130.4)

 – 

 (130.4)

Income tax related to the above

 – 

 – 

 (63.3)

 – 

 – 

 (63.3)

 – 

 (63.3)

Other comprehensive income for 

the year, after tax

 – 

 1.2 

 453.0 

 – 

 – 

 454.2 

 – 

 454.2 

Total comprehensive income  

for the year

 – 

 1.2 

 453.0 

 – 

 1,003.8  1,458.0 

 18.3  1,476.3 

Reclassification of net change in fair 

value of equity instruments upon 

derecognition

21

 – 

 – 

 99.5 

 – 

 (99.5)

 – 

 – 

 – 

Distributions to shareholders

Dividends paid during the year:

Final one-tier tax exempt dividend 

for the previous year

36

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (236.7)

 (236.7)

 – 

 (236.7)

Interim one-tier tax exempt 

dividend

36

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (47.3)

 (47.3)

 – 

 (47.3)

Dividends paid to non-controlling 

interests

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (10.7)

 (10.7)

Total distributions to shareholders

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (284.0)

 (284.0)

 (10.7)

 (294.7)

Changes in ownership interests in 

subsidiaries

Acquisition of subsidiary

24

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 2.0 

 2.0 

Disposal of subsidiary

24

 – 

 (0.2)

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (0.2)

 (3.3)

 (3.5)

Total changes in ownership 

interests in subsidiaries

 – 

 (0.2)

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (0.2)

 (1.3)

 (1.5)

Total transactions with shareholders 

in their capacity as shareholders

 – 

 (0.2)

 – 

 – 

 (284.0)

 (284.2)

 (12.0)

 (296.2)

Balance at 31 December 2019

 152.7 

 8.4 

 338.3 

 0.2 

 8,111.1  8,610.7 

 90.9  8,701.6 

(1) 

Included in Retained Earnings are non-distributable reserves of $1,970.2 million (31 December 2018: $2,212.9 million), which arises from regulatory risk 

charges in Singapore and Malaysia.  Refer to Notes 11 and Notes 33 for more details. 

The accompanying significant accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

STATEMENTS OF 

CHANGES IN EQUITY – GROUP

For the financial year ended 31 December

111

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


STATEMENTS OF 

CHANGES IN EQUITY – GROUP

For the financial year ended 31 December

Attributable to shareholders of the Company

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note

Share 

Capital

Currency 

Translation 

Reserve

Fair 

Value 

Reserve

Other 

Reserve

Retained

Earnings(1)

Total

Non-

Controlling 

Interests

Total 

Equity

Balance at 1 January 2018

 152.7 

 12.9 

 230.4 

 0.2 

 7,131.4  7,527.6 

 86.1  7,613.7 

Profit for the year

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 740.7 

 740.7 

 9.3 

 750.0 

Other comprehensive income

Exchange differences arising on 

translation of overseas entities

 – 

 (5.5)

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (5.5)

 0.2 

 (5.3)

Net revaluation losses on equity 

instruments at fair value through 

other comprehensive income

 – 

 – 

 (305.9)

 – 

 – 

 (305.9)

 – 

 (305.9)

Debt instruments at FVOCI:

Changes in fair value

 – 

 – 

 (228.8)

 – 

 – 

 (228.8)

 (2.7)

 (231.5)

Changes in allowance for expected 

credit losses

15, 33

 – 

 – 

 (4.7)

 – 

 – 

 (4.7)

 – 

 (4.7)

Reclassification of realised loss on 

disposal of investments to Profit 

or Loss Statement

5

 – 

 – 

 5.5 

 – 

 – 

 5.5 

 – 

 5.5 

Income tax related to the above

 – 

 – 

 39.3 

 – 

 – 

 39.3 

 0.1 

 39.4 

Other comprehensive income for the 

year, after tax

 – 

 (5.5)

 (494.6)

 – 

 – 

 (500.1)

 (2.4)

 (502.5)

Total comprehensive income  

for the year

 – 

 (5.5)

 (494.6)

 – 

 740.7 

 240.6 

 6.9 

 247.5 

Reclassification of net change in fair 

value of equity instruments upon 

derecognition

21

 – 

 – 

 50.0 

 – 

 (50.0)

 – 

 – 

 – 

Distributions to shareholders

Dividends paid during the year:

Final and special one-tier tax 

exempt dividends for the previous 

year

36

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (284.0)

 (284.0)

 – 

 (284.0)

Interim one-tier tax exempt dividend

36

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (47.3)

 (47.3)

 – 

 (47.3)

Dividends paid to non-controlling 

interests

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (8.4)

 (8.4)

Total distributions to shareholders

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (331.3)

 (331.3)

 (8.4)

 (339.7)

Total transactions with shareholders in 

their capacity as shareholders

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (331.3)

 (331.3)

 (8.4)

 (339.7)

Balance at 31 December 2018

 152.7 

 7.4 

 (214.2)

 0.2 

 7,490.8  7,436.9 

 84.6  7,521.5 

(1) 

Included in Retained Earnings are non-distributable reserves of $1,970.2 million (31 December 2018: $2,212.9 million), which arises from regulatory risk 

charges in Singapore and Malaysia.  Refer to Notes 11 and Notes 33 for more details. 

The accompanying significant accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

112


in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note

Share 

Capital

Merger 

Reserve

Retained 

Earnings

Total 

Equity

Balance at 1 January 2019

 152.7 

 419.2 

 3,014.6 

 3,586.5 

Profit for the year

 – 

 – 

 607.0 

 607.0 

Total comprehensive income for the year

 – 

 – 

 607.0 

 607.0 

Distributions to shareholders

Dividends paid during the year:

Final one-tier tax exempt dividend  

for the previous year

36

 – 

 – 

 (236.7)

 (236.7)

Interim one-tier tax exempt dividend

36

 – 

 – 

 (47.3)

 (47.3)

Total distributions to shareholders

 – 

 – 

 (284.0)

 (284.0)

Total transactions with shareholders in their  

capacity as shareholders

 – 

 – 

 (284.0)

 (284.0)

Balance at 31 December 2019

 152.7 

 419.2 

 3,337.6 

 3,909.5 

Balance at 1 January 2018

 152.7 

 419.2 

 2,816.2 

 3,388.1 

Profit for the year

 – 

 – 

 529.7 

 529.7 

Total comprehensive income for the year

 – 

 – 

 529.7 

 529.7 

Distributions to shareholders

Dividends paid during the year:

Final and special one-tier tax exempt  

dividends for the previous year

36

 – 

 – 

 (284.0)

 (284.0)

Interim one-tier tax exempt dividend

36

 – 

 – 

 (47.3)

 (47.3)

Total distributions to shareholders

 – 

 (331.3)

 (331.3)

Total transactions with shareholders in their  

capacity as shareholders

 – 

 – 

 (331.3)

 (331.3)

Balance at 31 December 2018

 152.7 

 419.2 

 3,014.6 

 3,586.5 

The accompanying significant accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

STATEMENTS OF 

CHANGES IN EQUITY – COMPANY

For the financial year ended 31 December

113

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note

2019

2018

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Profit before income tax

 1,193.5 

 908.1 

Adjustments for non-cash items:

Tax attributable to policyholders' returns

8

 403.8 

 40.1 

Share of loss after income tax of associates

 0.3 

 0.5 

(Gain)/loss on sale of investments and changes in fair value

5

 (4,601.8)

 2,630.8 

Gain on disposal of subsidiary

24

 (3.5)

 – 

Increase/(decrease) in provision for impairment of assets

7

 28.5 

 (40.4)

Increase in provision for agents' retirement benefits

6

 42.3 

 27.8 

Loss/(gain) on disposal of property, plant and equipment

7

 0.1 

 (1.1)

Depreciation and amortisation expenses

7

 73.5 

 56.7 

Unrealised loss/(gain) on exchange differences

 37.7 

 (39.2)

Change in insurance contract liabilities

15

 8,553.2 

 3,188.2 

Change in premium liabilities

15

 12.6 

 11.4 

Amortisation of capitalised transaction fees

 0.1 

 0.1 

Dividend income

4

 (601.5)

 (701.0)

Interest income

4

 (2,251.8)

 (2,045.2)

Interest expense

 18.3 

 18.3 

Interest expense on policy benefits and lease liabilities

7

 190.4 

 173.4 

Share-based payments

7

 6.3 

 6.3 

 3,102.0 

 4,234.8 

Changes in working capital:

Insurance receivables

 (203.3)

 (86.7)

Other debtors

 (1.1)

 545.8 

Insurance payables

 579.2 

 495.1 

Other creditors

 632.9 

 (484.9)

Cash generated from operations

 4,109.7 

 4,704.1 

Income tax paid

 (203.0)

 (367.2)

Interest paid on policy benefits and lease liabilities

 (190.4)

 (173.4)

Agents' retirement benefits paid

6

 (23.7)

 (26.7)

Net cash flows from operating activities

 3,692.6 

 4,136.8 

The accompanying significant accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

CONSOLIDATED  

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the financial year ended 31 December

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

114


in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note

2019

2018

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Proceeds from maturities and sale of investments

 34,761.6 

 26,377.5 

Purchase of investments

 (40,323.4)

 (32,233.6)

Net cash inflow from disposal of subsidiary

24

 1.9 

 – 

Net cash inflow from acquisition of subsidiary

24

 16.5 

 – 

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment

 0.4 

 6.3 

Purchase of property, plant and equipment and investment properties

27, 28

 (81.9)

 (236.9)

Acquisition of intangible assets

26

 (4.0)

 – 

Interest income received

 2,215.9 

 2,002.7 

Interest expense paid

 (18.2)

 (18.2)

Dividends received

 602.1 

 720.7 

Net cash flows used in investing activities

 (2,829.1)

 (3,381.5)

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Dividends paid

36

 (284.0)

 (331.3)

Dividends paid to non-controlling interests

 (10.7)

 (8.4)

Principal element of lease payments

28

 (11.1)

 – 

Net cash flows used in financing activities

 (305.8)

 (339.7)

Net effect of currency translation reserve adjustment

 (46.9)

 (75.3)

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents

 510.8 

 340.3 

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year

 5,705.1 

 5,364.8 

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year

 6,215.9 

 5,705.1 

Cash and cash equivalents comprise:

Cash and bank balances

 1,433.1 

 1,424.3 

Cash on deposit

 2,863.3 

 3,677.7 

Short term instruments

 1,919.5 

 603.1 

 6,215.9 

 5,705.1 

Included in the cash and cash equivalents are bank deposits amounting to $1.8 million (31 December 2018: $1.8 million) 

which are lodged with the regulator as statutory deposits, which are not available for use by the Group.

The changes in liabilities arising from financing activities for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018 were not material.

The accompanying significant accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

CONSOLIDATED  

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the financial year ended 31 December

115

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1 

GENERAL

Great Eastern Holdings Limited (the “Company” or “GEH”) is a limited liability company which is incorporated and 

domiciled in the Republic of Singapore.  The notes refer to the Company and the Group unless otherwise stated. 

The registered office and principal place of business of the Company is located at 1 Pickering Street, #16-01, Great 

Eastern Centre, Singapore 048659.

The principal activity of the Company is that of an investment holding company.  The principal activities of the 

significant subsidiaries within the Group are stated in Note 3.  There have been no significant changes in the nature of 

these activities during the financial year.

The Company’s immediate and ultimate holding company is Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (“OCBC 

Bank”), which prepares financial statements for public use.

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

2.1 

Basis of Preparation 

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the Singapore Financial Reporting 

Standards (International) (“SFRS(I)”) and SFRS(I) Interpretations as issued by the Accounting Standards Council. The 

financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except as disclosed in the accounting 

policies below.

 

The financial statements are presented in Singapore Dollars (SGD or $) and all values are rounded to the nearest 

$0.1 million except as otherwise stated.

2.2 

Changes in Accounting Policies

The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the previous financial year except that in the current 

financial year, the Group has adopted all the new and revised standards which are effective for annual financial periods 

beginning or after 1 January 2019, including SFRS(I) 16 Leases as set out below. The adoption of these standards 

did not have any material effect on the financial performance or position of the Group and the Company, except as 

disclosed below. 

2.2.1 Adoption of SFRS(I) 16 Leases

The Group has adopted SFRS(I) 16 Leases effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019. 

The Group applied the standard from its mandatory adoption date, applying the simplified transition approach 

and did not restate comparative amounts for the year prior to first adoption. The adjustments arising from the 

new leasing rules are therefore recognised in the opening balance sheet on 1 January 2019.

On adoption of SFRS(I) 16, the Group recognised lease liabilities in relation to leases which had previously been 

classified as ‘operating leases’ under the principles of SFRS(I) 1-17 Leases. These liabilities were measured at 

the present value of the remaining lease payments, discounted using the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate 

as of 1 January 2019. The weighted average lessee’s incremental borrowing rate applied to the lease liabilities 

on 1 January 2019 was 3.8%.

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

2019

Operating lease commitments disclosed as at 31 December 2018

59.2

Discounted using the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate at the date of initial application

(0.2)

Leases signed but commenced after 1 January 2019

(49.7)

(Less): short-term leases recognised on a straight-line basis as expense

(1.3)

(Less): low-value leases recognised on a straight-line basis as expense

(0.6)

Lease liability recognised as at 1 January 2019

7.4

Of which are:

Current lease liabilities

4.7

Non-current lease liabilities

2.7

7.4

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

116


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.2 

Changes in Accounting Policies (continued)

2.2.1 Adoption of SFRS(I) 16 Leases (continued)

The associated right-of-use assets for property leases were measured on a retrospective basis as if the new 

rules had always been applied. Other right-of use assets were measured at the amount equal to the lease 

liability, adjusted by the amount of any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to that lease recognised in 

the balance sheet as at 31 December 2018. 

The recognised right-of-use assets on 1 January 2019 relate to the following types of assets:

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

1 Jan 2019

Leasehold land

8.5

Other right-of-use assets

0.2

Total right-of-use assets

8.7

 

Practical expedients applied

In applying SFRS(I) 16 for the first time, the Group has used the following practical expedients permitted by 

the standard:

• 

the use of a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with reasonably similar characteristics;

• 

reliance on previous assessments on whether leases are onerous;

• 

the accounting for operating leases with a remaining lease term of less than 12 months as at 1 January 

2019 as short-term leases;

• 

the exclusion of initial direct costs for the measurement of the right-of-use asset at the date of initial 

application; and

• 

the use of hindsight in determining the lease term where the contract contains options to extend or 

terminate the lease. 

The Group has also elected not to reassess whether a contract is, or contains a lease at the date of initial 

application. Instead, for contracts entered into before the transition date the group relied on its assessment 

made applying SFRS(I) 1-17 and SFRS(I) INT 4 Determining whether an Arrangement contains a Lease.

The Group’s accounting policies on leases under SFRS(I) 16 are set out in Note 2.10.11.

2.2.2 SFRS(I) not yet effective 

The Group and the Company have not applied the following SFRS(I) that have been issued but which are not 

yet effective:

SFRS(I)

Title

Effective date  

(Annual periods 

beginning on or after)

Various

Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in 

SFRS(I) Standards

Amendments to illustrative examples, implementation guidance 

and SFRS(I) practice statements

1 January 2020

SFRS(I) 3

Amendments to SFRS(I) 3: Definition of a Business

1 January 2020

SFRS(I) 1-1,  

SFRS(I) 1-8

Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1 and SFRS(I) 1-8: Definition of Material

1 January 2020

SFRS(I) 9, 

SFRS(I) 1-39,

SFRS(I) 7

Amendments to SFRS(I) 9, SFRS(I) 1-39 and SFRS(I) 7: Interest 

Rate Benchmark Reform

1 January 2020

SFRS(I) 17

Insurance Contracts

1 January 2021

SFRS(I) 10,  

SFRS(I) 1-28

Amendments to SFRS(I) 10 and SFRS(I) 1-28: Sale or Contribution 

of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture

To be determined

117

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.2 

Changes in Accounting Policies (continued)

2.2.2 SFRS(I) not yet effective (continued)

The Directors expect that the adoption of the new standards above will not have any material impact on the 

financial statements in the year of initial application, except as below.

SFRS(I) 17 Insurance Contracts

SFRS(I) 17 was issued in May 2017 as replacement for SFRS(I) 4 Insurance Contracts. It is a comprehensive 

new accounting standard for insurance contracts covering recognition and measurement, presentation and 

disclosure. SFRS(I) 17 requires a general model where estimates are re-measured in each reporting period. 

Contracts are measured using the building blocks of:

• 

discounted probability-weighted cash flows;

• 

an explicit risk adjustment; and

• 

a contractual service margin representing the unearned profit of the contract which is recognised as 

revenue over the coverage period.

The general model is supplemented by:

• 

a simplified approach (the premium allocation approach) mainly for short duration contracts; and

• 

a modification of the general measurement model (the variable fee approach) for contracts with direct 

participation features. 

SFRS(I) 17 is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 20211, with comparative figures 

required. Retrospective application is required. However, if full retrospective application for a group of insurance 

contracts is impracticable, then the entity is required to choose either a modified retrospective approach or a 

fair value approach. The Group plans to adopt SFRS(I) 17 on the required effective date and a Project Steering 

Committee was formed to oversee the implementation of the standard. The Group expects that SFRS(I) 17 

will result in an important change to the accounting policies for insurance contract liabilities of the Group and 

is likely to have a significant impact on profit and total equity together with the Group’s financial statements’ 

presentation and disclosures.

2.3  

Basis of Consolidation and Business Combinations

2.3.1 Basis of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries 

as at the end of the reporting period. The financial statements of the subsidiaries used in the preparation of 

the consolidated financial statements are prepared for the same reporting date as the Company. Consistent 

accounting policies are applied to like transactions and events in similar circumstances. A list of the Company’s 

significant subsidiaries is shown in Note 3.

All intra-group balances, income and expenses and unrealised gains and losses resulting from intra-group 

transactions and dividends are eliminated. 

Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date of acquisition, being the date on which the Group obtains control, 

and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

Losses within a subsidiary are attributed to the non-controlling interest even if that results in a deficit balance.

1 

The International Accounting Standards Board published an exposure draft Amendments to IFRS 17 in June 2019 which proposes that the effective date of 

IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts be deferred by one year, such that it would apply to entities with annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

118


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.3  

Basis of Consolidation and Business Combinations (continued)

2.3.1 Basis of Consolidation (continued)

A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity 

transaction. If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it:

– 

De-recognises the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities of the subsidiary at their carrying amounts 

at the date when control is lost;

– 

De-recognises the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest;

– 

De-recognises the cumulative translation differences recorded in equity;

– 

Recognises the fair value of the consideration received;

– 

Recognises the fair value of any investment retained;

– 

Recognises any surplus or deficit in profit or loss;

– 

Re-classifies the Group’s share of components previously recognised in other comprehensive income 

to profit or loss or retained earnings, as appropriate.

2.3.2 Business Combinations

Business combinations are accounted for by applying the acquisition method. Identifiable assets acquired and 

liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. 

Acquisition-related costs are recognised as expenses in the periods in which the costs are incurred and the 

services are received. 

When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate 

classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent 

conditions as at the acquisition date. 

Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer will be recognised at fair value at the acquisition 

date. Subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration which is deemed to be an asset or 

liability will be recognised in profit or loss. 

The Group elects for each individual business combination, whether a non-controlling interest in the acquiree 

(if any), that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of net assets in 

the event of liquidation, is recognised on the acquisition date at fair value, or at the non-controlling interest’s 

proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. Other components of non-controlling interests are 

measured at their acquisition date fair value, unless another measurement basis is required by another SFRS(I).

Any excess of the sum of the fair value of the consideration transferred in the business combination, the 

amount of non-controlling interest in the acquiree (if any), and the fair value of the Group’s previously held 

equity interest in the acquiree (if any), over the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities 

is recorded as goodwill. The accounting policy for goodwill is set out in Note 2.21. In instances where the 

latter amount exceeds the former, the excess is recognised as gain on bargain purchase in profit or loss on the 

acquisition date.

2.4 

Subsidiaries 

A subsidiary is an investee that is controlled by the Group. The Group controls an investee when it is exposed, or has 

rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its 

power over the investee.

In the Company’s separate financial statements, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment 

losses, if any.

119

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.5 

Joint Arrangements

A joint arrangement is a contractual arrangement whereby two or more parties have joint control. Joint control is 

the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant 

activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. 

A joint arrangement is classified either as joint operation or joint venture, based on the rights and obligations of the 

parties to the arrangement. 

To the extent the joint arrangement provides the Group with rights to the assets and obligations for the liabilities 

relating to the arrangement, the arrangement is a joint operation. To the extent the joint arrangement provides the 

Group with rights to the net assets of the arrangement, the arrangement is a joint venture. 

The Group recognises its interests in a joint venture as an investment and accounts for the investment using the equity 

method. The accounting policy for investment in a joint venture is set out in Note 2.6.

2.6 

Associates and Joint Ventures

Associates are entities over which the Group has the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions 

of the investee but does not have control or joint control of those policies.

The Group accounts for its investment in associates and joint ventures using the equity method from the date on 

which it becomes an associate or joint venture.

On acquisition of the investment, an excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value 

of the investee’s identifiable assets and liabilities is accounted as goodwill and is included in the carrying amount of 

the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the investee’s identifiable assets and liabilities 

over the cost of the investment is included as income in the determination of the entity’s share of the associate or joint 

venture’s profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.

Under the equity method, investments in associates or joint ventures are carried in the balance sheet at cost plus 

post-acquisition changes in the Group’s share of net assets of the associates or joint ventures. The profit or loss 

reflects the share of results of operations of the associates or joint ventures. Distributions received from joint ventures 

or associates reduce the carrying amount of the investment. Where there has been a change recognised in other 

comprehensive income by the associates or joint ventures, the Group recognises its share of such changes in other 

comprehensive income. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and the associates 

or joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the interest in the associates or joint ventures.

When the Group’s share of losses in an associate or joint venture equals or exceeds its interest in the associate or joint 

venture, the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf 

of the associate or joint venture.

After application of the equity method, the Group determines whether it is necessary to recognise an additional 

impairment loss on the Group’s investment in its associates or joint ventures. The Group determines at the end of 

each reporting period whether there is any objective evidence that the investment in an associate or joint venture is 

impaired. If this is the case, the Group calculates the amount of impairment as the difference between the recoverable 

amount of the associate or joint venture and the respective carrying value and recognises the amount in the profit or 

loss.

The financial statements of the associates and joint ventures are prepared as of the same reporting date as the 

Company. Where necessary, adjustments are made to bring the accounting policies in line with those of the Group.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

120


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.6 

Associates and Joint Ventures (continued)

Upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over the joint venture, the Group measures the 

retained investment at fair value. Any difference between the fair value of the aggregate of the retained interest and 

proceeds from disposal and the carrying amount of the investment at the date the equity method was discontinued 

is recognised in profit or loss.

If the Group’s ownership interest in an associate or a joint venture is reduced, but the Group continues to apply the 

equity method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had previously been 

recognised in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership interest if that gain or loss would be 

required to be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities. 

2.7 

Transactions with Non-Controlling Interests

Non-controlling interest represents the equity in subsidiaries not attributable, directly or indirectly, to shareholders of 

the Company, and is presented separately in the Consolidated Profit or Loss Statement, Consolidated Statement of 

Comprehensive Income and within equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheet, separately from Shareholders’ Equity. 

An exception to this occurs when non-controlling interests arise through minority unit holders’ interest in consolidated 

investment funds, when they are recognised as a liability, reflecting the net assets of the consolidated entity. These 

interests qualify as a financial liability as they give the holder the right to put the instrument back to the issuer for cash.  

Changes in these liabilities are recognised in the Consolidated Profit or Loss Statement as expenses.

Changes in the Company’s ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for 

as equity transactions. In such circumstances, the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests 

are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount by 

which the non-controlling interest is adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised 

directly in equity and attributed to shareholders of the Company.

2.8  

Foreign Currency Conversion and Translation

2.8.1 Functional and Presentation Currency

 

Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency 

of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (“the functional currency”). The Group’s 

consolidated financial statements are presented in Singapore Dollars, which is also the Company’s functional 

and presentation currency. 

 

2.8.2 Transactions and Balances 

Transactions in foreign currencies are measured in the respective functional currencies of the Company and its 

subsidiaries and are recorded on initial recognition in the functional currencies at exchange rates approximating 

those ruling at the transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are 

translated at the rate of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Non-monetary items that are 

measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates as at the 

dates of the initial transactions.  Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated 

using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. 

Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items or on translating monetary items at the end 

of the reporting period are recognised in the Profit or Loss Statement except for exchange differences arising 

on monetary items that form part of the Group’s net investment in foreign operations, which are recognised 

initially in other comprehensive income and accumulated under foreign currency translation reserve in equity. 

The foreign currency translation reserve is reclassified from equity to profit or loss of the Group on disposal of 

the foreign operation. Exchange differences on non-monetary items such as equity investments classified as 

fair value through other comprehensive income and available-for-sale financial assets are included in the fair 

value reserve in equity.

121

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.8  

Foreign Currency Conversion and Translation (continued)

2.8.3 Consolidated Financial Statements

For consolidation purposes, the assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into Singapore Dollars 

at the rate of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. The Profit or Loss Statement is translated 

at the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. The exchange differences arising from the 

translation are recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income as foreign currency translation reserve. 

On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of exchange differences recognised in other 

comprehensive income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in the Profit or Loss Statement 

as gain or loss on disposal of the operation.

In the case of a partial disposal without loss of control of a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, the 

proportionate share of the cumulative amount of the exchange differences is re-attributed to non-controlling 

interest and is not recognised in Profit or Loss Statement. For partial disposals of associates or jointly controlled 

entities that are foreign operations, the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange differences is 

reclassified to the Profit or Loss Statement.

2.9 

Insurance Contracts 

2.9.1 Product Classification

 

Insurance contracts are those contracts where the Group (the insurer) has accepted significant insurance risk 

from the policyholders by agreeing to compensate the policyholders if a specified uncertain future event (the 

insured event) adversely affects the policyholders. As a general guideline, the Group determines whether it has 

significant insurance risk, by comparing benefits paid with benefits payable if the insured event did not occur. 

Insurance contracts can also transfer financial risk.

 

Investment contracts are contracts that transfer significant financial risk. Financial risk is the risk of a possible 

future change in one or more of a specified interest rate, financial instrument price, commodity price, foreign 

exchange rate, index of price or rates, credit rating or credit index or other variable, provided in the case of a 

non-financial variable that the variable is not specific to a party to the contract.

 

Once a contract has been classified as an insurance contract, it remains an insurance contract for the remainder 

of its lifetime, even if the insurance risk reduces significantly during this period, unless all rights and obligations 

are extinguished or expired. Investment contracts can however be reclassified as insurance contracts after 

inception if insurance risk becomes significant.

Insurance and investment contracts are further classified as being either with or without discretionary 

participating features (“DPF”). DPF is a contractual right to receive, as a supplement to guaranteed benefits, 

additional benefits that are:

• 

Likely to be a significant portion of the total contractual benefits;

• 

Whose amount or timing is contractually at the discretion of the issuer; and contractually based on the:

• 

Performance of a specified pool of contracts or a specified type of contract,

• 

Realised and/or unrealised investment returns on a specified pool of assets held by the issuer, or

• 

The profit or loss of the company, fund or other entity that issues the contract.

For financial options and guarantees which are not closely related to the host insurance contract and/or 

investment contract with DPF, bifurcation is required to measure these embedded derivatives separately at 

fair value through the Profit or Loss Statement. However, bifurcation is not required if the embedded derivative 

is itself an insurance contract and/or investment contract with DPF, or if the host insurance contract and/or 

investment contract itself is measured at fair value through the Profit or Loss Statement.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

122


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.9 

Insurance Contracts (continued)

2.9.1 Product Classification (continued)

For the purpose of SFRS(I) 4, the Group adopts maximum policy benefits as the proxy for insurance risk 

and cash surrender value as the proxy for realisable value of the insurance contract on surrender. The Group 

defines insurance risk to be significant when the ratio of the insurance risk over the deposit component is not 

less than 105% of the deposit component at inception of the insurance contract. Based on this definition, all 

policy contracts issued by insurance subsidiaries within the Group are considered insurance contracts as at 

the balance sheet date.

The insurance subsidiaries within the Group write insurance contracts in accordance with the local Insurance 

Regulations prevailing in the jurisdictions in which the insurance subsidiaries operate. 

2.9.2 Types of Insurance Contracts

Insurance contract liabilities are classified into principal components as follows:

(a) 

Life Insurance contract liabilities; comprising

 

– 

Participating Fund contract liabilities;

 

– 

Non-Participating Fund contract liabilities; and

 

– 

Investment Linked Fund contract liabilities.

(b) 

Non-life Insurance contract liabilities.

(c) 

Reinsurance contracts.

2.9.3 Life Insurance Contract Liabilities 

 

Insurance contracts are recognised and measured in accordance with the terms and conditions of the respective 

contracts and are based on guidelines laid down by the respective insurance regulations.  Premiums, claims 

and benefit payments, acquisition and management expenses and valuation of future policy benefit payments 

or premium reserves as the case may be, are recognised in the Profit or Loss Statement.  

Life insurance liabilities are recognised when contracts are entered into and premiums are charged.  These 

liabilities are measured by using the gross premium valuation method.  The liability is determined as the sum of 

the present value of future guaranteed and, where relevant, appropriate level of non-guaranteed benefits, less 

the present value of future gross considerations arising from the policy discounted at the appropriate discount 

rate.  The liability is based on best estimate assumptions and with due regard to significant recent experience.  

An appropriate risk margin allowance for adverse deviation from expected experience is made in the valuation 

of non-participating life policies, the guaranteed benefit liabilities of participating life policies and liabilities of 

non-unit investment-linked policies.

The liability in respect of participating insurance contract is based on the higher of the guaranteed benefit 

liabilities or the total benefit liabilities at the contract level derived as stated above. Refer to Table 2.9 for details.

In the case of life policies where part of, or all the premiums are accumulated in a fund, the accumulated 

amounts, as declared to policyholders are shown as liabilities if the accumulated amounts are higher than the 

amounts as calculated using the gross premium valuation method.

In the case of short-term life policies covering contingencies other than death or survival, the liability for such 

life insurance contracts comprises the provision for unearned premiums and unexpired risks, together with 

provision for claims outstanding, including an estimate of the incurred claims that have not yet been reported 

to the Group.

123

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.9 

Insurance Contracts (continued)

2.9.3 Life Insurance Contract Liabilities (continued)

Adjustments to liabilities at each reporting date are recorded in the Profit or Loss Statements.  Profits originating 

from margins for adverse deviations on run-off contracts are recognised in the Profit or Loss Statements over 

the lives of the contracts, whereas losses are fully recognised in the Profit or Loss Statements during the first 

year of run-off.

 

The liability is extinguished when the contract expires, is discharged or is cancelled.

The Group issues a variety of short and long duration insurance contracts which transfer risks from the 

policyholders to the Group to protect policyholders from the consequences of insured events such as death, 

disability, illness, accident, including survival.  These contracts may transfer both insurance and investment risk 

or insurance risk alone, from the policyholders to the Group.

 

For non-participating policy contracts, both insurance and investment risks are transferred from policyholders 

to the Group.  For non-participating policy contracts other than medical insurance policy contracts, the payout 

to policyholders upon the occurrence of the insured event is pre-determined and the transfer of risk is absolute. 

For medical insurance policy contracts, the payout is dependent on the actual medical costs incurred upon the 

occurrence of the insured event.

Contracts which transfer insurance risk alone from policyholders to the Group are commonly known as 

investment linked policies.  As part of the pricing for these contracts, the insurance subsidiaries within the Group 

include certain charges and fees to cover for expenses and insured risk. The net investment returns derived 

from the variety of investment funds as selected by the policyholders accrue directly to the policyholders.  

A significant portion of insurance contracts issued by subsidiaries within the Group contain discretionary 

participating features. These contracts are classified as participating policies. In addition to guaranteed benefits 

payable upon insured events associated with human life such as death or disability, the contracts entitle the 

policyholder to receive benefits, which could vary according to investment performance of the fund. The Group 

does not recognise the guaranteed components separately from the discretionary participating features. 

Profits to shareholders from the participating fund are allocated from the surplus or surplus capital, determined 

from the results of the annual actuarial valuation (such valuation also determines the liabilities relating to all 

the policyholders’ benefits of the participating fund) parameters which are set out in the Insurance Regulations 

of the respective jurisdiction in which the insurance subsidiaries operate.  The provisions in the Articles of 

Association of the insurance subsidiaries within the Group are applied in conjunction with the prescriptions in 

the respective Insurance regulations, such that the distribution for any year to policyholders of the participating 

fund and shareholders approximate 90% and 10% respectively of total distribution from the participating fund. 

The annual declaration of the quantum of policyholder bonus and correspondingly the profits to shareholders to 

be distributed out of the participating fund is approved by the Board of Directors of each insurance subsidiary 

under the advice of the Appointed Actuary of the respective insurance subsidiary, in accordance with the 

Insurance Regulations and the Articles of Association of the respective insurance subsidiaries.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

124


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.9 

Insurance Contracts (continued)

2.9.3 Life Insurance Contract Liabilities (continued)

The valuation of insurance contract liabilities is determined according to:

(a) 

Singapore Insurance Act (Chapter 142), Insurance (Valuation and Capital) Regulations 2004 for insurance 

funds regulated in Singapore (“MAS Regulations”); and

(b) 

Risk-Based Capital Framework for Insurers for insurance funds regulated in Malaysia.

Each insurance subsidiary within the Group is required by the Insurance Regulations and accounting standards 

to carry out a liability adequacy test using current estimates of future cash flows relating to its insurance 

contracts; the process is referred to as the gross premium valuation or bonus reserve valuation, depending on 

the jurisdiction in which the insurance subsidiary operates. 

The liability adequacy test is applied to both the guaranteed benefits and the discretionary participating 

features; the assumptions are based on best estimates, the basis adopted is prescribed by the Insurance 

Regulations of the respective jurisdiction in which the insurance subsidiary operates.  The Group performs 

liability adequacy tests on its actuarial reserves to ensure that the carrying amount of provisions is sufficient 

to cover estimated future cash flows.  When performing the liability adequacy test, the Group discounts all 

contractual cash flows and compares this amount against the carrying value of the liability.  Any deficiency is 

charged to the Profit or Loss Statement.

The Group issues investment linked contracts as an insurance contract which insure human life events such 

as death or survival over a long duration; coupled with an embedded derivative linking death benefit payments 

on the contract to the value of a pool of investments within the investment linked fund set up by the insurance 

subsidiary.  As an embedded derivative meets the definition of an insurance contract it need not be separately 

accounted for from the host insurance contract.  The liability valuation for such contracts is adjusted for 

changes in the fair value of the underlying assets at frequencies in accordance with the terms and conditions 

of the insurance contracts.

125

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.9 

Insurance Contracts (continued)

2.9.3 Life Insurance Contract Liabilities (continued)

TABLE 2.9 below provides the key underlying assumptions used for valuation of life insurance contract liabilities.

SINGAPORE

MALAYSIA

Valuation 

Method

Gross Premium Valuation

For Participating Fund, the method that 

produces the higher reserves of: 

(i) Total assets backing policy benefits;

(ii) Guaranteed and non-guaranteed 

cashflows discounted at the appropriate 

rate of return reflecting the strategic asset 

allocation; and

(iii) Guaranteed cashflows discounted using 

the interest rate outlined under (i) below.

Gross Premium Valuation

For Participating Fund, the method that 

produces the higher reserves of: 

(i) Guaranteed and non-guaranteed 

cashflows discounted at the appropriate 

rate of return reflecting the strategic asset 

allocation; and

(ii) Guaranteed cashflows discounted using 

Malaysia Government Securities zero 

coupon spot yields (as outlined below).

Interest 

Rate

(i) Singapore Government Securities zero 

coupon spot yields for cash flows up to 

year 15, an interpolation of the 15-year 

Singapore Government Securities zero 

coupon spot yield and the Long Term 

Risk Free Discount Rate (LTRFDR) for 

cash flows between 15 to 20 years, and 

the LTRFDR for cash flows year 20 and 

after.

(ii) For Universal Life policies denominated in 

US dollar:

a. Observable market yields of US 

Treasury Yield Curve Rates for cash 

flows up to year 30;

b. Ultimate forward rate (UFR) of 3.5% 

applicable for cash flows beyond 60 

years; and

c. Extrapolated yields in between.

Data source: Bloomberg

Malaysia Government Securities yields 

determined based on the following:

(i) 

For cashflows with duration less than 15 

years, Malaysia Government Securities 

zero coupon spot yields of matching 

duration.

(ii) For cashflows with duration 15 years or 

more, Malaysia Government Securities 

zero coupon spot yields of 15 years to 

maturity.

Data source:  Bond Pricing Agency Malaysia

Mortality, 

Disability, 

Dread 

disease, 

Expenses,

Lapse and 

surrenders

Participating Fund:

(i) Best estimates for Gross Premium  

Valuation method (ii);

(ii) Best estimates plus provision for adverse 

deviation (PAD) for Gross Premium 

Valuation method (iii).

Non-Participating and Non-Unit reserves of 

Investment Linked Fund:

Best estimates plus provision for adverse 

deviation (PAD).

Data source: internal experience studies

Participating Fund:

(i) Best estimates for Gross Premium 

Valuation method (i);

(ii) Best estimates plus provision for risk 

of adverse deviation (PRAD) for Gross 

Premium Valuation method (ii).

Non-Participating and Non-Unit reserves of 

Investment Linked Fund:

Best estimates plus provision for risk of 

adverse deviation (PRAD).

Data source: internal experience studies

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

126


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.9 

Insurance Contracts (continued)

2.9.4 Non-life Insurance Contract Liabilities

 

The Group issues short term property and casualty contracts which protect the policyholder against the risk of 

loss of property premises due to fire or theft in the form of fire or burglary insurance contracts and/or business 

interruption contracts; risk of liability to pay compensation to a third party for bodily harm or property damage 

in the form of public liability insurance contracts.  The Group also issues short term medical and personal 

accident non-life insurance contracts.

 

 

Non-life insurance contract liabilities include premium liabilities and claim liabilities.

Claim liabilities

Claim liabilities are based on the estimated ultimate cost of all claims incurred but not settled at the balance 

sheet date, whether reported or not, together with related claims handling costs and reduction for the expected 

value of salvage and other recoveries.  Delays can be experienced in the notification and settlement of certain 

types of claims, therefore, the ultimate cost of these claims cannot be known with certainty at the balance 

sheet date.  The liability is calculated at the reporting date using a range of standard actuarial claim projection 

techniques based on empirical data and current assumptions that may include a margin for adverse deviation. 

The liability is not discounted for the time value of money.  No provision for equalisation or catastrophe reserves 

is recognised.  The liabilities are derecognised when contracts expire, are discharged or are cancelled.

The valuation of non-life insurance claim liabilities at balance sheet date is based on best estimates of the 

ultimate settlement cost of claims plus a provision for adverse deviation. The provision of adverse deviation 

is set at 75% level of sufficiency for Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia. The valuation methods used include 

the Paid and Incurred Loss Development methods (also known as the Link Ratio methods), the Paid and 

Incurred Bornhuetter-Ferguson methods and the Expected Loss Ratio method. For Singapore and Malaysia, 

the claim liabilities are not discounted for the time value of money. However, for Indonesia, the claim liabilities 

are discounted for the time value of money as per pre-acquisition practice. Discounting is expected to be 

applied consistently in line with the implementation of SFRS(I) 17. No provision for equalisation or catastrophe 

reserves is recognised.

Premium liabilities

Premium liabilities are the provision of unearned premiums representing premiums received for risks that 

have not yet expired at the reporting date.  The provision is recognised when contracts are entered into and 

premiums are charged. The provision is released over the terms of the contracts and is recognised as premium 

income. Further provisions are made if expected future cash flow of unexpired insurance contracts exceed the 

unearned premiums of these contracts. 

2.9.5 Reinsurance Contracts 

 

The Group cedes insurance risk in the normal course of business for all of its businesses. Reinsurance assets 

represent balances due from reinsurers.  These amounts are estimated in a manner consistent with the 

outstanding claims provision or settled claims associated with the reinsurer’s policies and are in accordance 

with the related reinsurance contract.

Reinsurance assets are reviewed for impairment at each reporting date or more frequently when an indication 

of impairment arises during the financial period. Impairment occurs when there is objective evidence as a result 

of an event that occurred after initial recognition of the reinsurance asset that the Group may not receive part 

or all outstanding amounts due under the terms of the contract. The impairment loss is recorded in the Profit 

or Loss Statement. Gains or losses on reinsurance are recognised in the Profit or Loss Statement immediately 

at the date of contract and are not amortised.  Ceded reinsurance arrangements do not relieve the Group from 

its obligations to policyholders.

127

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.9 

Insurance Contracts (continued)

2.9.5 Reinsurance Contracts (continued)

The Group also assumes reinsurance risk in the normal course of business for life insurance and non-life 

insurance contracts where applicable.  Premiums and claims on assumed reinsurance are recognised as 

revenue or expenses in the same manner as they would be if the reinsurance were considered direct business, 

taking into account the product classification of the reinsured business.  Reinsurance liabilities represent 

balances due to reinsurance companies.  Amounts payable are estimated in a manner consistent with the 

related reinsurance contract.  Premiums and claims are presented on a gross basis for both ceded and assumed 

reinsurance.  Reinsurance assets or liabilities are derecognised when the contractual rights are extinguished or 

expire or when the contract is transferred to another party.

2.10 

Recognition of Income and Expense

2.10.1 Premiums and Commissions

Life Insurance Business

First year premiums of insurance policies are recognised from inception date and subsequent renewal premiums 

are recognised when due.  Single premiums are recognised on the dates on which the policies are effective. 

Premiums from the investment-linked business, universal life and certain Takaful Non-participating products 

are recognised as revenue when payment is received.

 

 

Non-Life Insurance Business

Premiums from the non-life insurance business are recognised as revenue upon commencement of insurance 

cover, in the Profit or Loss Statement. Premiums pertaining to periods outside of the financial reporting period 

are adjusted through the movement in premium liabilities. Commission is recognised as an expense when 

incurred, typically upon the risk underwritten as reflected in the premium recognised.

Premiums ceded out and the corresponding commission income from non-life insurance contracts are 

recognised in the Profit or Loss Statement upon receipt of acceptance confirmation from the ceding company 

or in accordance with provisions incorporated in the treaty contracts.  Premiums ceded out pertaining to 

periods outside of the financial reporting period are adjusted through the movement in unexpired risk reserve.

2.10.2 Interest Income

Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method.

2.10.3 Dividend Income

Dividend income is recognised as investment income when the Group’s right to receive the payment is 

established.  Dividend income from the Company’s subsidiaries is recognised when the dividend is declared 

payable.  

2.10.4 Rental Income

Rental income from operating leases is recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The aggregate 

cost of incentives provided to lessees is recognised as a reduction of rental income over the lease term on a 

straight-line basis.

2.10.5 Gain/Loss on Sale of Investments

Gains or losses on sale of investments are derived from the difference between net sales proceeds and the 

purchase or amortised cost.  They are recognised on trade date.

 

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

128


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.10 

Recognition of Income and Expense (continued)

2.10.6 Impairment of Non-Financial Assets

The Group assesses at each reporting date whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If any 

indication exists, or when an annual impairment test for an asset is required, the Group makes an estimate of 

the asset’s recoverable amount. 

An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or cash-generating unit’s fair value less costs of 

disposal and its value in use and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash 

inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets. Where the carrying amount 

of an asset or cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is 

written down to its recoverable amount. 

Impairment losses of continuing operations are recognised in the Profit or Loss Statement. 

A previously recognised impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to 

determine the asset’s recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognised. If that is the case, the 

carrying amount of the asset is increased to its recoverable amount. That increase cannot exceed the carrying 

amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation, had no impairment loss been recognised 

previously. Such reversal is recognised in the Profit or Loss Statement. Unless the asset is measured at revalued 

amount, in which case the reversal is treated as a revaluation increase.

2.10.7 Impairment of Financial Assets 

The Group recognises loss allowances for expected credit losses (“ECL”) on the following financial instruments 

that are not measured at FVTPL: 

(i) 

Debt instruments measured at FVOCI;

(ii) 

Loans and receivables measured at amortised cost; and

(iii) 

Loan commitments.

The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the ECL associated with its loans and debt instruments carried 

at amortised cost and FVOCI and its loan commitments. For trade and insurance receivables, the Group 

measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses. The Group recognises 

a loss allowance for ECL at each reporting date. The measurement of ECL reflects:

• 

An unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of possible 

outcomes;

• 

The time value of money; and

• 

Reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort at the reporting 

date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECL, except for financial instruments on 

which credit risk has not increased significantly since their initial recognition.

12-month ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that result from default events on a financial instrument 

that are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date. Note 33(h) provides more details on how the 

expected loss allowance is measured.

129

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.10 

Recognition of Income and Expense (continued)

2.10.7 Impairment of Financial Assets (continued)

Modified financial assets

If the terms of a financial asset are renegotiated or modified or an existing financial asset is replaced with a new 

one due to financial difficulties of the borrower, then an assessment is made whether the financial asset should 

be derecognised and ECL are measured as follows.

• 

If the expected modification will not result in derecognition of the existing asset then the expected cash 

flows arising from the modified financial asset are included in calculating the cash shortfalls from the 

existing asset.

• 

If the expected modification will result in derecognition of the existing asset, then the expected fair 

value of the new asset is treated as the final cash flow from the existing financial asset at the time of its 

derecognition. This amount is included in calculating the cash shortfalls from the existing financial asset 

that are discounted from the expected date of derecognition to the reporting date using the original 

effective interest rate of the existing financial asset.

Credit-impaired financial assets

At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether financial assets measured at amortised cost and debt 

financial assets measured at FVOCI are credit-impaired. A financial asset is ‘credit-impaired’ when one or more 

events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred. 

The Group considers factors such as probability of insolvency or significant financial difficulties of the debtor 

and default or significant delay in payments.

For financial assets that are not credit-impaired at the reporting date: the ECL is the present value of all cash 

shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the contract and the 

cash flows that the Group expects to receive).

For financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date: the ECL is the difference between the gross 

carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows.

Write-off

Loans and debt securities are written off (either partially or in full) when there is no realistic prospect of recovery. 

This is generally the case when the Group determines that the borrower does not have assets or sources 

of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off. However, 

financial assets that are written off could still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the 

Group’s procedures for recovery of amounts due.

2.10.8 Fees and Other Income

Fees and other income comprise mainly management and advisory fee income.  Management and advisory 

fee income includes income earned from the provision of administration services, investment management 

services, surrenders and other contract fees.  This fee income is recognised as revenue over the period in 

which the services are rendered.  If the fees are for services to be provided in future periods, then they are 

deferred and recognised over those periods.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

130


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.10 

Recognition of Income and Expense (continued)

2.10.9 Employee Benefits

Defined Contribution Plans under Statutory Regulations

The Group participates in the national pension schemes as defined by the laws of the countries in which it has 

operations.  In particular, the Singapore and Malaysia companies in the Group make contributions respectively 

to the Central Provident Fund and Employees’ Provident Fund, which are defined contribution pension 

schemes.  These contributions are recognised as an expense in the period in which the service is rendered.

Employee Leave Entitlements

An employee’s entitlement to annual leave and long-service leave is estimated and accrued according to the 

Group’s Human Resource policy. 

Share Options

Senior executives of the Group are granted share options in the OCBC Bank’s Share Option Scheme as 

consideration for services rendered. Options granted are exercisable for up to 10 years. The options may be 

exercised after the first anniversary of the date of the grant, and generally vest in one-third increments over a 

3-year period. The cost of these options are recognised as expense in the Profit or Loss Statement based on 

the fair value of the options at the date of the grant. The expense is recognised over the vesting period of the 

grant, with a corresponding increase in intercompany balance with the holding company. 

The cumulative expense recognised at each reporting date until the vesting date reflects the extent to which 

the vesting period has expired and the Group’s best estimate of the number of options that will ultimately vest. 

The charge or credit to profit or loss for a period represents the movement in cumulative expense recognised 

as at the beginning and end of that period.

No expense is recognised for options that do not ultimately vest, except for options where vesting is conditional 

upon a market or non-vesting condition, which are treated as vested irrespective of whether or not the market 

condition or non-vesting condition is satisfied, provided that all other performance and/or service conditions 

are satisfied.  In the case where the option does not vest as a result of a failure to meet a non-vesting condition 

that is within the control of the Group or the senior executives, it is accounted for as a cancellation.  In such 

case, the amount of the compensation cost that otherwise would be recognised over the remainder of the 

vesting period is recognised immediately in the Profit or Loss Statement upon cancellation. 

Deferred Share Plan

In addition to the OCBC Bank’s Share Option Scheme, certain employees within the Group are granted OCBC 

shares under the OCBC Deferred Share Plan (“DSP”).  The deferred share awards are granted as part of 

variable performance bonus. Half of the share awards will vest two years from the grant date and the remaining 

half will vest at the end of three years from the grant date.  The cost of the DSP is recognised in the Profit or 

Loss Statement on the straight-line basis over the vesting period of the DSP.  

At each balance sheet date, the cumulative expense is adjusted for the estimated number of shares granted 

under the DSP that have vested and/or lapsed.

131

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.10 

Recognition of Income and Expense (continued)

2.10.10 Leases (Policy applicable before 1 January 2019)

The determination of whether an arrangement is, or contains a lease is based on the substance of the 

arrangement at inception date: whether fulfilment of the arrangement is dependent on the use of a specific 

asset or assets or the arrangement conveys a right to use the asset, even if that right is not explicitly specified 

in an arrangement.  For arrangements entered into prior to 1 January 2005, the date of inception is deemed to 

be 1 January 2005 in accordance with the transitional requirements of  SFRS(I) 1-17.

As Lessor

Leases where the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the leased item are 

classified as operating leases.  Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating an operating lease are added to the 

carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term.  The accounting policy for rental 

income is set out in Note 2.10.4.

 

As Lessee

Operating lease payments are recognised as an expense in the Profit or Loss Statement on a straight-line basis 

over the lease term.  The aggregate benefit of incentives provided by the lessor is recognised as a reduction of 

rental expense over the lease term on a straight-line basis.

2.10.11 Leases (Policy applicable after 1 January 2019)

At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or 

contains, a lease if the contract involves the use of an identified asset and conveys the right to control the use 

of the asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration – i.e. the customer has the right to:

• 

obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from using the asset; and

• 

direct the use of the asset.

As Lessee

The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the commencement date of the lease. 

The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the amount of lease liability, any lease 

payments made or before the commencement date, any indirect costs incurred and an estimate of the costs to 

dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, 

less any lease incentives received. The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease 

payments that are not paid at the commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease 

or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group’s incremental borrowing rate. The Group generally uses 

its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate. 

Subsequently, the right-of-use asset is depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement 

date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the lease term. The 

estimated useful lives of the right-of-use assets are determined on the same basis as those of property and 

equipment. In addition, the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset is reduced by any impairment losses and 

adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability. 

The lease liability is subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effect interest method. It is remeasured 

to reflect any lease modifications or reassessments. 

The Group presents its right-of-use assets in ‘property, plant and equipment’ and lease liabilities in ‘other 

creditors’ in the balance sheet. 

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

132


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.10 

Recognition of Income and Expense (continued)

2.10.11 Leases (Policy applicable after 1 January 2019) (continued)

Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have 

a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises the lease payments 

associated with these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

As Lessor

The Group classifies all leases for which it is a lessor as operating leases, because each of these leases does 

not transfer substantially all of the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset. 

Lease payments from operating leases are recognised as income on a straight-line basis over the lease term 

and are included in ‘rental income, net’.

2.11 

Taxes

2.11.1 Current Income Tax

Current income tax assets and liabilities for the current and prior periods are measured at the amount expected 

to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount 

are those that are enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period, in the countries where 

the Group operates and generates taxable income.

Current income taxes are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that the tax relates to items recognised 

outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.  Management periodically 

evaluates positions taken in the tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulations are 

subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate.

2.11.2 Deferred Tax

Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the balance sheet date 

between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.  

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Exceptions include:

• 

Where the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or of an asset or liability in 

a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the 

accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and

• 

In respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates 

and interests in joint ventures, where the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be 

controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carry-forward of unused tax credits 

and unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the 

deductible temporary differences, and the carry-forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be 

utilised except:

• 

Where the deferred income tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the 

initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the 

time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and

• 

In respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates 

and interests in joint ventures, deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable 

that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available 

against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

133

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.11 

Taxes (continued)

2.11.2 Deferred Tax (continued)

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent 

that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax 

asset to be utilised.  Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and 

are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profit will allow the deferred tax 

asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the year 

when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and applicable tax laws and jurisdictions) 

that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.

Deferred tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss.  Deferred 

tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either in other comprehensive income 

or directly in equity and deferred tax arising from a business combination is adjusted against goodwill on 

acquisition.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current income tax 

assets against current income tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the 

same taxation authority.

Tax benefits acquired as part of a business combination, but not satisfying the criteria for separate recognition 

at that date, would be recognised subsequently if new information about facts and circumstances changed. 

The adjustment would either be treated as a reduction to goodwill (as long as it does not exceed goodwill) if it 

is incurred during the measurement period or in profit or loss.

2.11.3 Sales Tax

Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of sales tax except where the sales tax 

incurred on a purchase of assets or services is not recoverable from the taxation authority, in which case 

the sales tax is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense item as 

applicable. Receivables and payables are stated with the amount of sales tax included.

 

The net amount of sales tax recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of 

receivables or payables in the balance sheet.

2.12 

Provisions 

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, 

where it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation 

and the amount of the obligation can be estimated reliably.  

Provisions are reviewed at the end of each reporting period and adjusted to reflect the current best estimate.  If it is 

no longer probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required to settle the obligation, the provision is 

reversed.  If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate that 

reflects, where appropriate, the risks specific to the liability.  Where discounting is used, the increase in the provision 

due to the passage of time is recognised as a finance cost.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

134


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.13 

Policy Benefits

Policy benefits are recognised when the policyholder exercises the option to deposit the survival benefits with the life 

insurance subsidiary companies when the benefit falls due.  Policy benefits are interest bearing at rates adjusted from 

time to time by the life insurance subsidiary companies.  Interest payable on policy benefits is recognised in the Profit 

or Loss Statement as incurred.

2.14 

Claims Admitted or Intimated

Full provision is made for the estimated cost of all life insurance claims notified but not settled at balance sheet date.  

Provision is made for estimated claims incurred but not reported for all classes of general insurance business written.

2.15 

Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits and short-term, highly liquid 

investments with maturity of three months or less, or are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and which are 

subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. 

2.16 

Insurance Receivables

Insurance receivables are recognised when due. They are measured at initial recognition at the fair value received 

or receivable.  Subsequent to initial recognition, insurance receivables are measured at amortised cost, using the 

effective interest method.  A loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses, with 

the impairment loss recognised in the Profit or Loss Statement. Insurance receivables are derecognised when the 

derecognition criteria for financial assets, as described in Note 2.17 has been met.

2.17 

Financial Assets

Initial recognition and measurement

Financial assets are recognised when, and only when, the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the 

financial asset. The Group determines the classification of its financial assets at initial recognition.  At initial recognition, 

the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit 

or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs for 

financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss are recognised as expense in the Profit or Loss Statement. 

Classification

On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as measured at amortised cost, fair value through other 

comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) or fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”).

A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as 

measured at FVTPL:

• 

The asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows; 

and

• 

The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments 

of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

A debt security is measured at FVOCI only if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as 

measured at FVTPL:

• 

The asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash 

flows and selling financial assets; and

• 

The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments 

of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

135

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.17 

Financial Assets (continued)

An equity security that is not held for trading may, by irrevocable election, be designated as measured at FVOCI. This 

election is made on an investment-by-investment basis. The Group has designated certain equity securities held for 

strategic purposes as measured at FVOCI. 

A financial asset that otherwise meets the requirements to be measured at amortised cost or at FVOCI may, by 

irrevocable election, be designated as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting 

mismatch that would otherwise arise. The Group has designated certain debt securities which are held with the intent 

to hold to collect contractual cash flows and sell as measured at FVTPL.  

All other financial assets are classified as measured at FVTPL.

Business model assessment

The Group assesses the objective of the business model in which an asset is held at a portfolio level because this best 

reflects the way the business is managed and information is provided to management. The information considered 

includes:

• 

The stated policies and objectives for the portfolio and the operation of those policies in practice;

• 

How the performance of the portfolio is evaluated and reported to the Group’s management;

• 

The risks that affect the performance of the business model (and the financial assets held within that business 

model) and how those risks are managed;

• 

How managers of the business are compensated; and

• 

The frequency, volume and timing of sales in prior periods, the reasons for such sales and expectations about 

future sales activity. However, information about sales activity is not considered in isolation, but as part of an 

overall assessment of how the Group’s stated objective for managing the financial assets is achieved and how 

cash flows are realised.

Financial assets that are held for trading or managed, and whose performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, are 

measured at FVTPL because they are neither held to collect contractual cash flows nor held both to collect contractual 

cash flows and to sell financial assets.

The business model assessment is based on reasonably expected scenarios without taking “worst case” or “stress 

case” scenarios into account. If the cash flows after initial recognition are realised in a way that is different from the 

Group’s original expectations, the Group does not change the classification of the remaining financial assets held in 

that business model, but incorporates such information when assessing newly originated or newly purchased financial 

assets going forward.

Assessment whether contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest

For the purposes of this assessment, ‘principal’ is defined as the fair value of the financial asset on initial recognition. 

‘Interest’ is defined as consideration for the time value of money and for the credit risk associated with the principal 

amount outstanding during a particular period of time and for other basic lending risks and costs, as well as profit 

margin.

In assessing whether the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest, the Group considers the 

contractual terms of the instrument. This includes assessing whether the financial asset contains a contractual term 

that could change the timing or amount of contractual cash flows such that it would not meet this condition. In making 

the assessment, the Group considers the following key aspects:

• 

Contingent events that would change the amount and timing of cash flows;

• 

Leverage features;

• 

Prepayment and extension terms;

• 

Terms that limit the Group’s claim to cash flows from specified assets; and

• 

Features that modify consideration of the time value of money, credit risk, other basic lending risks and costs 

associated with the principal amount outstanding.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

136


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.17 

Financial Assets (continued)

Subsequent measurement

2.17.1 Debt Instruments

Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing the asset 

and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the asset. The three measurement categories for classification 

of debt instruments are:

(i) 

Amortised cost

Debt instruments that are held for the collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows 

represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost using the effective 

interest method. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in 

the profit or loss. Gains or losses are also recognised in profit or loss when the assets are derecognised.

(ii) 

Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)

Debt instruments that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for sale, where the assets’ 

cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, are classified as FVOCI. Any gains or 

losses from changes in fair value are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in fair 

value reserve. Impairment, foreign exchange gains and losses and interest calculated using the effective 

interest method are recognised in profit or loss. The cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in 

other comprehensive income is reclassified from equity to profit or loss when the financial asset is 

derecognised.

(iii) 

Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)

Debt instruments that do not meet the criteria for classification as amortised cost or FVOCI are measured 

at FVTPL. Any gains or losses from changes in fair value and interest are recognised in profit or loss. 

2.17.2 Equity Instruments

The Group subsequently measures all equity instruments at fair value. On initial recognition of an equity 

instrument that is not held for trading, the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair 

value in OCI. The Group’s policy is to designate equity investments as FVOCI when those investments are 

held for purposes other than to generate investment returns. When this election is used, fair value gains and 

losses are recognised in OCI and are not subsequently reclassified to profit or loss, including on disposal. 

Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) are not reported separately from other changes in fair 

value.  Dividends, when representing a return from such investments are to be recognised in profit or loss when 

the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

Changes in fair value of equity instruments at FVTPL are recognised in profit or loss. 

2.17.3 Derivatives and Hedging Activities

Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are 

subsequently re-measured to their fair value at the end of each reporting period. The accounting for subsequent 

changes in fair value depends on whether the derivative is designated as a hedging instrument, and if so, the 

nature of the item being hedged and the type of hedge relationship designated.

The Group applies hedge accounting for hedges of net investments in foreign operations. At the inception of 

a hedging relationship, the Group formally designates and documents the hedging relationship to which the 

Group wishes to apply hedge accounting and the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the 

hedge. The documentation includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item or transaction, 

the nature of the risk being hedged and how the entity will assess the effectiveness of changes in the hedging 

instrument’s fair value in offsetting the exposure to changes in the hedged item’s fair value or cash flows 

attributable to the hedged risk. 

137

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.17 

Financial Assets (continued)

2.17.3 Derivatives and Hedging Activities (continued)

Such hedges are expected to be highly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows and 

are assessed on an ongoing basis to determine that they actually have been highly effective throughout the 

financial reporting periods for which they were designated.

For hedges of net investments in foreign operations, gains or losses on the hedging instrument relating to 

the effective portion of the hedge are recognised as other comprehensive income while any gains or losses 

relating to the ineffective portion are recognised in the Profit or Loss Statement. On disposal of the foreign 

operation, the cumulative value of any such gains or losses recorded in equity is transferred to the Profit or 

Loss Statement.

The Group uses forward currency contracts as hedges of its exposure to foreign exchange risk on its 

investments in foreign subsidiaries.

2.17.4 Loans and Receivables

Non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active market 

are classified as loans and receivables. Subsequent to initial recognition, loans and receivables are measured 

at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in 

the Profit or Loss Statement when the loans and receivables are derecognised or impaired, and through the 

amortisation process.

Reclassifications

Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition, except in the period after the Group changes 

its business model for managing financial assets.

Derecognition

A financial asset is derecognised where the contractual right to receive cash flows from the asset has expired or has 

been transferred such that substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred. 

On derecognition of a financial asset, except for equity securities measured at FVOCI, the difference between the 

carrying amount of the asset (or the carrying amount allocated to the portion of the asset derecognised) and the 

sum of (i) the consideration received (including any new asset obtained less any new liability assumed) and (ii) any 

cumulative gain or loss that had been recognised in OCI is recognised in Profit or Loss Statement.

On derecognition of equity securities measured at FVOCI, any cumulative gain/loss recognised in OCI is not recognised 

in Profit or Loss Statement. 

On derecognition of all other financial assets in their entirety (or the carrying amount allocated to the portion of the 

asset derecognised), the difference between the carrying amount of the asset and the sum of consideration received 

(including any new asset obtained less any new liability assumed) and any cumulative gain or loss that had been 

recognised in OCI is recognised in the Profit or Loss Statement. 

Any interest in transferred financial assets that qualify for derecognition that is created or retained by the Group is 

recognised as a separate asset or liability.

Regular way purchase or sale of a financial asset

All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised or derecognised on trade date i.e., the date 

that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.  Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of 

financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by regulation or convention in 

the marketplace concerned.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

138


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.18 

Financial Liabilities

Initial recognition and measurement

Financial liabilities are recognised when, and only when the Group becomes a party to the contractual obligations of 

the financial instrument.  The Group determines the classification of its financial liabilities at initial recognition. 

All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value, plus, in the case of financial liabilities other than derivatives, 

directly attributable transaction costs. 

The Group’s financial liabilities include other creditors, provision for agents’ retirement benefits, debt issued and 

insurance payables.

Subsequent measurement

The measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

2.18.1 Financial Liabilities at Fair Value through Profit or Loss

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading.  Financial 

liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling in the near term 

and include derivative financial instruments entered into by the Group that are not designated as hedging 

instruments in hedge relationships.

Subsequent to initial recognition, financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair 

value.  Any gains or losses arising from changes in fair value of the financial liabilities are recognised in the 

Profit or Loss Statement.

 

2.18.2 Financial Liabilities at Amortised Cost

After initial recognition, other financial liabilities that are not carried at fair value through profit or loss are 

subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.  Gains and losses are recognised 

in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised, and through the amortisation process.  

Derecognition

A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is extinguished.  When an existing financial 

liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability 

are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability and 

the recognition of a new liability, and the difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the Profit or 

Loss Statement.

2.19 

Offsetting of Financial Instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is presented in the balance sheet, when and only 

when, there is a currently enforceable legal right to set off the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle 

on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

2.20 

Determination of Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The fair value of financial instruments that are actively traded in organised financial markets is determined by reference 

to quoted or published bid prices on the balance sheet date. If quoted prices are not available over the counter, broker 

or dealer price quotations are used.

For units in unit trusts and shares in open-ended investment companies, fair value is determined by reference to 

published bid-values.

139

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.20 

Determination of Fair Value of Financial Instruments (continued)

For financial instruments where there is no active market, the fair value is determined by using valuation techniques. 

Such techniques include using recent arm’s length transactions, reference to the current market value of another 

instrument which is substantially the same, discounted cash flow analysis and/or option pricing models. For discounted 

cash flow techniques, estimated future cash flows are based on management’s best estimates and the discount rate is 

a market-related rate for a similar instrument. Certain financial instruments, including derivative financial instruments, 

are valued using pricing models that consider, among other factors, contractual, and market prices, correlation, time 

value of money, credit risk, yield curve volatility factors and/or prepayment rates of the underlying positions. The use 

of different pricing models and assumptions could produce materially different estimates of fair values.

The fair value of floating rate and overnight deposits with financial institutions is their carrying value. The carrying cost 

is the cost of the deposit and accrued interest. The fair value of fixed interest-bearing deposits is estimated using 

discounted cash flow techniques. Expected cash flows are discounted at current market rates for similar instruments 

at the balance sheet date.

2.21 

Intangible Assets

2.21.1  Goodwill

Goodwill is initially measured at cost.  Following initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any 

accumulated impairment losses.

For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition 

date, allocated to the Group’s cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the 

combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units.

The cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually and whenever 

there is an indication that the cash-generating unit may be impaired.  Impairment is determined for goodwill 

by assessing the recoverable amount of each cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to 

which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is less than the carrying 

amount, an impairment loss is recognised in the Profit or Loss Statement. Impairment losses recognised for 

goodwill are not reversed in subsequent periods.

Where goodwill forms part of a cash-generating unit and part of the operation within that unit is disposed of, 

the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying amount of the operation 

when determining the gain or loss on disposal of the operation. Goodwill disposed of in this circumstance is 

measured based on the relative fair values of the operation disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating 

unit retained.

 

Goodwill and fair value adjustments which arose on acquisitions of foreign subsidiaries before 1 January 2005 

are deemed to be assets and liabilities of the parent company and are recorded in SGD at the rates prevailing 

at the date of acquisition.

Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of foreign operations on or after 1 January 2005 

are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operations and are recorded in the functional currency of the 

foreign operations and translated at the closing rate at the balance sheet date.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

140


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.21 

Intangible Assets (continued)

2.21.2  Other Intangible Assets

Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. Following initial recognition, 

intangible assets are carried at cost less any accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment 

losses.

The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed as either finite or indefinite. 

Intangible assets with finite lives are amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment 

whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the 

amortisation method are reviewed at least at the end of each reporting period. 

Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortised, but are tested for impairment annually, either 

individually or at the cash-generating unit level. The assessment of indefinite useful life is reviewed annually to 

determine whether the indefinite useful life continues to be supportable. If not, the change in useful life from 

indefinite to finite is made on a prospective basis. 

An intangible asset is derecognised upon disposal (i.e., at the date the recipient obtains control) or when no 

future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising upon derecognition 

of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the 

asset) is included in the Profit or Loss Statement. 

2.22 

Property, Plant and Equipment

All items of property, plant and equipment are initially recorded at cost. Subsequent to recognition, property, plant and 

equipment  are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.  

Freehold land has an unlimited useful life and is not depreciated. No depreciation is provided for 999-year leasehold 

land. No depreciation is provided on capital works in progress as the assets are not yet available for use.

Depreciation of an asset begins when it is available for use and is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated 

useful life of an asset. The useful lives are as follows:

Leasehold land 

Term of lease, up to 99 years

Buildings 

50 years

Office furniture, fittings and equipment 

5 to 10 years

Renovation 

3 to 5 years

Computer equipment and software development costs 

3 to 10 years

Motor vehicles 

5 years

The carrying values of property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in 

circumstances indicate that the carrying values may not be recoverable.  

The residual values, useful life and depreciation method are reviewed at each financial year-end and adjusted 

prospectively, if appropriate.  This is to ensure that the amount, method and period of depreciation are consistent with 

previous estimates and the expected pattern of consumption of the future economic benefits embodied in the items 

of property, plant and equipment.  

An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are 

expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on derecognition of the asset is included in the Profit or Loss 

Statement in the year the asset is derecognised. 

141

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.23 

Investment Properties

Investment properties are properties that are owned by the Group in order to earn rentals or for capital appreciation, 

or both, rather than for use in the production or supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes, or in the 

ordinary course of business.  Investment properties comprise completed investment properties and properties that 

are being constructed or developed for future use as investment properties.

Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including transaction costs. The carrying amount includes the 

cost of replacing part of an existing investment property at the time that cost is incurred if the recognition criteria 

are met.  Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are measured at fair value which reflects market 

conditions at the balance sheet date. Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair values of investment properties 

are recognised in the Profit or Loss Statement in the year in which they arise.

Investment properties are derecognised when either they have been disposed of or when the investment property 

is permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefit is expected from its disposal. Gains or losses 

on the retirement or disposal of an investment property are recognised in the Profit or Loss Statement in the year of 

retirement or disposal. 

Transfers are made to or from investment property only when there is a change in use. For a transfer from investment 

property to owner occupied property, the deemed cost for subsequent accounting is the fair value at the date of 

change in use. For a transfer from owner occupied property to investment property, the property is accounted for in 

accordance with the accounting policy for property, plant and equipment set out in Note 2.22 up to the date of change 

in use.

2.24 

Provision for Agents’ Retirement Benefits

Provision for agents’ retirement benefits is set aside for agents of the Malaysian operations and is calculated in 

accordance with the terms and conditions in the respective agent’s Agreement. The terms and conditions of the 

Agreement stipulate that upon the agent maintaining his position for the qualifying year and achieving the required 

personal sales and minimum new business, the agent shall be allocated a deferred benefit/retirement benefit. The 

deferred benefit/retirement benefit accumulated at Balance Sheet date includes accrued interest. The accrued 

deferred benefit shall only become payable provided the Agreement has been in force for certain continuous contract 

years and the agent has attained the minimum retirement age stipulated in the Agreement.

2.25 

Related Parties

A related party is defined as follows:

(a) 

A person or a close member of that person’s family is related to the Group and Company if that person:

(i) 

Has control or joint control over the Company;

(ii) 

Has significant influence over the Company; or

(iii) 

Is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or Company or of a parent of the Company.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

142


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.25 

Related Parties (continued)

(b) 

An entity is related to the Group and the Company if any of the following conditions applies:

(i) 

The entity and the Company are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary 

and fellow subsidiary is related to the others);

(ii) 

One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a 

member of a group of which the other entity is a member);

(iii) 

Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party;

(iv) 

One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;

(v) 

The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of the employees of either the Company or 

an entity related to the Company.  If the Company is itself such a plan, the sponsoring employers are 

also related to the Company;

(vi) 

The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

(vii) 

A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management 

personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity);

(viii) 

The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services 

to the reporting entity or to the parent of the reporting entity.

In the Company’s financial statements, loans to subsidiaries are interest-free and stated at fair value at inception. 

The difference between the fair value and the loan amount at inception is recognised as additional investment in 

subsidiaries in the Company’s financial statements. Subsequently, these loans are measured at amortised cost using 

the effective interest method. The unwinding of the difference is recognised as interest income in the Profit or Loss 

Statement over the expected repayment period.  

2.26 

Segment Reporting

For management purposes, the Group is organised into operating segments based on their products and services.  

The management regularly reviews the segment results in order to allocate resources to the segments and to assess 

the segment performance.  Additional disclosures on each of these segments are shown in Note 32, including the 

factors used to identify the reportable segments and the measurement basis of segment information.

2.27 

Share Capital and Share Issuance Expenses

Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares are recognised as share capital in equity.  Incremental costs directly 

attributable to the issuance of ordinary shares are deducted against share capital.

2.28 

Contingencies

A contingent liability is:

(a) 

a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence 

or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group; or

(b) 

a present obligation that arises from past events but is not recognised because:

(i) 

it is not probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle 

the obligation; or

(ii) 

the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability.

A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by 

the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group.

Contingent liabilities and assets are not recognised on the balance sheet of the Group, except for contingent liabilities 

assumed in a business combination that are present obligations and for which the fair values can be reliably determined.

143

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.29 

Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments

In the preparation of the Group’s financial statements, management makes estimates, assumptions and judgments 

that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent liabilities 

at the reporting date.  Estimates, assumptions and judgments are continually evaluated and based on internal studies 

of actual historical experience and other factors.  Best estimates and assumptions are constantly reviewed to ensure 

that they remain relevant and valid.  However, uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in 

outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of the asset or liability affected in future 

periods.

2.29.1 Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions

(a) 

Liabilities of insurance business

The estimation of the ultimate liability arising from claims made under life and non-life insurance 

contracts is the Group’s most critical accounting estimate.  There are several sources of uncertainty 

that need to be considered in the estimation of the liabilities that the Group will ultimately be required 

to pay as claims.

For life insurance contracts, estimates are made for future deaths, morbidity, disabilities, lapses, 

voluntary terminations, investment returns and administration expenses. The Group relies on standard 

industry reinsurance and national mortality and morbidity tables which represent historical experience, 

and makes appropriate adjustments for its respective risk exposures and portfolio experience in deriving 

the mortality and morbidity estimates.  These estimates provide the basis for the valuation of the future 

benefits to be paid to policyholders and to ensure adequate provisions which are monitored against 

current and future premiums.  For those contracts that insure risk on longevity and disability, estimates 

are made based on recent past experience and emerging trends. Epidemics and changing patterns of 

lifestyle could result in significant changes to the expected future exposures. Each year, these estimates 

are assessed for adequacy and changes will be reflected as adjustments to insurance fund contract 

liabilities. The carrying value of life insurance contract liabilities as at 31 December 2019 amounted to 

$72,062.5 million (31 December 2018: $65,592.9 million).

For non-life insurance contracts, estimates have to be made for both the expected ultimate cost of 

claims reported at the balance sheet date and for the expected ultimate cost of claims incurred but not 

yet reported at the balance sheet date (“IBNR”).

It can take a significant time before the ultimate claims costs can be established with certainty and for 

some type of policies, IBNR claims form the majority of the balance sheet liability.  The ultimate cost of 

outstanding claims is estimated using a range of standard actuarial claims projection techniques such 

as Chain Ladder and Bornhuetter-Ferguson methods.

The main assumption underlying these techniques is that a company’s past development experience 

can be used to project future claims development and hence, ultimate claim costs.  As such, these 

methods extrapolate the development of paid and incurred losses, average costs per claim and claim 

numbers based on the observed development of earlier years and expected loss ratios.  Historical 

claims development is mainly analysed by accident years but can also be further analysed by significant 

business lines and claims type.  Large claims are usually separately addressed, either by being reserved 

at the face of loss adjustor estimates or separately projected in order to reflect their future development. 

In most cases, no explicit assumptions are made regarding future rates of claims inflation or loss ratios. 

Additional qualitative judgment is used to assess the extent to which past trends may not apply in future, 

(for example, to reflect one-off occurrences, changes in external or market factors, economic conditions 

as well as internal factors such as portfolio mix, policy features and claims handling procedures) in 

order to arrive at the estimated ultimate cost of claims that present the likely outcome from the range of 

possible outcomes, taking account of all uncertainties involved.  The carrying value of non-life insurance 

contract liabilities – claims liabilities, gross as at 31 December 2019 amounted to $280.2 million (31 

December 2018: $236.7 million).

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

144


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.29 

Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments (continued)

2.29.1 Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions (continued)

(b) 

Share option costs

The Group calculates the fair value of share options using the binomial model which requires input of 

certain variables which are determined based on assumptions made.  Further details are provided in 

Note 29.

(c) 

Income taxes

The Group is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions.  Significant judgment is required in 

determining the deductibility of certain expenses during the estimation of the provision for income taxes. 

There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain 

during the ordinary course of business.  The Group recognises liabilities for anticipated tax issues based 

on estimates of whether additional taxes will be due.  Where the final tax outcome of these matters 

is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the income tax 

and deferred tax provisions in the period in which the determination is made.  The carrying amount of 

the income tax and deferred tax provisions as at 31 December 2019 amounted to $2,101.0 million (31 

December 2018: $1,639.8 million).

(d) 

Provision for agents’ retirement benefits

Provision for agents’ retirement benefits is calculated in accordance with the terms and conditions 

of the agreement, which stipulate that upon the agent maintaining his position for the qualifying year 

and achieving the required personal sales and minimum new business, the Group shall allocate to the 

agent a deferred benefit/retirement benefit.  Interest is accrued based on an estimated rate at the end 

of the financial year on the accumulated deferred benefit/retirement benefit with an adjustment made 

subsequent to year end for changes in certain statutory dividend rates.  Additional provision is made to 

cover estimated liability for future benefits payable in the event of death, disability, investment returns 

and benefits payable.  The agents’ retirement benefit becomes vested and payable upon fulfilment of 

the stipulated conditions.

 

Judgment is required to estimate the provision to be made, based upon the likely fulfilment of the 

conditions and occurrence of the claimable event.  At each reporting year, these estimates are reassessed 

for adequacy and changes will be reflected as adjustments to the provision.  The carrying amount of 

agents’ retirement benefits as at 31 December 2019 amounted to $294.0 million (31 December 2018: 

$276.1 million).

145

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2 

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.29 

Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments (continued)

2.29.2 Critical Judgments in Applying Accounting Policies

(a) 

Impairment of goodwill

The Group conducts impairment tests on the carrying value of goodwill in accordance with the accounting 

policy stated in Note 2.21.  The recoverable amounts of cash-generating units are determined based 

on the value-in-use method, which adopts a discounted cash flow approach on projections, budgets 

and forecasts over a 5-year period.  Cash flows beyond the fifth year are extrapolated using estimated 

terminal growth rates not exceeding the long-term average growth of the industry and country in 

which the cash-generating unit operates.  The discount rates applied to the cash flow projections are 

derived from the Group’s weighted average cost of capital at the date of assessment.  Changes to the 

assumptions, particularly the discount rate and terminal growth rate, may significantly affect the results 

of the impairment test.  Further details of the key assumptions applied in the impairment assessment of 

goodwill are provided in Note 26.

(b) 

Impairment of financial assets 

The impairment provisions for financial assets are based on assumptions about risk of default and 

expected loss rates. The Group uses judgment in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs 

to the impairment calculation, based on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as 

forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting period. For details of the key assumptions and 

inputs used, see Note 33(h). 

(c) 

Insurance contract classification 

Contracts are classified as insurance contracts where they transfer significant insurance risk from the 

policyholder to the Group. The Group exercises judgment about the level of insurance risk transferred. 

The level of insurance risk is assessed by considering whether upon the insured event the Group is 

required to pay significant additional benefits. These additional benefits include claims liability and 

assessment costs, but exclude the loss of the ability to charge the policyholder for future services. The 

assessment covers the whole of the expected term of the contract where such additional benefits could 

be payable. Some contracts contain options for the policyholder to purchase insurance risk protection 

at a later date; these insurance risks are deemed not significant. 

(d) 

Property classification

The Group adopts certain criteria based on SFRS(I) 1-40, Investment Property in determining whether a 

property qualifies to be classified as an investment property.  Investment property is a property held to 

earn rentals or for capital appreciation or both.

Some properties comprise a portion that is held to earn rentals or for capital appreciation and another 

portion that is held for use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes. 

If these portions could be sold separately (or leased separately under a finance lease), the Group would 

account for these portions separately.  If the portions could not be sold separately, the property is an 

investment property only if an insignificant portion is held for use in the production or supply of goods or 

services or for administrative purposes.  Judgment is made on an individual property basis to determine 

whether ancillary services are so significant that a property does not qualify as investment property.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

146


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

3 

SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES 

Country of 

Incorporation Principal Activities

Effective 

interest

held by GEH

2019

2018

%

%

(i)

SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES

Held by the Company

The Great Eastern Life Assurance Company Limited(3.1)

Singapore

Life assurance

 100.0  100.0 

Great Eastern General Insurance Limited(3.1)

Singapore

Composite insurance  100.0  100.0 

Lion Global Investors Limited(3.1)

Singapore

Asset management

 70.0 

 70.0 

The Great Eastern Trust Private Limited(3.1)

Singapore

Investment holding

 100.0  100.0 

Held through subsidiaries

Great Eastern Life Assurance (Malaysia) Berhad(3.2)

Malaysia

Life assurance

 100.0  100.0 

Great Eastern General Insurance (Malaysia) Berhad(3.2) Malaysia

General insurance

 100.0  100.0 

P.T. Great Eastern Life Indonesia(3.2)

Indonesia

Life assurance

 99.5 

 99.5 

P.T. Great Eastern General Insurance Indonesia(3.3)&amp;(3.5)

Indonesia

General insurance

 95.0 

 – 

Straits Eastern Square Private Limited(3.1)

Singapore

Property investment

 100.0  100.0 

218 Orchard Private Limited(3.1)

Singapore

Property investment

 100.0  100.0 

Great Eastern Takaful Bhd(3.2)

Malaysia

Family Takaful 

business

 70.0 

 70.0 

LGlobal Funds-Asia High Dividend Equity(3.3)&amp;(3.4)

Luxembourg

Collective portfolio 

investment fund

 15.2 

 14.2 

Affin Hwang Wholesale Income Fund(3.3)

Malaysia

Wholesale fixed 

income fund

 100.0  100.0 

Aminstitutional Income Bond Fund(3.3)

Malaysia

Wholesale fixed 

income fund

 100.0 

 – 

(ii)

SIGNIFICANT ASSOCIATES

Held through subsidiaries

Lion Indian Real Estate Fund(3.3)

Cayman 

Islands

Real Estate 

Investment Trust

 45.5 

 45.5 

(3.1)

Audited by Ernst &amp; Young LLP, Singapore.

(3.2)

Audited by member firms of EY Global in the respective countries.

(3.3)

Audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers.

(3.4)

LGlobal Funds-Asia High Dividend Equity is considered a subsidiary as the Group is deemed to have control over the fund in accordance with 

SFRS(I) 10.

(3.5)

In May 2019, Great Eastern General Insurance acquired 95% of the share capital of PT QBE General Insurance Indonesia, a general insurance 

company in Indonesia. The name changed to "P.T. Great Eastern General Insurance Indonesia" in May 2019.

147

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

4

INVESTMENT INCOME, NET

Group

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

2019

2018

Dividend income

–  Investments

Financial assets measured at FVOCI

 68.7 

 123.1 

Financial assets mandatorily measured at FVTPL

 532.8 

 577.9 

 601.5 

 701.0 

Interest income

–  Investments

Financial instruments measured at FVOCI

 270.6 

 246.6 

Financial instruments mandatorily measured at FVTPL

 146.4 

 83.9 

Financial instruments designated as at FVTPL

 1,495.0 

 1,393.6 

–  Financial assets at amortised cost

 339.8 

 321.1 

 2,251.8 

 2,045.2 

 2,853.3 

 2,746.2 

less: Investment related expenses 

 (141.1)

 (121.9)

 2,712.2 

 2,624.3 

During the year ended 31 December 2019, $12.6 million (2018: $17.0 million) of the dividend income relates to equity 

investments measured at FVOCI which were derecognised during the reporting year.

5

GAIN/(LOSS) ON SALE OF INVESTMENTS AND CHANGES IN FAIR VALUE

Group

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note

2019

2018

Realised gain from sale of investments

 – 

 1.5 

Changes in fair value of investment properties

27

 14.3 

 40.2 

Net gain/(loss) on sale of debt securities measured at FVOCI

 130.4 

 (5.5)

Changes in fair value of investments

– mandatorily measured at FVTPL

 2,720.1 

 (2,197.9)

– designated as at FVTPL

 1,737.0 

 (469.1)

 4,457.1 

 (2,667.0)

 4,601.8 

 (2,630.8)

6

PROVISION FOR AGENTS' RETIREMENT BENEFITS

Group

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

2019

2018

Balance at the beginning of the year

 276.1 

 276.0 

Currency translation reserve adjustment 

 (0.7)

 (1.0)

Increase in provision for the year

 42.3 

 27.8 

Paid during the year

 (23.7)

 (26.7)

Balance at the end of the year

 294.0 

 276.1 

As at 31 December 2019, $115.1 million (31 December 2018: $99.7 million) of the above provision for agents' retirement 

benefits is payable within one year.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

148


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

7

ADDITIONAL PROFIT OR LOSS DISCLOSURES

Group

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note

2019

2018

Fees paid to auditors

 10.8 

 4.9 

Audit fees paid to Auditor of the Company

 1.6 

 1.8 

Audit fees paid to other auditors

 0.7 

 0.4 

Non-audit fees paid to Auditor of the Company

 5.4 

 1.8 

Non-audit fees paid to other auditors

 3.1 

 0.9 

Staff costs and related expenses (including executive directors and key 

management personnel compensation)

 395.0 

 307.2 

Salaries, wages, bonuses and other costs

 353.8 

 269.0 

Central Provident Fund / Employee Provident Fund

 34.9 

 31.9 

Share-based payments

 6.3 

 6.3 

Fee income

 74.7 

 75.7 

Fund management fee

 73.4 

 74.7 

Financial advisory fee

 1.3 

 1.0 

Gain/(Loss) on disposal of property, plant and equipment

 0.1 

 (1.1)

Property, plant and equipment 

 0.1 

 0.4 

Assets held for sale

 – 

 (1.5)

Depreciation and amortisation expenses

 73.5 

 56.7 

Depreciation

28

 73.4 

 56.7 

Amortisation 

26

 0.1 

 – 

Interest expense

 190.4 

 173.4 

On policy benefits

 189.3 

 173.4 

On lease liability

28

 1.1 

 – 

Provision for impairment of assets

33

 28.5 

 (40.4)

8

INCOME TAX

Major components of income tax expense

The major components of income tax expense for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018 are:

Group

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

2019

2018

(a)

Tax attributable to policyholders' returns: 

Current income tax:

– Current income taxation

 168.6 

 158.4 

– (Over)/under provision in respect of previous years

 (73.1)

 0.7 

 95.5 

 159.1 

Deferred income tax:

– Origination and reversal of temporary differences

 308.3 

 (119.0)

 308.3 

 (119.0)

 403.8 

 40.1 

149

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

8

INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)

Major components of income tax expense (continued)

Group

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note

2019

2018

(b)

Income tax expense

Current income tax:

– Current income taxation

 201.9 

 160.7 

– Over provision in respect of previous years

 (23.5)

 (2.5)

 178.4 

 158.2 

Deferred income tax:

– Origination and reversal of temporary differences

 (7.0)

 (0.1)

 (7.0)

 (0.1)

 171.4 

 158.1 

Total tax charge for the year recognised in Profit or Loss Statement

 575.2 

 198.2 

Deferred tax (liabilities)/assets for the year, on fair value changes of fair value through other 

comprehensive income investments, charged directly to other comprehensive income:

– equity

 (115.3)

 97.2 

– insurance funds

15

 (0.3)

 0.1 

Relationship between income tax expense and accounting profit

The reconciliation between income tax expense and the product of accounting profit multiplied by the applicable 

corporate tax rate for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018 is as follows:

Profit before share of loss of associates

 1,193.8 

 908.6 

Tax at the domestic rates applicable to profits in the countries where the 

Group operates

 228.5 

 187.1 

Adjustments:

Foreign tax paid not recoverable

 4.1 

 8.6 

Permanent differences

 100.5 

 67.7 

Tax exempt income

 (128.5)

 (102.9)

Deferred tax assets not recognised

 – 

 0.1 

Over provision in respect of previous years

 (23.5)

 (2.5)

Deferred tax recognised for prior years’ losses

 (9.7)

 – 

Income tax expense recognised in the Profit or Loss Statement

 171.4 

 158.1 

The above reconciliation is prepared by aggregating separate reconciliations for each national jurisdiction.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

150


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

8

INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Group

Note

2019

2018

Deferred Tax

Balance at the beginning of the year

 1,132.1 

 1,348.0 

Currency translation reserve adjustment

 (0.9)

 0.4 

Acquisition of subsidiary

24

 (4.7)

 – 

Deferred tax charge taken to Profit or Loss Statement:

Other temporary differences

 (0.3)

 28.3 

Fair value changes

 91.0 

 (98.3)

Provision against future policyholders' bonus

15

 220.2 

 (49.1)

Deferred tax on fair value changes of investments at FVOCI 

 115.3 

 (97.2)

Deferred tax recognised for prior years' losses 

 (9.7)

 – 

 1,543.0 

 1,132.1 

Deferred taxes at 31 December related to the following:

Balance Sheets

Deferred tax liabilities:

Differences in depreciation for tax purposes

 11.5 

 10.8 

Accrued investment income

 1.3 

 1.4 

Net unrealised gains on investments

 278.0 

 111.2 

Net accretion on fixed income investments

 45.9 

 47.6 

Undistributed bonus to policyholders

 1,181.3 

 961.9 

Differences in insurance items

 42.6 

 42.7 

Deferred tax liabilities

 1,560.6 

 1,175.6 

Deferred tax assets:

Net unrealised loss on investments

 0.3 

 40.4 

Unutilised tax losses carried forward

 10.6 

 – 

Net amortisation on fixed income investments

 – 

 1.7 

Other accruals and provisions

 6.6 

 1.4 

Leases

 0.1 

 – 

Deferred tax assets

 17.6 

 43.5 

Net deferred tax liabilities

 1,543.0 

 1,132.1 

151

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

8

INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Group

Note

2019

2018

Deferred taxes at 31 December related to the following:

Profit or Loss Statement

Deferred tax liabilities:

Differences in depreciation for tax purposes

 0.7 

 (1.3)

Accrued investment income

 (0.1)

 (0.2)

Net unrealised gain/(loss) on investments

 51.5 

 (42.9)

Net accretion on fixed income investments

 (1.7)

 29.7 

Undistributed bonus to policyholders

15

 220.2 

 (49.1)

Deferred tax assets:

Net unrealised gain/(loss) on investments

 40.1 

(40.4)

Unutilised tax losses carried forward

 (7.7)

 – 

Net amortisation on fixed income investments

 1.8 

 (11.8)

Other accruals and provisions

 (3.4)

 (3.1)

Leases

 (0.1)

 – 

Deferred tax expense

 301.3 

 (119.1)

Unrecognised tax losses

At the balance sheet date, the Group has tax losses of approximately $28.3 million (31 December 2018: $2.8 million) 

that are available for offset against future taxable profits of the companies in which the losses arose, for which no 

deferred tax asset is recognised due to uncertainty of its recoverability.  The use of these tax losses is subject to 

the agreement of the tax authorities and compliance with certain provisions of the tax legislation of the respective 

countries in which the companies operate.

There are no unrecognised temporary differences relating to investments in subsidiaries.

9

EARNINGS PER SHARE

Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net profit for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders by the 

weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year.

Diluted and basic earnings per share are the same as there are no dilutive potential ordinary shares.

The following reflects the profit for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders and the weighted average number 

of shares outstanding during the year, used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the years 

ended 31 December:

 Group 

2019

2018

Profit attributable to ordinary shareholders for computation  

of basic and diluted earnings per share

 (in millions of 

Singapore Dollars)

 1,003.8 

 740.7 

Weighted average number of ordinary shares on issue 

applicable to basic and diluted earnings per share

 (in millions) 

 473.3 

 473.3 

Basic and diluted earnings per share

 (in Singapore Dollars) 

$2.12 

$1.56 

There have been no transactions involving ordinary shares or potential ordinary shares since the reporting date and 

before the completion of these financial statements.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

152


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

10

SHARE CAPITAL

 Group and Company 

2019

2018

 Number of 

shares 

 Amount

$’mil 

 Number of 

shares 

 Amount

$’mil 

Ordinary shares: Issued and fully paid

Balance at the beginning and end of the year

 

473,319,069 

 152.7 

 473,319,069 

 152.7 

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as and when declared by the Company.  All ordinary 

shares carry one vote per share without restriction.

In accordance with the Companies Act Cap. 50, the shares of the Company have no par value.

11

RESERVES

Merger reserve represents the difference between the fair value and nominal value of shares issued for the acquisition 

of a subsidiary. The merger reserve had been utilised in part in prior years to write-off the goodwill on acquisition of 

the subsidiary.

The currency translation reserve represents exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements 

of foreign operations whose functional currencies are different from that of the Group's presentation currency.  The 

currency translation reserve is also used to record the effect of hedging of net investment in foreign operations.

The fair value reserve comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value of financial assets measured at FVOCI and 

the related loss allowance recognised in profit or loss until the assets are derecognised, net of tax.

The other reserve represents the gain or loss on disposal of interest in subsidiary, without loss of control, reclassifed 

to equity. 

As at 31 December 2019, non-distributable reserves of $1,970.2 million (31 December 2018: $2,212.9 million) have 

been set aside by the Group's insurance entities to meet risk-based capital requirements for regulatory reporting 

purposes.  These reserves are deemed statutory reserves and are not available for distribution to shareholders.  These 

statutory reserves are measured according to the regulatory prescriptions and are subject to changes in line with the 

underlying risks underwritten by the respective businesses.  Refer to Note 33 for more details. 

12

INSURANCE PAYABLES

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Group

2019

2018

Claims admitted or intimated

 336.7 

 279.4 

Policy benefits

 4,672.1 

 4,192.0 

Reinsurance liabilities

 196.2 

 147.8 

 5,205.0 

 4,619.2 

Policy benefits bear interest at 3% per annum (2018: 3% per annum) for the Group's insurance subsidiaries in 

Singapore and at 5% per annum (2018: 5% per annum) for the Group's insurance subsidiaries in Malaysia.

153

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

13

OTHER CREDITORS

Other creditors comprise the following:

Group

Company

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note

2019

2018

2019

2018

Financial Liabilities:

Accrued expenses and other creditors

 1,484.9 

 1,377.8 

 7.1 

 7.7 

Amount due to Ministry of Health(1)

15

 1,572.3 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Investment creditors

 705.5 

 192.5 

 – 

 – 

Interest payable

 9.2 

 9.2 

 – 

 – 

Amount due to holding company(2)

 2.8 

 5.0 

 – 

 – 

Third-party interests in consolidated investment funds(3)

 27.9 

 27.6 

 – 

 – 

Lease liabilities

 95.6 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 3,898.2 

 1,612.1 

 7.1 

 7.7 

Non-Financial Liabilities:

Premiums in suspense

 44.1 

 35.0 

 – 

 – 

Provision for reinstatement costs

 3.3 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 3,945.6 

 1,647.1 

 7.1 

 7.7 

(1)

On 28 December 2018, The Great Eastern Life Assurance Company Limited entered into an Agreement to Transfer with Ministry of Health ("MOH") 

for the Government to take over the administration of the ElderShield scheme. Following the enactment of Careshield Life and Long-Term Care Act 

2019, The Great Eastern Life Assurance Company Limited has derecognised the liabilities of the Eldershield portfolio as at 31 December 2019.  The 

Great Eastern Life Assurance Company Limited is expected to transfer the amount due to MOH and corresponding assets backing these liabilities 

to MOH at a later date.

(2)

Amount due to holding company is non-trade related, unsecured, interest-free, repayable upon demand and is to be settled in cash.

(3)

Third-party interests in consolidated investment funds consist of third-party unit holders' interests in consolidated investment funds which are 

reflected as a liability since they can be put back to the Group for cash.

14

DEBT ISSUED

 Group 

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

 Issue Date  Maturity Date 

2019

2018

Issued by The Great Eastern Life Assurance 

 Company Limited:

$400.0 million 4.6% subordinated fixed rate notes

 19 Jan 2011 

 19 Jan 2026 

 399.9 

 399.8 

 399.9 

 399.8 

On 19 January 2011, one of the Group's subsidiaries issued $400.0 million subordinated fixed rate notes ("Notes") due 

2026 callable in 2021.  The Notes will initially bear interest at the rate of 4.6% per annum, payable semi-annually on 19 

January and 19 July each year up to 19 January 2021.  If the Notes are not redeemed or purchased and cancelled on 

19 January 2021, the interest rate from that date will be reset at a fixed rate per annum equal to the aggregate of the 

then prevailing 5-year SGD Swap Offer Rate and 1.35%, payable semi-annually in arrears.  The subordinated notes 

qualify as Tier 2 capital for the Group.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

154


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

15

INSURANCE CONTRACT LIABILITIES

Group

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note

2019

2018

Life insurance contracts

15.1

 75,204.4 

 68,260.3 

Non-life insurance contracts

15.2

 459.2 

 383.5 

 75,663.6 

 68,643.8 

15.1

Life insurance contracts

Life insurance contract liabilities

 72,062.5 

 65,592.9 

Unallocated surplus

 3,138.3 

 2,668.0 

Fair value reserve(1)

 3.6 

 (0.6)

 75,204.4 

 68,260.3 

Movement in life insurance contract liabilities

Balance at the beginning of the year

 68,260.3 

 65,151.0 

Adoption of SFRS(I) 9

 – 

 (3.2)

Balance at the beginning of the year, restated

 68,260.3 

 65,147.8 

Currency translation reserve adjustment 

 (44.5)

 (70.3)

Fair value reserve movement

– Fair value changes on remeasuring FVOCI investments

 5.0 

 (1.3)

– Changes in allowance for expected credit losses

 – 

 0.3 

– Transfer of fair value reserve to Profit or Loss Statement on sale 

of investments

 (0.5)

 0.3 

– Deferred tax on fair value changes

8

 (0.3)

 0.1 

Change in life insurance contract liabilities

– Due to assumptions change

 48.0 

 (8.4)

– Due to change in discount rate

 342.0 

 (138.7)

– Due to movement during the year

 7,913.1 

 3,527.2 

Provision for deferred tax on future policyholders' bonus

8

 (220.2)

 49.1 

Changes due to transfer of Eldershield portfolio

13

 (1,572.3)

 – 

Unallocated surplus

 473.8 

 (245.8)

Balance at the end of the year

15

 75,204.4 

 68,260.3 

Life insurance contract liabilities at 31 December comprised the following:

Contracts with Discretionary Participating Features ("DPF")

 53,498.3 

 48,091.2 

Contracts without Discretionary Participating Features ("DPF")

 11,322.2 

 11,325.3 

Investment-linked contracts

 7,242.0 

 6,176.4 

 72,062.5 

 65,592.9 

(1) 

The above fair value reserve is deemed equity of Life Insurance Fund.

155

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

15

INSURANCE CONTRACT LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

15.2

Non-life insurance contracts 

Group

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note

2019

2018

Non-life Insurance Contracts comprises:

Net claims liabilities

 148.2 

 116.3 

Reinsurers' share of claims liabilities

17

 132.0 

 120.4 

Claims liabilities, gross

 280.2 

 236.7 

Net premium liabilities

 115.3 

 95.7 

Reinsurers' share of premium liabilities

17

 63.7 

 51.1 

Premium liabilities, gross

 179.0 

 146.8 

Total

15

 459.2 

 383.5 

Movement in claims liabilities

Balance at the beginning of the year

 116.3 

 111.6 

Currency translation reserve adjustment 

 0.1 

 (0.1)

Acquisition of subsidiary

24

 35.3 

 – 

Increase in claims liabilities during the year, gross

 32.5 

 (3.2)

Movement in reinsurer's share of claims liabilities during the year

 (36.0)

 8.0 

Balance at the end of the year

 148.2 

 116.3 

Movement in premium liabilities

Balance at the beginning of the year

 95.7 

 84.5 

Currency translation reserve adjustment 

 (1.0)

 (0.2)

Acquisition of subsidiary

24

 8.0 

 – 

Increase in premium liabilities during the year, gross

 24.8 

 17.5 

Movement in reinsurer's share in premium liabilities during the year

 (12.2)

 (6.1)

Balance at the end of the year

 115.3 

 95.7 

16

OTHER DEBTORS 

Group

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note

2019

2018

Other debtors comprise the following:

Financial Assets:

Accrued interest and dividend receivable

 626.7 

 575.4 

Investment debtors

 409.8 

 380.0 

Other receivables

 32.9 

 55.5 

Deposits collected

 7.5 

 3.7 

19

 1,076.9 

 1,014.6 

Non-Financial Assets:

Prepayments and others

 48.0 

 58.9 

 1,124.9 

 1,073.5 

As at 31 December 2019, the Company had prepayments of $0.2 million (31 December 2018: $0.1 million).

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

156


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

17

INSURANCE RECEIVABLES

Group

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note

2019

2018

Insurance receivables comprise the following:

Financial Assets:

Due from policyholders:

 Outstanding premiums

33

 416.7 

 261.5 

 Policy loans

 2,387.0 

 2,344.9 

Due from reinsurers:

 Amounts due from reinsurers

 32.4 

 16.2 

19

 2,836.1 

 2,622.6 

Non-Financial Assets:

Reinsurers' share of:

 Premium liabilities

15

 63.7 

 51.1 

 Claims liabilities

15

 132.0 

 120.4 

 3,031.8 

 2,794.1 

18

AMOUNTS DUE FROM SUBSIDIARIES 

Company

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note

2019

2018

Amounts due from subsidiaries

 3,003.1 

 2,655.4 

Loans to subsidiaries

 9.1 

 9.1 

Provision for impairment of unsecured loan to subsidiary

 (7.0)

 (7.0)

19

 3,005.2 

 2,657.5 

The amounts due from subsidiaries and loans to subsidiaries are non-trade related, unsecured, interest-free, repayable 

on demand and are to be settled in cash.

157

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

19

LOANS AND FINANCIAL ASSETS AT AMORTISED COST

Group

Company

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note

2019

2018

2019

2018

Loans comprise the following:

Secured loans

 874.1 

 1,049.9 

 – 

 – 

Unsecured loans

 245.0 

 300.4 

 – 

 – 

 1,119.1 

 1,350.3 

 – 

 – 

less: Provision for impairment of secured loans

33

 43.4 

 15.3 

 – 

 – 

 

Provision for impairment of unsecured loans

33

 4.2 

 5.4 

 – 

 – 

 1,071.5 

 1,329.6 

 – 

 – 

If loans were carried at fair value, the carrying amounts would be as follows:

Loans

 1,083.0 

 1,344.2 

 – 

 – 

Loans and financial assets at amortised cost:

Cash and cash equivalents

 6,215.9 

 5,705.1 

 17.3 

 42.6 

Other debtors

16

 1,076.9 

 1,014.6 

 – 

 – 

Insurance receivables

17

 2,836.1 

 2,622.6 

 – 

 – 

Loans

 1,071.5 

 1,329.6 

 – 

 – 

Debt securities

21

 126.5 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Amounts due from subsidiaries 

18

 – 

 – 

 3,005.2 

 2,657.5 

Total loans and financial assets at amortised cost

 11,326.9 

 10,671.9 

 3,022.5 

 2,700.1 

19.1 

Loans analysed by Interest Rate Sensitivity and Geography

Fixed

Singapore

 221.9 

 174.5 

 – 

 – 

Malaysia

 442.6 

 817.9 

 – 

 – 

 664.5 

 992.4 

 – 

 – 

Floating

Singapore

 407.0 

 337.2 

 – 

 – 

Total

 1,071.5 

 1,329.6 

 – 

 – 

The analysis by interest rate sensitivity is based on where the transactions are booked and where the credit risk 

resides.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

158


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

20

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Notional 

Principal

Derivative 

Financial 

Assets

Derivative 

Financial 

Liabilities

Notional 

Principal

Derivative 

Financial 

Assets

Derivative 

Financial 

Liabilities

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

2019

2019

2019

2018

2018

2018

Foreign exchange:

Forwards

 19,288.8 

 187.6 

 (68.7)

 12,831.5 

 88.3 

 (28.9)

Currency swaps

 6,842.1 

 147.3 

 (123.4)

 6,706.6 

 105.1 

 (261.4)

Options

 484.1 

 0.5 

 (0.1)

 163.6 

 0.2 

 (0.4)

Interest rates:

Swaps

 1,217.1 

 51.8 

 (0.4)

 783.7 

 27.6 

 (0.6)

Exchange traded futures

 467.7 

 0.5 

 (1.6)

 457.2 

 5.4 

 (2.3)

Equity:

Futures

 202.8 

 0.2 

 (1.4)

 0.2 

 0.3 

 (1.0)

Options

 39.0 

 4.2 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (0.1)

Credit:

Swaps

 327.3 

 25.1 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 28,868.9 

 417.2 

 (195.6)

 20,942.8 

 226.9 

 (294.7)

The table above shows the fair value of derivative financial instruments, recorded as assets or liabilities together 

with their notional amounts.  The notional amount, recorded gross, is the amount of a derivative's underlying asset, 

reference rate or index and the basis upon which changes in the value of derivatives are measured.

The fair value of derivatives shown above represents the current risk exposure but not the maximum risk exposure 

that would arise in the future as a result of the changes in value.

20.1

Hedge of net investments in foreign operations

Included in derivative financial instruments as at 31 December 2018 were foreign exchange forward contracts 

designated as hedges of the net investments in the Group's subsidiaries.  The foreign exchange forward contracts 

are being used to hedge the Group's exposure to foreign exchange risk on these investments.  The movement in fair 

value of the foreign exchange forward contracts are transferred to other comprehensive income to offset any gains 

or losses on translation of the net investments in the subsidiaries.  There is no ineffectiveness in the year ended 31 

December 2018.

Notional 

Principal

Derivative 

Financial 

Assets

Derivative 

Financial 

Liabilities

Notional 

Principal

Derivative 

Financial 

Assets

Derivative 

Financial 

Liabilities

in Singapore Dollars  (millions)

2019

2019

2019

2018

2018

2018

Foreign exchange:

Forwards

 – 

 – 

 – 

 493.7 

 1.4 

 (1.9)

159

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

21

INVESTMENTS

21.1

Financial assets at FVOCI

Group

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

2019

2018

Equity securities designated at FVOCI

(i)

Quoted equity securities

 1,554.6 

 1,819.6 

– Singapore Exchange

 358.8 

 528.7 

– Hong Kong Stock Exchange

 407.1 

 198.2 

– Australian Stock Exchange

 233.7 

 516.4 

– Taiwan Stock Exchange

 206.1 

 233.2 

– Others

 348.9 

 343.1 

(ii)

Unquoted equity securities

 34.5 

 32.5 

 1,589.1 

 1,852.1 

Debt securities

(iii)

Quoted debt securities(1)

 6,758.0 

 5,414.9 

(iv)

Unquoted debt securities

 1,908.5 

 1,543.8 

 8,666.5 

 6,958.7 

Total securities measured at FVOCI

 10,255.6 

 8,810.8 

During the financial year ended 31 December 2019, the Group sold listed equity securities as the underlying investments 

are no longer aligned with the Group's long-term investment strategy. These investments had a fair value of $1,275.7 

million (2018: $1,379.5 million) at the date of disposal. The cumulative loss on disposal of $99.5 million (2018: $50.0 

million) was reclassified from fair value reserve to retained earnings.

21.2

Financial assets at FVTPL

Mandatorily measured at FVTPL

Equity securities

(i)

Quoted equity securities

 12,593.9 

 11,643.0 

(ii)

Unquoted equity securities

 648.3 

 554.6 

 13,242.2 

 12,197.6 

Debt securities

(iii)

Quoted debt securities

 1,822.0 

 1,233.7 

(iv)

Unquoted debt securities

 1,869.2 

 1,889.7 

 3,691.2 

 3,123.4 

Other investments

(v)

Collective investment schemes(2)

 12,086.3 

 9,568.3 

Total financial assets mandatorily measured at FVTPL

 29,019.7 

 24,889.3 

Designated as at FVTPL

Debt securities

(i)

Quoted debt securities

 28,044.8 

 25,142.8 

(ii)

Unquoted debt securities

 14,670.9 

 12,678.4 

Total financial assets designated at FVTPL(3)

 42,715.7 

 37,821.2 

Total financial assets at FVTPL

 71,735.4 

 62,710.5 

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

160


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

21

INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED)

21.3

Financial assets at Amortised Cost

Group

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

2019

2018

Debt securities

(i) 

Quoted debt securities

 126.5 

 – 

Total financial assets at Amortised Cost(4)

 126.5 

 – 

TOTAL INVESTMENTS

 82,117.5 

 71,521.3 

(1) 

Included in quoted debt securities are quoted government securities amounting to $8.9 million (2018: $8.6 million) which are lodged with the 

regulator as statutory deposits.

(2) 

Collective investment schemes include but are not limited to unit trusts, hedge funds and real estate investment funds.

(3) 

These securities are designated as fair value through Profit or Loss Statement on initial recognition.

(4) 

If these financial assets are measured using market value, the carrying amount would be as follows:

Group

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

2019

2018

Quoted Debt Securities

143.7

 – 

22

ASSETS HELD FOR SALE

Group

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

2019

2018

Carrying Value:

At 1 January

 – 

 3.9 

Disposals

 – 

 (3.9)

At 31 December

 – 

 – 

23

ASSOCIATES

Group

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

2019

2018

Investment in shares, at cost

 14.6 

 14.6 

Share of post-acquisition results

 (13.9)

 (13.6)

Currency translation reserve adjustment

 1.0 

 0.7 

 (12.9)

 (12.9)

Carrying amount at 31 December

 1.7 

 1.7 

For the current financial year, the Group recognised its associate's share of operating results based on unaudited 

records available up to 30 November 2019 as the information as at 31 December 2019 was not available at the 

reporting date.

Aggregate information about the Group's investment in associates that are not individually material are as follows:

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

2019

2018

Loss after tax from continuing operations

 (0.3)

 (1.0)

Total comprehensive income

 (0.3)

 (1.0)

161

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

24

SUBSIDIARIES

Company

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

2019

2018

Investment in shares, at cost

 1,175.7 

 1,175.7 

Distribution from pre-acquisition reserve

 (281.8)

 (281.8)

 893.9 

 893.9 

Significant restrictions:

The ability of insurance subsidiaries to transfer funds to the Group in the form of cash dividends is subject to local 

insurance laws and regulations and solvency requirements in certain jurisdictions in which the subsidiaries operate. 

These requirements do not constitute a material limitation on the ability of the subsidiaries to transfer funds to the 

Group.

24.1

Interest in subsidiary with material non-controlling interest (NCI)

The Group has the following subsidiary that has NCI that is material to the Group.

Name of Subsidiary

Principal 

place of 

business

Proportion 

of ownership 

interest held 

by NCI

Profit/(Loss) 

allocated 

to NCI 

during the 

reporting 

year

Accumulated 

NCI at the 

end of the 

reporting 

year

Dividends 

paid to NCI

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

31 December 2019:

Lion Global Investors Limited

Singapore

30%

 18.2 

 79.4 

 10.7 

31 December 2018:

Lion Global Investors Limited

Singapore

30%

 10.9 

 72.2 

 8.4 

Significant restrictions:

There are no significant restrictions on the Group's ability to use or access assets and settle liabilities of subsidiaries 

with material non-controlling interests.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

162


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

24

SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

24.2

Summarised financial information about subsidiaries with material NCI

Summarised financial information including goodwill on acquisition and consolidation adjustments but before 

intercompany eliminations of subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests are as follows:

Summarised balance sheets

Lion Global Investors Ltd

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

2019

2018

Current

Assets

 260.5 

 225.6 

Liabilities

 (39.8)

 (38.0)

Net current assets

 220.7 

 187.6 

Non-current

Assets

 48.4 

 57.2 

Liabilities

 0.1 

 – 

Net non-current assets

 48.5 

 57.2 

Net assets

 269.2 

 244.8 

Summarised statement of comprehensive income

Revenue

 95.8 

 95.6 

Profit before income tax

 69.3 

 44.9 

Income tax expense

 (8.7)

 (8.3)

Profit after tax – continuing operations

 60.6 

 36.6 

Other comprehensive income

 – 

 – 

Total comprehensive income

 60.6 

 36.6 

Other summarised information

Net cash flows from operations

 43.1 

 45.3 

24.3

Acquisition of subsidiary

On 2 May 2019 (the "acquisition date"), the Group's subsidiary company, Great Eastern General Insurance Limited 

("GEG") acquired 95% of the share capital of PT QBE General Insurance Indonesia ("PT QBE"), a general insurance 

company in Indonesia, for a cash consideration of USD 29.9 million (approximately S$40.7 million). Upon the 

acquisition, PT QBE became a subsidiary of the Group.

On 17 May 2019, PT QBE changed its name to PT Great Eastern General Insurance Indonesia ("GEGI").

The Group has acquired GEGI to be better positioned to comprehensively provide both general and life insurance 

solutions to the business community and consumers and deepen its footprint in Indonesia.

The Group has elected to measure the non-controlling interest at the non-controlling interest's proportionate share of 

GEGI's net identifiable assets.

163

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

24

SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

24.3

Acquisition of subsidiary (continued)

The fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of GEGI as at the acquisition date were:

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note 

Fair value 

recognised 

on 

acquisition

Property, plant and equipment

28

 1.3 

Deferred tax asset

8

 4.7 

Other debtors

 3.2 

Insurance receivables

 10.2 

Investments

 16.0 

Cash and cash equivalents

 57.2 

 92.6 

Insurance payables

 (6.6)

Other creditors

 (1.7)

Income tax payable

 (0.6)

Insurance contract liabilities

15

 (43.3)

 (52.2)

Total net identifiable net assets at fair value

 40.4 

Non-controlling interest measured at the non-controlling interest's proportionate  

share of GEGI's net identifiable assets

 (2.0)

Goodwill arising from acquisition

26

 2.3 

Cash consideration paid

 40.7 

Effect of the acquisition of PT QBE on cash flows

Total consideration for 95% equity interest acquired settled in cash

 40.7 

Less: cash and cash equivalents of subsidiary acquired

 (57.2)

Net cash inflow on acquisition

 (16.5)

Acquisition-related costs

Acquisition-related costs of $1.4 million have been recognised in the "Management and other expenses" line item in 

the Group's profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 2019.

Other debtors acquired

Other debtors acquired comprise of trade and other receivables with a fair value of $3.2 million.  The gross amount 

is $3.4 million.  At the acquisition date, $0.2 million of the contractual cash flows pertaining to trade and other 

receivables are not expected to be collected. 

Goodwill arising from acquisition

The goodwill of $2.3 million arises from the excess of the fair value of the consideration over the fair value of the 

identifiable net asset less the non-controlling interest's proportionate share of PT QBE's net identifiable assets. 

Goodwill is allocated entirely to the individual entity which is also the cash-generating unit.  None of the goodwill 

recognised is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes.

Impact of the acquisition on profit or loss

From the acquisition date, PT QBE has contributed $8.8 million of revenue and $5.3 million to the Group's profit for the 

year, net of tax.  If the business combination had taken place at the beginning of the year,  the revenue from continuing 

operations would have been $14.3 million and the Group's profit from continuing operations, net of tax would have 

been $5.4 million.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

164


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

24

SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

24.4

Loss of control in subsidiary

On 29 November 2019, Lion Global Investors Limited ("LGI") divested its entire equity stake in Pacific Mutual Fund 

Berhad ("PMF")  for a cash consideration of RM24.9 million (approximately S$8.1 million). The stake represented 70% 

of the total issued and paid-up share capital of PMF.

The value of assets and liabilities of PMF recorded in the consolidated financial statements as at 29 November 2019, 

and the effects of the disposal were:

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

 Note 

2019

Carrying amounts of assets and liabilities disposed of

Other debtors

 3.6 

Goodwill 

26

 2.0 

Property, plant and equipment

28

 0.6 

Cash and cash equivalents

 6.2 

 12.4 

Other creditors

 (4.5)

Provision for income tax

 0.2 

Carrying value of net assets

 8.1 

Total consideration

 8.1 

Cash and cash equivalents of the subsidiary

 (6.2)

Net cash inflow on disposal of subsidiary

 1.9 

Gain on disposal:

Cash received

 8.1 

Net asset derecognised

 (8.1)

Cumulative exchange differences in respect of the net assets of the subsidiary  

reclassified from equity on disposal 

 0.2 

Non controlling interest reversed on disposal

 3.3 

Gain on disposal

 3.5 

25

INTERESTS IN STRUCTURED ENTITIES

A structured entity is defined as an entity that has been designed so that voting or similar rights are not the dominant 

factor in deciding who controls the entity, such as when any voting rights relate to administrative tasks only, or when 

the relevant activities are directed by means of contractual arrangements. The Group has interests in unconsolidated 

structured entities as described below.

The Group holds shares or units in investment vehicles, which consist of:

–

Debt securities which comprise: Mortgage-Backed-Securities (MBS), Asset Backed Securities (ABS) and 

Structured Deposits (SD).

–

Collective Investment Schemes which comprise: hedge funds, private equity funds, unit trusts, Real Estate 

Investment Trusts (REITs), Exchange Traded Funds (ETF) and Open Ended Investment Companies (OEIC).

The Group's holdings in investment vehicles are subject to the terms and conditions of the respective investment 

vehicle's offering documentation and are susceptible to market price risk arising from uncertainties about future 

values of those investment vehicles. 

The investment vehicles in the investment portfolio are managed by portfolio managers who are compensated by the 

respective investment vehicles for their services. Such compensation generally consists of an asset-based fee and a 

performance-based incentive fee, and is reflected in the valuation of the investment vehicles.

165

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

25

INTERESTS IN STRUCTURED ENTITIES (CONTINUED)

25.1

Interests in unconsolidated structured entities

As part of its investment activities, the Group invests in unconsolidated structured entities. As at 31 December 2019, 

the Group's total interest in unconsolidated structured entities was $13,081.3 million (31 December 2018: $11,043.3 

million) on the Group's balance sheet.

The Group does not sponsor any of the unconsolidated structured entities.

A summary of the Group's interest in unconsolidated structured entities is as follows:

Interest in  

Associates

Financial  

Investments

Total Assets

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

2019

2018

2019

2018

2019

2018

Debt securities

Analysed as:

MBS

 – 

 – 

 172.8 

 174.9 

 172.8 

 174.9 

ABS

 – 

 – 

 222.5 

 143.0 

 222.5 

 143.0 

SD

 – 

 – 

 598.0 

 1,155.4 

 598.0 

 1,155.4 

Collective investment schemes

Analysed as:

Hedge funds

 – 

 – 

 1,310.6 

 798.3 

 1,310.6 

 798.3 

Private equity funds 

 1.7 

 1.7 

 1,312.6 

 871.8 

 1,314.3 

 873.5 

Unit trusts

 – 

 – 

 3,514.3 

 2,894.6 

 3,514.3 

 2,894.6 

REITs

 – 

 – 

 811.1 

 654.8 

 811.1 

 654.8 

ETF

 – 

 – 

 452.1 

 718.6 

 452.1 

 718.6 

OEIC

 – 

 – 

 4,685.6 

 3,630.2 

 4,685.6 

 3,630.2 

Total

 1.7 

 1.7 

 13,079.6 

 11,041.6 

 13,081.3 

 11,043.3 

The Group's maximum exposure to loss on the interests presented above is the carrying amount of the Group's 

investments.

The Group has not provided any financial or other support to the unconsolidated structured entities as at the reporting 

date, and there are no intentions to provide support in the foreseeable future.

25.2

Other interests in unconsolidated structured entities

The Group receives management fees in respect of its asset management business. The Group does not sponsor 

any of the funds or investment vehicles from which it receives fees. Management fees received for investments that 

the Group manages but does not have a holding in also represent an interest in unconsolidated structured entities. 

As these investments are not held by the Group, the investment risk is borne by the external investors and therefore 

the Group's maximum exposure to loss relates to future management fees. The table below shows the assets under 

management of entities that the Group manages but does not have a holding in and the fees earned from those 

entities.

Assets under 

Management

Investment 

Management Fees

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

2019

2018

2019

2018

Collective investment schemes

 3,108.9 

 3,567.5 

 32.5 

 38.7 

Total

 3,108.9 

 3,567.5 

 32.5 

 38.7 

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

166


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

26

INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Group

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note

2019

2018

Goodwill

26.1

 27.3 

 26.9 

Other intangible assets

26.3

 4.4 

 0.5 

Carrying amount at 31 December

 31.7 

 27.4 

26.1

Goodwill

Cost:

At 1 January

 38.4 

 38.5 

Acquisition of subsidiary

24

 2.3 

 – 

Disposal of subsidiary

24

 (6.7)

 – 

Currency translation reserve adjustment

 0.1 

 (0.1)

At 31 December

 34.1 

 38.4 

Impairment:

At 1 January

 (11.5)

 (11.5)

Reversal upon disposal of subsidiary

24

 4.7 

 – 

At 31 December

 (6.8)

 (11.5)

Net carrying amount:

At 31 December

26

 27.3 

 26.9 

In accordance with SFRS(I) 1-36, the carrying value of the Group's goodwill on acquisition of subsidiaries and 

businesses was assessed for impairment. In respect of the acquisition of the additional interest in Lion Global Investors 

Limited group, goodwill is allocated for impairment testing purposes to the individual entity which is also the cash-

generating unit. Goodwill arising from the acquisition of Straits Eastern Square Pte Ltd is allocated for impairment 

testing to the investment property held which is also the cash-generating unit.  Goodwill arising from the acquisition 

of the business of Tahan Insurance Malaysia Berhad is allocated for impairment testing purposes to the business of 

Great Eastern General Insurance (Malaysia) Berhad, which is also the cash-generating unit. Goodwill arising from the 

acquisition of GEGI is allocated to the individual entity, which is also the cash-generating unit.

167

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

26

INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

26.2

Impairment test for goodwill 

Subsidiary – Lion Global Investors Limited

Carrying value of capitalised goodwill as at 31 December 2019

$18.9 million

Basis on which recoverable values are determined(1)

Value in use

Terminal growth rate(2)

2%

Discount rate(3)

8%

Subsidiary – Straits Eastern Square Pte Ltd

Carrying value of capitalised goodwill as at 31 December 2019

nil

Basis on which recoverable values are determined(4)

Fair value of 

investment property 

held, less cost of 

disposal

Business acquired – Tahan Insurance Malaysia Berhad

Carrying value of capitalised goodwill as at 31 December 2019

$6.1 million

Basis on which recoverable values are determined(1)

Value in use

Terminal growth rate(2)

5%

Discount rate(3)

6%

Subsidiary – PT Great Eastern General Insurance Indonesia

Carrying value of capitalised goodwill as at 31 December 2019

$2.3 million

Basis on which recoverable values are determined(1)

Value in use

Terminal growth rate(2)

6%

Discount rate(3)

14%

(1) 

The value-in-use calculation applies a discounted cash flow model using cash flow projections based on financial budget and forecast approved 

by management covering a five-year period. Cash flows beyond the fifth year are extrapolated using the terminal growth rate stated above.

(2) 

The terminal growth rates used do not exceed the long term average past growth rates of the industries and countries in which Lion Global 

Investors Limited, Great Eastern General Insurance (Malaysia) Berhad and PT Great Eastern General Insurance Indonesia operate.

(3) 

The discount rate applied to the cash flow projections is pre-tax and is derived from the cost of capital plus a reasonable risk premium.  This is the 

benchmark used by management to assess the operating performance.

(4) 

The fair value of investment property held is determined based on objective valuations undertaken by independent valuers.  The fair value is 

supported by market evidence and represents the amount at which assets could be exchanged between a knowledgeable, willing buyer and a 

knowledgeable, willing seller in an arm's length transaction at the date of valuation.  Valuations are performed on an annual basis. The fair value 

derived is categorised under Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

No impairment loss (2018: nil) was recognised for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 against the amounts of 

goodwill recorded above to write down the carrying value to recoverable value. A reasonably possible change in key 

assumptions will not cause the carrying values above to materially exceed the recoverable amounts.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

168


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

26

INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

26.3

Other intangible assets

Group

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note

Club 

Membership

Distribution 

Platform

Total

Cost

At 1 January 2018

0.6

 –   

 0.6 

Additions

 –   

 –   

 –   

At 31 December 2018

0.6

 –   

 0.6 

Additions

 –   

 4.0 

 4.0 

At 31 December 2019

0.6

 4.0 

 4.6 

Accumulated amortisation

At 1 January 2018

 –   

 –   

 –   

Amortisation

 (0.1)

 –   

 (0.1)

At 31 December 2018

 (0.1)

 –   

 (0.1)

Amortisation

7

 –   

 (0.1)

 (0.1)

At 31 December 2019

 (0.1)

 (0.1)

 (0.2)

Net book value

At 31 December 2018

26

 0.5 

 –   

 0.5 

At 31 December 2019

26

 0.5 

 3.9 

 4.4 

Other intangible assets comprise a portal developed to sell or distribute the Group's products digitally.  This Distribution 

Platform is recognised at cost on initial recognition.  Following initial recognition, this Distribution Platform is amortised 

on a straight line basis over its estimated useful life of 6.5 years.

169

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

27

INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

Group

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note

2019

2018

Balance sheet:

At 1 January

 1,771.3 

 1,553.0 

Additions (subsequent expenditure)

 0.3 

 179.1 

Net gain from fair value adjustments

5

 14.3 

 40.2 

Disposals/assets written off

 – 

 (0.9)

Reclassification from property, plant and equipment

28

 0.4 

 0.6 

Currency translation reserve adjustment

 (0.8)

 (0.7)

At 31 December

 1,785.5 

 1,771.3 

Profit or Loss Statement:

Rental income from investment properties:

– Minimum lease payments

 44.5 

 40.8 

Direct operating expenses (including repairs and maintenance) arising from:

– Rental generating properties

 (17.2)

 (16.0)

– Non-rental generating properties

 (0.2)

 (0.1)

 (17.4)

 (16.1)

Investment properties collectively form an asset class which is an integral part of the overall investment strategy for 

the asset-liability management of the life insurance business. 

Investment properties are stated at fair value, which has been determined based on objective valuation undertaken by 

independent valuers as at the balance sheet date. Valuations are performed by accredited independent valuers with 

recent experience in the location and category of the properties being valued.  

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

170


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

28

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Group

Right-Of-Use Assets

Property, Plant and Equipment Owned

in Singapore Dollars (millions) Note

Leasehold

 Land(1)

Other 

Right-

Of-Use 

Assets

Freehold 

Land(1)

Capital 

Works in 

Progress

Buildings(1)

Computer 

Equipment 

and Software 

Development 

Costs

Other

 Assets(2)

Total

Cost

At 1 January 2018

 38.0 

 – 

 61.2 

 4.3 

 609.9 

 415.5 

 86.2 

 1,215.1 

Additions

 – 

 – 

 – 

 6.3 

 – 

 46.8 

 4.7 

 57.8 

Disposals/assets written off

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (0.5)

 (10.2)

 (2.7)

 (13.4)

Reclassification

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (1.2)

 0.2 

 – 

 1.0 

 – 

Reclassification to investment 

properties

27

 – 

 – 

 (0.6)

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (0.6)

Currency translation reserve 

adjustment

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (0.4)

 (0.8)

 (0.1)

 (1.3)

At 31 December 2018 

 38.0 

 – 

 60.6 

 9.4 

 609.2 

 451.3 

 89.1 

 1,257.6 

Adoption of SFRS(I) 16

 8.5 

 0.2 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 8.7 

At 1 January 2019

 46.5 

 0.2 

 60.6 

 9.4 

 609.2 

 451.3 

 89.1 

 1,266.3 

Additions

 89.3 

 0.9 

 – 

 17.6 

 – 

 54.0 

 10.0 

 171.8 

Acquisition of subsidiary

24

 0.9 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 0.2 

 0.2 

 1.3 

Disposal of subsidiary

24

 (0.5)

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (1.3)

 (0.5)

 (2.3)

Disposals/assets written off

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (0.1)

 – 

 (1.6)

 (1.2)

 (2.9)

Reclassification

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (5.9)

 – 

 – 

 5.9 

 – 

Remeasurement

 10.6 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 10.6 

Reclassification to 

investment properties

27

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (0.4)

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (0.4)

Currency translation reserve 

adjustment

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (0.3)

 (0.2)

 (0.1)

 (0.6)

At 31 December 2019

 146.8 

 1.1 

 60.6 

 20.6 

 608.9 

 502.4 

 103.4 

 1,443.8 

Accumulated Depreciation 

and Impairment Loss

At 1 January 2018

 (2.1)

 – 

 (1.4)

 – 

 (255.2)

 (308.2)

 (56.8)

 (623.7)

Depreciation charge for the 

year

7

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (12.3)

 (37.9)

 (6.5)

 (56.7)

Disposals/assets written off

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 0.5 

 10.1 

 2.4 

 13.0 

Currency translation reserve 

adjustment

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 0.2 

 0.6 

 0.1 

 0.9 

At 31 December 2018 and 

1 January 2019

 (2.1)

 – 

 (1.4)

 – 

 (266.8)

 (335.4)

 (60.8)

 (666.5)

Depreciation charge  

for the year

7

 (10.3)

 (0.3)

 – 

 – 

 (12.3)

 (42.9)

 (7.6)

 (73.4)

Disposal of subsidiary

24

 0.2 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 1.2 

 0.3 

 1.7 

Disposals/assets written off

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 1.4 

 1.0 

 2.4 

Currency translation reserve 

adjustment

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 0.1 

 0.3 

 0.2 

 0.6 

At 31 December 2019

 (12.2)

 (0.3)

 (1.4)

 – 

 (279.0)

 (375.4)

 (66.9)

 (735.2)

Net Book Value

At 31 December 2018

 35.9 

 – 

 59.2 

 9.4 

 342.4 

 115.9 

 28.3 

 591.1 

At 31 December 2019

 134.6 

 0.8 

 59.2 

 20.6 

 329.9 

 127.0 

 36.5 

 708.6 

As at year end, the Company held other assets with a net book value of $0.1 million (31 December 2018: other assets 

with a net book value of $0.1 million). Depreciation for the year on computer equipment was $0.1 million (31 December 

2018: $0.1 million).

(1)

If the freehold land, leasehold land and buildings were measured using market value, the carrying amount would be as follows:

Group 

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

2019

2018

Freehold land, Leasehold land and Buildings

 844.0 

 818.1 

(2)

Other assets include motor vehicles, office furniture, fittings and equipment. 

171

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

28

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

28.1

Leases

This note provides information for leases where the group is a lessee.

The Group has entered into operating lease agreements for computer equipment and office rental. These non-

cancellable leases have remaining non-cancellable lease terms of between 1 and 4 years. There are several lease 

contracts that include extension and termination options.

The Group also has certain leases of office rental with lease terms of 12 months or less and leases of computer 

equipment with low value. The Group applies the ‘short-term lease’ and ‘lease of low-value assets’ recognition 

exemptions for these leases.

The following are the amounts recognised in Profit or Loss Statement:

Group 

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note

2019

2018

Depreciation expense of right-of-use assets

 10.6 

 – 

Interest expense on lease liabilities

7

 1.1 

 – 

Expense relating to leases of low-value assets

 0.4 

 – 

Total amount recognised in Profit or Loss Statement

 12.1 

 – 

The total cash outflow for leases in 2019 was $11.1 million.

29

EXECUTIVES' SHARE OPTION SCHEME

29.1

OCBC Share Option Scheme

In April 2005, the GEH Optionholders were nominated to participate in the OCBC Bank Share Option Scheme (2001) 

("OCBC Option Scheme").  The acquisition price of the options granted is equal to the average of the last dealt price 

of the ordinary shares of OCBC Bank over five consecutive trading days immediately prior to the date of the grant. 

The options vest in one-third increments over a period of three years, and are exercisable after the first anniversary of 

the date of grant up to the date of expiration of the options. The share options have a validity period of 10 years from 

date of grant.

The fair value of the share options is recognised by the GEH Group as staff costs in the Profit or Loss Statement. The 

Group uses the binomial model to derive the fair value of share options granted by OCBC Bank.  The value of the share 

options is recognised in the Profit or Loss Statement over the vesting period of the share options.  At each balance 

sheet date, the Group revises its estimates of the number of options that are expected to become exercisable, and the 

impact of the change to the original estimates, if any, is recognised in the Profit or Loss Statement. 

At the Extraordinary General Meeting of OCBC Bank held on 19 April 2007, certain alterations proposed by OCBC 

Bank's Remuneration Committee to OCBC Option Scheme were approved by its shareholders.  These alterations 

enable option holders to select one of the following alternatives when exercising their options:

(i)  

All share election – an election to receive in full the number of ordinary shares upon full payment of the aggregate 

acquisition cost in respect of options exercised;

(ii)  

Partial share election – an election to receive ordinary shares representing the notional profit which would have 

been derived if the ordinary shares in respect of the options exercised had been sold; or

(iii) 

 Cash election – an election to receive in cash the profit derived from the sale of OCBC Bank's share in respect 

of the options exercised.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

172


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

29

EXECUTIVES' SHARE OPTION SCHEME (CONTINUED)

29.1

OCBC Share Option Scheme (continued)

For the financial year ended 31 December 2019, there were no options granted under the OCBC Share Option Scheme 

(2018: 539,575 options) to GEH Optionholders to acquire ordinary shares in OCBC Bank ("OCBC shares") pursuant to 

2001 scheme, and no options were granted to a director of the Company (2018: nil).  

The fair value of share options granted during the year ended 31 December 2018, determined using the binomial 

valuation model, was $1.3 million. Significant inputs that were used to determine the fair value of options granted are 

set out below.

2018

Acquisition price ($)

13.34

Share price ($)

13.73

Expected volatility based on last 250 days historical price volatility as of acceptance date (%)

17.29

Risk-free rate based on SGS bond yield at acceptance date (%)

2.54

Expected dividend yield (%)

2.62

Exercise multiple (times)

1.52

Option life (years)

10

Information with respect to the number of options granted under the OCBC Option Scheme to GEH Optionholders is 

as follows:

2019

2018

Number of 

Options

Average 

Price

Number of 

Options

Average 

Price

Number of shares comprised in options:

At beginning of year

 3,979,675 

$9.916

 4,090,658 

$9.392

Granted during the year

 – 

 – 

 539,575 

$13.340

Lapsed during the year

 (34,281)

$10.552

 (133,688)

$9.722

Exercised during the year

 (334,147)

$8.792

 (516,870)

$9.397

Outstanding at end of year

 3,611,247 

$10.014

 3,979,675 

$9.916

Exercisable at end of year

 2,941,133 

$9.664

 2,661,562 

$9.366

Average share price underlying the options exercised  

during the financial year

$11.344

$12.956

173

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

29

EXECUTIVES' SHARE OPTION SCHEME (CONTINUED)

29.1

OCBC Share Option Scheme (continued)

Details of the options outstanding as at 31 December 2019 are as follows:

2019

Grant Year

Grant Date

Exercise Period

Acquisition Price

Outstanding

Exercisable

2010

15.03.2010

16.03.2011 – 14.03.2020

$8.762

 61,440 

 61,440 

2011

14.03.2011

15.03.2012 – 13.03.2021

$9.350

 137,216 

 137,216 

2012

14.03.2012

15.03.2013 – 13.03.2022

$8.798

 300,856 

 300,856 

2013

14.03.2013

15.03.2014 – 13.03.2023

$10.302

 714,978 

 714,978 

2014

14.03.2014

15.03.2015 – 13.03.2024

$9.428

 604,266 

 604,266 

2015

16.03.2015

16.03.2016 – 15.03.2025

$10.378

 184,948 

 184,948 

2016

16.03.2016

16.03.2017 – 15.03.2026

$8.814

 235,618 

 235,618 

2017

23.03.2017 

23.03.2018 – 22.03.2027

$9.598

 850,873 

 529,882 

2018

22.03.2018 

22.03.2019 – 21.03.2028

$13.340

 521,052 

 171,929 

 3,611,247 

 2,941,133 

The carrying amount of the liability recognised on the Group's balance sheet related to the above equity-settled 

options at 31 December 2019 is $2.9 million (31 December 2018: $5.1 million).

As at 31 December 2019, the weighted average remaining contractual life of outstanding options was 5.1 years (2018: 

6.1 years). There were no outstanding options held by directors of the Company as at 31 December 2019 (2018: nil).

29.2

OCBC Deferred Share Plan ("DSP")

The DSP is a share-based plan implemented in 2003 and administered by the OCBC Remuneration Committee. 

The DSP is a discretionary share-based incentive and retention award program extended to executives of OCBC's 

subsidiaries at the discretion of the Remuneration Committee.  The awards are granted at no cost to the grantees, on a 

deferred basis as part of their performance bonus.  Such awards shall lapse by reason of cessation of service but may 

be preserved at the discretion of the Remuneration Committee.  The DSP does not involve the issue of new shares.  

Instead, existing shares will be purchased from the market for release to the grantees at the end of the respective 

vesting periods. 

During the financial year, 313,495 (2018: 330,110) OCBC ordinary shares were granted to eligible executives of GEH 

Group under the DSP, of which none (2018: nil) were granted to a director of the Company.  The fair value of the shares 

at grant date was $3.5 million (2018: $4.4 million).  In addition, 28,753 OCBC shares (of which none were granted to 

directors of the Company) were awarded to grantees pursuant to declarations of final dividend for financial year ended 

31 December 2018 (2018: 16,379 OCBC shares (of which none were granted to directors of the Company) awarded to 

grantees pursuant to declarations of final dividend for financial year ended 31 December 2017).

29.3

OCBC Employee Share Purchase Plan ("ESP")

All employees of OCBC Bank and their subsidiaries who have attained the age of 21 years and have been employees 

for a period of not less than six months are eligible to participate in the ESP Plan unless they are also controlling 

shareholders of the Bank or their associates.  The purpose of the ESP Plan is to provide employees with an opportunity 

to increase their personal equity interest in the Bank.  The Bank will either issue new shares or transfer treasury shares 

to employees upon the exercise or conversion of acquisition rights.  The ESP Plan is administered by the OCBC Bank 

Remuneration Committee.

The acquisition price is equal to the average of the last traded price of the ordinary shares of OCBC Bank on the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited over the five consecutive trading days immediately preceding the 

price fixing date for the acquisition price of the ordinary shares (as determined by the OCBC Bank Remuneration 

Committee).

A participant may participate in the ESP Plan for an offering period by making contributions in cash by means of 

monthly deductions from his monthly base salary and/or his designated account; and/or by monthly debits from his 

CPF Ordinary Account to his ESP Plan account.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

174


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

29

EXECUTIVES’ SHARE OPTION SCHEME (CONTINUED)

29.3

OCBC Employee Share Purchase Plan (“ESP”) (continued)

In June 2019, the fourteenth offering of the ESP Plan was launched for employees to acquire the shares of OCBC 

Bank at $11.32 per share. The plan commenced on 1 July 2019 and will expire on 30 June 2021. Under the offering, 

OCBC Bank granted 980,689 (2018: 972,298) rights to acquire ordinary shares in the Bank.  The fair value of the rights, 

determined using the binomial valuation model was $0.8 million (2018: $1.5 million). Significant inputs to the valuation 

model are set out below.

2019

2018

Acquisition price ($)

11.32

11.60

Share price ($)

10.78

12.13

Expected volatility based on last 250 days historical price volatility as of acceptance date (%)

17.57

18.45

Risk-free rate based on 2-year swap rate (%)

1.72

1.96

Expected dividend yield (%)

3.62

2.97

A summary of the movement in the number of acquisition rights of the ESP Plan issued to GEH Group's employees 

is as follows:

2019

2018

Number of 

Subscription 

Rights

Weighted 

Average 

Subscription 

Price

Number of 

Subscription 

Rights

Weighted 

Average 

Subscription 

Price

At 1 January

 1,627,967 

$11.221

 1,771,508 

$9.644

Subscriptions on commencement of plan

 980,689 

$11.320

 972,298 

$11.600

Exercised

 (684,853)

$10.772

 (887,101)

$8.601

Lapsed/Forfeited

 (307,936)

$11.384

 (228,738)

$10.775

At 31 December

 1,615,867 

$11.441

 1,627,967 

$11.221

Average share price underlying acquisition 

rights exercised during the financial year

$11.539

$11.568

As at 31 December 2019, the weighted average remaining contractual life of outstanding acquisition rights was 

1.1 years (2018: 1.0 year). No director of GEH Group has acquisition rights under the ESP Plan (2018: nil). 

30

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

30.1

Capital commitments

Group

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

2019

2018

Commitments for capital expenditure not provided for in the financial statements:

– investment properties

 28.0 

 33.7 

– property, plant and equipment

 72.3 

 61.6 

 100.3 

 95.3 

175

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (CONTINUED)

30.2

Operating lease commitments

The Group has entered into commercial property leases on its property portfolio. These non-cancellable leases have 

remaining non-cancellable lease terms of between 1 and 5 years. All leases include a clause to enable upward revision 

of the rental charge on an annual basis based on prevailing market conditions.

Future minimum lease payments receivable under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows as of 31 December:

Group

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

2019

2018

Within one year

 40.1 

 40.6 

After one year but not more than five years

 20.7 

 19.3 

 60.8 

 59.9 

The Group has entered into operating lease agreements for computer equipment and office rental. These non-

cancellable leases have remaining non-cancellable lease terms of between 1 and 4 years. Operating lease payments 

recognised in the consolidated Profit or Loss Statement during the year amounted to $0.3 million (2018: $0.5 million).

From 1 January 2019, the group has recognised right-of-use assets for these leases, except for short term and low-

value leases, see note 28.1 and note 2.2.1 for further information.

31

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The Group enters into transactions with its related parties in the normal course of business.  Transactions are carried 

out on an arm's length basis.

31.1

Significant related party transactions

In addition to the related party information disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, the following significant 

transactions between the Group and related parties took place at terms agreed between the parties during the financial 

year:

Group

Company

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

2019

2018

2019

2018

Management and performance fees paid by insurance 

funds to subsidiaries

 70.9 

 67.1 

 – 

 – 

Fees and commission and  other income received from:

– holding company

 7.9 

 6.2 

 – 

 – 

– related parties of the holding company

 37.7 

 14.3 

 – 

 – 

Premiums received from key management personnel

 1.1 

 2.4 

 – 

 – 

Fees and commission expense paid to:

– holding company

 177.1 

 148.7 

 – 

 – 

– related parties of the holding company

 67.9 

 62.6 

 – 

 – 

Interest income received from:

– holding company

 3.2 

 3.4 

 – 

 – 

– related parties of the holding company

 35.4 

 28.2 

 – 

 – 

Rental income received from:

– related parties of the holding company

 0.3 

 0.3 

 – 

 – 

Other expenses paid to:

– holding company

 6.3 

 7.8 

 – 

 – 

– related parties of the holding company

 11.9 

 14.8 

 – 

 – 

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

176


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

31.2

Balance sheet balances with related parties

Balance sheet balances with related parties as at 31 December are as follows:

Group

Company

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

2019

2018

2019

2018

Cash and cash equivalents held with:

– holding company

 480.1 

 619.9 

 17.3 

 14.0 

– related parties of the holding company

 485.6 

 817.6 

 – 

 – 

Cash collateral held with:

– holding company

 – 

 92.6 

 – 

 – 

Amount due to holding company

 110.0 

 4.8 

 – 

 – 

Investments in debt securities of:

– related parties of the holding company

 380.0 

 252.4 

 – 

 – 

Derivative financial assets held with:

– holding company

 237.8 

 147.7 

 – 

 – 

Derivative financial liabilities held with:

– holding company

 73.6 

 162.2 

 – 

 – 

Outstanding balances at balance sheet date are unsecured and interest free.  Settlement will take place in cash.

There was no provision for doubtful debts at the balance sheet date and no bad debt expense for the year (2018: nil).

31.3

Compensation of key management personnel

Group

Company

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

2019

2018

2019

2018

Short-term employee benefits

 22.4 

 21.8 

 1.8 

 1.8 

Other long-term benefits

 0.7 

 0.8 

 – 

 – 

Central Provident Fund/Employee Provident Fund

 1.3 

 1.3 

 – 

 – 

Share-based payments

 3.0 

 5.3 

 – 

 – 

 27.4 

 29.2 

 1.8 

 1.8 

Comprise amounts paid to:

Directors of the Company

 2.8 

 3.0 

 1.8 

 1.8 

Other key management personnel

 24.6 

 26.2 

 – 

 – 

 27.4 

 29.2 

 1.8 

 1.8 

177

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

32

SEGMENTAL INFORMATION

Business Segments

For management purposes, the Group's operating businesses are organised and managed separately according to 

the nature of the products and services provided, with each segment representing a strategic business unit that offers 

different products for the different markets.  The Group's principal operations are organised into the Life Insurance, 

Non-life Insurance and Shareholders segments.  The results of these segments are reported separately in internal 

reports that are regularly reviewed by the entity's chief operating decision maker in order to allocate resources to the 

segment and assess its performance.

a.  

Life Insurance Segment

The Life Insurance segment provides different types of products, comprising life insurance, long-term health 

and accident insurance, annuity business written and includes the unit-linked business.  All revenues in the Life 

Insurance segment are from external customers.

b.  

Non-life Insurance Segment

Under the Non-life Insurance business, the Group issues short term property and casualty contracts which 

protect the policyholder against the risk of loss of property premises due to fire or theft in the form of fire or 

burglary insurance contract and/or business interruption contract; risk of liability to pay compensation to a 

third party for bodily harm or property damage in the form of public liability insurance contract.  The Group also 

issues short term medical and personal accident non-life insurance contracts.

c.  

Shareholders Segment

The Shareholders segment provides fund management services for absolute return/balanced mandates with 

different risk-return characteristics and manages a range of products, including Asia Pacific equities, Asian 

and global fixed income securities portfolios.  Clients include Singapore statutory boards, government-linked 

corporations, public and private companies, insurance companies and charity organisations.

The Shareholders segment also comprises activities not related to the core business segments, and includes 

general corporate income and expense items.

Geographical Segments 

The Group's risks and rewards are affected by operating conditions in different countries and geographical areas.  

Therefore, for management purposes, the Group is also organised on a geographical basis into Singapore, Malaysia 

and Other Asia, based on the location of the Group's assets.  Sales to external customers disclosed in geographical 

segments are based on the respective location of its customers.

Segment Accounting Policies, Allocation Basis and Transfer Pricing

The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting 

policies in Note 2.

Segment results, assets and liabilities include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can be 

allocated on a reasonable basis.  Unallocated items comprise mainly corporate assets, income tax and deferred 

tax assets and liabilities, interest-bearing loans and related expenses. Inter-segment transfers or transactions are 

entered into under normal commercial terms and conditions that would also be available to an unrelated third parties. 

Segment revenue, expenses and results include transfers between business segments. These transfers are eliminated 

on consolidation.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

178


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

32

SEGMENTAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

(1)  

By Business Segments

Group

in Singapore Dollars 

(millions)

Shareholders

Non-life 

Insurance

Life Insurance

Adjustments and 

Eliminations(1)

Consolidated

2019

2018

2019

2018

2019

2018

2019

2018

2019

2018

Net premiums

 – 

 – 

 201.0 

 176.1  10,964.9  11,673.5 

 (1.3)

 (0.9)  11,164.6  11,848.7 

Commissions received  

from reinsurers

 – 

 – 

 32.9 

 27.6 

 43.9 

 44.0 

 – 

 – 

 76.8 

 71.6 

Investment income, net

 166.1 

 186.4 

 19.5 

 15.7 

 2,513.5 

 2,410.5 

 13.1 

 11.7 

 2,712.2 

 2,624.3 

Rental income, net

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 53.5 

 54.5 

 (0.2)

 (0.9)

 53.3 

 53.6 

Fees and other income

 89.3 

 89.2 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (13.1)

 (11.7)

 76.2 

 77.5 

Gain/(loss) on sale of 

investments and changes 

in fair value

 234.2  (118.5)

 2.3 

 1.7 

 4,365.3  (2,514.0)

 – 

 – 

 4,601.8  (2,630.8)

Change in third-party 

interests in consolidated 

investment funds

 (10.3)

 10.9 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (10.3)

 10.9 

Gain on disposal of 

subsidiary

 3.5 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 3.5 

 – 

(Loss)/gain on exchange 

differences

 (0.3)

 2.4 

 (0.6)

 0.7 

 (36.8)

 36.1 

 – 

 – 

 (37.7)

 39.2 

Total income

 482.5 

 170.4 

 255.1 

 221.8  17,904.3  11,704.6 

 (1.5)

 (1.8)  18,640.4  12,095.0 

Gross claims, surrenders  

and annuities

 – 

 – 

 174.3 

 139.7 

 6,636.6 

 6,430.5 

 – 

 – 

 6,810.9 

 6,570.2 

Claims, surrenders and 

annuities recovered from 

reinsurers

 – 

 – 

 (65.6)

 (53.1)

 (232.1)

 (164.9)

 – 

 – 

 (297.7)

 (218.0)

Commissions and 

distribution expenses

 27.3 

 3.4 

 61.5 

 51.5 

 1,061.7 

 957.1 

 (0.1)

 – 

 1,150.4 

 1,012.0 

Increase/(decrease) in 

provision for impairment 

of assets

 0.6 

 (2.1)

 – 

 (0.5)

 27.9 

 (37.8)

 – 

 – 

 28.5 

 (40.4)

Management and other 

expenses

 121.4 

 53.2 

 55.9 

 53.5 

 487.5 

 426.6 

 (1.4)

 (1.8)

 663.4 

 531.5 

Interest expense

 18.3 

 18.3 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 18.3 

 18.3 

Agents' retirement benefits

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 42.3 

 27.8 

 – 

 – 

 42.3 

 27.8 

Depreciation and 

amortisation expenses

 5.4 

 3.4 

 3.0 

 2.6 

 65.1 

 50.7 

 – 

 – 

 73.5 

 56.7 

Change in insurance 

contract liabilities

 – 

 – 

 (3.5)

 4.8 

 8,556.7 

 3,183.4 

 – 

 – 

 8,553.2 

 3,188.2 

Tax attributable to 

policyholders' returns

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 403.8 

 40.1 

 – 

 – 

 403.8 

 40.1 

Total expenses

 173.0 

 76.2 

 225.6 

 198.5  17,049.5  10,913.5 

 (1.5)

 (1.8)  17,446.6  11,186.4 

Profit before share of loss 

of associates

 309.5 

 94.2 

 29.5 

 23.3 

 854.8 

 791.1 

 – 

 – 

 1,193.8 

 908.6 

Share of loss after income 

tax of associates

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (0.3)

 (0.5)

 – 

 – 

 (0.3)

 (0.5)

Profit before income tax

 309.5 

 94.2 

 29.5 

 23.3 

 854.5 

 790.6 

 – 

 – 

 1,193.5 

 908.1 

Income tax

 (24.1)

 (17.2)

 (3.4)

 (4.6)

 (143.9)

 (136.3)

 – 

 – 

 (171.4)

 (158.1)

Profit after income tax

 285.4 

 77.0 

 26.1 

 18.7 

 710.6 

 654.3 

 – 

 – 

 1,022.1 

 750.0 

(1) 

Inter-segment income and expenses comprising mainly dividend and management fee income are eliminated on consolidation.

179

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

32

SEGMENTAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

(1)  

By Business Segments (continued)

Group

in Singapore Dollars 

(millions)

Shareholders

Non-life 

Insurance

Life Insurance

Adjustments and 

Eliminations(1)

Consolidated

2019

2018

2019

2018

2019

2018

2019

2018

2019

2018

Other material items:

Interest income

 112.4 

 84.8 

 20.3 

 16.3  2,119.1  1,944.1 

 – 

 –  2,251.8  2,045.2 

Staff costs and related 

expenses (including 

executive directors 

and key management 

personnel compensation)

 60.3 

 18.7 

 36.9 

 31.8 

 298.6 

 257.4 

 (0.8)

 (0.7)

 395.0 

 307.2 

Rental expense

 2.3 

 2.6 

 1.1 

 2.6 

 22.0 

 18.9 

 (0.5)

 (0.9)

 24.9 

 23.2 

Interest expense

 18.3 

 18.3 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 18.3 

 18.3 

Interest expense on policy 

benefits

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 189.3 

 173.4 

–

 – 

 189.3 

 173.4 

Non-cash items:

Depreciation and 

amortisation expenses

 5.4 

 3.4 

 3.0 

 2.6 

 65.1 

 50.7 

 – 

 – 

 73.5 

 56.7 

Increase/(decrease) in 

provision for impairment 

of assets

 0.6 

 (2.1)

 – 

 (0.5)

 27.9 

 (37.8)

 – 

 – 

 28.5 

 (40.4)

Changes in fair value of 

investments:

– through Profit or Loss 

Statement

 228.0 

 (117.0)

 1.9 

 (0.5)  4,227.2  (2,549.5)

 – 

 –  4,457.1  (2,667.0)

– through equity

 155.1 

 (335.1)

 5.3 

 (2.0)

 516.9 

 (266.8)

 – 

 – 

 677.3 

 (603.9)

Group

in Singapore Dollars 

(millions)

Shareholders

Non-life 

Insurance

Life Insurance

Adjustments and 

Eliminations(1)

Consolidated

31 Dec 19

31 Dec 18

31 Dec 19

31 Dec 18

31 Dec 19

31 Dec 18

31 Dec 19

31 Dec 18

31 Dec 19

31 Dec 18

Assets and liabilities:

Segment assets

 9,573.9  8,257.7 

 833.5 

 618.2  89,276.0  78,695.7  (3,178.8)  (2,531.3) 96,504.6  85,040.3 

Investments in associates

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 1.7 

 1.7 

 – 

 – 

 1.7 

 1.7 

Total assets

 9,573.9  8,257.7 

 833.5 

 618.2  89,277.7  78,697.4  (3,178.8)  (2,531.3) 96,506.3  85,042.0 

Segment liabilities

 575.2 

 494.6 

 832.8 

 613.9  87,474.5  77,303.5  (3,178.8)  (2,531.3) 85,703.7  75,880.7 

Income tax and deferred tax 

liabilities

 311.5 

 238.3 

 (3.3)

 3.5  1,792.8  1,398.0 

 – 

 –  2,101.0  1,639.8 

Total liabilities

 886.7 

 732.9 

 829.5 

 617.4  89,267.3  78,701.5  (3,178.8)  (2,531.3) 87,804.7  77,520.5 

Other segment 

information:

Additions to non-current 

assets

– property, plant and 

equipment

 9.1 

 12.1 

 1.0 

 2.1 

 161.7 

 43.6 

 – 

 – 

 171.8 

 57.8 

– investment properties

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 0.3 

 179.1 

 – 

 – 

 0.3 

 179.1 

– goodwill and intangible 

assets

 4.0 

 – 

 1.7 

 – 

 0.6 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 6.3 

 – 

(1) 

Inter-segment income and expenses comprising mainly dividend and management fee income are eliminated on consolidation.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

180


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

32 

SEGMENTAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

(2) 

By Geographical Segments 

in Singapore Dollars 

(millions)

Group

Singapore

Malaysia

Other Asia

Adjustments and 

Eliminations

Consolidated

2019

2018

2019

2018

2019

2018

2019

2018

2019

2018

Total revenue from external 

customers

 13,226.7  8,709.4  5,130.4  3,195.1 

 285.0 

 192.4 

 (1.7)

 (1.9) 18,640.4  12,095.0 

Dividend from subsidiaries

 225.7 

 187.0 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 (225.7)

 (187.0)

 – 

 – 

Total revenue

 13,452.4  8,896.4  5,130.4  3,195.1 

 285.0 

 192.4 

 (227.4)

 (188.9) 18,640.4  12,095.0 

Profit/(loss) after income tax

 950.6 

 606.9 

 279.4 

 306.2 

 10.0 

 22.6 

 (217.9)

 (185.7)  1,022.1 

 750.0 

As at 31 December:

Non-current assets

 1,953.9  1,828.9 

 563.2 

 554.9 

8.7

 6.0 

 – 

 –  2,525.8  2,389.8 

Non-current assets information presented above consist of intangible assets, investment properties and property, 

plant and equipment as presented in the consolidated balance sheet.

33 

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

Governance framework

Managing risk is an integral part of the Group's core business.  As stated in the Enterprise Risk Management ("ERM") 

Framework, the Group shall:

– 

Operate within parameters and limits that have been set based on the risk appetite approved by the Board; and

– 

Pursue appropriate risk-adjusted returns.

Group Risk Management department spearheads the development and implementation of the ERM Framework for 

the Group. 

The Board is responsible to provide oversight on the risk management initiatives. The Board may delegate this 

responsibility to the Risk Management Committee ("RMC"). At the group level, detailed risk management and oversight 

activities are undertaken by the following group management committees chaired by the Group Chief Executive 

Officer and comprising key Senior Management Executives: 

–   

Group Management Committee ("GMC")

–   

Group Asset-Liability Committee (“Group ALC”)

–   

Group Investment Committee ("Group IC")

–   

Group Product Management and Approval Committee ("Group PMAC")

–   

Group Technology Strategy Committee ("Group TSC")

GMC is responsible for providing leadership, direction and functional oversight with regards to all matters of the 

Group.  The GMC is also responsible for ensuring compliance and alignment with Group Governance and Oversight 

Framework, i.e. Group standards and guidelines.  The GMC is supported by the Group IC, Group ALC, Group PMAC, 

Group TSC, Local Senior Management Team("SMT"), Local ALC, Local Product Development Committee("PDC") and 

Local TSC.

Group IC is responsible for the oversight of all investment management activities of the company with added oversight 

to ensure that for the insurance funds, the interests and rights of policyholders are not compromised.

Group ALC is responsible for balance sheet management.  Specifically, Group ALC reviews and formulates technical 

frameworks, policies and methodologies relating to balance sheet management.  Group ALC is also responsible for 

ensuring compliance and alignment with Group Governance and Oversight Framework, i.e. Group standards and 

guidelines.  Group ALC is supported by the Local ALC.

181

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33 

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Governance framework (continued)

Group TSC is responsible for assisting GMC in providing the overall strategic direction and approval of all IT related 

issues and initiatives to support Great Eastern's group strategic growth into the future.  Group TSC is supported by 

Local TSC.

Group PMAC is responsible for reviewing, approving and managing new and existing products, ensuring the business 

operates within the risk appetite to deliver the annual business targets. Local PDC is responsible for reviewing and 

endorsing new products at the local operating subsidiaries.

Regulatory framework

Insurers are required to comply with the Insurance Act and Regulations, as applicable, including guidelines on 

investment limits. The responsibility for the formulation, establishment and approval of the investment policy rests with 

the respective Board of Directors (“Board”).  The Board exercises oversight on investments to safeguard the interests 

of policyholders and shareholders.

Capital management

The objectives of GEH’s capital management policy are to create shareholder value, deliver sustainable returns to 

shareholders, maintain a strong capital position with sufficient buffer to meet policyholders’ obligations and regulatory 

requirements and make strategic investments for business growth.

The Group had no significant changes in the policies and processes relating to its capital structure during the year.

Regulatory Capital

The insurance subsidiaries of the Group are required to comply with capital ratios prescribed by the Insurance 

Regulations of the jurisdiction in which they operate. The Capital Adequacy Ratios of the Group's insurance subsidiaries 

in both Singapore and Malaysia remained well above the regulatory minimum ratios under the Risk based Capital 

Frameworks established by the Monetary Authority of Singapore and Bank Negara, Malaysia respectively.

The Group's approach to capital management aims to maintain an adequate level of capital to meet regulatory 

requirements, including any additional amounts required by the respective regulators.  This involves managing assets, 

liabilities and risks in a coordinated way by assessing and monitoring available and required capital (by each regulated 

entity) on a regular basis and, where appropriate, taking suitable actions to influence the capital position of the Group 

in light of changes in economic conditions and risk characteristics.

The primary sources of capital of the Group are shareholders' equity and issued subordinated debt.  The Group 

defines available capital as the amount of assets in excess of liabilities measured in accordance with the Insurance 

Regulations of the respective jurisdictions in which the insurance subsidiaries operate. Available capital of the 

consolidated Singapore insurance subsidiaries as at 31 December 2019 amounted to $13.9 billion (31 December 

2018: $11.5 billion) while available capital of the consolidated Malaysia insurance subsidiaries as at 31 December 

2019 amounted to $7.9 billion (31 December 2018: $8.0 billion). 

Dividend

GEH’s dividend policy aims to provide shareholders with a predictable and sustainable dividend return, payable on a 

half-yearly basis. 

 

The following sections provide details regarding the Group’s and Company’s exposure to insurance and key financial 

risks and the objectives, policies and processes for the management of these risks.

 

There has been no change to the Group’s exposure to these insurance and key financial risks or the manner in which 

it manages and measures the risks.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

182


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33 

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

 

Insurance Risk

 

The principal activity of the Group is the provision of insurance products and related financial advisory services. The 

products cover risks such as mortality, morbidity (health, disability, critical illness, personal accident) and property and 

casualty, and meet customer needs in investment and retirement provision.

 

 

The Group's underwriting strategy is designed to ensure that risks are well diversified across the types of risk and 

level of insured benefits.  This is largely achieved through diversification across industry sectors and geography, the 

use of medical screening in order to ensure that pricing takes account of current health conditions and family medical 

history, regular review of actual claims experience, as well as detailed claims handling procedures.  Underwriting limits 

are also set in place to enforce appropriate risk selection criteria.  For example, the Group has the right not to renew 

individual policies, it can impose deductibles and it has the right to reject the payment of fraudulent claims.

 

Risks inherent in the Group’s activities include but are not limited to the following:

 

Insurance Risks of Life Insurance Contracts

 

Insurance risks arise when the Group underwrites insurance contracts.  While insurance risks do not vary significantly 

across the geographical locations in which the Group currently operates, the types of risks insured, assumptions 

used in pricing the insurance products as well as subsequent setting aside of the technical provisions may give rise to 

potential shortfalls in provision for future claims and expenses when actual experience is different from the underlying 

assumptions.  Assumptions that may cause insurance risks to be underestimated include assumptions on policy 

lapses, mortality, morbidity and expenses. 

 

 

The Group utilises reinsurance to manage the mortality and morbidity risks. The Group’s reinsurance management 

strategy and policy are reviewed annually by RMC and Group ALC. Reinsurance structures are set based on the type 

of risk insured. Catastrophe reinsurance is procured to limit catastrophic losses.  The Group’s exposure to group 

insurance business is not significant, and there is no material concentration risk.  

 

 

In general, reinsurers must have a minimum credit rating of S&amp;P A- or equivalent to be considered for reinsurance 

business. The Group limits its risk to any one reinsurer by ceding different products to different reinsurers or to a panel 

of reinsurers.

 

 

Group ALC reviews the actual experience of mortality, morbidity, lapses and surrenders, and expenses to ensure that 

the policies, guidelines and limits put in place to manage the risks remain adequate and appropriate.

 

 

A substantial portion of the Group's life insurance funds is participating in nature.  In the event of volatile investment 

climate and/or unusual claims experience, the insurer has the option of revising the bonus and dividends payable to 

policyholders. 

 

 

For non-participating funds, the risk is that the guaranteed policy benefits must be met even when investment markets 

perform below expectations, or claims experience is higher than expected.

 

 

For investment-linked funds, the risk exposure for the Group is limited only to the underwriting aspect as all investment 

risks are borne by the policyholders.

 

 

Stress Testing ("ST") is performed at least once a year.  The purpose of the ST is to test the solvency of the life 

fund under various scenarios according to prescribed statutory valuation basis, simulating drastic changes in major 

parameters such as new business volume, investment scenarios, expense patterns, mortality/morbidity patterns and 

lapse rates.  

183

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33 

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

 

Insurance Risk (continued)

 

Insurance Risks of Life Insurance Contracts (continued)

TABLE 33(A): The table below sets out the distribution of the various categories of the life insurance risk as at the 

balance sheet date:

Life Insurance Contracts

As at 31 December 2019

As at 31 December 2018

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Insurance liabilities

Insurance liabilities

(i) by Class of business:

Whole life

 40,932.8 

 36,350.0 

Endowment

 28,504.1 

 25,367.5 

Term

 498.7 

 452.5 

Accident and health

 371.6 

 1,803.7 

Annuity

 507.0 

 520.1 

Others

 1,248.3 

 1,099.1 

Total

 72,062.5 

 65,592.9 

(ii) by Country:

Singapore

 50,917.9 

 45,583.7 

Malaysia

 20,358.6 

 19,384.5 

Others

 786.0 

 624.7 

Total

 72,062.5 

 65,592.9 

The sensitivity analysis below shows the impact of change in key parameters on the value of policy liabilities, and 

hence on the Profit or Loss Statement and Shareholders’ Equity.

Sensitivity analysis produced are based on parameters set out as follows:

Change in assumptions

(a)

Scenario 1 – Mortality and Major Illness

+ 25% for all future years

(b)

Scenario 2 – Mortality and Major Illness

– 25% for all future years

(c)

Scenario 3 – Health and Disability

+ 25% for all future years

(d)

Scenario 4 – Health and Disability

– 25% for all future years

(e)

Scenario 5 – Lapse and Surrender rates

+ 25% for all future years

(f)

Scenario 6 – Lapse and Surrender rates

– 25% for all future years

(g)

Scenario 7 – Expenses

+ 30% for all future years

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

184


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33 

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

 

Insurance Risk (continued)

 

Insurance Risks of Life Insurance Contracts (continued)

TABLE 33(B1): Profit/(Loss) After Tax and Shareholders' Equity sensitivity for the Singapore segment:

Impact on 1-year's Profit/(Loss) After Tax and Shareholders' Equity

in Singapore 

Dollars (millions) Scenario 1

Scenario 2

Scenario 3

Scenario 4

Scenario 5

Scenario 6

Scenario 7

2019

Gross impact

 (177.8)

 97.8 

 (87.0)

 35.5 

 68.7 

 (79.1)

 (12.0)

Reinsurance 

ceded

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Net impact

 (177.8)

 97.8 

 (87.0)

 35.5 

 68.7 

 (79.1)

 (12.0)

2018

Gross impact

 (100.3)

 23.1 

 34.7 

 (77.1)

 55.9 

 (65.4)

 (26.0)

Reinsurance 

ceded

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Net impact

 (100.3)

 23.1 

 34.7 

 (77.1)

 55.9 

 (65.4)

 (26.0)

TABLE 33(B2): Profit/(Loss) After Tax and Shareholders' Equity sensitivity for the Malaysia segment:

Impact on 1-year's Profit/(Loss) After Tax and Shareholders' Equity

in Singapore 

Dollars (millions) Scenario 1

Scenario 2

Scenario 3

Scenario 4

Scenario 5

Scenario 6

Scenario 7

2019

Gross impact

 (95.0)

 85.9 

 (17.8)

 13.1 

 1.2 

 1.5 

 (28.1)

Reinsurance 

ceded

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Net impact

 (95.0)

 85.9 

 (17.8)

 13.1 

 1.2 

 1.5 

 (28.1)

2018

Gross impact

 (76.9)

 67.2 

 (15.3)

 11.9 

 (4.4)

 6.1 

 (24.8)

Reinsurance 

ceded

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Net impact

 (76.9)

 67.2 

 (15.3)

 11.9 

 (4.4)

 6.1 

 (24.8)

The tables above demonstrate the sensitivity of the Group's Profit or Loss After Tax to a possible change in actuarial 

valuation assumptions on an individual basis with all other variables held constant.

The effect of sensitivity analysis on reinsurance ceded for the Singapore and Malaysia segments are not material.

The method used, including the significant assumptions made, for performing the above sensitivity analysis did not 

change from the previous year.

185

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Insurance Risk (continued)

Insurance Risk of Non-Life Insurance Contracts

Risks under non-life insurance policies usually cover a twelve-month duration.  The risk inherent in non-life insurance 

contracts is reflected in the insurance contract liabilities which include the premium and claims liabilities, as set 

out under Note 15 of the financial statements.  The premium liabilities comprise reserve for unexpired risks, while 

the claims liabilities comprise the loss reserves which include both provision for outstanding claims notified and 

outstanding claims incurred but not reported.

TABLE 33(C1): The table below sets out the distribution of the various categories of the non-life insurance risk as at 

the balance sheet date:

(i) by Class of business:

Non-life Insurance Contracts

As at 31 December 2019

As at 31 December 2018

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Gross 

premium 

liabilities

Reinsured 

premium 

liabilities

Net 

premium 

liabilities

Gross 

premium 

liabilities

Reinsured 

premium 

liabilities

Net 

premium 

liabilities

Fire

 27.4 

 (10.1)

 17.3 

 19.1 

 (6.3)

 12.8 

Motor

 38.3 

 (2.7)

 35.6 

 34.8 

 (2.3)

 32.5 

Marine &amp; aviation

 10.7 

 (6.0)

 4.7 

 3.0 

 (2.6)

 0.4 

Workmen’s compensation

 26.8 

 (10.8)

 16.0 

 16.4 

 (4.3)

 12.1 

Personal accident &amp; health

 23.7 

 (1.4)

 22.3 

 24.0 

 (1.7)

 22.3 

Miscellaneous

 52.1 

 (32.7)

 19.4 

 49.5 

 (33.9)

 15.6 

Total

 179.0 

 (63.7)

 115.3 

 146.8 

 (51.1)

 95.7 

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Gross 

claims 

liabilities

Reinsured 

claims 

liabilities

Net 

claims 

liabilities

Gross 

claims 

liabilities

Reinsured 

claims 

liabilities

Net 

claims 

liabilities

Fire

 50.2 

 (33.4)

 16.8 

 28.8 

 (19.1)

 9.7 

Motor

 56.2 

 (5.5)

 50.7 

 55.0 

 (4.6)

 50.4 

Marine &amp; aviation

 51.1 

 (36.3)

 14.8 

 25.1 

 (21.8)

 3.3 

Workmen's compensation

 28.4 

 (10.5)

 17.9 

 26.0 

 (9.1)

 16.9 

Personal accident &amp; health

 22.3 

 (2.6)

 19.7 

 17.6 

 (2.1)

 15.5 

Miscellaneous

 72.0 

 (43.7)

 28.3 

 84.2 

 (63.7)

 20.5 

Total

 280.2 

 (132.0)

 148.2 

 236.7 

 (120.4)

 116.3 

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

186


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Insurance Risk (continued)

Insurance Risk of Non-Life Insurance Contracts (continued)

TABLE 33(C1): The table below sets out the distribution of the various categories of the non-life insurance risk as at 

the balance sheet date (continued):

(ii) by Country:

Non-life Insurance Contracts

As at 31 December 2019

As at 31 December 2018

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Gross 

premium 

liabilities

Reinsured 

premium 

liabilities

Net 

premium 

liabilities

Gross 

premium 

liabilities

Reinsured 

premium 

liabilities

Net 

premium 

liabilities

Singapore

 94.6 

 (43.1)

 51.5 

 77.6 

 (34.7)

 42.9 

Malaysia

 71.1 

 (18.8)

 52.3 

 69.2 

 (16.4)

 52.8 

Indonesia

 13.3 

 (1.8)

 11.5 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Total

 179.0 

 (63.7)

 115.3 

 146.8 

 (51.1)

 95.7 

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Gross 

claims 

liabilities

Reinsured 

claims 

liabilities

Net claims 

liabilities

Gross 

claims 

liabilities

Reinsured 

claims 

liabilities

Net claims 

liabilities

Singapore

 111.4 

 (61.3)

 50.1 

 123.1 

 (73.5)

 49.6 

Malaysia

 126.9 

 (55.1)

 71.8 

 113.6 

 (46.9)

 66.7 

Indonesia

 41.9 

 (15.6)

 26.3 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Total

 280.2 

 (132.0)

 148.2 

 236.7 

 (120.4)

 116.3 

Key Assumptions

Non-life insurance contract liabilities are determined based on previous claims experience, existing knowledge of 

events, the terms and conditions of the relevant policies and interpretation of circumstances.  Of particular relevance 

is past experience with similar cases, historical claims development trends, legislative changes, judicial decisions, 

economic conditions and claims handling procedures.  The estimates of the non-life insurance contract liabilities 

are therefore sensitive to various factors and uncertainties.  The actual future premium and claims liabilities will not 

develop exactly as projected and may vary from initial estimates.

Insurance risk of non-life insurance contracts is mitigated by achieving diversification across a large portfolio of 

insurance contracts and geographical areas.  The variability of risks is improved by careful selection and implementation 

of underwriting strategies, which are designed to ensure that risks are diversified in terms of type of risk and level 

of insured benefits.  This is largely achieved through diversification across industry sectors and geography.  Further, 

thorough claim review policies to assess all new and ongoing claims, regular detailed review of claims handling 

procedures and frequent investigation of possible fraudulent claims are put in place to reduce the risk exposure of the 

Group.  The Group further enforces a policy of active management and prompt pursuit of claims, in order to reduce its 

exposure to unpredictable future developments that can negatively impact the Group.

The Group has also limited its exposure by imposing maximum claim amounts on certain contracts as well as the use 

of reinsurance arrangements in order to limit exposure to catastrophic events, e.g. hurricanes, earthquakes and flood 

damages.

187

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Insurance Risk (continued)

Key Assumptions (continued)

The sensitivity analysis below shows the impact of changes in key assumptions on gross and net liabilities, profit 

before tax and equity.

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Change in 

assumptions

Impact 

on gross 

liabilities

Impact 

on net 

liabilities

Impact 

on profit 

before tax

Impact on 

equity

As at 31 December 2019

Provision for adverse deviation margin

+20%

 7.2 

 2.4 

 (2.4)

 (1.9)

Loss ratio(1)

+20%

 66.9 

 40.5 

 (40.5)

 (31.8)

Claim handling expenses

+20%

 1.7 

 1.1 

 (1.1)

 (0.9)

As at 31 December 2018

Provision for adverse deviation margin

+20%

 5.6 

 2.5 

 (2.5)

 (2.0)

Loss ratio(1)

+20%

 75.6 

 50.6 

 (50.6)

 (39.3)

Claim handling expenses

+20%

 1.7 

 1.6 

 (1.6)

 (1.2)

The method used and significant assumptions made for deriving sensitivity information above did not change from 

the previous year.

(1) 

Best estimate reserves and current accident year payments.

TABLE 33(C2): The table below shows the cumulative claims estimates, including both claims notified and IBNR for 

each successive accident year, at each balance sheet date, together with cumulative payments to date.

Gross non-life insurance contract liabilities for 2019:

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

Total

Estimate of cumulative claims

Accident Year

 93.3  137.5  126.7  166.1  178.0  169.2  163.1  214.2 

One year later

 99.5  130.5  118.7  162.0  178.0  165.9  140.7 

 – 

Two years later

 96.8  117.2  115.7  133.8  173.1  147.3 

 – 

 – 

Three years later

 94.2  115.6  112.3  139.9  168.6 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Four years later

 89.4  119.9  106.7  139.2 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Five years later

 86.7  123.1  107.6 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Six years later

 84.9  121.7 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Seven years later

 84.4 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Current estimate of cumulative claims

 84.4  121.7  107.6  139.2  168.6  147.3  140.7  214.2 

Cumulative payments

Accident Year

 37.0 

 38.3 

 38.7 

 51.5 

 81.8 

 64.0 

 54.9 

 91.1 

One year later

 64.2 

 78.6 

 87.3  104.9  138.3  107.2  100.7 

 – 

Two years later

 75.3 

 91.1 

 96.2  113.8  154.3  120.6 

 – 

 – 

Three years later

 80.6 

 95.2 

 99.1  127.7  158.1 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Four years later

 83.3  111.8  100.3  130.2 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Five years later

 83.9  120.5  102.0 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Six years later

 83.9  120.9 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Seven years later

 83.9 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Cumulative payments

 83.9  120.9  102.0  130.2  158.1  120.6  100.7 

 91.1 

Non-life gross claim liabilities

 0.5 

 0.8 

 5.6 

 9.0 

 10.5 

 26.7 

 40.0  123.1  216.2 

Reserve for prior years

 22.1 

Estimated cumulative claims of PT 

Great Eastern General Insurance, 

gross

 41.9 

Non-life Insurance Contract 

Liabilities, gross

 280.2 

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

188


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Insurance Risk (continued)

TABLE 33(C2): The table below shows the cumulative claims estimates, including both claims notified and IBNR for 

each successive accident year, at each balance sheet date, together with cumulative payments to date (continued).

Non-life insurance contract liabilities, net of reinsurance of liabilities, for 2019:

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

Total

Estimate of cumulative claims

Accident Year

 64.2 

 92.8 

 80.4 

 82.8 

 90.5 

 93.1  106.2  118.8 

One year later

 70.0 

 74.1 

 77.1 

 78.7 

 85.3 

 91.6 

 98.7 

 – 

Two years later

 66.4 

 71.7 

 75.5 

 74.7 

 83.0 

 90.2 

 – 

 – 

Three years later

 65.0 

 71.0 

 75.0 

 71.6 

 80.8 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Four years later

 62.6 

 68.9 

 71.7 

 70.3 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Five years later

 61.3 

 66.5 

 71.9 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Six years later

 60.0 

 65.6 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Seven years later

 59.8 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Current estimate of cumulative claims

 59.8 

 65.6 

 71.9 

 70.3 

 80.8 

 90.2 

 98.7  118.8 

Cumulative payments

Accident Year

 31.5 

 30.2 

 31.6 

 30.1 

 40.8 

 43.5 

 46.8 

 54.1 

One year later

 49.3 

 54.9 

 59.2 

 55.6 

 65.7 

 71.8 

 78.2 

 – 

Two years later

 55.9 

 61.2 

 65.1 

 61.7 

 72.4 

 79.3 

 – 

 – 

Three years later

 58.3 

 63.2 

 67.4 

 63.7 

 74.5 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Four years later

 59.3 

 64.4 

 68.5 

 65.0 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Five years later

 59.5 

 64.8 

 69.2 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Six years later

 59.6 

 65.0 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Seven years later

 59.6 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

Cumulative payments

 59.6 

 65.0 

 69.2 

 65.0 

 74.5 

 79.3 

 78.2 

 54.1 

Non-life net claim liabilities

 0.2 

 0.6 

 2.7 

 5.3 

 6.3 

 10.9 

 20.5 

 64.7  111.2 

Reserve for prior years

 10.7 

Estimated cumulative claims of PT 

Great Eastern General Insurance, 

net

 26.3 

Non-life Insurance Contract 

Liabilities, net

 148.2 

189

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Market and Credit Risk

Market risk arises when the market values of assets and liabilities do not move consistently as financial markets 

change.  Changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices and alternative investment prices can impact 

present and future earnings of the insurance operations as well as shareholders’ equity.

The Group is exposed to market risk in the investments of the Shareholders’ Fund as well as in the mismatch risk 

between the assets and liabilities of the Insurance Funds.  In the case of the third-party funds managed by Lion 

Global Investors, investment risks are borne by investors and the Group does not assume any liability in the event of 

occurrence of loss or write-down in market valuation.  

Group ALC, Group IC and local ALCs actively manage market risks through setting of investment policy and asset 

allocation, approving portfolio construction and risk measurement methodologies, approving hedging and alternative 

risk transfer strategies.  Investment limits are monitored at various levels to ensure that all investment activities are 

conducted within the Group’s risk appetite and in line with the Group's management principles and philosophies. 

Compliance with established limits forms an integral part of the risk governance and financial reporting framework. 

The approach adopted by the Group in managing the various types of risk, including interest rate risk, foreign exchange 

risk, equity price risk, credit risk, alternative investment risk and liquidity risk, is briefly described below:

(a)

Interest rate risk (including asset liability mismatch).  The Group is exposed to interest rate risk through (i) 

investments in fixed income instruments and (ii) policy liabilities in the Insurance Funds.  Since the Shareholders’ 

Fund has exposure to investments in fixed income instruments but no exposure to insurance policy liabilities, 

it will incur an economic loss when interest rates rise.  Given the long duration of policy liabilities and the 

uncertainty of the cash flows of the Insurance Funds, it is not possible to hold assets that will perfectly match 

the policy liabilities.  This results in a net interest rate risk or asset liability mismatch risk which is managed and 

monitored by Group ALC and the local ALCs.  The Insurance Funds will incur an economic loss when interest 

rates drop since the duration of policy liabilities is generally longer than the duration of the fixed income assets.

Under Singapore regulations governed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS), the liability cash flows 

with durations less than 20 years are discounted using zero-coupon spot yield of Singapore Government 

Securities (SGS) while liability cash flows with duration more than 20 years for Singapore funds are discounted 

using the Long Term Risk Free Discount Rate ("LTRFDR").  As a result, the Singapore Non Participating funds 

could have negative earnings impact when the LTRFDR decreases.

Under Malaysia regulations governed by Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM), the liability cash flows with durations 

less than 15 years are discounted using zero-coupon spot yield of Malaysia Government Securities (MGS) with 

matching duration while the liability cash flows with durations of 15 years or more are discounted using zero-

coupon spot yield of MGS with 15 years term to maturity.  As a result, the Malaysia non-participating fund could 

have negative earnings impact when the zero-coupon spot yield of MGS decreases.

(b)

Foreign currency risk. Hedging through currency forwards and swaps is typically used for the foreign currency 

denominated fixed income portfolio. Portfolios are mostly hedged where practical and cost-effective. Foreign 

exchange instruments are also used for efficient portfolio management.

The Group is also exposed to foreign exchange risk on the net investment in its foreign subsidiaries.  Such risk 

mainly arises from the Group's subsidiaries in Malaysia. The Insurance and Shareholders’ Funds in Malaysia 

are predominantly held in Malaysian Ringgit, as prescribed by Bank Negara, Malaysia. 

Limits are set on the total amount of foreign currency (net of liabilities) to cap the Group's foreign currency risk.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

190


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Market and Credit Risk (continued)

(b)

Foreign currency risk. (continued)

TABLE 33(D): The tables below show the foreign exchange position of the Group's financial and insurance-

related assets and liabilities by major currencies:

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

SGD

RM

USD

Others

Total

As at 31 December 2019

FINANCIAL AND  

INSURANCE-RELATED ASSETS

Financial assets at FVOCI

 Equity securities

 364.5 

 220.5 

 – 

 1,004.1 

 1,589.1 

 Debt securities

 4,833.6 

 815.6 

 2,616.3 

 401.0 

 8,666.5 

Financial assets at FVTPL

 Equity securities

 1,434.7 

 7,017.0 

 1,161.3 

 3,629.2 

 13,242.2 

 Debt securities

 16,432.5 

 14,351.9 

 9,993.4 

 5,629.1 

 46,406.9 

 Other investments

 5,645.7 

 213.3 

 4,375.0 

 1,852.3 

 12,086.3 

Financial assets at Amortised Cost

 Debt securities

 – 

 – 

 111.8 

 14.7 

 126.5 

Derivative financial assets

 375.4 

 – 

 25.0 

 16.8 

 417.2 

Loans

 607.9 

 442.6 

 1.6 

 19.4 

 1,071.5 

Insurance receivables

 1,117.9 

 1,858.8 

 14.0 

 41.1 

 3,031.8 

Other debtors

 754.2 

 239.5 

 33.4 

 49.8 

 1,076.9 

Cash and cash equivalents

 3,768.4 

 1,760.7 

 294.8 

 392.0 

 6,215.9 

 35,334.8 

 26,919.9 

 18,626.6 

 13,049.5 

 93,930.8 

FINANCIAL AND  

INSURANCE-RELATED LIABILITIES

Other creditors

 3,469.2 

 297.7 

 95.8 

 35.5 

 3,898.2 

Insurance payables

 1,620.9 

 3,565.1 

 2.7 

 16.3 

 5,205.0 

Derivative financial liabilities

 18.6 

 – 

 68.3 

 108.7 

 195.6 

Provision for agents' retirement benefits

 – 

 294.0 

 – 

 – 

 294.0 

Debt issued

 399.9 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 399.9 

Insurance contract liabilities

 49,214.1 

 20,556.6 

 2,129.5 

 621.5 

 72,521.7 

 54,722.7 

 24,713.4 

 2,296.3 

 782.0 

 82,514.4 

191

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Market and Credit Risk (continued)

(b)

Foreign currency risk. (continued)

TABLE 33(D): The tables below show the foreign exchange position of the Group's financial and insurance-

related assets and liabilities by major currencies (continued):

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

SGD

RM

USD

Others

Total

As at 31 December 2018

FINANCIAL AND 

INSURANCE-RELATED ASSETS

Financial assets at FVOCI

 Equity securities

 534.6 

 192.1 

 – 

 1,125.4 

 1,852.1 

 Debt securities

 3,730.4 

 695.0 

 2,304.6 

 228.7 

 6,958.7 

Financial assets at FVTPL

 Equity securities

 1,696.0 

 6,004.9 

 910.8 

 3,585.9 

 12,197.6 

 Debt securities

 13,511.0 

 14,044.9 

 8,966.7 

 4,422.0 

 40,944.6 

 Other investments

 4,558.9 

 199.4 

 3,289.9 

 1,520.1 

 9,568.3 

Derivative financial assets

 217.2 

 – 

 7.5 

 2.2 

 226.9 

Loans

 510.1 

 817.8 

 1.7 

 – 

 1,329.6 

Insurance receivables

 1,114.9 

 1,674.5 

 0.2 

 4.5 

 2,794.1 

Other debtors

 604.3 

 246.4 

 132.3 

 31.6 

 1,014.6 

Cash and cash equivalents

 3,505.3 

 1,387.4 

 540.8 

 271.6 

 5,705.1 

 29,982.7 

 25,262.4 

 16,154.5 

 11,192.0 

 82,591.6 

FINANCIAL AND 

INSURANCE-RELATED LIABILITIES

Other creditors 

 1,168.1 

 324.4 

 97.5 

 22.1 

 1,612.1 

Insurance payables

 1,358.9 

 3,244.6 

 3.7 

 12.0 

 4,619.2 

Derivative financial liabilities

 6.2 

 1.9 

 120.7 

 165.9 

 294.7 

Provision for agents' retirement benefits

 – 

 276.1 

 – 

 – 

 276.1 

Debt issued

 399.8 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 399.8 

Insurance contract liabilities

 44,142.7 

 19,567.2 

 1,763.7 

 502.8 

 65,976.4 

 47,075.7 

 23,414.2 

 1,985.6 

 702.8 

 73,178.3 

The Group has no significant concentration of foreign currency risk.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

192


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Market and Credit Risk (continued)

(c)

Equity price risk.  Exposure to equity price risk exists in both assets and liabilities.  Asset exposure exists 

through direct equity, equity derivatives and fund investments, where the Group, through investments, bears all 

or most of the volatility in returns and investment performance risk.  Equity price risk also exists in investment-

linked products where the revenues of the insurance operations are linked to the value of the underlying equity 

funds since this has an impact on the level of fees earned.  Limits are set for single security holdings as a 

percentage of equity holdings.  

(d)

Credit spread risk.  Exposure to credit spread risk exists in the Group’s investments in bonds.  Credit spread is 

the difference between the quoted rates of return of two different investments of different credit quality.  When 

spreads widen between bonds with different quality ratings, it implies that the market is factoring more risk of 

default on lower grade bonds. A widening in credit spreads will result in a fall in the values of the Group’s bond 

portfolio.

(e)

Alternative investment risk.  The Group is exposed to alternative investment risk through investments in direct 

real estate that it owns in Singapore and Malaysia and through real estate, private equity, infrastructure and 

hedge funds for exposures in other countries.  A monitoring process is in place to manage foreign exchange, 

country and manager concentration risks.  This process and the acquisition or divestment of alternative 

investments are reviewed and approved by RMC and Group IC.

(f)

Commodity risk.  The Group does not have any direct exposure to commodity risk.

(g)

Liquidity risk.  Liquidity risk arises when a company is unable to meet the cash flow needs of its financial 

liabilities, or if the assets backing the liabilities cannot be sold quickly enough without incurring unreasonable 

losses. For an insurance company, the greatest liquidity needs typically arise from its insurance liabilities. 

Demands for funds can usually be met through ongoing normal operations, premiums received, sale of assets 

or borrowings.  Unexpected demands for liquidity may be triggered by negative publicity, deterioration of the 

economy, reports of problems in other companies in the same or similar lines of business, unanticipated policy 

claims, or other unexpected cash demands from policyholders.  

Expected liquidity demands are managed through a combination of treasury, investment and asset-liability 

management practices, which are monitored on an ongoing basis.  Actual and projected cash inflows and 

outflows are monitored and a reasonable amount of assets are kept in liquid instruments at all times.  The 

projected cash flows from the in-force insurance policy contract liabilities consist of renewal premiums, 

commissions, claims, maturities and surrenders.  Renewal premiums, commissions, claims and maturities are 

generally stable and predictable.  Surrenders can be more uncertain although these have been quite stable 

over the past several years.  

Unexpected liquidity demands are managed through a combination of product design, diversification limits, 

investment strategies and systematic monitoring.  The existence of surrender penalty in insurance contracts 

also protects the Group from losses due to unexpected surrender trends as well as reduces the sensitivity of 

surrenders to changes in interest rates.

193

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Market and Credit Risk (continued)

(g)

Liquidity risk. (continued)

Maturity Profile

TABLE 33(E1): The following tables show the expected recovery or settlement of financial and insurance-related 

assets and maturity profile of the Group's financial and insurance contract liabilities which are presented based 

on contractual undiscounted cash flow basis, except for insurance contract liabilities which are presented 

based on net cash outflows resulting from recognised liabilities.

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Carrying 

Amount

&lt; 1  

Year

1 – 5 

Years

&gt; 5  

Years

No 

maturity 

date

Total

As at 31 December 2019

FINANCIAL AND 

INSURANCE-RELATED ASSETS

Financial assets at FVOCI

 Equity securities

 1,589.1 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 1,589.1 

 1,589.1 

 Debt securities

 8,666.5 

 516.2 

 3,817.2 

 7,637.9 

 – 

 11,971.3 

Financial assets at FVTPL

 Equity securities

 13,242.2 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 13,242.2 

 13,242.2 

 Debt securities

 46,406.9 

 3,862.3 

 14,368.4 

 41,665.9 

 2,330.1 

 62,226.7 

 Other investments

 12,086.3 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 12,086.3 

 12,086.3 

Financial assets at Amortised Cost

 Debt securities

 126.5 

 6.8 

 27.2 

 234.8 

 – 

 268.8 

Loans

 1,071.5 

 291.2 

 795.6 

 103.5 

 – 

 1,190.3 

Insurance receivables

 3,031.8 

 642.7 

 2.1 

 – 

 2,387.0 

 3,031.8 

Other debtors

 1,076.9 

 1,055.0 

 – 

 18.1 

 3.8 

 1,076.9 

Cash and cash equivalents

 6,215.9 

 6,215.9 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 6,215.9 

 93,513.6 

 12,590.1 

 19,010.5 

 49,660.2 

 31,638.5  112,899.3 

FINANCIAL AND 

INSURANCE-RELATED LIABILITIES

Other creditors

 3,802.6 

 3,774.6 

 0.1 

 – 

 27.9 

 3,802.6 

Lease liabilities

 95.6 

 13.4 

 51.2 

 45.1 

 – 

 109.7 

Insurance payables

 5,205.0 

 5,180.1 

 13.3 

 – 

 11.6 

 5,205.0 

Provision for agents' retirement 

benefits

 294.0 

 115.1 

 59.0 

 119.9 

 – 

 294.0 

Debt issued

 399.9 

 18.4 

 409.2 

 – 

 – 

 427.6 

Insurance contract liabilities

 72,521.7 

 12,269.8 

 15,465.4 

 44,776.1 

 10.4 

 72,521.7 

 82,318.8 

 21,371.4 

 15,998.2 

 44,941.1 

 49.9 

 82,360.6 

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

194


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Market and Credit Risk (continued)

(g)

Liquidity risk. (continued)

Maturity Profile (continued)

TABLE 33(E1): The following tables show the expected recovery or settlement of financial and insurance-related 

assets and maturity profile of the Group's financial and insurance contract liabilities which are presented based 

on contractual undiscounted cash flow basis, except for insurance contract liabilities which are presented 

based on net cash outflows resulting from recognised liabilities (continued).

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Carrying 

Amount

&lt; 1  

Year

1 – 5 

Years

&gt; 5  

Years

No 

maturity 

date

Total

As at 31 December 2018

FINANCIAL AND 

INSURANCE-RELATED ASSETS

Financial assets at FVOCI

 Equity securities

 1,852.1 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 1,852.1 

 1,852.1 

 Debt securities

 6,958.7 

 330.7 

 2,077.0 

 8,283.3 

 – 

 10,691.0 

Financial assets at FVTPL

 Equity securities

 12,197.6 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 12,197.6 

 12,197.6 

 Debt securities

 40,944.5 

 2,452.6 

 15,359.1 

 37,798.9 

 2,224.9 

 57,835.5 

 Other investments

 9,568.3 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 9,568.3 

 9,568.3 

Loans

 1,329.6 

 532.9 

 738.5 

 215.6 

 – 

 1,487.0 

Insurance receivables

 2,794.1 

 385.1 

 3.5 

 – 

 2,405.5 

 2,794.1 

Other debtors 

 1,014.6 

 951.9 

 10.5 

 18.2 

 34.0 

 1,014.6 

Cash and cash equivalents

 5,705.1 

 5,705.1 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 5,705.1 

 82,364.6 

 10,358.3 

 18,188.6 

 46,316.0 

 28,282.4  103,145.3 

FINANCIAL AND 

INSURANCE-RELATED LIABILITIES

Other creditors

 1,612.1 

 1,579.6 

 4.6 

 0.3 

 27.6 

 1,612.1 

Insurance payables

 4,619.2 

 3,571.4 

 1,043.4 

 – 

 4.4 

 4,619.2 

Provision for agents' retirement 

benefits

 276.1 

 99.7 

 59.1 

 117.3 

 – 

 276.1 

Debt issued

 399.8 

 18.4 

 427.6 

 – 

 – 

 446.0 

Insurance contract liabilities

 65,976.4 

 7,934.7 

 14,988.5 

 43,032.9 

 20.3 

 65,976.4 

 72,883.6 

 13,203.8 

 16,523.2 

 43,150.5 

 52.3 

 72,929.8 

195

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Market and Credit Risk (continued)

(g)

Liquidity risk. (continued)

TABLE 33(E2): The following tables show the current/non-current classification of assets and liabilities:

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Current*

Non-Current

Unit-linked

Total

As at 31 December 2019

ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents

 5,900.5 

 – 

 315.4 

 6,215.9 

Other debtors

 1,016.8 

 47.1 

 61.0 

 1,124.9 

Insurance receivables

 1,545.7 

 1,486.1 

 – 

 3,031.8 

Loans

 216.5 

 855.0 

 – 

 1,071.5 

Derivative financial assets

 241.5 

 170.8 

 4.9 

 417.2 

Investments

 11,195.2 

 64,644.9 

 6,277.4 

 82,117.5 

Associates

 – 

 1.7 

 – 

 1.7 

Intangible assets

 – 

 31.7 

 – 

 31.7 

Property, plant and equipment

 – 

 708.6 

 – 

 708.6 

Investment properties

 – 

 1,785.5 

 – 

 1,785.5 

 20,116.2 

 69,731.4 

 6,658.7 

 96,506.3 

LIABILITIES

Insurance payables

 5,188.4 

 16.6 

 – 

 5,205.0 

Other creditors

 3,750.4 

 112.6 

 82.6 

 3,945.6 

Derivative financial liabilities

 93.0 

 97.6 

 5.0 

 195.6 

Income tax payable

 553.6 

 – 

 4.4 

 558.0 

Provision for agents' retirement benefits

 115.1 

 178.9 

 – 

 294.0 

Deferred tax

 – 

 1,541.3 

 1.7 

 1,543.0 

Debt issued

 – 

 399.9 

 – 

 399.9 

Insurance contract liabilities

 5,398.9 

 63,022.9 

 7,241.8 

 75,663.6 

 15,099.4 

 65,369.8 

 7,335.5 

 87,804.7 

*  

expected recovery or settlement within 12 months from the balance sheet date.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

196


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Market and Credit Risk (continued)

(g)

Liquidity risk. (continued)

TABLE 33(E2): The following tables show the current/non-current classification of assets and liabilities 

(continued):

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Current*

Non-Current

Unit-linked

Total

As at 31 December 2018

ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents

 5,170.2 

 – 

 534.9 

 5,705.1 

Other debtors

 947.7 

 64.1 

 61.7 

 1,073.5 

Insurance receivables

 385.1 

 2,409.0 

 – 

 2,794.1 

Loans

 482.4 

 847.2 

 – 

 1,329.6 

Derivative financial assets

 93.5 

 128.9 

 4.5 

 226.9 

Investments

 14,207.3 

 52,046.4 

 5,267.6 

 71,521.3 

Associates

 – 

 1.7 

 – 

 1.7 

Intangible assets

 – 

 27.4 

 – 

 27.4 

Property, plant and equipment

 – 

 591.1 

 – 

 591.1 

Investment properties

 – 

 1,771.3 

 – 

 1,771.3 

 21,286.2 

 57,887.1 

 5,868.7 

 85,042.0 

LIABILITIES

Insurance payables

 3,571.3 

 1,047.9 

 – 

 4,619.2 

Other creditors

 1,526.4 

 33.4 

 87.3 

 1,647.1 

Derivative financial liabilities

 50.9 

 241.7 

 2.1 

 294.7 

Income tax payable

 501.2 

 – 

 6.5 

 507.7 

Provision for agents' retirement benefits

 99.7 

 176.4 

 – 

 276.1 

Deferred tax

 – 

 1,131.0 

 1.1 

 1,132.1 

Debt issued

 – 

 399.8 

 – 

 399.8 

Insurance contract liabilities

 1,839.2 

 60,628.4 

 6,176.2 

 68,643.8 

 7,588.7 

 63,658.6 

 6,273.2 

 77,520.5 

*  

expected recovery or settlement within 12 months from the balance sheet date.

(h)

Credit risk.  Credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will cause financial loss to the other 

party by failing to discharge an obligation.  The Group is mainly exposed to credit risk through (i) investments 

in cash and bonds, (ii) corporate lending activities and (iii) exposure to counterparty’s credit in derivative 

transactions and reinsurance contracts.  For all three types of exposures, financial loss may materialise as a 

result of a credit default by the borrower or counterparty.  For investments in bonds, financial loss may also 

materialise as a result of the widening of credit spreads or a downgrade of credit rating.

The task of evaluating and monitoring credit risk is undertaken by the local ALCs.  Group wide credit risk is 

managed by Group ALC.  The Group has internal limits by issuer, counterparty and investment grade.  These 

limits are actively monitored to manage the credit and concentration risk.  These limits are reviewed on a 

regular basis.  The creditworthiness of reinsurers is assessed on an annual basis by reviewing their financial 

strength through published credit ratings and other publicly available financial information.

Reinsurance is placed with counterparties that have a good credit rating and concentration of risk is mitigated 

through counterparty limits that are reviewed and approved on an annual basis.

197

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Market and Credit Risk (continued)

(h)

Credit risk. (continued)

Credit risk in respect of customer balances incurred on non-payment of premiums or contributions will only 

persist during the grace period specified in the policy document or trust deed until expiry, when the policy is 

either paid up or terminated.

The Group issues unit-linked investment policies.  In the unit-linked business, the policyholder bears the 

investment risk on the assets held in the unit-linked funds as the policy benefits are directly linked to the value 

of the assets in the fund.  Therefore, the Group has no material credit risk on unit-linked financial assets.

The loans in the Group's portfolio are generally secured by collateral, with a maximum loan to value ratio of 70%.  

The amount and type of collateral required depend on an assessment of the credit risk of the counterparty.  

Guidelines on the eligibility of collateral have been established, and all collaterals are revalued on a regular 

basis.  Management monitors the market value of the collateral, requests additional collateral when needed 

and performs an impairment valuation when applicable.  The fair value of collateral, held by the Group as 

lender, for which it is entitled to sell or pledge in the event of default is as follows:

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Type of Collateral

Carrying Amount

Fair Value

As at 31 December 2019

Secured loans

Properties

 730.9 

 1,342.9 

Others

 99.8 (1) 

 0.7 

Policy loans

Cash value of policies

 2,387.0 

 4,862.5 

 3,217.7 

 6,206.1 

As at 31 December 2018

Secured loans

Properties

 604.4 

 1,033.1 

Others

 430.2 (1) 

 8.4 

Policy loans

Cash value of policies

 2,344.9 

 4,805.7 

 3,379.5 

 5,847.2 

(1) 

This includes secured loans which are guaranteed by the government although there is no collateral held.

There were no securities lending arrangements as at 31 December 2019 (31 December 2018: nil).

As at the balance sheet date, no investments (2018: nil) were placed as collateral for currency hedging purposes.

Transactions are conducted under standard terms and conditions for securities borrowing and lending activities.

The following table sets out information about the credit quality of loans and debt securities measured at 

amortised cost and debt securities measured at FVOCI. The maximum exposure is shown gross, before the 

effect of mitigation through the use of master netting or collateral agreements and the use of credit derivatives. 

For loan commitments, the amounts in the table represent the amounts committed.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

198


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Market and Credit Risk (continued)

(h)

Credit risk. (continued)

For explanation of the terms: '12-month ECL', 'lifetime ECL' and 'credit-impaired', refer to Note 2.10.7.

31 December 2019

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note

12-month 

ECL

Lifetime ECL 

not credit 

impaired

Lifetime 

ECL credit 

impaired

Total

Loans at amortised cost

Investment Grade* (BBB to AAA)

 716.7 

 – 

 – 

 716.7 

Non Investment Grade* (C to BB)

 66.4 

 225.2 

 109.4 

 401.0 

Not Rated

 1.4 

 – 

 – 

 1.4 

 784.5 

 225.2 

 109.4 

 1,119.1 

Loss allowance

19

 (0.7)

 (4.6)

 (42.3)

 (47.6)

Carrying amount

 783.8 

 220.6 

 67.1 

 1,071.5 

Debt securities at Amortised Cost

Investment Grade* (BBB to AAA)

 121.6 

 – 

 – 

 121.6 

Non Investment Grade* (C to BB)

 5.6 

 – 

 – 

 5.6 

 127.2 

 – 

 – 

 127.2 

Loss allowance

 (0.7)

 – 

 – 

 (0.7)

Carrying amount

 126.5 

 – 

 – 

 126.5 

Debt securities at FVOCI 

Investment Grade* (BBB to AAA)

 7,892.9 

 18.6 

 – 

 7,911.5 

Non Investment Grade* (C to BB)

 714.4 

 40.6 

 – 

 755.0 

 8,607.3 

 59.2 

 – 

 8,666.5 

31 December 2018

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note

12-month 

ECL

Lifetime ECL 

not credit 

impaired

Lifetime 

ECL credit 

impaired

Total

Loans at amortised cost

Investment Grade* (BBB to AAA)

 862.4 

 44.0 

 – 

 906.4 

Non Investment Grade* (C to BB)

 39.5 

 292.5 

 109.4 

 441.4 

Not Rated

 2.5 

 – 

 – 

 2.5 

 904.4 

 336.5 

 109.4 

 1,350.3 

Loss allowance

19

 (0.5)

 (6.4)

 (13.8)

 (20.7)

Carrying amount

 903.9 

 330.1 

 95.6 

 1,329.6 

Debt securities at FVOCI

Investment Grade* (BBB to AAA)

 6,580.4 

 26.2 

 – 

 6,606.6 

Non Investment Grade* (C to BB)

 294.3 

 55.8 

 2.0 

 352.1 

 6,874.7 

 82.0 

 2.0 

 6,958.7 

Loan commitments

Investment Grade* (BBB to AAA)

 25.9 

 0.9 

 – 

 26.8 

* 

Based on internal ratings grades which are equivalent to grades of external rating agencies.

199

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Market and Credit Risk (continued)

(h)

Credit risk. (continued)

The following table sets out the credit analysis for financial assets measured at FVOCI, FVTPL and amortised 

cost, other than loans and debt securities measured at amortised cost:

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Investment 

Grade*

(BBB to 

AAA)

Non 

Investment 

Grade*

(C to BB)

Not Rated Unit-linked

Not 

subject to 

credit risk

Total 

carrying 

amount

As at 31 December 2019

Financial assets at FVOCI

 Equity securities

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 1,589.1 

 1,589.1 

Financial assets at FVTPL

 Equity securities

 – 

 – 

 0.7 

 2,665.4 

 10,576.1 

 13,242.2 

 Debt securities

 37,576.1 

 1,970.6 

 5,472.1 

 1,388.1 

 – 

 46,406.9 

 Other investments

 – 

 – 

 135.8 

 2,743.7 

 9,206.8 

 12,086.3 

Derivative financial assets

 411.7 

 – 

 0.3 

 5.2 

 – 

 417.2 

Insurance receivables

 47.0 

 – 

 2,978.5 

 6.3 

 – 

 3,031.8 

Other debtors 

 2.7 

 – 

 1,013.9 

 60.3 

 – 

 1,076.9 

Cash and cash equivalents

 5,761.1 

 – 

 92.8 

 362.0 

 – 

 6,215.9 

 43,798.6 

 1,970.6 

 9,694.1 

 7,231.0 

 21,372.0 

 84,066.3 

As at 31 December 2018

Financial assets at FVOCI

 Equity securities

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

 1,852.1 

 1,852.1 

Financial assets at FVTPL

 Equity securities

 – 

 – 

 0.8 

 1,978.7 

 10,218.1 

 12,197.6 

 Debt securities

 33,349.0 

 1,482.3 

 4,868.1 

 1,245.2 

 – 

 40,944.6 

 Other investments

 – 

 – 

 132.0 

 2,306.9 

 7,129.4 

 9,568.3 

Derivative financial assets

 219.1 

 – 

 3.3 

 4.5 

 – 

 226.9 

Insurance receivables

 3.6 

 – 

 2,616.9 

 2.1 

 – 

 2,622.6 

Other debtors 

 1.5 

 – 

 952.3 

 60.8 

 – 

 1,014.6 

Cash and cash equivalents

 5,101.7 

 – 

 87.2 

 516.2 

 – 

 5,705.1 

 38,674.9 

 1,482.3 

 8,660.6 

 6,114.4 

 19,199.6 

 74,131.8 

*  

Based on internal ratings grades which are equivalent to grades of external rating agencies.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

200


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Market and Credit Risk (continued)

(h)

Credit risk. (continued)

Amounts arising from ECL

Measurement of ECL – Explanation of inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques

The key inputs into the measurement of ECL are the following variables:

• 

probability of default ('PD');

• 

loss given default ('LGD'); and

• 

exposure at default ('EAD').

These parameters are derived from internally developed statistical models as developed by the Group based 

on historical data. They are adjusted to reflect forward-looking information.

PD represents the likelihood of a borrower defaulting on its financial obligation, either over the next 12 months 

('12M PD'), or over the remaining lifetime ('Lifetime PD') of the obligation. PD estimates are based on rating 

models that consider both quantitative and qualitative inputs derived from internal and external compiled data.

LGD is the magnitude of the likely loss incurred during a default. LGD is expressed as a percentage per loss per 

unit of exposure at the time of default and represents an estimate of the economic loss in the event of the default 

of the counterparty. Drivers of LGD include the seniority of the claim, the availability and quality of collateral, 

legal enforceability processes in the jurisdiction and industry of borrower and existing market conditions. They 

are estimates at a certain date, which are calculated based on statistical models. These statistical models are 

developed using internally compiled data, and comprised both quantitative and qualitative factors.

EAD represents the expected exposure in the event of a default. The Group derives the EAD from the current 

exposure to the counterparty, including amortisation schedules. The EAD of a financial asset is its gross 

carrying amount.

The ECL is determined by projecting PD, LGD and EAD for each individual exposure. These three components 

are multiplied together and adjusted for forward looking information. This is then discounted back to the 

reporting date. The discount rate used in the ECL calculation is the original effective interest rate or an 

approximation thereof.

Significant increase in credit risk

To assess whether there is a significant increase in credit risk, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring 

on the asset as at reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition. The Group considers 

available reasonable and supportive forwarding-looking information which includes the following indicators:

–  

Internal credit rating

–  

External credit rating

–  

Actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are 

expected to cause a significant change to the counterparty’s ability to meet its obligations.

A movement of an instrument’s credit rating along the rating scale will represent changes in credit risk, 

measured by the change in PD.

The criteria for assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly will be determined by both quantitative 

changes in 12M PDs and qualitative factors. The credit risk of a particular exposure is deemed to have increased 

significantly since initial recognition if, based on the Group’s quantitative model, the 12M PD is determined to 

have more than doubled since origination except where the counterparty remains within the investment grade 

rating. The criteria as described above would only apply if the financial instrument does not have an investment 

grade rating.

201

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Market and Credit Risk (continued)

(h)

Credit risk. (continued)

Significant increase in credit risk (continued)

Using its expert credit judgement and, where possible, relevant historical experience, the Group may determine 

that an exposure has undergone a significant increase in credit risk based on particular qualitative indicators 

that it considers are indicative of such and whose effect may not otherwise be fully reflected in its quantitative 

analysis on a timely basis. The Group uses the watch-list as an additional trigger for the identification of 

significant increase in credit risk. 

The Group considers “low credit risk” to be an investment grade credit rating using a combination of internal 

and external credit rating models.

Credit risk grades

The Group assigns each exposure to a credit risk grade reflecting the PD of the counterparty and applying 

experienced credit judgement. Credit risk grades are established based on qualitative and quantitative factors 

that are indicative of risk of default. These factors vary depending on the nature of the exposure and the type 

of counterparty.

Credit risk grades are defined and calibrated such that the risk of default occurring increases as the credit 

risk deteriorates. Each exposure is allocated to a credit risk grade at initial recognition based on available 

information about the borrower. Exposures are subject to ongoing monitoring, which may result in an exposure 

being moved to a different credit risk grade. The monitoring typically involves the use of information obtained 

during periodic review, including published financial statements, external rating (where available), qualitative 

information about an obligor’s industry characteristics, competitive positioning, management, financial policy 

and financial flexibility.

Definition of default

The Group considers a financial asset to be in default by assessing the following criteria:

Quantitative criteria

For insurance receivables, the counterparty fails to make contractual payments within 12 months when they 

fall due. For bonds and loans, the instrument is considered as default if it is in overdue status and there are 

non-payments on another debt obligation of the same issuer to the Group.

Qualitative criteria

The counterparty is in bankruptcy or has indications of potentially significant financial difficulty such as lawsuits 

or similar actions that threaten the financial viability of the counterparty; distressed exchange, merger or 

amalgamation without assumption or breach of material loan covenants not rectified within a given timeframe, 

restructuring with expected principal haircut or a breach in material loan covenant that is not rectified within 

given timeframe.

The criteria above have been applied to all financial instruments held by the Group and are consistent with 

the definition of default used for credit risk management purposes. The default definition has been applied 

consistently to model the PD, EAD and LGD throughout the Group’s expected loss calculations.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

202


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Market and Credit Risk (continued)

(h)

Credit risk. (continued)

Incorporating of forward-looking information

The Group incorporates forward-looking information into both its assessment of whether the credit risk of an 

instrument has increased significantly since its initial recognition and its measurement of ECL. The Group has 

performed historical analysis and identified key economic variables impacting credit risk and expected credit 

losses for each portfolio.

These economic variables and their associated impact on the PD, EAD and LGD vary by financial instrument. 

Expert judgement has also been applied in this process. Forecasts of these economic variables (the "base 

economic scenario") are obtained from publicly available economic databases published on a quarterly basis 

and provide the best estimate view of the economy over the next four to five years, after which, to project the 

economic variables for the full remaining lifetime of each instrument, a mean reversion approach is used. The 

impact of these economic variables on the PD, EAD and LGD has been determined by performing statistical 

regression analysis to understand the impact changes in these variables have had historically on default rates 

and the components of LGD and EAD.

In addition to the base economic scenario, the Group uses multiple scenarios to ensure non-linearities are 

captured. The number of scenarios and their attributes are reassessed at each reporting date. At 31 December 

2019, for all portfolios, the Group concluded that two scenarios appropriately captured non-linearities. The 

scenario weightings are determined by expert credit judgement, taking into account the range of possible 

outcomes the chosen scenario is representative of. The assessment of significant increase in credit risk is 

performed using the 12M PD under each of the base, and the other scenario, multiplied by the associated 

scenario weighting. This determines whether the whole financial instrument is in Stage 1, Stage 2 or Stage 3 

and hence whether 12M or lifetime ECL should be recorded. Following this assessment, the Group measures 

ECL as either a probability weighted 12M ECL (Stage 1), or a probability weighted lifetime ECL (Stages 2 and 

3). These probability-weighted ECLs are determined by running each scenario through the relevant ECL model 

and multiplying it by the appropriate scenario weighting (as opposed to weighting the inputs).

As with any economic forecasts, the projections and likelihoods of occurrence are subject to a high degree of 

inherent uncertainty and the actual outcomes may be significantly different from those projected. The Group 

considers these forecasts to represent its best estimate of the possible outcomes and has analysed the non-

linearities and asymmetries within the Group's different portfolios to establish that the chosen scenarios are 

appropriately representative of the range of possible scenarios.

The sensitivity of the ECL to the economic variable assumptions affecting the calculation of ECL was not 

material to the Group for the year ended 31 December 2019.

203

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Market and Credit Risk (continued)

(h)

Credit risk. (continued)

Loss allowance

The following tables show reconciliations from the opening to the closing balance of the loss allowance by 

class of financial instrument.

31 December 2019

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note

12-month 

ECL

Lifetime 

ECL not 

credit-

impaired

Lifetime 

ECL credit-

impaired

Total

Loans at amortised cost

Balance at the beginning of the year

 0.5 

 6.5 

 13.7 

 20.7 

Net remeasurement of loss allowance

 – 

 (0.9)

 28.6 

 27.7 

New financial assets purchased

 0.3 

 – 

 – 

 0.3 

Financial assets that have been derecognised

 (0.2)

 (1.1)

 – 

 (1.3)

Changes in models/risk parameters

 0.1 

 0.1 

 – 

 0.2 

Balance at the end of the year

19

 0.7 

 4.6 

 42.3 

 47.6 

Debt securities at Amortised Cost

Balance at the beginning of the year

 – 

 – 

 – 

 – 

New financial assets purchased

 0.6 

 – 

 – 

 0.6 

Changes in models/risk parameters

 0.1 

 – 

 – 

 0.1 

Balance at the end of the year

 0.7 

 – 

 – 

 0.7 

Debt securities at FVOCI

Balance at the beginning of the year

 4.6 

 1.9 

 2.8 

 9.3 

Additional loss due to transfer

 – 

 0.3 

 – 

 0.3 

Net remeasurement of loss allowance

 – 

 (0.3)

 – 

 (0.3)

New financial assets purchased

 2.0 

 – 

 – 

 2.0 

Financial assets that have been derecognised

 (1.7)

 (0.3)

 – 

 (2.0)

Changes in models/risk parameters

 0.9 

 – 

 – 

 0.9 

Balance at the end of the year

 5.8 

 1.6 

 2.8 

 10.2 

Increase/(decrease) in provision for impairment 

of financial assets for the year

 2.1 

 (2.2)

 28.6 

 28.5 

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

204


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Market and Credit Risk (continued)

(h)

Credit risk. (continued)

Loss allowance (continued)

The following tables show reconciliations from the opening to the closing balance of the loss allowance by 

class of financial instrument (continued).

31 December 2018

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Note

12-month 

ECL

Lifetime 

ECL not 

credit-

impaired

Lifetime 

ECL credit-

impaired

Total

Loans at amortised cost

Balance at the beginning of the year

 0.3 

 9.2 

 47.3 

 56.8 

Net remeasurement of loss allowance

 0.2 

 0.3 

 (33.5)

 (33.0)

New financial assets purchased

 0.1 

 – 

 – 

 0.1 

Financial assets that have been derecognised

 (0.2)

 (2.9)

 – 

 (3.1)

Foreign exchange and other movements

 0.1 

 (0.1)

 (0.1)

 (0.1)

Balance at the end of the year

19

 0.5 

 6.5 

 13.7 

 20.7 

Debt securities at FVOCI

Balance at the beginning of the year

 3.5 

 3.5 

 6.6 

 13.6 

Transfer to 12-month ECL

 0.2 

 (0.2)

 – 

 – 

New financial assets purchased

 2.0 

 0.2 

 – 

 2.2 

Financial assets that have been derecognised

 (1.1)

 (1.7)

 (3.9)

 (6.7)

Changes in models/risk parameters

 0.1 

 – 

 – 

 0.1 

Foreign exchange and other movements

 (0.1)

 0.1 

 0.1 

 0.1 

Balance at the end of the year

 4.6 

 1.9 

 2.8 

 9.3 

Increase/(decrease) in provision for impairment 

of financial assets for the year

 1.1 

 (4.1)

 (37.4)

 (40.4)

The above loss allowance as at 31 December 2019 for debt securities at FVOCI is not recognised in the 

statement of financial position because the carrying amount of debt securities at FVOCI is their fair value.

The carrying amount of outstanding premiums as at 31 December 2019 is $416.7 million (31 December 

2018: $261.5 million). The ECL relating to outstanding premiums as at 31 December 2019 was $4.7 million  

(31 December 2018: $2.7 million) for the Group. The changes in credit loss recognised in the Profit or Loss 

Statement during the period was $1.6 million (31 December 2018: negative $1.7 million).

(i)

Concentration risk.  An important element of managing both market and credit risks is to actively manage 

concentration to specific issuers, counterparties, industry sectors, countries and currencies.  Both internal and 

regulatory limits are put in place to manage concentration risk.  These limits are reviewed on a regular basis by 

the respective management committees.  The Group’s exposures are within the concentration limits set by the 

respective local regulators.  

The Group actively manages its investment mix to ensure that there is no significant concentration of market 

and credit risk.

(j)

Sensitivity analysis on financial risks. The sensitivity analysis below shows the impact on the Group's net 

profit after tax by applying possible shocks to each key variable, with all other variables constant. While the 

co-movement of key variable can significantly affect the fair values and/or amortised cost of financial assets, 

but to demonstrate the impact due to changes in each key variable, the variables are changed individually.  

The impact on net profit after tax represents the effect caused by changes in fair value of financial assets 

whose fair values are recorded in the Profit or Loss Statement, and changes in valuation of insurance contract 

liabilities. The equity sensitivity represents the impact on net profit after tax and the effect on changes in fair 

value of financial assets measured at FVOCI.

205

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Market and Credit Risk (continued)

(j) 

Sensitivity analysis on financial risks (continued).

Market risk sensitivity analysis:

Impact on Profit After Tax

Impact on Equity

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

31 December 

2019

31 December 

2018

31 December 

2019

31 December 

2018

Change in variables:

(a) 

Interest Rate

 

+ 100 basis points

 38.6 

 62.4 

 (482.1)

 (383.2)

 

– 100 basis points

 (238.8)

 (160.4)

 371.8 

 365.9 

(b) 

LTRFDR(1)

 

+ 10 basis points

 19.9 

 41.0 

 19.9 

 41.0 

 

– 10 basis points

 (21.0)

 (43.6)

 (21.0)

 (43.6)

(c) 

Foreign Currency

 

5% increase in market value of foreign 

currency denominated assets

 50.4 

 22.8 

 94.3 

 71.2 

 

5% decrease in market value of foreign 

currency denominated assets

 (50.4)

 (22.8)

 (94.3)

 (71.2)

(d) 

Equity

 

20% increase in market indices:

 

 – STI

 51.3 

 67.9 

 111.0 

 156.0 

 

 – KLCI

 6.0 

 27.5 

 30.7 

 49.1 

 

20% decrease in market indices:

 

 – STI

 (51.3)

 (67.9)

 (111.0)

 (156.0)

 

 – KLCI

 (6.0)

 (27.5)

 (30.7)

 (49.1)

(e) 

Credit

 

Spread + 100 basis points

 (204.2)

 (164.8)

 (605.8)

 (490.0)

 

Spread – 100 basis points

 221.9 

 177.5 

 693.6 

 558.7 

(f) 

Alternative Investments(2)

 

10% increase in market value of all 

alternative investments

 69.9 

 49.1 

 71.6 

 53.5 

 

10% decrease in market value of all 

alternative investments

 (69.9)

 (49.1)

 (71.6)

 (53.5)

(1) 

LTRFDR refers to Long Term Risk Free Discount Rate formulated under the Singapore regulations governed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.

(2)  

Alternative Investments comprise investments in real estate, private equity, infrastructure and hedge funds.

The method for deriving sensitivity information and significant variables did not change from the previous year.

Operational and Compliance Risk

Operational risk is an event or action that may potentially impact partly or completely the achievement of the 

organisation’s objectives resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes and systems, human factors, or 

external events.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

206


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33

ENTERPRISE RISK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Operational and Compliance Risk (continued)

Compliance risk is any event or action that may potentially impact partly or completely the achievement of the 

organisation's objectives,  as a result of its failure to comply with the following applicable laws, regulations and 

standards:

–  

local laws, regulations and rules governing licensed activities undertaken by Great Eastern;

–  

foreign laws, regulations and rules that have extraterritorial jurisdiction over Great Eastern's licensed activities;

–  

codes of practice promoted by industry associations of which Great Eastern are members of; and 

–  

any other applicable regulations which do not specifically govern the licensed activities undertaken by Great 

Eastern but can expose the organisation to legal, regulatory or reputational loss.

The day-to-day management of operational and compliance risk is through the maintenance of comprehensive 

internal control frameworks, supported by an infrastructure of systems and procedures to monitor processes and 

transactions. GMC reviews operational and compliance issues on a group basis at its monthly meetings while local 

level issues are managed and monitored by the local SMTs.  The Internal Audit team reviews the systems of internal 

controls to assess their ongoing relevance and effectiveness, and reports at least quarterly to the Audit Committee.

Technology, Information and Cyber Risks

Technology risk is defined as risk related to any potential adverse outcome, damage, loss, disruption, violation, 

system/hardware failure, capacity deficiency arising from the use of technologies such as electronic hardware/devices, 

software, online networks and telecommunications systems.

Information Risk is defined as risk related to confidentiality, integrity and availability of information (in physical or 

digital form).

Cyber Risk is defined as risk related to acts perpetrated by malicious threat actors including internal sabotage, 

espionage, malicious attacks, hacking incidents, fraudulent conduct using information &amp; communication technologies.

Great Eastern adopts a risk based approach in managing technology, information and cyber risks relating to cyber-

attacks, data loss/leakage, deficiency in change management, emerging technology, inadequate vendor management, 

inferior system acquisition and development, network security vulnerability, privilege access misuse, system security 

vulnerability, system unavailability and technology obsolescence. Key risk indicators related to technology, information 

and cyber risks are reported to the Board on a regular basis. Independent assessment is performed by Internal Audit 

for its adequacy and effectiveness.  

34

FAIR VALUE OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

34.1

Fair Value Hierarchy

The Group categorises fair value measurement using a fair value hierarchy that is dependent on the valuation inputs 

used as follows:

Level 1 – Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group can access at 

the measurement date,

Level 2 – Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either 

directly or indirectly, quotes from brokers and market makers, discounted cash flow and other valuation techniques 

commonly used by market participants, and

Level 3 – Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

Fair value measurements that use inputs of different hierarchy levels are categorised in its entirety in the same level of 

the fair value hierarchy as the lowest level input that is significant to the entire measurement.

Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy

Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are deemed to have occurred on the date of the event or change 

in circumstances that caused the transfers.

207

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

34

FAIR VALUE OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

34.2

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value

The following table shows an analysis of each class of assets and liabilities measured at fair value at the end of the 

reporting year:

Group

2019

Fair value measurements at the end of the reporting year using

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Quoted prices 

in active 

markets for 

identical 

assets 

(Level 1)

Significant 

observable 

inputs other 

than quoted 

prices 

(Level 2)

Significant 

unobservable 

inputs 

(Level 3)

Total

As at 31 December 2019

Recurring Fair Value Measurements

FINANCIAL ASSETS

Derivative financial assets

Foreign exchange

Forwards

 – 

 187.6 

 – 

 187.6 

Currency swaps

 – 

 147.3 

 – 

 147.3 

Options

 – 

 0.5 

 – 

 0.5 

Interest rates

Swaps

 – 

 51.8 

 – 

 51.8 

Exchange traded futures

 0.5 

 – 

 – 

 0.5 

Equity

Futures

 0.2 

 – 

 – 

 0.2 

Options

 4.2 

 – 

 – 

 4.2 

Credit derivatives

Swaps

 – 

 25.1 

 – 

 25.1 

 4.9 

 412.3 

 – 

 417.2 

Financial assets at FVOCI

Equity securities

Quoted equity securities

 1,554.6 

 – 

 – 

 1,554.6 

Unquoted equity securities

 – 

 – 

 34.5 

 34.5 

Debt securities

Quoted debt securities

 6,511.6 

 246.4 

 – 

 6,758.0 

Unquoted debt securities

 – 

 1,908.5 

 – 

 1,908.5 

 8,066.2 

 2,154.9 

 34.5 

 10,255.6 

Financial assets at FVTPL

Equity securities

Quoted equity securities

 12,593.9 

 – 

 – 

 12,593.9 

Unquoted equity securities

 – 

 8.0 

 640.3 

 648.3 

Debt securities

Quoted debt securities

 27,593.3 

 2,273.5 

 – 

 29,866.8 

Unquoted debt securities

 – 

 16,540.1 

 – 

 16,540.1 

Other investments

Collective investment schemes

 7,255.5 

 3,518.3 

 1,312.5 

 12,086.3 

 47,442.7 

 22,339.9 

 1,952.8 

 71,735.4 

Financial assets as at 31 December 2019

 55,513.8 

 24,907.1 

 1,987.3 

 82,408.2 

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

208


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

34

FAIR VALUE OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

34.2

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value (continued)

The following table shows an analysis of each class of assets and liabilities measured at fair value at the end of the 

reporting year (continued):

Group

2019

Fair value measurements at the end of the reporting year using

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Quoted prices 

in active 

markets for 

identical 

assets 

(Level 1)

Significant 

observable 

inputs other 

than quoted 

prices 

(Level 2)

Significant 

unobservable 

inputs 

(Level 3)

Total

NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS

Investment properties

 – 

 – 

 1,785.5 

 1,785.5 

Non-financial assets as at 31 December 2019

 – 

 – 

 1,785.5 

 1,785.5 

FINANCIAL LIABILITIES

Derivative financial liabilities

Foreign exchange

Forwards

 – 

 68.7 

 – 

 68.7 

Currency swaps

 – 

 123.4 

 – 

 123.4 

Options

 – 

 0.1 

 – 

 0.1 

Interest rates

Swaps

 – 

 0.4 

 – 

 0.4 

Exchange traded futures

 1.6 

 – 

 – 

 1.6 

Equity

Futures

 1.4 

 – 

 – 

 1.4 

Financial liabilities as at 31 December 2019

 3.0 

 192.6 

 – 

 195.6 

209

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

34

FAIR VALUE OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

34.2

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value (continued)

The following table shows an analysis of each class of assets and liabilities measured at fair value at the end of the 

reporting year (continued):

Group

2018

Fair value measurements at the end of the reporting year using

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Quoted prices 

in active 

markets for 

identical 

assets 

(Level 1)

Significant 

observable 

inputs other 

than quoted 

prices 

(Level 2)

Significant 

unobservable 

inputs 

(Level 3)

Total

As at 31 December 2018

Recurring Fair Value Measurements

FINANCIAL ASSETS

Derivative financial assets

Foreign exchange

Forwards

 – 

 88.3 

 – 

 88.3 

Currency swaps

 – 

 105.1 

 – 

 105.1 

Options

 – 

 0.2 

 – 

 0.2 

Interest rates

Swaps

 – 

 27.6 

 – 

 27.6 

Exchange traded futures

 5.4 

 – 

 – 

 5.4 

Equity

Futures

 0.3 

 – 

 – 

 0.3 

 5.7 

 221.2 

 – 

 226.9 

Financial assets at FVOCI

Equity securities

Quoted equity securities

 1,819.6 

 – 

 – 

 1,819.6 

Unquoted equity securities 

 – 

 – 

 32.5 

 32.5 

Debt securities

Quoted debt securities

 5,365.4 

 49.5 

 – 

 5,414.9 

Unquoted debt securities

 – 

 1,543.8 

 – 

 1,543.8 

 7,185.0 

 1,593.3 

 32.5 

 8,810.8 

Financial assets at FVTPL

Equity securities

Quoted equity securities

 11,643.0 

 – 

 – 

 11,643.0 

Unquoted equity securities

 – 

 8.7 

 545.9 

 554.6 

Debt securities

Quoted debt securities

 23,809.0 

 2,567.5 

 – 

 26,376.5 

Unquoted debt securities

 – 

 14,568.1 

 – 

 14,568.1 

Other investments

Collective investment schemes

 7,051.7 

 1,644.8 

 871.8 

 9,568.3 

 42,503.7 

 18,789.1 

 1,417.7 

 62,710.5 

Financial assets as at 31 December 2018

 49,694.4 

 20,603.6 

 1,450.2 

 71,748.2 

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

210


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

34

FAIR VALUE OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

34.2

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value (continued)

The following table shows an analysis of each class of assets and liabilities measured at fair value at the end of the 

reporting year (continued):

Group

2018

Fair value measurements at the end of the reporting year using

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Quoted prices 

in active 

markets for 

identical 

assets 

(Level 1)

Significant 

observable 

inputs other 

than quoted 

prices 

(Level 2)

Significant 

unobservable 

inputs 

(Level 3)

Total

NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS

Investment properties

 – 

 – 

 1,771.3 

 1,771.3 

Non-financial assets as at 31 December 2018

 – 

 – 

 1,771.3 

 1,771.3 

FINANCIAL LIABILITIES

Derivative financial liabilities

 – 

Foreign exchange

Forwards

 – 

 28.9 

 – 

 28.9 

Currency swaps

 – 

 261.4 

 – 

 261.4 

Options

 – 

 0.4 

 – 

 0.4 

Interest rates

Swaps

 – 

 0.6 

 – 

 0.6 

Exchange traded futures

 2.3 

 – 

 – 

 2.3 

Equity

Futures

 1.0 

 – 

 – 

 1.0 

Options

 0.1 

 – 

 – 

 0.1 

Financial liabilities as at 31 December 2018

 3.4 

 291.3 

 – 

 294.7 

211

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

34

FAIR VALUE OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

34.3

Level 3 Fair Value Measurements

(i)

Information about significant unobservable inputs used in Level 3 fair value measurements:

The following table shows the information about fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs 

(Level 3):

Description

Fair value 

as at 31 

December 

2019

Valuation 

techniques

Unobservable 

inputs

Range 

(weighted 

average)

Investment properties

 1,785.5 Income approach

Rental psf  

per month

$0.77 to $1.91

Rental growth rate

12.50%

Long-term 

vacancy rate

7.5%

Discount rate

6.00% to 6.50%

Comparison 

approach

Estimated psf 

$15 to $5,823

Investments

 Unquoted equities

 674.8 

Net asset value(1)

not applicable

not applicable

 Collective Investment Schemes

 1,312.5 

Net asset value(1)

not applicable

not applicable

Description

Fair value 

as at 31 

December 

2018

Valuation 

techniques

Unobservable 

inputs

Range 

(weighted 

average)

Investment properties

 1,771.3 

Income approach

Rental psf  

per month

$1.04 to $1.82

Rental growth rate

12.50%

Long-term  

vacancy rate

7.5%

Discount rate

6.00% to 6.50%

Comparison 

approach

Estimated psf 

$15 to $3,755

Investments

 Unquoted equities

 578.4 

Net asset value(1)

not applicable

not applicable

 Collective Investment Schemes

 871.8 

Net asset value(1)

not applicable

not applicable

(1) 

These investments are valued using net asset value.  The net asset value of these investments as at the reporting date is an unobservable 

input as it is not published.  Accordingly, these investments are classified as Level 3 investments within the fair value hierarchy. Changing 

unobservable inputs to reasonably possible alternative assumptions would not have a significant impact on profit for the year or total 

equity.

For investment properties, a significant increase/(decrease) in unobservable inputs would result in a significantly 

higher/(lower) fair value measurement.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

212


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

34

FAIR VALUE OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

34.3

Level 3 Fair Value Measurements (continued)

(ii)

Movements in Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value:

The following table presents the reconciliation for all assets measured at fair value based on significant 

unobservable inputs (Level 3):

Group

Fair value measurements using 

significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)

31 December 2019

Investments

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

 Unquoted 

Equities 

 Collective 

Investment 

Schemes 

 Investment 

Properties 

 Total 

Opening balance

 578.4 

 871.8 

 1,771.3 

 3,221.5 

Total gain/(loss) for the year:

Included in Profit or Loss Statement

– Gain/(loss) on sale of investments 

and changes in fair value

 19.8 

 (17.7)

 14.3 

 16.4 

Included in other comprehensive 

income

– Changes in fair value

 2.2 

 – 

 – 

 2.2 

Purchases and sales for the year:

Purchases

 152.6 

 612.2 

 0.3 

 765.1 

Sales

 (78.2)

 (153.8)

 – 

 (232.0)

Reclassification from property, plant 

and equipment

 – 

 – 

 0.4 

 0.4 

Currency translation reserve adjustment

 – 

 – 

 (0.8)

 (0.8)

Closing balance

 674.8 

 1,312.5 

 1,785.5 

 3,772.8 

Group

Fair value measurements using 

significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)

31 December 2018

Investments

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

 Unquoted 

Equities 

 Collective 

Investment 

Schemes 

 Investment 

Properties 

 Total 

Opening balance

 413.2 

 850.1 

 1,553.0 

 2,816.3 

Total gain/(loss) for the year:

Included in Profit or Loss Statement

– Gain/(loss) on sale of investments 

and changes in fair value

 74.5 

 (10.3)

 40.2 

 104.4 

Included in other comprehensive 

income

– Changes in fair value

 25.7 

 – 

 – 

 25.7 

Purchases and sales for the year:

Purchases

 132.4 

 185.7 

 179.1 

 497.2 

Sales

 (67.4)

 (153.7)

 (0.9)

 (222.0)

Reclassification from property, plant 

and equipment

 – 

 – 

 0.6 

 0.6 

Currency translation reserve adjustment

 – 

 – 

 (0.7)

 (0.7)

Closing balance

 578.4 

 871.8 

 1,771.3 

 3,221.5 

213

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

34

FAIR VALUE OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

34.4

Assets and Liabilities Not Carried at Fair Value but for which Fair Value is Disclosed

The following table shows an analysis of the Group's assets and liabilities not measured at fair value but for which fair 

value is disclosed:

Group

31 December 2019

Fair value measurements at the end of the reporting year using

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Quoted 

prices 

in active 

markets for 

identical 

assets 

(Level 1)

Significant 

observable 

inputs other 

than quoted 

prices 

(Level 2)

Significant 

unobservable 

inputs 

(Level 3)

Total

Carrying 

Amount

Assets

Loans

 – 

 1,083.0 

 – 

 1,083.0 

 1,071.5 

Freehold land, leasehold land 

and buildings 

 – 

 – 

 844.0 

 844.0 

 523.7 

Group

31 December 2018

Fair value measurements at the end of the reporting year using

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Quoted 

prices 

in active 

markets for 

identical 

assets 

(Level 1)

Significant 

observable 

inputs other 

than quoted 

prices 

(Level 2)

Significant 

unobservable 

inputs 

(Level 3)

Total

Carrying 

Amount

Assets

Loans

 – 

 1,344.2 

 – 

 1,344.2 

 1,329.6 

Freehold land, leasehold land and 

buildings 

 – 

 –

 818.1 

 818.1 

 437.5 

34.5

Fair Value of Financial Instruments by Classes that are not Carried at Fair Value and whose Carrying Amounts 

are not Reasonable Approximation of Fair Value

The carrying amounts of the Group's financial assets and liabilities approximate their fair value, either due to their 

short-term nature or because they are floating rate instruments that are re-priced to market interest rates on or near 

the balance sheet date, except as disclosed below:

Group

31 December 2019

31 December 2018

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

Carrying 

amount

Fair Value

Carrying 

amount

Fair Value

Financial liabilities

Debt issued

 399.9 

 411.4 

 399.8 

 414.3 

Fair value is determined directly by reference to the published market bid price at the end of the reporting  year.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

214


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

35

FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES SUBJECT TO OFFSETTING ARRANGEMENTS

Financial assets and liabilities are offset in the balance sheet when the Group has a legally enforceable right to offset 

and has the intention to settle the asset and liability on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability 

simultaneously.

The Group’s financial assets and liabilities that are off-set are as follows:

31 December 2019 

Gross amounts

Net amounts

Gross carrying

offset in the

in the

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

amount

balance sheet

balance sheet

Financial assets

Insurance receivables

 48.4 

 (10.9)

 37.5 

Total

 48.4 

 (10.9)

 37.5 

Financial liabilities

Insurance payables

 351.4 

 (168.6)

 182.8 

Total

 351.4 

 (168.6)

 182.8 

31 December 2018 

Gross amounts

Net amounts

Gross carrying

offset in the

in the

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

amount

balance sheet

balance sheet

Financial assets

Insurance receivables

 48.1 

 (10.4)

 37.7 

Total

 48.1 

 (10.4)

 37.7 

Financial liabilities

Insurance payables

 325.0 

 (181.0)

 144.0 

Total

 325.0 

 (181.0)

 144.0 

215

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTES TO THE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

36

DIVIDENDS

Group and Company

in Singapore Dollars (millions)

2019

2018

Final one-tier tax exempt dividend for the previous year of 50 cents per ordinary share 

(2018: 50 cents per ordinary share)

 236.7 

 236.6 

Special one-tier tax exempt dividend for the previous year of nil cents per ordinary share 

(2018: 10 cents per ordinary share)

 – 

 47.4 

Interim one-tier tax exempt dividend of 10 cents per ordinary share (2018: 10 cents per 

ordinary share)

 47.3 

 47.3 

 284.0 

 331.3 

The Directors proposed a final one-tier tax exempt dividend of 50 cents per ordinary share amounting to $236.7 

million (2018: $236.7 million) be paid in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2019. These have not been 

recognised as distributions to shareholders.

There are no income tax consequences attached to the dividend to the shareholders proposed by the Company but 

not recognised as a liability in the financial statements.

37

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

On 9 November 2018 and 24 January 2019, the Group announced that as part of its corporate social responsibility 

efforts and in line with the objectives of the Malaysian authorities, the Group has opted to make a contribution of RM2 

billion (approximately S$658 million) to the National B40 Protection Trust Fund in satisfaction and in lieu of the local 

shareholder requirement imposed on its subsidiary, Great Eastern Life Assurance (Malaysia) Berhad.  Subsequent to 

the financial year end, the Group has received the necessary approval from the relevant authorities and is currently 

finalizing the details of the contribution.

38

AUTHORISATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

At the Board of Directors' Meeting held on 18 February 2020, the Board authorised these financial statements for 

issue and that two Directors of the Board, Mr Koh Beng Seng and Mr Kyle Lee Khai Fatt, sign the Directors' Report 

on behalf of the Board.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

216


LIST OF 

MAJOR PROPERTIES

Location

Tenure

Site Area

(sq m)

Gross Floor Area

(sq m)

Purpose

SINGAPORE PROPERTIES – 100% HELD BY THE GREAT EASTERN LIFE ASSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED:

Great Eastern Centre

1 Pickering Street

99 years leasehold

(Expiry date:

31 August 2096)

 6,600 

 21,515 

(strata area

excluding voids)

Commercial – Offices

Great Eastern @ Changi

200 Changi Road

Freehold

2,997

 10,891 

Commercial – Offices

Holland GEMS

1, 3 &amp; 5 Taman Nakhoda

Freehold

 8,685 

 13,895 

Residential – 64-unit

condominium

Gallop Court

6, 6A, 6B Gallop Road

Freehold

 8,225 

 5,565 

Residential – 25-unit 

condominium

Gallop Gardens

1, 1A, 1B, 1C, 3, 3A, 3B, 3C

Tyersall Road

Freehold

 12,636 

 4,805 

Residential – 8-unit-Good Class 

Bungalows

Newton GEMS

50, 52 &amp; 54 Newton Road

Lot 660 TS 28, Newton Road

Freehold

 2,809 

and

 28,819 

Residential – 190-unit 

condominium

Lot 56 TS 28, Lincoln Road

999 years leasehold

(Expiry date:

12 February 2884)

 6,945 

3 Pickering Street

99 years leasehold

(Expiry date:

31 August 2096)

 7,086 

 15,004 

(strata area 

excluding voids)

Commercial – Retail &amp; Offices

65-unit shop houses

Orchard Gateway @ Emerald

216 &amp; 218 Orchard Road

Freehold

 1,444 

 9,733 

Commercial – Retail &amp; Offices

(including adjoining conservation 

shophouse)

MALAYSIA PROPERTIES – 100% HELD BY GREAT EASTERN LIFE ASSURANCE (MALAYSIA) BERHAD:

Menara Great Eastern/

Great Eastern Mall

303 Jalan Ampang, Kuala Lumpur

Freehold

 25,600 

 149,464 

Commercial – Retail and Offices

Seri Hening Residence

28, Jln Ampang Hilir,

Kuala Lumpur

Freehold

 21,484 

 53,111 

Residential – Condominiums

Menara Weld/The Weld

76 Jln Raja Chulan,

Kuala Lumpur

Freehold

 6,404 

 75,126 

Commercial – 30-storey building 

with 4 levels basement, 5 levels 

of shopping &amp; 26 floors of office

Equatorial Plaza Office

Lot 12312, Jalan Sultan Ismail, 

50250 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 

Freehold 

strata title

 51,873 

Commercial – Offices

INDONESIA PROPERTIES – 100% HELD BY P.T. GREAT EASTERN LIFE INDONESIA:

Menara Karya Building

Jl. HR. Rasuna Said Blok X-5, 

Kav. 1-2, Setiabudi Kuningan,

Jakarta Selatan 12950

Freehold

 6,109 

 1,318 

Commercial – Offices

217

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


ADDITIONAL 

INFORMATION

Required under the Listing Manual of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited

1. 

INTERESTED PERSON TRANSACTIONS 

Interested person transactions carried out during the financial year under review:–

Aggregate value of 

all interested person 

transactions during the 

financial year under 

review (excluding 

transactions less 

than $100,000 and 

transactions conducted 

under shareholders’ 

mandate pursuant to 

Rule 920) 

Aggregate 

value of all 

interested person 

transactions 

conducted under 

shareholders’ 

mandate 

pursuant to Rule 

920 (excluding 

transactions less 

than $100,000)

Name of Interested Person

Nature of relationship

$ million

$ million

OCBC Group of Companies

–

Bank of Singapore Limited – Sale  

of the entire 70% equity stake in 

Pacific Mutual Fund Berhad 

Associated Company 

5.695

NA

–

e2Power Pte. Ltd. – Data centre 

facilities, technical infrastructure 

services, database administration, 

network facilities and infrastructure 

support

Associated Company

1.088

NA

–

e2Power Sdn Bhd – Data centre 

facilities, technical infrastructure 

services and network facilities

Associated Company

2.071

NA

–

OCBC Bank Berhad – Payment  

of commission 

Associated Company

0.125

NA

–

OCBC Square Private Limited – 

Lease of premises at OCBC 

Center 

Associated Company

1.234

NA

– Oversea-Chinese Banking 

Corporation Limited – 

• Sponsorship for branch  

activities support, seminars, 

events and product launch 

support

• Cyber Security Operation  

Center

• Oracle Software Maintenance

• Leasing of Properties 

Holding Company 

2.274

0.360

0.905

0.101

NA

NA

NA

NA

2. 

MATERIAL CONTRACTS

Since the end of the previous financial year, no material contract involving the interest of any Director or any controlling 

shareholder of the Company has been entered into by the Company or any of its subsidiary companies, and no such 

contract subsisted as at 31 December 2019, save as disclosed above, in the Directors’ Statement and in the financial 

statements for FY2019.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

218


SHAREHOLDING 

STATISTICS 

As at 28 February 2020

CLASS OF SHARES

Ordinary shares

VOTING RIGHTS

1 vote per share (other than treasury shares and subsidiary holdings, which are treated as having no voting rights)

DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDINGS

Size of Holdings

No. of

Shareholders

%(1)

No. of

Shares

%(1)

1 – 99

44

2.04

922

0.00

100 – 1,000

1,131

52.53

734,503

0.16

1,001 – 10,000

720

33.44

2,614,761

0.55

10,001 – 1,000,000

248

11.52

18,280,617

3.86

1,000,001 and above

10

0.46

451,688,266

95.43

Total

2,153

100.00

473,319,069

100.00

Number of issued shares 

: 

473,319,069

Number of treasury shares 

: 

Nil

Number of subsidiary holdings 

: 

Nil

Percentage of the aggregate number of treasury  

: 

Nil

shares and subsidiary holdings held against the 

total number of issued shares 

Note: 

“Subsidiary holdings” is defined in the Listing Manual of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited to mean shares referred to in Sections 21(4), 21(4B), 

21(6A) and 21(6C) of the Companies Act, Chapter 50.

TWENTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS 

No.

Name

No. of Shares

%(1)

1

Citibank Nominees Singapore Pte Ltd

422,301,498

89.22

2

HSBC (Singapore) Nominees Pte Ltd

11,128,075

2.35

3

DBS Nominees (Private) Limited          

5,040,175

1.06

4

Wong Hong Sun                 

3,178,000

0.67

5

Kuchai Development Berhad               

3,032,000

0.64

6

Wong Hong Yen                 

2,015,668

0.43

7

Sungei Bagan Rubber Company (Malaya) Berhad   

1,733,120

0.37

8

Shaw Vee Meng                 

1,204,000

0.25

9

Shaw Vee Foong                

1,036,800

0.22

10

Raffles Nominees (Pte.) Limited

1,018,930

0.22

11

Maybank Kim Eng Securities Pte Ltd

826,400

0.17

12

Lee Hak Heng              

728,150

0.15

13

Yeo Kok Seng    

626,500

0.13

14

United Overseas Bank Nominees (Private) Limited                       

533,960

0.11

15

OCBC Securities Private Limited

488,602

0.10

16

Yeap Holdings (Pte.) Limited

487,238

0.10

17

Svasti Daniel Yoke Kwong Patanadej

469,540

0.10

18

The Estate of Alan Loke (Deceased)      

455,094

0.10

19

Svasti Penny Baninadh Ping Yean

443,220

0.09

20

The Bank of East Asia (Nominees) Private Limited 

437,000

0.09

Total

457,183,970

  96.57

Note:

(1)  Based on 473,319,069 issued shares as at 28 February 2020.

219

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


SHAREHOLDING 

STATISTICS 

As at 28 February 2020

Substantial Shareholder

Direct Interest 

No. of Shares

Deemed Interest

No. of Shares

Total Interest

No. of Shares

% of Issued 

Shares(1)

Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited 

416,010,959(2)

74,000(3)

416,084,959

87.91

Notes:

(1) Based on 473,319,069 issued shares as at 28 February 2020. 

(2) Shares registered in the name of Citibank Nominees Singapore Pte Ltd.

(3)  Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited is deemed to have an interest in 7,000 shares held by its subsidiary, BOS Trustee Limited, as trustee of Kudz 

Trust, and 67,000 shares held by its subsidiary, BOS Trustee Limited as trustee of The SOME Trust.

Based on information available to the Company as at 28 February 2020, approximately 12% of the issued ordinary shares 

of the Company are held by the public, and therefore Rule 723 of the Listing Manual of the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited has been complied with.

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

220


KOH BENG SENG

Current Directorships and Principal Commitments/

Appointments

1.

Great Eastern General Insurance Limited 

Chairman

2.

The Great Eastern Life Assurance Company 

Limited

Chairman

3.

Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited 

Director

4.

BOC Hong Kong (Holdings) Limited*

Director

5.

Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited* 

Director

6.

Octagon Advisors Pte. Ltd.

Chief 

Executive 

Officer

7.

China Banking Association in China

- 

Expert Committee

Member

8.

Lien Ying Chow Legacy Fellowship Council

Member

9.

Lingnan (University) College, Sun Yat-sen 

University in China

- 

International Advisory Board

Member

Directorships and Principal Commitments/Appointments  

for the past 5 years

1.

Hon Sui Sen Endowment CLG Limited 

Director

2.

Singapore Technologies Engineering Ltd*

Director

3. 

Sing-Han International Financial Services Ltd

Director

4.

United Engineers Limited*

Director

Academic and Professional Qualifications

Bachelor of Commerce (First Class Honours), former Nanyang 

University, Singapore

Master of Business Administration, Columbia University, USA.

Board Committees Served On

Chairman, Executive Committee

Chairman, Risk Management Committee

Member, Nominating Committee

Member, Remuneration Committee

Date of First Appointment

Director since 2 January 2008

Chairman since 1 September 2014

Date of Last Re-election

19 April 2018

Length of Service 

12 years 2 months

Independent Status

Non-executive and non-independent director

Country of Principal Residence

Singapore 

The Board’s comments on the re-election

Mr Koh Beng Seng who was appointed as Chairman of the Board 

in September 2014, has extensive experience in the financial sector, 

and was previously with the Monetary Authority of Singapore for 

24 years, where he was Deputy Managing Director, Banking and 

Financial Institution Group. His significant contributions during 

board and board committee deliberations continue to make him 

invaluable to the Great Eastern Group.

NORMAN IP 

Current Directorships and Principal Commitments/

Appointments

1.

Great Eastern Capital (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd

Chairman

2.

Great Eastern General Insurance (Malaysia) 

Berhad 

Chairman

3.

Great Eastern Life Assurance (Malaysia) Bhd

Chairman

4.

I Great Capital Holdings Sdn Bhd

Chairman

5.

Overseas Assurance Corporation (Holdings) Bhd

Chairman

6.

WBL Corporation Limited 

Chairman

7.

Great Eastern General Insurance Limited

Director

8.

Great Eastern Takaful Bhd

Director

9.

The Great Eastern Life Assurance Company 

Limited

Director

10. United Engineers Limited*

Senior 

Advisor

11. Building and Construction Authority

Member/

Deputy 

Chairman

12. Securities Industry Council

Member

Directorships and Principal Commitments/Appointments  

for the past 5 years

1.

Far Island Bay Sdn Bhd (In Voluntary Liquidation)

Chairman

2.

AIMS AMP Capital Industrial REIT Management 

Limited*

Director

3.

Lion Global Investors Limited

Director

4.

United Engineers Limited*

Director/

Group 

Managing 

Director

Academic and Professional Qualifications

Bachelor of Science (Economics), London School of Economics 

and Political Science

Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and 

Wales 

Fellow of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants

Board Committees Served On

Member, Nominating Committee 

Member, Risk Management Committee

Date of First Appointment

5 March 2010

Date of Last Re-election

18 April 2019

Length of Service 

10 years

Independent Status

Non-executive and non-independent director

Country of Principal Residence

Singapore 

* 

Listed company

FURTHER INFORMATION 

ON DIRECTORS

As at 28 February 2020

221

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


* 

Listed company

LAW SONG KENG

Current Directorships and Principal Commitments/

Appointments

1.

Concord Insurance Company Limited

Chairman

2.

Frasers Hospitality Asset Management Pte. Ltd. 

Chairman

3.

Frasers Hospitality Trust Management Pte. Ltd.

Chairman

4.

IFS Capital Limited*

Director

Directorships and Principal Commitments/Appointments  

for the past 5 years

1.

ACR Capital Holdings Pte. Ltd. 

Director 

2.

Asia Capital Reinsurance Group Pte. Ltd.

Director

3.

Asia Capital Reinsurance Malaysia Sdn Bhd

Director

4.

ECICS Limited

Director

Academic and Professional Qualifications

Bachelor of Science (First Class Honours in Mathematics), 

University of Singapore 

Master of Science (Actuarial Science), Northeastern University, 

USA 

Fellow of the Society of Actuaries, USA

Board Committees Served On

Member, Audit Committee

Member, Executive Committee

Member, Risk Management Committee

Date of First Appointment

1 January 2013

Date of Last Re-election

19 April 2018

Length of Service 

7 years 2 months

Independent Status

Independent director

Country of Principal Residence

Singapore

The Board’s comments on the re-election

Mr Law Song Keng has in-depth knowledge and operating 

experience in both life and general insurance operations. His 

contributions during board and board committee deliberations 

continue to make him invaluable to the Great Eastern Group.

LEE FOOK SUN

Current Directorships and Principal Commitments/

Appointments

1.

D’Crypt Pte Ltd

Chairman

2.

Ensign Infosecurity Pte. Ltd.

Chairman

3.

Ensign Infosecurity (Cybersecurity) Pte. Ltd.

Chairman

4.

SMRT TEL Pte. Ltd.

Deputy 

Chairman

5.

SMRT Trains Ltd.

Deputy 

Chairman

6.

Ensign Asia Pte. Ltd.

(formerly known as Tyree Investments Pte. Ltd.)

Director

7.

Ensign Technologies Pte. Ltd.

(formerly known as Leone Investments Pte. Ltd.)

Director

8.

SMRT Corporation Ltd

Director/

Chairman, 

Audit &amp; Risk 

Committee

9.

Building and Construction Authority

Chairman

10. DSO National Laboratories

Director/

Chairman, 

Audit 

Committee

11. Temasek International Advisors Pte. Ltd.

Corporate 

Advisor

Directorships and Principal Commitments/Appointments  

for the past 5 years

1. ST Electronics (Info-Comm Systems) Pte. Ltd.

Chairman

2.

ST Electronics (Info-Security) Pte. Ltd.

Chairman

3.

ST Electronics (Info-Software Systems) Pte. Ltd.

Chairman

4. ST Electronics (Satcom &amp; Sensor Systems) Pte. Ltd. Chairman

5.

ST Electronics (Satellite Systems) Pte. Ltd.

Chairman

6.

ST Electronics (Training &amp; Simulation Systems) Pte. Ltd. Chairman

7.

VT iDirect Inc.

Co-Chairman

8.

Singapore Technologies Dynamics Pte Ltd

Director

9.

ST Engineering Management Services Pte. Ltd.

Director

10. ST Electronics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd

Director

11. Vision Technologies Electronics, Inc

Director

12. Vision Technologies Kinetics, Inc

Director

13. ST Engineering Electronics Ltd.

Alternate 

Director

14. Public Sector Data Security Review Committee

Member

Academic and Professional Qualifications

Bachelor of Arts (Honours), University of Oxford (UK)

Master of Arts (Engineering Science), University of Oxford (UK) 

Executive Programme, Stanford University

Board Committees Served On

Chairman, Nominating Committee

Chairman, Remuneration Committee

Member, Executive Committee

Date of First Appointment

1 August 2017

Date of Last Re-election

19 April 2018

Length of Service

2 years 7 months

Independent Status

Independent director

Country of Principal Residence

Singapore

FURTHER INFORMATION 

ON DIRECTORS

As at 28 February 2020

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

222


KYLE LEE KHAI FATT

Current Directorships and Principal Commitments/

Appointments

1.

CapitaLand Mall Trust Management Limited

Director

2.

ComfortDelgro Corporation Limited*

Director

3.

FEO Hospitality Asset Management Pte. Ltd.

Director

4.

FEO Hospitality Trust Management Pte. Ltd.

Director

5.

The Great Eastern Life Assurance Company Limited

Director

Directorships and Principal Commitments/Appointments 

for the past 5 years

1.

MFS Technology Ltd*

Chairman

2.

Jurong International Holdings Pte. Ltd.

Director

3.

National Art Gallery 

– Audit Committee

Member

Academic and Professional Qualifications

Bachelor of Arts (Honours) in Business Studies, Council for National 

Academic Awards, Polytechnic of the South Bank London

Master of Business Administration, University of London, Imperial 

College of Science, Technology and Medicine

Master of Science (Distinction) in International Management,  

University of London, The School of Oriental and African Studies

Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales 

Fellow of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants

Fellow of the Singapore Institute of Directors

Board Committees Served On

Chairman, Audit Committee

Member, Nominating Committee

Date of First Appointment

1 July 2014

Date of Last Re-election

18 April 2019

Length of Service 

5 years 8 months

Independent Status

Independent director

Country of Principal Residence

Singapore

SOON TIT KOON

Current Directorships and Principal Commitments/

Appointments

1.

OCBC Wing Hang Bank Limited

Director

2.

SPH REIT Management Pte. Ltd.

Director

3.

Wah Hin &amp; Company Private Limited

Director

Directorships and Principal Commitments/Appointments  

for the past 5 years

1.

AVIC Trust Co., Ltd

Director

2.

Bank of Ningbo Co., Ltd. 

Director

Academic and Professional Qualifications

Bachelor of Science (Honours) in Applied Chemistry, University of 

Singapore

Master of Business Administration, University of Chicago, USA

Advanced Management Program, Harvard Business School

Board Committee Served On

Member, Risk Management Committee

Date of First Appointment

1 January 2016

Date of Last Re-election

19 April 2018

Length of Service 

4 years 2 months

Independent Status

Independent director

Country of Principal Residence

Singapore

The Board’s comments on the re-election

Mr Soon Tit Koon has more than 30 years of corporate banking and 

financial experience. His extensive experience in the financial sector, 

investments and business management and contributions during 

board and board committee deliberations continue to make him 

invaluable to the Great Eastern Group.

* 

Listed company

FURTHER INFORMATION 

ON DIRECTORS

As at 28 February 2020

223

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


TEOH LIAN EE

Current Directorships and Principal Commitments/

Appointments

1.

Asian Healthcare Investment Pte Ltd

Director

Directorships and Principal Commitments/Appointments  

for the past 5 years

1.

2.

Rajah &amp; Tann Singapore LLP

Tsao Foundation

Consultant

Director

Academic and Professional Qualifications

Bachelor of Laws (Second Upper Class Honours), National 

University of Singapore

Master of Laws (Second Upper Class Honours), National University 

of Singapore

Board Committee Served On

Member, Audit Committee

Date of First Appointment

1 August 2017

Date of Last Re-election

19 April 2018

Length of Service

2 years 7 months

Independent Status

Independent director

Country of Principal Residence

Singapore

THEAN NAM YEW

Current Directorships and Principal Commitments/

Appointments

–

Directorships and Principal Commitments/Appointments  

for the past 5 years

–

Academic and Professional Qualifications

Bachelor of Electrical and Electronic Engineering (First Class 

Honours), University of Melbourne Australia

Advanced Business Management Programme, Kellogg Graduate 

School of Management, Northwestern University, Illinois, USA

Board Committees Served On

Member, Audit Committee

Member, Executive Committee

Date of First Appointment

5 January 2017

Date of Last Re-election

18 April 2017

Length of Service

3 years 2 months

Independent Status

Independent director

Country of Principal Residence

Singapore

The Board’s comments on the re-election

Mr Thean Nam Yew has more than 24 years of experience in 

consulting, technology, change and transformation delivery. He has 

extensive financial services industry experience and his contributions 

during board and board committee deliberations continue to make 

him invaluable to the Great Eastern Group.

FURTHER INFORMATION 

ON DIRECTORS

As at 28 February 2020

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

224


SAMUEL N. TSIEN

Current Directorships and Principal Commitments/

Appointments

1.

Bank of Singapore Limited

Director

2.

Mapletree Investments Pte Ltd

Director

3.

OCBC Bank (Malaysia) Bhd

Director

4.

OCBC Overseas Investments Pte Ltd

Director

5.

OCBC Wing Hang Bank Ltd

Director

6.

OCBC Wing Hang Bank (China) Limited 

Director

7.

Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited*  

Executive 

Director and 

Group Chief 

Executive 

Officer

8.

PT Bank OCBC NISP Tbk*

Commissioner

9.

Association of Banks in Singapore

Chairman

10. MAS Steering Committee for SGD Swap Offer 

Rate Transition to Singapore Overnight Rate 

Average

Chairman

11. The Institute of Banking and Finance

Vice 

Chairman/

Chairman of 

Standards 

Committee

12. ASEAN Bankers Association 

Director

13. Dr Goh Keng Swee Scholarship Fund

Director

14. International Monetary Conference 

Director

15. Advisory Board of the Asian Financial Leaders 

Programme 

Member

16. MAS Financial Sector Tripartite Committee

Member

17. MAS Financial Centre Advisory Panel 

Member/

Chairman 

of China 

Workgroup

18. MAS Payments Council

Member

Directorships and Principal Commitments/Appointments 

for the past 5 years

1.

ASEAN Finance Corporation Limited

Director

2.

OCBC Al-Amin Bank Berhad

Director

3.

OCBC Pearl Limited

Director

4.

ABS Benchmarks Administration Co. Pte. Ltd.

– Oversight Committee

Member

5.

Advisory Council on Community Relations in 

Defence (Employer &amp; Business)

Member

6.

Malaysia-Singapore Business Council

Member

7.

Singapore Business Federation

– Finance and Investment Committee

Council 

Member  

Academic and Professional Qualifications

Bachelor of Arts with Honours in Economics, University of 

California, Los Angeles, USA

Financial Industry Certified Professional, The Institute of Banking 

and Finance

Board Committees Served On

Member, Executive Committee

Member, Nominating Committee

Member, Risk Management Committee

Date of First Appointment

15 April 2012

Date of Last Re-election

18 April 2019

Length of Service 

7 years 11 months

Independent Status

Non-executive and non-independent director

Country of Principal Residence

Singapore

WEE JOO YEOW

Current Directorships and Principal Commitments/

Appointments

1.

Frasers Property Limited*

Director

2.

Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited* Director

3.

WJY Holdings Private Limited

Director

4.

WTT Investments Pte Ltd

Director

Directorships and Principal Commitments/Appointments 

for the past 5 years

1.

Mapletree Industrial Trust Management Ltd

Director

2.

OCBC Management Services Private Limited

Director

3.

PACC Offshore Services Holdings Ltd

Director

Academic and Professional Qualifications

Bachelor of Business Administration (Honours), University of 

Singapore

Master of Business Administration, New York University, USA

Board Committees Served On

Member, Nominating Committee

Member, Remuneration Committee

Date of First Appointment

1 January 2016

Date of Last Re-election

18 April 2019

Length of Service 

4 years 2 months

Independent Status

Non-executive and non-independent director

Country of Principal Residence

Singapore

* 

Listed company

FURTHER INFORMATION 

ON DIRECTORS

As at 28 February 2020

225

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


INFORMATION REQUIRED UNDER RULE 720(6) OF THE LISTING 

MANUAL OF THE SINGAPORE EXCHANGE SECURITIES TRADING LIMITED

The Directors seeking re-election at the Twenty-First Annual General Meeting (“AGM”), namely, Mr Koh Beng Seng, Mr Law Song Keng,  

Mr Soon Tit Koon and Mr Thean Nam Yew, have each:

• 

Provided an undertaking in the format set out in Appendix 7.7 under Rule 720(1) of the Listing Manual of the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (SGX-ST).

• 

Confirmed that he has no relationship (including immediate family relationships) with an existing director, existing executive officer, 

the Company and/or any substantial shareholder of the Company or any of its principal subsidiaries.

• 

Confirmed that he has no conflict of interest (including any competing business).

• 

Confirmed that there is no change to his responses previously disclosed under items (a) to (k) of Appendix 7.4.1 of the Listing Manual 

of the SGX-ST**, which were all “No”.

The shareholding interest in the Company and its subsidiaries (if any) of each of these Directors are disclosed in the “Directors’ Statement” 

on pages 99 to 100.

Further information required under Rule720(6) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST for Directors seeking re-election at the Company’s AGM 

are disclosed in the “Board of Directors” on pages 16 to 20 and “Further Information on Directors” on pages 221 to 225.

** 

 The information relating to the above Directors as set out in Appendix 7.4.1 of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST was announced on 28 December 2007  

(Mr Koh Beng Seng), 31 December 2012 (Mr Law Song Keng), 8 December 2015 (Mr Soon Tit Koon) and 4 January 2017 (Mr Thean Nam Yew), in connection 

with their appointment as Directors of the Company.  

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

226


GROUP AND SINGAPORE

Great Eastern Holdings Limited

The Great Eastern Life Assurance

Company Limited

Great Eastern General

Insurance Limited

Khor Hock Seng

Group Chief Executive Officer

Ronnie Tan

Group Chief Financial Officer

Dato Koh Yaw Hui

Chief Executive Officer (Malaysia)

Jimmy Tong

Managing Director, General and Group

Insurance

Ben Tan Tiong Kheng

Managing Director, Regional Agency/

FA/Bancassurance

Clement Lien Cheong Kiat

Chief Executive Officer (Indonesia)

Ryan Cheong Kwok Leong

Managing Director, Digital for Business

Colin Chan

Managing Director, Group Marketing

Raymond Ong

Group Chief Risk Officer

Wee Ai Ning

Group Chief Investment Officer

Jennifer Wong Pakshong

Group Company Secretary and

General Counsel

Gary Teh 

Managing Director,

Group Information Technology

James Lee

Managing Director,

Group Human Capital

Patrick Kok

Managing Director, Group Operations

Jeffrey Lowe

Group Chief Internal Auditor

Jesslyn Tan

Chief Executive Officer,

Great Eastern Financial Advisers

Tan Eng Yau

Appointed Actuary 

Leow Yung Khee (Dr)

Head, Group Insurance

Hong Siu Ming

Head, People, Culture and Group 

Reward

Group Human Capital

Wendy Anne Teo

Deputy General Counsel

MALAYSIA

Great Eastern Life Assurance

(Malaysia) Berhad

Dato Koh Yaw Hui

Chief Executive Officer

Loke Chang Yueh

Chief Financial Officer

Jeffrey Yem Voon Cheat

Chief Operations Officer

Nicholas Kua Choo Ming

Chief Marketing Officer

Cheong Soo Ching

Chief Risk Officer

Alexis Jong Kian Wei

Chief Investment Officer 

Audra Chung Kit Li

Chief Internal Auditor

Leslie Chow Khee Leong

Head, Group Insurance – Employee

Benefits

Chan Chee Wei

Head, Bancassurance

Foong Chee Kwan

Head, Group Insurance – Affinity

Chan Chia Khow

Appointed Actuary

Vincent Chin Kok Lean

Head, Information Technology

Liza Hanim Binti Zainal Abidin

Company Secretary,  

Secretariat and Legal

Dennis Tan Koh Tiong

Head, Human Capital

MANAGEMENT 

TEAM

227

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


Great Eastern General Insurance

(Malaysia) Berhad

Ng Kok Kheng

Chief Executive Officer

Khoo Sook Hooi

Chief Financial Officer

Chong Kah Lay

Head, Corporate Distribution

Goh Ching On

Head, Claims Management

Wong Eng Yan

Head, Underwriting and

Policy Processing Management

Chong Wan Leng

Appointed Actuary

Great Eastern Takaful Berhad

Shahrul Azlan Shahriman

Chief Executive Officer

 

Jasveen Kaur Marne

Chief Financial Officer

 

Allen Tan Chee Keong

Head, Operations

 

Norizan Yahya

Head, Agency Distribution

 

Tengku Sheila Tengku Azib

Head, Brand &amp; Communications

 

Mohd Khalid Khairullah

Appointed Actuary

 

Norazlin Mohd Dahari

Head, Corporate Takaful Business

 

Raja Mazlena Raja Aziz

Head, Legal, Secretarial and Shariah

 

Razali Kipli

Head, Human Capital

INDONESIA

PT Great Eastern Life Indonesia

Clement Lien Cheong Kiat

President Director &amp; CEO

Fauzi Arfan

Finance Director

Yungki Aldrin

Compliance Director

Nina Ong

Bancassurance Director

Chang Yeong Kiat

Technical Advisor, Affinity

Hesti Handayani 

Head, Operations and Strategic 

Initiatives 

R. Daniel Herjun Putranto

Head, Group Insurance and Affinity 

Division

PT Great Eastern General Insurance 

Indonesia

Aziz Adam Sattar

President Director 

Andy Soen

Finance Director

Cong Chun Ling

Marketing Director

Lee Pooi Hor

Operations Director

BRUNEI

The Great Eastern Life Assurance

Company Limited

Thomas Thian

Interim Head

CHINA

The Great Eastern Life Assurance

Company Limited

Beijing Representative Office

Ryan Cheong Kwok Leong

Authorised Representative

Ada Zhou

Chief Representative

MYANMAR

The Great Eastern Life Assurance

Co., Ltd.

Great Eastern General Insurance 

Limited

Myanmar Representative Office

Jimmy Tong

Chief Representative

MANAGEMENT 

TEAM

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

228


GROUP  

NETWORK

SINGAPORE

Great Eastern Holdings Limited

The Great Eastern Life Assurance 

Company Limited

Great Eastern General 

Insurance Limited

1 Pickering Street #01-01

Great Eastern Centre

Singapore 048659

Tel: +65 6248 2000

Fax: +65 6532 2214

Website: www.greateasternlife.com

E-mail: wecare-sg@greateasternlife.com

Website: www.greateasterngeneral.com

Email: gicare-sg@greateasterngeneral.com

Customer Service Centres 

1 Pickering Street, Level 1

Great Eastern Centre

Singapore 048659

Tel: +65 6248 2888   

Fax: +65 6535 2836

E-mail: wecare-sg@greateasternlife.com

Great Eastern @ Paya Lebar Quarter 

2 Tanjong Katong Road, 

#13-01 PLQ 3

Paya Lebar Quarter

Singapore 437161

Service Centres for

Financial Representatives

Great Eastern House

49 Beach Road #01-01

Singapore 189685

Great Eastern @ Westgate

1 Gateway Drive

Westgate Tower #18-00

Singapore 608531

VOLTAGE

1 Pickering Street #01-03

Great Eastern Centre

Singapore 048659

Great Eastern Financial Advisers

Private Limited

1 Pickering Street #01-01

Great Eastern Centre

Singapore 048659

Tel: +65 6248 2121

Fax: +65 6327 3073

Website: www.greateasternfa.com.sg

E-mail: contact_us@greateasternfa.com.sg

Lion Global Investors Limited

65 Chulia Street #18-01

OCBC Centre

Singapore 049513

Tel: +65 6417 6800

Fax: +65 6417 6801

Website: www.lionglobalinvestors.com

E-mail: contactus@lionglobalinvestors.com

MALAYSIA

Great Eastern Life Assurance

(Malaysia) Berhad  

Menara Great Eastern

303 Jalan Ampang

50450 Kuala Lumpur

Malaysia

Tel: +603 4259 8888

Fax: +603 4259 8000

Website: www.greateasternlife.com

E-mail: wecare-my@greateasternlife.com

Branch Offices

Alor Setar

66 &amp; 68 Jalan Teluk Wanjah

05200 Alor Setar, Kedah

Malaysia

Batu Pahat

109, Jalan Rahmat,

83000 Batu Pahat, Johor

Malaysia

Bintulu

No 313, Lot 3956, Phase 4

Bintulu Parkcity Commerce Square

Jalan Tun Ahmad Zaidi /

Jalan Tanjung Batu

97000 Bintulu, Sarawak

Malaysia

Ipoh

Wisma Great Eastern

No 16, Persiaran Tugu

Greentown Avenue

30450 Ipoh, Perak

Malaysia

Johor Bahru

Wisma Great Eastern

02-01, Blok A, Komersial Southkey

Mozek,

Persiaran Southkey 1,

Kota Southkey

80150 Johor Bahru

Malaysia

Klang

No.8 &amp; 10 Jalan Tiara 2A

Bandar Baru Klang

41150 Klang, Selangor

Malaysia

Kluang

No 22 &amp; 24

Jalan Md Lazim Saim

86000 Kluang, Johor

Malaysia

Kota Bharu

No. S25 /5252-T &amp; U

Jalan Sultan Yahya Petra

15200 Kota Bharu, Kelantan

Malaysia

Kota Kinabalu

Wisma Great Eastern

Level 4 &amp; 5

No. 65 Jalan Gaya

88000 Kota Kinabalu, Sabah

Malaysia

Kuala Terengganu

2nd Floor, 6F

Bangunan Persatuan Hin Ann

Jalan Air Jernih

20300 Kuala Terengganu

Terengganu

Malaysia

Kuantan

A25 Jalan Dato Lim Hoe Lek

25200 Kuantan, Pahang

Malaysia

229

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


Kuching

No 51, Lot 435,

Section 54,

KTLD Travilion Commercial Centre

Jalan Padungan

93100 Kuching, Sarawak

Malaysia

Lahad Datu

Ground &amp; 1st Floor,

MDLD 3804, Lot 66

Fajar Centre, Jalan Segama

91100 Lahad Datu, Sabah

Malaysia

Melaka

No.23 Jalan PM 15,

Plaza Mahkota

75000 Melaka

Malaysia

Miri

Lots 1260 &amp; 1261,Block 10, M.C.L.D

Jalan Melayu

98000 Miri, Sarawak

Malaysia

Penang

25, Light Street

10200 Penang

Malaysia

Sandakan

Lot 5 &amp; 6, Block 40, Lorong Indah 15,

Bandar Indah Phase 7, Mile 4,

North Road,

90000 Sandakan, Sabah

Malaysia

Seremban

101 &amp; 103

Jalan Yam Tuan

70000 Seremban

Negeri Sembilan

Malaysia

Sibu

Wisma Great Eastern 

No. 10 A-F,  Persiaran Brooke

96000 Sibu, Sarawak

Malaysia

Taiping

133A Jalan Barrack

34000 Taiping

Perak

Malaysia

Tawau

Wisma Great Eastern 

Ground Floor, Jalan Billian,

91000 Tawau, Sabah

Malaysia

Great Eastern General Insurance

(Malaysia) Berhad

Menara Great Eastern

Level 18, 303 Jalan Ampang

50450 Kuala Lumpur

Malaysia

Tel: +603 4259 8888

Fax: +603 4813 0055

www.greateasterngeneral.com

E-mail: gicare-my@

greateasterngeneral.com

Branch Offices

Kuala Lumpur

Menara Great Eastern

Level 18, 303 Jalan Ampang

50450 Kuala Lumpur

Malaysia

Tel: +603 4259 7888

Fax: +603 4813 0088

Alor Setar

Level 1, 69 &amp; 70

Jalan Teluk Wanjah

05200 Alor Setar, Kedah

Malaysia

Tel: +604 734 6515

Fax: +604 734 6516

Ipoh

Wisma Great Eastern

Level 2, No.16, Persiaran Tugu

Greentown Avenue

30450 Ipoh, Perak

Malaysia

Tel: +605 253 6649

Fax: +605 255 3066

Johor Bahru

Wisma Great Eastern, 03-01 Blok A

Komersil Southkey Mozek

Persiaran Southkey 1, Kota Southkey

80150 Johor Bahru, Johor

Malaysia

Tel: +607 336 9899

Fax: +607 336 9869

Klang

3rd Floor, No. 10 Jalan Tiara 2A

Bandar Baru Klang

41150 Klang, Selangor

Malaysia

Tel: +603 3345 1027

Fax: +603 3345 1029

Kota Bharu

No. S25/5252-S Tingkat 1

Jalan Sultan Yahya Petra

15200 Kota Bharu, Kelantan

Malaysia

Tel: +609 748 2698

Fax: +609 744 8533

Kota Kinabalu

Wisma Great Eastern

Suite 6.3, Level 6

No. 65, Jalan Gaya,

88000 Kota Kinabalu, Sabah

Malaysia

Tel: +6088 235 636

Fax: +6088 248 879

Kuantan

Level 1, No. A25,

Jalan Dato’ Lim Hoe Lek

25200 Kuantan, Pahang

Malaysia

Tel: +609 516 2849

Fax: +609 516 2848

Kuching

No. 51, Level 3,

Lot 435, Section 54 KTLD

Travilion Commercial Centre

Jalan Padungan

93100 Kuching, Sarawak

Malaysia

Tel: +6082 420 197

Fax: +6082 248 072

GROUP  

NETWORK

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

230


Melaka

No. 2-23, Jalan PM 15

Plaza Mahkota

75000 Melaka

Malaysia

Tel: +606 284 3297

Fax: +606 283 5478

Penang

Suite 2-3 Level 2

25 Lebuh Light

10200 Pulan Pinang

Malaysia

Tel: +604 261 9361

Fax: +604 261 9058

Seremban

103-2 Jalan Yam Tuan

70000 Seremban

Negeri Sembilan

Malaysia

Tel: +606 764 9082

Fax: +606 761 6178

Sibu

Wisma Great Eastern

Level 2, No. 10 A-F

Persiaran Brooke

96000 Sibu, Sarawak

Tel: +6084 328 392

Fax: +6084 326 392

Great Eastern Takaful Berhad 

201001032332 (916257-H)

Level 3, Menara Great Eastern

303 Jalan Ampang

50450 Kuala Lumpur

Malaysia

Tel: +603 4259 8338

Fax: +603 4259 8808

Website: www.greateasterntakaful.com

E-mail: i-greatcare@greateasterntakaful.

com

Agency Synergy Stations

Alor Setar

No. 18-D1 &amp; D2,

Lebuhraya Darulaman,

05100 Alor Star, Kedah

Kota Bharu

Lot 360 Tingkat 1,

Jalan Seri Cemerlang,

Seksyen 27,

15300 Kota Bharu Kelantan

INDONESIA

PT Great Eastern Life Indonesia

Menara Karya, 5th Floor

Jl. H.R. Rasuna Said, Blok X-5 Kav. 1-2

Jakarta Selatan 12950

Indonesia

Tel: +6221 2554 3888

Website: www.greateasternlife.com/id

E-mail: wecare-ID@greateasternlife.com

PT Great Eastern General Insurance 

Indonesia

MidPlaza 2, 23rd Floor, 

Jalan Jenderal Sudirman Kav. 10-11

Jakarta 10220, Indonesia. 

Tel +62-21 5723737

Website: www.greateasterngeneral.com/id 

Email: wecare-id@greateasterngeneral.com

Branch, Marketing and Sales Offices 

Jakarta

Maspion Plaza 8th Floor

Jalan Gunung Sahari Raya Kav. 18

Jakarta 14420

Tel : +62 21 64701278

Fax : +62 21 64701267/8

Surabaya

Gedung Medan Pemuda 7th Floor

Jalan Pemuda No. 27 – 31

Surabaya 60271

Tel : +62 31 5477300

Fax : +62 31 5477370

Medan

Kompleks Ruko Jati Junction

Jalan Timor No. 3 – T

Medan 20234

Tel : +62 61 88817009

Fax : +62 61 88817010

Makassar

Jalan Jenderal Ahmad Yani

Komplek Ruko A. Yani No. 23/25

Blok C 46, Makassar 90174

Tel : +62 411 3617978

Fax : +62 411 3610434

Bali

Pusat Pertokoan Sudirman Agung

Blok B12,

Jalan Jenderal Sudirman

Denpasar 80225

Tel : +62 361 229894, 255149

Fax : +62 361 255150

Batam

Komplek Tanjung Pantun Blok R

No. 5. Sei Jodoh, Batam 29433

Tel : +62 778 421066

Fax : +62 778 430492

Samarinda

Jalan Jenderal Ahmad Yani No. 12

Samarinda 75117

Tel : +62 541 200833

Fax : +62 541 748878

Semarang

Ruko Metro Plaza Blok B-12

Jalan MT Haryono 970

Semarang 50242

Tel : +62 24 8457058/9

Fax : +62 24 8417867

Serpong

Sutera Niaga 3 Blok C No. 11

Jalan Raya Serpong

Tangerang 15325

Tel : +62 21 53122468

Fax : +62 21 53122431

Cirebon

Komplek Ruko Pulasaren

Jalan Pulasaren Raya No. C-5

Cirebon 45116

Tel : +62 231 207784, 234054

Fax : +62 231 207784

Pekanbaru

Jalan KH. Hasyim Ashari 16

Pekanbaru 28113

Tel : +62 761 32708

Fax : +62 761 31427

GROUP  

NETWORK

231

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


Balikpapan

JL. MT. Haryono

Komplek Balikpapan Baru Blok AB 2 

No. 26

Balikpapan – Kaltim

Telp : +62 541 200833

BRUNEI

The Great Eastern Life Assurance

Company Limited

Unit 17/18, Block B

Bangunan Habza

Spg 150, Kpg. Kiarong

Bandar Seri Begawan BE1318

Negara Brunei Darussalam

Tel: +673 223 3118

Fax: +673 223 8118

Website: www.greateasternlife.com/bn

E-mail: wecare-bn@greateasternlife.com

Lion Global Investors Limited

Unit 3A, Level 5

Retail Arcade

The Empire Hotel &amp; Country Club

Jerudong BG3122

Negara Brunei Darussalam

Tel: +673 261 0925/6

Fax: +673 261 1823

CHINA

The Great Eastern Life Assurance

Company Limited

(Beijing Representative Office)

Room 901

China Garments Mansion

No. 99 Jianguo Rd

Beijing 100020

People’s Republic of China

Tel: +8610 6581 5501

Fax: +8610 6583 8727

MYANMAR

The Great Eastern Life Assurance 

Company Limited

Great Eastern General Insurance 

Limited

(Myanmar Representative Office)

Level 3, Unit No. 03-09

Union Business Centre

Nat Mauk Road, Bo Cho Quarter

Bahan Township, Yangon

Myanmar

Tel/Fax: +951 860 3384

GROUP  

NETWORK

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

232


GREAT EASTERN HOLDINGS LIMITED

(INCORPORATED IN THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE) 

(COMPANY REGISTRATION NO. 199903008M)

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Twenty-First Annual General Meeting of Great Eastern Holdings Limited (the “Company”) 

will be held at 1 Pickering Street, #02-02 Great Eastern Centre, Singapore 048659 on Wednesday, 15 April 2020 at 3.00 p.m. 

(“AGM”) to transact the following business:

AS ORDINARY BUSINESS

1 

To receive and adopt the Directors’ Statement and the audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 

December 2019 and the Auditor’s Report thereon.

2 

To approve a final one-tier tax exempt dividend of 50 cents per ordinary share in respect of the financial year ended 

31 December 2019.

3 

To re-elect the following Directors, who are retiring by rotation under article 97 of the Company’s Constitution and 

who, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election:

(i) 

Mr Koh Beng Seng

(ii) 

Mr Law Song Keng

(iii) 

Mr Soon Tit Koon

(iv) 

Mr Thean Nam Yew

4 

To approve Directors’ fees of S$2,181,000 for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (2018: S$2,263,000).

5 

To appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Auditor of the Company in place of the retiring Auditor, Ernst &amp; Young 

LLP, and to authorise the Directors to fix its remuneration.

AS SPECIAL BUSINESS

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following Resolutions, which will be proposed as Ordinary Resolutions:

6 

That authority be and is hereby given to the Directors of the Company to:

 

(a) 

(i) 

issue shares of the Company (“shares”) whether by way of rights, bonus or otherwise; and/or

(ii) 

make or grant offers, agreements or options (collectively, “Instruments”) that might or would require 

shares to be issued, including but not limited to the creation and issue of (as well as adjustments to) 

warrants, debentures or other instruments convertible into shares,

 

on a pro rata basis to shareholders of the Company, at any time and upon such terms and conditions and for 

such purposes as the Directors may in their absolute discretion deem fit; and 

(b) 

(notwithstanding the authority conferred by this Resolution may have ceased to be in force) issue shares in 

pursuance of any Instrument made or granted by the Directors while this Resolution was in force,

NOTICE OF  

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

233

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


NOTICE OF  

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

provided that:

(1) 

the aggregate number of shares to be issued pursuant to this Resolution (including shares to be issued in 

pursuance of Instruments made or granted pursuant to this Resolution) shall not exceed 50% of the total 

number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) (as calculated in accordance with 

sub-paragraph (2) below);

(2) 

(subject to such manner of calculation and adjustments as may be prescribed by the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”)) for the purpose of determining the aggregate number of shares that 

may be issued under sub-paragraph (1) above, the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares 

and subsidiary holdings) shall be based on the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and 

subsidiary holdings) at the time this Resolution is passed, after adjusting for:

(i) 

new shares arising from the conversion or exercise of any convertible securities or share options or 

vesting of share awards which were issued and are outstanding or subsisting at the time this Resolution 

is passed; and

(ii) 

any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of shares,

 

and, in sub-paragraph (1) above and this sub-paragraph (2), “subsidiary holdings” has the meaning given to it 

in the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST; 

(3) 

in exercising the authority conferred by this Resolution, the Company shall comply with the provisions of the 

Listing Manual of the SGX-ST for the time being in force (unless such compliance has been waived by the 

SGX-ST) and the Constitution for the time being of the Company; and

(4) 

(unless revoked or varied by the Company in general meeting) the authority conferred by this Resolution shall 

continue in force until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company or the date by which 

the next annual general meeting of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is the earlier.

7 

That authority be and is hereby given to the Directors of the Company to allot and issue from time to time such number 

of shares as may be required to be allotted and issued pursuant to the Great Eastern Holdings Limited Scrip Dividend 

Scheme.

By Order of the Board

JENNIFER WONG PAKSHONG

Company Secretary

Singapore

23 March 2020

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

234


EXPLANATORY NOTES

Resolutions 3(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) 

Resolutions 3(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) are to re-elect Directors who are retiring by rotation under article 97 of the Company’s 

Constitution. 

Mr Koh Beng Seng will, upon re-election, continue to serve as Chairman of the Board, the Executive Committee and Risk 

Management Committee, respectively, and a Member of the Nominating Committee and the Remuneration Committee, 

respectively.

Mr Law Song Keng will, upon re-election, continue to serve as a Member of the Audit Committee, the Executive Committee 

and the Risk Management Committee, respectively.

Mr Soon Tit Koon will, upon re-election, continue to serve as a Member of the Risk Management Committee.

Mr Thean Nam Yew will, upon re-election, continue to serve as a Member of the Audit Committee and the Executive 

Committee, respectively.

Please refer to the “Board of Directors” section, the “Board Composition and Independence” section in the Corporate 

Governance Report and the “Further Information on Directors” section on pages 16, 80 and 221 respectively in the Annual 

Report 2019 for information on these Directors (including information as set out in Appendix 7.4.1 of the Listing Manual of the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited).

Resolution 5

Resolution 5 is to appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the auditor of the Company in place of the retiring Auditor, Ernst 

&amp; Young LLP, and to authorise the Directors to fix its remuneration. 

Ernst &amp; Young LLP has served as the external Auditor of the Company since the Company’s incorporation in 1999 and will 

not be seeking re-appointment at the AGM. The Company had previously disclosed in its Annual Report 2018 that the Audit 

Committee has nominated PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP for appointment as the external Auditor of the Company in place 

of Ernst &amp; Young LLP for the financial year ending 31 December 2020. The nomination was made following a tender process 

based on an established framework for the selection of an external auditor. Please refer to the Letter to Shareholders dated 23 

March 2020 and the “Principle 10: Audit Committee” section in the Corporate Governance Report on page 90 in the Annual 

Report 2019 for more details.

Resolution 6

Resolution 6 is to authorise the Directors of the Company from the date of the AGM until the next annual general meeting to 

issue shares of the Company and to make or grant instruments (such as warrants or debentures) convertible into shares on 

a pro rata basis to shareholders of the Company, and to issue shares in pursuance of such instruments, up to a number not 

exceeding 50% of the total number of issued shares of the Company (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings). 

For the purpose of determining the aggregate number of shares that may be issued, the total number of issued shares of 

the Company (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) shall be based on the total number of issued shares of the 

Company (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) at the time this proposed Ordinary Resolution is passed, after 

adjusting for (a) new shares arising from the conversion or exercise of any convertible securities or share options or vesting of 

share awards which were issued and are outstanding or subsisting at the time this proposed Ordinary Resolution is passed, 

and (b) any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of shares. For the avoidance of doubt, any consolidation or 

subdivision of shares of the Company will require shareholders’ approval. The Directors will only issue shares and instruments 

under this Resolution if they consider it necessary and in the interests of the Company. As at 28 February 2020, the Company 

had no treasury shares and no subsidiary holdings.

Resolution 7

Resolution 7 is to authorise the Directors of the Company to issue shares pursuant to the Great Eastern Holdings Limited 

Scrip Dividend Scheme to members who, in respect of a qualifying dividend, have elected to receive scrip in lieu of the cash 

amount of that qualifying dividend.

NOTICE OF  

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

235

ANNUAL

REPORT 

2019


Notes: 

1. 

(a)  A member who is not a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint not more than two proxies to attend, speak and vote at the AGM. Where such 

member’s form of proxy appoints more than one proxy, the proportion of the shareholding concerned to be represented by each proxy shall be specified 

in the form of proxy.

(b)  A member who is a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint more than two proxies to attend, speak and vote at the AGM, but each proxy must be 

appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by such member. Where such member’s form of proxy appoints more than 

two proxies, the number and class of shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed shall be specified in the form of proxy.

“Relevant intermediary” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 181 of the Companies Act, Chapter 50.

2. 

 A proxy need not be a member of the Company. 

3. 

 The instrument appointing a proxy or proxies (a form is enclosed) must be deposited with the Company, c/o The Great Eastern Life Assurance Company 

Limited, 1 Pickering Street, #01-01 Great Eastern Centre, Singapore 048659, no later than 12 April 2020 at 3.00 p.m., being 72 hours before the time set for 

holding the AGM. 

PERSONAL DATA PRIVACY

By submitting an instrument appointing a proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to attend, speak and vote at the AGM  

and/or any adjournment thereof, a member of the Company (i) consents to the collection, use and disclosure of the member’s 

personal data by the Company (or its agents or service providers) for the purpose of the processing, administration and 

analysis by the Company (or its agents or service providers) of proxies and representatives appointed for the AGM (including 

any adjournment thereof) and the preparation and compilation of the attendance lists, minutes and other documents relating 

to the AGM (including any adjournment thereof), and in order for the Company (or its agents or service providers) to comply 

with any applicable laws, listing rules, take-over rules, regulations and/or guidelines (collectively, the “Purposes”), (ii) warrants 

that where the member discloses the personal data of the member’s proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to the Company (or 

its agents or service providers), the member has obtained the prior consent of such proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for 

the collection, use and disclosure by the Company (or its agents or service providers) of the personal data of such proxy(ies)  

and/or representative(s) for the Purposes, and (iii) agrees that the member will indemnify the Company in respect of any 

penalties, liabilities, claims, demands, losses and damages as a result of the member’s breach of warranty.

RECORD DATE AND PAYMENT DATE FOR DIVIDEND 

Subject to the approval of the shareholders to the final one-tier tax exempt dividend at the AGM, the Share Transfer Books 

and Register of Members of the Company will be closed on 25 April 2020 for the purpose of determining the entitlement 

of shareholders to the recommended final one-tier tax exempt dividend of 50 cents per ordinary share. Duly completed 

registrable transfers of shares received by the Company’s Share Registrar, M &amp; C Services Private Limited at 112 Robinson 

Road, #05-01, Singapore 068902 up to 5.00 p.m. on 24 April 2020 will be registered to determine shareholders’ entitlement 

to the proposed dividend. Subject to the aforesaid, shareholders whose securities accounts with The Central Depository (Pte) 

Limited are credited with shares as at 5.00 p.m. on 24 April 2020 will be entitled to the proposed dividend.

The final one-tier tax exempt dividend, if approved by shareholders, will be paid on 8 May 2020.

NOTICE OF  

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

GREAT EASTERN 

HOLDINGS 

LIMITED

236


PROXY  

FORM

GREAT EASTERN HOLDINGS LIMITED

(INCORPORATED IN THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE)

(COMPANY REGISTRATION NO. 199903008M)

I/We, ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________

NRIC/Passport/Company Registration No. ___________________________________________________________________________

of _______________________________________________________________________________________________________________

being a member/members of Great Eastern Holdings Limited (the “Company”), hereby appoint

Name

Address

NRIC/

Passport No.

No. of Shares 

Represented

Proportion of

Shareholdings (%)

and/or (delete as appropriate)

or, failing whom, the Chairman of the annual general meeting (“AGM”) of the Company as my/our proxy/proxies to attend, 

speak and vote for me/us and on my/our behalf at the AGM of the Company to be held at 1 Pickering Street, #02-02 Great 

Eastern Centre, Singapore 048659 on Wednesday, 15 April 2020 at 3.00 p.m. and at any adjournment thereof.

I/We have indicated with an “X” in the appropriate box against each item below how I/we wish my/our proxy/proxies to vote, 

or to abstain from voting. If no specific direction as to voting is given, or in the event of any item arising not summarised below, 

my/our proxy/proxies may vote or abstain at the discretion of my/our proxy/proxies. 

No.

Ordinary Resolutions:

For

Against

Abstain

ORDINARY BUSINESS

1

Adoption of Directors’ Statement, 2019 audited Financial Statements and Auditor’s 

Report

2

Approval of a final one-tier tax exempt dividend of 50 cents per ordinary share

3(i)

Re-election of Mr Koh Beng Seng

3(ii)

Re-election of Mr Law Song Keng

3(iii)

Re-election of Mr Soon Tit Koon

3(iv)

Re-election of Mr Thean Nam Yew

4

Approval of Directors’ fees of S$2,181,000

5

Appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the new Auditor in place of the retiring 

Auditor, Ernst &amp; Young LLP, and authorisation for Directors to fix its remuneration

SPECIAL BUSINESS

6

Authority for Directors to allot and issue shares and make or grant instruments 

convertible into shares

7

Authority for Directors to allot and issue shares pursuant to the Great Eastern Holdings 

Limited Scrip Dividend Scheme

Note:   Voting will be conducted by poll. If you wish your proxy/proxies to cast all your votes “For” or “Against” a resolution, please indicate with an “X” in the “For” 

or “Against” box provided. Alternatively, please indicate the number of votes as appropriate. If you wish your proxy/proxies to abstain from voting on a 

resolution, please indicate with an “X” in the “Abstain” box provided. Alternatively, please indicate the number of shares that your proxy/proxies is directed 

to abstain from voting.

Dated this ___________ day of ____________________ 2020

_______________________________________

Signature(s) of Member(s) or Common Seal  

IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ NOTES OVERLEAF.

Total Number of Shares held

IMPORTANT:

Multiple Proxies

1. 

Relevant intermediaries as defined in Section 181 of the Companies Act, Chapter 50 may appoint more than two proxies to attend, speak and vote at the 

Annual General Meeting. 

CPF/SRS Investors

2. 

For CPF/SRS investors who have used their CPF/SRS monies to buy Great Eastern Holdings Limited shares, this form of proxy is not valid for use and 

shall be ineffective for all intents and purposes if used or purported to be used by them. CPF/SRS investors should contact their respective Agent Banks/

SRS Operators if they have any queries regarding their appointment as proxies.

Personal Data

3. 

By submitting an instrument appointing a proxy(ies) and/or representative(s), the member accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out 

in the Notice of Annual General Meeting dated 23 March 2020.


2nd fold here

1st fold here

3rd fold and glue overleaf. Do not staple

3rd fold and glue overleaf. Do not staple

3rd fold and glue overleaf. Do not staple

THE COMPANY SECRETARY

Great Eastern Holdings Limited

c/o The Great Eastern Life Assurance Company Limited

1 Pickering Street 

#01-01 Great Eastern Centre

Singapore 048659

BUSINESS REPLY SERVICE

PERMIT NO. 01008

Postage 

will be paid by

addressee.

For posting in

Singapore only.

Proxy Form

Annual Report 2019

5.  

Completion and return of the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies shall not preclude a member from attending, 

speaking and voting at the Annual General Meeting. In such event, the relevant instrument appointing a proxy or proxies 

will be deemed to be revoked. 

6.  

The instrument appointing a proxy or proxies must be under the hand of the appointor or of his attorney duly authorised in 

writing. Where the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under 

its seal or under the hand of a director or an officer or attorney duly authorised.

7.  

Where an instrument appointing a proxy or proxies is signed on behalf of the appointor by an attorney, the letter or power of 

attorney or a duly certified copy thereof must (failing previous registration with the Company) be lodged with the instrument 

of proxy, failing which the instrument may be treated as invalid.

8.  

A corporation which is a member may authorise by resolution of its directors or other governing body such person as it 

thinks fit to act as its representative at the Annual General Meeting, in accordance with Section 179 of the Companies Act, 

Chapter 50.

9. 

The Company shall be entitled to reject the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies if it is incomplete, improperly 

completed or illegible or where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the 

appointor specified in the instrument (including any related attachment) appointing a proxy or proxies. In addition, in the 

case of a member whose shares are entered in the Depository Register, the Company may reject any instrument appointing 

a proxy or proxies lodged if the member, being the appointor, is not shown to have shares entered against his name in the 

Depository Register as at 12 April 2020, being 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the Annual General Meeting, 

as certified by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited to the Company.

NOTES TO PROXY FORM:

1. 

(a) 

A member who is not a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint not more than two proxies to attend, speak 

and vote at the Annual General Meeting. Where such member’s form of proxy appoints more than one proxy, the 

proportion of the shareholding concerned to be represented by each proxy shall be specified in the form of proxy.

 

(b) 

A member who is a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint more than two proxies to attend, speak and vote at 

the Annual General Meeting, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share 

or shares held by such member. Where such member’s form of proxy appoints more than two proxies, the number 

and class of shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed shall be specified in the form of proxy. 

 

“Relevant intermediary” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 181 of the Companies Act, Chapter 50.

2.  

The instrument appointing a proxy or proxies must be deposited with the Company, c/o The Great Eastern Life Assurance 

Company Limited, 1 Pickering Street, #01-01 Great Eastern Centre, Singapore 048659, no later than 12 April 2020 

at 3.00 p.m., being 72 hours before the time set for holding the Annual General Meeting. 

3.  

A proxy need not be a member of the Company.

4.  

Please insert the total number of shares held by you. If you have shares entered against your name in the Depository 

Register (maintained by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited), you should insert that number of shares. If you have shares 

registered in your name in the Register of Members (maintained by or on behalf of the Company), you should insert that 

number of shares. If you have shares entered against your name in the Depository Register and shares registered in 

your name in the Register of Members, you should insert the aggregate number of shares. If no number is inserted, the 

instrument appointing a proxy or proxies shall be deemed to relate to all the shares held by you.


This page has been intentionally left blank.


This page has been intentionally left blank.


CORPORATE

INFORMATION

This annual report has been produced by a printer certified according to the 

standards from the Forest Stewardship CouncilTM (FSCTM), and has been printed on 

environmentally-friendly paper in accordance to the FSCTM standard.

As at 28 February 2020

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Koh Beng Seng, Chairman

Norman Ip

Law Song Keng

Lee Fook Sun

Kyle Lee Khai Fatt

Soon Tit Koon

Teoh Lian Ee

Thean Nam Yew

Samuel N. Tsien

Wee Joo Yeow

NOMINATING COMMITTEE

Lee Fook Sun, Chairman 

Norman Ip 

Koh Beng Seng

Kyle Lee Khai Fatt

Samuel N. Tsien 

Wee Joo Yeow

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

Koh Beng Seng, Chairman

Law Song Keng

Lee Fook Sun

Thean Nam Yew

Samuel N. Tsien

AUDIT COMMITTEE

Kyle Lee Khai Fatt, Chairman 

Law Song Keng

Teoh Lian Ee

Thean Nam Yew

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Lee Fook Sun, Chairman

Koh Beng Seng

Wee Joo Yeow

RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

Koh Beng Seng, Chairman 

Norman Ip

Law Song Keng

Soon Tit Koon

Samuel N. Tsien 

GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Khor Hock Seng

GROUP COMPANY SECRETARY

Jennifer Wong Pakshong

REGISTERED OFFICE

1 Pickering Street 

#16-01 Great Eastern Centre

Singapore 048659

Telephone: (65) 6248 2000

Facsimile: (65) 6438 3889

Website: www.greateasternlife.com

Email: wecare-sg@greateasternlife.com

SHARE REGISTRAR

M &amp; C Services Private Limited

112 Robinson Road #05-01

Singapore 068902

Telephone: (65) 6228 0505

AUDITOR

Ernst &amp; Young LLP

One Raffles Quay 

North Tower, Level 18

Singapore 048583

Partner In Charge: Shekaran Krishnan

(since financial year 2018)




GREAT EASTERN HOLDINGS LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)

(Company Reg. No. 199903008M)

1 Pickering Street #01-01

Great Eastern Centre

Singapore 048659

Tel : +65 6248 2000   

Fax: +65 6532 2214

Website: www.greateasternlife.com

E-mail: wecare-sg@greateasternlife.com


GR E AT E A S TE R N  H O L D IN GS L IM IT E D                                ANNUAL REPORT 2019

