
1

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED 2021

Message from our Board Of Directors 03  Corporate Profile 05  About this Report 07  Our Approach to Sustainability 16 

Material Topic Disclosures 21  Social Impact 36  Independent Assurance Statement 39 GRI Content Index 42   


2

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

03 Message from our Board  

of Directors

05 About this Report

 

Board Statement 

 

Reporting Framework

 

Reporting Scope and Period

 

External Assurance

 

Access

 

Feedback

07  About GYP Properties

 

Company	Profile

 

At a Glance

 

Sustainability Governance

 

External Initiatives and Memberships

16 

Our Approach to Sustainability

 

Sustainability Strategy 

 

Stakeholder Engagement

 

Materiality Assessment 

 

21 

Material Topic Disclosures 

Economic

 

Economic Performance

 

Anti-Corruption

Environmental

 

Emissions

 

Environmental Compliance

Social

 

Employment

 

Occupational Health and Safety

 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

 

Customer Health and Safety

 

Customer Privacy

 

Socioeconomic Compliance

 

36 Social Impact

39 Independent Assurance Statement

42 GRI Content Index 

CONTENTS






3

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Message from our  

Board of Directors

Dear Stakeholders,

This last financial year has been the most significant year yet for business sustainability. 

The pandemic has served as a wake-up call to the interconnections between people 

and planet, and the need to build the foundation for resilience. With that, the use of an 

Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) lens has risen to new heights, with regulators 

looking to implement enhanced reporting requirements and investors demanding for 

greater disclosure of ESG information. 

In August 2021, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (“IPCC”) published its 

Sixth Assessment Report, Climate Change 2021, which states that “it is unequivocal that 

human influence has warmed the atmosphere, oceans and land.” Deemed a “code red 

for humanity” by the United Nations Chief, the IPCC Report emphasises that human activity 

is changing the climate in unprecedented and sometimes irreversible ways, and that the 

emissions reductions required are immediate and large scale. 

As the Board of Directors of GYP Properties, it is our fiduciary responsibility to promote long 

term value, and manage long term risks. With the fundamental shift in finance, climate 

risk has now become investment risk, and ESG Issues have become a mainstream board 

priority. ESG issues now figure in our decision making processes as buildings generate 

nearly 40% of annual global greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions. To effect change in 

our value chain and achieve ESG targets; our focus is firstly, improving ESG performance 

as a strategy issue as opposed to purely a compliance issue; and secondly, making 

sustainability a normal part of each business function. 


4

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Andrew Tay Gim Chuan 

Chairman

Stanley Tan Poh Leng 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pang Yoke Min 

Director

Mah Bow Tan 

Deputy Chairman

Ng Tiong Gee  

Director

Loo Wen Lieh 

Director

14 October 2021

Our procurement practices factor sustainability into purchasing decisions; our project 

development team considers the environmental impact of the design and how projects 

are built; our project management team considers the 360 degree impact of buildings; 

and finance as a steward of capital, invests to enable these changes. Equally important 

to this strategy is the Group’s drive to remain profitable to fulfil our obligations to all 

stakeholders, whilst not at the expense of planet and people. As with many businesses 

around the world, Covid-19 has caused disruptions to our operations and increased costs 

across our core business functions. Despite this, we have maintained our momentum in 

improving the Group’s ESG performance.

This year, the Group has sought to strengthen our foundation for sustainability by 

implementing a number of key initiatives – corporate governance has been reinforced 

through robust group policies; external assurance has been introduced to enhance the 

quality, reliability and accuracy of this report; information about sustainability efforts 

are requested in our property development tenders; and the Group has appointed a 

Communications and Sustainability Director. In August 2021, the Board established a new 

Board Committee for sustainability to strengthen our commitment towards ESG performance 

and provide leadership as we look forward to continue contributing value to our stakeholders 

in this changing and challenging landscape. Published annually, this Sustainability Report is 

an essential management tool to identify and mitigate risk, and includes detailed information 

about issues material to our business in order to keep our stakeholders up to date. 

As global climate action picks up speed in light of renewed climate urgency, there 

is a greater need to embrace sustainable supply chain management to manage 

organisational risks and enhance operational efficiency. These are key areas that we look 

to improve into the future, and the Group is committed to deepening our sustainability 

performance as we embark on this journey. We thank all our stakeholders for your support, 

and wish you all the very best in the year to come.






5

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

BOARD STATEMENT

This is the fourth Sustainability Report published by GYP 

Properties Limited (“GYP Properties”, “GYPP”, “the Group”, “the 

Company”). This report is set out on a “comply or explain” basis 

in accordance with the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Rules 711A and 711B, and Practice 

Note 7.6 of the Listing Manual. In addition to disclosing the 

Group’s impact on the economy, the environment and society; 

sustainability reporting has become an essential tool for Board 

decision-making and strategic formulation. As sustainability is 

a key component of the Company’s wider strategy to create 

long-term value for our stakeholders, the Group is committed 

to continuous improvement. The material topic disclosures and 

relevant policies and goals for the Group have been identified 

by management and approved by the Board of Directors, which 

oversees the management and monitoring of these material 

ESG factors, takes them into consideration in the determination 

of the Group’s strategic direction, and approves the Group’s 

Sustainability Report. In August 2021, a Board Sustainability 

Committee was formed to provide leadership, as well as 

increase accountability. 

 

REPORTING FRAMEWORK

This Sustainability Report has been prepared in accordance 

with the GRI Standards: Core option. The Group has chosen 

the GRI Standards as it is an internationally recognised 

framework, which enhances comparability and acceptance. 

Issued by the Global Sustainability Standards Board, the 

GRI Standards provides businesses and organisations a 

framework to measure, understand and communicate critical 

sustainability issues on environmental, economic and social 

impact to stakeholders. The Group has applied GRI’s reporting 

principles 

of 

stakeholder 

inclusiveness, 

sustainability 

context, materiality, completeness, accuracy, balance, clarity, 

comparability, reliability and timeliness in preparing this 

report. In accordance with the GRI Standards, a GRI Content 

Index is included at the end of this report for a summary of all 

disclosures reported and their relevant page numbers. From 

time to time, we may also look to additional frameworks for 

reference, such as the SASB Standards by the Sustainability 

Accounting Standards Board (“SASB”) that provides industry-

specific financially material issues. The report aligns with the 

United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (“SDGs”), and 

the preparation of our greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions 

inventory uses the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and 

Reporting Standard. 

ABOUT 

THIS REPORT




6

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

REPORTING SCOPE AND PERIOD

The reporting period is prepared based on the Group’s financial 

year, which covers 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021. This report covers 

sustainability performance across the Group, which includes 

our wholly-owned subsidiaries in Singapore and New Zealand, 

and our businesses in property investment, development and 

management. In-scope properties include development projects: 

Remarkables Residences (Queenstown) and Bellfield Estate 

(Auckland); retail property: Pakuranga Plaza (Auckland); and head 

office and leasehold property: Braddell House (Singapore). All 

entities included in the Group’s consolidated financial statements 

have been included in this report – please refer to pages 136 to 

137 of our 2021 Annual Report for details of these entities. To 

better understand our sustainability strategy and performance, 

we encourage stakeholders to refer to previous Sustainability 

Reports, which can be found on our corporate website. The 

most recent previous report was published on 28 October 2020. 

Please refer to the section “Access” for more information.

EXTERNAL ASSURANCE

This Report is externally assured to validate the accuracy and 

reliability of its content. CSRWorks was engaged to provide 

independent limited assurance of this Report using the AA1000 

Assurance Standards v3 against the latest GRI Standards for 

sustainability reporting. The assurance, including the scope 

of work and conclusions, can be found in the Independent 

Assurance Statement on pages 39 to 41, which forms part of 

the Sustainability Report in accordance with the GRI Standards. 

The Group’s GHG emissions data is also reviewed annually by 

NZ-based organisation, Ekos, for its Carbon Friendly certification.  

ACCESS

As part of our efforts to reduce our environmental footprint, 

no hard copies of this Sustainability Report have been printed. 

You may visit the SGX website or the Investor Centre at www.

gypproperties.com to access current and previous editions of 

our Sustainability Reports.

FEEDBACK

We welcome and value feedback from our stakeholders as it 

enables us to improve our policies, processes and performance, 

as well as enhance the accuracy, completeness and coverage of 

our reporting. We welcome your views, which may be directed to 

sustainability@gypproperties.com.




7

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

COMPANY PROFILE

Listed on the Singapore Exchange in 2004, GYP Properties 

Limited (“GYPP”) is a real estate company with assets 

under management of S$163.8 million as at 30 June 2021. 

Headquartered in Singapore, the Group has offices in 

Singapore and New Zealand. With our vision of being an 

industry leader that delivers projects that owners and users 

value, the Group focuses on driving financial performance and 

sustained growth for our stakeholders, by embracing long-

term value creation. 

Following property sales in FY2021, the Group has a portfolio 

of  296,250 sqm  of land, comprising commercial, retail and 

residential assets. GYPP leverages Singapore’s innovative 

development experience by combining expertise in multi-

layered hubs and community living, with New Zealand’s 

strong consideration for materials and the environment. Our 

residential projects in New Zealand include Remarkables 

Residences in Queenstown and Bellfield Estate in Auckland. 

The Group also has two managed properties – Pakuranga Plaza 

in Auckland and Braddell House in Singapore – in addition to a 

mixed-use development site in Pakuranga, Auckland.

Recognising that contributing to sustainable development 

is critical for business viability, the Group is a member of the 

Singapore Green Building Council and a signatory of the United 

Nations Global Compact’s Ten Principles. Since FY2019, GYPP 

has achieved climate neutrality for Scopes 1 and 2 operating 

emissions, and has achieved 100% green energy sourcing 

for our Singapore property since FY2020. As a real estate 

developer, we are passionate about building inclusive and safe 

communities and in 2019, we launched “Gift of Home”, a social 

impact programme with a focus on addressing homelessness.  

ABOUT 

GYP PROPERTIES




8

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

* Excluded non-cash fair value loss on investment properties of S$2.7 million 

Note: Market capitalisation is based on the closing share price on 30 June 2021. Shares issued (excluding treasury shares) are 274.9 million 

as at 30 June 2021.

 

S$71.6M

Net 

Assets

S$36.8M

MARKET

CAP

S$46.9M 

R E V E N U E

S$7.1M 

 

S$4.7

4.7M

*

*

*

ADJUSTED

PROFIT  

AFTER  

TAX

6.54%

Adjusted Return on Equity

S $163.8

163.8M

P R O P E R T Y  P O R T F O L I O  S I Z E

A D J U S T E D 

E B I T D A


9

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Organisational Goals 

Actions

To be an effective, transparent and 

accountable organisation.

As a public-listed company on the Singapore Exchange, we strive to uphold high 

standards in corporate governance and business ethics, and we target zero non-

compliance. We continue to strengthen our property portfolio and work towards providing 

value to our investors; continually assessing and addressing potential market risks. The 

Group is a signatory to the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact and has 

Group mechanisms and policies in place to communicate and manage our commitment 

to anti-corruption, including our Anti-Corruption Policy, Anti-Corruption Compliance 

Commitment, Policy on Conflict of Interest, Fraud Risk Management Framework, Internal 

Code of Securities Dealings, Whistleblowing Policy and Supplier Code of Practice 

(formerly “Responsible Supplier Commitment”).

To promote inclusive employment, 

decent work and safe working 

environments in our organisation and 

supply chain.

We maintain a policy of providing equal opportunities to all our employees and believe 

that attracting, developing and retaining a diverse workforce is important to operate 

successfully. GYPP has endorsed the Employers’ Pledge of Fair Employment Practices, 

an initiative by the Tripartite Alliance for Fair &amp; Progressive Employment Practices. Health 

and safety are of utmost importance to us – GYPP is diligent in following the relevant 

codes and management systems for health and safety, and we require suppliers to ensure 

safe working environments for their workers.

To develop quality buildings 

that minimise environmental 

degradation; foster inclusive and safe 

communities; and promote resource 

and energy efficiency.

We strive to always uphold high-quality planning, design and construction that result in 

desirable communities. We adhere to environmental regulations and target zero non-

compliance. The Group supports the precautionary approach to managing risks and 

protecting the environment across our value chain, which means that where there are 

threats of serious or irreversible damage, lack of full scientific certainty is not used as a 

reason for postponing cost-effective measures to prevent environmental degradation. 

The Group is committed to reducing our environmental footprint and we encourage 

responsible practices and use of resources among our suppliers and tenants. In FY2020, 

the Group introduced our Supplier Code of Practice, which is a Code of Conduct we 

require of our suppliers and their supply chains. GYPP is certified Carbon Friendly 

with Ekos and uses a combination of certified carbon credits and Renewable Energy 

Certificates in our carbon management strategy.

To build a company that has a 

pronounced social core and engaged 

employees, through supporting 

communities and social causes.

The Group identifies opportunities to support local and other vulnerable communities 

through donations, fundraising activities, volunteering and gifts in kind. We seek 

to address the inequalities faced by these communities and work with passionate 

organisations to help achieve shared goals. In FY2019, we launched our keystone 

programme, “Gift of Home”, to contribute towards addressing homelessness. In 

partnership with Singapore non-profit organisation billionBricks; for every home GYPP 

sells, the Group donates an innovative weatherHYDE shelter to a displaced or homeless 

family in the region.

Figure 1: The Group’s organisational goals and corresponding actions are summarised in the table above.


10

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

INVESTMENT

ACQUISITION

PROPERTY 

DEVELOPMENT

OUR VALUE CHAIN

Figure 2: The Group’s value chain includes primary and support activities, carried out by in-house and external parties#.

GYPP’s business activities involve property investment, development and management. In FY2021, there have been no significant 

changes to the Group’s size, structure, ownership or supply chain. The following figure describes the full range of activities carried 

out by the group to create value for stakeholders.

CONSTRUCTION

Deal sourcing

Deal structuring

Financing

Research

Business planning

Consultant team 

formation

Design#

Permits / approvals#

Marketing#

Pre-sales / pre-leasing#

Procurement# 

Site development#

Foundations#

Building construction#

Site restoration#

Project management

Marketing#

Sales / leasing#

After sales# 

Tenant relations

Building / facilities 

management

Leasing#

Marketing

Customer service

Cleaning services#

Security#

SALES &amp; 

LEASING

PROPERTY 

MANAGEMENT




11

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

At GYPP, we are committed to continuously challenging 

ourselves on our sustainability journey and improving our 

business practices and management. The Group firmly 

believes that good corporate governance is a critical 

requirement for building trust with stakeholders. As such, 

the Board and management of GYPP regularly validate our 

business processes to strive for best practices across the 

Group’s operations. We believe that conducting business 

with integrity and commitment at all levels and establishing a 

transparent, accountable and equitable system increases the 

value of the Company and its value to our shareholders. For 

more information about our corporate governance and Board 

of Directors, please refer to our 2021 Annual Report as follows: 

• Our Board and its Committees, pages 31 to 33, 38; 

• Corporate Governance Reports, pages 40 to 53; 

• Our nomination and selection processes, pages 44 to 45; 

• Processes to ensure conflicts of interest are avoided and 

managed, and how they are disclosed, pages 40, 49 to 50; 

• Conflicts of interest disclosures for:

• Cross-board memberships, undisclosed; 

• Cross-shareholding with suppliers and other 

stakeholders, no such cross-shareholding;

• Existing of controlling shareholder, page 143 to 144;

• Related parties, page 132 and 141;

• Process for determining remuneration, page 46;

• Remuneration policies for the Board of Directors and senior 

executives, pages 47 to 48; and

• Related party disclosures, page 132.

GYPP’s sustainability governance forms an integrated part of the 

Group’s overall corporate governance and aims to ensure the 

Group’s commitments to its stakeholder groups. In FY2018, a 

Management Sustainability Committee was set up to improve 

our sustainability performance and strengthen the Group’s 

direction, and our Corporate Marketing function was expanded 

to include responsibility for Sustainability. In our efforts to adopt a 

business-wide approach to sustainability, in July 2021 the Group 

appointed a Communications &amp; Sustainability Director. In August 

2021, a Board Sustainability Committee was formed to provide 

leadership, as well as increase accountability. This committee 

will supersede the Management Sustainability Committee 

as the management team reports to the Board Sustainability 

Committee to provide updates on ESG related activities and 

impact areas. The Group seeks to minimise and safeguard 

potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance 

and license to operate, and where relevant, implements suitable 

measures to control and mitigate identified risks.

The Board Sustainability Committee has oversight for the 

Group’s sustainability vision, mission, strategy, framework, 

policies, practices and initiatives. Significant risks and impact 

areas identified are also assessed, managed and monitored 

within the Group’s risk management framework. In GYPP’s 

Enterprise Risk Management Framework, the management 

team implements specific objectives, strategies, guidelines 

and day-to-day risk management activities, as well as makes 

recommendations to the Board. The Board has overall 

responsibility to ensure accurate financial reporting for the 

Group, as well as effectiveness of internal controls. The latter 

includes financial, operational, compliance and IT controls, 

as well as risk management policies and systems. The Audit 

Committee assists the Board by providing oversight of risk 

management and reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of 

the Group’s risk management systems and internal controls. 

Additionally, the Audit Committee also reports to the Board on 

any matters under its purview and makes recommendations 

where appropriate. 

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE 




12

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Board of Directors

Audit Committee

Managment

Sustainability 

Committee

Property 

Development

Property 

Management  

SG

Finance, 

HR &amp; IT

Property 

Management  

NZ

Communications 

&amp; Sustainability

Figure 3: The Group’s sustainability governance structure.

With the Board as the Group’s highest governance body, reports 

are regularly disseminated and meetings are held as required to 

develop and enhance the collective knowledge of sustainability 

issues. Performance criteria in renumeration policies for the 

Board and senior executives are not currently explicitly attached 

to environmental and social objectives; nevertheless, as a Group 

we believe that sustainability needs to be embedded at the 

core of what our business does, with all areas of the business 

engaged. 


13

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

UNITED NATIONS SUSTAINABLE 

DEVELOPMENT GOALS  

In 2015, all 193 Member States of the United Nations adopted 

a plan to achieve a better future for all. The 17 Sustainable 

Development Goals (“SDGs”) and 232 related indicators are 

the United Nation’s blueprint for a more sustainable future 

and focuses on ending poverty, protecting the planet and 

ensuring that all people enjoy peace and prosperity by 2030. 

As business cannot thrive in a world of poverty, inequality, 

unrest and environmental stress; it is our vital interest that the 

2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development is delivered. As 

such, the Group uses the 17 SDGs as a guide to ensure that 

as an organisation, we are doing our part to contribute towards 

this global vision. For more information about which SDGs the 

Group contributes to advancing, please refer to the section, 

“Material Topic Disclosures” in this report.

UNITED NATIONS GLOBAL  

COMPACT

The United Nations (“UN”) Global Compact asks companies to 

embrace, support and enact a set of core values in the areas 

of human rights, labour standards, the environment and anti-

corruption. GYP Properties is a signatory to the Ten Principles 

of the UN Global Compact and this document serves as our 

Communication on Progress. The Ten Principles of the UN Global 

Compact are derived from the Universal Declaration of Human 

Rights, the International Labour Organisation’s declaration on 

Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, the Rio Declaration 

on Environment and Development, and the United Nations 

Convention Against Corruption. We are committed to meeting 

these fundamental responsibilities and to adopt these principles 

as the foundation of our corporate values.

EXTERNAL INITIATIVES AND MEMBERSHIPS 





































Below are externally-developed initiatives to which the Group subscribes and endorses.


14

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

HUMAN RIGHTS 

Principle 1: 

Businesses should support and respect the protection of 

internationally proclaimed human rights; and 

Principle 2: 

make sure that they are not complicit in human rights abuses. 

LABOUR

 

Principle 3: 

Businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the 

effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining; 

Principle 4: 

the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour; 

Principle 5: 

the effective abolition of child labour; and 

Principle 6: 

the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and 

occupation. 

ENVIRONMENT 

Principle 7: 

Businesses should support a precautionary approach to 

environmental challenges; 

Principle 8: 

undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental 

responsibility; and 

Principle 9: 

encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally 

friendly technologies. 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

Principle 10: 

Businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, 

including extortion and bribery. 

EMPLOYERS’ PLEDGE OF FAIR  

EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES 

In 2019, GYPP endorsed the Employer’s Pledge of Fair 

Employment Practices, which signals the Group’s commitment 

to be fair and abide by the Tripartite Guidelines on Fair 

Employment Practices.

The Tripartite Guidelines on Fair Employment Practices, 

formulated by the Tripartite Alliance for Fair and Progressive 

Employment Practices, sets out fair employment practices 

for adoption by employers and is supported by the Singapore 

Ministry of Manpower, the National Trades Union Congress 

and the Singapore National Employers Federation. The five 

principles of Fair Employment Practices are: 

1. Recruit and select employees on the basis of merit (such as 

skills, experience or ability to perform the job), and regardless 

of age, race, gender, religion, marital status and family 

responsibilities, or disability. 

2. Treat employees fairly and with respect and implement 

progressive human resource management systems. 

3. Provide employees with equal opportunity to be considered for 

training and development based on their strengths and needs to 

help them achieve their full potential. 

4. Reward employees fairly based on their ability, performance, 

contribution and experience. 

5. Abide by labour laws and adopt the Tripartite Guidelines on 

Fair Employment Practices. 

BUSINESSES AGAINST SHARK FIN

In 2017, Singapore was identified as the world's second-largest 

trader of shark fins. While sharks are apex predators and play 

a crucial role in maintaining the health of marine ecosystems, 

shark populations are being decimated by overfishing, with both 

targeted and incidental catches contributing to fishery decline. 

According to the International Union for the Conservation of 

Nature (“IUCN”), 37% of the world’s sharks and rays are now 

threatened with extinction. To do our part to protect sharks and 

show our support for responsible corporate dining policies, 

the Group is a signatory of the WWF-Singapore Businesses 

Against Shark Fin pledge and has in place a companywide ban 

that prohibits the procurement of shark fins and other shark 

products at both internal and hosted events. 




15

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

EKOS CARBON FRIENDLY   

CERTIFICATION

GYPP is certified Carbon Friendly with New Zealand social 

enterprise Ekos, and uses a combination of carbon credits 

and Renewable Energy Certificates (“RECs”) in our carbon 

management strategy. GYPP has achieved this certification 

by offsetting 228.61 metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent 

(“tCO2e”) of our scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions. Carbon credits 

purchased by the Group through Ekos create self-sustaining 

forest carbon projects that are certified, and projects are 

developed to deliver additional environmental and social 

benefits to communities, such as improving water quality, 

resilience to erosion, sustainable incomes and gender 

equality. Carbon credits purchased by the Group fund forest 

conservation efforts in the Pacific Islands that create measured, 

reported and verified carbon benefits. Revenue from the sale 

of these carbon credits helps fund the establishment of these 

forest carbon projects, forest conservation services within 

these project areas such as pest and weed control, as well 

as replacing lost income from the landowner that would have 

come from farming or logging the same land.  

SINGAPORE GREEN BUILDING 

COUNCIL

GYP Properties is a member of the Singapore Green Building 

Council (“SGBC”), a non-profit organisation that forges 

public-private partnerships to foster innovative industry 

solutions across the entire building and construction value 

chain. Through its green building product and green building 

services labelling programmes, SGBC sets high standards 

and benchmarks for green building solutions both locally 

and regionally to help build more sustainable cities for better 

living. As Singapore’s representative on the World Green 

Building Council, SGBC actively contributes to the global green 

building movement by sharing expertise and knowledge during 

international conferences and events.

SINGAPORE BUSINESS  

 

FEDERATION

The Group is a member of the Singapore Business Federation, 

the apex business chamber championing the interests of the 

Singapore business community in the areas of trade, investment 

and industrial relations. It represents 27,000 companies, as well 

as key local and foreign business chambers. The federation 

serves three key functions: the bridge between Singapore’s 

business community and the Government; the business 

community’s representative in building bilateral, regional and 

multi-lateral relationships; and a key provider of capability-

building initiatives and services for Singapore businesses.






16

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

SUSTAINABILITY  

 

 

STRATEGY 

GYP Properties believes in adopting a business-wide approach 

to sustainability. From risk management to operational efficiency 

and business growth – sustainability drives the business forward 

by increasingly helping to protect companies’ license to operate, 

save costs, recruit and retain talent, drive innovation and open 

up new markets. By actively addressing sustainability issues, we 

seek to better manage risks and drive long term growth, however, 

as sustainability cannot be isolated in a single function, the 

Group’s strategy is to work on embedding sustainability across 

every part of the business. We have created clear outlines 

around expectations of staff and suppliers, and our aim is to 

enhance sustainability through areas such as staff sustainability 

training, improved standard operating procedures and executive 

compensation. As the materiality of ESG impacts play a critical 

role in the prioritisation of issues and subsequent deployment 

of resources to drive performance, stakeholder engagement 

remains a significant key to defining our sustainability strategy. 

The Group’s methodology for addressing ESG factors starts 

with the Group’s business goals and assessing our value and 

supply chains to evaluate current or potential business impacts. 

We reference industry guides, such as GRI’s Construction and 

Real Estate Sector Disclosures, and SASB’s Standards that 

provide industry-specific financially material issues. To inform 

the prioritisation of focus areas, the Group engages with our 

stakeholders to determine their level of materiality. Material 

topics reflect the Group’s significant economic, environmental 

and social impacts or topics substantively influencing the 

assessments and decisions of stakeholders. GYPP sets targets 

and strategies are established and implemented for these 

material topics. GYPP collects appropriate data and conducts 

regular reporting to monitor our progress. The Group also reviews 

the performance of other industry players in order to enable 

further learning and improvement. The Group’s methodology 

to assess and execute our sustainability practices allows us to 

identify key issues and put into place consistent and meaningful 

reporting for more reliable tracking and understanding. A visual 

representation of the Group’s methodology can be found in the 

next figure.

OUR APPROACH 

TO SUSTAINABILITY

ESG METHODOLOGY 

Figure 4: The Group’s internal framework to address ESG factors. 

SET TARGETS

EVALUATE VALUE 

CHAIN

ORGANISATIONAL 

GOALS

IMPLEMENT 

STRATEGY

REFERENCE 

INDUSTRY 

GUIDANCE

COLLECT DATA

ENGAGE 

STAKEHOLDERS

REPORT

ASSESS 

MATERIALITY

PREVIEW 

INDUSTRY 

PLAYERS


17

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



This Sustainability Report draws upon the outcomes of stakeholder engagement processes conducted by the Group in its ongoing 

activities. In identifying our stakeholders, the Group recognises the importance of staying alert to ESG risks and opportunities in our 

supply chain. We have factored in a broad range of ESG-related factors including, for example, “red flags” suggestive of bribery or 

corruption, and environmentally damaging practices of upstream producers in the analysis of our supply chain.

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Figure 5: The Group’s supply chain, including both upstream and downstream activities.

SUPPLIERS

TRANSPORTATION

BUILDERS

SALES &amp; 

LEASING

PURCHASERS,

TENANTS,

VISITORS

In order to engage with our stakeholders and understand issues important to them and our business, both formal and informal 

channels of communication are used. In addition to the stakeholders identified in our supply chain, GYPP’s key stakeholders include 

government agencies and regulators; shareholders; local communities; consultants, industry and non-profit organisations; banks; 

our Board of Directors; and employees. The next figure provides a summary of our stakeholder groups and engagement activities. 


18

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

STAKEHOLDER MAPPING &amp; ENGAGEMENT

Key Stakeholder Groups

Communication goal

Frequency of 

communication

Means of communication

Communication topics

Employees

Enhance business 

performance, and 

recruit and retain talent

Regular

Meetings, emails, corporate 

updates, phone calls, 

company events, group 

documents, staff appraisals, 

annual survey

Human resource 

management and 

Group operations and 

updates

Board of Directors

Improve governance 

and develop Group 

direction

Quarterly and as 

required

Board meetings, informal 

meetings, emails, annual 

survey, board papers, 

company events

Corporate governance 

and strategy, risks and 

performance

Government agencies 

and regulators

Ensure alignment with 

national objectives

As required

Meetings, emails, phone 

calls, Annual &amp; Sustainability 

Reports, corporate 

announcements

Corporate governance 

and opportunities for 

collaboration

Shareholders

Maintain shareholder 

satisfaction

Annually and as 

required

Annual General Meetings, 

Extraordinary General 

Meetings, Annual &amp; 

Sustainability Reports, 

corporate announcements, 

website, emails, social media, 

annual survey

Group performance 

and corporate updates

Purchasers, tenants  

and  visitors

Ensure satisfaction 

with products and 

services

As required

Meetings, emails, campaigns, 

launch events, social media, 

website, posters

Quality, design, 

conditions, safety, 

amenities and services, 

sale/leasing of 

properties, materials 

and waste management

Local communities

Improve well-being of 

our local communities

As required

Meetings, emails, 

campaigns, social media, 

website

Safety, noise, project 

development and 

events

Consultants, builders 

and suppliers

Foster teamwork and 

deepen collaboration 

to promote learning, 

innovation and 

improvement across 

material impact areas 

Regular

Meetings, emails,  phone 

calls, website, Annual &amp; 

Sustainability Reports, data 

collection, official protocols 

such as tendering processes 

and vendor assessments

Commercial 

opportunities and 

operations

Industry and Non-profit 

organisations

Contribute to industry 

and non-profit interests

Quarterly and as 

required

Meetings, emails, phone 

calls, website, Annual &amp; 

Sustainability Reports, 

corporate announcements, 

social media, event 

attendance

Industry priorities, 

social impact and 

environmental goals 

Banks

Financing activities

Regular

Meetings, emails, phone 

calls, website, Annual &amp; 

Sustainability Reports, 

corporate announcements, 

social media

Business and 

development 

performance and 

opportunities

Media

Global, national 

and industry plans, 

priorities and 

sentiments

Regular

Media monitoring

Social, environmental, 

governance and 

economic.

Figure 6: The Group’s stakeholder groups and engagement activities. 


19

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

High Priority

Medium to High Priority

Board

Economic performance

Environmental compliance

Materials

Occupational health &amp; safety

Procurement practices

Energy

Diversity &amp; equal opportunity

Labour/management relations

Team

Environmental compliance

Materials

Economic performance

Market presence

Procurement practices

Emissions

Labour/management relations

Shareholders

Economic performance

Environmental compliance 

Energy

Occupational health &amp; safety

Suppliers

Economic performance

Employment

Environmental compliance

Energy

Materials

Occupational health &amp; safety

Labour/management relations

Figure 7: Stakeholder groups surveyed and their key topics and concerns. 



Once a year, GYPP conducts a sustainability survey as part of the report preparation process to engage select stakeholder groups 

around sustainability issues and ensure ongoing relevance. These groups include our Board of Directors, employees, shareholders, 

and this year, suppliers. The key topics that have been included in past sustainability reports and which continue to be identified as 

high priorities by stakeholders include Economic Performance, Environmental Compliance and Occupational Health and Safety. A 

topic that has been identified by our suppliers to be of high priority and subsequently included in this year’s report is Employment. 

A topic that has been identified as a high priority by stakeholders but not included in this year’s report due to lack of available data 

is Materials – we endeavour to include this in future reports. The figure below provides a breakdown of the key topics and concerns 

identified by stakeholders during our annual sustainability survey.


20

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

As a result of evaluating our business impacts from various perspectives – including observing regulatory requirements; considering 

our business goals; analysing our value chain; researching sector specific key issues; engaging with our stakeholders; considering 

the company’s size and where we are on our sustainability journey; and considering our contributions to the UN Sustainable 

Development Goals and other external initiatives and memberships. These topics either reflect the Group’s significant economic, 

environmental and social impacts or substantively influence the assessments and decisions of stakeholders. The following figure 

provides a summary of the Group’s key issues, material topics, their corresponding topic boundaries, and relevant UN Sustainable 

Development Goals. Topic Boundaries are a description of where the impacts occur for a material topic. “Internal” describes when the 

Group contributes to the impacts through our own activities, and “external” describes when the Group contributes to the impacts as 

a result of our business relationships with other entities. ents and decisions of stakeholders. The following figure provides a summary 

of the Group’s key issues, material topics, their corresponding topic boundaries, and relevant UN Sustainable Development Goals. 

Topic Boundaries are a description of where the impacts occur for a material topic. “Internal” describes when the Group contributes 

to the impacts through our own activities, and “external” describes when the Group contributes to the impacts as a result of our 

business relationships with other entities. 

Business Area 

Key Issues 

Material Topics

UN Sustainable 

Development Goals

Property 

Development

- Transparency and anti-

corruption

- Quality of planning, design 

and construction

- Environmental stewardship

- Workers' rights and 

occupational health and 

safety

■ GRI 201: Economic performance

■ GRI 205: Anti-corruption

■ GRI 305: Emissions

■ GRI 307: Environmental 

compliance

■ GRI 403: Occupational health and 

safety

■ GRI 405: Diversity and equal 

opportunity

■ GRI 416: Customer health and 

safety

■ GRI 418: Customer privacy

■ GRI 419: Socioeconomic 

compliance

■ Social impact

Property 

Management

- Transparency and anti-

corruption

- Health, safety and well-

being of occupants

- Treatment of tenants and 

communities

- Workers' rights and 

occupational health and 

safety

- Environmental stewardship

Topic Boundary:     ■  Internal 

■ Internal &amp; External 

Figure 8: Summary of key issues and material topics identified by the Group.























Corporate Governance 

Environmental 

Social


21

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Since 2019, stakeholders have consistently indicated 

Economic Performance to be a topic of medium to high, or 

high materiality. Economic performance underpins the Group’s 

ability to conduct business, provide jobs, positively impact 

our communities and create value for our stakeholders. This 

impact area occurs within the organisation, as a direct result 

of business operations. GYPP’s business activities involve 

property investment, development and management. To better 

understand the Group’s business model, please refer to our 

value chain included in the section ‘Company Profile’. 

GYPP has a lean and dynamic management team with diverse 

skills across our Singapore and Auckland offices. To drive 

and implement GYPP’s business strategy, the management 

team holds regular meetings to set out strategies, update on 

performance and discuss challenges. Since FY2020, the Group 

has increasingly adopted a virtual approach to collaboration 

due to Covid-19 restrictions requiring staff to work from home, 

as well as the inability to cross borders. The Chief Executive 

Officer bears executive responsibility for the Group’s business 

direction and operational decisions; and property projects are 

reviewed regularly to respond to changing market conditions. 

Quarterly Board meetings led by the Board Chairman are held 

to discuss economic performance and the effectiveness of 

the management approach, including the performance of 

each business unit and development project. The purpose of 

the Group’s management approach is to enhance business 

returns for stakeholders while mitigating risks. Where concerns 

are raised by the Board, these are addressed as soon as 

practicable. 

In the wake of Covid-19 and subsequent disruptions to 

construction, retail and office leasing; the Group earned 

revenue of S$46.9 million, up S$38.3 million from S$8.6 million 

last year, due mainly to the recognition of completion of sales 

of Stage One townhouses of Remarkables Residences in 

Queenstown, New Zealand. Excluding non-cash unrealised 

fair value loss of S$2.7 million on our investment properties 

and unrealised foreign exchange gains of S$1.8 million, the 

Group would have posted an adjusted S$2.8 million net profit 

for FY2021. Following the close of the financial year, the Group 

has announced that Stage Three of Bellfield Estate in Auckland, 

New Zealand will soon be on the market. While Covid-19 has 

caused delays in construction and titles being issued, our 

business strategy remains on track. For more information 

about our economic performance this year, please refer to the 

following pages in our 2021 Annual Report: 

• Chairman’s Letter, pages 9 and 10;

• CEO’s Message, page 15;

• Key Figures, page 27; 

• Financial Review, pages 28 to 29; and 

• Financial Statements, pages 64 to 137.

With government assistance packages available, financial 

assistance received by the Group include:

a. Tax relief and tax credits, page 91 of our 2021 Annual Report 

(Singapore tax incentives of S$64,000);

b. Subsidies, page 88 of our 2021 Annual Report (Singapore 

Jobs Support Scheme of S$85,000, New Zealand Wage 

Subsidy Scheme of S$33,000); and

c. Investment grants, research and development grants, and 

other relevant types of grant, pages 88 and 89 of our 2021 

Annual Report (Singapore property tax rebates of S$4,000, 

Singapore Wage Credit Scheme of S$6,000, Cash grant and 

rental waiver of S$115,000, Work Life Grant of S$14,000, AGM 

facilitation grant of S$5,000, Enterprise Singapore grant of 

S$4,000).  

No awards, royalty holidays, financial assistance from Export 

Credit Agencies, financial incentives or other financial benefits 

were received by the Group; and no government is present in 

the Group’s shareholding structure.

With the global fundamental shift in business sustainability and 

finance, climate risk has now become investment risk. Climate 

change has the potential to generate substantive changes to 

our operations, revenue and expenditure; providing both risks 

and opportunities across a range of commercial impacts. 

Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (“SASB“) has 

identified “Physical Impacts of Climate Change” as a financially 

material issue to the real estate sector in its Materiality Map. 

This may include environmental or social issues that may arise 

from operational disruptions due to the physical impacts of 

climate change, such as ‘shocks’ or the inability to adapt to 

extreme weather events, including higher temperatures, rising 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE GRI 201

MATERIAL TOPIC 

DISCLOSURES




22

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

sea levels, change in rainfall patterns and greater fire risk that 

may impact the Group’s property development activities and 

investments; or transition risks as a result of changing market 

demands and climate-related government policy interventions, 

such as the implementation of carbon and energy regulations. 

Real estate is both fixed and longstanding in nature and physical 

assets must be able to provide its users with sustainable and 

resilient utility to ensure the asset remains profitable in the 

long term. Failing to adequately respond to both physical and 

transition risks may threaten company cash flows, and even lead 

to early asset write-downs and reduced property valuations. 

On the other hand, responding to these risks and investing in 

solutions adequately may prove to be a strategic competitive 

advantage, potentially also increasing brand reputation, 

reducing operational disruption, and increasing productivity 

and employee engagement. Below is a summary of potential 

business impacts brought about by climate change:

• Business model – e.g. input price rises, regulatory 

 compliance costs;

• Operational disruption and increase in operating costs – e.g. 

weather events affecting construction;

• Productivity and employee engagement – e.g. attracting and 

retaining talent, particularly millennials who feel accountable 

for social issues related to environmental protection and social 

equality (Deloitte Millennial Survey, 2017); 

• Brand reputation – e.g. consumers feeling confident about 

purchasing our products.

To manage these impacts, the Group may enhance resiliency 

of physical assets and surrounding infrastructure, as well 

as incorporate climate change-related considerations into 

business activities, such as assessing flood risk due to 

rising sea levels and planning and development of real 

estate. To improve our sustainability performance and 

assess risks and opportunities posed by climate change, in 

FY2018, our Corporate Marketing function was expanded to 

include responsibility for Sustainability and a Management 

Sustainability Committee was set up. In our efforts to adopt 

a business-wide approach to sustainability, in July 2021 

the Group appointed a Communications &amp; Sustainability 

Director. In August 2021, a Board Sustainability Committee 

was formed to provide leadership from the top down, as well 

as increase accountability (this committee will supersede the 

Management Sustainability Committee as the management 

team reports to the Board Sustainability Committee). To learn 

more about the Group’s structure and areas of oversight for 

the Board Sustainability Committee, please refer to the section, 

“Sustainability Governance”.

The Group seeks to continuously bring stakeholders 

more value with a focus on best practices and sustainable 

development, which allows us to remain attractive to our 

employees, shareholders, purchasers, tenants, visitors and 

local communities. Moving forward, we continue to focus 

on delivering business performance in a vulnerable and 

constantly changing world, with an emphasis on remaining 

nimble in these uncertain times. The Group will continue to 

drive financial performance and deliver sustained growth for 

our stakeholders by embracing long-term value creation with 

a diversified property portfolio. We continue to believe that 

New Zealand is an attractive and stable market with long-term 

growth potential. 




23

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

One of the Group’s organisational goals is to be an effective, 

transparent and accountable organisation. As a public-listed 

company on the Singapore Exchange, we strive to uphold 

high standards in corporate governance and business ethics. 

The Group is a signatory to the Ten Principles of the UN Global 

Compact and we are committed to working against corruption 

in all its forms, including extortion and bribery (Principle 10). The 

Group believes that upholding an ethos of transparency and 

compliance is critical to building trust with stakeholders and 

maintaining a strong corporate reputation. This impact occurs 

both internally and externally – through our own activities, as 

well as a result of our business relationships with other entities. 

As mentioned under “Sustainability Governance”, the Group 

has in place an Enterprise Risk Management Framework 

wherein the management team is responsible for implementing 

specific objectives, strategies, guidelines and day-to-day risk 

management activities, as well as maintenance and making 

recommendations to the Board. The Board has overall 

responsibility to ensure accurate financial reporting for the 

Group, as well as effectiveness of internal controls. The latter 

includes financial, operational, compliance and IT controls, 

as well as risk management policies and systems. The Audit 

Committee assists the Board by providing oversight of risk 

management and reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of 

the Group’s risk management systems and internal controls. 

Additionally, the Audit Committee is also responsible for 

reporting its observations to the Board on any matters under its 

purview and making recommendations where appropriate. For 

more information about the Group’s risk management, internal 

controls and the Audit Committee, please refer to pages 48 to 

50 of our 2021 Annual Report. 

Three of our operations have been assessed for risks related 

to corruption based on the segment reporting in our audited 

financial statements disclosures; these include property 

investment and management; property development; and 

others, including our Singapore head office. Using internal audit 

and management review, we assess 100% of our operations 

for risks related to corruption during each FY. There were no 

significant risks related to corruption identified through the 

risk assessment. The system of internal controls and risk 

management established by the Group provides reasonable, 

but not absolute, assurance that the Group will not be adversely 

affected by any event that can be reasonably foreseen as 

it strives to achieve its business objectives. However, the 

Board also notes that no system of internal controls and risk 

management can provide absolute assurance against the 

occurrence of material errors, poor judgement in decision-

making, human errors, losses, fraud or other irregularities. 

At all times, we aim to conduct our business with the highest 

standards of integrity and honesty. To manage our commitment 

to anti-corruption, as well as anti-corruption best practice and 

compliance requirements, the Group has in place a number of 

relevant policies and practices. All employees are signatories 

to an Anti-Corruption Compliance Commitment to educate and 

broaden awareness throughout the organisation. Our staff are 

updated with the relevant developments in international and 

local regulations, where applicable. In line with best practice 

and the Group’s Conflict of Interest Policy, the Group requires 

employees involved in a conflict of interest situation or in one 

which could potentially lead to a conflict of interest, to report 

the matter to the Company. Employees are also encouraged to 

report concerns about any unethical or unlawful behaviour or 

any actions that may put the Group’s integrity at risk. Policies 

and mechanisms for seeking advice about ethical and lawful 

behaviour are detailed in the Group’s Employee Handbook with 

blackout trading periods of the Group’s shares also observed 

before results announcements. 

To promote responsible and secure whistleblowing, the 

Group has established a Whistleblowing Policy to provide 

a mechanism for GYPP staff to report malpractices in the 

workplace to the appropriate person and for the necessary 

follow-up action to be taken. This mechanism facilitates 

malpractices being reported and dealt with in a timely and 

appropriate manner, and protects genuine whistleblowers from 

any unfair treatment as a result of their reports. As detailed in 

our Corporate Governance Policy, corporate governance 

includes openness and transparency in all our dealings with 

stakeholders; acting with care and diligence; avoiding conflicts 

of interest; and acting in good faith in the best interests of the 

Company. In FY2020, the Group introduced a Responsible 

Supplier Commitment (now, “Supplier Code of Practice”) that 

requires all new suppliers to accept and comply. The next figure 

shows a summary of mechanisms and policies in place. The 

purpose of the management approach is to mitigate risk of 

corruption within the Group, as well as the risk of becoming 

complicit in bribery, bribe solicitation and extortion.

ANTI-CORRUPTION GRI 205




24

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Governance 

Anti-Bribery and Anti-

Corruption Policy

GYPP adopts a zero-tolerance stance towards corruption and bribery. Employees are expected to 

conduct and carry themselves in a manner consistent with the values of GYPP and observe ethical 

behaviour. 

Anti-Corruption 

Compliance Commitment 

All GYPP employees are signatories to an anti-corruption compliance commitment aimed at protecting 

the Company from corruption risks, as well as educating and broadening awareness throughout the 

Group. 

Compliance Policy

Our management systems are designed to address the specific business requirements, whilst 

achieving and exceeding legal requirements and industry standards, including all compliance 

obligations and regulatory requirements, such as Singapore Exchange (“SGX”) Listing Rules. 

Conflict of Interest Policy

GYPP has a rigorous set of procedures to address any potential conflict of interest. All interested 

person transactions and situations of conflicted interest are subject to review by the Audit Committee, 

and all employees and major service providers must declare any potential conflicts of interest before 

entering into transactions. 

Corporate Governance 

Policy

GYPP is committed to sound corporate governance practices throughout the group with the objective 

of contributing to improved group performance over the long term in ways that are sensitive to 

cultural, ethical and behavioural attitudes of our stakeholders and the wider community.

Fraud Risk Management 

Framework 

GYPP has a framework that sets out the principles and approach in a robust system of controls and 

procedures to manage fraud risks. The processes identify areas exposed to fraud and ensures they 

are clearly defined and incorporated in the Risk Profile Register. 100% of the Group’s operations have 

been assessed for risks related to corruption. Significant risks related to corruption identified through 

the risk assessment include the contractor tender management process, authorised bank signatories 

and conflict of interests involving staff and/or vendors. Adequate mitigating controls to manage the 

identified risks are also documented in the Risk Profile Register and implemented by management.

Internal Code of 

Securities Dealing 

GYPP has an internal code which prohibits Directors and executives of the Group from dealing in 

its shares while in possession of unpublished material or non-public price sensitive information in 

relation to such securities and during blackout trading periods. 

Supplier Code of Practice

GYPP has a Supplier Code of Practice (previously “Responsible Supplier Commitment”) in place that 

defines the principles of ethical, social and sustainable development with which the Group adopts, 

and which we require that our suppliers and their supply chains comply. New suppliers are required to 

comply with its content and to promote compliance among its stakeholders, including its employees, 

agents, subcontractors and suppliers. The Group encourages its suppliers to set up Corporate Social 

Responsibility initiatives to take account of the social, environmental and economic impacts of their 

activities.

Whistleblowing Policy 

GYPP has a Whistleblowing Policy, which ensures that staff can raise any matters that cause them 

concern to their immediate supervisor (or in other instances, to the CEO, CFO, Corporate Marketing 

Director or the Audit Committee) with the knowledge that it would be taken seriously, be dealt with 

in the highest confidence, and be acted upon; while ensuring protection from possible reprisals and 

victimisation

The Group’s anti-corruption policies have been communicated to 

6 or 100% of the Group’s Board of Directors and 1 or 16.7% of the 

governance body received training on anti-corruption in FY2021. 

6 or 100% of the management team (3 in Singapore, 3 in New 

Zealand), and 15 or 100% of employees have signed the Group’s 

Anti-Corruption Compliance Commitment (8 in Singapore, 7 

in New Zealand). 2 or 25% of employees located in Singapore 

received training on anti-corruption in FY2021. 26 or 100% of 

Pakuranga Plaza suppliers in New Zealand have endorsed the 

Supplier Code of Practice. 12 or 50% of property development 

suppliers in New Zealand have endorsed the Supplier Code of 

Practice. No incidents of corruption have been reported and as 

a result, no employees have been dismissed or disciplined for 

corruption. No contracts with business partners were terminated 

or not renewed due to violations related to corruption. No public 

legal cases regarding corruption have been brought against GYPP 

or its employees during the reporting period. GYPP targets to 

maintain zero incidents next year and into the future. 

Figure 9: Group mechanisms and policies in place to communicate and manage our commitment to anti-corruption. 


25

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

EMISSIONS GRI 305

FY2019

FY2020

FY2021

 Total Scope 1+2+3 Emissions 

1,208.89

1,091.38

951.39

 Less: Total GHG emissions avoided (tCO2e) 

1,218.00

1,080.82

952.84

              Renewable Energy Certificates (tCO2e) 

-

767.37

724.23

              Carbon offsets (tCO2e) 

1,218.00

313.45

228.61

 Net GHG emissions (tCO2e) 

(9.11)

(10.56)

(1.45)

 Cumulative Net GHG emissions (tCO2e) 

(9.11)

1.45

0.00

Figure 10: The Group’s GHG emissions avoided through renewable energy and carbon footprint reduction instruments 

With impacts already being felt around the world, climate change is no longer a distant threat. In 2015, 195 countries signed The Paris 

Agreement, the world’s first comprehensive binding climate agreement. A key aspect of the Paris Agreement includes a commitment 

to keeping the rise in global temperature well below 2°C above pre-industrial levels, and to strive to limit this to 1.5°C. In August 2021, 

the IPCC published its Sixth Assessment Report, Climate Change 2021, which states that “it is unequivocal that human influence has 

warmed the atmosphere, oceans and land.” Deemed a “code red for humanity” by the UN Chief, the IPCC Report emphasises that 

human activity is changing the climate in unprecedented and sometimes irreversible ways, and that the emissions reductions required 

are immediate and large scale. Moreover, climate risk has now become investment risk – please refer to “Economic Performance” 

for more information about how climate change has the potential to generate substantive changes to our operations, revenue and 

expenditure. For these reasons, emissions is a material impact for GYPP and we are committed to reducing our carbon footprint. 

The Group is a signatory to the Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact; we are committed to supporting a precautionary approach 

to environmental challenges (Principle 7), undertaking initiatives to promote greater environmental responsibility (Principle 8) and 

encouraging the development and diffusion of environmentally friendly technologies (Principle 9). This impact occurs both internally 

and externally – through our own activities, as well as a result of our business relationships with other entities.

Group GHG Emissions

Buildings generate nearly 40% of annual global GHG emissions. Whilst GYP Properties is a small enterprise, we are committed to 

driving change within our sphere of influence. The Group has a decarbonisation strategy that involves:

• working with our relevant stakeholders to complete our GHG inventory; 

• reducing overall energy use; 

• increasing the proportion of renewable energy consumption; 

• and offsetting our remaining GHG emissions. 

The purpose of the management approach is to reduce the Group’s carbon footprint, continuously improve on disclosure, and 

progress towards “net zero carbon”, as defined by the World Green Building Council. The Group looks to update its management 

approach as industry approaches evolve. In preparing the Group’s carbon inventory, we have considered the guidelines stipulated in 

the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, as well as its principles of relevance, completeness, consistency, 

transparency and accuracy. The Group reports using the financial consolidation approach and the calculations in this disclosure 

include CO2 (carbon dioxide), CH4 (methane) and N20 (nitrous oxide); The global warming potential (“GWP”) rates from the Fifth 

Assessment Report (“AR5”) have been used, along with the following calculation tools and emission factors: IPCC Greenhouse Gas 

Protocol GHG Emissions Calculation Tool v2.6; Greenhouse Gas Protocol Emission Factors from Cross-Sector Tools (March 2017); 

Singapore’s Energy Market Authority, updated 28 October 2019; and New Zealand’s Ministry for the Environment, Guidance for 

Voluntary Greenhouse Gas Reporting – 2020. Location-based emissions are calculated using the average operating margin of the 

grids on which energy consumption occurs (using grid average emission factor data), even when green energy is sourced from the 

energy provider.

The following figure shows the Group’s total annual GHG emissions in metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (“tCO2e”), our GHG 

emissions avoided through renewable energy and carbon footprint reduction instruments, and our resulting net GHG emissions. 

Since FY2019, GYPP has achieved climate neutrality for Scopes 1 and 2 operating emissions, and part of Scope 3 emissions. In 

FY2020, the Group achieved 100% green energy sourcing for our Singapore managed property.






26

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

The following figure shows a breakdown of the Group’s total annual GHG emissions in metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent 

(“tCO2e”). In 2019 and 2020, emissions related to Pakuranga Plaza common areas were previously reported under Scope 3 but 

should have been in Scope 2. Emissions related to Braddell House upstream fugitive emissions were previously reported under 

Scope 2 but should have been in Scope 3. These changes have been reflected in the figures below, along with the use of the latest 

average operating margins for purchased electricity in Singapore and New Zealand.

Reducing Overall Energy Use

GYPP’s reduction plans are based on individual building targets and building managers are responsible for achieving their individual 

building targets and programmes. To achieve our goal of becoming net zero, the Group identifies energy conservation opportunities 

and energy efficiency improvements, including sourcing energy efficient equipment, where possible. Due to the lifecycle of our 

managed properties in Singapore and Auckland; with Pakuranga Plaza nearing redevelopment and Braddell House nearing its lease 

expiry, the Group has encountered challenges in pursuing aggressive programmes due to prohibitive costs. Nevertheless, the Group 

continues to see ongoing emissions reductions. Some of these reductions are attributed to the impact of Covid-19 on the Group’s 

operations, including lockdown periods, which have resulted in the partial closure of our retail centre, restrictions on access for 

commercial tenants providing non-essential services, as well as travel restrictions. The following figures show the Group’s annual 

changes in emissions due to reduction initiatives and unforeseen circumstances, as well as GHG emissions intensity ratios for 

managed properties.

GHG Emissions (tCO2e) 

FY2019

FY2020

FY2021

Scope 11

                     8.22 

                  7.83 

                   10.88 

Scope 22 

                 475.01 

              430.37 

                 395.12 

Total Scope 1+2 Emissions 

                 483.23 

              438.19 

                 406.00 

Scope 33 

                 725.66 

              653.19 

                 545.39 

Total Scope 1+2+3 Emissions 

              1,208.89 

              1,091.38 

                 951.39 

Figure 11: The Group’s Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions

1 Scope 1 Emissions are direct emissions from GYPP owned or controlled sources. This includes emissions from fuel used by our company owned vehicle 

and on-site combustion of fuel from an emergency generator at a GYPP managed property. As our emergency generator is only refuelled occasionally, 

GHG emissions are recorded in the year it is fuelled. Emissions have been calculated based on vehicle distance travelled and fuel log records. In FY2018, 

the Group was still distributing the final Yellow Pages Directories in Singapore. Our on-site emergency generator was refuelled this year, with no refuels in 

FY2019, FY2020 and FY2021. 

2 Scope 2 Emissions are indirect emissions from the generation of purchased energy for areas the Group controls/manages. This includes emissions from 

our offices and shared areas at GYPP managed properties (Braddell House and Pakuranga Plaza). Energy consumption has been obtained from our energy 

providers.

3 Scope 3 Emissions are indirect emissions from other indirect sources that occur in our value chain. This calculation includes both domestic and 

international business air travel across the Group; as well as emissions produced by tenants at GYPP’s managed property, Braddell House. Emissions 

produced by tenants at GYPP’s management property, Pakuranga Plaza have not been included in Scope 3 emissions due to lack of available data. In 

FY2020, the Group expanded our boundary to include Scope 3 emissions from hired heavy equipment used by our civil engineer during construction at 

Bellfield Estate. In FY2021, Scope 3 emissions from heavy equipment used during construction at Bellfield Estate included both owned and hired equipment. 

Emissions have been calculated based on passenger distance and class travelled, as well as fuel reports provided by our civil engineer. 

Annual Changes in Emissions (tCO2e) 

FY2019 / FY2020

FY2020 / FY2021

Scope 1+2 Emissions

(45.04)

(32.19)

Figure 12: The Group’s changes in Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions.


27

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



 GHG Intensity (kgCO2e/m²) 

FY2019

FY2020

FY2021

 Braddell House 

58.00

50.37

47.53

 Pakuranga Plaza

43.75

41.32

36.96

Figure 13: GHG emissions intensity ratios for Braddell House (total floor area) and Pakuranga Plaza (common areas only) using Scope 2 emissions.

Renewable Energy and Carbon Footprint Reduction Instruments

In Singapore, GYPP works with energy provider, Geneco (Seraya Energy) to obtain RECs from the Tradable Instruments for Global 

Renewables (“TIGRs”) Registry for Braddell House-related electricity consumption. TIGRs was launched in 2016 by APX, Inc. in 

partnership with Sunseap, Singapore’s leading solar power developer; multi-national corporate buyers; and the Solar Energy Research 

Institute of Singapore. The Group has purchased RECs for electricity consumed at Braddell House for the financial year ended FY21, 

pending issuance at the end of the calendar year. In Auckland, the Group purchases renewable energy from two providers for energy 

consumed at Pakuranga Plaza – these are Meridian Energy and Mercury Energy. Meridian Energy sources hydro, wind and sun; and 

Mercury Energy generates geothermal and hydro. Whilst 99.8% of our energy consumption for areas under our control at Pakuranga 

Plaza in FY2021 is sourced from the aforementioned, this has not been certified and hence, has not been included as GHG emissions 

avoided in Figure 10. 

The Group utilises carbon offsets to eliminate any remaining emissions. We are cognizant of the critiques around the use of carbon 

offsets as a tool to mitigate climate change. The Group’s position is that purchasing carbon offsets finances sustainable development 

and establishes an internal price for carbon, which incentivises reductions and reflects the true cost of emissions. The Group adopts 

a cautious approach in our selection of carbon offsets and invests in high integrity carbon offsets from New Zealand-based Ekos 

that protect ecosystems to ensure that carbon sinks remain intact. Ekos is a social enterprise that grows and protects indigenous 

forests, delivering sustainable development outcomes in rural communities in Aotearoa-New Zealand and the Pacific Islands. Their 

carbon credits come from the growth of new forests and the protection of existing forests from logging, and all credits sold by Ekos 

are retired from the appropriate third-party registry. GYPP is certified Carbon Friendly with Ekos, which was achieved by offsetting 

228.61metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (“tCO2e”) of our scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions.

Other Initiatives

The Group is working with our consultants and builders to incorporate Homestar rating elements – which include energy, health, 

comfort, water, waste and materials – into our design work, and expect to reach between six and nine stars. Homestar is a 

comprehensive, independent national rating tool by the New Zealand Green Building Council. A ‘6 Homestar’ rating or higher provides 

assurance that a house will be better quality – warmer, drier, healthier and cost less to run – as compared to a typical new house built 

to building code; and a ‘10 Homestar’ rating denotes a world leading home. To optimise the use of our buildings, we select the latest 

in energy-efficient lighting, heating and appliances. As Construction materials make up 60-80% of GHG emissions associated with 

the production of a building, the Group is exploring alternative materials and methods of construction to both reduce the embodied 

carbon of our buildings, as well as to reduce construction and demolition waste.


28

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

As a public-listed company on the Singapore Exchange, we 

strive to uphold high standards in corporate governance and 

business ethics, including compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations. The Group believes that environmental 

compliance is not only an important consideration for a strong 

corporate reputation, but also helps to minimise financial 

and legal issues arising from non-compliance. Moreover, our 

stakeholders indicated Environmental Compliance to be a 

high priority for the Group in our 2019, 2020 and 2021 annual 

sustainability surveys. For these reasons, environmental 

compliance is a material impact for GYPP. This impact occurs 

both internally and externally – through our own activities, as 

well as a result of our business relationships with other entities. 

As a signatory to the Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact, 

the Group is committed to supporting a precautionary 

approach to environmental challenges (Principle 7) and 

undertaking initiatives to promote greater environmental 

responsibility (Principle 8). By supporting the precautionary 

approach to managing risks and protecting the environment 

across our value chain; where there are threats of serious or 

irreversible damage, lack of full scientific certainty is not used 

as a reason for postponing cost-effective measures to prevent 

environmental degradation. 

Our property portfolio is predominantly made up of assets in 

New Zealand. With New Zealand’s heavy reliance on the natural 

environment, the government promotes the sustainable 

management of natural and physical resources, such as land, 

air and water, via the Resource Management Act 1991 (‘RMA”). 

The RMA manages the use, development and protection 

of natural and physical resources in a way, or at a rate, which 

enables people and communities to provide for their social and 

cultural well-being and for their health and safety, while at the 

same time: 

• Sustaining the potential of natural and physical resources 

(excluding minerals) to meet the reasonably foreseeable needs 

of future generations; 

• Safeguarding the life-supporting capacity of air, water, soil and 

ecosystems; and 

• Avoiding, remedying or mitigating any adverse effects on the 

environment. 

Embedded within the Group’s Compliance Policy is a 

commitment to always act ethically and within the law. Our 

management systems are designed to address the specific 

business requirements, whilst achieving and exceeding legal 

requirements and industry standards. The Group considers the 

environment in our operations and keeps up to date with best 

practices relevant to our business. As described in our value 

chain under the section “About GYP Properties”, the Group 

manages our developments and works with external consultant 

teams to deliver projects. The Group does not physically 

undertake any works that could lead to environmental impacts. 

To ensure environmental compliance during construction, 

we work closely with our contractors and hire experts to lead 

the work where necessary. Each month, the appropriate New 

Zealand Council monitors construction sites and reports 

on the environmental controls that the Group has in place, 

and scores the site and contractor on performance. Should 

performance be insufficient, there is a small window of remedy 

before reinspection. Should the Contractor fail to remedy, 

as landowners, the Group is responsible. We take diligent 

care in adhering to the RMA standards and relevant regional 

standards, and we conduct regular reviews of policies and 

internal checks, as well as environmental impact assessments 

of our projects prior to construction to establish appropriate 

mitigation measures. The purpose of the Group’s management 

approach is to comply with all applicable environmental laws 

and regulations; and to mitigate and remediate negative 

environmental impacts. The table below shows the Group’s 

environmental compliance record.

ENVIRONMENTAL 

COMPLIANCE GRI 307

 

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

Total monetary value of significant fines ($)

0

0

0

Total number of non-monetary sanctions

0

0

0

Cases brought through dispute resolution mechanisms

0

0

0

Figure 14: The Group’s environmental compliance record.

The Group has in place an Enterprise Risk Management Framework. The implementation and maintenance of the Group’s risk 

management framework, including compliance with environmental laws or regulations, is undertaken by management with inputs 

from consultants where applicable. No fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with environmental laws or regulations 

were recorded in FY2021 and the Group targets to maintain this track record next year and into the future. 








29

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

The Group’s employees are the driving force of our operations, 

and success in our performance in recruitment, retention and 

related practices are a key competitive differentiator. Beyond 

safeguarding our reputation and business relationships, a stable 

workforce through attracting and retaining the right talent for the 

company preserves organisational knowledge, fosters greater 

teamwork, keeps valued employees from moving to competitors, 

and saves on recruitment costs. These benefits have the 

potential to lead to greater productivity, increased revenue, 

higher employee satisfaction, as well as better employee 

engagement. In our FY2021 sustainability survey, the Group’s 

Suppliers indicated Employment to be a high priority for the 

Group. For these reasons, employment is a material impact for 

GYPP; this impact occurs internally through our own activities. 

Currently, recruitment in Singapore is carried out by our head 

office, while recruitment in New Zealand is carried out by our 

New Zealand office with oversight by our head office. Human 

resources are managed locally in each country of operation. 

The Group complies to the employment rights and conditions 

under the Employment Act in Singapore, as well as employment 

law in New Zealand, including the Employment Relations Act 

2000. The Group has endorsed the Employer’s Pledge of Fair 

Employment Practices, an initiative by the Tripartite Alliance for 

Fair &amp; Progressive Employment Practices, which signals our 

commitment to be fair and abide by the Tripartite Guidelines on 

Fair Employment Practices. To learn more about this initiative or 

information specific to our workforce or approach to diversity, 

please refer to the material topic disclosure, “Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity”. The purpose of the management approach is 

to successfully attract and retain suitable talent to support 

the Group’s performance. Our approach to employment is 

evaluated by the Group’s management, and overseen by the 

Board’s Renumeration Committee. Based on our performance, 

employment activities are evaluated to be adequate to meet 

our organisational goals. The following figure shows the Group’s 

new hires and turnover for FY2021. No replacement for the role 

in Singapore was sought.

EMPLOYMENT GRI 401



Figure 15: The Group’s new employee hires and turnover by age group, gender and region as at the end of the financial year, 30 June 2021.

Once a year, the group conducts an annual sustainability survey to gather feedback from our stakeholders. In our FY2021 survey, 

when asked how satisfied and proud employees are to work at GYP Properties, the average response was 4.7 out of 5 stars. It is 

known that employee benefits play an essential role in retaining staff by increasing their overall job satisfaction. One such benefit 

is flexible work arrangements. Whilst this was available on request prior to Covid-19, this has now become the norm for employees 

that are not required to be physically present to fulfill their job scopes, and we expect this to continue into the future. As at 30 June 

2021, the Group has 1 part-time staff in New Zealand and 14 full-time staff across Singapore and New Zealand. No employees were 

entitled to parental leave in Singapore and New Zealand in FY2021. Benefits which are standard for full-time employees located in 

Singapore but are not provided to temporary or part-time employees include life insurance, disability and invalidity coverage, child 

care leave, materials and paternity leave, and employee CPF contribution. There are no such benefits for full-time employees located 

in New Zealand, that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees. As GYPP operates in two countries, both locations have 

been deemed significant locations of operation and included in this disclosure. 

By age group

By gender

By region

&lt;30 years

30 – 50 years

&gt;50 years

Male

Female

Singapore

New 

Zealand

Total number of new employee 

hires

0

2

0

1

1

0

2

Rate of new employee hires4

0%

20%

0%

17%

11%

0%

29%

Total number of employee 

turnover

2

0

2

2

2

1

3

Rate of employee turnover5

200%

0%

50%

33%

22%

13%

43%

4 Total number of new employee hires by age group, gender and region during the reporting period, divided by the total number of employees by age group, 

gender and region as at 30 June 2021. 

5 Total number of employee turnover by age group, gender and region during the reporting period, divided by the total number of employees by age group, 

gender and region as at 30 June 2021. 


30

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

The health, safety and wellbeing of our employees is an important 

focus and we’re committed to providing a safe environment for 

everyone who works with us. As a result, occupational health and 

safety (“OHS”) is a material topic for the Group. Because the Group 

engages external contractors to carry out construction work, 

and both managed properties in Singapore and Auckland have 

facilities managers that manage external vendors. This impact 

occurs both internally and externally – through our own activities, 

as well as a result of our business relationships with other entities. 

The Group complies to the relevant health and safety codes (New 

Zealand’s Health and Safety at Work Act 2015 and Singapore’s 

Workplace Safety and Health Act) which set out the principles, 

duties and rights in relation to workplace health and safety in 

each country, and have appropriate OHS management systems 

in place. These include ensuring the appropriate certifications 

and licenses are obtained to conduct our business operations. 

On sites where we have control of both work and workplace, our 

teams review work activities on an ongoing basis to identify any 

new risks that need to be managed, conduct regular workplace 

inspections, put in place suitable control measures for potential 

hazards, and implement standard operating procedures to ensure 

that employees are well-equipped and have the relevant training 

to respond appropriately and safely. Our internal procedures 

are developed based on recognised standards and include 

working at heights, hot works, code of practice for confined 

spaces, evacuation procedures, contractor hazard list, accident 

investigation, asbestos register and management and first aid. 

Staff and contractors are asked for inputs during routine meetings 

on identifying health and safety risks, and when choosing 

solutions. To encourage staff to increase control over and improve 

their health, employees in Singapore are provided corporate 

health insurance coverage, as well as a wellness benefit. 

Where contractors are appointed, we ensure they are 

selected based on our assessments and where relevant, the 

recommendations of independent third parties. In New Zealand, 

contractors at Pakuranga Plaza are required to be Site Safe trained 

to work on-site; Site Safe is a national not-for-profit membership 

organisation that provides education and resources on best 

practice systems and behaviours known to improve on-site 

health &amp; safety. We provide contractors with hazard information 

and control procedures where relevant, and maintain a “stop 

work” policy in the event there is reasonable doubt of safety. 

Should contractors encounter work-related hazards or hazardous 

situations, these are reported directly to the manager in charge 

and are addressed appropriately. All contractors are required 

to have their own insurance in place. In order to prevent and 

mitigate negative impacts, we ensure that we are up to date with 

industry standards, reports and improvements; and that our 

suppliers adhere to and monitor OHS procedures. While our main 

contractors are responsible for their own OHS on-site during 

construction, we ensure that they have all applicable procedures 

and reporting in place, and undertake random checks. Should 

any significant health and safety incidence occur, management 

is informed and work-related incidents are investigated to identify 

the hazards, and determine corrective actions and improvements 

needed. 

Due to Covid-19, the Group has implemented additional 

hygiene standards and precautionary measures at all controlled 

workplaces. These include complying with the relevant country 

requirements around safe distancing, using personal protective 

equipment as appropriate, conducting temperature checks 

and assisting with contact tracing; increasing the frequency of 

cleaning and disinfecting; introducing hand sanitiser stations in 

high traffic areas; providing cleaning guidelines to retailers and 

contractors; increasing security where needed; and providing a 

dedicated quarantine room, where relevant.

The purpose of the Group’s management approach is to mitigate 

injuries and negative occupational health and safety impacts 

across our value chain wherever possible. There were no work-

related fatalities, high-consequence injuries, recordable injuries, 

minor first-aid injuries or cases of recordable work-related ill 

health for the Group’s employees or property development 

contractors in FY2021. The estimated number of hours worked 

by employees is 27,600 hours and includes employees in both 

Singapore and New Zealand. The number of hours worked by 

property development contractors is 20,700 hours and includes 

hours worked by our main contracts at Bellfield Estate as this is 

the only live site during the reporting period. The Group’s property 

development contractors typically work across multiple of their 

own projects and as such, work-related ill health, where relevant, 

may arise from extended and prolonged exposure. Any incidents 

of acute exposure that occur on GYPP’s sites are reported by our 

contractors as incident reports. The Group has received zero 

incident reports for work-related ill health from our contractors, 

including fatalities as a result of work-related ill health and cases of 

recordable work-related ill health.

Whilst there were no work-related fatalities, high-consequence 

injuries, minor first-aid injuries or cases of recordable work-related 

ill health for the Group’s property management contractors in 

FY2021, one recordable work-related injury from a contractor was 

reported wherein a security guard at Pakuranga Plaza suffered a 

laceration to his arm. The rate of recordable work-related injuries 

for property management contractors is 27.80, based on 35,965 

hours worked; this includes hours worked by our main contractors 

at Pakuranga Plaza (security and cleaning) and Braddell House 

(security, cleaning, landscaping, fire maintenance, pest control, 

electrical, lift maintenance, waste disposal, others). The formula 

used for the rate of recordable work-related injuries is Number 

of recordable work-related injuries / Number of hours worked x 

1,000,000 hours. The Group has received zero incident reports for 

work-related ill health from our property management contractors, 

including fatalities as a result of work-related ill health and cases 

of recordable work-related ill health. The following table shows 

the current and past safety performance records of the Group’s 

contractors based on incident reports provided. 

OCCUPATIONAL 

HEALTH AND SAFETY GRI 403






31

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

The Group is committed to building a workforce which reflects 

the communities in which we operate. Operating in Singapore 

and New Zealand which are both diverse, multicultural countries, 

it is important that the Group implements fair and merit-based 

employment practices not only because it is the right thing to 

do, but because it also provides a competitive advantage by 

increasing the prospect of finding the best person for the job. 

While we recognise there are improvements to be made in the 

diversity of our Board and workforce, we strive to create an 

inclusive talent pool that taps into the potential found across 

races, genders, sexual orientations and other demographics. 

As a signatory to the Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact, 

we are committed to the elimination of discrimination in respect 

of employment and occupation (Principle 6). The Group has 

endorsed the Employer’s Pledge of Fair Employment Practices, 

an initiative by the Tripartite Alliance for Fair &amp; Progressive 

Employment Practices, which signals our commitment to be 

fair and abide by the Tripartite Guidelines on Fair Employment 

Practices. The five principles of Fair Employment Practices are: 

1. Recruit and select employees on the basis of merit (such as 

skills, experience or ability to perform the job), and regardless 

of age, race, gender, religion, marital status and family 

responsibilities, or disability. 

2. Treat employees fairly and with respect and implement 

progressive human resource management systems. 

3. Provide employees with equal opportunity to be considered for 

training and development based on their strengths and needs to 

help them achieve their full potential. 

4. Reward employees fairly based on their ability, performance, 

contribution and experience. 

5. Abide by labour laws and adopt the Tripartite Guidelines on 

Fair Employment Practices. 

This impact area occurs within the Group as a direct result 

of business operations. For these reasons, Diversity and 

Equal Opportunity is a material topic for GYPP. In order to 

manage the Group’s impact, our recruitment and performance 

assessments of employees are based on merit, work attitude, 

cooperation with other staff, as well as their efficiency and 

effectiveness of work, and we proactively take steps to secure 

long-term engagement and retain talented individuals. Our 

Board of Directors are elected by shareholders to represent 

shareholders’ interests but nominated by the Group’s 

Nominations Committee. The purpose of our management 

approach is to provide equal opportunities to all our employees, 

avoid all instances of discrimination at the workplace and 

promote an effective and diverse Board. 

In FY2020, the Group adopted a board diversity policy, of 

which the main objective of the policy is to have an appropriate 

balance of skills, experience, knowledge and other aspects 

of diversity (e.g. gender, age and nationality) on the Board to 

support the long-term success of the Group. Under the policy, 

the Nominations Committee is responsible for recommending 

to the Board the relevant practices to promote and achieve 

diversity on the Board. The Board is making progress on the 

implementation of the board diversity policy and is placing 

more emphasis on diversity when identifying new persons for 

DIVERSITY AND 

EQUAL OPPORTUNITY GRI 405







Where the Group has no control over both work and workplace, GYPP has a responsibility to make efforts to prevent and mitigate 

negative OHS impacts that are directly linked to our operations. GYPP’s Supplier Code of Practice defines the principles of ethical, 

social and sustainable development which we require of our suppliers and their supply chains. The code of conduct includes ensuring 

safe and healthy working conditions for employees; adequate personal safety equipment; employee training on the main risks 

affecting OHS in the workplace; and that employees comply with the applicable safety rules and regulations. 

The Group targets to maintain zero fatalities, high-consequence work-related injuries and recordable work-related injuries for GYPP 

employees next year and into the future. No fines, warnings or breaches in health and safety codes were reported in the financial 

year ending 30 June 2021. The Group targets to maintain this track record next year and into the future.

Safety Performance of the Group’s Contractors

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

FY2021

Property Development 

Number of fatalities as a result of work-related injury

0

0

0

0

Number of high-consequence work-related injuries

0

0

0

0

Number of recordable work-related workplace injuries

0

0

0

0

Number of minor first-aid injuries

0

13

4

0

Number of lost days

0

0

0

0

Property Management

Number of fatalities as a result of work-related injury

0

0

0

0

Number of high-consequence work-related injuries

0

0

0

0

Number of recordable work-related injuries

1

0

1

1

Number of minor first-aid injuries

3

1

3

0

Figure 16: The safety performance record of GYPP’s contractors, according to business unit.


32

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

We are committed to achieving gender equality through 

remuneration based on merit and the Group has a zero 

tolerance policy for workplace discrimination, violence and 

harassment. The following information shows the ratio of basic 

salary and remuneration of women to men. As GYPP operates 

in two countries, both locations have been deemed significant 

locations of operation and included in this disclosure. 

Ratio of the basic salary and remuneration of women to men for 

each employee category:

• Management – 0.556  

• Non-management – 0.947

Ratio of the basic salary and remuneration of women to men for 

each employee category, by significant location of operation:

• Management, Singapore – 0.558

• Management, New Zealand – not applicable9 The Group does 

not employ any men in management in New Zealand.

• Non-management, Singapore – 1.2010

• Non-Management, New Zealand – 0.8811

Remuneration and employee benefits are well-structured and 

competitive, and all remuneration and employee benefits are 

aligned with legislation. Remuneration practices are annually 

reviewed through pay gap reviews and the group is committed 

to removing unfair discrimination in pay scales and practices. 

No incidents of discrimination have been reported during the 

period and GYPP targets to maintain zero incidents next year 

and into the future. 

40%

TOTAL

15 

60%

47%

TOTAL

15

53%

26%

7%

40%

TOTAL

15 

53%

26%

7%

28%

TOTAL

15 

67%

67%

Female 

9 employees 

100% permanent 

100% full time 

0% part-time

Singapore 

8 employees 

100% permanent

Singapore 

8 employees 

&lt;30 years 

1 employee

Other 

1 employee

GENDER

LOCATION

AGE

NATIONALITY

Male 

6 employees 

100% permanent 

83% full time 

17% part-time

New Zealand 

7 employees 

100% permanent

New Zealand 

6 employees 

30-50 Years 

10 employees

&gt;50 years 

4 employees

Figure 17: The Group’s employees by gender, location, age and nationality.

6 Average basic remuneration of women in management divided by average basic remuneration of men in management.

7 Average basic remuneration of women not in management divided by average basic remuneration of men not in management.

8 For Singapore employees, average basic remuneration of women in management divided by average basic remuneration of men in management.

9 For New Zealand employees, average basic remuneration of women in management divided by average basic remuneration of men in  management.

10 For Singapore employees, average basic remuneration of women not in management divided by average basic remuneration of men not in management.

11 For New Zealand employees, average basic remuneration of women not in management divided by average basic remuneration of men not in management.

appointment to the Board. As at FY2021, the Group’s Board of Directors is 100% male, of which 83% are over 50 years old and 17% is 

30-50 years old. 67% of Board Directors are Singaporean, and 33% are classified as ‘Other’. 

As at 30 June 2021, the Group had a total of 15 employees. The information in this section covers employees of GYPP only and 

excludes consultants. While our corporate office activities, facilities management and project management are conducted in-house by 

employees, the Group uses external consultants and builders to deliver development projects. The Group does not experience seasonal 

variations in employee numbers. 

As at 30 June 2020, the Group has a total of 16 employees. The information in this section covers employees of GYPP only and excludes 

consultants. While our corporate office activities, facilities management and project management are conducted in house by employees, 

the Group uses external consultants and builders to deliver development projects. The Group does not experience seasonal variations 

in employee numbers. 


33

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

The Group’s vision is to become an industry leader that 

develops projects that owners and users value; and our 

mission is to build inclusive and safe communities that 

embrace sustainable development. In order to fulfil our vision 

and mission. It is critical that the Group is able to deliver 

safe and healthy environments for purchasers, tenants and 

visitors to use. Ensuring that customers are confident about 

purchasing our developments, as well as visiting and using 

GYPP managed properties is a pre-requisite for the Group’s 

economic performance and brand reputation. For these 

reasons, Customer Health and Safety is a material topic for 

GYPP. This impact occurs both internally and externally – 

through our own activities, as well as a result of our business 

relationships with other entities.

The Group has a Health and Safety Policy in place, which 

applies across GYPP’s property management and property 

development businesses. 100% of our properties and 

developments are regularly assessed for improvement and 

our teams have identified potential hazards, put in place 

mitigating control measures and set out standard operating 

procedures, which ensure that employees are well-equipped 

to respond appropriately and promptly in case of incidents, 

and that they have the relevant training required to do so. The 

Group appoints contractors and suppliers that demonstrate 

strong records, and we obtain the necessary licenses and 

certifications, as well as carry out any necessary work to 

comply with the relevant health and safety codes of each 

country of operation, which are New Zealand’s Health and 

Safety at Work Act 2015 and Singapore’s Workplace Safety 

and Health Act. 

Employee and management walkabouts are conducted 

regularly to provide ongoing monitoring and raise any issues 

that require attention. Staff and on-site contract staff are 

workplace first aid trained and we carry out slip testing of 

floors; regular building safety inspections, regular fire alarm 

testing and evacuation trials overseen by appropriate parties 

in New Zealand and Singapore; as well as obtain our annual 

Building Warrants of Fitness, where relevant. In the event of 

a cardiac arrest, a regularly serviced defibrillator is located 

in the office. Our management approach is to mitigate risk 

of negative health and safety impacts for customers, and 

enhance customer experience and enjoyment. The property 

management teams take tenant and customer feedback into 

consideration where suitable. 

Due to Covid-19, the Group has implemented additional 

hygiene standards and precautionary measures at our 

managed properties. These include complying with local 

requirements around safe distancing, using personal 

protective equipment as appropriate; increasing the frequency 

of cleaning and disinfecting; introducing hand sanitiser 

stations in high traffic areas; increasing security where 

needed; and where relevant, conducting temperature checks, 

facilitating contact tracing, providing cleaning guidelines 

to retailers and contractors, and providing a dedicated 

quarantine room.

In FY2021, we are pleased to record zero incidents of non-

compliance concerning customer health and safety at our 

properties, and as such, no fines or warnings have been 

issued. We target to maintain this track record next year and 

into the future. 

CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY GRI 416








34

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

With more time than ever spent online and information being 

shared instantaneously, customer privacy is an increasingly 

important issue that is related to mitigating risk of personal 

information misuse, mishandling, identity theft and financial 

fraud. In order to protect data in the Group’s countries 

of operation, respective governments have established 

Singapore’s Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”) 

and New Zealand’s Privacy Act 2020. The Group believes 

that accountability and a strong track record for corporate 

governance and compliance are critical to building trust with 

stakeholders and maintaining a strong corporate reputation. 

Failure to comply to relevant data protection laws could lead 

to financial penalties of up to NZ$10,000 in New Zealand and 

S$1 million in Singapore. For these reasons, Customer Privacy 

is a material topic for the Group and we are committed to 

doing our best to safeguard customer privacy.

The Group’s Privacy Policy provides information about how 

we collect, use and disclose personal data. This includes 

safeguarding personal data from unauthorised access, 

collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, disposal 

or similar risks; and we have internal measures in place 

that address unnecessary retention of personal data and 

mechanisms to withdraw personal data. Our customers 

include visitors at our retail centre, tenants of our leased 

spaces and purchasers of our properties. As we use software 

platforms that interface with customer data, engage third 

parties to support property sales and leasing, and contract 

external security teams on our sites, this impact occurs both 

internally and externally – through our own activities, as well 

as a result of our business relationships with other entities. 

The Group recognises the increased risk of cyberattacks 

and hence that no method of transmission over the Internet 

or method of electronic storage is completely secure. While 

security cannot be guaranteed, we significantly minimise 

risk to data breaches by maintaining, securing and ensuring 

legal and appropriate use of our information technology (“IT”) 

infrastructure and systems at all times, and seek to enforce 

our IT policies, safeguard the integrity of computers, networks, 

data and all IT property interests. We have introduced 

appropriate administrative physical and technical measures, 

such as up-to-date antivirus protection and encryption 

where appropriate, to secure personal data used internally; 

and personal data used by our authorised third party service 

providers and agents is on a need-to-know basis only. As a 

result of Covid-19 and more employees working from home, 

global reports and internal logs are showing that criminals are 

taking advantage of security vulnerabilities, and increasing 

their attempts to steal data and cause disruption. In response, 

the Group rolled out unified endpoint management and 

enhanced threat protection software across the Company 

in FY2020 to further enhance IT security and also better 

manage phishing emails, malicious email attachments and 

malicious links in emails. Our information security measures 

are reviewed and enhanced by appointed IT consultants 

regularly.

The Group’s management approach provides good corporate 

governance and accountability to maximise data protection 

and minimise risk of data privacy breaches and mishandling. 

We are pleased to report zero complaints concerning 

breaches of customer privacy and have no identified leaks, 

thefts or losses of customer data. We have had no fines and 

non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws and/

or regulations. GYPP targets to maintain zero incidents next 

year and into the future

CUSTOMER PRIVACY GRI 418






35

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

The Group’s organisational goals include being an effective, 

transparent and accountable organisation, and as a public-

listed company on the Singapore Exchange, we strive to 

uphold high standards in corporate governance and business 

ethics. This material topic includes the Group’s overall 

compliance record, as well as compliance with specific laws 

or regulations in the social and economic area. Compliance 

can relate to accounting and tax fraud, corruption, bribery, 

competition, the provision of products and services, or labour 

issues, such as workplace discrimination, among others. 

This includes compliance with international declarations, 

conventions and treaties; as well as national, sub-national, 

regional and local regulations. We believe that socioeconomic 

compliance is critical to being a responsible business and 

is a fundamental requirement for building trust with our 

stakeholders and maintaining our corporate reputation. For 

these reasons, Socioeconomic Compliance is a material 

topic for the Group and we have a zero tolerance approach 

to non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations. This 

impact occurs both internally and externally – through our own 

activities, as well as a result of our business relationships with 

other entities.

As a signatory to the Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact, 

the Group agrees to embrace, support and enact a set of core 

values in the areas of human rights, labour standards, the 

environment and anti-corruption. The Group’s Enterprise Risk 

Management Framework and management approach ensure 

robust corporate governance and accountability, and mitigate 

risk of non-compliance within the Group, as well as the risk 

of becoming complicit in human rights, anti-corruption and 

labour issues. Our management team is responsible for 

reviewing and monitoring the Group’s policies and practices 

and any material incidents of non-compliance are reported to 

the Board of Directors. The Group ensures good corporate 

governance by observing best practices in compliance and 

has group policies – including a Corporate Governance Policy, 

Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy, Compliance Policy, 

Conflict of Interest Policy and Whistleblowing Policy – in 

place to communicate our commitment, state expectations 

of employees, and provide a channel for grievances to be 

aired. In order to minimise our risk of non-compliance in 

our supply chain, the Group introduced a Supplier Code of 

Practice (previously “Responsible Supplier Commitment”) 

in FY2020 that defines the principles of ethical, social and 

sustainable development with which the Group adopts, and 

which we require that our suppliers and their supply chains 

comply. New suppliers are required to comply with its content 

and to promote compliance among its stakeholders, including 

its employees, agents, subcontractors and suppliers. For 

more information about how the Group manages specific 

socioeconomic compliance issues, please refer to relevant 

material topic disclosures, such as ‘Anti-Corruption’ and 

‘Diversity and Equal Opportunity’.

As a public-listed company on the Singapore Exchange, 

various regulatory bodies have oversight of our operations and 

GYPP is committed to conducting our business with integrity 

to safeguard the interest of all our stakeholders, both internal 

and external. In order to do this, our employees keep up to 

date on regulations and engage with the various authorities 

and experts as required. Regular checks are practised and 

we work with experienced, knowledgeable and reputable 

consultants to ensure works are compliant. By adhering to 

laws, regulations, guidelines and specifications relevant to 

our business, we ensure that we build a strong and ethical 

reputation, and that we attract strong, like-minded partners 

and employees to work and grow with. We are pleased to 

report that there were no complaints or incidents of non-

compliance in FY2021, and as such, there are no significant 

fines and non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with 

laws and/or regulations in the social and economic area. GYPP 

targets to maintain zero incidents next year and into the future. 

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE GRI 419






36

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

As a real estate developer, we are passionate about building 

inclusive and safe communities and with the provision of homes 

and places to connect at the heart of the GYPP business, the 

Group has chosen homelessness to be the Group’s main cause 

area. According to The UN Refugee Agency and the Internal 

Displacement Monitoring Centre, 25 million people lose their 

home every year. Unsheltered and exposed, many also lose their 

lives with women and children being among the most vulnerable. 

In 2019, the Group launched our keystone programme, “Gift 

of Home” – under which our first partnership is with Singapore 

non-profit organisation, billionBricks. For every home GYPP 

sells, the Group donates an innovative weatherHYDE shelter to a 

displaced or homeless family in the region. Used most commonly 

as a refugee shelter or after a natural disaster strikes to help end 

poverty, billionBricks’ weatherHYDE is the world’s first reversible 

life-saving shelter that is insulated, which provides protection 

from both hot and cold weather, and offers women and children 

privacy and a safe space. In partnership of ABS-CBN Foundation, 

the Group reached out to communities in the Philippines impacted 

by natural disasters, as well as those providing rapid Covid-19 

response efforts:

• On 6 June 2020, our first batch of 20 weatherHYDE shelters 

was delivered to vulnerable families who lost their homes due 

to mud flows and landslides brought about by torrential rains in 

Barangay Buso-Buso, Laurel, Batangas. The shelters serve as 

their temporary homes as they recover and rebuild their houses. 

Some of the shelters were also allocated as isolation areas for 

Covid-19 cases.

• On 30 June 2020, 24 weatherHYDE shelters were provided to 

the National Kidney Transplant Institute (“NKTI”) to assist in the 

delivery of services for Covid-19 patients, serving as a temporary 

housing facility for frontliners in conjunction with the Office of the 

Vice President of the Philippines’ Oasis Project for NKTI.

• On 27 July 2020, 20 weatherHYDE shelters were distributed to 

different evacuation centres in Makilala, North Cotabato. This was 

made possible through ABS-CBN’s partnership with the Philippine 

Army. Because of an earthquake, the beneficiaries chosen were 

displaced and unable to go back to their homes due to safety 

issues, resulting in them living in makeshift tents for almost a year. 

The shelters currently serve as their transient homes while they 

await relocation and help lessen the spread of Covid-19 in the 

evacuation centres. 

The Group would like to thank all our new home owners and 

billionBricks and ABS-CBN Foundation for their partnership 

in alleviating homelessness. For the sale of 35 housing lots 

recognised in FY2021, the Group is once again working with 

billionBricks to secure 35 weatherHYDE shelters to continue the 

mission of “Gift of Home”. 

GIFT OF HOME X BILLIONBRICKS

GYP Properties strongly believes that ‘having a soul’ is just 

as important as creating economic value. Included in the 

Group’s organisational goals is building a company that has 

a pronounced social core  and engaged employees, through 

supporting communities and social causes. We believe that 

encouraging a giving culture nurtures empathy in the workplace 

and creates trust, engagement, as well as strengthens 

relationships. Joint experiences build bridges and creates 

psychological safety; and engaged employees are more likely 

to feel connected to the Company. For these reasons, social 

impact is a material topic for the Group and every year, the 

Group identifies opportunities to contribute to society through 

donations, fundraising activities, volunteering and gifts in kind. 

This impact occurs both internally and externally – through our 

own activities, as well as a result of our business relationships 

with other entities. The purpose of the management approach 

is to address the inequalities faced by vulnerable communities 

by providing increased access to services and assets, and the 

Group works with like-minded organisations to help achieve 

these goals. 

SOCIAL IMPACT






37

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

In the Group’s decarbonisation strategy, we employ carbon 

offsets to remove remaining emissions that we cannot 

eliminate from our operations and supply chain. As a measure 

of last resort, the Group offsets 100% of our remaining Scope 

1 and 2 operational emissions, and voluntarily disclosed 

Scope 3 emissions; this includes emissions associated and 

not limited to purchased electricity, construction activities 

and air travel. The Group invests in high quality carbon credits 

from New Zealand-based Ekos that protect ecosystems to 

ensure carbon sinks remain intact. For the third consecutive 

year, GYP Properties is certified Carbon Friendly with Ekos, 

which in FY2021 is achieved by offsetting 228.61 metric 

tons CO2e emissions. Ekos’ carbon credit supply chain helps 

grow and protect indigenous forests, and deliver sustainable 

development outcomes in rural communities in Aotearoa-New 

Zealand and the Pacific Islands. The carbon credits purchased 

by the Group support the Loru Rainforest Conservation Project, 

a tropical rainforest on Vanuatu home to critically endangered 

animals and endemic birds. The rainforest provides valuable 

protection from cyclones, floods and droughts for the Loru 

local people, and combines protection of coastal rainforest 

and agroforestry.

The Group and our employees are passionate about 

volunteering and have adopted South Central Community 

Family Service Centre (“SCC”) as our community partner 

in Singapore. SCC provides support to low-income and 

vulnerable families in the community. While giving support to 

families who seek help in financial, social or relationship issues, 

SCC also encourages community self-help and cooperation. 

Unfortunately due to Covid-19 restrictions, the Group’s 

employees were unable to volunteer at SCC’s community 

events, however, GYPP supported SCC with services in kind to 

deliver food to the family service centre’s beneficiaries.

EKOS

SOUTH CENTRAL COMMUNITY FAMILY SERVICE CENTRE 




38

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Community Organisation

Activity / Support

Blind Foundation

Fundraising collection

Breast Cancer Foundation

Fundraising collection

Cancer Society

Fundraising collection

Cystic Fibrosis

Fundraising collection

Heart Foundation

Fundraising collection

Heart Kids NZ

Fundraising collection

Howick/Pakuranga Community Patrol

Raising awareness

Howick RSA 

Fundraising collection for Red Poppy Day

Little Sisters of the Poor

Fundraising collection

Macleans College

Student Market - school based business studies activity where students make, 

market and sell their products to the general public

New Zealand College of Chiropractic

Social awareness about spinal health

Red Puppy Appeal

Fundraising collection

Ronald McDonald

Fundraising collection

Salvation Army

Fundraising collection

SPCA

Fundraising collection

Totara Hospice

Fundraising collection

Totara Hospice

Tree of remembrance fundraising collection

UNICEF

Fundraising collection

 Figure 18: Activities and corresponding organisations supported at Pakuranga Plaza for FY2021.

Where possible, the Group supports other organisations where 

we are able to assist. In Singapore, GYP Properties provides 

office facilities to the MILK (Mainly I Love Kids) Fund, a non-

profit organisation that addresses the needs of children at risk. 

In Auckland, office facilities are provided to Plunket, a provider 

of support services for children under the age of five. Below 

is a list of organisations and corresponding activities that the 

Group supported during the financial year at Pakuranga Plaza. 

Unfortunately due to the pandemic, Auckland faced periods of 

closure in FY2021. We look forward to continue supporting our 

local community in FY2022.

OTHER CONTRIBUTIONS


39

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE 

STATEMENT

To the management of GYP Properties Limited

GYP Properties Limited (“GYP Properties”, “GYPP”) engaged CSRWorks International (“CSRWorks”) to provide independent assurance of its 

Sustainability Report 2021 (“the Report”). The Report covers GYPP’s business operations from 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021. This statement 

presents our opinion as independent assurance providers.

GYP PROPERTIES RESPONSIBILITY

GYPP was responsible for preparing the Report and collecting, collating, analysing, and presenting all information and data provided in the 

Report. GYPP’s responsibility included establishing and maintaining internal controls over systems and processes that generate data and 

information contained in the Report.

OUR RESPONSIBILITY

CSRWorks’s responsibility was to provide independent assurance of this Report according to terms of reference agreed with GYPP. Our 

responsibility regarding this assurance engagement is only to the management of GYPP. 

ASSURANCE STANDARDS

The assurance engagement was undertaken in accordance with:

• The principles and requirements established in the AA1000 Assurance Standard v3 (AA1000AS v3); and

• Global Reporting Initiative’s GRI Standards.

ASSURANCE TYPE AND SCOPE

CSRWorks provided Type 2 assurance in accordance with the AA1000AS v3 with a Moderate level of assurance of the nature and extent of 

GYPP’s adherence to the AA1000 AccountAbility Principles (2008) and the reliability and quality of the specified sustainability performance 

information contained in the Report. Evidence gathering was primarily from internal sources and was restricted to management levels in the 

organisation.

The scope of our assurance engagement, as agreed with GYPP, included the review and verification of sustainability policies, practices, 

initiatives, and performance presented in the Report, an assessment of underlying management and reporting processes in accordance 

with the GRI Standards and an evaluation of the Report’s adherence to the “in accordance” criteria of the GRI Standards and verification of 

standard disclosures indicated in the GRI Content Index in the Report.

ASSURANCE OBJECTIVES

The assurance engagement’s objectives were to:

• Review adherence to the AA1000 AP (2018) Principles of Inclusivity, Materiality, Responsiveness, and Impact;

• Review adherence to the “in accordance” criteria as stipulated in the GRI Standards 2016;

• Content verification corresponding to all General Disclosures and the Topic Specific Standards included in the GRI Content Index in  

 

the Report;

• Review of sustainability policies, initiatives, practices and performance described in the Report;




40

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

• Verification of the reliability, accuracy and completeness of FY2021 qualitative and quantitative sustainability performance data presented 

in the Report;

• Review and assessment of the processes, methods and tools for gathering, analysing and reporting quantitative and qualitative sustainability 

information provided in the Report.

METHODOLOGY

This engagement was carried out between September and October 2021. 

CSRWorks adopted a comprehensive approach to carry out the assurance engagement by examining and seeking evidence for each GRI 

Standard Disclosure provided in the Report. We also assessed the robustness of the underlying data management processes, focusing on 

quality controls and data reliability in the Report. To obtain sufficient evidence for us to give a moderate level of assurance and to arrive at 

conclusions and recommendations, we undertook the following activities:

1. Conducting desk review of the Report draft to assess adherence to the GRI Standards and identify the disclosures covered in the Report 

for verification. 

2. Developing an engagement plan based on the desk review that included the GRI General Disclosures and material Topic Specific Standards 

in the Report for verification.

3. Conducting extensive interviews with GYPP’s Chief Financial Officer, Communication &amp; Sustainability Director, Property Manager, and 

Project Manager. The interviews focused on assessing GYPP’s policies, principles, strategies, governance, and approaches to managing 

material issues and GYPP’s processes for gathering, compiling, analysing and monitoring performance data. The interviews were conducted 

remotely through virtual platforms to comply with the COVID-19 safe management measures. 

4. Testing of limited samples of data points, documents, records and information to collect and evaluate evidence covering the following 

material areas: 

• Economic topics: Economic Performance (GRI 201-1, 201-2, 201-4), Anti-Corruption (GRI 205-1, 205-2, 205-3)

• Environmental topics: Emissions (GRI 305-1, 305-2, 305-3, 305-4, 305-5), Environmental Compliance (GRI 307-1)

• Social topics: Employment (GRI 401-1, 401-2, 401-3), Occupational Health and Safety (GRI 403-1 to 403-7, 403-9, 403-10), Diversity and 

Equal Opportunity (GRI 405-1, 405-2), Customer Health and Safety (GRI 416-1, 416-2), Customer Privacy (GRI 418-1), Socio-Economic 

Compliance (GRI 419-1)

5. Reviewing random samples of source data for verifying GYPP’s information management systems and processes focusing on the reliability 

of data reported according to the requirements of AA1000AS v3 and the GRI Standards. The assessment of data reliability included a review 

of completeness and accuracy and the methods, practices and tools used in the collection, collation, analysis, and reporting of data and 

information. The assessment also included a review of internal quality control, data traceability and testing of calculations.

INDEPENDENCE AND COMPETENCIES 

CSRWorks was not involved in preparing any part of the Report, except for this Assurance Statement. CSRWorks has not undertaken any 

prior work with GYPP or its stakeholders on any engagements that could impair the independence, impartiality or objectivity of our findings, 

observations, conclusions and recommendations.

CSRWorks, a leading provider of sustainability services focused on advisory, training and thought leadership, has over 15 years of track 

record in sustainability reporting, integrated reporting, external assurance, ESG assessment and ratings, climate change and supply chain 

responsibility. This assurance engagement was carried out by three assessors led by a senior assessor with over 20 years of experience in 

sustainability in a range of industry sectors.

LIMITATIONS

Our assurance engagement and scope of work did not include verification of:

• Financial data other than that related to environmental, social and economic performance;

• The adequacy or effectiveness of GYPP’s strategy or management of sustainability issues;


41

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

• Content provided by GYPP other than in the Report such as information contained on its website and web links in the Report;

• Any historical data and information presented in the Report for the purpose of comparisons.

ADHERENCE TO AA1000 PRINCIPLES

Within the scope of this engagement, our observations about the adherence to the AA1000 Principles of Inclusivity, Materiality, 

Responsiveness, and Impact are presented below.

Inclusivity

GYPP has a sound understanding of its stakeholders and has established appropriate engagement and communication channels to 

enable their participation in GYPP’s sustainability strategies and decision-making process. The Report provides a fair account of GYPP’s 

engagement across its value chain, including government agencies and regulators, shareholders, local communities, consultants, industry 

and non-profit organisations, banks, media, purchasers, tenants and visitors, and its Board of Directors and employees. 

Materiality

GYPP has a reasonable understanding of its material issues and provides a good explanation of its sustainability context. The Report provides 

an account of the process for identifying and prioritising material sustainability topics and the effect each of these material topics has on 

GYPP’s sustainability strategy and stakeholders.

Responsiveness

GYPP develops sustainability strategies, goals, and targets based on materiality analysis, the evolving sustainability and regulatory contexts, 

and stakeholder expectations, making its overall approach responsive. The Report provides an account of its performance on the material 

issues of interest to the respective stakeholders.

Impact

GYPP has adopted mechanisms and approaches to monitor, measure, and be accountable for how its actions affect its broader ecosystems. 

These mechanisms include establishing the Board Sustainability Committee in August 2021, the Enterprise Risk Management Framework 

and corresponding governance and compliance policies, environmental and health and safety management system, diversity and fair and 

equal opportunity employment practices, and various surveys and feedback mechanisms for internal and external stakeholders.

RECOMMENDATIONS FOR IMPROVEMENT

We have separately submitted a confidential report to GYPP management that contains recommendations for improvement in the future. 

These recommendations do not affect our conclusions on the Report as stated below.

CONCLUSION

In CSRWorks’ opinion, based on the engagement carried out, GYPP’s Sustainability Report 2021 provides a fair and reliable account of its 

material issues, sustainability strategies, management approach and performance. Based on our work, GYPP’s Report has met the conditions 

for adherence to the AA1000 AP (2018) Principles and the “In Accordance-Core” Criteria of the GRI Standards.

On behalf of the assurance team

6 October 2021 | Singapore

Rajesh Chhabara

Managing Director and Lead Assessor

CSRWorks International Pte Ltd

CSRWorks International Pte Ltd, Singapore is an independent sustainability services firm and a licensed provider of AA1000 Assurance. CSRWorks has prepared this 

Assurance Statement for GYP Properties Limited in accordance with AA1000AS and CSRWorks’ standard terms. No other warranty, express or implied, is given by 

CSRWorks as a result of the provision of this statement. This statement is provided for information purpose only, without the right to rely, and CSRWorks will not be liable 

for any reliance which may be placed on this statement by a third party.




42

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Page / Responses

GRI 101: Foundation 2016

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

GRI 102: General Disclosures 

2016

102-1

Name of the organisation

5

102-2

Activities, brands, products and services

6

102-3

Location of headquarters

7

102-4

Location of operations

7

102-5

Ownership and legal form

7

102-6

Markets served

7

102-7

Scale of the organisation

7

102-8

Information on employees and other 

workers

31 to 32

102-9

Supply chain

17

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation 

and its supply chain

10

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

9, 25, 28

102-12

External initiatives

13 to 15

102-13

Membership of associations

15

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

3 to 4 

102-15

Key impacts, risks and opportunities

19 to 20

102-16

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour

9 

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns 

about ethics

24  

102-18

Governance structure

11 to 12

102-19

Delegating authority

11 to 12

102-20

Executive-level responsibility for 

economic, environmental and social 

topics

11 to 12

102-21

Consulting stakeholders on economic, 

environmental, and social topics

17 to 19

102-22

Composition of the highest governance 

body and its committees

11 to 12

102-23

Chair of the highest governance body

11

102-24 

Nominating and selecting the highest 

governance body

11

102-25

Conflicts of interest

11

102-26

Role of highest governance body in setting 

purpose, values, and strategy

11 to 12 

102-27

Collective knowledge of highest 

governance body

12

102-29

Identifying and managing economic, 

environmental, and social impacts

11 to 12

102-30

Effectiveness of risk management 

processes

11 to 12


43

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Page / Responses

GRI 101: Foundation 2016

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

GRI 102: General Disclosures 

2016

102-31

Review of economic, environmental, and 

social topics

11 to 12

102-32

Highest governance body’s role in 

sustainability reporting

11 to 12

102-35

Remuneration policies

12, 29 

102-36

Process for determining remuneration

11

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

18

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

None

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

16 to 17 

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

17 to 19

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

19 

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements

6

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries

20

102-47

List of material topics

20

102-48

Restatements of information

26

102-49

Changes in reporting

None 

102-50

Reporting period

6

102-51

Date of most recent previous report

6

102-52

Reporting cycle

6

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report

6

102-54

Claims if reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards

5

102-55

GRI content index

39 to 41

102-56

External assurance

6

MATERIAL TOPICS

GRI 201: Economic 

Performance 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

21 

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

21 to 22

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

201-1

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed

21

201-2

Financial implications and other risks and 

opportunities due to climate change

 21 to 22

201-4

Financial assistance received from 

government

21

GRI 205: Anti-Corruption 

2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

23

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

23

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

23

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption

23

205-2

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures

23 to 24

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and 

actions taken

23


44

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Page / Responses

GRI 101: Foundation 2016

MATERIAL TOPICS

GRI 305: Emissions 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

25

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

25

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

25

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

25

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

26

305-3

Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions

26

305-4

GHG emissions intensity

26

305-5

Reduction of GHG emissions

26 to 27

GRI 307: Environmental 

Compliance 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

28

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

28

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

28

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations

24

GRI 401: Employment 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

29

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

29

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

29

401-1

New employee hires and employee 

turnover

29

401-2

Benefits provided to full-time employees 

that are not provided to temporary or part-

time employees

29

401-3

Parental leave

29

GRI 403: Occupational Health 

and Safety 2018

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

30

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

30

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

30

403-1

Occupational health and safety 

management system

30

403-2

Hazard identification, risk assessment, 

and incident investigation

30

403-3

Occupational health services

30

403-4

Worker participation, consultation, and 

communication on occupations health and 

safety

30

403-5

Worker training on occupational health 

and safety

30

403-6

Promotion of worker health

30

403-7

Prevention and mitigation of occupational 

health and safety impacts directly linked 

by business relationships

30 to 31

403-9

Work-related injuries

30 to 31

403-10

Work-related ill health

30 to 31


45

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Page / Responses

GRI 101: Foundation 2016

MATERIAL TOPICS

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

31

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

31 to 32

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

31 to 32

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees

31 to 32

405-2

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of 

women to men

32

GRI 416: Customer Health 

and Safety 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

33

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

33

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

33

416-1

Assessment of the health and safety 

impacts of product and service categories

33

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

the health and safety impacts of products 

and services

33

GRI 418: Customer Privacy 

2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

34

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

34

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

34

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning 

breaches of customer privacy and losses 

of customer data

34

GRI 419: Socio-Economic 

Compliance 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

35

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

35

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

35

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations 

in the social and economic area

35




46

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



GYP Properties Limited

Company Reg No. 200304719G

1 Lorong 2 Toa Payoh, Braddell House, Singapore 319637 | T. +65 6351 1000 I F. +65 6354 3828 I W. www.gypproperties.com

