
1

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED 2019

Message from our Board Of Directors  03  Corporate Profile 05  About this Report 07  Our Approach to Sustainability 09 

Sustainability at GYP Properties 13  GRI Standards Content Index 29  


2

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

03 Message from our Board  

of Directors

05	 Corporate	Profile

07 About this Report

 

Board Statement

 

Reporting Scope and Period

 

Targets

 

Reporting Framework

 

Access

 

Feedback

09	 Our	Approach	to	Sustainability

 

Corporate Governance

 

Enterprise Risk Management

 

Sustainability	Governance

 

Sustainability	Methodology	

 

The	Ten	Principles	of	the	UN	Global	Compact	

 

13 

Sustainability	at	GYP	Properties	

 

Materiality	and	Stakeholder	Engagement

 

Material	Impact	Areas	and	Indicators	Identified	

 

Economic Performance

 

Anti-Corruption

 

Emissions

 

Environmental	Compliance

 

Occupational	Health	and	Safety

 

Diversity	and	Equal	Opportunity

 

Customer	Health	and	Safety

 

Customer	Privacy

 

Socioeconomic	Compliance

 

Social	Impact

29	 GRI	Standards	Content	Index

CONTENTS






3

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Message from our  

Board of Directors

GYP Properties Limited (“GYPP”) and our subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) are 

pleased to present our 2019 Sustainability Report. As our 2nd standalone annual 

Sustainability Report, this document includes detailed information about issues 

material to our business and demonstrates our commitment to continuously 

improving our sustainability management. Through transparent reporting and 

communication across environmental, social and governance-related impact areas, 

we aim to keep our stakeholders - including our employees, shareholders, business 

partners and community members - up to date with the Group’s strategy, progress  

and performance. 

In 2015, the Sustainable Development Goals (“SDGs”) were set by the United Nations 

(“UN”) as a blueprint to achieve a better and more sustainable future for all with the 

aim of achieving these by 2030. The SDGs comprise 17 interconnected goals that 

represent a call to action by all countries. As a real estate company with businesses 

in property development, investment and management; we aim to do our part in 

working towards the global goals, particularly around SDG 16: Peace, justice and strong 

institutions, SDG 11: Sustainable cities and communities, and SDG 8: Decent work and 

economic growth; and we welcome collaborations with like-minded stakeholders. As 

a signatory of the UN Global Compact’s Ten Principles, we are committed to meeting 

fundamental responsibilities in the areas of human rights, labour, environment and 

anti-corruption; and believe that principles and profits go hand in hand. 


4

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Mah Bow Tan 

Chairman

Ng Tiong Gee  

Director

Andrew Tay Gim Chuan 

Lead Independent Director

Stanley Tan Poh Leng 

Chief Executive Officer

Pang Yoke Min 

Director

Loo Wen Lieh 

Director

30 November 2019

This year was a milestone year for environmental action, with significantly heightened 

global awareness about climate change and record breaking activism around the 

world; in response, our team underwent training to better understand our operating 

environment, and improve our internal standards and processes. With urgent action 

needed to decarbonise, the Group has taken immediate action to offset 100% of 

the operational carbon emissions (Scope 1 and 2 energy related emissions) of our 

buildings with certified carbon credits, making Braddell House and Pakuranga Plaza 

net zero carbon. Simultaneously, we continue to work towards best practice in social 

and governance areas. As a public-listed company on the Singapore Exchange, we 

strive to uphold high standards in corporate governance and continue to maintain 

our zero tolerance for non-compliance. We are also pleased to announce our “Gift 

of Home” programme under which for every home GYPP sells, we are partnering 

Singapore non-profit organisation billionBricks to donate an innovative all-weather 

shelter to a homeless or displaced family in the region. 64 shelters from FY19 sales  

of Bellfield Estate are being sent to families affected by the earthquakes in 

Mindanao, Philippines.   

As we continue on our journey, we look to adding more value to our stakeholders and 

using best practice not only for the financial returns of the business, but also for the 

impact it has on our staff, community and environment.






5

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

 GYP Properties Limited is a real estate company with assets under 

management of S$174 million as at 30 June 2019. With our mission of 

being a trusted property company that delivers projects that owners 

and users value, we focus on driving financial performance and growth 

for our stakeholders, while at the same time contributing to sustainable 

development. We aim to do this via a robust and diversified property 

portfolio in which we combine Singapore’s innovative development 

experience in multi-layered hubs and community living, with  

New Zealand’s strong consideration for materials. 

Headquartered in Singapore, the Group has offices in Singapore and 

New Zealand, and has a portfolio consisting 303,051 sqm of land, 

comprising commercial, retail and residential assets. Our key projects 

in New Zealand include Remarkables Residences in Queenstown, as 

well as Bellfield Estate and Pakuranga Town Centre in Auckland. 

The Company was listed on the Singapore Exchange on 9 December 

2004 and we continue on our journey as a focused property company 

with an expectation of launching five projects in the coming three years. 

For more information about our property portfolio, financial review and 

shareholder information for the financial year, please refer to our Annual 

Report. Key figures for the financial year ended 30 June 2019 may be 

found on the next page.

CORPORATE 

PROFILE


6

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

* Exclude results of discontinued operations. 

# Inclusive of results of continuing and discontinued operations. 

Note: Market capitalisation is based on the closing share price on 28 June 2019. Shares in issues (excluding treasury shares) are  

275 million as at 30 June 2019.     

S$75.9M

Group’s 

Net 

Assets

S$37.1M

MARKET

CAP

S$9.3M 

R E V E N U E

*

S$2.4M 

E B I T D A*

S$0.9

0.9M

PROFIT  

AFTER  

TAX

#

1.33%

Return on Equity

#

S$174.0

174.0M

P R O P E R T Y  P O R T F O L I O  S I Z E


7

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

BOARD STATEMENT

This Sustainability Report is set out on a “comply or explain” 

basis in accordance with Rule 711A, 711B and Practice Note 

7.6 of the Listing Manual of the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”). The key material environmental, 

social and governance factors for the Group have been 

identified and reviewed by the Chairman and the CEO. The 

Board of Directors oversees the management and monitoring 

of these factors and takes them into consideration in the 

determination of the Group’s strategic direction and policies. 

The Board ensures that all material issues are reviewed and 

approves the organisation’s Sustainability Report. Sustainability 

continues to be a key component of the Company’s wider 

strategy to create long term sustained value for all our 

stakeholders and the Group is committed to working towards 

improving the economic, environmental and social well-being of 

the communities we operate in. We support the precautionary 

approach to manage risks and reduce our environmental 

impact, which means that where there are threats of serious or 

irreversible damage, lack of full scientific certainty is not used 

as a reason for postponing cost-effective measures to prevent 

environmental degradation. 

REPORTING SCOPE AND PERIOD

Published no later than 30 November each year, this report 

covers sustainability performance across the Group, which 

includes our wholly-owned subsidiaries in Singapore and 

New Zealand, and our businesses in property investment, 

development and management. In-scope properties include 

Remarkables Residences in Queenstown; Bellfield Estate 

and Pakuranga Plaza in Auckland; as well as Braddell House 

in Singapore. All entities included in the organisation’s 

consolidated financial statements have been included in this 

report; please refer to pages 152 to 153 of our Annual Report 

for details of these entities. Although the data and information 

provided in this report is not externally assured, it has been 

prepared with the requisite due diligence and the Group may 

seek external assurance in the future. The reporting period is 

prepared based on GYPP’s financial year, which covers 1 July 

2018 to 30 June 2019.

ABOUT 

THIS REPORT




8

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

TARGETS

Where relevant, we utilise SMART goal setting criteria to set 

our targets. SMART is an acronym that stands for Specific, 

Measurable, Achievable, Realistic and Timely, allowing us 

to organise and improve our sustainability performance 

year-on-year. To understand our sustainability strategy and 

performance better, we encourage stakeholders to also refer 

to our 2018 Sustainability Report, which can be found on our 

company website.

REPORTING FRAMEWORK

This Sustainability Report has been prepared in accordance 

with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards 2016: 

Core option. GRI is the most widely adopted global standards 

for sustainability reporting and provides businesses 

and organisations worldwide a framework to measure, 

understand and communicate critical sustainability issues on 

environmental, economic and social impact to stakeholders. 

For further information on relevant references, please refer 

to the GRI Content Index at the end of this report. Where 

appropriate, we also integrate elements of other frameworks 

such as the UN Sustainable Development Goals that ensure 

we consider the global direction and are working towards the 

same goals, as well as the Sustainability Accounting Standards 

Board that provides industry-specific reporting standards to 

allow benchmarking and comparison.

ACCESS

As part of our efforts to reduce our environmental footprint, no 

hard copies of this Sustainability Report have been printed. You 

may visit the SGX website or our Investor Centre available at 

www.gypproperties.com to access our Sustainability Report.

FEEDBACK

If you have any feedback, questions or suggestions, please 

email sustainability@gypproperties.com. We welcome and 

value feedback from our stakeholders as this enables us to 

consistently improve our policies, processes and performance, 

as well as enhance the accuracy, completeness and coverage 

of our reporting.  




9

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



The Group firmly believes that good corporate governance 

is critical for establishing long-lasting trust with stakeholders 

and as such, the Board and senior management of GYPP are 

committed to continuously validating our business processes 

and maintaining best practices to ensure sustainability across 

the Group’s operations. We believe that conducting business 

with integrity and commitment at all levels and establishing a 

transparent, accountable and equitable system increases the 

value of the Company and its value to our shareholders. For 

more information about our corporate governance and Board 

of Directors, please refer to our Annual Report as follows:

• 

Our Board and its Committees, pages 31 to 33, 38;

• 

Corporate Governance Reports, pages 40 to 52;

• 

Our nomination and selection processes, pages 43 to 44;

• 

Processes to ensure conflicts of interest are avoided and 

managed, and how they are disclosed, pages 48 to 49;

• 

Remuneration policies for the Board of Directors and senior 

executives, pages 45 to 47;

• 

Performance criteria in remuneration policies for economic, 

environmental and social topics, pages, 45 to 47; and

• 

Process for determining remuneration, page 45.

The Board has overall responsibility to ensure accurate 

financial and sustainability reporting for the Group, as well 

as effectiveness of internal controls. The latter includes 

financial, operational, compliance and IT controls, as well 

as risk management policies and systems. The Audit 

Committee assists the Board by providing oversight of risk 

management and reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of 

the Group’s risk management systems and internal controls; 

these include financial, operational, compliance, IT controls 

and environmental, social and corporate governance (ESG) 

impact areas. Additionally, the Audit Committee is also 

responsible for reporting its observations to the Board on 

any matters under its purview and making recommendations 

where appropriate. In GYPP’s Enterprise Risk Management 

Framework, implementation and maintenance is undertaken 

by the senior management team who are responsible for 

establishing specific objectives, strategies, guidelines and day-

to-day risk management activities. The senior management 

team reports to the Audit Committee and provides updates 

on the risk management activities. Significant risks identified 

are assessed, managed and monitored within the Company’s 

risk management framework. The Group continually reviews 

its business and operational activities to ensure emerging 

risks, including ESG impact areas, are being considered for 

proper assessment, monitoring and reporting as appropriate. 

Where relevant, suitable measures to control and mitigate 

these risks are implemented and may include safety, security, 

internal control measures and taking up appropriate insurance 

coverage. The Group’s financial risk management programme 

seeks to minimise and safeguard potential adverse effects of 

the volatility and unpredictability of financial markets on the 

company’s financial performance.

OUR APPROACH 

TO SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE

ENTERPRISE RISK 

MANAGEMENT


10

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

At GYPP, we are committed to continuously challenging 

ourselves on our sustainability journey and improving our 

business practices and management. In order to strengthen 

the Group’s direction and performance, in FY18 our Corporate 

Marketing function was expanded to include responsibility for 

Sustainability (economic, environmental and social issues); 

reporting to a Sustainability Committee that was established to 

review and offer recommendations to the Board. The Corporate 

Marketing &amp; Sustainability function then works with the various 

business units to implement the corporate strategy, reporting 

to the Sustainability and Audit Committees on progress. With 

the Board as the organisation’s highest governance body, 

reports and presentations are periodically submitted and 

conducted to develop and enhance their collective knowledge 

of economic, environmental, and social issues. As a Group, we 

believe that sustainability needs to be at the core of what our 

business does, with all areas of the business buying into it.

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE

GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE

Board of Directors

Audit Committee

Sustainability 

Committee

Property 

Development

Property 

Management  

SG

Finance, 

HR &amp; IT

Property 

Management  

NZ

Corporate 

Marketing &amp;  

Sustainability

Figure 1: A Sustainability Committee was established in FY18 to review and offer recommendations to the Board, as well as work with the various 

corporate functions for execution.


11

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

We have employed a systematic internal framework to assess and evaluate our economic, environmental, social and governance 

practices as we believe that adopting an effective methodology will not only allow us to identify key policies and performances, but 

also allow consistent and meaningful reporting year-on-year for more reliable tracking and understanding. 

SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY

PLAN AND  

SCOPE

COLLECT 

DATA

ENGAGE  

STAKEHOLDERS

ASSESS  

MATERIALITY

REPORT

Figure 2: A systematic framework is used to assess and evaluate our economic, environmental, social and governance practices. 




12

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

HUMAN RIGHTS

Principle 1: Businesses should support and respect the 

protection of internationally proclaimed human rights; and

Principle 2: make sure that they are not complicit in human 

rights abuses.

LABOUR

Principle 3: Businesses should uphold the freedom of 

association and the effective recognition of the right to 

collective bargaining;

Principle 4: the elimination of all forms of forced and 

compulsory labour;

Principle 5: the effective abolition of child labour; and

Principle 6: the elimination of discrimination in respect of 

employment and occupation.

ENVIRONMENT

Principle 7: Businesses should support a precautionary 

approach to environmental challenges;

Principle 8: undertake initiatives to promote greater 

environmental responsibility; and

Principle 9: encourage the development and diffusion of 

environmentally friendly technologies.

ANTI-CORRUPTION

Principle 10: Businesses should work against corruption in all 

its forms, including extortion and bribery.

On 14 November 2019, the Group became a signatory of the UN Global Compact’s Ten Principles. By incorporating these principles 

in our strategies, policies and procedures, we pledge to meet fundamental responsibilities in the areas of human rights, labour, 

environment and anti-corruption. The Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact are listed below and are derived from the Universal 

Declaration of Human Rights, the International Labour Organisation’s declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, the 

Rio Declaration on Environment and Development, and the United National Convention Against Corruption.

THE TEN PRINCIPLES OF THE UNITED NATIONS (“UN”) 

GLOBAL COMPACT






13

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

ACQUISITION

PRODUCT 

DEVELOPMENT

OUR VALUE CHAIN

Figure 3: Understanding our value chain allows us to better assess our impact areas as a Group, as well as identify our stakeholders and material 

aspects relevant to our business.

A critical starting point in understanding our impact areas as a Group is to identify our stakeholders and material aspects relevant 

to our business. To do that, we have analysed our value and supply chains, and looked into our various functions and stakeholders 

involved. 

MATERIALITY AND STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

PRODUCT 

DELIVERY

TRANSACTIONS

SUSTAINABILITY AT 

GYP PROPERTIES

USE

Sourcing

Deal structuring

Financing

Research

Business planning

Consultant team 

formation

Design

Permits / approvals

Marketing

Pre-sales

Procurement 

Site development

Foundations

Building construction

(Installation)

Site restoration

Project management

Marketing

Sales / leasing

After sales 

Property 

management




14

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

OUR SUPPLY CHAIN

Figure 4: Understanding our supply chain allows us to focus upstream on analysing supplier and producer processes.

MATERIAL 

SUPPLIERS

TRANSPORTATION

BUILDERS

SALES &amp; 

MARKETING

CUSTOMERS

TRANSPORTATION

INSTALLATION

For GYPP, key stakeholders include our customers, suppliers, 

shareholders, employees and regulators; and both formal and 

informal channels of communication are used to engage and 

consult them on issues important to them and our business. 

Input and guidance are provided by the Board of Directors, 

with interests and requirements of other key stakeholders also 

taken into account when developing our corporate strategies. 

The Group would also like to note that in addition to traditional 

construction methods employed, we have also incorporated 

prebuild installation methods into our supply chain this year 

and the relevant supplier is an innovative international company 

based in Vietnam. In understanding of our value and supply 

chains, we take a holistic and systems thinking approach to our 

organisation and our impact. 




15

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

STAKEHOLDER MAPPING &amp; ENGAGEMENT

Key Stakeholder 

Groups

Communication goal

Frequency of 

communication

Means of 

communication

Communication topics

Employees

Recruitment and 

retention of talent, job 

satisfaction

Regularly

Staff appraisals, 

survey, meetings, 

emails, corporate 

updates, phone calls, 

team events, group 

documents

Human resource 

management and 

group operations

Board of Directors

Improve governance 

and develop group 

direction

Quarterly and as 

required

Board meetings, 

informal meetings, 

emails, board papers

Corporate governance 

and strategy

Government agencies 

and regulators

Align with national 

goals

As required

Meetings, emails, 

phone calls, Annual 

Reports, corporate 

announcements

Corporate governance 

and opportunities to 

promote collaboration

Shareholders

Maintain shareholder 

satisfaction

Annually and as 

required

Annual General 

Meetings, 

Extraordinary General 

Meetings, Annual 

Reports, corporate 

announcements, 

website, emails, social 

media, survey

Group performance

Customers, tenants 

and users

Ensure satisfaction 

with products and 

services

As required

Meetings, emails, 

campaigns / launches, 

social media, website, 

posters

Quality, design, 

conditions, safety, 

amenities and services, 

conserving resources 

and managing waste

Local community

Improve wellbeing of 

community

As required

Meetings, emails, 

campaigns, social 

media, website

Safety, noise, 

development and 

events

Consultants, 

contractors 

and suppliers

Foster teamwork and 

deepen collaboration 

that promotes 

learning, innovation 

and improves material 

impact areas 

Regularly

Meetings, emails,  

phone calls, official 

protocols such as 

tendering processes 

and vendor 

assessments

Commercial 

opportunities and 

operations

Banks

Financing of the 

Group’s activities

Regularly

Meetings, emails, 

phone calls, corporate 

announcements

Business and 

development 

performance

Figure 5: Understanding our stakeholders and managing our engagement channels allows us to embed impact areas important to them into our 

corporate strategies.




16

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



UN Sustainability Development Goals

Impact Areas

Our Involvement

Building effective, 

accountable institutions.

• Economic performance 

• Anti-corruption

• Customer privacy

• Socioeconomic compliance

We strive to uphold high standards in corporate 

governance and business ethics as a public-

listed company on the Singapore Exchange and 

target zero non-compliance. We continue to  

strengthen our property portfolio and work  

towards providing value to our investors; 

continually assessing and addressing potential 

market risks. The Group is a signatory of the UN  

Global Compact’s Ten Principles.

Promoting inclusive and 

sustainable economic 

growth, employment and 

decent work for all.

• Diversity and equal opportunity

We maintain a policy of providing equal 

opportunities to all our employees and believe 

that attracting, developing and retaining a 

diverse workforce is important to operate 

successfully. GYPP has endorsed the Employers’ 

Pledge of Fair Employment Practices with 

tripartite partners - the Ministry of Manpower, 

the National Trades Union Congress and the 

Singapore National Employers Federation.

Making cities inclusive, safe, 

resilient and sustainable; as 

well as promoting resource 

and energy efficiency and a 

better quality of life for all.

• Emissions

• Environmental compliance 

We adhere to environmental regulations and 

target zero non-compliance. The Group is 

committed to reducing our environmental 

footprint 

and 

we 

encourage 

responsible 

practices and use of resources among our 

suppliers and tenants. GYPP is proud to be 

certified Carbon Friendly with Ekos and we 

operate net zero carbon buildings (Scope 1 and 

2 energy related emissions).

Ensuring safe working 

environments in all 

operations.

• Occupational health and safety

• Customer health and safety

Health and safety are of utmost importance 

to us. GYPP is diligent in following the relevant 

codes and management systems for customer 

health and safety, and we encourage suppliers 

to ensure safe working environments for their 

workers. 

Addressing the inequalities 

faced by vulnerable 

communities by providing 

increased access to 

services and assets.

• Social impact

We aim to support local and other vulnerable 

communities through donations, fundraising 

activities, volunteering and gifts in kind. “Gift of 

Home” is our keystone programme to show our 

commitment to building a strong, sustainable 

company with a pronounced social core.

Where the impact occurs:        • Internal 

• Internal &amp; External 



Beyond applying the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) 

Standards and considering the broader societal expectations 

by a strict observation of regulations and best practice 

guidelines that apply to each component of our organisation, 

we incorporate industry-specific reporting standards where 

relevant and look to align our strategies with the global direction 

of the UN Sustainable Development Goals. The resulting impact 

areas obtained from our assessments are summarised below 

and reviewed on an annual basis by the Board. 

MATERIAL IMPACT AREAS &amp; INDICATORS IDENTIFIED









Figure 6: Material impact areas identified after applying reporting and industry guidance, as well as incorporating inputs gathered from stakeholders.








17

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

With our transition from media to real estate completed, GYPP 

is taking the next step to realise our potential as a property 

company. The Group’s focus is on driving financial performance 

and delivering growth for our stakeholders with an expectation 

of launching five projects in the coming three years. We seek 

to continuously bring stakeholders more value with a focus 

on best practices and sustainable development, which allows 

us to remain attractive to our business community, as well 

as employees, shareholders and customers. As at 30 June 

2019, GYPP has assets under management of S$174 million 

across a diversified portfolio. In FY19, the Group’s revenue 

from operations was S$9.3 million, a decrease of S$1.1 million 

or 10.6% compared to S$10.3 million for FY2018 due mainly 

to lower rental income and a weaker New Zealand dollar 

exchange rate. This impact area occurs within the organisation 

as a direct result of business operations and we continue to 

believe that New Zealand is an attractive and stable market with 

long-term growth potential. GYPP has a dynamic management 

team with diverse skills across our Singapore and Auckland 

offices, who drive and implement GYPP’s business strategy. 

The management team holds regular business unit meetings 

to update on performance and discuss challenges. The Chief 

Executive Officer bears executive responsibility for the Group’s 

business direction and operational decisions; and quarterly 

Board Meetings led by the Board Chairman are held to discuss 

economic performance. GYPP’s business strategy and 

property projects are reviewed regularly to allow for responses 

to changing market conditions. For more information about  

our economic performance this year, please refer to the 

following sections:

• Key Figures, page 6 of this report; 

• Financial Review, pages 30 to 31 of our 2019 Annual  

 

Report; and 

• Financial Statements, pages 66 to 144 of our 2019  

 

Annual Report.

Environmental, social and corporate governance (“ESG”) 

factors are increasingly vital for business continuation, with 

ESG performance linked to a sustainable return. Aside from 

risk mitigation, addressing sustainability also has commercial 

impacts, which can be both strategic and operational. 

The Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (“SASB”) 

recommends physical impacts of climate change as a 

sustainability issue that is likely to affect the financial condition 

of companies within the real estate sector in their SASB 

Materiality Map®. Physical impacts include higher temperatures, 

rising sea levels, more extreme weather events and change in 

rainfall pattern, which will occur in different extents throughout 

this century and beyond. These risks, particularly flood risk 

due to sea level rise, are considered during acquisitions 

and are managed by the Audit Committee that makes 

recommendations where appropriate. For more information 

about GYPP’s Enterprise Risk Management, please refer  

to page  9. 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE GRI 201




18

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

The Group believes that upholding an ethos of transparency 

and compliance is critical to being an effective and accountable 

institution, and that business ethics are vital in maintaining a 

strong corporate reputation. As an impact that occurs within 

the organisation, GYPP does not tolerate corruption in any 

form; all forms of corruption are prohibited, including extortion  

and bribery. 

At all times, we aim to conduct our business with the highest 

standards of integrity and honesty and we expect all staff to 

maintain the same standards in everything they do. In order to 

communicate the company’s commitment to anti-corruption, 

as well as anti-corruption best practice and compliance 

requirements, all employees are signatories to a compliance 

commitment to educate and broaden awareness throughout 

the organisation. Our staff are reminded of the importance of 

upholding the highest standards and are updated by the Group 

with relevant developments in international and local regulations 

where applicable. In line with best practice, the Group requires 

employees involved in a conflict of interest situation or in one 

which could potentially lead to a conflict of interest, to report 

the matter to the Company. Employees are also encouraged 

to report concerns about any unethical or unlawful behaviour 

or any actions that may put the organisation’s integrity at risk. 

Policies on mechanisms for seeking such advice about ethical 

and lawful behaviour are detailed in the Group’s Employee 

Handbook with blackout trading periods of GYPP shares 

also observed before results announcements. To promote 

responsible and secure whistleblowing, the Group has 

established a Whistleblowing Policy to provide a mechanism 

for staff of GYPP to report malpractices in the workplace to the 

appropriate person and for the necessary follow-up action to be 

taken. This mechanism facilitates malpractices being reported 

and dealt with in a timely and appropriate manner and protects 

genuine whistleblowers from any unfair treatment as a result of 

their reports. Below is a summary of group mechanisms and 

policies in place. 

ANTI-CORRUPTION GRI 205

Governance 

Anti-Corruption Policy 

GYPP adopts a zero-tolerance stance towards corruption and bribery. Employees 

are expected to conduct and carry themselves in a manner consistent with the 

values of GYPP, and are required to adhere to a Code of Conduct and observe 

ethical behaviour.

Anti-Corruption Compliance Commitment

All GYPP employees are signatories to an anti-corruption compliance commitment 

aimed at protecting the company from corruption risks, as well as educating and 

broadening awareness throughout the organisation.

Policy on Conflict of Interest 

GYPP details a rigorous set of procedures to address any potential conflict of 

interest risks. All interested person transactions and situations of conflicted 

interest are subject to review by the Audit Committee, and all employees and major 

service providers have to declare any potential conflicts of interest before entering 

into transactions.

Fraud Risk Management Framework 

GYPP has a framework that sets out the principles and approach in a robust system 

of controls and procedures to manage fraud risks. The processes established to 

identify areas exposed to fraud are clearly defined and incorporated in the Risk 

Profile Register. 

Internal Code of Securities Dealing 

GYPP has an internal code which prohibits Directors and executives of the Group 

from dealing in its shares while in possession of unpublished material or non-public 

price sensitive information in relation to such securities and during blackout trading 

periods. 

Whistleblowing Policy 

GYPP has a Whistleblowing Policy which aims to ensure that staff are confident that 

they can raise any matters that cause them concern to their immediate supervisor 

or in other instances, to the CEO, CFO, Corporate Marketing Director or the Audit 

Committee; with the knowledge that it would be taken seriously, be dealt with in the 

highest confidence, and be acted upon; while ensuring protection from possible 

reprisals and victimisation.

No reported incidents of corruption have been reported and 

as a result, no fines, penalties, settlements or sanctions for 

non-compliance with laws and regulations have been awarded 

against GYPP in relation to any corruption or governance issue. 

GYPP targets to maintain zero incidents next year and into  

the future.

Figure 7: Group mechanisms and policies in place to communicate and manage our commitment to anti-corruption.


19

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

With impacts already being felt around the world, climate 

change is no longer a distant threat. In 2015, 195 countries 

around the world signed The Paris Agreement, the world’s first 

comprehensive binding climate agreement. A key aspect of 

the Paris Agreement includes a commitment to keeping the 

rise in global temperature well below 2°C above pre-industrial 

levels, and to strive to limit this to 1.5°C. As such, emissions is 

a material impact for GYPP and we are committed to reducing 

our carbon footprint while operating our businesses; the impact 

occurs both in and outside the organisation. 

The table below shows our total greenhouse gas (GHG) 

emissions in metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) 

for our corporate office and buildings. The Group has opted to 

report building energy emissions under the financial control 

approach which includes operations over which we are able 

to direct financial and operating policies; this means that 

emissions from purchased electricity consumed by our tenants 

have been recorded under Scope 2.  

CO2 (carbon dioxide), CH4 (methane) and N20 (nitrous oxide) 

emissions have been recorded in the table above and the 

global warming potential (GWP) rates from the Fifth Assessment 

Report (AR5) have been used.

Scope 1 Includes direct emissions from fuel used by our 

company-owned vehicle and power generator. As the generator 

is only refuelled occasionally, carbon emissions will be recorded 

in the year it is fuelled, rather than the year of combustion. The 

IPCC Greenhouse Gas Protocol GHG Emissions Calculation 

Tool v2.6 and Greenhouse Gas Protocol Emission Factors from 

Cross-Sector Tools (March 2017) were used.

Scope 2 Includes indirect emissions due to purchased 

electricity consumed at GYPP’s buildings in Singapore and 

New Zealand, and includes the emissions produced by our 

tenants. It currently excludes our construction sites due to 

lack of data. The grid emissions factors were derived from 

Singapore’s Energy Market Authority, updated 11 July 2018; 

and New Zealand’s Ministry for the Environment, A Guide for 

Organisations – 2019; and energy consumption was obtained 

from invoices and reports.

Scope 3 Includes all business air travel, including both 

domestic and international flights across the Group. The IPCC 

Greenhouse Gas Protocol GHG Emissions Calculation Tool 

v2.6 was used and emissions have been calculated based on 

distance and class travelled. 

Total carbon emissions in FY2019 was 1.25% lower compared 

to FY2018, with the largest source of emissions being building 

energy consumption, accounting for 92.5% of the Company’s 

total carbon footprint. Local electricity grid emission factors 

have been used in calculations.

To show GYPP’s commitment to reducing our carbon footprint, 

the Group has made the decision to align our carbon reduction 

goal with the World Green Building Council’s Net Zero Carbon 

Buildings Commitment. This Commitment challenges 

companies, cities, states and regions to reach Net Zero 

operating emissions in their portfolios by 2030. With urgent 

action needed to decarbonise, GYPP has taken immediate 

action to offset our FY19 operational carbon emissions at 

our buildings (Scope 1 and 2), as well as all business Air Travel 

(Scope 3) with certified carbon credits. Carbon offset schemes 

allow the Company to invest in environmental projects to 

balance out our carbon footprint by calculating our emissions 

and ‘investing’ the same amount to reduce emissions elsewhere, 

thus making emissions ‘carbon neutral’. To do this, the Group 

works with New Zealand-based Ekos and we are proud to be 

certified Carbon Friendly. Ekos is a non-profit enterprise that 

grows and protects indigenous forests, delivering sustainable 

development outcomes in rural communities in Aotearoa-New 

Zealand and the Pacific Islands. Their carbon credits come 

from the growth of new forests and the protection of existing 

forests from logging, and all credits sold by Ekos are retired 

from the appropriate third-party registry. At the same time, an 

annual emission reduction programme is being set to progress 

towards reducing emissions, particularly building energy 

consumption. This reduction plan will be based on individual 

building targets and Building Managers will be responsible for 

achieving their individual building targets and programmes. 

Construction materials make up 60-80% of GHG emissions 

associated with the production of a building. As a result, 

GYPP has been exploring alternative materials and methods 

of construction to both reduce the embodied carbon of our 

buildings, as well as to reduce construction and demolition 

waste. We are working with our consultants and builders to 

incorporate Homestar rating elements – which include energy, 

health, comfort; water, waste and materials – into our design 

work and expect to reach between six and nine stars. Homestar 

is a comprehensive, independent national rating tool by the 

New Zealand Green Building Council. A ‘6 Homestar’ rating or 

higher provides assurance that a house will be better quality – 

warmer, driver, healthier and cost less to run – as compared to 

a typical new house built to building code; and a ‘10 Homestar’ 

rating denotes a world leading home. To optimise the use of 

our buildings, we select the latest in energy-efficient lighting, 

heating and appliances.

EMISSIONS GRI 305

Environmental Performance (metric tons of CO2e)

FY2018

FY2019

Scope 1 

Vehicle fuel

17.16

8.22

Building generator

0.54

- 

Scope 2  

Building energy

1161.78

1126.98

Scope 3 

Air travel

54.09

82.99

Total

1,233.57

1,218.19

Figure 8: The Group’s GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2e according to Scope 1, 2, 3. 


20

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

GYPP believes that environmental compliance is not only an 

important consideration for a strong corporate reputation as a 

real estate business, but also that ensuring compliance helps 

to minimise financial and legal issues. The Group carries out 

environmentally conscious practices and keeps up to date with 

best practices relevant to our business. Our property portfolio 

is predominantly made up of assets in New Zealand. With 

New Zealand’s heavy reliance on its natural environment, the 

government promotes the sustainable management of natural 

and physical resources, such as land, air and water, via the 

Resource Management Act (RMA) 1991. The RMA manages 

the use, development and protection of natural and physical 

resources in a way, or at a rate, which enables people and 

communities to provide for their social and cultural well-being 

and for their health and safety, while at the same time:

• Sustaining the potential of natural and physical resources  

 

(excluding minerals) to meet the reasonably foreseeable  

 

needs of future generations; 

• Safeguarding the life-supporting capacity of air, water, soil  

 

and ecosystems; and 

• Avoiding, remedying or mitigating any adverse effects on  

 

the environment.

We take diligent care in adhering to the RMA standards and 

relevant regional standards, and we conduct regular reviews 

of policies and internal checks, as well as environmental 

impact assessments of our projects prior to construction to 

establish appropriate mitigation measures. As GYPP project 

manages our developments and works with consultant teams 

to deliver projects, this impact occurs both in and outside 

the organisation. To ensure compliance, we work closely with 

our contractors and hire experts to lead the work in doing so 

where necessary. No fines or non-monetary sanctions for 

non-compliance with environmental laws/or regulations were 

recorded in the reporting period. We target to maintain this 

track record next year and into the future.  

In addition to complying with local regulations, the Group 

maintains several internal policies related to the environment, 

which we have listed on the next page.

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE GRI 307




21

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

SEA: BAN ON SHARK PRODUCTS

The Group is a signatory of the WWF-Singapore Businesses Against Shark Fin pledge. Sharks are apex predators and play 

a crucial role in maintaining the health of marine ecosystems. According to the International Union for the Conservation 

of Nature (IUCN), a quarter of the world’s sharks and rays, and one third of pelagic (open ocean) sharks and rays, are 

threatened with extinction. Shark populations around the world are in decline due to illegal fishing, shark finning and shark 

mitigation strategies, with an estimated 100 million sharks killed annually. To do our part to protect sharks, GYPP has  

in place a companywide ban that prohibits the procurement of shark fin and other shark products at both internal and 

hosted events.  

LAND: WASTE MANAGEMENT 

GYPP is committed to addressing responsible consumption at our properties by decreasing the total amount of waste 

collected and increasing our recycling rate. We have launched a number of initiatives to help us improve efficiencies. 

In addition to implementing waste sorting at source, a ban against the corporate procurement of single-use plastic 

bottles was put in place in FY18. The Group subsequently held its first single-use plastic free Annual General Meeting in 

2019 and aims to continue doing so moving forward. To reduce employee consumption of single-use packaging, food 

containers and cutlery are made available in-office to minimise waste, particularly plastic, generated from takeaway food. 

The Group voluntarily offers an e-waste collection programme at our headquarters in Singapore that is open to the public 

to encourage the responsible disposal of electronics. In FY19, we collected a total of 373.24kg of e-waste which was 

subsequently sent for proper recycling. A similar programme will be launched in New Zealand in 2020. The Group also 

believes in proactively influencing and engaging key stakeholders in our value chain, particularly our suppliers, to work 

towards continuously improving the sustainability of our products while balancing performance.






22

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

The Group strongly believes in providing a safe environment 

for our workforce. Across our value chain, there are business 

operations wherein GYPP has control of work and the 

workplace, and instances where we use suppliers who work 

on the supplier’s premises and use the supplier’s work 

methods. As such, this impact occurs both in and outside the 

organisation. Not only is looking after our people the right thing 

to do, but maintaining a good track record is also important for 

our reputation, as well as minimising financial and legal issues. 

On sites where we have both control of work and workplace, 

our teams have identified potential hazards, put in place 

suitable control measures and standard operating procedures 

which ensure that employees are well-equipped and have the 

relevant training to respond appropriately and safely. Where 

contractors are appointed, we ensure they are selected based 

on our assessments and the recommendations of independent 

third parties. We comply to the relevant health and safety codes 

(Health and Safety at Work Act 2015, Workplace Safety and 

Health Act) and have appropriate occupational health and 

safety management systems in place, including ensuring the 

appropriate certifications and licenses are obtained to conduct 

our business operations, for example, safety inspections and 

evacuation trials. Where relevant, we provide contractors with 

hazard information and control procedures, and maintain a “stop 

work” policy in the event there is reasonable doubt of safety. 

In order to prevent and mitigate negative impacts, we ensure 

that we are up to date with industry standards, reports and 

improvements; and that our suppliers adhere to and monitor 

OHS procedures. While our main contractor is responsible for 

OHS on site during construction, we ensure that they have all 

applicable procedures and reporting in place, and undertake 

random checks. Should any significant health and safety 

incidence occur, management are informed and work-related 

incidents will be investigated to identify the hazards, as well as 

to determine corrective actions and improvements needed. 

Where we use suppliers who work at the supplier’s premises 

and use the supplier’s work methods, the Group understands 

that we have a responsibility to prevent and mitigate negative 

OHS impacts. 

Below is a record of our safety performance with data based on 

employee and contractor reports. 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY (“OHS”) GRI 403

Safety Performance

FY2018

FY2019

Property Development 

Number of workplace fatalities

0

0

Number of non-fatal workplace injuries

0

0

Number of minor first-aid injurie

0

13

Number of lost days

0

0

Property Management

Number of workplace fatalities

0

0

Number of non-fatal workplace injuries

1

0

Number of minor first-aid injuries

3

1

In the financial year ending 30 June 2019, there have been no 

fines, warnings or breaches in health and safety codes. We 

target to maintain this track record next year and into the future.   



Figure 9: The Group’s safety performance record.


23

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

The Group maintains a policy of providing equal opportunities 

to all our employees and believes that attracting, developing 

and retaining a diverse workforce is important to operate 

successfully. Operating in countries with diverse workforces, it is 

important that we implement fair and merit-based employment 

practices not only because it is the right thing to do, but also 

to increase the chances of finding the best person for the 

job. As such, our recruitment and performance assessments 

of employees are based on merit, work attitude, cooperation 

with other staff, as well as their efficiency and effectiveness 

of work; and we believe in granting equal opportunities to 

every person. This impact occurs within the organisation 

and in demonstrating our commitment to diversity and equal 

opportunity, we have endorsed the Employers’ Pledge of Fair 

Employment Practices with tripartite partners - the Ministry 

of Manpower, the National Trades Union Congress and the 

Singapore National Employers Federation. 

As of the date of this report, the Group has a total of  

18 employees. While our corporate office activities, facilities 

management and project management are conducted in 

house by employees, the Group uses external consultants and 

builders to deliver development projects. The Group does not 

experience seasonal variations in employee numbers and the 

data covers employees of GYPP only and excludes consultants.

We are committed to achieving gender equality through 

remuneration based on merit and GYPP would like to highlight 

that we have a zero tolerance policy to workplace discrimination, 

violence and harassment. The following data shows the ratio of 

basic salary and remuneration of women to men.

Ratio of average basic remuneration of women to men for 

each employee category: 

a. Management – 0.54 (Average basic remuneration of women  

 in management divided by average basic remuneration of  

 men in management); 

b. Non-management – 1.11 (Average basic remuneration  

 of women not in management divided by average basic  

 remuneration of men not in management); 

Ratio of average basic remuneration of women to men for 

each significant location of operation: 

c. Non-management, Singapore – 1.28 (For Singapore   

 employees, average basic remuneration of women not in  

 management divided by average basic remuneration of  

 men not in management); 

d. Non-Management in New Zealand – 0.98 (For New Zealand  

 employees, average basic remuneration of women not in  

 management divided by average basic remuneration of  

 men not in management).

Management ratios are not presented as New Zealand only has 

one female management employee.

Note: The average basic remuneration is computed based on 

the total basic remuneration of applicable staff in that category, 

divided by the number of applicable staff in that category. 

GYPP operates in two countries, both of which are included in 

disclosures.

No incidents of discrimination have been reported during the 

period and GYPP targets to maintain zero incidents next year 

and into the future. 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY GRI 405

33%

67%

TOTAL

18 

50%

50%

TOTAL

18 

22%

28%

50%

TOTAL

18 

39%

61%

TOTAL

18 

Female 

12 employees 

100% permanent 

91.7% full time 

8.3% part-time

Singapore 

9 employees 

100% permanent

&gt;50 Years 

4 employees

New Zealand 

11 employees

GENDER

LOCATION

AGE

NATIONALITY

Male 

6 employees 

100% permanent 

100% full time 

0% part-time

New Zealand 

9 employees 

100% permanent

30-50 Years 

9 employees

Singapore 

7 employees

&lt;30 years 

5 employees


24

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

The Group is committed to providing a safe and healthy 

environment at our properties to ensure that users of our assets 

can enjoy amenities provided. This impact occurs within the 

organisation and is a direct result of our business operations 

in Singapore and Auckland and as such, we have established 

customer health and safety policies. Our teams have identified 

potential hazards, put in place mitigating control measures 

and set out standard operating procedures, which ensure that 

employees are well-equipped to respond appropriately and 

promptly in case of incidents and have the relevant training 

required to do so. We appoint contractors and suppliers that 

have strong records, and we obtain the necessary licenses 

and certifications and carry out any necessary work to comply 

to the relevant health and safety codes (Health and Safety at 

Work Act 2015, Workplace Safety and Health Act). We carry 

out regular fire alarm testing and evacuation trials overseen by 

relevant parties in New Zealand and Singapore; slip testing of 

floors; regular building safety inspections, as well as obtaining 

our annual Building Warrants of Fitness, where relevant. 

Management walkabouts are conducted regularly to provide an 

additional perspective within our properties of any issues that 

require attention and multiple staff and on-site contract staff 

are workplace first aid trained. In the event of a cardiac arrest, a 

regularly serviced defibrillator is located in the office. In FY2019, 

we are pleased to record zero incidents of non-compliance 

concerning customer health and safety on our properties, and 

as such, no fines or warnings have been issued. We target to 

maintain this track record next year and into the future.  

With increasing concerns around customer privacy, maintaining 

data protection is important to us to ensure customer 

information is respected, as well as to build trust and loyalty. 

GYPP’s customers include shoppers at our retail centre, 

tenants in our leased spaces and property purchasers of 

our development projects. As we do not currently conduct 

direct property sales, this impact occurs both internal to the 

organisation, as well as external with purchasers conducting 

transactions via appointed sales agents. GYPP recognises 

the increased risk of cyber-attacks and hence the importance 

of cyber security in the company. We endeavour to maintain, 

secure and ensure legal and appropriate use of our information 

technology infrastructure and system at all times, and also 

seek to enforce our IT policies, safeguard the integrity of 

computers, networks, data and all IT property interests. In 

addition, GYPP has internal measures in place around data 

handling that protects personal data information by preventing 

unnecessary exposure through limiting access by personnel, 

guarding against cyber risks for both our internal and external 

stakeholders and complying with the Personal Data Protection 

Act Policy. We are pleased to report zero complaints regarding 

the data privacy of our customers and zero fines and non-

monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws and/or 

regulations. GYPP targets to maintain zero incidents next year 

and into the future.

CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY GRI 416

CUSTOMER PRIVACY GRI 418




25

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

The group believes that our overall compliance record, as well 

as compliance with specific laws or regulations in the social and 

economic area, is critical to being a responsible business. We 

believe that socioeconomic compliance is also a fundamental 

requirement for building trust with our stakeholders and 

maintaining our corporate reputation. This impact occurs 

within our organisation and we approach socioeconomic 

compliance, including accounting and tax fraud, corruption, 

bribery, competition, the provision of products and services, 

labour issues; as well as international declarations, conventions, 

treaties; and national sub-national, regional and local regulations 

with utmost diligence. Our management team is responsible for 

reviewing and monitoring the Group’s policies and practices 

and any material incidents of non-compliance are reported 

to the Board of Directors. The group ensures good corporate 

governance by observing best practices in compliance. As a 

listed entity, various regulatory bodies have oversight of our 

operations and GYPP is committed to conducting our business 

with integrity to safeguard the interest of all our stakeholders, 

both internal and external. In order to do this, our employees 

keep up-to-date on the latest regulations and proactively 

engage with the various authorities and experts in the field. 

Regular checks are practised and we work with experienced, 

knowledgeable and reputable contractors to ensure works 

are compliant. By adhering to laws, regulations, guidelines 

and specifications relevant to our business, we ensure that 

we build a strong and ethical reputation, and that we attract 

strong, like-minded partners and employees to work and grow 

with. We are pleased to report that there were no complaints 

or incidents of non-compliance in FY2019, and as such, there 

are no significant fines and non-monetary sanctions for non-

compliance with laws and/or regulations in the social and 

economic area. GYPP targets to maintain zero incidents next 

year and into the future.

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE GRI 419

GYP Properties strongly believes that “having a soul” is just 

as important as creating economic value. We are passionate 

about supporting communities and social causes. Each year, 

the Group identifies opportunities to contribute to society 

through donations, fundraising activities, volunteering and gifts 

in kind. We believe that encouraging a giving culture nurtures 

empathy at work and creates trust, engagement, as well as 

strengthens relationships. In alignment with the UN Sustainable 

Development Goals “SDG 10: Reduced Inequalities” and “SDG 

1: No Poverty”, GYPP looks to address the inequalities faced 

by vulnerable communities by providing increased access to 

services and assets, and works with like-minded organisations 

to help achieve these goals.

SOCIAL IMPACT




26

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

The Group is pleased to launch our keystone “Gift of Home” 

programme in our commitment to building a strong, sustainable 

company with a pronounced social core. According to 

The UN Refugee Agency and the Internal Displacement 

Monitoring Centre, 25 million people lose their home every 

year. Unsheltered and exposed, many also lose their lives with 

women and children being among the most vulnerable. With 

the provision of homes and places to connect at the heart of 

the GYPP business, we are redefining our operations to align 

our economic and societal goals. From this year, GYPP will be 

contributing towards helping to alleviate homelessness. Our 

first partnership under “Gift of Home” is with Singapore non-

profit organisation billionBricks. For every home GYPP sells, 

the Group is donating an innovative weatherHYDE shelter 

to a displaced or homeless family in the region. Used most 

commonly as a refugee shelter or after a natural disaster 

strikes to help end poverty, billionBricks’ weatherHYDE is the 

world’s first reversible life-saving shelter that is insulated, which 

provides protection from both hot and cold weather and offers 

women and children privacy and a safe space. For FY19, 64 

weatherHYDE shelters are being sent to families affected by 

the earthquakes in Mindanao, Philippines. 

GIFT OF HOME X BILLIONBRICKS




27

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

In FY2019, GYPP began a partnership with South Central 

Community Family Service Centre (“SCC”), which provides 

support to low-income and vulnerable families in the 

community. While giving support to families who seek help in 

financial, social or relationship issues, SCC also encourages 

community self-help and cooperation. We help sponsor their 

I Wish You Enough event that celebrates and encourages 

acts of kindness for people in the community who don’t have 

enough. Activities such as picnics, performances and games 

are conducted to bring the community together and promote 

sharing. During the year, GYPP offers volunteers for events and 

provides regular services such as the delivery of donated items 

from donors to beneficiaries. 

SOUTH CENTRAL COMMUNITY FAMILY SERVICE CENTRE 





GYPP is proud to be Carbon Friendly with Ekos. We work with 

the New Zealand-based non-profit enterprise to offset 100% 

of our operational carbon emissions (Scope 1 and 2 energy 

related emissions) from our buildings, as well as business 

travel (Scope 3). In addition to creating self-sustaining forest 

carbon projects that are certified, projects are developed 

to deliver additional environmental and social benefits to 

communities, such as improving water quality, resilience to 

erosion, sustainable incomes and gender equality. Carbon 

credits purchased by the Group fund forest conservation 

efforts in Aotearoa-New Zealand and the Pacific Islands that 

create measured, reported and verified carbon benefits, which 

includes costs of planting and maintaining a forest, as well as 

lost income from the landowner that would have come from 

farming or logging the same land. 

EKOS




28

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Other organisations or events that we supported this 

year include the Tampines East National Day Dinner 2019, 

Leukaemia &amp; Blood Cancer NZ and the Project We Care Garden 

Party. We provide office facilities to the MILK (Mainly I Love 

Kids) Fund in Singapore that addresses the needs of children 

at risk, and Plunket in Auckland, a provider of support services 

for children under the age of five. Through events at our retail 

centre in Auckland, we provided support to local community 

organisations below:

OTHER CONTRIBUTIONS

Community Organisation

Activity / Support

Arthritis NZ

Fundraising collection

Blind Foundation NZ

Fundraising collection

Breast Cancer Foundation

Fundraising collection

Cancer Society

Fundraising collection 

Chiropractic College

Social awareness about spinal health

Cystic Fibrosis

Fundraising collection

Girl Guides

Fundraising collection

Howick / Pakuranga 

Community patrols

Howick RSA

Fundraising collection for Red Poppy Day

Little Sister of the Poor

Fundraising collection

Macleans College

Fundraising for Red Cross

Pakuranga College

Student Market – school based business studies activity where students make, 

market and sell their products to the general public

Parkinsons NZ Charitable Trust

Fundraising collection

Pest Free Howick

Organisation awareness

SPCA 

Fundraising collection

Stroke Foundation

Fundraising collection

The Salvation Army

Fundraising collection 

Totara Hospice

Fundraising collection

UNICEF

Sponsorship drive


29

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

GRI STANDARDS 

CONTENT INDEX

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Page / Responses

GRI 101: Foundation 2016

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

GRI 102: General Disclosures

102-1

Name of organisation

Page 5

102-2

Activities, brands, products and services

Page 5

102-3

Location of headquarters

Page 5

102-4

Location of operations

Page 5

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Page 5

102-6

Markets served

Page 5

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Page 23

102-8

Information on employees and other 

workers

Page 23

102-9

Supply chain

Page 14

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation 

and its supply chain

Page 14

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

Page 7

102-12

External initiatives

Page 12

102-13

Membership of associations

Singapore Business Federation

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Page 3 to 4

102-15

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

Page 16

102-16

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour

Page 18 

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns 

about ethics

Page 18 

102-18

Governance structure

Page 10

102-19

Delegating authority

Pages 9 and 10

102-20

Executive-level responsibility for 

economic, environmental and social 

topics

Page 10

102-21

Consulting stakeholders on economic, 

environmental, and social topics

Pages 13 to 15

102-22

Composition of the highest governance 

body and its committees

Page 9

102-23

Chair of the highest governance body

Page 9

102-24 

Nominating and selecting the highest 

governance body

Page 9

102-25

Conflicts of interest

Page 18

102-26

Role of highest governance body in setting 

purpose, values, and strategy

Pages 9 and 10

102-27

Collective knowledge of highest 

governance body

Page 10

102-30

Effectiveness of risk management 

processes

Page 9


30

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Page / Responses

GRI 101: Foundation 2016

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

GRI 102: General Disclosures

102-31

Review of economic, environmental, and 

social topics

Pages 9 and 10

102-32

Highest governance body’s role in 

sustainability reporting

Page 10

102-35

Remuneration policies

Page 9

102-36

Process for determining remuneration

Page 9

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Page 15

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

None

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Page 13 to 15

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Page 15

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements

Page 17

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries

Page 16

102-47

List of material topics

Page16

102-48

Restatement of information

Not applicable

102-49

Changes in reporting

GRI 305 Emissions has been included; GRI 

413 Local Communities has been excluded

102-50

Reporting period

Page 7

102-51

Date of most recent previous report

30 April 2019

102-52

Reporting cycle

Page 7

102-53

Contact point for questions about the 

report

Page 8

102-54

Claims if reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards

Page 8

102-55

GRI content index

Pages 30 to 31

102-56

External assurance

Page 7

MATERIAL TOPICS

GRI 201: Economic 

performance

201-1

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed

Page 17

201-2

Financial implications and other risks and 

opportunities due to climate change

Page 17

201-3

Defined benefit plan obligations and other 

retirement plans

Not applicable

201-4

Financial assistance received from 

government

Not applicable

GRI 205: Anti-corruption

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption

Page 18

205-2

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures

Page 18

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and 

actions taken

Page 18

GRI 305: Emissions

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Page 19

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

Page 19

305-3

Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions

Page 19

305-5

Reduction of GHG emissions

Page 19

GRI 307: Environmental 

compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations

Page 20


31

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Page / Responses

GRI 101: Foundation 2016

MATERIAL TOPICS

GRI 403: Occupational health 

and safety

403-1

Occupational health and safety 

management system

Page 22

403-2

Hazard identification, risk assessment, 

and incident investigation

Page 22

403-4

Worker participation, consultation, and 

communication on occupations health and 

safety

Page 22

403-5

Worker training on occupational health 

and safety

Page 22

403-7

Prevention and mitigation of occupational 

health and safety impacts directly linked 

by business relationships

Page 22

403-9

Work-related injuries

Page 22

GRI 405: Diversity and equal 

opportunity

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees

Page 23

405-2

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of 

women to men

Page 23

GRI 416: Customer health and 

safety

416-1

Assessment of the health and safety 

impacts of product and service categories

Page 24

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

the health and safety impacts of products 

and services

Page 24

GRI 418: Customer privacy

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning 

breaches of customer

privacy and losses of customer data

Page 24

GRI 419: Socio-economic 

compliance

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations 

in the social and economic area

Page 25




32

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



GYP Properties Limited

Company Reg No. 200304719G

1 Lorong 2 Toa Payoh, Yellow Pages Building, Singapore 319637 | T. +65 6351 1000 I F. +65 6354 3828 I W. www.gypproperties.com

