
1

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED 2020

Message from our Board Of Directors 03  Corporate Profile 05  About this Report 07  Our Approach to Sustainability 09 

Material Topic Disclosures 19  Social Impact 30  GRI Standards Content Index 33    


2

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

03 Message from our Board  

of Directors

05	 Corporate	Profile

07 About this Report

 

Board Statement 

 

Reporting Framework 

 

Reporting Scope and Period

 

Access

 

Feedback

09	 Our	Approach	to	Sustainability

 

External	Initiatives	and	Memberships

 

Sustainability	Governance	and	Methodology

 

Stakeholder	Mapping	and	Engagement

 

Material	Topics	and	Organisational	Goals	

 

19 

Material	Topic	Disclosures	

Economic Performance

Anti-Corruption

Emissions

Environmental	Compliance

Occupational	Health	and	Safety

Diversity	and	Equal	Opportunity

Customer	Health	and	Safety

Customer	Privacy

Socioeconomic	Compliance

30	 Social	Impact

33	 Global	Reporting	Initiative		

 

Content	Index

CONTENTS






3

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Message from our  

Board of Directors

Dear Stakeholders,

Welcome to our 2020 Sustainability Report. Covid-19 has been the pivotal aspect 

of the year and has transformed the way we live, work and gather. With the 

pandemic’s global economic impact and cases rising daily, no one is spared 

and the vulnerable are impacted disproportionately. Governments around the 

world have deployed policies in a bid to support people and businesses, and as 

discussed in our Annual Report, we believe that the effects of the pandemic are 

expected to continue to be felt for some time more. Our hearts go out to everyone 

struggling and we would like to take the opportunity to thank all healthcare workers 

and essential services providers around the world for their selflessness, and for 

helping others during this time. 

As the world slows down, Covid-19 has prompted an increase in cybercrime, a 

setback in our efforts to reduce single-use plastics, and has given rise to personal 

protective equipment found in our rivers and ocean; in contrast, it has also led to 

a decline in daily carbon emissions and air pollution. Research has revealed a 

plethora of emerging trends, from the acceleration of digitisation; to changes in 

the way we travel; to demand for green policies. It has brought to light the concept 

of a green recovery, and we have seen the world’s interest in impact investments 

accelerate. Amid all these changes, we are also certain that the pandemic will have 

an impact on building use and space design in response to changing needs.


4

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Mah Bow Tan 

Outgoing Chairman

Stanley Tan Poh Leng 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pang Yoke Min 

Director

Andrew Tay Gim Chuan 

Incoming Chairman

Ng Tiong Gee  

Director

Loo Wen Lieh 

Director

28 October 2020

In our ever-increasing volatile, uncertain, complex and ambiguous world, radical 

transparency is becoming more and more critical and as such, the Group is 

continuously working to improve disclosure. This document includes detailed 

information about issues material to our business and demonstrates our 

commitment to improving our sustainability management, and we look towards 

coming out of this crisis stronger than before. Not only does this document serve 

the purpose of keeping our stakeholders up to date with the Group’s strategy and 

performance, but is also an essential management tool to identify and mitigate 

risk, and address operational inefficiencies.

Now more than ever, the Group is committed to ensuring strength in our operations 

and governance, and to deepening our strategies of carbon neutrality and 

supporting social causes. We thank all our stakeholders for journeying with us, and 

wish you all the very best in the year to come.






5

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

 GYP Properties Limited (“GYPP”, “the Company” or “the Group”) is a 

real estate company with assets under management of S$185 million as 

at 30 June 2020. With our vision of being an industry leader that delivers 

projects that owners and users value, the Group focuses on driving 

financial performance and sustained growth for our stakeholders, by 

embracing long-term value creation.

Headquartered in Singapore, the Group is operational in Singapore and 

New Zealand and has a portfolio of 303,051 sqm of land, comprising 

commercial, retail and residential assets. GYPP leverages Singapore’s 

innovative development experience by combining expertise in 

multi-layered hubs and community living with New Zealand’s strong 

consideration for materials and the environment. Our property portfolio 

includes Braddell House in Singapore; Remarkables Residences in 

Queenstown, New Zealand; as well as Bellfield Estate and Pakuranga 

Plaza in Auckland, New Zealand, the latter of which is being re-developed 

into the new Pakuranga Precinct.

The Group was listed on the Singapore Exchange in 2004, and is a 

member of the Singapore Green Building Council and a signatory to 

the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact. In 2019, GYPP 

launched “Gift of Home”, a social impact programme with a focus on 

addressing homelessness. For more information about our property 

portfolio, financial review and shareholder information for the financial 

year, please refer to our 2020 Annual Report. Key figures for the financial 

year ended 30 June 2020 may be found on the next page.

CORPORATE 

PROFILE


6

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

* Excludes non-cash fair value loss on investment properties of S$7.3 million. 

Note: Market capitalisation is based on the closing share price on 30 June 2020. Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) was 274.9 

million as at 30 June 2020.    

S$67.4M

Net 

Assets

S$28.3M

MARKET

CAP

S$8.6M 

R E V E N U E

S$2.2M 

 

S$0.2

0.2M

*

*

*

ADJUSTED

PROFIT  

AFTER  

TAX

0.28%

Adjusted Return on Equity

S $185.3

185.3M

P R O P E R T Y  P O R T F O L I O  S I Z E

A D J U S T E D 

E B I T D A


7

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

BOARD STATEMENT

The Group’s 2020 Sustainability Report is set out on a “comply 

or explain” basis in accordance with the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Rules 711A and 

711B, and Practice Note 7.6 of the Listing Manual. In addition 

to disclosing GYPP’s impact on the economy, the environment 

and society for stakeholders; sustainability reporting has 

become an essential tool for management’s discussion and 

decision-making. With sustainability being a key component 

of the Company’s wider strategy to create long-term value for 

all our stakeholders, the Group is committed to continuous 

improvement. The material topic disclosures and relevant 

policies and goals for the Group have been identified by the 

Sustainability Committee and approved by the Board of 

Directors, which oversees the management and monitoring 

of these impact areas, takes them into consideration in the 

determination of the Group’s strategic direction, and approves 

the Group’s Sustainability Report. 

 

REPORTING FRAMEWORK

This Sustainability Report has been prepared in accordance 

with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards 2016: 

Core option. Issued by the Global Sustainability Standards 

Board, the GRI Standards are widely used around the world 

and provide businesses and organisations a framework to 

measure, understand and communicate critical sustainability 

issues on environmental, economic and social impact to 

stakeholders. In accordance with the GRI Standards, a 

GRI Content Index is included at the end of this report for a 

summary of all disclosures reported and their relevant page 

numbers. From time to time, we may also look to additional 

frameworks for reference, such as the SASB Standards by 

the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board that provides 

industry-specific financially material issues. 

ABOUT 

THIS REPORT




8

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

REPORTING SCOPE AND PERIOD

Published no later than 30 November each year, this report covers 

sustainability performance across the Group, which includes 

our wholly-owned subsidiaries in Singapore and New Zealand, 

and our businesses in property investment, development 

and management. In-scope properties include Remarkables 

Residences in Queenstown; Bellfield Estate and Pakuranga Plaza 

in Auckland; as well as Braddell House in Singapore. All entities 

included in the Group’s consolidated financial statements have 

been included in this report – please refer to pages 148 to 149 

of our 2020 Annual Report for details of these entities. Although 

the data and information provided in this report is not externally 

assured, the report has been prepared with the requisite due 

diligence and the Group may seek external assurance in the 

future. The reporting period is prepared based on GYPP’s financial 

year, which covers 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020. The most 

recent previous report was published on 30 November 2019. To 

better understand our sustainability strategy and performance, 

we encourage stakeholders to refer to previous Sustainability 

Reports, which can be found on our corporate website; more 

information is provided below.

ACCESS

As part of our efforts to reduce our environmental footprint, 

no hard copies of this Sustainability Report have been printed. 

You may visit the SGX website or the Investor Centre at  

www.gypproperties.com to access this Sustainability Report. 

FEEDBACK

If you have any comments, questions or suggestions, please 

email sustainability@gypproperties.com. We welcome and value 

feedback from our stakeholders as it enables us to improve our 

policies, processes and performance, as well as enhance the 

accuracy, completeness and coverage of our reporting. 




9

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

UNITED NATIONS SUSTAINABLE 

DEVELOPMENT GOALS  

In 2015, all 193 Member States of the United Nations adopted 

a plan to achieve a better future for all. The 17 Sustainable 

Development Goals (“SDGs”) and 232 related indicators are 

the  United Nation’s blueprint for a more sustainable future 

and focuses on ending poverty, protecting the planet and 

ensuring that all people enjoy peace and prosperity by 2030. 

As business cannot thrive in a world of poverty, inequality, 

unrest and environmental stress; it is our vital interest that the 

2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development is delivered. As 

such, the Group uses the 17 SDGs as a guide to ensure that 

as an organisation, we are doing our part to contribute towards 

this global vision.

UNITED NATIONS GLOBAL  

COMPACT

The United Nations (“UN”) Global Compact asks companies to 

embrace, support and enact a set of core values in the areas 

of human rights, labour standards, the environment and anti-

corruption. GYP Properties is a signatory to the Ten Principles 

of the UN Global Compact and this document serves as our 

Communication on Progress. The Ten Principles of the UN Global 

Compact are derived from the Universal Declaration of Human 

Rights, the International Labour Organisation’s declaration on 

Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, the Rio Declaration 

on Environment and Development, and the United Nations 

Convention Against Corruption. We are committed to meeting 

these fundamental responsibilities and to adopt these principles 

as the foundation of our corporate values.

OUR APPROACH 

TO SUSTAINABILITY

EXTERNAL INITIATIVES AND MEMBERSHIPS 





































Below are externally-developed initiatives to which the Group subscribes and endorses.


10

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

HUMAN RIGHTS 

Principle 1: 

Businesses should support and respect the protection of 

internationally proclaimed human rights; and 

Principle 2: 

make sure that they are not complicit in human rights abuses. 

LABOUR

 

Principle 3: 

Businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the 

effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining; 

Principle 4: 

the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour; 

Principle 5: 

the effective abolition of child labour; and 

Principle 6: 

the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and 

occupation. 

ENVIRONMENT 

Principle 7: 

Businesses should support a precautionary approach to 

environmental challenges; 

Principle 8: 

undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental 

responsibility; and 

Principle 9: 

encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally 

friendly technologies. 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

Principle 10: 

Businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, 

including extortion and bribery. 

EMPLOYERS’ PLEDGE OF FAIR  

EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES 

In 2019, GYPP endorsed the Employer’s Pledge of Fair 

Employment Practices, which signals the Group’s commitment 

to be fair and abide by the Tripartite Guidelines on Fair 

Employment Practices.

The Tripartite Guidelines on Fair Employment Practices, 

formulated by the Tripartite Alliance for Fair and Progressive 

Employment Practices, sets out fair employment practices 

for adoption by employers and is supported by the Singapore 

Ministry of Manpower, the National Trades Union Congress 

and the Singapore National Employers Federation. The five 

principles of Fair Employment Practices are: 

1. Recruit and select employees on the basis of merit 

(such as skills, experience or ability to perform the job), 

and regardless of age, race, gender, religion, marital status 

and family responsibilities, or disability. 

2. Treat employees fairly and with respect and implement 

progressive human resource management systems. 

3. Provide employees with equal opportunity to be 

considered for training and development based on their 

strengths and needs to help them achieve their full potential. 

4. Reward employees fairly based on their ability, 

performance, contribution and experience. 

5. Abide by labour laws and adopt the Tripartite Guidelines 

on Fair Employment Practices. 

BUSINESSES AGAINST SHARK FIN

In 2017, Singapore was identified as the world’s second-largest 

trader of shark fins. While sharks are apex predators and play 

a crucial role in maintaining the health of marine ecosystems, 

shark populations are being decimated by overfishing, 

with both targeted and incidental catches contributing to 

fishery decline. According to the International Union for the 

Conservation of Nature (“IUCN”), a quarter of the world’s sharks 

and rays, and one third of pelagic (open ocean) sharks and rays, 

are threatened with extinction. To do our part to protect sharks 

and show our support for responsible corporate dining policies, 

the Group is a signatory of the WWF-Singapore Businesses 

Against Shark Fin pledge and has in place a companywide ban 

that prohibits the procurement of shark fins and other shark 

products at both internal and hosted events.




11

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

EKOS CARBON FRIENDLY   

CERTIFICATION

GYPP is certified Carbon Friendly with New Zealand social 

enterprise Ekos, and uses a combination of carbon credits 

and Renewable Energy Certificates (“RECs”) in our carbon 

management strategy. GYPP has achieved this certification 

by offsetting 313.45 metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent 

(“tCO2e”) of our scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions. Carbon credits 

purchased by the Group through Ekos create self-sustaining 

forest carbon projects that are certified, and projects are 

developed to deliver additional environmental and social 

benefits to communities, such as improving water quality, 

resilience to erosion, sustainable incomes and gender 

equality. Carbon credits purchased by the Group fund forest 

conservation efforts in the Pacific Islands that create measured, 

reported and verified carbon benefits. Revenue from the sale 

of these carbon credits helps fund the establishment of these 

forest carbon projects, forest conservation services within 

these project areas such as pest and weed control, as well 

as replacing lost income from the landowner that would have 

come from farming or logging the same land.    

SINGAPORE GREEN BUILDING 

COUNCIL

GYP Properties is a member of the Singapore Green Building 

Council (“SGBC”), a non-profit organisation that forges 

public-private partnerships to foster innovative industry 

solutions across the entire building and construction value 

chain. Through its green building product and green building 

services labelling programmes, SGBC sets high standards 

and benchmarks for green building solutions both locally 

and regionally to help build more sustainable cities for better 

living. As Singapore’s representative on the World Green 

Building Council, SGBC actively contributes to the global green 

building movement by sharing expertise and knowledge during 

international conferences and events.

SINGAPORE BUSINESS  

 

FEDERATION

The Group is also a member of the Singapore Business 

Federation, the apex business chamber championing the 

interests of the Singapore business community in the areas 

of trade, investment and industrial relations. It represents 

27,200 companies, as well as key local and foreign business 

chambers. The federation serves three key functions: the 

bridge between Singapore’s business community and the 

Government; the business community’s representative in 

building bilateral, regional and multi-lateral relationships; and 

a key provider of capability-building initiatives and services for 

Singapore businesses.




12

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

At GYPP, we are committed to continuously challenging 

ourselves on our sustainability journey and improving our 

business practices and management. The Group firmly believes 

that good corporate governance is critical for long-lasting 

trust with stakeholders. As such, the Board and management 

of GYPP regularly validate our business processes to maintain 

best practices and ensure sustainability across the Group’s 

operations. We believe that conducting business with integrity 

and commitment at all levels and establishing a transparent, 

accountable and equitable system increases the value of 

the Company and its value to our shareholders. For more 

information about our corporate governance and Board of 

Directors, please refer to our 2020 Annual Report as follows: 

• Our Board and its Committees, pages 29 to 31, 36; 

• Corporate Governance Reports, pages 38 to 51; 

• Our nomination and selection processes, pages 42 to 43; 

• Processes to ensure conflicts of interest are avoided and 

managed, and how they are disclosed, pages 38 to 48; 

• Process for determining remuneration, page 44; 

• Remuneration policies for the Board of Directors and senior 

executives, pages 44 to 46; and

• Related party disclosures, page 144. 

In GYPP’s Enterprise Risk Management Framework, the 

management team is responsible for implementing specific 

objectives, strategies, guidelines and day-to-day risk 

management activities, as well as maintenance and making 

recommendations to the Board. The Board has overall 

responsibility to ensure accurate financial reporting for the 

Group, as well as effectiveness of internal controls. The latter 

includes financial, operational, compliance and IT controls, 

as well as risk management policies and systems. The Audit 

Committee assists the Board by providing oversight of risk 

management and reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of 

the Group’s risk management systems and internal controls. 

Additionally, the Audit Committee is also responsible for 

reporting its observations to the Board on any matters under 

its purview and making recommendations where appropriate. 

In FY2018, a Sustainability Committee was set up to improve our 

sustainability performance, strengthen the Group’s direction, 

and enhance our existing Enterprise Risk Management 

Framework to include our environmental and social impacts. In 

addition, our Corporate Marketing function was expanded to 

include responsibility for Sustainability, wherein the Corporate 

Marketing &amp; Sustainability function works with the various 

business units to implement the sustainability strategy, 

reporting to the Sustainability Committee. The Sustainability 

Committee reports to the Audit Committee and provides 

updates on sustainability activities. Significant risks and impact 

areas identified are assessed, managed and monitored within 

the Group’s risk management framework.  

The Group continuously reviews its business and operational 

activities to ensure emerging risks, including environmental, 

social and governance (“ESG”) impact areas, are being 

considered for proper assessment, monitoring and reporting 

as appropriate. The Group seeks to minimise and safeguard 

potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance 

and where relevant,  implements suitable measures to control 

and mitigate identified risks.

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE 

AND METHODOLOGY




13

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE

Board of Directors

Audit Committee

Sustainability 

Committee

Property 

Development

Property 

Management  

SG

Finance, 

HR &amp; IT

Property 

Management  

NZ

Corporate 

Marketing &amp;  

Sustainability

Figure 1: The Group’s sustainability governance structure.

With the Board as the Group’s highest governance body, reports 

are regularly disseminated and meetings are held as required to 

develop and enhance their collective knowledge of sustainability 

issues. Performance criteria in renumeration policies for the 

Board and senior executives are not currently explicitly attached 

to environmental and social objectives; nevertheless, as a Group 

we believe that sustainability needs to be embedded at the 

core of what our business does, with all areas of the business 

buying into it. Adopting an effective methodology to assess our 

sustainability practices not only allows us to identify key policies 

and performances, but also allows consistent and meaningful 

reporting for more reliable tracking and understanding. 


14

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY

PLAN AND  

SCOPE

COLLECT 

DATA

ENGAGE  

STAKEHOLDERS

ASSESS  

MATERIALITY

REPORT

Figure 2:  The Group’s internal framework to assess and evaluate our ESG practices. 




15

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

ACQUISITION

PROPERTY 

DEVELOPMENT

OUR VALUE CHAIN

Figure 3: The Group’s value chain includes primary and support activities, carried out by in-house and external parties#.

The first step to managing the Group’s impact areas is the analysis of our value and supply chains. Doing so allows us to articulate 

the Group’s activities, map our stakeholders and conduct targeted engagement around topic materiality. 

CONSTRUCTION

Sourcing

Deal structuring

Financing

Research

Business planning

Consultant team 

formation

Design#

Permits / approvals#

Marketing#

Pre-sales / pre-leasing#

Procurement# 

Site development#

Foundations#

Building construction#

Site restoration#

Project management

Marketing#

Sales / leasing#

After sales# 

Property management

STAKEHOLDER MAPPING 

AND ENGAGEMENT

OUR SUPPLY CHAIN

Figure 4: The Group’s supply chain, including both upstream and downstream activities.

SUPPLIERS

TRANSPORTATION

BUILDERS

SALES &amp; 

LEASING

PURCHASERS,

TENANTS,

VISITORS

SALES &amp; 

LEASING

PROPERTY 

MANAGEMENT

GYPP’s key stakeholders include Government agencies and regulators; purchasers, tenants and visitors; shareholders; local 

communities; consultants, builders and suppliers; non-profit organisations; banks; and our Board of Directors and employees. Both 

formal and informal channels of communication are used to engage with our stakeholders and understand issues important to them 

and our business. 


16

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

STAKEHOLDER MAPPING &amp; ENGAGEMENT

Key Stakeholder Groups

Communication goal

Frequency of 

communication

Means of communication

Communication topics

Employees

Enhance business 

performance, and 

recruit and retain talent

Regular

Meetings, emails, corporate 

updates, phone calls, 

company events, group 

documents, staff appraisals, 

annual survey

Human resource 

management and 

Group operations and 

updates

Board of Directors

Improve governance 

and develop Group 

direction

Quarterly and as 

required

Board meetings, informal 

meetings, emails, annual 

survey, board papers, 

company events

Corporate governance 

and strategy, risks and 

performance

Government agencies 

and regulators

Ensure alignment with 

national objectives

As required

Meetings, emails, phone 

calls, Annual &amp; Sustainability 

Reports, corporate 

announcements

Corporate governance 

and opportunities for 

collaboration

Shareholders

Maintain shareholder 

satisfaction

Annually and as 

required

Annual General Meetings, 

Extraordinary General 

Meetings, Annual &amp; 

Sustainability Reports, 

corporate announcements, 

website, emails, social media, 

annual survey

Group performance 

and corporate updates

Purchasers, tenants  

and  visitors

Ensure satisfaction 

with products and 

services

As required

Meetings, emails, campaigns, 

launch events, social media, 

website, posters

Quality, design, 

conditions, safety, 

amenities and services, 

sale/leasing of 

properties, materials 

and waste management

Local communities

Improve well-being of 

our local communities

As required

Meetings, emails, 

campaigns, social media, 

website

Safety, noise, project 

development and 

events

Consultants, builders 

and suppliers

Foster teamwork and 

deepen collaboration 

to promote learning, 

innovation and 

improvement across 

material impact areas 

Regular

Meetings, emails,  phone 

calls, website, Annual &amp; 

Sustainability Reports, data 

collection, official protocols 

such as tendering processes 

and vendor assessments

Commercial 

opportunities and 

operations

Non-profit 

organisations

Contribute to industry 

and non-profit interests

Quarterly and as 

required

Meetings, emails, phone 

calls, website, Annual &amp; 

Sustainability Reports, 

corporate announcements, 

social media, events

Social impact and 

environmental goals 

Banks

Financing activities

Regular

Meetings, emails, phone 

calls, website, Annual &amp; 

Sustainability Reports, 

corporate announcements, 

social media

Business and 

development 

performance and 

opportunities

Figure 5: Mapping our stakeholders for more targeted engagement around topic materiality. 

In FY2020, there have been no significant changes to the Group’s size, structure, ownership or supply chain. This report draws upon 

the outcomes of stakeholder engagement processes used by the Group in its ongoing activities, as well as our annual surveys and 

data collected. The Group believes that the outcomes of the stakeholder engagement processes are consistent with the material 

topics included in this report.


17

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Business Area 

Key Issues 

Material Topics

UN Sustainable 

Development Goals

Property 

Development

- Transparency and anti-

corruption

- Quality of planning, design 

and construction

- Environmental stewardship

- Workers' rights and 

occupational health and 

safety

■ GRI 201: Economic performance

■ GRI 205: Anti-corruption

■ GRI 305: Emissions

■ GRI 307: Environmental 

compliance

■ GRI 403: Occupational health and 

safety

■ GRI 405: Diversity and equal 

opportunity

■ GRI 416: Customer health and 

safety

■ GRI 418: Customer privacy

■ GRI 419: Socioeconomic 

compliance

■ Social impact

Property 

Management

- Transparency and anti-

corruption

- Health, safety and well-

being of occupants

- Treatment of tenants and 

communities

- Workers' rights and 

occupational health and 

safety

- Environmental stewardship

Topic Boundary:     ■  Internal 

■ Internal &amp; External 

Figure 6: Material topics identified after applying reporting and industry guidance, as well as incorporating inputs gathered from stakeholders.

Topic Boundaries are a description of where the impacts occur for a material topic (i.e.“internal” or “internal &amp; external”) and 

describe whether the Group contributes to the impacts through our own activities or as a result of our business relationships with 

other entities. 

MATERIAL TOPICS AND ORGANISATIONAL GOALS





















SUMMARY OF KEY ISSUES AND MATERIAL TOPICS

In addition to our stakeholder engagement detailed in the previous section, the Group has reviewed the GRI Standards in the 

context of our sustainability goals and where we are in our sustainability journey; observed regulations and best practice guidelines; 

researched sector specific key issues; and considered our contributions to the UN Sustainable Development Goals and other 

external initiatives and memberships. The resulting assessments are summarised below and reviewed on an annual basis by the 

Board to ensure continued relevance and responsible business practices.


18

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

SUMMARY OF ORGANISATIONAL GOALS AND ACTIONS

Organisational Goals 

Organisational Actions

To be an effective, transparent and 

accountable organisation.

As a public-listed company on the Singapore Exchange, we strive to uphold high standards 

in corporate governance and business ethics and target zero non-compliance. We continue 

to strengthen our property portfolio and work towards providing value to our investors; 

continually assessing and addressing potential market risks. The Group is a signatory to the 

Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact and has Group mechanisms and policies 

in place to communicate and manage our commitment to anti-corruption, including our Anti-

Corruption Policy, Anti-Corruption Compliance Commitment, Policy on Conflict of Interest, 

Fraud Risk Management Framework, Internal Code of Securities Dealings, Whistleblowing 

Policy and Responsible Supplier Commitment.

To promote inclusive employment, 

decent work and safe working 

environments in our organisation 

and supply chain.

We maintain a policy of providing equal opportunities to all our employees and believe that 

attracting, developing and retaining a diverse workforce is important to operate successfully. 

GYPP has endorsed the Employers’ Pledge of Fair Employment Practices, an initiative by the 

Tripartite Alliance for Fair &amp; Progressive Employment Practices. Health and safety are of 

utmost importance to us – GYPP is diligent in following the relevant codes and management 

systems for health and safety, and we require suppliers to ensure safe working environments 

for their workers.

To develop quality buildings 

that minimise environmental 

degradation; foster inclusive and 

safe communities; and promote 

resource and energy efficiency.

We strive to always uphold high-quality planning, design and construction that result in desirable 

communities. We adhere to environmental regulations and target zero non-compliance. The 

Group supports the precautionary approach to managing risks and protecting the environment 

across our value chain, which means that where there are threats of serious or irreversible damage, 

lack of full scientific certainty is not used as a reason for postponing cost-effective measures 

to prevent environmental degradation. The Group is committed to reducing our environmental 

footprint and we encourage responsible practices and use of resources among our suppliers 

and tenants. In FY2020, the Group introduced our Responsible Supplier Commitment, which is 

a Code of Conduct we require of our suppliers and their supply chains. GYPP is certified Carbon 

Friendly with Ekos and uses a combination of certified carbon credits and Renewable Energy 

Certificates in our carbon management strategy.

To build a company that has a 

pronounced social core and 

engaged employees, through 

supporting communities and social 

causes.

The Group identifies opportunities to support local and other vulnerable communities 

through donations, fundraising activities, volunteering and gifts in kind. We seek to address 

the inequalities faced by these communities and work with passionate organisations to 

help achieve shared goals. In 2019, we launched our keystone programme, “Gift of Home”, 

to contribute towards addressing homelessness. In partnership with our first beneficiary, 

Singapore non-profit organisation billionBricks; for every home GYPP sells, the Group donates 

an innovative weatherHYDE shelter to a displaced or homeless family in the region.

Figure 7: The Group’s organisational goals and corresponding actions are summarised in the table above.


19

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

This topic is relevant to UN SDG 8: Decent Work and Economic 

Growth. Economic performance underpins the Group’s ability 

to conduct business, provide jobs and positively impact our 

communities. In our 2019 and 2020 Annual Surveys, our 

shareholders and employees indicated Economic Performance 

to be a top priority for the Group. This impact area occurs within 

the organisation as a direct result of business operations. 

GYPP has a dynamic management team with diverse skills 

across our Singapore and Auckland offices, who drive and 

implement GYPP’s business strategy. The management team 

holds regular business meetings to update on performance 

and discuss challenges. The Chief Executive Officer bears 

executive responsibility for the Group’s business direction and 

operational decisions; and quarterly Board meetings led by the 

Board Chairman are held to discuss economic performance. 

GYPP’s business strategy and property projects are reviewed 

regularly to respond to changing market conditions. The 

Group’s management approach provides accountability and 

good corporate governance, and enhances business returns 

for stakeholders while mitigating unnecessary risks. 

FY2020 represents a historic year marked by Covid-19, a 

situation that is still rapidly evolving and the world is coming 

to terms with. Like many businesses around the world, the 

Group’s operations and revenue streams were impacted by 

lockdown periods, resulting in the halting of construction on our 

Queenstown and Bellfield projects; partial closure of our retail 

centre; and restrictions on access for our commercial tenants 

providing non-essential services. A cost cutting exercise was 

undertaken, which included a 10% reduction of directors’ fees, 

as well as pay cuts for the management team ranging from 

20-30% during this time. With government assistance packages 

available, financial assistance received by the Group were:

a. Tax relief and tax credits, page 97 of our 2020 Annual 

Report (Singapore tax incentives of S$2,000);

b. Subsidies, page 91 of our 2020 Annual Report 

(Singapore Jobs Support Scheme of S$62,000, New 

Zealand Wage Subsidy Scheme of S$66,000); and

c. Investment grants, research and development grants, 

and other relevant types of grant, pages 91 and 95 of our 

2020 Annual Report (Singapore property tax rebates of 

S$61,000, Singapore Wage Credit Scheme of S$6,000).  

No awards, royalty holidays, financial assistance from Export 

Credit Agencies, financial incentives or other financial benefits 

were received by the Group; and no government is present in 

the Group’s shareholding structure.

Despite the challenges faced, the Group earned revenue of 

S$8.6 million this year. Excluding non-cash unrealised fair 

value loss of S$7.3 million on our investment properties and 

unrealised foreign exchange losses of S$0.5 million, the Group 

would have posted a S$0.7 million net profit for FY2020. For 

more information about our economic performance this year, 

please refer to the following: 

• Key Figures, page 6 of this report; 

• Financial Review, pages pages 26 and 27 of our 2020 

Annual Report; and 

• Financial Statements, pages 62 to 150 of our 2020 

Annual Report. 

ESG factors are increasingly vital for business continuity, 

with ESG performance linked to a sustainable return. Climate 

change has the potential to generate substantive changes in 

our  operations, revenue and expenditure, providing both risks 

and opportunities across a range of commercial impacts. 

These include:

• Stranded assets – e.g. due to physical impacts of climate 

change or obsolete product design;

• Productivity and employee engagement – e.g. attracting and 

retaining talent, particularly millennials who feel accountable 

for social issues related to environmental protection and 

social equality (Deloitte Millennial Survey, 2017); 

• Brand reputation – e.g. consumers feeling confident about 

purchasing our products;

• Business model – e.g. input price rises and regulatory 

compliance costs; and

• Operational disruption – e.g. weather events affecting 

construction.

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE GRI 201

MATERIAL TOPIC 

DISCLOSURES


20

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

As the Group’s portfolio predominantly comprises new 

developments, we are able to manage risk by ensuring impacts 

are appropriately reviewed and analysed; for instance, The 

Sustainability Accounting Standards Board recommends 

physical impacts of climate change as a sustainability issue 

that is likely to affect the financial condition of companies within 

the real estate sector in their SASB Materiality Map®. Physical 

impacts include higher temperatures, rising sea levels, more 

extreme weather events and change in rainfall patterns, which 

will impact the Group’s property development activities. These 

risks, particularly flood risk due to rising sea levels, are considered 

during acquisitions and are managed by the management team 

that makes recommendations where appropriate. 

The Group seeks to continuously bring stakeholders 

more value with a focus on best practices and sustainable 

development, which allows us to remain attractive to our 

employees, shareholders, purchasers, tenants, visitors and 

local communities. Moving forward, our focus is delivering 

business performance in a vulnerable and constantly changing 

world, with an emphasis on remaining nimble in these uncertain 

times. The Group will continue to drive financial performance 

and deliver sustained growth for our stakeholders by embracing 

long-term value creation with a diversified property portfolio. 

As at 30 June 2020, GYPP has assets under management of 

S$185.3 million. We continue to believe that New Zealand is an 

attractive and stable market with long-term growth potential. 

This topic is relevant to UN SDG 16: Peace, Justice and Strong 

Institutions. As a signatory to the Ten Principles of the UN Global 

Compact, we are committed to working against corruption in 

all its forms, including extortion and bribery (Principle 10). The 

Group believes that upholding an ethos of transparency and 

compliance is critical to being an effective and accountable 

institution, and that high ethical standards are vital in building 

trust with stakeholders and maintaining a strong corporate 

reputation. Once again, our shareholders and employees 

indicated Anti-Corruption as a top priority for the Group in 

our 2019 and 2020 Annual Surveys. This impact occurs both 

internally and externally – through our own activities, as well as 

a result of our business relationships with other entities. 

The Group has in place an Enterprise Risk Management 

Framework wherein the management  reports quarterly to the 

Audit Committee which assists the Board in providing oversight 

of risk management in the Company. The Audit Committee is 

responsible for reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of 

the Group’s risk management systems and internal controls, 

including fraud risks. For more information about the Group’s 

risk management, internal controls and the Audit Committee, 

please refer to pages 46 to 49 of our 2020 Annual Report. The 

system of internal controls and risk management established 

by the Group provides reasonable, but not absolute, assurance 

that the Group will not be adversely affected by any event that 

can be reasonably foreseen as it strives to achieve its business 

objectives. However, the Board also notes that no system of 

internal controls and risk management can provide absolute 

assurance against the occurrence of material errors, poor 

judgement in decision-making, human errors, losses, fraud or 

other irregularities.

While no specific anti-corruption training has been received 

by employees in the last financial year, select employees 

attended training that included areas such as risk management 

and controls, including anti-corruption. At all times, we aim to 

conduct our business with the highest standards of integrity 

and honesty and we expect all staff to maintain the same 

standards in everything they do. The Group has an anti-

corruption policy in place approved by management and the 

Audit Committee. The purpose of the management approach 

is to mitigate risk of corruption within the Group, as well as the 

risk of becoming complicit in bribery, bribe solicitation and 

extortion.

In order to communicate the Company’s commitment to 

anti-corruption, as well as anti-corruption best practice and 

compliance requirements, all employees are signatories to 

an Anti-Corruption Compliance Commitment to educate and 

broaden awareness throughout the organisation. Our staff are 

reminded of the importance of upholding the highest standards 

and are updated by the Group with relevant developments in 

international and local regulations where applicable. In line 

with best practice, the Group requires employees involved in 

a conflict of interest situation or in one which could potentially 

lead to a conflict of interest, to report the matter to the Company. 

Employees are also encouraged to report concerns about any 

unethical or unlawful behaviour or any actions that may put the 

Group’s integrity at risk. Policies and mechanisms for seeking 

advice about ethical and lawful behaviour are detailed in the 

Group’s Employee Handbook with blackout trading periods of 

GYPP shares also observed before results announcements. To 

promote responsible and secure whistleblowing, the Group has 

established a Whistleblowing Policy to provide a mechanism 

for staff of GYPP to report malpractices in the workplace to 

the appropriate person and for the necessary follow-up action 

to be taken. This mechanism facilitates malpractices being 

reported and dealt with in a timely and appropriate manner and 

protects genuine whistleblowers from any unfair treatment as a 

result of their reports. In FY2020, we introduced a Responsible 

Supplier Commitment that requires new suppliers to accept 

and comply. On the next page is a summary of mechanisms 

and policies in place. 

ANTI-CORRUPTION GRI 205


21

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Governance 

Anti-Corruption Policy 

GYPP adopts a zero-tolerance stance towards corruption and bribery. Employees 

are expected to conduct and carry themselves in a manner consistent with the 

values of GYPP, and are required to adhere to a Code of Conduct and observe 

ethical behaviour. 

Anti-Corruption Compliance Commitment

All GYPP employees are signatories to an anti-corruption compliance commitment 

aimed at protecting the Company from corruption risks, as well as educating and 

broadening awareness throughout the Group. 

Policy on Conflict of Interest 

GYPP has a rigorous set of procedures to address any potential conflict of interest. 

All interested person transactions and situations of conflicted interest are subject 

to review by the Audit Committee, and all employees and major service providers 

must declare any potential conflicts of interest before entering into transactions. 

Fraud Risk Management Framework 

GYPP has a framework that sets out the principles and approach in a robust system 

of controls and procedures to manage fraud risks. The processes identify areas 

exposed to fraud and ensures they are clearly defined and incorporated in the Risk 

Profile Register. 

Internal Code of Securities Dealing 

GYPP has an internal code which prohibits Directors and executives of the Group 

from dealing in its shares while in possession of unpublished material or non-public 

price sensitive information in relation to such securities and during blackout trading 

periods. 

Whistleblowing Policy 

GYPP has a Whistleblowing Policy, which ensures that staff can raise any matters 

that cause them concern to their immediate supervisor (or in other instances, to the 

CEO, CFO, Corporate Marketing Director or the Audit Committee) with the knowledge 

that it would be taken seriously, be dealt with in the highest confidence, and be 

acted upon; while ensuring protection from possible reprisals and victimisation. 

Responsible Supplier Commitment

GYPP has a Supplier Code of Conduct in place that defines the principles of ethical, 

social and sustainable development with which the Group adopts, and which we 

require that our suppliers and their supply chains comply. New suppliers are required 

to comply with its content and to promote compliance among its stakeholders, 

including its employees, agents, subcontractors and suppliers. The Group 

encourages its suppliers to set up Corporate Social Responsibility initiatives to 

take account of the social, environmental and economic impacts of their activities.

The Group’s anti-corruption policies have been communicated to 

100% of the Group’s Board of Directors (6 Directors in Singapore) 

and 100% of the management team (6 managers – 3 in Singapore, 

3 in New Zealand); and 100% of employees have signed the 

Group’s Anti-Corruption Compliance Commitment (16 employees 

– 9 in Singapore, 7 in New Zealand). The Group currently has 

approximately 68 business partners (18% in Singapore, 82% in 

New Zealand), wherein the Responsible Supplier Commitment 

has been communicated to 90% of current business partners. 

Acceptance of our Responsible Supplier Commitment is 

mandatory for all new suppliers engaged from FY2020; currently, 

68% of all existing business partners have shown their support by 

accepting the Code of Conduct.

No reported incidents of corruption have been reported and 

as a result, no employees have been dismissed or disciplined 

for corruption. No contracts with business partners were 

terminated or not renewed due to violations related to 

corruption. No fines, penalties, settlements or sanctions for 

non-compliance with laws and regulations have been awarded 

against GYPP in relation to any corruption or governance issue. 

GYPP targets to maintain zero incidents next year and into the 

future. 

Figure 8: Group mechanisms and policies in place to communicate and manage our commitment to anti-corruption. 


22

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

EMISSIONS GRI 305

 GHG Emissions (tCO2e) 

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

 Scope 1 

17.691 

8.22 

7.83 

 Scope 2  

329.22 

316.75 

34.692 

 Total Scope 1+2 Emissions after RECs 

346.92 

324.96 

42.52 

 Scope 3  

886.65 

893.23 

270.933 

 Total Scope 1+2+3 Emissions after RECs 

1,233.57 

1,218.19 

313.45 

 Carbon offsets  

(70.00)

(1,218.00)

(313.45)

 Total GHG emissions after RECs and carbon offsets 

1,163.57 

0.19 

0.00

Figure 9: The Group’s Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions; “RECs” stands for Renewable Energy Certificates. Due to rounding, numbers presented in this 

table may not add up precisely to the totals provided.

Scope 1 Emissions are direct emissions from GYPP owned or controlled sources. This includes emissions from fuel used by 

our company owned vehicle and on-site combustion of fuel from an emergency generator at a GYPP managed property. As our 

emergency generator is only refuelled occasionally, GHG emissions are recorded in the year it is fuelled. Emissions have been 

calculated based on vehicle distance travelled and fuel log records.

Scope 2 Emissions are indirect emissions from the generation of purchased energy for areas the Group controls/manages. This 

includes emissions from our offices and shared areas at GYPP managed properties (Braddell House and Pakuranga Plaza). Energy 

consumption has been obtained from our energy providers. 

Scope 3 Emissions are indirect emissions from other indirect sources that occur in our value chain. This calculation includes 

both domestic and international business air travel across the Group; as well as emissions produced by tenants at GYPP managed 

properties. This year, we expanded our boundary to include Scope 3 emissions from heavy equipment used during construction at 

Bellfield Estate. Only hired equipment has currently been included; additional data for non-hired equipment is currently unavailable to 

us and the Group has been unable to obtain similar information for construction at Remarkables Residences. Emissions have been 

calculated based on passenger distance and class travelled, as well as fuel reports provided by our civil engineer.

This topic is relevant to UN SDG 13: Climate Action and SDG 7: Affordable and Clean Energy. As a signatory to the Ten Principles 

of the UN Global Compact, we are committed to supporting a precautionary approach to environmental challenges (Principle 7), 

undertaking initiatives to promote greater environmental responsibility (Principle 8) and encouraging the development and diffusion 

of environmentally friendly technologies (Principle 9). With impacts already being felt around the world, climate change is no longer a 

distant threat. In 2015, 195 countries signed The Paris Agreement, the world’s first comprehensive binding climate agreement. A key 

aspect of the Paris Agreement includes a commitment to keeping the rise in global temperature well below 2°C above pre-industrial 

levels, and to strive to limit this to 1.5°C. As such, emissions is a material impact for GYPP and we are committed to reducing our 

carbon footprint. This impact occurs both internally and externally – through our own activities, as well as a result of our business 

relationships with other entities.

The Group has a carbon management strategy that involves working with our relevant stakeholders to complete our greenhouse gas 

(“GHG”) inventory, reducing overall energy use, increasing the proportion of renewable energy consumption, and offsetting our GHG 

emissions. The purpose of the management approach is to reduce the Group’s carbon footprint, continuously improve on disclosure, 

and progress towards “net zero carbon”, as defined by the World Green Building Council. 

The Group reports using the financial consolidation approach and the calculations in this disclosure include CO2 (carbon dioxide), 

CH4 (methane) and N20 (nitrous oxide); The global warming potential (“GWP”) rates from the Fifth Assessment Report (“AR5”) 

have been used, along with the following calculation tools and emission factors: IPCC Greenhouse Gas Protocol GHG Emissions 

Calculation Tool v2.6; Greenhouse Gas Protocol Emission Factors from Cross-Sector Tools (March 2017); Singapore’s Energy Market 

Authority, updated 11 July 2018; and New Zealand’s Ministry for the Environment, A Guide for Organisations – 2019.

The figure below shows the Group’s total annual GHG emissions in metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (“tCO2e”), and GHG 

emissions avoided using carbon footprint reduction instruments since FY2018.

1 In FY2018, the Group was still distributing the final Yellow Pages Directories in Singapore. Our on-site emergency generator was refuelled this year, with no 

refuels in FY2019 and FY2020.

2  GHG emissions savings of 211.40 tCO2e from Braddell House were made using renewable energy certificates.

3  GHG emissions savings of 471.13 tCO2e from Braddell House were made using renewable energy certificates. In FY2020, our boundary was expanded 

to include Scope 3 emissions from hired heavy equipment used during construction at Bellfield Estate.


23

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

 GHG Emissions (tCO2e) 

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

 Braddell House, Singapore 

70.90 

67.39 

0.00

 Pakuranga Plaza, New Zealand 

6.08 

6.42 

6.06 

Annual Changes in Emissions (tCO2e) 

 FY2017 / FY2018 

 FY2018 / FY2019 

 FY2019 / FY2020 

 Scope 1+2 Emissions 

 not available

 (21.96)

(282.44)

Figure 10: GHG emissions intensity ratios for Braddell House and Pakuranga Plaza. 

Figure 11: The Group’s changes in Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions.

To demonstrate GYPP’s commitment to lowering our carbon footprint, the Group has aligned our carbon reduction goal with the 

World Green Building Council’s Net Zero Carbon Buildings Commitment. This Commitment challenges companies, cities, states and 

regions to reach Net Zero operating emissions in their portfolios by 2030. In addition to reducing overall energy use, GYPP utilises two 

widely used instruments – Renewable Energy Certificates (“RECs”) and carbon offsets. RECs are used to validate the consumption of 

electricity from renewable sources and are measured in terms of electricity units. Carbon offsets are used to represent the avoidance 

of greenhouse gas emissions through investing in environmental projects to balance out our carbon footprint and are measured in 

units of carbon dioxide equivalent. 

GYPP works with Singapore energy provider, Geneco (Seraya Energy) to obtain RECs from the Tradable Instruments for Global 

Renewables (“TIGRs”) Registry for Braddell House-related electricity consumption. The Group obtained RECs for 1,438,000 kWh 

of electricity consumed at Braddell House for the year. TIGRs was launched in 2016 by APX, Inc. in partnership with Sunseap, 

Singapore’s leading solar power developer; multi-national corporate buyers; and the Solar Energy Research Institute of Singapore. 

GYPP also works with New Zealand-based Ekos to offset our remaining Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions. Ekos is a social enterprise that 

grows and protects indigenous forests, delivering sustainable development outcomes in rural communities in Aotearoa-New Zealand 

and the Pacific Islands. Their carbon credits come from the growth of new forests and the protection of existing forests from logging, 

and all credits sold by Ekos are retired from the appropriate third-party registry. GYPP is certified Carbon Friendly with Ekos, which 

was achieved by offsetting 313.45 tCO2e.

Greenhouse gas emissions intensity ratios for GYPP owned and managed properties since FY2018 are provided in the table below 

and take into consideration renewable energy certificates for Braddell House.

GYPP’s reduction plans are based on individual building targets and building managers are responsible for achieving their individual 

building targets and programmes. In FY2020, the Group’s operations were impacted by Covid-19 lockdown periods – resulting in 

travel restrictions, the partial closure of our retail centre, and restrictions on access for commercial tenants providing non-essential 

services – contributing to the reduction of emissions for FY2019 / FY2020. The table below shows the Group’s annual changes in 

emissions due to reduction initiatives and unforeseen circumstances.

The Group is working with our consultants and builders to incorporate Homestar rating elements – which include energy, health, 

comfort, water, waste and materials – into our design work, and expect to reach between six and nine stars. Homestar is a 

comprehensive, independent national rating tool by the New Zealand Green Building Council. A ‘6 Homestar’ rating or higher provides 

assurance that a house will be better quality – warmer, drier, healthier and cost less to run – as compared to a typical new house built 

to building code; and a ‘10 Homestar’ rating denotes a world leading home. To optimise the use of our buildings, we select the latest 

in energy-efficient lighting, heating and appliances. As Construction materials make up 60-80% of GHG emissions associated with 

the production of a building, the Group is exploring alternative materials and methods of construction to both reduce the embodied 

carbon of our buildings, as well as to reduce construction and demolition waste.


24

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

This topic is relevant to UN SDG 16: Peace, Justice and Strong 

Institutions, SDG 11: Sustainable Cities and Communities and 

SDG 15: Life on Land. As a signatory to the Ten Principles of 

the UN Global Compact, we are committed to supporting a 

precautionary approach to environmental challenges (Principle 

7) and undertaking initiatives to promote greater environmental 

responsibility (Principle 8). By supporting the precautionary 

approach to managing risks and protecting the environment 

across our value chain; where there are threats of serious or 

irreversible damage, lack of full scientific certainty is not used 

as a reason for postponing cost-effective measures to prevent 

environmental degradation. 

Our shareholders and employees indicated Environmental 

Compliance to be a top priority for the Group in our 2019 

and 2020 Annual Surveys. As a public-listed company on 

the Singapore Exchange, we strive to uphold high standards 

in corporate governance and business ethics, including 

compliance with environmental laws and regulations. The 

Group also believes that environmental compliance is not only 

an important consideration for a strong corporate reputation, 

but also helps to minimise financial and legal issues arising from 

non-compliance. For these reasons, environmental compliance 

is a material impact for GYPP. This impact occurs both internally 

and externally – through our own activities, as well as a result of 

our business relationships with other entities.

Our property portfolio is predominantly made up of assets in 

New Zealand. With New Zealand’s heavy reliance on the natural 

environment, the government promotes the sustainable 

management of natural and physical resources, such as land, 

air and water, via the Resource Management Act 1991 (‘RMA”). 

The RMA manages the use, development and protection 

of natural and physical resources in a way, or at a rate, which 

enables people and communities to provide for their social and 

cultural well-being and for their health and safety, while at the 

same time: 

• Sustaining the potential of natural and physical resources 

(excluding minerals) to meet the reasonably foreseeable 

needs of future generations; 

• Safeguarding the life-supporting capacity of air, water, soil 

and ecosystems; and 

• Avoiding, remedying or mitigating any adverse effects on 

the environment. 

The Group considers the environment in our operations and 

keeps up to date with best practices relevant to our business. 

GYPP manages our developments and works with consultant 

teams to deliver projects; and to ensure compliance, we work 

closely with our contractors and hire experts to lead the work 

where necessary. We take diligent care in adhering to the RMA 

standards and relevant regional standards, and we conduct 

regular reviews of policies and internal checks, as well as 

environmental impact assessments of our projects prior to 

construction to establish appropriate mitigation measures. The 

Group’s management approach is to comply with all applicable 

environmental laws and regulations; and to mitigate and 

remediate negative environmental impacts. The table below 

shows the Group’s compliance record.

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE GRI 307

 

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

Total monetary value of significant fines ($)

0

0

0

Total number of non-monetary sanctions

0

0

0

Cases brought through dispute resolution mechanisms

0

0

0

Figure 12: The Group’s environmental compliance record.

No fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with environmental laws/or regulations were recorded in FY2020 and the 

Group targets to maintain this track record next year and into the future. 




25

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

This topic is relevant to UN SDG 8: Decent Work and Economic 

Growth and SDG 3: Good Health and Well-Being. This impact 

occurs both internally and externally – through our own activities, 

as well as a result of our business relationships with other 

entities. The Group strongly believes in providing a safe working 

environment across our business operations – not only is looking 

after our people the right thing to do, but maintaining a good track 

record is also important for our reputation, as well as minimising 

financial and legal issues. For these reasons, occupational health 

and safety (“OHS”) is a material topic for GYPP.

We comply to the relevant health and safety codes (New 

Zealand’s Health and Safety at Work Act 2015 and Singapore’s 

Workplace Safety and Health Act) which set out the principles, 

duties and rights in relation to workplace health and safety in 

each country, and have appropriate OHS management systems 

in place. These include ensuring the appropriate certifications 

and licenses  are obtained to conduct our business operations. 

On sites where we have control of both work and workplace, our 

teams review work activities on an ongoing basis to identify any 

new risks that need to be managed, conduct regular workplace 

inspections, put in place suitable control measures for potential 

hazards, and implement standard operating procedures to 

ensure that employees are well-equipped and have the relevant 

training to respond appropriately and safely. Staff are asked for 

inputs during routine meetings on identifying health and safety 

risks, and when choosing solutions. 

Where contractors are appointed, we ensure they are 

selected based on our assessments and where relevant, the 

recommendations of independent third parties. We provide 

contractors with hazard information and control procedures 

where relevant, and maintain a “stop work” policy in the event 

there is reasonable doubt of safety. Should contractors 

encounter work-related hazards or hazardous situations, 

these are reported directly to the manager in charge and are 

addressed appropriately. All contractors are required to have 

their own insurance in place. In order to prevent and mitigate 

negative impacts, we ensure that we are up to date with 

industry standards, reports and improvements; and that our 

suppliers adhere to and monitor OHS procedures. While our 

main contractors are responsible for their own OHS on-site 

during construction, we ensure that they have all applicable 

procedures and reporting in place, and undertake random 

checks. Should any significant health and safety incidence 

occur, management is informed and work-related incidents are 

investigated to identify the hazards, and determine corrective 

actions and improvements needed. 

Due to Covid-19, the Group has implemented additional 

hygiene standards and precautionary measures at all controlled 

workplaces. These include complying with the relevant country 

requirements around safe distancing, using personal protective 

equipment as appropriate, conducting temperature checks 

and assisting with contact tracing; increasing the frequency of 

cleaning and disinfecting; introducing hand sanitiser stations in 

high traffic areas; providing cleaning guidelines to retailers and 

contractors; increasing security where needed; and providing a 

dedicated quarantine room, where relevant.

Where the Group has no control over both work and workplace, 

GYPP has a responsibility to make efforts to prevent and 

mitigate negative OHS impacts that are directly linked to our 

operations. GYPP’s Responsible Supplier Commitment defines 

the principles of ethical, social and sustainable development 

which we require of our suppliers and their supply chains. From 

FY2020, all suppliers are required to comply with its content and 

to promote compliance among its stakeholders. The code of 

conduct includes ensuring safe and healthy working conditions 

for employees; adequate personal safety equipment; employee 

training on the main risks affecting OHS in the workplace; and 

that employees comply with the applicable safety rules and 

regulations. 

The Group’s management approach is to mitigate injuries and 

negative occupational health and safety impacts across our 

value chain wherever possible. Below is a record of our safety 

performance based on incident reports provided by Group staff 

and appointed contractors. 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY GRI 403

Safety Performance

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

Property Development 

Number of workplace fatalities

0

0

0

Number of non-fatal workplace injuries

0

0

0

Number of minor first-aid injuries

0

13

4

Number of lost days

0

0

0

Property Management

Number of workplace fatalities

0

0

0

Number of non-fatal workplace injuries

1

0

1

Number of minor first-aid injuries

3

1

3

Number of lost days

0

0

0

Figure 13: The Group’s safety performance record.


26

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

This topic is relevant to UN SDG 16: Peace, Justice and Strong 

Institutions, SDG 5: Gender Equality and SDG 10: Reduced 

Inequalities. As a signatory to the Ten Principles of the UN Global 

Compact, we are committed to the elimination of discrimination 

in respect of employment and occupation (Principle 6). The 

Group has also endorsed the Employer’s Pledge of Fair 

Employment Practices, an initiative by the Tripartite Alliance 

for Fair &amp; Progressive Employment Practices, which signals our 

commitment to be fair and abide by the Tripartite Guidelines 

on Fair Employment Practices. The five principles of Fair 

Employment Practices are: 

1. Recruit and select employees on the basis of merit 

(such as skills, experience or ability to perform the job), 

and regardless of age, race, gender, religion, marital status 

and family responsibilities, or disability. 

2. Treat employees fairly and with respect and implement 

progressive human resource management systems. 

3. Provide employees with equal opportunity to be 

considered for training and development based on their 

strengths and needs to help them achieve their full potential. 

4. Reward employees fairly based on their ability, 

performance, contribution and experience. 

5. Abide by labour laws and adopt the Tripartite Guidelines 

on Fair Employment Practices. 

This impact area occurs within the Group as a direct result of 

business operations. We believe that attracting, developing 

and retaining a diverse workforce is important to operate 

successfully. Operating in Singapore and New Zealand which 

are countries with diverse workforces, it is important that we 

implement fair and merit-based employment practices not 

only because it is the right thing to do, but also to increase 

the prospect of finding the best person for the job. For these 

reasons, Diversity and Equal Opportunity is a material topic 

for GYPP and as such, our recruitment and performance 

assessments of employees are based on merit, work attitude, 

cooperation with other staff, as well as their efficiency and 

effectiveness of work. Our management approach is to provide 

equal opportunities to all our employees and avoid all instances 

of discrimination at the workplace.

In FY2020, the Group adopted a board diversity policy, which 

recognises the importance of having an effective and diverse 

Board. The main objective of the policy is to have an appropriate 

balance of skills, experience, knowledge and other aspects 

of diversity (e.g. gender, age and nationality) on the Board to 

support the long-term success of the Group. Under the policy, 

the Nominations Committee is responsible for recommending 

to the Board the relevant practices to promote and achieve 

diversity on the Board. The Board is making progress on the 

implementation of the board diversity policy and is placing 

more emphasis on diversity when identifying persons for 

appointment to the Board. The Group’s Board of Directors is 

currently 100% male, of which 83.3% of Directors are over 50 

years old and 16.7% is 30-50 years old.

As at 30 June 2020, the Group has a total of 16 employees. 

The information in this section covers employees of GYPP only 

and excludes consultants. While our corporate office activities, 

facilities management and project management are conducted 

in house by employees, the Group uses external consultants 

and builders to deliver development projects. The Group does 

not experience seasonal variations in employee numbers. 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY GRI 405

44%

56%

TOTAL

16

44%

56%

TOTAL

16

19%

31%

50%

TOTAL

16 

Female 

9 employees 

100% permanent 

100% full time 

0% part-time

Singapore 

9 employees 

100% permanent

&gt;50 Years 

5 employees

GENDER

LOCATION

AGE

Male 

7 employees 

100% permanent 

86% full time 

14% part-time

New Zealand 

7 employees 

100% permanent

30-50 Years 

8 employees

&lt;30 years 

3 employees

Figure 14: The Group’s employees by gender, location and age.


27

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

This topic is relevant to SDG 10: Good Health and Well-Being 

and SDG 11: Sustainable Cities and Communities. The Group 

is committed to providing safe and healthy environments for 

purchasers, tenants and visitors to enjoy. Furthermore, it is 

critical for our business and brand reputation that customers 

are confident about purchasing our development projects 

and visiting and using our premises. For these reasons, 

Customer Health and Safety is a material topic for GYPP. This 

impact occurs both internally and externally – through our own 

activities, as well as a result of our business relationships with 

other entities.

100% of GYPP’s property management and property 

development businesses are regularly assessed for 

improvement, and the Group has established customer health 

and safety policies in place. Our teams have identified potential 

hazards, put in place mitigating control measures and set out 

standard operating procedures, which ensure that employees 

are well-equipped to respond appropriately and promptly 

in case of incidents, and that they have the relevant training 

required to do so. We appoint contractors and suppliers that 

have strong records, and we obtain the necessary licenses and 

certifications and carry out any necessary work to comply with 

the relevant health and safety codes (New Zealand’s Health and 

Safety at Work Act 2015 and Singapore’s Workplace Safety 

and Health Act). We carry out regular fire alarm testing and 

evacuation trials overseen by relevant parties in New Zealand 

and Singapore; slip testing of floors; regular building safety 

inspections, as well as obtaining our annual Building Warrants 

of Fitness, where relevant. Management walkabouts are 

conducted regularly to provide an additional perspective within 

our properties of any issues that require attention and multiple 

staff and on-site contract staff are workplace first aid trained. In 

the event of a cardiac arrest, a regularly serviced defibrillator is 

located in the office. Our management approach is to mitigate 

risk of negative health and safety impacts for customers, and 

enhance customer experience and enjoyment.

Due to Covid-19, the Group has implemented additional 

hygiene standards and precautionary measures at our managed 

properties. These include complying with local requirements 

around safe distancing, using personal protective equipment 

as appropriate; increasing the frequency of cleaning and 

disinfecting; introducing hand sanitiser stations in high traffic 

areas; increasing security where needed; and where relevant, 

conducting temperature checks, facilitating contact tracing, 

providing cleaning guidelines to retailers and contractors, and 

providing a dedicated quarantine room.

In FY2020, we are pleased to record zero incidents of non-

compliance concerning customer health and safety on our 

properties, and as such, no fines or warnings have been issued. 

We target to maintain this track record next year and into the future.

We are committed to achieving gender equality through 

remuneration based on merit and the Group has a zero 

tolerance policy for workplace discrimination, violence and 

harassment. The following information shows the ratio of basic 

salary and remuneration of women to men. As GYPP operates 

in two countries, both locations have been deemed significant 

locations of operation and included in this disclosure. 

Ratio of the basic salary and remuneration of women to men for 

each employee category:

• Management – 0.614

• Non-management – 1.225

Ratio of the basic salary and remuneration of women to men for 

each employee category, by significant location of operation:

• Management, Singapore – 0.556 

• Management, New Zealand – 0.807

• Non-management, Singapore – 1.288

• Non-Management, New Zealand – 1.249

No incidents of discrimination have been reported during the 

period and GYPP targets to maintain zero incidents next year 

and into the future. The data in this section has been compiled 

using information available to our Human Resources personnel, 

as well as employee surveys. 

CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY GRI 416

4 Average basic remuneration of women in management divided by average basic remuneration of men in management.

5 Average basic remuneration of women not in management divided by average basic remuneration of men not in management.

6 For Singapore employees, average basic remuneration of women in management divided by average basic remuneration of men in management.

7 For New Zealand employees, average basic remuneration of women in management divided by average basic remuneration of men in management.

8 For Singapore employees, average basic remuneration of women not in management divided by average basic remuneration of men not in management.

9 For New Zealand employees, average basic remuneration of women not in management divided by average basic remuneration of men not in management.


28

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

This topic is relevant to UN SDG 16: Peace, Justice and 

Strong Institutions. With more time than ever spent online and 

information being shared instantaneously, customer privacy 

is an increasingly important issue that is related to mitigating 

risk of personal information misuse, mishandling, identity theft 

and financial fraud. We believe that accountability and a good 

track record are critical to building trust with stakeholders and 

maintaining a strong corporate reputation. For these reasons, 

Customer Privacy is a material topic to the Group and we are 

committed to doing our best to safeguard customer privacy. 

Our customers include visitors at our retail centre, tenants of 

our leased spaces and purchasers of our properties. As we 

use software platforms that interface with customer data, 

engage third parties to support property sales and leasing, 

and contract external security teams on our sites, this impact 

occurs both internally and externally – through our own 

activities, as well as a result of our business relationships with 

other entities. 

The Group aims to comply with the requirements of Singapore’s 

Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”) and New Zealand’s 

The Privacy Act 1993, and has a Privacy Policy which provides 

information about how we collect, use and disclose personal 

data. This includes safeguarding personal data from unauthorised 

access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, 

disposal or similar risks; and we have internal measures in 

place that address unnecessary retention of personal data and 

mechanisms to withdraw personal data. The Group recognises 

that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of 

electronic storage is completely secure. While security cannot 

be guaranteed, we strive to protect the security of personal 

information and are constantly reviewing and enhancing our 

information security measures. 

The Group recognises the increased risk of cyberattacks 

and hence the importance of cyber security in the 

Company. We endeavour to maintain, secure and ensure 

legal and appropriate use of our information technology 

(“IT”) infrastructure and systems at all times, and also 

seek to enforce our IT policies, safeguard the integrity of 

computers, networks, data and all IT property interests. We 

have introduced appropriate administrative physical and 

technical measures, such as up-to-date antivirus protection 

and encryption where appropriate, to secure personal data 

used internally; and personal data used by our authorised 

third party service providers and agents is on a need-to-

know basis only. As a result of Covid-19 and more employees 

working from home, both global reports and internal logs 

are showing that criminals are taking advantage of security 

vulnerabilities, and increasing attempts to steal data and 

cause disruption. In response, the Group rolled out unified 

endpoint management and enhanced threat protection 

software across the Company to further enhance IT security 

and also better manage phishing emails, malicious email 

attachments and malicious links in emails.

The Group’s management approach provides good corporate 

governance and accountability to maximise data protection 

and minimise risk of data privacy breaches and mishandling. 

We are pleased to report zero complaints concerning 

breaches of customer privacy and have no identified leaks, 

thefts or losses of customer data. We have had no fines and 

non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws and/

or regulations. GYPP targets to maintain zero incidents next 

year and into the future.

 

CUSTOMER PRIVACY GRI 418




29

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

This topic is relevant to UN SDG 16: Peace, Justice and Strong 

Institutions and includes the Group’s overall compliance 

record, as well as compliance with specific laws or regulations 

in the social and economic area. Compliance can relate to 

accounting and tax fraud, corruption, bribery, competition, 

the provision of products and services, or labour issues, such 

as workplace discrimination, among others. This includes 

compliance with international declarations, conventions, 

and treaties, as well as national, sub-national, regional, 

and local regulations. The group believes that our overall 

compliance record, as well as compliance with specific laws 

or regulations in the social and economic area, is critical to 

being a responsible business. We believe that socioeconomic 

compliance is also a fundamental requirement for building 

trust with our stakeholders and maintaining our corporate 

reputation. As a signatory to the Ten Principles of the 

UN Global Compact, we agree to embrace, support and 

enact a set of core values in the areas of human rights, 

labour standards, the environment and anti-corruption. For 

more information about how the Group manages specific 

socioeconomic compliance issues, please refer to material 

topic disclosures Anti-Corruption, and Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity. This impact occurs both internally and externally 

– through our own activities, as well as a result of our business 

relationships with other entities. The Group’s Enterprise Risk 

Management Framework and management approach ensure 

good corporate governance and accountability, and mitigate 

risk of non-compliance within the Group, as well as the risk 

of becoming complicit in human rights, anti-corruption and 

labour issues.

Our management team is responsible for reviewing and 

monitoring the Group’s policies and practices and any 

material incidents of non-compliance are reported to the 

Board of Directors. The Group ensures good corporate 

governance by observing best practices in compliance. As 

a public-listed company on the Singapore Exchange, various 

regulatory bodies have oversight of our operations and GYPP 

is committed to conducting our business with integrity to 

safeguard the interest of all our stakeholders, both internal and 

external. In order to do this, our employees keep up to date 

on regulations and engage with the various authorities and 

experts as required. Regular checks are practised and we work 

with experienced, knowledgeable and reputable consultants to 

ensure works are compliant. By adhering to laws, regulations, 

guidelines and specifications relevant to our business, we 

ensure that we build a strong and ethical reputation, and that 

we attract strong, like-minded partners and employees to 

work and grow with. We are pleased to report that there were 

no complaints or incidents of non-compliance in FY2020, 

and as such, there are no significant fines and non-monetary 

sanctions for non-compliance with laws and/or regulations in 

the social and economic area. GYPP targets to maintain zero 

incidents next year and into the future. 

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE GRI 419




30

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

In 2019, the Group launched our keystone programme, “Gift 

of Home”. As a real estate developer, we are passionate about 

building inclusive and safe communities and with the provision of 

homes and places to connect at the heart of the GYPP business, 

we have defined our operations to align our economic and societal 

goals, and have chosen homelessness to be the Group’s main 

cause area. According to The UN Refugee Agency and the Internal 

Displacement Monitoring Centre, 25 million people lose their 

home every year. Unsheltered and exposed, many also lose their 

lives with women and children being among the most vulnerable. 

Our first partnership under “Gift of Home” is with Singapore non-

profit organisation billionBricks. For every home GYPP sells, the 

Group donates an innovative weatherHYDE shelter to a displaced 

or homeless family in the region. Used most commonly as a 

refugee shelter or after a natural disaster strikes to help end 

poverty, billionBricks’ weatherHYDE is the world’s first reversible 

life-saving shelter that is insulated, which provides protection 

from both hot and cold weather and offers women and children 

privacy and a safe space. In June 2020 with the help of ABS-

CBN Foundation, our first batch of weatherHYDE shelters were 

delivered to vulnerable families who were severely affected by mud 

flows in Barangay Buso-Buso, Laurel, Batangas in the Philippines. 

We hope these families and the community will recover soon, and 

we look forward to seeing more shelters being distributed to serve 

those in need. The Group would like to thank all our new home 

owners and our partners, billionBricks and ABS-CBN Foundation, 

for joining us in our mission of alleviating homelessness.

GIFT OF HOME X BILLIONBRICKS



GYP Properties strongly believes that ‘having a soul’ is just as 

important as creating economic value. We believe in building 

a company that has a pronounced social core and engaged 

employees, through supporting communities and social 

causes. In alignment with UN SDG 10: Reduced Inequalities 

and SDG 1: No Poverty, the Group identifies opportunities to 

contribute to society through donations, fundraising activities, 

volunteering and gifts in kind. GYPP looks to address the 

inequalities faced by vulnerable communities by providing 

increased access to services and assets, and works with 

like-minded organisations to help achieve these goals. We 

believe that encouraging a giving culture nurtures empathy at 

work and creates trust, engagement, as well as strengthens 

relationships. Joint experiences build bridges and creates 

psychological safety; and engaged employees are more likely 

to feel connected to the Company. 

SOCIAL IMPACT


31

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

The Group and our employees are passionate about 

volunteering and have adopted South Central Community 

Family Service Centre (“SCC”) as our community partner in 

Singapore. SCC provides support to low-income and vulnerable 

families in the community. While giving support to families 

who seek help in financial, social or relationship issues, SCC 

also encourages community self-help and cooperation. This 

year, GYPP supported SCC with services in kind to launch a 

fundraising campaign in support of low income families affected 

by Covid-19. 100% of funds from the #WeCareSG movement 

were distributed for basic needs, with priority given to families 

with young children, single parents and the elderly. The Group 

also donated masks to SCC and supported with logistics and 

volunteers for delivery of additional masks and other items from 

corporate donors to the vulnerable in the community.

SOUTH CENTRAL COMMUNITY FAMILY SERVICE CENTRE 



Where possible, the Group lends a hand to support others. 

In Singapore, GYP Properties provides office facilities to the 

MILK (Mainly I Love Kids) Fund, a non-profit organisation that 

addresses the needs of children at risk. In Auckland, office 

facilities are provided to Plunket, a provider of support services 

for children under the age of five. On the next page is a list of 

organisations and corresponding activities that we supported 

during the financial year at Pakuranga Plaza. We look forward to 

further engagements in FY2021.

OTHER CONTRIBUTIONS


32

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Community Organisation

Activity / Support

Arthritis New Zealand

Fundraising collection

Auckland Council

Community promotion

Blind Foundation

Fundraising collection

Breast Cancer Foundation

Fundraising collection

Cancer Society

Fundraising collection

Canterbury New Zealand Business Association

Walk a Mile fundraising collection

Cystic Fibrosis

Fundraising collection

Girl Guiding New Zealand

Fundraising collection

Heart Foundation

Fundraising collection

Heart Kids NZ

Fundraising collection

Howick/Pakuranga Community Patrol

Raising awareness

Howick RSA 

Fundraising collection for Red Poppy Day

Little Sisters of the Poor

Fundraising collection

Macleans College

Student Market - school based business studies activity where students make, 

market and sell their products to the general public

New Zealand College of Chiropractic

Social awareness about spinal health

Pakuranga College

Student Market - school based business studies activity where students make, 

market and sell their products to the general public

Pakuranga Rugby League Club

Registrations

Parkinsons New Zealand

Fundraising collection

Pest Free Howick

Raising organisation awareness

Red Puppy Appeal

Fundraising collection

Ronald McDonald

Fundraising collection

Salvation Army

Fundraising collection

Shen Yun

Raising organisation awareness

SPCA

Fundraising collection

Stroke Foundation

Fundraising collection

Totara Hospice

Fundraising collection

UNICEF

Fundraising collection


33

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

GRI STANDARDS 

CONTENT INDEX

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Page / Responses

GRI 101: Foundation 2016

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

GRI 102: General Disclosures 

2016

102-1

Name of the organisation

Page 5

102-2

Activities, brands, products and services

Page 5

102-3

Location of headquarters

Page 5

102-4

Location of operations

Page 5

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Page 5

102-6

Markets served

Page 5

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Page 26

102-8

Information on employees and other 

workers

Page 26

102-9

Supply chain

Page 15

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation 

and its supply chain

Page 16 

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

Page 18

102-12

External initiatives

Pages 9 to 11

102-13

Membership of associations

Page 11

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Pages 3 to 4

102-15

Key impacts, risks and opportunities

Pages 17 to 18

102-16

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour

Pages 9 to 10

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns 

about ethics

Pages 20 to 21

102-18

Governance structure

Page 13

102-19

Delegating authority

Pages 12 to 13

102-20

Executive-level responsibility for 

economic, environmental and social 

topics

Pages 12 to 13

102-21

Consulting stakeholders on economic, 

environmental, and social topics

Pages 15 to 16

102-22

Composition of the highest governance 

body and its committees

Page 12

102-23

Chair of the highest governance body

Page 12

102-24 

Nominating and selecting the highest 

governance body

Page 12

102-26

Role of highest governance body in setting 

purpose, values, and strategy

Pages 12 to 13

102-27

Collective knowledge of highest 

governance body

Page 13

102-29

Identifying and managing economic, 

environmental, and social impacts

Page 12

102-30

Effectiveness of risk management 

processes

Page 12


34

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Page / Responses

GRI 101: Foundation 2016

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

GRI 102: General Disclosures 

2016

102-31

Review of economic, environmental, and 

social topics

Pages 12 to 13 

102-32

Highest governance body’s role in 

sustainability reporting

Pages 7 and 12

102-35

Remuneration policies

Pages 12 and 27 

102-36

Process for determining remuneration

Page 12

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Page 16

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

None

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Pages 15 and 16 

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Pages 15 and 16

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Pages 17 and 18 

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements

Page 8

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries

Page 17

102-47

List of material topics

Page 17

102-48

Restatement of information

Not applicable

102-49

Changes in reporting

None 

102-50

Reporting period

Page 8

102-51

Date of most recent previous report

Page 8

102-52

Reporting cycle

Page 8

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report

Page 8

102-54

Claims if reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards

Page 7

102-55

GRI content index

Pages 33 to 35

102-56

External assurance

Page 8

MATERIAL TOPICS

GRI 201: Economic 

performance 2016

201-1

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed

Page 19

201-2

Financial implications and other risks and 

opportunities due to climate change

Page 19 

201-3

Defined benefit plan obligations and other 

retirement plans

Not applicable

201-4

Financial assistance received from 

government

Page 19

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 

2016

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption

Page 20

205-2

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures

Page 20

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and 

actions taken

Page 21

GRI 305: Emissions 2016

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Page 22

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

Page 22

305-3

Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions

Page 22

305-4

GHG emissions intensity

Page 23

305-5

Reduction of GHG emissions

Pages 22 and 23

GRI 307: Environmental 

compliance 2016

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations

Page 24


35

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Page / Responses

GRI 101: Foundation 2016

MATERIAL TOPICS

GRI 403: Occupational health 

and safety 2018

403-1

Occupational health and safety 

management system

Page 25

403-2

Hazard identification, risk assessment, 

and incident investigation

Page 25

403-4

Worker participation, consultation, and 

communication on occupations health and 

safety

Page 25

403-5

Worker training on occupational health 

and safety

Page 25

403-7

Prevention and mitigation of occupational 

health and safety impacts directly linked 

by business relationships

Page 25

403-9

Work-related injuries

Page 25

GRI 405: Diversity and equal 

opportunity 2016

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees

Page 26

405-2

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of 

women to men

Page 27

GRI 416: Customer health and 

safety 2016

416-1

Assessment of the health and safety 

impacts of product and service categories

Page 27

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

the health and safety impacts of products 

and services

Page 27

GRI 418: Customer privacy 

2016

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning 

breaches of customer

privacy and losses of customer data

Page 28

GRI 419: Socio-economic 

compliance 2016

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations 

in the social and economic area

Page 29




36

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



GYP Properties Limited

Company Reg No. 200304719G

1 Lorong 2 Toa Payoh, Yellow Pages Building, Singapore 319637 | T. +65 6351 1000 I F. +65 6354 3828 I W. www.gypproperties.com

