
1

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED 2018

Corporate Profile 04  About this Report 05  Our Approach to Sustainability 06  Economic 10  Environmental 11  

Social 14  Governance 16


2

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Welcome to our 

2018 Sustainability Report.

Today, GYP Properties Limited (“GYPP”), formerly known as Global 

Yellow Pages Limited, and our subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) 

are pleased to present our first Sustainability Report, which covers 

our efforts for the financial year ended 30 June 2018 (“FY2018”).  

While our corporate social responsibility activities have been 

ongoing for many years, GYPP seeks to improve our business as 

a whole and use this report to inspire, activate and inform our 

decision-making.  This Sustainability Report provides a robust 

platform to share the Group’s strategy, including our initiatives and 

relevant performances. Having completed the transition of our core 

business from directory advertising to property in FY2018, we enter 

a new chapter and are committed to continuously bringing our 

stakeholders more value with a focus on best practices. We look 

forward to sharing more with you.

Mah Bow Tan 

Chairman

Ng Tiong Gee  

Director

Andrew Tay Gim Chuan 

Director

Stanley Tan Poh Leng 

Chief Executive Officer

Pang Yoke Min 

Director

Loo Wen Lieh 

Director

30 April 2019


3

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

04	 Corporate	Profile

05 About this Report

06	 Our	Approach	to	Sustainability

10 Economic

11	 Environmental

14	 Social

16 Governance

CONTENTS






4

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

 Listed on the Singapore Exchange in 2004, GYP Properties 

Limited started in 1967 with the publication of the Yellow Pages print 

directories and the sale of advertising. Faced with the challenges 

of a declining print directory business, we evolved over the years, 

covering other areas such as magazine publishing; online directories; 

marketing services and software distribution. 

With decades of experience in real estate development in Singapore, 

New Zealand and Australia; our key management and Board sought 

and received shareholder approval to diversify our business to 

property development, management and investment in May 2015. 

We announced the final edition (2018) of the Yellow Pages print 

directories in August 2017.

Presently, the Company has a property portfolio of 303,172 sqm 

of land, comprising commercial, retail and residential assets in 

Singapore and New Zealand. 

The name of the company was changed from Global Yellow Pages 

Limited to GYP Properties Limited in October 2018.

For more information about our property portfolio and upcoming 

projects, please refer to our Annual Report.

CORPORATE  

PROFILE


5

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

BOARD STATEMENT

In accordance with Rules 711A, 711B and Practice Note 7.6 

of the Listing Manual of the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”), this Sustainability Report is set 

out on a “comply or explain” basis. 

The key material environmental, social and governance 

factors for the Group have been identified and reviewed by 

the Chairman and the CEO. The Board of Directors oversees 

the management and monitoring of these factors and takes 

them into consideration in the determination of the Group’s 

strategic direction and policies. 

Sustainability is a key component of the Company’s wider 

strategy to create long term value for all our stakeholders 

and the Group is committed to working towards improving 

the economic, environmental and social well-being of the 

communities we operate in. 

REPORTING SCOPE AND PERIOD

The Sustainability Report was prepared based on GYPP’s 

financial year from 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2018 and 

covers sustainability performance for our wholly-owned 

subsidiaries in Singapore and New Zealand. 

The data and information provided have not been verified 

by an independent third party. Moving forward, we will be 

publishing our report no later than 30 November on an 

annual basis. 

TARGETS

Given that this is our inaugural report, in some areas, we plan 

to gather sufficient performance data to form a trend before 

setting targets . 

REPORTING FRAMEWORK

This Sustainability Report has been prepared in reference 

with the Core option of the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) 

Standards. GRI is the most widely adopted global standards 

for sustainability reporting and provides businesses 

and organisations worldwide a framework to measure, 

understand 

and 

communicate 

critical 

sustainability 

issues on environmental, economic and social impacts  

to stakeholders.

ACCESS

As part of our efforts to reduce our environmental footprint, 

no hard copies of this Sustainability Report have been 

printed. You may visit the SGX website or our company 

website at gypproperties.com to access our Sustainability 

Report.

FEEDBACK

If you have any comments or suggestions, please email 

sustainability@gypproperties.com. 

We 

welcome 

and 

value feedback from our stakeholders as this enables 

us to consistently improve our policies, processes  

and performance. 

ABOUT 

THIS REPORT




6

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

The Group has employed a systematic framework to assess 

and evaluate our economic, environmental, social and 

governance practices. We believe that adopting an effective 

methodology will not only allow us to identify key policies 

and performances, but also allow consistent and meaningful 

reporting. 

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is 

to identify our stakeholders and material aspects relevant 

to our business. The interests and requirements of key 

stakeholders are also taken into account when formulating 

corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, but 

are not limited to, our customers, suppliers, shareholders, 

employees, and regulators; and both formal and informal 

channels of communication are used to understand their 

needs. 

Last but not least, in order to strengthen the Group’s 

direction, a Sustainability Committee has been established 

to review and offer recommendations to the Board. Graphic 

representations of our methodology, stakeholders and 

organisational structure are included below.

OUR APPROACH 

TO SUSTAINABILITY

SUSTAINABILITY METHOLOGY

Plan and  

Scope

Collect 

Data

Engage  

Stakeholders

Assess  

Materiality

Report


7

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Key Stakeholder Groups

Engagement Platforms

Frequency of Engagement

Employees

Staff appraisals

annually

Meetings

weekly

Electronic mailing list

as and when there is news to announce

E-mails / Phone calls

weekly

Team events

annually

Group Policies

policies are in place, reviewed annually

Board of Directors

Board Meetings

quarterly

E-mails

quarterly

Board Papers

quarterly

Government agencies 

and regulators

Meetings

as and when necessary

E-mails / Phone calls

as and when necessary

Shareholders

Annual General Meetings 

annually

Extraordinary General Meetings

as and when necessary

Annual Reports

annually

Announcements &amp; Media releases

as and when there is news to announce

Company website

updated when new information is made available

Electronic mailing list

as and when there is news to announce

Customers, tenants and 

purchasers

Meetings 

as arranged

Email feedback

as and when received

Social media campaigns / Facebook page

as and when a campaign is run which is monthly,  

on average

Electronic mailing list

as and when a campaign is run which is monthly,  

on average

Company website

updated when new information is made available

Project launches

as and when a project is launched

Community

Public communications plan &amp; events

as and when there is news to announce or plans  

to share 

Collaborations with charitable 

organisations

monthly (please refer to section “Local Community”)

Company website

updated when new information is made available

Annual Reports

annually

Consultants, contractors 

and suppliers

Meetings

weekly

E-mails / Phone calls

weekly

Vendor assessments

evaluated upfront prior to appointment with ongoing 

assessments to ensure satisfactory performance 

Company website

updated when new information is available

Bankers

Meetings

as and when necessary

E-mails / Phone calls

as and when necessary


8

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



Board of Directors

Executive Committee

Sustainability 

Committee

Regulatory/ISO 

Compliance 

Property 

Development

Property 

Management  

SG

Finance, 

HR &amp; IT

Property 

Management  

NZ

Corporate 

Marketing

SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE


9

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment during the year with the help of an external consultant. We engaged our 

employees from different departments, seeking our internal stakeholders’ feedback for prioritisation of these factors. Going 

forward, a materiality review will be conducted every year, incorporating inputs gathered from stakeholder engagements. 

Applying the guidance from GRI, we have identified the following as our material aspects: 

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant aspects. Relevant aspects are then prioritised to identify 

material factors which are subject to validation. The end result of this process is a list of material factors disclosed in the 

Sustainability Report. This process is shown below:

Economic

Economic Performance

Anti-Corruption

Social

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

Local Communities

Customer Privacy

Socioeconomic Compliance

Customer Health and Safety

Environmental

Environmental Compliance

Governance

Corporate Governance

Enterprise Risk Management

Business Ethics

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

REVIEW

IDENTIFICATION

PRIORITISATION

VALIDATION


10

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

Faced with challenges due to market and technological 

changes, GYPP has transformed over the years, working 

to balance declining revenues from print directories 

against strategic investments to diversify our portfolio. In 

FY2018, 58% of our revenue was derived from property and 

property-related businesses. Overall, the Group performed 

well last year, turning a profit from continuing operations of 

S$3.4million. We believe that New Zealand represents an 

attractive and stable market with long-term growth potential 

and as such, have continued to explore opportunities 

for growth. For more information about our economic 

performance this year, please refer to the following sections 

in our Annual Report:

• Key Figures, pages 28 to 29;

• Financial Review, pages 30 to 31;

• Financial Statements, pages 66 to 144.

ANTI-CORRUPTION

According to the World Bank, Corruption is commonly 

defined as the abuse of public or corporate office for private 

gain. GYPP believes that upholding an ethos of transparency 

and compliance is critical and as such, does not tolerate 

corruption in any form; all forms of corruption are prohibited, 

including extortion and bribery. In FY2018, no reported 

incidents of corruption were reported and as a result, no 

employees have been dismissed due to non-compliance 

with anti-corruption policies and no fines, penalties or 

settlements have been awarded against GYPP in relation 

to any corruption or governance issue. GYPP targets to 

maintain zero incidents moving forward. 

WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY

To promote responsible and secure whistleblowing, 

a Whistleblowing Policy for the Group has been established 

to provide a mechanism for staff of GYPP to report 

malpractices in the workplace to the appropriate person 

and for the necessary follow-up action to be taken. This 

mechanism facilitates malpractices being reported and 

dealt with in a timely and appropriate manner and protects 

genuine whistleblowers from any unfair treatment as a result 

of their reports. 

At all times, we aim to conduct our business with the highest 

standards of integrity and honesty and we expect all staff to 

maintain the same standards in everything they do. Staff are 

therefore encouraged to report any wrongdoing.

GYPP recognises that staff who are aware of wrongdoing 

might be uncertain as to what they should do. As such, the 

aim of this policy is to ensure that staff are confident that 

they can raise any matters that cause them concern, with 

the knowledge that it would be taken seriously, be dealt with 

in the highest confidence, and be acted upon; while ensuring 

protection from possible reprisals and victimisation.

Our whistleblowing policy is made available on our intranet 

and sets out the principles and reporting procedures related 

to whistleblowing to ensure confidentiality and protection of 

affected staff. As set out in our group policy, all complaints 

shall be reported to their immediate supervisor or in other 

instances, to the CEO, CFO, Corporate Marketing Director or 

the Audit Committee. 

ECONOMIC


11

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

With rapid population growth, consumption and resource 

depletion causing increasing environmental stress, GYPP 

has identified areas where we can work on immediately to 

manage our footprint. 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

Our property portfolio today is predominantly made up 

of assets in New Zealand. New Zealand relies heavily on 

its natural environment and promotes the sustainable 

management of natural and physical resources via the 

Resource Management Act (RMA) 1991 that manages the 

use, development and protection of natural and physical 

resources in a way, or at a rate, which enables people and 

communities to provide for their social and cultural well-

being and for their health and safety while:

• Sustaining the potential of natural and physical resources 

(excluding minerals) to meet the reasonably foreseeable 

needs of future generations;

• Safeguarding the life-supporting capacity of air, water, soil 

and ecosystems; and

• Avoiding remedying, or mitigating any adverse effects on 

the environment.

The above is extracted from New Zealand’s Ministry for the 

Environment’s official website. GYPP takes diligent care in 

adhering to the RMA standards and when necessary, hiring 

experts to lead the work in doing so. 

Lizard Management

In March 2018, for instance, Ecology New Zealand Limited 

was commissioned to relocate protected native lizards 

found within the works footprint of the Bellfield Estate  

‘Stage 1’ development, in order to satisfy the Lizard 

Management Plan (LMP), submitted for ‘Condition 17’ of the 

approved resource consent for the project. The LMP Plan 

was required to achieve the following two objectives:

a) The population of each species of native lizard present 

on the site at which vegetation clearance is to occur shall 

be maintained or enhanced, either on the same site or at an 

appropriate site; and

b) The habitat(s) that lizards are transferred to (either on site 

or at an alternative site, as the case may be) will support 

viable native lizard populations for all species present pre-

development.

A total of 61 copper skinks (Oligosoma aeneum) were 

salvaged from the work’s footprint and relocated to Te 

Kōiwi Park with post-release monitoring for the next 

three summers. 

GYPP is pleased to report that in FY2018, there were no 

incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations 

resulting in fines or sanctions, and we target to maintain this 

track record moving forward.  

ENVIRONMENTAL




12

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

SEA: BAN ON SHARK PRODUCTS

According to non-governmental organisation Project AWARE, sharks play a crucial role in maintaining the health of 

marine ecosystems by keeping balance among prey species, and by removing sick, injured and diseased animals. 

Today, shark populations are being decimated by overfishing, with both targeted and incidental catches contributing 

to fishery decline. An estimated 100 million sharks are caught annually to supply the demand for cultural cuisines, 

traditions and practices. According to the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN), a quarter of the 

world’s sharks and rays, and one third of pelagic (open ocean) sharks and rays, are threatened with extinction. 

In December 2018, a group of researchers in Singapore found that 80 per cent of imported shark fin samples  

from various sources in Singapore contained 12 species of endangered or vulnerable sharks and rays. GYPP has in 

place a companywide ban that prohibits the procurement of shark fin and other shark products at both internal and 

hosted events.

LAND: WASTE MANAGEMENT 

Reviews of waste management practices at our Singapore and New Zealand operating assets were conducted this 

year to identify areas of improvement. We believe that commingling recyclables increases the risk of contamination 

and as such, we have implemented measures to increase recycling rates through sorting at source. 

The procurement of single-use plastic bottles for meetings and events has also been phased out in our effort to 

reduce the Group’s single-use plastic waste. Food containers have also been made available in-office to minimise 

waste generated from takeaway food. 






13

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

AIR: INTERNATIONAL TRAVEL

As a Singapore-listed company with projects in New Zealand, air travel between countries is needed for business 

operations. The aviation industry accounts for nearly 2 per cent of all human-generated CO2 emissions and as such, 

GYPP is committed to offsetting our international flight emissions. 

Carbon offset schemes allow the Company to invest in environmental projects to balance out our carbon footprint by 

calculating the emissions of each flight and ‘investing’ the same amount to reduce emissions elsewhere, thus making 

the flight ‘carbon neutral’. The Group compensates for carbon emissions through Climate+ projects awarded the Gold 

Standard, the highest achievable sign of excellence in CO2 compensation. For FY2018, 100% of our international 

flights were offset and we aim to achieve 100% in FY2019 as well. 

The Climate+ projects selected for FY18 involve clean water projects in Cambodia and Laos. 

Terraclear &amp; Hydrologic – Clean water access for families

These projects aim to provide locally-made water filters for the people of Laos, and ceramic water purifiers for the 

people of Cambodia, so that families can produce their own safe water everyday. 

Over 80 per cent of households in Laos must boil their water to make it safe to drink and while precautions are 

taken, contaminated water is still a leading cause of death for children under five. Similarly, untreated water and poor 

sanitation cause an estimated 10 million cases of diarrhea and 10,000 deaths each year. With filters providing clean 

water and removing the need to boil water, families require less wood and fossil fuels, reducing indoor air pollution 

and protecting vulnerable forests from deforestation. 

An average of 40,000 tonnes of CO2 equivalent greenhouse gases is saved annually through Terraclear’s project, 

and 525 hectares of forest degradation and 108,000 tonnes of fuelwood is saved per year in Cambodia through 

Hydrologic’s work.




14

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

SOCIAL

LOCAL COMMUNITY

Supporting our communities is something that we’re passionate about. Each year, we identify opportunities for us to give back 

through corporate donations, fundraising activities and gifts in kind, such as providing community organisations with office 

space and use of facilities. Below is a list of organisations that we’ve worked with this year: 

We aim to continue to add value and give back to our communities and we hope to work with like-minded organisations who 

value this contribution as well.

Community Organisation

Activity / Support

Amnesty International

Sponsorship drive – Signing up customers to be sponsors for their cause

Arthritis NZ

Fundraising collection – Collecting donations of money from customers

Assistance Dogs Trust

Fundraising collection – Collecting donations of money from customers

Barnados

Organisation Awareness Promotion – Promoting the services that Barnados play within  

the local Pakuranga Community

Blind Foundation NZ

Organisation Awareness / Fundraising Promotion

Breast Cancer Foundation

Pink Ribbon Appeal – Awareness / Collections

Cancer Society

Fundraising collection – Collecting donations of money from customers

CanTeen

Fundraising collection – Collecting donations of money from customers

Cystic Fibrosis

Organisation Awareness Promotion

Dementia Auckland

Fundraising collection – Collecting donations of money from customers

Family for Every Child

Sponsorship drive – Signing up customers to be sponsors for their cause

MILK (Mainly I Love Kids) Fund

Office space and use of facilities

Oxfam

Sponsorship drive – Signing up customers to be sponsors for their cause

Pakuranga College

Student Market – A school-based business studies activity where students make,  

market and sell their products to the general public.

Plunket

Office space and use of facilities  

SPCA  

Fundraising collection – Collecting donations of money from customers with a  

Christmas gift wrapping station.

The Fred Hollows Foundation

Fundraising collection – Collecting donations of money from customers

The Girl Guides

Fundraising collection – Collecting donations of money from customers

The Red Cross

Sponsorship drive – Signing up customers to be sponsors for their cause

The Salvation Army – Brass Band

Organisational Awareness Promotion

Totara Hospice

Fundraising collection – Collecting donations of money from customers

UNICEF

Sponsorship drive – Signing up customers to be sponsors for their cause

Youthline

Sponsorship drive – Signing up customers to be sponsors for their cause


15

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

DIVERSITY AND 

EQUAL OPPORTUNITY

GYPP maintains a policy of providing equal opportunities 

to all our employees, and the Group’s recruitment and 

performance assessments of employees are based on 

merit, work attitude, cooperation with other staff, as well 

as their efficiency and effectiveness of work. The Group 

believes in granting equal opportunities, regardless of race, 

age, gender, religion, ethnicity, physical impairments, sexual 

preference, political viewpoints or nationality. In FY2018, we 

had a total of 18 employees distributed as follows:

An equal ratio of male to female employees was noted and 

no incidents of discrimination have been reported during 

the period. GYPP targets to maintain zero incidents moving 

forward. 

To protect the privacy of our employees, the above data was 

collected through an anonymous questionnaire.

CUSTOMER PRIVACY

Cyber security and data privacy are important for safe-

guarding our data and that of our customers.  

With  businesses in property development, management 

and investment, GYPP works with a range of stakeholders 

and customers that involve shoppers at our retail centre, 

tenants in our leased spaces and property buyers of our 

development projects. GYPP protects data by preventing 

unnecessary exposure through limiting access by 

personnel, guarding against cyber risks for both our internal 

and external stakeholders and complying with the Personal 

Data Protection Act Policy. We are pleased to report zero 

complaints regarding the privacy of our customers and 

target to maintain this moving forward. Our email newsletters 

also allow for recipients to unsubscribe should they wish 

to do so.  

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE

Our management team is responsible for reviewing and 

monitoring the Group’s policies and practices and any 

material incidents of non-compliance are reported to the 

Board of Directors. We pride ourselves in having good 

corporate governance and observing compliance with 

all relevant local laws and regulations. As a listed entity, 

various regulatory bodies oversee our operations and 

the Group is committed to conducting our business with 

integrity to safeguard the interest of all our stakeholders, 

both internal and external. Our staff keep up-to-date on 

the latest regulations and we proactively engage with 

the various authorities and experts in the field as needed. 

We also practice regular checks and work with experienced 

and knowledgeable contractors to ensure works are 

compliant. By adhering to laws, regulations, guidelines and 

specifications relevant to our business, it ensures that we 

build a strong and ethical reputation, and that we attract 

strong partners and employees to work with and grow. 

We  are pleased to report that there were no incidents of 

non-compliance in FY2018.

CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY 

Health and safety are of utmost importance at both our 

Singapore and New Zealand operating assets and we have 

established customer health and safety policies in place. In 

Auckland, the following exercises are conducted regularly: 6 

monthly fire evacuation trials per NZ legislation; quarterly slip 

testing of all common mall area floors; daily centre walks to 

check for any health and safety issues that require attention; 

monthly health and safety committee walks to identify any 

health and safety issues; as well as annual Building Warrant of 

Fitness – overseen by a contract company for all regulatory 

certifications. In the event of a cardiac arrest, a defibrillator 

is located in the office which is serviced regularly and all staff 

and on-site contract staff are workplace first aid trained. 

We identify and appoint contractors with strong records to 

carry out any necessary work and apply for the necessary 

licenses and certifications; and we are pleased to record zero 

incidents of non-compliance with regulations concerning 

our customer’s health and safety in FY2018. 

AGE 

(Years)

&lt; 30 11%

30-50 55.56%

&gt;50 33.33%

NATIONALITY

Singaporean 44.44%

New Zealander 44.44%

Others 11.11%

GENDER

Male 50%

Female 50%


16

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

GYPP believes that good corporate governance begins with 

our own internal practices and policies, and the Board and 

Management of GYPP are committed to maintaining best 

practices in corporate governance to ensure sustainability 

of the Group’s operations. We believe that ensuring integrity 

and commitment at all levels and establishing a transparent, 

accountable and equitable system increases the value of 

the Company and its value to our shareholders. For more 

details about our Board and their diverse expertise, please 

refer to pages 32 to 35 of our Annual Report. Details of the 

Group’s Corporate Governance Report can be found on 

pages 42 to 54.

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT 

The Board has overall responsibility to ensure proper  

financial reporting for the Group and effectiveness 

of the Group’s system of internal controls, including 

financial, operational, compliance and IT controls, as well 

as risk management policies and systems. The Audit 

Committee assists the Board in providing oversight of risk  

management in the Company and is responsible for 

reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s 

risk management systems and internal controls, including 

financial, operational, compliance and IT controls; as well  

as reporting to the Board its observations on any matters 

under its purview including risk management, internal 

controls or financial and management matters as it 

considers necessary, and makes recommendations to the 

Board as it thinks fit.

The Company has in place an Enterprise Risk Management 

Framework. The implementation and maintenance of the 

Company’s risk management framework is undertaken 

by the senior management team, which reports to the 

Audit Committee and provides updates on the risk 

management activities of the Company’s businesses and 

the Enterprise Risk Management implementation progress 

in the Company. Significant  risks identified are assessed,  

managed and monitored within the Company’s risk 

management framework. These risks are also reviewed 

and refreshed to ensure relevant emerging risks are being 

considered and included for proper assessment, monitoring 

and reporting as appropriate.

The Group continually reviews and improves its business and 

operational activities to identify areas of significant business 

risk, as well as takes appropriate measures to control and 

mitigate these risks. These include the implementation of 

safety, security and internal control measures and taking 

up appropriate insurance coverage. The Group’s financial 

risk management programme seeks to minimise potential 

adverse effects of the unpredictability of financial markets 

on the Group’s financial performance.

BUSINESS ETHICS

All of our staff are reminded of the importance of upholding 

the highest standards when it comes to business ethics 

and the Group updates staff with relevant development in 

international and local regulations where applicable. In line 

with best practices, GYPP requires employees involved in a 

conflict of interest situation or in one which could potentially 

lead to a conflict of interest, to report the matter to the 

Company. Blackout trading periods of GYPP shares are 

also observed before results announcements. In FY2018, 

there were no reported incidents of corruption, fines or 

non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws 

and regulations. 

GOVERNANCE




17

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Reference/Description

GRI 101: Foundation 2016

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

GRI 102: General Disclosures

102-1

Name of organisation

GYP Properties Limited

102-2

Activities, brands, products and services

Page 4

102-3

Location of headquarters

Singapore

102-4

Location of operations

Singapore, New Zealand

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Annual Report page 109

102-6

Markets served

Singapore, New Zealand

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Page 15

102-8

Information on employees and  

other workers

Page 15

102-9

Supply chain

Not applicable

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation  

and its supply chain

Not applicable

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

GYPP supports the intent of the 

Precautionary Principle, but has not 

expressed a specific commitment 

102-12

External initiatives

Page 14

102-13

Membership of associations

Singapore Business Federation

102-14

Statement from senior decision maker

Page 5

102-16

Values, principles, standards and norms  

of behaviour

Pages 15 to 16

102-18

Governance structure

Page 16

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Page 7

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

None

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Page 6

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Page 7

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

To be reported in FY2019 report

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements

AR page 109

102-46

Defining report content and  

topic boundaries

Page 5

102-47

List of material topics

Page 9

102-48

Restatement of information

Not applicable

102-49

Changes in reporting

Not applicable

102-50

Reporting period

1 July 2017 to 30 June 2018

102-51

Date of most recent previous report

Not applicable

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annually

102-53

Contact point for questions about  

the report

Page 5

102-54

Claims if reporting in accordance with  

the GRI Standards

Page 5

102-55

GRI content index

Pages 17 to 18

102-56

External assurance

We may seek external assurance in  

the future

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX


18

GYP PROPERTIES LIMITED | 2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

MATERIAL TOPICS

GRI 201: Economic 

performance

201-1

Direct economic value generated  

and distributed

Page 10

GRI 205: Anti-corruption

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related  

to corruption

Page 10

GRI 307: Environmental 

compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations

Page 11

GRI 405: Diversity and equal 

opportunity

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies  

and employees

Page 15

GRI 413: Local communities

413-1

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, and 

development programs

Page 14

GRI 416: Customer health  

and safety

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

the health and safety impacts of products 

and services

Page 15

GRI 418: Customer privacy

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning 

breaches of customer privacy and losses of 

customer data

Page 15

GRI 419: Socioeconomic 

compliance

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations 

in the social and economic area

Page 15



