





Our vision is to be the leader in the natural rubber industry in meeting the United Nation’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and 

we outline our efforts and achievements in this report working towards this vision. We also detail developments and initiatives moving 

into 2020 and beyond.

The report also contains our Environmental Social and Governance (ESG) material factors approved by the Board and describes 

our commitment to investing in technology and innovation in our continued quest to fulfil our sustainability vision of measuring our 

performance across the three pillars of People, Planet and Profit. 

Please contact us at investor@halcyonagri.com for any questions or feedback. 

Book 1

Disrupt to Sustain: Our business fundamentals

Book 2

People and Planet: Our pillars of sustainability

Book 3

Profit: Our corporate governance and 2019 financial statements

This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option, 

as well as with the Singapore Exchange’s (SGX) Sustainability Reporting Guide.

This report covers the financial year of 2019 (1st January to 31st December)

ABOUT

THE REPORT

HALCYON AGRI - 2019 CORPORATE REPORT

06

05

01

CHAIRMAN’S WELCOME MESSAGE

HALCYON AT A GLANCE

THE BOTTOM LINE 

Financial Highlights 

Risk Management 

LEADERSHIP TEAM

Board of Directors

Senior Management 

PARTING WORDS 

07

02

03

04

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S REVIEW 

Message to Shareholders

Rubber Market Notes for 2019

2019 YEAR IN REVIEW 

Our Global Footprint 

Your Source of Mobility 

Where does our Rubber Go

Digital Disruption 

Halcyon Rubber Company Group

Corrie MacColl Group 

HeveaPRO Case Study 

3

4

5

9

12

15

17

19

20

21

24

26

31

32

37

38

CONTENT

BOOK 1

2

HALCYON AGRI - 2019 CORPORATE REPORT

1

[aggregate] [innovate] [sustain]


LIU

HONG

SHENG

CHAIRMAN

Dear Shareholders,

Welcome to the 2019 Annual Report of Halcyon Agri Corporation Limited. Our theme this year is [aggregate], [innovate] and [sustain]. 

In selecting this narrative, we would like to showcase the journey that lies behind us, the present day challenges we face and the 

possible solutions that we are working on.

Looking beyond our sector, there are many new and exciting business models that have successfully created value for customers and 

producers alike. Our objective is the same: by leveraging our world-class asset base and our global reach, we aim to bring technology 

into the natural rubber sector with the aim to enhance sustainability. We all need better outcomes: Farmers require reasonable and 

less volatile prices, processors require incentives to modernise their factories, and consumers need product innovation and enhanced 

supply chain transparency. Modern technology holds the key to a multilateral solution, and Halcyon Agri is uniquely positioned to 

develop feasible solutions and drive their adoption in the sector.

My greetings and appreciation go to our workers and staff, to our customers and suppliers, to our bankers and investors. We are 

united in our support for Halcyon Agri. I hope you enjoy this year’s report.

Liu Hongsheng

Chairman of the Board of Directors

各位股东：

欢迎您阅读合盛2019年度报告。我们今年的主题是[整合]、[创新]和[可持续]。在选择这一描述时，我们想展

示我们过往的旅程、目前面临的挑战以及正在努力中的可行方案。

纵观我们的行业之外，有许多激动人心的新商业模式已经成功地为客户和生产商创造了价值。我们的目标

是相同的：通过利用我们世界一流的资产基础和我们的全球影响力，旨在将技术引入天然橡胶行业，以增强

其可持续性。我们都需要实现更高的目标：胶农需要合理、更加稳定的收入，加工商需要激励来实现工厂现

代化，消费者需要产品创新和增强的供应链透明度。现代技术是多边解决方案的关键，而合盛公司在制定可

行的解决方案和推动其在行业内的实施方面具有独特的优势地位。

我向我们的各位员工、业务伙伴、银行以及投资者们致以问候和感谢！我们团结一致的支持合盛公司！希望

您能够欣赏今年的年报。

刘红生

合盛农业集团公司董事长

CHAIRMAN’S

WELCOME MESSAGE

16,000+

Respected Employees

Headquartered in Singapore, we 

have sales offices, warehouses, 

terminals, laboratories, factories, 

plantations and a wide distribution 

network across the world

100+

LOCATIONS

38

Production Facilities

1.3 Million mT

Sales Volume

1.6 Million mT

Production Capacity

All figures above based on Halcyon Agri’s analysis of sales and customer information and IRSG data

Market Share of Natural 

Rubber Supplied to 

Worldwide Tyre Production

11%

Standard Indonesian 

Rubber Market Share

(Indonesia supplies 21% of the 

world’s natural rubber)

16%

Globel Natural Rubber and 

Latex Market Share

9%

HALCYON AT

A GLANCE

4

3

HALCYON AGRI - 2019 CORPORATE REPORT

[aggregate] [innovate] [sustain]


Dear Shareholders,

Building a natural rubber business requires a long-term view 

and steadfast financial commitment. Our original supply is 

field latex, harvested from rubber trees, and the final use is a 

rubber product, be it a tyre, a glove, or a chew toy for your dog.

In between these end-points lies the lifecycle of natural rubber. 

Halcyon Agri has developed an integrated supply chain that 

covers all critical links: plantations, processing, warehouses, 

latex tanks and testing laboratories. 

Our mission, however, is not simply to aggregate. Halcyon 

Agri has evolved from building a world-class asset base, 

to disrupting the way natural rubber is graded and priced. 

Technically Specified Rubber (“TSR”) is a concept that is 

outdated - in today’s world, the quality of natural rubber is not 

exhaustively defined along six parameters. Our customers 

know this, and so do we. Besides much more granular technical 

parameters, producers of natural rubber must adhere to a 

broader responsibility framework: the basic principle must be 

to “do no harm”, and to sustain the individuals, the societies 

and the ecosystems that produce this quintessential ingredient 

to modern life.

“The basic principle must be to “do no 

harm”, and to sustain the individuals, 

the societies and the ecosystems that 

produce this quintessential ingredient to 

modern life.”

“责任框架：基本原则必须是“不侵害”，并

让参与生产这现代生活必需品的个人以及

相关社区和生态系统得以持续发展。”

In this report, I would like to review three important topics: 

our asset base, our strategy to disrupt and innovate, and the 

geopolitical relevance of the sector as a whole.

Part I: Our business model and the underlying asset base

In the 12 months ended 31st December 2019, Halcyon Agri’s 

operating businesses sold 1,279,201 metric tonnes (“mT”), and 

generated revenues of US$1.9 billion, Earnings before Interest, 

Tax, Depreciation and Amortisation (“EBITDA”) of US$71.7 

million, Operating Profits of US$38.3 million and a Net Loss 

attributable to the owners of the Company of US$1.6 million.

Halcyon Agri consists of two main operating businesses, 

Halcyon Rubber Company Pte Ltd (“HRC”) and Corrie MacColl 

Limited (“CMC”), as well as a nascent Digital Suite of rubber-

related investments and projects. 

HRC houses our supply chain for tyre applications. This division 

operates five geographical manufacturing platforms that 

operate 36 factories: 19 in Indonesia, five in Thailand, two in 

Malaysia, two in Ivory Coast and eight in China. In 2019, HRC 

supplied the global tyre industry with 946,067 mT of natural 

rubber, which equates to a global market share of around 10%. 

The business model here is to purchase raw material from 

smallholder farmers, process it to HeveaPRO standard, and 

then merchandise it to the global tyre industry. To turn a profit, 

this midstream business must generate sufficient processing 

margin in between smallholder raw material purchase plus 

processing costs and associated overheads, and the finished 

product.

HRC produced EBITDA of US$36.5 million, after adjusting for 

one-off items, and required US$20.1 million in interest costs to 

do so. A critical measure in analysing this business is the sum 

of these two factors, which I refer to as ‘core operating profit’, 

which stood at US$16.4 million for 2019. Working backwards, 

HRC generated US$17 per mT in core operating profit.

CMC caters to the global non-tyre and speciality-tyre market 

segments and operates a wide storefront covering in-house 

plantation rubber and concentrated latex as well as third party 

natural and synthetic rubber, again in both dry and liquid forms. 

CMC consists of two units: CMC plantations (“CMCP”), which 

owns our vast plantation holdings in Cameroon (HeveCam and 

Sudcam) and Malaysia (JFL), and CMC International (“CMCI”), 

the origination and fulfilment platform.

CMCI typically carries the product all the way to the customers, 

providing a full suite of logistics and technical services. The 

business model is to buy-and-sell third party products with 

a profit, thus supporting the financial cost of developing our 

plantation assets. Once these are mature, our plantations 

will provide meaningful volumes of product in replacement of 

third party supplies, and will take the lead in profit generation 

for CMC.

CMCI sold 358,951 mT in 2019 and generated EBITDA of US$12.1 

million. Net of allocated interest costs of US$2.8 million, CMCI 

generated a core operating profit of US$9.3 million.

CMCP produced 19,597 mT in FY2019, 40% of which was 

harvested as concentrated latex, and generated US$12.5 million 

in revenues. The current maturity profile of our plantations is 

still unfavourable. We harvest circa 13,500 hectares, mainly in 

HeveCam, out of a total planted area of circa 37,500 hectares 

globally. The necessary plantation infrastructure at JFL and 

SudCam has been almost fully developed, including a state-

of-the-art factory at SudCam, whereas neither estate has 

commenced production to a meaningful degree. In 2019, due 

to the circumstances outlined above, CMCP produced a core 

operating loss of US$16.0 million, on an adjusted basis.

It is important to note that our basis of valuation for CMCP’s 

plantation assets has changed in 2019. Up until last year, we 

had to apply two diverging accounting treatments for our 

plantations in Malaysia and Cameroon. Due to the diverging 

nature of the latex timber markets in these two countries, the 

accounting standards deemed the former a “Biological Asset”, 

the latter a “Bearer Plant”. While terms do not sound terribly 

different, the implications are substantial: a Bearer Plant is 

valued at Historical Cost less Accumulated Depreciation and 

Accumulated Impairment, while a Biological Asset is carried 

at Fair Value less Cost to Sell, which is to be measured by an 

external valuer every year. In 2019, CMCP developed a business 

plan to merchandise the harvested timber from our old trees 

at HeveCam into sawn timber for the furniture and building 

materials industries. This benefits us in two ways: Firstly, the 

revenues of such timber are much higher than chipping the wood 

for biomass energy. Secondly, we are now able to harmonise the 

accounting treatment for our global plantation holdings under 

the common Biological Asset valuation framework. The net 

impact of this change for 2019 is an increase in carrying value 

for our Cameroonian plantations of US$53.3 million, which has 

been booked in our fourth-quarter income statement.

“The financial performance of an 

established plantation business is 

compelling, and there is no better time 

to grow into increased output from 

maturing trees than at the bottom of the 

price cycle.”

“天然橡胶种植园成熟后的财务业绩将令

人瞩目。橡胶价格现处于周期底部情况下是

提升未来产量最合适的时机。”

Going forward, the economics of CMC will change. As the 

planted areas come on-stream, the output of CMCP will grow 

from current levels to 46,000 mT in 2025 and will plateau at 

65,000 mT per annum from 2036 onwards. Once we past the 

cash flow breakeven point in 2021, the annual increase in 

output will drive down the unit costs of production. CMCP is 

a fixed cost producer of natural rubber and latex, and as the 

unit costs decrease, our profits per tonne increase. Factor in a 

cyclical recovery of rubber prices and the upside profit potential 

is virtually unlimited.

The following graphs show the development in EBITDA at 

a blended price level of US$1,700, US$1,900, US$2,300 and 

US$3,000 per mT, as compared to 2019’s achieved sales price of 

circa US$1,500 per mT. As you can see, the financial performance 

of an established plantation business is compelling, and there 

is no better time to grow into increased output from maturing 

trees than at the bottom of the price cycle.  

The natural rubber industry is more than 100 years old, and its 

market place has not adapted to modern circumstances. The 

pricing for this product is determined on futures markets in 

China, Tokyo and Singapore, which increasingly represent the 

views of macro and quant traders, and much less the domain-

specific knowledge of informed natural rubber market sellers 

and buyers. 

At the time of writing, global markets are subject to extreme 

pressures, brought about by the fear about the Covid-19 virus 

pandemic. Global financial and commodities markets have 

become excessively volatile, with daily movements of 5% or 

more. Natural rubber markets have long faced the same issue: 

algorithms dominate, and trading frequency has accelerated 

beyond the human capacity to make rational decisions.

In natural rubber, this is particularly damaging, for two reasons: 

1. 

There is no substitute for natural rubber; it is the non-

substitutable natural ingredient in every tyre.

2. 

We rely on smallholder farmers to produce it, and their 

cost of production reflects their cost of living, of survival. 

They do not act rationally according to the definition of 

Adam Smith: a subsistence farmer tends to produce more 

when prices are low, and less when prices are high: his 

daily income is price multiplied by volume. Low price, and 

he needs to produce more; high price and he can afford 

to work a little less. At current rubber futures market 

levels, smallholders cannot afford to continue producing, 

they are at risk. As they abandon this crop in search of 

something else to plant or do, the supply of rubber is in 

peril. Rubberwood has a substantial market value, and a 

tree, once cut down, takes seven years to be replaced. 

60,000

50,000

40,000

30,000

20,000

10,000

-

Yield 

(mT)

Yield vs  profitability illustration over time

EBITDA

(US$’000)

120,000

100,000

80,000

40,000

20,000

-

(20,000)

Yield

EBITDA @ US$3000

EBITDA @ US$1900

EBITDA @ US$2300

EBITDA @ US$1700

3,200

3,000

2,800

2,600

2,400

2,200

2,000

1,800

1,600

1,400

1,200

Plantation cost profile over time

FY20

FY26

FY22

FY28

FY24

FY30

FY21

FY27

FY23

FY29

FY25







Immature

Mature

Price (US$3000)

Price (US$2300)

Price (US$1900)

Price (US$1700)

All-in cash 

operating cost 

per mT

US$ 

per mT

Note: The data set out above are for illustration purposes only. It is 

important to note that the above analysis is based on historical numbers, 

and is not necessarily representative of future financial performance.

HALCYON AGRI - 2019 CORPORATE REPORT

CHIEF EXECUTIVE

OFFICER’S REVIEW

6

HALCYON AGRI - 2019 CORPORATE REPORT

5

[aggregate] [innovate] [sustain]


 

v

Underlying these fundamental problems are bigger picture 

issues, which have now brought non-governmental agencies 

into our world. Externalities remain unpriced in the smallholder 

model, as farmers technically do not pay for the land, and turn to 

their governments in times of trouble. This leads to uncontrolled 

deforestation when prices are high and to social distress when 

they are low. 

Halcyon Agri is a pioneer in looking for solutions to these 

issues. To this end, we have formulated our Digital Suite, which 

consists of three main pillars:

HeveaConnect (“HC”)

A digital marketplace for natural rubber, which allows for 

bilateral negotiations and trades between producers and 

consumers for perfectly specified physical rubber. A joint 

venture between Halcyon Agri, DBS Bank Ltd and ITOCHU 

Corporation, HeveaConnect was successfully launched 

in 2019 and has clocked trades worth more than US$150 

million to date. 

“HeveaConnect天然橡胶电子交易市场

能让天然橡胶生产商和消费者就指定标准

的天然橡胶产品直接进行双边谈判和实物

交易。”

Halcyon Data Centre (“HDC”)

Halcyon has engaged Siemens of Germany, a leading player 

in the Industry 4.0 realm, to develop a cloud-based data 

tool for TSR factories. Currently, on trial in Palembang, 

the HDC solution enables the streamlining of operations, 

optimisation of production efficiency, and represents a great 

leap forward towards production transparency and data 

transmission along the supply chain. The HDC system will 

be rolled out across our Indonesian processing factories in 

the course of 2020 and 2021.

HalcyonCoin

There are two plausible applications of distributed-ledger-

technology (“DLT”) in the natural rubber business: monetising 

inventory, thus making it available to a broader investor 

universe, and capturing supply chain data, such as carbon 

sequestration or improvements in energy or effluent data. 

Both cases serve as a way to mobilise additional funding 

and capture incremental value for the up- and midstream of 

the natural rubber industry. Halcyon Agri is developing the 

HalcyonCoin concept with leading players in the Fintech 

space and I am excited about the opportunities that lie 

ahead.

These digital tools will work together: HC will help to discover 

price premiums for rubber that meets increasingly higher 

sustainability criteria, HDC will help factories to continuously 

drive efficiency and improve their carbon footprint and 

HalcyonCoin will offer incremental value and liquidity to 

responsible producers and farmers. 

Part III: The Belt and Road Initiative and geopolitical 

considerations

“中国推进“一带一路”倡议的过程中，战略

性的串联了原材料的重要原产地及其新兴

消费市场。”

In last years’ message to shareholders, I laid out my views 

regarding the increasingly competitive relationship between the 

United States and China. While Phase One of the “Trade Deal” 

has since been signed, the developing Covid-19 crisis has not 

just caused a slowdown in globalisation but has brought it to a 

complete standstill. Social isolation, increased border security 

and an outright travel ban do not make for improving global 

relationships. The superpower blame game is just starting, and 

the United States and Germany are heading for presidential 

and parliamentary elections respectively, later this year. Never 

before has the world faced a crisis of this complexity: the 

Covid-19 attack is simultaneously challenging established 

social and behavioural norms, political systems and global 

financial markets. Personally, I fear that we might be witnessing 

the birth of a New World Order.

Let us not forget, however, that natural rubber is essential to 

the way we live. In a post Covid-19 world of social distancing, 

mass-rapid transport systems and other shared economy 

assets (vehicles, real estate and offices) represent a risk of 

contagion, and individual modes of transport might be a safer 

way to travel. 

In a 2015 presentation, Bill Gates, the founder of Microsoft, 

warned of the dangers of a viral attack and compared threat 

levels of pathogens to those of missiles. His assessment at 

the time proved to be eerily prescient as to the events that are 

unfolding today. In responding to a viral threat, his suggestion is 

to mobilise the military capabilities of the major global powers, 

as they possess the most efficient logistical capabilities.

Be it trade-war, germ-war, or a combination of both: global 

supply chains need to be reassessed and probably rebuilt. The 

concept of Strategic Materials and Buffer Stocks will partially 

replace the notion of Just-in-Time global supplies. 

In their pursuit of the Belt and Road Initiative (“BRI”), China is 

connecting critical origins of raw materials as well as emerging 

consumer markets in a strategic way. Being a BRI member 

country is the new version of being a “Most Favoured Nation” 

under the auspices of the World Trade Organisation. Connect, 

but keep separate; provide access, without systematically 

having to merge. 

The natural rubber business has always been Chinese. The 

earliest Singapore-based rubber baron, Mr Tan Kah Kee, 

donated the bulk of his fortune to his erstwhile homeland, and 

most successful players in the natural rubber industry have 

maintained very close links to the Mainland. The Japanese 

invasion of Malaya in 1941 is manifest to their strategic 

ambition to safeguard access to important raw materials, 

ROBERT

MEYER

including natural rubber. In 1950, the Korean peninsula suffered 

a continuation of war atrocities, effectively playing host to a 

proxy fight between competing superpowers for access to 

raw materials.

Tyres need natural rubber, and the world needs tyres. Military 

and strategic competition is bound to intensify, and China has 

a historical advantage in most origins of natural rubber. Over 

the last 20 years, mainland Chinese entities have successfully 

established majority ownership of many rubber companies, 

including Halcyon Agri, and have funded our industry through 

difficult times.

It is unlikely that any other nation can usurp China’s dominant 

position in the natural rubber market, but I do see a chance 

that the digital dimension holds the key to a functioning global 

rubber market, with due consideration of the ongoing viability 

of smallholder farmers, future-proof ecological agendas and 

balanced geopolitical interests. 

In closing, I would like to extend my sincere appreciation to 

our many stakeholders, both internal and external. A special 

mention goes to the NGO community, and to the people of 

Cameroon, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, China and Ivory 

Coast. You allow us to operate plantations and factories in your 

countries, you provide us with human and ecological resources, 

in order to deliver on our mission to develop a truly sustainable 

natural rubber industry. 

I would also like to reiterate that Halcyon supports the 

United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UNSDGs) in 

creating a lasting positive impact on society. As a signatory 

of the UN Global Compact (UNGC), we remain committed to 

upholding UNGC’s universal principles on human rights, labour, 

environment and anti-corruption for all our stakeholders.

CEO

CHIEF EXECUTIVE

OFFICER’S REVIEW

8

HALCYON AGRI - 2019 CORPORATE REPORT

7

[aggregate] [innovate] [sustain]


Rubber Market Notes for 2019

2019 saw further consolidation in the natural rubber market. 

In Thailand, some of the larger processors cut back output 

volumes in the face of a temporary market dislocation driven 

by a since-bankrupted Chinese trader. In Indonesia, several old 

and outdated factories closed down for good due to lack of raw 

materials and difficulties in selling their product. In aggregate, 

global rubber production is currently estimated to have fallen 

by 250,000 mT, or slightly more than 1.5%.

Global demand for natural rubber is estimated to have remained 

constant in 2019, suggesting a reduction in global inventories 

of circa 100,000 mT. 

Unsurprisingly, natural rubber prices, referenced by the 1st 

position of the SICOM TSR20 contract, appreciated by circa 

US$200/ mT to close the year at US$1450/ mT, an increase of 

15%. This price increase took place amidst unfriendly macro 

conditions: the global automobile industry is in disarray, 

annual auto sales estimated to have contracted by 3%, which 

would mark the industry’s worst performance since the Global 

Financial Crisis. The Trade War took its toll on global flows and 

sentiment, as did Brexit and the increasingly uncertain outlook 

on the German economy. 

Supply

All traditional rubber-growing areas currently face adverse 

conditions, to varying degrees. Indonesia has to deal with 

diseases that have affected many of its old trees, especially 

in Sumatra, Malaysia has labour issues and Thailand has to 

contend with disease in the South, drought in the North and 

provenance issues in the North East. Farmers have responded 

to the low price levels of the past four years by not replanting, 

and there has been very little new planting since 2013.

Non-traditional origins also have their lot to bear: not only are 

they off-limits to many Western consumers due to deforestation 

and land-grabbing allegations, but Vietnam, Cambodia and 

Laos all face unusually dry conditions due in part to the Indian 

Ocean Dipole and in part due to hydro-dam projects in China 

and Laos. Africa and South America, on the other hand, seem 

to be unaffected by disease, weather or provenance, but they 

account for less than 5% of global supply.

Demand

The global vehicle parc currently stands at 1.3 billion vehicles1 , 

and has been growing at circa 4% annually. Recent estimates 

suggest that total vehicle production in 2019 was 92 million 

units, which suggests that 40 million vehicles were scrapped 

in 2019, or 3.2% of global vehicle parc. 

Assuming that the average vehicle has five tyres (which 

represents a blend of passenger cars, light and heavy trucks 

and off-the-road vehicles), the automobile industry currently 

accounts for 500 million new tyres annually. The average tyre 

contains 3kg2  of natural rubber, which suggests that the tyres 

for the automobile industry represent 1.5 million mT in annual 

demand, which is 15% of 9.9 million mT that the global tyre 

industry is reported to have consumed in 20193 . The conclusion 

is that the remaining 85% of demand is the replacement tyre 

business. 

Working backwards, this shows that each existing vehicle 

represents 7kg of annual demand for natural rubber, suggesting 

that, on average, 4.5 tyres are replaced every two years. This 

may sound excessive for passenger cars driven in Singapore, 

but makes plausible sense when considering busses, trucks 

and taxis – and a global context of many more bad roads than 

good ones!

There are several key insights here:

1. 

Existing vehicles account for 85% of the annual tyre-

industry demand for natural rubber, which makes “miles 

driven” rather than new car sales, the most important 

driver of natural rubber demand.

2. 

The global vehicle parc is currently growing at a CAGR 

of 4%, which means that by 2022, the replacement-tyre 

demand for natural rubber would have gone up by a 

staggering 1 million metric tonne. 

While the growth rate may slow down in the current 

macroeconomic and geopolitical context, the trend towards 

electrification is likely to enhance the demand for natural rubber. 

The growth in absolute number of vehicles may slow down, but 

incentives will drive vehicle scrap rates and their replacement 

with electric vehicle’s. Each vehicle uses 20kg in its year of 

manufacture, and only 7kg for each year thereafter.

If global demand for natural rubber stagnated in 2019, then 

this is because tyre makers and traders reduced inventories. 

Reported stockpiles in China are down and the Thai government 

has all but disposed of its strategic stockpile. Latest filings 

by listed tyre makers show an increase in finished goods 

inventories (due to the slowdown in OEM sales) and a decrease 

in raw material stocks as well, the latter probably caused by 

the former.

1Based on latest available data from International Organisation of Motor Vehicle 

Manufacturers

2Based on surveys by BOUNCE

3Reported by International Rubber Study Group

RUBBER

NOTES



10

9

[aggregate] [innovate] [sustain]

HALCYON AGRI - 2019 CORPORATE REPORT




Investing in Sustainable Growth for an Equitable Supply Chain

In our first Annual Report published in 2013, we outlined our 

vision to be the leading global natural rubber producer on all 

fronts: quality of production, sustainability and profitability. We 

were also at the time keenly aware that the rubber market was 

well known for its price volatility which did not factor in the 

true value of rubber – a non-substitutable key ingredient for 

the world’s mobility needs – and that the historical measure of 

determining its price was unsustainable and would not result 

in an equitable supply chain.

Initially operating in the midstream of the global supply 

chain with just two factories in Indonesia, we started seeking 

investment opportunities in the upstream and downstream to 

bolster our existing distribution network and to ensure that our 

factories had stable access to high-quality raw material. 

2014 and 2015 then saw us grow via a series of acquisitions 

to become a global supply chain business with three core 

operations: originate, produce and distribute. 

In 2016, we took a significant step by purchasing Sinochem’s 

natural rubber assets: factories in China together with 

plantations in West Africa, the world’s largest functioning  

rubber plantation. The year 2018 saw us cementing our position 

as the world’s leading latex and specialised rubber distributor 

with the acquisition of some of the world’s oldest rubber trading 

names, as we expanded our distribution channels in Europe and 

USA for the latex business. 

While integrating our acquired assets, we have significantly 

invested in the sustainability of our plantations and put in place 

measures to balance economic development with ecological 

preservation. We have also introduced schemes to ensure 

that we work alongside the local communities living in and 

around our plantations to give them opportunities for education, 

empowerment and socio-economic development. 

2019 also saw us pushing ahead with technical and digital 

innovations across our supply chain from source to destination, 

to optimise margins and seek new avenues of growth. We intend 

to continue our efforts in cutting-edge digital technologies 

along our value chain into 2020 and beyond.

With all the pieces in place, we are now in a unique position with 

a non-substitutable product and full range of assets across the 

supply chain to positively change the natural rubber industry.  

We believe that all smallholders should be enabled to form co-

operatives in order to independently organise enough capital 

to rejuvenate their biological assets in line with the modern 

understanding of sustainability.  

Ultimately, the rubber tree is a carbon sequester and provider 

of sustainable income (provided we can settle on an equitable 

pricing model). It offers the world a unique product that goes 

into a wide array of goods from household to medical products 

to tyres, and where there is no substitute.

But we cannot do this alone – in order to drive this change, global 

players must understand the need to introduce sustainability 

into the natural rubber industry and worldwide effort is required 

to raise the large amounts of capital needed.

Our Trade Flows

Our scale, global diversification and trade flows are unrivalled. 

Halcyon sends 1.2 million mT of natural rubber (dry rubber 

and latex) originating in 13 countries to destinations across 

every continent. 

Our natural rubber products are an essential and irreplaceable 

part of:

- Tyres

- Consumer goods: adhesives, beddings, balloons, condoms, 

and medical supplies

- Manufacturing essentials: compounder, vibration control, 

conveyor belt, sealants, flooring

- Infrastructure products: bitumen, bridge components 

Halcyon’s Footprint Along the Belt and Road Initiative

The Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) envisages heavy investment in 

infrastructure and commerce along historical land and maritime 

silk routes. Projects under the BRI include transportation, 

energy, urbanisation and telecommunications, and natural 

rubber is an essential component of all these. 

 

Approximately 46% of Halcyon’s rubber sales by volume serve 

the regions covered by the BRI. The 126 BRI countries closely 

match our trade flows and the locations of our assets and 

offices as well as the locations of our customers. A recent 

study by the World Bank also notes that the improvements in 

supply chain efficiency brought about by the BRI would lead to 

long-term benefits for the rubber industry. 

Automotive

Manufacturing

Consumer goods

Infrastructure

2019 YEAR IN

REVIEW

82%

8%

3%

7%



SINGAPORE

MALAYSIA

 KEDAH /IPOH/ KELANTAN

THAILAND

CHINA

SHANGHAI

CHINA

HAINAN/ YUNNAN

CAMEROON

IVORY COAST

UNITED KINGDOM

LONDON

GERMANY

ESCHBORN/ HAMBURG

TURKEY

NETHERLANDS

ZAANDAM/ TERNEUZEN

USA

OHIO/ VIRGINIA

VIETNAM

Distribution

Factories

Plantation

Lab Testing

Representative office

Sales

Tank Terminal

HQ

Warehouse

CAMEROON

32,000ha

IVORY COAST

1,400ha

INDONESIA

826,000mT

THAILAND

275,000mT

CAMEROON

55,000mT

CHINA

160,000mT

MALAYSIA

220,000mT

IVORY COAST

56,000mT

MALAYSIA

4,300ha

Export Region for Natural Rubber

Thailand

Indonesia

Malaysia

Cameroon

Ivory Coast

INDONESIA

KALIMANTAN/ PALEMBANG  

BELAWAN &amp; BINTAN/ JAMBI

OUR GLOBAL 

FOOTPRINT 

Planted

Factory Capacity

HALCYON AGRI - 2019 CORPORATE REPORT

11

[aggregate] [innovate] [sustain]

12




Halcyon Rubber Company Group (“HRC”) 

Indonesia

Accumulated over a series of acquisitions and minority buy-

outs, we own and operate 19 TSR factories with a combined 

installed capacity of 826,000 mT annually. The centrepiece of 

our Indonesian platform is formed by the former subsidiaries of 

the Lee Rubber Company from Singapore, which we acquired in 

2014. The carrying value of these assets in our balance sheet 

is US$105.3 million, along with goodwill on the consolidation 

of US$252.1 million, which implies a valuation of US$432 

per installed mT of annual output. It is noteworthy that these 

plants are unique in that they have been ‘grandfathered’, and 

are exempt from minimum local ownership rules.

Besides our operating assets, we also own investment 

properties such as shophouses, commercial buildings and 

residential real estate across Indonesia with a market value of 

US$24.3 million as at 31st December 2019.

It is fair to state that this Indonesian factory portfolio is unique in 

both scale and reach. Structured into four regional management 

clusters, our investment in Indonesia forms the core of our HRC 

processing business.

Thailand

Teck Bee Hang Co., Ltd. is one of the oldest natural rubber 

companies in Thailand. Established by Lee Rubber Company 

in 1954, Teck Bee Hang owns and operates five TSR factories 

with a combined installed capacity of 275,000 mT in Thailand’s 

southern provinces. In addition to these factories, Teck Bee 

Hang owns a portfolio of investment properties, most recently 

valued at US$18.6 million. Besides the equity that we own 

on a standalone basis, Teck Bee Hang also owes our group 

companies circa US$105 million, which is secured by mortgages 

over most of their fixed assets. The unique financial structure 

of this asset has its roots in history and predates Halcyon’s 

purchase of GMG Global Ltd in 2016. The book value of the 

factories is US$26.8 million, which works out to be US$97 per 

mT of installed capacity.

Malaysia

HRC owns two SMR factories with a combined installed 

capacity of 220,000 mT per annum. The combined book value 

of the Malaysian factories is US$19.5 million, which equates 

to US$89 per mT of installed annual capacity.

China

Acquired from Sinochem in 2016, our PRC factory assets are 

located in Yunnan and Hainan provinces. In total, we have eight 

factories here with a combined installed capacity of 160,000 

mT per annum. Most recent valuations suggest a carrying cost 

of US$295 per mT of installed annual capacity. We are among 

the top natural rubber producer in both provinces.

Ivory Coast

Ivory Coast is one of our most dynamic investments and one 

that has required substantial management time to reorganise 

over the last three years. Here, we now own the entire share 

capital of Société de Développement du Caoutchouc Ivoirien 

(SDCI), which in turn owns two factories, with a combined 

annual capacity of 56,000 mT. As at 31st December 2019, we 

value each metric tonne of installed capacity at US$224 in our 

balance sheet.

Besides factories, we own 70% of Tropical Rubber Côte d’Ivoire, 

a small plantation company which owns a leasehold land 

covering 1,615 hectares, just outside the city limits of Abidjan, 

the commercial capital of Ivory Coast. We carry this land at 

cost, or US$2.2 million in our balance sheet, and are currently 

evaluating various options to either replant the oldest portions 

of the estate, or perhaps to monetise it in other ways.

Singapore

The combined annual output of our Indonesian, Ivorian and 

Malaysian platforms is merchandised by Hevea Global, the very 

first operating entity to form Halcyon Agri. We also own New 

Continent Enterprises, an established rubber-trading firm that 

trades both in-house and third-party physical rubber products, 

as well as rubber futures. New Continent Enterprises is set-up 

with a dual function: it manages our Chinese distribution entity, 

Halcyon Agri Shanghai, and also provides risk management 

services to other group companies.

In aggregate, Hevea Global and New Continent Enterprises 

have a net asset value of US$46.1 million, which they use to 

merchandise almost one million mT tonnes of natural rubber 

annually.

Corrie MacColl Group (“CMC”) 

Europe

Corrie MacColl Limited, the holding entity for the CMC Group, is 

incorporated in London and operates a small office in the city.

 

The sales and marketing teams of Corrie MacColl Europe are 

spread across four offices, namely Zaandam, London, Hamburg 

and Frankfurt. The result of the merger between the European 

parts of the RCMA Polymer business, Centrotrade Deutschland 

and the former New Continent Deutschland outfit, this is a 

business with unrivalled scale and reach in both Europe and 

the United Kingdom.

Of particular mention is the Kelvin Terminals asset in Terneuzen, 

Netherlands. Here, we own and operate Europe’s largest tank 

installation for both natural and nitrile latex, as well as a state-

of-the-art laboratory. 

United States

Arguably, the flagship of the CMC Group, Corrie MacColl North 

America operates out of Norfolk, Virginia, and is the product of 

a successful merger between Alan L Grant, Centrotrade Rubber 

and Momentum Technologies. 

Dedicated teams handle end-to-end supply chain management 

for three key product groups: dry rubber, liquid latex and 

synthetic polymers.

The Akron, Ohio based subsidiary, Momentum Technology 

Laboratories, forms an important part of our technical support 

group and offers testing services across many applications.

China

Shanghai CMI Rubber is a start-up and represents CMC’s 

intention to leverage our global client reach and technical 

expertise into the PRC market. This business is based in 

Shanghai, where it co-locates with Halcyon Agri Shanghai.

Malaysia

Centrotrade Malaysia is an established supplier of liquid latex 

into the Malaysian rubber glove industry. Formerly ED&amp;F Man, 

this entity provides regional sourcing and risk management 

services to the world’s largest provider nation of dipped rubber 

products.

We acquired JFL, which owns a total of 10,000 hectares of 

99-year leasehold agricultural land in 2014 and have since 

almost fully developed this brownfield asset into a mixed-crop 

plantation business with 4,300 hectares planted with natural 

rubber, and 1,600 hectares planted with partially mature oil 

palm. 

We will start tapping the rubber acreage in 2020, and expect 

this asset to yield at least 6,000 mT of natural rubber and 

38,000 mT of fresh fruit bunch annually from 2025 onwards. 

JFL’s combined value for its plantation and biological assets is 

US$61.0 million as at the end of this financial year.

Thailand

Centrotrade Hatyai houses a small team that provides field 

latex and other raw materials for a particular client with whom 

we have a broad and global relationship.

Cameroon

The centrepiece of CMC: In Cameroon, we own 90% of HeveCam, 

the largest operating plantation in the country. Spread over a 

total concession of circa 53,000 hectares, HeveCam consists of 

three estates with a total planted area of circa 21,600 hectares. 

The balance is untouched and forms the high-conservation 

value portion of this asset.

We also own 80% of SudCam, a brownfield project that 

commenced in 2012, where we completed our revised planting 

programme in 2019. Our total concession covers a size of circa 

59,000 hectares, of which we have planted circa 9,800 hectares. 

Here, we have defined a 25,000 hectare community forest, and 

circa 10,000 hectares of high-conservation value.

Both assets have state-of-the-art processing plants each 

consisting of a concentrated latex line, a CV line and a TSR line. 

The combined value of our plantation and biological assets in 

Cameroon, as opined by Knight Frank, is US$399 million as at 

31st December 2019.

14

HALCYON AGRI - 2019 CORPORATE REPORT

OUR GLOBAL

FOOTPRINT

13


#DIDYOUKNOW?

Indonesia supplies 21% of the world’s natural 

rubber mainly to global tyre manufacturers.

The tyre industry consumes 9.9 million 

mT of natural rubber per annum. In 

order to supply this, the world needs 

4 billion rubber trees.

Farmer sells his rubber to factories at a price 

set by a commodity futures market, over which 

neither we nor the famer has control.

A farmer needs two kilos of rubber 

to buy one kilo of rice. His income is 

now below minimum wage.

#DIDYOUKNOW?

Natural rubber is considered a CRITICAL 

RAW MATERIAL by the EU Commision. It is 

an irreplaceable component of tyres.

Where Does Your Source of Mobility Comes From?

Essentially, it comes from the tyres that allow your current 

mode of transport to take you from A to B. As you sit behind 

the wheel of your car driving your children to school, or in the 

back of a taxi that takes you to the airport (where you board a 

plane that would be grounded if not for its tyres), did you ever 

wonder what material makes up a significant percentage of 

those tyres? The answer is unequivocably NATURAL RUBBER.

 

So where is this critical raw material produced? Only from 

countries bordering the equator, with Thailand and Indonesia 

being the largest producers. Over 90% of Indonesian raw 

material is produced by 2.4 million farmers with an average 

smallholding of about 1.5 hectares. Each rubber tree 

produces approximately 2.5 kg of rubber per annum so 

imagine how many millions of trees are needed to guarantee 

the convenience and luxury of mobility that we all take for 

granted on a daily basis. The farmer sells his cup lumps to 

our factories at a price determined by a commodity futures 

market, over which neither we nor the farmer has control. 

Given the prevailing low prices, his income is now significantly 

below the Indonesian government’s gazetted minimum wage 

for employees. A typical benchmark for Indonesian cost of 

living is the cost of a kilo of rice. Historically one kilo of rubber 

would have purchased two kilos of rice. Today the reverse is 

the case where two kilos of rubber are needed to purchase 

one kilo of rice.  

Natural rubber’s place in a global context 

In 2017, the European Union commission added natural rubber 

to its list of Critical Raw Materials, the vast majority for which, 

including natural rubber, the EU is dependent on imports from 

non-EU countries. Natural rubber is simply an irreplaceable 

component of tyres. Different applications require different 

levels, but natural rubber cannot be replaced. The demand 

for natural rubber in passenger tyres is determined by global 

vehicle density as well as by total mileage driven. Global 

vehicle density and utilisation are largely determined by GDP 

growth.

It should be abundantly clear to vehicle owners et al, that 

without the existence of these smallholder farmers, the 

mobility that they take for granted in everyday life would 

be severely compromised. As well, the very livelihood and 

existence of smallholders are in peril by the current poor return 

for their labours and product. The only way to keep the world 

moving is to enforce the sustainable supply of natural rubber, 

which primarily includes ensuring that the smallholders are 

properly compensated.

Consumers (e.g. vehicle owners) are demanding more 

sustainable products and in turn, automobile and tyre 

manufacturers are demanding full transparency and 

sustainability in respect of supply chains. But without a fair 

price reflective of the efforts and investment required to 

produce this critical and irreplaceable product: there will be 

no, in the true sense of the word, sustainability.

2.4 million Indonesian farmers produced 

&gt;90% of the country’s raw material. 

Farmer taps his trees in rotation 

daily before sunrise. Each rubber 

tree gives 2.5 kg of rubber per year. 

YOUR SOURCE 

OF MOBILITY

HALCYON AGRI - 2019 CORPORATE REPORT

[aggregate] [innovate] [sustain]

16

15


Origins of our rubber

China is the world’s single largest consumer of natural rubber. 

The bulk of our sales are to the automotive industry, with 26% 

of our China deliveries sold directly to domestic joint ventures 

of international tyre majors.The other significant segment of 

our Chinese rubber sales is to the rubber compounding and 

textile industries. 

The EMEA region (Europe including UK, Middle East and Africa), 

with its mature automotive industry, accounts for 20% of the 

Group’s total deliveries. Our top EMEA customers are based 

in the main regional automotive hubs of Germany, Turkey and 

Finland, accounting for 13%, 12% and 9% of our offtake in EMEA. 

While our volumes for consumer goods in the EU are lower, 

these typically represent high-margin businesses and typical 

products that fall in this category include: 

• Adhesives and tape 

• Footwear 

• Vibration control for building and non-building structures

• Medical supplies such as gloves and catheters

The tyre majors in the US are our anchor customers and the 

top five customers in the US account for 60% of our tyre sales 

in the US. 

The US consumer business purchased our concentrated latex 

products and are used in dipping products such as balloons and 

condoms. The thriving medical industry in the US also use our 

product in catheters, gloves and medical tubing. Additionally, 

our dry rubber also goes into the production of everyday 

products such as:

• Adhesives and tape

• Beddings – latex mattresses

• Footwear

We have a significant infrastructure segment, where our trading 

business in the US also acts as a supply chain partner to our 

customers, sourcing for synthetic rubber used to produce 

bitumen emulsion necessary in the construction of roads. 

Industries using our product in China

Industries using our product in EMEA

14%

82%

3% 1%

Tyres

Consumer Goods

Infrastructure

Manufacturing

Tyres

Consumer Goods

Infrastructure

Manufacturing

Industries using our product in USA

72%

12%

10%

6%

Breakdown of volume by industry

16%

16%

3%

18%

38%

3%

6%

CHINA

INDONESIA

IVORY COAST

MALAYSIA

THAILAND

VIETNAM

OTHERS

33%

5%

13%

20%

12%

17%

CHINA

EMEA

FAR EAST

USA

SEA

OTHERS

76%

11%

13%

8%

7%

82%

3%

Delivery destinations of our cargo

WHERE DOES

OUR RUBBER GO? 

As the world’s leading rubber franchise, we have full control over the entire value chain: how rubber is grown, sourced, produced 

and distributed. Halcyon’s factories are located in most rubber-producer countries, and we are the owner of the world’s largest 

commercial plantations. Combined with the ability to leverage our extensive network of warehouses, terminals, laboratories and 

sales points across the world, this allows us to distribute a wide range of natural rubber grades, latex and specialty rubber for the 

tyre and non-tyre industries. Our top three delivery destinations are China, EMEA and USA. Our sales are mainly to the tyre industry.

HALCYON AGRI - 2019 CORPORATE REPORT

[aggregate] [innovate] [sustain]

18

17


DIGITAL

DISTRUPTION

HALCYON

RUBBER COMPANY

Digital Disruption to Transform the Rubber Industry 

In our last report, we described how technology is necessary 

to reverse rubber’s declining fortunes. Technology is needed to 

tackle unsustainable pricing and create a sustainable supply 

chain where all stakeholders of the value chain will benefit.

 

Halcyon is spearheading the digital evolution of rubber with 

various initiatives.

• The incorporation of HeveaConnect as a digital marketplace 

to trade rubber from our TÜV SÜD audited and HeveaPRO 

certified factories marks the first step in our digital disruption 

of the natural rubber industry. We are working to further 

integrate traceability and agronomical data to expand 

the sustainable certification options to HeveaTRACE and 

HeveaGROW.

• With 38 production facilities in major rubber growing 

areas, we have collaborated with Siemens and launched 

an ambitious digitisation programme to build the next 

generation of our data centre. 

• In Indonesia – which suppliers 21% of the world’s natural 

rubber –  we have also embarked on a digital programme to 

connect directly with smallholders to facilitate transportation 

from farm to factory, and to provide better pricing visibility to 

smallholders, thus improving their livelihoods. 

A digital marketplace for sustainable, traceable rubber  

2019 was a watershed year for us with the launch of the 

HeveaConnect platform. The platform aims to promote greater 

price transparency in the natural rubber market, and to move 

away from reference-based price fixing, which remains opaque 

and unrepresentative of sustainable pricing requirements. The 

biggest losers under the current pricing mechanism are the 

six million subsistence smallholders who are now affected by 

crippling costs, bad weather and diseases. 

Since its launch in April 2019, the platform has at time of 

writing handled in excess of 100,000 mT of spot cargo deals 

and efforts are underway to increase adoption and add other 

tradable instruments (such as Long Term Contracts). The 

coming launch of the HeveaConnect Mobile application will 

also allow users to negotiate and confirm sales terms on the 

go. There are on-going trials to introduce automated production 

data capturing to reduce input error, using Internet of Things 

(IoT) technology. 

Proactive engagement and collaboration with stakeholders and 

key NGOs have resulted in initiatives to drive improvement in 

the livelihood of smallholders. Together with their input, we are 

setting governance guidelines and frameworks to shape the 

future of the industry. 

This model also enables easy and quick deployment of 

resources across our production facilities, for example moving 

raw material from one factory to the next in order to meet 

production volume requirements and customer needs. 

Other benefits include optimising our raw material procurement, 

better factory utilisation and enabling standardisation of best 

practices, allowing for more efficient resource allocation while 

keeping costs down. 

Increasing capacity at our factory in Kalimantan 

In 2019, we made a large investment in our PT Bumi Jaya (KBQ) 

processing facility in Indonesia, with the intention to increase 

our production output from 2,000 to 3,000 mT per month before 

ultimately reaching a monthly capacity of 5,000 mT. We also 

invested in new equipment for the wet and dry lines and in the 

hanging sheds.

As Kalimantan is a relatively low cost region for raw materials, 

we hope to be able to offer more products from this factory to 

our customers.

Smallholders from areas around our factory would also benefit 

as we will be able to offer them better pricing as we buy in 

larger volumes, reducing our reliance on intermediaries for 

raw materials and enhance our outreach to the smallholders.

We are currently expanding our offerings to allow for the tracking 

of sustainable practices in rubber plantations and smallholder 

rubber plots (HeveaGROW) and traceability requirements in the 

sourcing of natural rubber (HeveaTRACE). This would allow all 

participants along the supply chain to trace the source of each 

batch of natural rubber, and reflecting the true value of supply 

and demand where farmers and producers are compensated 

fairly. 

Harnessing data to optimise factory operations 

Through continuing investment in technology and innovation, 

Halcyon aims to provide greater value to our customers over 

the long term. With 38 processing facilities across different 

regions, there is a need to centrally collect real-time data across 

our factories. This allows us to gain meaningful insights into 

our operations, optimise our processes and reduce operational 

costs and risk. 

We collaborated with Siemens to build the next generation 

Halcyon Data Centre (HDC 2.0) which is currently being piloted 

in one of our Indonesian factories. The platform is a cloud-based 

IoT operating system connecting key factory infrastructure with 

the digital world. Managers can spot real-time information and 

quickly work to resolve any issues that occur during processing, 

and use the data to share best practices. IoT devices will 

be deployed to capture operational ESG data for process 

optimisation and external accountability.

We expect to launch HDC 2.0 in the second quarter of 2020.

We are also working on another IoT project with Siemens 

to capture environmental data such as water and energy 

consumption, and working environment conditions. This will 

enable us to optimise our consumption of natural resources, 

automate data collection, and also improve workplace health 

and safety. 

Connecting to smallholders to improve transparency 

We have embarked on a digitisation programme to develop a 

mobile application for smallholders to gain visibility on offer 

prices of procurement stations around them. The app would 

allow smallholders to have direct access to a procurement 

point closest to their farm, agree on a fair price, and seamlessly 

arrange transportation to the factory directly with us.

Apart from tracking the movement of rubber all the way to our 

factory, it also contains information such as weight, dry rubber 

content and price. We are at the initial stage of this initiative 

and the target is to roll it out in Indonesia by the end of 2020.

Sharpens Focus to Serve Global Tyre Customers 

Streamlining for efficiency 

2019 saw the re-alignment of our tyre majors business under 

the umbrella of the Halcyon Rubber Company (HRC), a pre-

eminent supplier of natural rubber to the global tyre fraternity. 

The consolidation of global tyre majors processing and supply 

platform under one roof has allowed us to optimise our market 

position in terms of profitability, hedging optimisation and 

asset utilisation.

The enlarged HRC also allowed us to offer our tyre major 

customers a wider range of rubber from different origins from 

a central point.

Cluster management model

We have introduced a cluster management model which 

decentralises management for quicker decisions and to 

encourage better communication and problem solving. This 

approach enables the sharing of best practices between HRC’s 

factories and benchmarking to the highest standards, and 

encourages management to hone their leadership abilities by 

granting them ownership of unit-based goals. 

HALCYON AGRI - 2019 CORPORATE REPORT

[aggregate] [innovate] [sustain]

20

19


Our plantation yields

The plantation business is a long-term investment, as each 

planted rubber tree requires an average of six years to mature 

before we can start tapping to yield the first drop of latex. 

The profits will start to accrue as the plantation ramps up its 

production, weighing down unit cost, mostly fixed in nature. The 

time horizon of investment in rubber trees is illustrated based 

on CMCP’s plantations in Cameroon.

As noted in Figure 1, the expected plantation yield from our 

Cameroon plantation in FY20 is approximately 18,000 mT 

upon plantation maturity of 42%. Following the progressive 

maturity of our rubber trees, the yields start to ramp up and 

are expected to double in five years. Subsequently, as the 

plantation progresses into peak production upon full maturity 

by FY34, the yields will start to plateau at approximately 65,000 

mT per annum.

A rubber tree has an expected life cycle of 25-30 years upon the 

commencement of tapping, and upon the end of its economic 

useful life, it is harvested for conversion into lumber and a new 

tree will then take its place. This represents the emergence of 

immature areas in FY39 again, as the earlier cohorts of trees 

have reached the age of 30 years and the replanted trees will 

have no returns for the next six to seven years

The all-in cash operating cost consists of plantation costs, 

processing costs, selling and distribution costs as well as 

general and administration costs. A decreasing unit cost leads 

to an increase in profit at a stable price environment.

In terms of financial return, please refer to Figure 3 for an 

illustration on the evolution of unit costs at different maturity 

profiles. In the initial period, the unit costs are relatively high at 

US$1,800, mainly due to the plantation areas that have recently 

turned mature but does not yield sufficient latex and revenue, 

by extension, to cover the fixed operating costs.

As the plantation mature, the cost absorption starts to improve 

following a ramp-up of yield, representing the declining costs 

of the plantation, which eventually stabilises at US$1,250 at 

full maturity.

Applying the price of US$1,700 per mT, representing the blended 

average historical prices for past five years, across a 20-year 

horizon, the plantation is expected to break even in 2021, as the 

ramp-up of yield generates sufficient revenue beyond breakeven 

period at estimated 26,000 mT. As the unit cost stabilises, the 

incremental yield generates better profit to the Group.

The profits of plantation business are most sensitive to 

market prices given that they maintain full control over its 

cost structure. A US$100 swing in price will affect the EBITDA 

by approximately 25%.

Illustration of expected EBITDA over the next 20 years

Figure 1

Expected 

EBITDA

(US$’000)

FY20

(5,000)

15,000

5,000

25,000

-

20,000

10,000

35,000

30,000

FY28

FY24

FY32

FY37

FY22

FY30

FY26

FY34

FY39

FY21

FY29

FY25

FY33

FY38 

FY23

FY31

FY36

FY27

FY35

FY40

Mature Trees

Immature 

trees

EBITDA @ US$1,700

Our technical advisory services 

As a market leader, we actively engage at all levels of the 

standards development process with leading organisations. 

To this end, our technical and laboratory services teams are 

actively participating with ASTM International, an international 

standards organisation that develops and publishes voluntary 

technical standards for a wide range of materials, products, 

systems, and services. Participation in these committees 

that cover broad range of segments which our customers are 

servicing helps us network, support and address their concerns, 

including in the areas of sustainability. We have also been 

actively providing input to improve new and existing standards 

on sustainability issues, to an ISO advisory group.

We actively investigate and keep track of developments 

in alternative natural rubber and bio-based materials. This 

includes guayule, Russian dandelion and plastics derived from 

plant sources. For guayule, we intend to focus on distribution, 

development of standards, and a special focus on medical 

device manufacturers. For bio-based plastics, we view these as 

a potential additive to speed up end-of-life landfill or disposal 

cycles and as a possible zero waste packing material for rubber 

bales and pallets.

Expansion of client capabilities with new equipment and a 

1,200 sq. ft lab 

Following a $1 million investment, Momentum Technologies 

Laboratories (MTL) expanded its offerings with new equipment 

and a 1,200 sq. ft testing lab. The Ohio-based natural rubber 

and latex facility now spans 7,000 sq. ft. 

The third-party testing laboratory is A2LA/ISO 17025 certified, 

and tests more than 90 different ASTM methods. The expansion 

has allowed MTL to offer construction product testing, including 

for polymer-modified asphalt, roofing materials and coatings 

and below-grade coatings. The new equipment in the laboratory 

include a new rubber process analysis, a Wallace plastometer, 

Mooney viscometer, a tensile machine, compounding mixer 

and a mill. 

The expansion allows MTL to find new methods of integrating 

natural rubber and latex into the paving and roofing materials 

industry, advancing on their accreditation to perform MiamiDade 

County and Energy Star testing for roofing materials. This 

investment will also see greater supply chain efficiency for the 

global teams. 

There are plans to grow MTL further globally, with plans 

underway for sites in The Netherlands and Cameroon. 

 

 Sustainable Agro-Industrial Plantation 

In our 2018 Corporate Report, we introduced our version of an 

improved future for the natural rubber industry: the return of the 

agro-industrial plantation with an updated framework of social 

inclusion and environmental conservation. 

We have invested significantly in these plantations so that 

we can develop an eco-system that would in many ways 

resemble a social enterprise, where thousands of people 

and their dependents are invested economically and socially.  

From the smallholders we buy our raw materials from, to our 

employees and their dependents, and to the villagers living 

in the communities surrounding our plantation. This social 

enterprise produces a globally unique product for profit, for all 

stakeholders, not just our shareholders. 

Our product is marketed globally through a network of specialist 

sales teams across North America, Europe, Southeast Asia 

and China. Similar to the pricing structure of chemicals and 

pharmaceuticals, the rubber sold through Corrie MacColl is 

adapted to each customer’s needs and actual demand, and 

reflects its true operational and production cost. 

Corrie MacColl also supports our customers with a full logistical 

suite of distribution assets, including access to a technical 

advisory team and laboratories across the world. 

Water wheel and ram pump at our JFL plantation in Malaysia 

Utilising the steep slopes and streams at our plantation located 

in Ulu Nenggiri in Malaysia, we built a waterwheel to capture 

water and generate electricity for irrigation at our oil palm 

plantation. The waterwheel generates 3-5 kW of electricity in 

the remote parts of our plantation, sufficient to supply power for 

street lighting for to improve safety and security. For irrigation, 

the water flows through a hydraulic ram pump, which uses the 

stream’s kinetic energy to pump part of the water volume to 

collection tanks at the top of the hill. 

Ram pumps achieve the seemingly impossible task of pumping 

water to a higher height without the need for added energy 

input. This provides a unique method of utilising water sources 

in hilly areas. Initial tests have shown that the pump could raise 

water by up to 200 metres. The stored water is then channelled 

and distributed via gravity to the oil palm crop. Consistent 

irrigation of up to two litres per day per plant is expected to 

increase yield by 20% compared with standard production in 

hilly areas.

Please note the data set out above are for illustration purposes only. It is important to note that the above analysis is 

based on historical numbers, and is not necessarily representative of future financial performance.

HALCYON AGRI - 2019 CORPORATE REPORT

[aggregate] [innovate] [sustain]

22

21

CORRIE

MACCOLL


Wvv

Yield vs maturity over time

Sustainable Development Goals

Total of 260 checklist questions 

addressing 15 of the 17 goals

77

30

29

18

13

51

FY20

-

10,000

20,000

50,000

40,000

30,000

70,000

60,000

FY28

FY24

FY32

FY37

FY22

FY30

FY26

FY34

FY39

FY21

FY29

FY25

FY33

FY38 

FY23

FY31

FY36

FY27

FY35

FY40

Mature Trees

Immature 

trees

Yield

1,000

1,100

1,200

1,500

1,400

1,300

1,700

1,800

1,900

1,600

Cost profile vs maturity over time

FY20

FY28

FY24

FY32

FY37

FY22

FY30

FY26

FY34

FY39

FY21

FY29

FY25

FY33

FY38 

FY23

FY31

FY36

FY27

FY35

FY40

Mature Trees

Immature 

trees

All-in cash operating cost per mT

Figure 2

Figure 3

“Considering the current social requirement of the United Nations SDGs, evaluating the sustainability of processing factories are 

essential to the natural rubber industry.

HeveaPRO standards incorporate ISO standards on quality, environment, health and safety and social responsibility as well as 

customer requirements and security standards such as C-TPAT and other relevant international guidelines on sustainability. 

ITOCHU considers HeveaPRO the best standard to ensure the level of sustainability for the factory.”

- Mr. Yajima Hisashi, President Director, PT. Aneka Bumi Pratama (A member of ITOCHU Group)

mT

US$

Redefining The Industry to Develop a Higher Quality and Sustainable Product

The HeveaPRO industry standards were developed in 2015 and are designed to be a product level management system to ensure 

the sustainability of natural rubber. The standards further ensure consistently high-quality products and efficient operations of crumb 

rubber processing facilities. They have been peer-reviewed by third party certification bodies and leading tyre majors.

Quality: the standards incorporate the 12 core principles of the Global Platform for Natural Rubber (GPSNR) and supplier codes of 

conduct of tyre companies and have been referenced to leading international management systems adopting both a process and 

system-based approach. 

EHS: stringent EHS standards means that factory workers can carry out their daily operations in a safe and healthy environment, 

increasing their productivity and reducing lost time. The standards also mitigate environmental impact and reduce the carbon footprint.

Supply chain security: ensures that finished goods and final products are delivered in a secured manner to the customer’s doorstep. 

Benefits include reduced inspections &amp; fines, fast flow of security-compliant cargo at national borders, priority business resumption 

and front-of-line privilege for inspection of containers.

Social responsibility: addresses community needs and ensures they are empowered to share grievances.

Addressing the UN SDGs and Sustainability Policy Requirements

The standards have 1,227 audit checklist points and cover:

• 260 points that address 15 of the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)

• Social Responsibility and Supply Chain Security addresses 25 common features found in tyre majors’ sustainable procurement 

policies and practices

• 84 audit points supporting GPSNR’s desire to define sustainable natural rubber for the industry

The standards mitigate ESG-related supply chain risks and create greater transparency within the natural rubber supply chain. They 

also address upstream issues of smallholders livelihood enhancement and community engagement.

Please note the data set out above are for illustration purposes only. It is important to note that the above analysis is 

based on historical numbers, and is not necessarily representative of future financial performance.

HEVEAPRO

CASE STUDY 

HALCYON AGRI - 2019 CORPORATE REPORT

[aggregate] [innovate] [sustain]

24

23

CORRIE

MACCOLL


HeveaPRO further promotes data transparency. Buyers of HeveaPRO rubber enjoy peace of mind knowing that processes and data 

in the factory have been audited by a third party and the production data is readily available for verification. With the most mature 

standards in the industry, HeveaPRO has built a foundation for harmonised standards. It provides a hands-on approach to guiding 

processors to implement standards for consistent and positive results. The Halcyon Data Centre allows for the aggregation of robust 

data to prove the sustainability credentials of HeveaPRO rubber.  

Notes

1. 

Core operating profit = EBITDA less working capital interest

2. 

Return on assets = EBITDA divided by total assets

3. 

Return on equity = EBITDA divided by total equity (excluding perpetual securities)

4. 

Return on capital employed (ROCE) = EBITDA divided by (term debt plus total equity (including perpetual securities of US$148.7 million))

Selected key financial statistics

2019

2018

2017

Sales volume

mT

1,279,201 

1,432,335 

1,227,027 

Revenue

US$m

1,907.7 

2,141.0 

2,158.4 

EBITDA

US$m

71.7 

36.2 

64.9 

Core operating profit1

US$m

47.2 

22.6 

56.1 

Operating profit

US$m

38.3 

4.5 

59.2 

Return on assets2

%

3.7

2.0

4.0

Return on equity3

%

12.2

6.2

9.5

Return on capital employed4

%

6.3

3.2

5.2

HEVEAPRO

CASE STUDY

FINANCIAL

HIGHLIGHTS

Collecting Real-time Manufacturing Data using loT sensors for Sustainable Manufacturing

Washing/size reduction: pH, turbidity, electricity usage, water consumption, contamination level

Drying: Temperature, humidity, dwell time, outputs

Baling: Weight, quantity, surface contamination, metal contamination, light intensity, hand tools control

Laboratory: Plasticity, mooney viscosity, dirt, VM, ash, nitrogen, dry rubber content (DRC)

Financial Performance Review 

Key business developments

In 2019, we have made significant strides to place ourselves in pole position to be a sustainable disruptor in the natural rubber industry:

•  Creation of the world’s leading tyre majors supply platform - In view of the recent development in the natural rubber market, as well 

as the anticipated convergence in the quality and sustainability requirements at the consumers’ end, we have combined our tyre 

majors processing and supply assets (previously placed under Sinochem International Natural Rubber Overseas (SINRIO) Group 

and Halcyon Rubber Company (HRC) Group respectively) into a singular global platform under the now enlarged HRC Group.

•  Sustainable and responsible monetisation of harvested old trees - Sustainable usage of all parts of Corrie MacColl’s assets in 

Cameroon, maintained under well-developed sustainable practices, the plantations have approximately two million trees due for 

replanting over the next four years. Realising the opportunity in the sustainable plantation-sourced rubberwood in USA, Europe and 

China, which now no longer permit the importation of non-certified tropical hardwoods, the Group will process harvested rubber 

trees as part of a replanting programme into rough sawn tropical lumber for global furniture and construction industries.

•  Digital disruption initiatives gaining market traction - HeveaConnect has commenced trading in April 2019 with circa 80,000 mT (with 

a total contract value of US$120 million) being traded through the platform in FY2019.

•  Future-proofing production process - Continuous investment in technology and digitalisation of production processes, in which we 

have allocated US$0.5 million for the development of Halcyon Data Centre 2.0, and trial implementation of Internet of Things (IoT) 

technology in our Indonesia factories.

Driving Impact and Continual Process Improvement

Quality control

The standards focus on three pillars of the quality system to achieve sustainable quality: (1) defect prevention (FMEA, Control Plan, 

SPC &amp; Prioritised Reduction Plan), (2) early detection (Final QC, Product Audit) and (3) recovery (8D Problem Solving Approach). 

These pillars ensure continual improvement in process and product quality performance.

The implementation of these standards has resulted in a reduction in internal product nonconformity rates and cases of quality 

complaints and rejection. These have in turn resulted in better customer-supplier relationships.

Environment, health and safety

The standards aim to reduce occupational injuries, occupational disease incidences, lost day rates, absenteeism, minimise negative 

environmental impacts and improve overall factory productivity. They ensure continual and progressive improvement in environmental, 

health and safety performance. Since the implementation of the standards, there have been reduced injury lost day rates leading to 

improved operational efficiency. Workplace fatalities remain at zero. Factories have also been able to reduce total overtime man-

hours and has led to increased productivity and reduced manpower costs. 

The standards have reduced water-use and increased water-recycling rates resulting in increased process efficiency: year-on-year 

reduction in GHG Scope 1 &amp; Scope 2 (purchased electricity) emissions and emissions intensity have been recorded. The standards 

have also seen processing facilities significantly scaling up the use of biomass as a renewable energy source in their reduction and 

concurrently reducing and phasing out of the use of coal. Processing facilities are being pushed towards decarbonising their energy 

portfolio and transit from non-renewables to renewables. 

Data-driven improvement and innovation

Data-driven process change and improvement. The Halcyon Data Centre captures and stores measurable and verifiable processing 

data. The Halcyon Data Centre is a decentralised database for individual factories with standardised data collection modules. 

These stand-alone modules cover each stage of the rubber production process and allow processing facilities to opt-in or opt-out 

according to their needs. This gives factories increased access to production information and allow them to implement data-driven 

improvement within processes as well as increase the overall quality of data recorded in crumb rubber processing facilities.

 

The digitalisation of the HeveaPRO Factory Traceability System

The Halcyon Data Centre remains the most robust system that captures and stores modularised information on crumb rubber facility 

processing parameters. To complement that, the HeveaPRO QR Code Factory Traceability System was implemented to provide 

customised pallet information. Found on the pallet itself, it allows a customer to download the product test report by scanning the QR 

code and entering a unique access code. Besides test reports and processing parameters, the QR code can also provide information 

relating to raw material composition and sourcing origins which forms a key aspect of product traceability and transparency – a key 

sustainability requirement of all tyre majors.

By harnessing IoT technology, the HeveaPRO Factory Traceability System includes real-time collection of processing data. IoT 

sensors will collect information on key processing and environmental parameters which improves data accuracy and reduces the 

risk of human error.

HALCYON AGRI - 2019 CORPORATE REPORT

[aggregate] [innovate] [sustain]

26

25


CMC Group

Bottom line contribution of the segment towards the Group’s 

operating profit have improved from previous year, mainly driven 

by the recognition of fair value gain on biological assets relating 

to our Cameroonian plantations as aforementioned. 

The gain was set off by lower contribution margins from the 

distribution business, as the extended period of wintering in 

Thailand and Vietnam have caused  a spike in latex input costs, 

and to remain elevated for the rest of the year. This is further 

aggravated by an overall slowdown in regional markets caused 

by uncertainty surrounding Brexit as well as the US-China trade 

war that lingered throughout the year, resulting in our customers 

to be more cautious in their procurement.

HRC Group

Segmental operating profits, adjusted for the management fee, 

have also improved as compared to the previous year, owing 

to the benefits from its recalibration of sales strategy, allowing 

effective capturing of sales premium, which is reflected in the 

improvement in unit margins. This was set off by the lower 

sales volume, caused by overall market slowdown as well as 

raw material scarcity induced by the outbreak of tree diseases.

Performance by segment

Corporate

The segment covers the key administrative and support functions for the Group. Operating loss increased from US$12.0 million in 

FY2018 to US$15.2 million in FY2019, mainly due to the absence of the one-off forex gain in FY2018 of US$6.6 million, that arose 

following the liquidation of a dormant subsidiary. Excluding the one-off gain in FY2018, the reduction in corporate costs represents 

the Group’s effort in seeking efficiency in the midst of a challenging operating environment.

2019 presented highly challenging market conditions for 

Halcyon, with the confluence of weakened demand, tight supply 

and low prices, causing the sales volume to contract by 10.7% 

from 1,432,335 mT in FY2018 to 1,279,201 mT in FY2019. 

The reduction in volume directly resulted in FY2019 revenue of 

US$1,907.7 million, to be 10.9% lower than US$2,141.0 million 

recorded in the preceding financial year. The Group’s average 

selling prices have remained stable (US$1,495 in FY2018; 

US$1,491 in FY2019), compared to a slight elevation of average 

SICOM prices from US$1,365 per mT in FY2018 to US$1,406 

per mT in FY2019, with the latter mostly buoyed by the price 

rally in Q4 2019 amid market realisation of supply shortage. 

Despite the slight increase in average selling prices, the 

prevailing price levels are considered to be under constant 

suppression, and it is reflected in the unit gross profit that 

remain compressed (US$83 in FY2018; US$84 in FY2019). 

Therefore, the decrease in gross profit from US$118.4 million 

in FY2018 to US$107.4 million in FY2019 is volume-driven.

Operating profits of the Group have increased from US$4.5 

million in FY2018 to US$38.3 million in FY2019, in contrast to 

the movement in gross profit. This is mainly contributed by the 

recognition of fair value gain on biological assets of US$52.7 

million arising from the reclassification of our Cameroonian 

rubber plantations from bearer plant. The improvement in 

infrastructure surrounding our Cameroonian plantations 

catalysed the commercialisation of our harvested rubber 

trees, have caused the trees to be accounted for as biological 

assets. The fair value gain is set off by circa US$7.8 million of 

one-off expenses, mostly incurred to address the post-merger 

integration matters of the Group.

Net financing costs increased by 63.4% from US$21.3 million to 

US$34.8 million, mainly due to the redemption of US$150 million 

perpetual securities in April 2019 with proceeds from loans 

and borrowings, further compounded by the higher effective 

interest rates.

The efficiency of deployment of our resources in funding our 

operations have seen the relevant metrics, return on assets, 

return on equity and return on capital employed to record year-

on-year improvements.

2019

2018

2017

Sales volume

(in mT)

Profitability (US$ in millions)

Revenue and ASP

1,279,201

Gross Profit

Operating Profit

Profit before tax

38.3

4.5

59.2

3.3

46.6

(17.0)

118.4

150.6

107.4

1,432,334

1,227,027

2018

2018

2017

2017

2019

2019

Revenue (lhs)

ASP (rhs)

2,500

2,000

1,500

1,000

500

2,000

1,800

1,600

1,400

1,200

1,000

800

600

400

200

-

US$ in millions

US$ per mT

1,907.7

2,141.0

2,158.4

US$M unless 

otherwise stated

CMC Group

HRC Group

Corporate

Total

2019

2018

2019

2018

2019

2018

2019

2018

Sales volume (in kmT)

       378.5

  388.9

 946.1

 1,076.2

-

 -   

 1,279.2 

1,432.3 

Revenue to third party

595.0 

626.3 

1,312.7 

1,514.7 

-

 -   

1,907.7 

2,141.0 

Gross profits

30.7 

46.3 

76.6 

72.2 

-

-

107.3 

118.5 

Operating profit/(loss)*

45.4 

14.3 

8.0 

2.3 

(15.2)

(12.0)

38.3 

4.5 

EBITDA *

54.5 

20.8 

30.0 

23.9 

(14.2)

(11.9)

71.7 

36.2 

*Adjusted for management fees

FINANCIAL

HIGHLIGHTS

HALCYON AGRI - 2019 CORPORATE REPORT

[aggregate] [innovate] [sustain]

28

27


Investing cash flows

Net cash used in investing activities has come down significantly, 

from US$201.2 million in FY2018 to US$65.5 million in FY2019. 

This is largely due to the substantial completion of the asset buy-

and-build programme in the previous year, where the Group has 

acquired Corrie MacColl and the five Indonesian rubber factories. 

In addition, the capital expenditures have reduced from US$78.7 

million in FY2018 to US$68.2 million in FY2019, mainly driven 

by the Group’s ongoing efforts in reviewing the efficiency of its 

immature upkeep costs, as well as the cost benefits following 

the Group’s announcement of cessation in new planting at the 

end of FY2018. The annual cost for immature upkeep will reduce 

progressively along with the maturing of the plantations.

Capital structure management

Our treasury management

Treasury management is carried out by the business units, and 

coordinated by Group treasury function, in accordance with 

established policies and guidelines. Policies and guidelines 

have been regularly updated to take into account changes in 

the operating environment. Working capital requirements and 

capital expenditures are funded by a mix of short-term and 

long- term loans.

We closely monitor relevant emerging regulations which may 

potentially impact the way that we obtain our finances or 

introduce any operating constraints. We are kept updated of 

the latest development in debt markets and to arrange new 

financing as opportunities arise. Our consistent approach 

has helped us in building a strong working relationship with 

the banks.

Cash and cash equivalents, as well as undrawn committed 

facilities, are available for drawdown at short notice.  

Financing cash flows

Net cash generated from financing activities has reduced from 

US$228.4 million in FY2018 to US$38.7 million in the current 

year, as the Group inherited a lower debt base from FY2017, 

where the proceeds from the perpetual securities issuance 

as well as the disposal of SIAT S.A., a former associate, have 

been used to pare down working capital loans. In FY2018, the 

Group redrawn the proceeds from working capital facilities to 

finance the working capital investments of the newly acquired 

businesses. In FY2019, as the perpetual securities have been 

refinanced by term debts, the remaining cash inflows are mainly 

the drawdowns to fund net working capital.

Our financing profile

Halcyon has access to different sources of financing. We decide 

on the financing approach that is best suited for our prevailing 

business needs, bearing in mind the risk of concentration. 

Hence, we have a diversified source of financing and borrow 

on both a secured and unsecured basis.

As of 31st December 2019, the Group had total bank borrowings 

of US$1,123.7 million, comprising:

• 

Working capital loans of US$572.6 million (51%): These 

are mainly related to the financing of working capital turn, 

in which the cash conversion cycle typically takes a lead 

time of circa 90 days. 

• 

Term loans of US$551.1 million (49%): These loans bear 

a repayment tenor of more than one year, and drawn to 

finance our investments into factory assets and plantations. 

Our capital management

In managing our capital structure, we try to find the right balance between shareholders’ funds and external borrowings in order to 

maximise shareholders return.

In achieving the optimal capital structure, we may either renew and refinance existing borrowings, obtain new borrowings, or deleverage 

by way of rights issue, capital raise at subsidiaries level, as well as opportunistic disposal of non-core assets.

Having access to flexible and cost-effective financing allows us to quickly respond to opportunities. In our view, the Group has 

adequate sources of financing to meet our business requirement in the foreseeable future. We also use a combination of short-

term and long-term debts in financing our operations, depending on the cash flow profile of the prevailing investments. Most of our 

drawdowns are in US dollars, being the underlying currency of natural rubber trades.

Financial position

The Group’s net assets have decreased from US$735.9 million in December 2018 to US$589.0 million in December 2019 mainly due 

to the redemption of US$150 million perpetual securities in April 2019, set off by the foreign currency translation gains following 

the strengthening of the local currency against US Dollars.

The Group continues to maintain a stable funding base, where financing tenors are matched, cash balances are unencumbered and 

fixed assets are sustainably financed.

The table below summarises the management’s assessment of the Group’s capital structure:

Working capital funding efficiency continues to maintain at 96% levels, in line with the management’s strategy to have its working 

capital assets (which are mostly liquid) to be fully funded by working capital loans.

Fixed asset gearing increased from 41.8% in December 2018 to 54.2% in December 2019, mainly due to the redemption of the perpetual 

securities, which are equity in nature, being financed partially by term debts, and the remaining through the existing cash balances. 

This was set off by the increase in asset base due to continuous investment into immature upkeep across our plantation platform.

(US$ million)

Balance at 

31 Dec 19

Balance at 

31 Dec 18

Working capital employed1

595.0

542.1

Working capital loans

572.6

520.5

% Efficiency of Working Capital Funding

96.2%

96.0%

Operational long term assets2

1,017.4

936.2

Term debts

551.1

391.6

% Fixed Asset Gearing

54.2%

41.8%

Cash and cash equivalents3

55.6

122.9

Non-core assets4

44.7

46.8

Total equity (excluding Perpetual Securities)

589.0

587.2

Perpetual Securities

-

148.7

Total equity (including Perpetual Securities)

589.0

735.9

Gearing5

0.94 times

0.92 times

Net asset value (NAV) per share6

US$0.37

US$0.37

Notes:

1. 

Working capital employed for the Group is 

defined as the sum of operational trade and other 

receivables, net derivative assets, pledged deposits, 

inventories, assets held for sale, netted off against 

trade and other payables. 

2. 

Operational long term assets of the Group is defined 

as intangible assets, PPE, plantation and biological 

assets, and other non-current assets and right-of-

use assets, net off against non-current liabilities.

3. 

Cash and cash equivalents adjusted to working 

capital employed.

4. 

Non-core assets mainly made up of investment 

properties.

5. 

Gearing = (Term debts plus perpetual securities) 

divide total equity (excluding perpetual securities)

6. 

NAV per share = Total equity (excluding perpetual 

securities) divide total shares outstanding 

(1,595,011,941 shares)

Cash flows

US$ in millions

2019

2018

Operating cash flow before working capital changes

15.3

33.3

Changes in working capital

(30.0)

(57.6)

Payments of taxes and working capital loan interests

(26.9)

(28.6)

Net cash flow from operating activities

(41.6)

(52.9)

Net cash flow from investing activities

(65.5)

(201.2)

Net cash flow from financing activities

38.7

228.4

Net changes in cash and cash equivalents

(68.4)

(25.7)

Operating cash flows

Operating cash flows before working capital changes decreased from US$33.3 million in FY2018 to US$15.3 million in FY2019, in 

line with the decline in sales volume as aforementioned. In spite of that, net cash used in operating activities improved from US$52.9 

million in FY2018 to US$41.6 million in FY2019, due to the partial release of net working capital invested in previous year upon the 

acquisition of new businesses.

FINANCIAL

HIGHLIGHTS

HALCYON AGRI - 2019 CORPORATE REPORT

[aggregate] [innovate] [sustain]

30

29


Risk is intrinsic to our business and risk management is imperative to business sustainability. The Group proactively manages risks 

and embeds the risk management process into the Group’s planning, decision- making process as well as its day-to-day operations. 

Our risk registers are reviewed continuously to ensure any necessary risk treatments are addressed and updated.

The risk registers are presented to the company’s Audit Committee, highlighting significant risks, measures taken by the management 

and residual risk exposures that have an impact on the Group. Our risk management policy is enhanced on an ongoing basis to 

match the expanded scale and scope of our business.

RISK

CAUSE

IMPACT

MITIGATION MEASURES

PRICE RISK

Fluctuations in the price of natural 

rubber and rubber products

Weather, currency movements,

future market activities, market

interventions, political and

geopolitical disruptions

Exposure to price volatility directly 

impacts the Group’s profitability

• Utilise different future markets 

and physical markets to 

mitigate

• Daily reports on market 

positioning to facilitate 

management’s decision-

making processecision-

making process 

CREDIT AND COUNTER 

PARTY RISK

Customer defaults and

counterparty’s failure to

meet contractual obligations

• Adverse market movements 

and change in supply and 

demand equation

• Inadequate screening of the 

customer and counterparty 

• Customer defaults resulting in 

loss of revenue

• Breach of counterparty 

obligation resulting in 

additional costs

• Transact only with credit 

worthy customers or 

counterparties

• Periodic review of credit terms 

granted

• Credit insurance to protect 

against potential default

LIQUIDITY RISK

Insufficient liquidity to 

consistently meet obligations 

as well as to cater to changing 

business models

Longer lead time for 

working capital 

Insufficient working capital 

resulting in inability to meet

obligations on time which 

impacts the Group’s reputation

• Manage liquidity by matching 

fund’s sources and usages

• Maintain sufficient headroom 

on unutilised committed 

banking facilities at all times

INTEREST RATE RISK

Fluctuation in interest rate

for loans and borrowings

Macroeconomic outlook, 

currency movement, political and 

geopolitical disruptions 

Interest rate hikes could increase 

the Group’s financing costs, which 

would negatively impact the 

Group’s results as well as liquidity

• Matching of cash availability 

with the repayment terms of 

facilities

• Actively monitor interest rate 

trends

FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK

Fluctuation in forex rates

Macroeconomic outlook, 

currency movement, political and 

geopolitical disruptions 

Inadequate hedging and

unfavourable movements

in exchange rates resulting in

FX losses

• Monitor exchange rate 

movements on an ongoing basis

• Employ hedging instruments to 

manage the exposure if required

BIOLOGICAL ASSETS RISK

Suboptimal performance of 

biological assets

Unpredictable planting/

replanting conditions (e.g. soil 

and weather conditions,

plant diseases and pests)

Inefficient asset utilisation and 

lost profits as the Group would 

have to procure from third party 

sources to make up for the 

suboptimal yield of 

existing trees

In-house team of experienced 

plantation staff, supported by the 

services of qualified professionals 

as required for planting/ 

replanting matters

SOCIAL AND POLITICAL RISK

Risk of changes in socio-economic 

and political climate

Socio-economic and political

development (e.g. issues of 

labour laws, human rights, 

environmental protection) that 

have serious impact on local 

population

Improper management of such 

issues could tarnish the Group’s 

reputation

• Leverage the expertise 

and knowledge of local 

management and consultants 

to actively monitor the social 

and political risks

• Ensure effective risk mitigation 

measures are implemented in a  

timely manner

LEGAL AND COMPLIANCE RISK

The Group operates in many 

different geographic locations 

with diverse cultures and

local customs

Not updated with changes of

legal and regulatory requirements 

in respective geographical 

locations

Failure to comply with local laws 

and regulations may results in the 

Group being involved in litigations 

pertaining to claims and disputes

• Consult with internal and 

external legal advisors

• Proactively engage in 

discussions with local

• governments, regulators and 

industry leaders

RISK 

MANAGEMENT

Mr Alan Nisbet is a highly experienced accountant and 

serves as Lead Independent Director and Chairman of the 

Audit Committee. He joined the Board in 2013 and is also in 

the Remuneration, Nominating, as well as the Strategy and 

Investment Committees. His other current roles include:

• Principal at Kanni Advisory, a consultancy firm

• Independent Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee 

of Ascendas Property Trustee Pte Ltd

(the trustee-manager of Ascendas India Trust)

• Independent Director, Chairman of the Remuneration 

Committee and member of the Audit and Risk Management 

Comittee at KrisEnergy Limited

• Independent Director of Keppel REIT Management Limited 

(the manager of Keppel REIT)

• Independent Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee at 

Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited

Mr Nisbet was a member of the Institute of Singapore Chartered 

Accountants until his retirement. He graduated with a Diploma 

of Business Studies (Accounting) from the Caulfield Institute 

of Technology, Melbourne, Australia.

One of Singapore’s foremost lawyers, Mr Randolph Khoo 

is Independent Director and Chairman of the Nominating 

Committee. He joined the Board in 2013 and is also part of the 

Audit and Remuneration Committees.

He is currently the Deputy Managing Director for Dispute 

Resolution at Drew &amp; Napier LLC and also heads the disputes 

practices of its China, India and International Trade Desks and 

Private Client Services Group. His other current roles include:

• Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme Court Singapore, a 

Notary Public and a Commissioner for Oaths

• Panel Arbitrator, Singapore Institute of Arbitrators

• Panel Arbitrator, Shanghai Arbitration Commission, Shanghai 

International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission and 

Shenzhen Court of International Arbitration

• Panel Arbitrator and the Malaysian Institute of Arbitrators

• Panel Arbitrator, Chinese Arbitration Association, Taipei

• Panel Arbitrator, Institute of Modern Arbitration of the 

Russian Federation

• Panel Arbitrator (Foreign National), Indian Council of 

Arbitration

• Fellow of arbitral institutes of Singapore, Malaysia, Hong 

Kong, the United Kingdom, India and New Zealand

• Member of the International Bar Association, Society of 

International Law (Singapore), Law Society of Singapore and 

the Singapore Academy of Law

Mr Khoo graduated with a Bachelor of Law from the National 

University of Singapore with various academic prizes.

BOARD

OF DIRECTORS





Alan Nisbet

Lead Independent Director

Randolph Khoo

Independent Director

HALCYON AGRI - 2019 CORPORATE REPORT

[aggregate] [innovate] [sustain]

32

31


Mr Liew Choon Wei is Independent Director and Chairman of 

the Remuneration Committee. He was appointed to the Board 

in 2014 and also sits on the Audit and Nominating Committees. 

He joined Ernst &amp; Young LLP in Singapore in 1979 and was 

Audit Partner for its largest real estate, commodities, banking, 

media, hospitality and retail clients before retiring in 2013. His 

current roles include:

• Independent Director at Frasers Hospitality Asset 

Management Pte Ltd (manager of Frasers Hospitality 

Real Estate Investment Trust) and Frasers Hospitality 

Trust Management Pte Ltd (trustee-manager of Frasers 

Hospitality Business Trust), member of the Audit Committee, 

Remuneration Committee and Nominating Commitee

• Independent Director, Chairman of the Nominating Committee 

and member of the Audit Committee and Remuneration 

Committee of F J Benjamin Holdings Ltd

• Independent Director at The Hour Glass Limited, Chairman 

of its Audit Committee and member of the Nominating and 

Remuneration Committee

• Fellow Chartered Accountant of the Institute of Singapore 

Chartered Accountants



Liew Choon Wei

Independent Director



Simon Lam

Independent Director

Mr Simon Lam Chun Kai is Independent Director appointed 

to the Board in 2019. He brings many years of corporate 

experience, particularly in the petroleum and petrochemicals 

industries, and has served as:

• Chairman of Shell Companies in Singapore

• Chief Executive Officer at CNOOC and Shell Petrochemicals 

Company Limited

• Venture Director of Shell Eastern Petrochemical Complex

• Chief Executive Officer at Jurong Aromatics Corp, Singapore

 

He has previously sat on the boards of a number of government 

and industry bodies, including:

• Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore

• Science Centre Singapore

• International Chamber of Commerce

• Energy Market Authority of Singapore

• Hertel Group, Netherland

• Royal Vopak, Netherland

• Sinochem International Corporation Ltd

Mr Lam received his tertiary education at Adelaide University, 

South Australia, and is a Chartered Member of IChemE, United 

Kingdom.

BOARD

OF DIRECTORS

Mr Liu Hongsheng brings decades of experience in business 

and human resources to his roles as Halcyon Agri’s Non-

Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Strategy and 

Investment Committee. He joined the Board in 2017. He is 

currently Director and Chief Executive Officer of Sinochem 

International Corporation Ltd. His previous posts include:

• Vice President at Sinochem International Corporation Ltd

• Senior Vice President at Sinochem International Corporation 

Ltd, Chemicals Segment

• General Manager at Sinochem International Corporation Ltd, 

Logistics Business Division

• Deputy Head of Human Resources at China’s Ministry of 

Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation

• First Secretary of the Economic and Commercial Counsellor’s 

Office at the Chinese Embassy in Thailand

Mr Liu holds a bachelor’s degree in Philosophy from Peking 

University and an executive master’s degree in Business 

Administration from Shanghai Maritime University.

Mr Jeremy Goon contributes his extensive experience in 

sustainability issues in his role as Independent Director. He 

was appointed to the Board in 2017. Mr Goon has management 

experience in edible oils processing operations, trading, brand 

management, marketing and sustainability and has held several 

senior positions in the Kuok Group of Companies since 2002. 

He also serves in various capacities in trade organisations 

such as the Malaysian Palm Oil Association, Malaysian Palm 

Oil Council and Tropical Forest Alliance 2020. His current roles 

include:

• Chief Sustainability Officer of Wilmar International Limited 

(“Wilmar”) and Executive Director of Wilmar’s Plantation 

Operations, and also heads the Corporate and Investor 

Relations functions of Wilmar

• Director and General Manager of the FFM Berhad (“FFM”) 

and also serves as Chairman/Director of FFM’s subsidiaries 

and associates

Mr Goon holds a Bachelor of Arts (Honours) in Management 

Science &amp; Law from Keele University, United Kingdom.



Jeremy Goon

Independent Director



Liu Hongsheng

Non-Executive Chairman

HALCYON AGRI - 2019 CORPORATE REPORT

[aggregate] [innovate] [sustain]

34

33


Mr Robert Meyer is Halcyon Agri’s Chief Executive Officer. He 

also serves as Executive Director and sits on the Strategy and 

Investment Committee. He founded Halcyon Management 

Partners Pte Ltd, the precursor to Halcyon Investment 

Corporation Pte Ltd, in 2004. In 2010, Mr Meyer co-founded 

Halcyon Agri. As Chief Executive Officer, Mr Meyer is in charge 

of formulating and executing the business strategy of the 

Group, and of overseeing its day-to-day management.

Mr Meyer graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Business 

Management from the European Business School, Schloss 

Reichartshausen. Prior to his business studies, Mr Meyer 

complete commercial banking apprenticeship with Dresdner 

Bank AG in Hamburg, Germany.

Mr Pascal Demierre is Halcyon Agri’s Executive Director 

and Chief Corporate Officer, a member of the Audit and 

Remuneration Committees. He co-founded Halcyon Agri and 

joined the Board in 2010. He is responsible for all corporate 

matters, including mergers &amp; acquisitions, legal, corporate 

governance, corporate structuring, information technology, 

human resources and general administration. He also holds 

appointments in other organisations, including:

• Independent Director at The Hour Glass Limited

• Council member at Alliance Française, Singapore

Mr Demierre graduated with a Bachelor of Law (Upper Second) 

from King’s College London, in the United Kingdom. He also 

obtained a graduate diploma in Law from the National University 

of Singapore.



Robert Meyer

Executive Director &amp;

Chief Executive Officer



Pascal Demierre

Executive Director &amp;

Chief Corporate Officer

BOARD

OF DIRECTORS

Mr Qin Jinke joined the Board in 2018 and is a Non-Executive 

Director. He has been with Sinochem International Corporation 

Ltd for nearly 20 years and is now its Chief Financial Officer. 

He joined Sinochem in 2001 and has held senior positions in 

its auditing, finance and accounting departments, including:

• Deputy Chief Financial Officer

• General Manager of the Finance Department

• Vice General Manager of the Finance Department

• General Manager of the Accounting and Tax Office

• Chief Financial Officer at Metallurgy and Energy Division

• Assistant General Manager of the Auditing Department

Mr Wang Wei is a seasoned investor and investment analyst 

who was appointed to the Board in 2017 as a Non-Executive 

Director. He serves as Managing Director of the China-Africa 

Development Fund’s (CADFund) Infrastructure and Energy 

Investment Department. He is presently Director at HNA &amp; 

CADF Logistics, Nanjing Ocean (CM) Co. Ltd and Ansogli Power 

(Ghana) Ltd. His previous roles include:

• Consultant with APCO Worldwide LLC (Beijing)

• Consultant with KPMG Huazhen LLP

Mr Wang holds a master’s degree in International Relations, and 

a Bachelor of Arts in International Economics and Trade, from 

the China Foreign Affairs University. He is also an alumnus of 

Johns Hopkins University-Nanjing University, Center for Chinese 

and American Studies.



Qin Jinke

Non-Executive Director



Wang Wei

Non-Executive Director

HALCYON AGRI - 2019 CORPORATE REPORT

[aggregate] [innovate] [sustain]

36

35


Mr Andrew Trevatt is a co-founder of Halcyon Agri and has 

overseen the daily commercial affairs of the Group since 2010. 

He has more than 30 years of experience in the natural rubber 

industry, having worked in various rubber and commodity-

related companies in the United Kingdom, The Netherlands, the 

United States of America and Singapore.

Mr Trevatt has now taken on the role of Chief Commercial 

Officer for the CMC Group and is responsible for implementing 

and managing its overall commercial and sales strategies.

Mr Jeremy Loh is the Chief Financial Officer at Halcyon Agri 

and is responsible for the Group’s financial affairs, including 

corporate finance, treasury and capital management.

He joined Halcyon Agri in 2016 as the Deputy Chief Financial 

Officer and brings with him almost 20 years of financial 

control and risk expertise to the Group. His work experiences 

include senior roles at international banks and auditing firms 

in Singapore, Thailand and Malaysia.

Mr Loh holds a bachelor’s degree in Accounting from Monash 

University Malaysia.

Mr Eng Kiat Ng joined Halcyon Agri in 2013 as Chief Financial 

Officer. In addition to his CFO’s role, Mr Ng also oversaw the 

Group’s operations in China and Indonesia between 2017 and 

2018.  He was appointed Group Operating Officer in mid-2018 

where he was overall responsible for the Group’s operations.

In late 2019, Mr Ng assumed the role of Managing Director for 

HRC Group and is responsible for the overall performance of 

Halcyon Agri’s global tyre-focussed processing and distribution 

platform.

Mr Ng graduated from the Multimedia University in Malaysia 

in 2002 with a bachelor’s degree (Honours) in Accounting. He 

is also a member of the Association of Chartered Certified 

Accountants and the  Institute of Singapore Chartered 

Accountants. 



Jeremy Loh

Chief Financial Officer



Andrew Trevatt

Chief Commercial Officer

Corrie MacColl Group



Ng Eng Kiat

Managing Director

Halcyon Rubber Company Group

SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Ode to Rubber 

A personal view

As we drive or are driven from our houses to our workplaces 

do we ever ask ourselves about the origin of the materials that 

are used to produce the tyres that give our cars, buses or taxis 

the mobility to arrive at our destination?

As we decorate our living rooms in preparation for our children’s 

birthday parties and wrap their birthday or Christmas presents 

do we ever ask ourselves the origin of the materials that are 

used to produce the balloons or the adhesive wrapping tape?

The list goes on – surgical gloves to protect us from infection 

when we are being examined by doctors and nurses, simple 

things like elastic bands that we probably do not give a 

moment’s thought to but all of which form an invaluable and 

essentially irreplaceable part of our everyday lives. 

The answer is, of course, NATURAL RUBBER

There are of course many things that in this day and age would 

appear irreplaceable but I hazard to say that life without any of 

the aforementioned products is truly unimaginable.

But where does this incredible natural product start its humble 

life and how does its life’s journey begin. What journey does it 

undertake to become an integral and irreplaceable component 

of the countless and essential products, a fraction of which 

are highlighted above, and without which our lives would be 

immeasurably poorer? 

As we chart this journey allow us to draw a brief parallel with 

our own journey through life. 

Like all living organisms, both humans and natural rubber go 

through various stages of life until they become fully mature. 

Some of us grow up to become doctors, teachers, pilots and 

all manner of vocations. Similarly natural rubber plants after 

many years of nurturing and care become trees which in turn 

produce a raw material that ends its life as a component of 

tyres, surgical gloves, balloons, adhesives …….

So let’s describe the journey of natural rubber from beginning 

to its final destination as a finished product. We start with a tiny 

seed that is potted and after two months has grown into a small 

plant ready to take up residence in the ground. From there it is 

nurtured, fed and generally cared for, just as one would our own 

child and to develop that analogy further the journey that from 

a tiny seed to plant to tree to maturity ready to produce latex 

which in turn becomes raw material ready to be processed into 

a semi-finished product before finding its way to a factory for its 

final destination as a tyre, surgical glove or balloon is analogous 

with the life of a human being – from embryo to being born, to 

school, to university to becoming a useful and integral member 

of society as a doctor, nurse, paramedic…….

Can you imagine life without paramedics? But how does the 

paramedic get to an emergency to attend to a patient? - yes 

by ambulance and the ambulance’s mobility depends on tyres, 

which in turn depend on …….

 

Once the patient arrives at the hospital, the wheels on the 

trolley also have a natural rubber component and of course, the 

doctors and nurses attending to the patient be it in the ER or in 

the operating theatre will use a plethora of items, gloves, tapes, 

masks all with an irreplaceable natural rubber component.

In the vast majority of applications, there is no material that 

one can use to substitute natural rubber, yes there is synthetic 

rubber and whilst it certainly is a component of a tyre, natural 

rubber represents approximately 20% to 35% respectively of 

the total of materials used in the production of passenger and 

truck tyres. 

“In the vast majority of applications, 

there is no material that one can use to 

substitute natural rubber”

The list is endless and too long to list in this summary but one 

final application that many of our lay readers may not have 

known about is the production of natural rubber damping 

bearings which are effective in providing protection to structures 

from the damaging effect of earthquakes.

So where is this summary leading to?  

Much of what I have written is fairly obvious and known to 

most if not all of us but what, in all likelihood, is not known to 

the majority of consumers of all the products mentioned in 

this article?

What is it that is probably only known to the millions of 

farmers or smallholders whose livelihoods and whose family’s 

livelihoods depend on this irreplaceable item? To the processor 

of the rubber at the hundreds of rubber processing factories 

in Asia and Africa and to the manufacturers of the finished 

products?

I will tell you what it is! It is that while the price of natural rubber 

is to a degree determined by the laws of supply and demand, 

the actual pricing mechanism for rubber has little to do with the 

cost of producing latex, the first step in the value chain – i.e. the 

cost of producing the raw material for which the smallholder 

has made a six to seven year investment nurturing the small 

seed to grow into a mature adult that produces latex from which 

all of the aforementioned products are derived. You would be 

shocked, or at least you should be, to learn that the average 

income for a smallholder in Indonesia is significantly lower 

than the government’s gazetted minimum wage, a minimum 

wage by the way of the princely sum of US$ 215 per month.  

A benchmark for income used to be one kilo of rubber would 

buy two kilos of rice – the staple diet of Indonesians. At today’s 

prices, prices that have prevailed more or less for the last three 

years, one needs approximately two kilos of rubber to buy one 

kilo of rice.   

PARTING WORDS

HALCYON AGRI - 2019 CORPORATE REPORT

[aggregate] [innovate] [sustain]

38

37


“While the price of natural rubber is 

to a degree determined by the laws of 

supply and demand, the actual pricing 

mechanism for rubber has little to do 

with the cost of producing latex, the first 

step in the value chain”

So what is the pricing mechanism for natural rubber?

Rubber is prices based on a number of commodity futures 

markets, in the commercial centres of Shanghai, Tokyo and 

Singapore. Commodity markets are by their very nature 

speculative vehicles to the degree that the Shanghai rubber 

futures market (SHFE) can trade more in one day than the total 

annual production/consumption. I was told many years ago 

that 95% of the turnover on the Tokyo rubber futures market 

(TOCOM) was speculative. 

 

Synthetic rubber (SBR) – a major component of tyres - on the 

other hand, is priced based on the raw material that is used 

to produce the semi-finished product. There is no commodity 

futures market for SBR hence the speculative element is 

minimal compared to its close cousin natural rubber.

I am due to retire in the middle of 2020 having been in the 

rubber business for 50 years. In that time I have worked for 

a trading company, a plantation company and for the last 10 

years for Halcyon Agri details of which I do not have to describe 

as they are more than adequately covered in this report but 

whose business is inextricably linked to the natural rubber 

smallholders. In these 10 years, with the exception of two and 

a half years of exceptionally high prices, I have seen the lot of 

our upstream partners go from bad to worse. Sustainability 

is a word we hear bandied around and quite rightly so but 

sustainability should also encompass price. Farmers need 

a reward for their efforts for them to lead a sustainable life 

without which they will eventually abandon their smallholdings, 

convert them to cash crops or seek jobs in what is becoming 

an infrastructure driven economy in Indonesia. Where then the 

raw material for those irreplaceable products or what price will 

we have to pay for these essentials of our life?

leonard

peter

silvio

beschizza

managing

director

“Farmers need a reward for their 

efforts for them to lead a sustainable 

life without which they will eventually 

abandon their smallholdings”

My final plea, therefore, and I know it one extremely close to 

the heart of Halcyon’s CEO, Robert Meyer, is to work towards 

de -commoditising rubber. Let’s make it a price based on cost 

of production and one that gives the farmer a decent return.

 

“Let’s make it a price based on cost of 

production and one that gives the farmer 

a decent return”

It certainly is not rocket science to create a value mechanism 

all the way along the chain that gives every participant in that 

chain a fair return for their investment and labours. Yes this may 

well kill the rubber futures markets but should we as consumers, 

or human beings for that matter, really care more about that 

than the plight of the smallholders and the future supply of this 

essential ingredient?  After all, there are many other commodity 

markets and financial instruments for the followers of charts 

and algorithms to ply their “trade”.

With that, I bring to a close what started as a small commentary 

and ended as maybe a long-winded plea for change. I thank you 

for taking the time to read these thoughts which I emphasise 

are my own personal thoughts and are not to be seen as those 

of Halcyon Agri. 

PARTING WORDS

Our Commitment for Sustainable Rubber

As the world’s leading natural rubber company, we can drive 

industry and consumer change for an equitable natural rubber 

industry where suppliers, manufacturers and stakeholders 

can work together to develop and adopt a set of sustainability 

standards for the production of a crucial raw material needed 

across a wide range of sectors (transport, health and leisure 

to name a few). While demand is unstoppable, unsustainably 

low rubber prices have left a significant impact on the natural 

rubber farmers’ livelihoods as well as increased environmental 

pressure. 

As a founding member of the Global Platform for Sustainable 

Natural Rubber (GPSNR), we joined the multi-stakeholders 

rubber community to lead improvements in the socioeconomic 

and environmental performance of the natural rubber value 

DEMAND SUSTAINABLE RUBBER



chain. We are also a participant of the BOUNCE platform which 

is an advocacy movement launched to raise awareness of the 

shortcomings of the natural rubber industry among consumers, 

and to open avenues to communicate the need for change back 

along the natural rubber supply chain. Halcyon is also adopting 

the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). 

The 17 Sustainable Development Goals are a universal call to 

action to improve the livelihoods for everyone across our value 

chain and protect the planet and safeguard our environment 

for future generations. 

Book 2 in this report details our pillars of sustainability (People 

and Planet) which outlines why we are uniquely positioned 

to lead the conversation about sustainable growth to ensure 

an equitable supply chain where both the farmer and the end 

consumer will profit equally.

HALCYON AGRI - 2019 CORPORATE REPORT

[aggregate] [innovate] [sustain]

40

39








HALCYON AGRI CORPORATION LIMITED

180 Clemenceau Avenue

#05-02 Haw Par Centre

Singapore 239922

www.halcyonagri.com

HALCYON AGRI - 2019 CORPORATE REPORT - BOOK 1

