




Book One: Strategy and Sustainability





Corporate Report 2018








The 2018 Corporate Report encompasses the strategic, financial 

and sustainability aspects of our Group’s businesses. The report 

covers the financial year of 2018 (1st January to 31st December) as 

well as initiatives into 2019. The report complies with the Global 

Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards for sustainability reporting and 

is prepared in accordance with the ‘Core’ option, as well as to 

the Singapore Exchange (SGX) Sustainability Reporting Guide. 

The report elaborates on two key strategic developments – 

the Corrie MacColl Group revolutionising the way rubber is  

grown, processed and distributed; and HeveaConnect, the 

digital marketplace for sustainably processed natural rubber.

Please contact us at CorpComms@halcyonagri.com for any 

questions or feedback.

GRI CODE \ 102-46 \ 102-48 \ 102-49 \ 102-50 \ 102-53 \ 102-54







































CONTENT



01

02

03

04

Notes From The Top

 

Chairman’s Welcome Message 

03

 

Halcyon at a Glance 

04

 

Chief Executive Officer’s Review 

09

 

Board of Directors 

15

 

Senior Management 

21

Strategic Spotlight

 

Corrie MacColl 

23

 

HeveaConnect 

29

The Bottom Line

 

Operating Results 

30

 

Segmental Review 

33

 

Risk Management 

34

Sustainability

 

Materiality Assessment 

35

 

Sustainable Natural Rubber 

41 

 

 

Supply Chain Policy

 

Biodiversity Protection and Conservation 41

 

HEVEAPRO and ISO Industry Standards 

43

 

Traceability Projects 

45

05

06

07

08

Developing Human Capital

 

Employee Demographics 

48

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

50

 

Career Development and Training 

52

Caring for our Environment

 

Waste, Effluent and Chemical Management 53

 

Water Consumption and Management 

55

 

Energy Consumption and Management 

57

Community Investment 

59

 and Empowerment 

 GRI Index 

61

\ 02

01 \






Dear Shareholders

Welcome to the 2018 Corporate Report of Halcyon 

Agri Corporation Limited. The report covers an overview 

of the Group’s operations, financials and sustainability 

practices. The management team has gone to great 

lengths to produce a document that is both informative 

and educational. We realise that many aspects of Halcyon 

Agri’s global business are complex and therefore not easy 

to understand, and I am personally amazed by just how 

many products contain natural rubber and how many 

such applications we supply. It fascinates me to think 

that we supply the raw material for 60 million catheters 

and over 200 million vehicle tyres!

2018 was a challenging year and one where Halcyon Agri 

is probably better measured by its intrinsic progress than 

by its financial performance. Rubber prices remained 

below break-even levels for most of the year, and in 

most origins, farmers struggled to supply the material 

we required. A notable exception was Thailand, where 

processors – our subsidiary Teck Bee Hang included – 

enjoyed positive margins for most of the year.

Looking ahead, I am confident that Halcyon Agri’s  

initiative to decommoditise natural rubber and redesign  

its price determination mechanism will bear fruit.  

This non-substitutable product is both a vital ingredient 

to the mobility sector, and very challenging to produce.  

Most industrial raw materials are subject to significant  

degrees of substitution risk, or are abundantly available,  

and therefore suitable for price discovery via a futures 

exchange. In the case of natural rubber, a tropical 

crop with tight geographical boundaries, six years to 

first cash flow, and labour intensive harvesting, pricing 

should be determined on a cost-plus basis, and not via 

futures markets.

In closing, I would like to thank Halcyon’s management  

and staff, my fellow board members, as well as all  

stakeholders of Halcyon Agri. I greatly appreciate your  

loyalty, dedication and strong contribution.

Liu Hongsheng

LIU HONGSHENG

Chairman

Headquartered in Singapore, we have sales 

offices, warehouses, terminals, laboratories, 

factories, plantations and a wide distribution 

network across the world

OUR BUSINESS AT A GLANCE

Market Share of Natural Rubber 

Supplied to Worldwide Tyre 

Production

11%

Standard Indonesian Rubber

Market Share

Indonesia supplies 21% of the world’s  

Natural Rubber

15%

Natural Rubber and Latex

Market Share

10%

Locations

Dedicated Employees

17,000

+

100

+

Production Facilities

38

Production Capacity

1.6 Million mT

Sales Volume

1.4 Million mT







































CHAIRMAN’S

     WELCOME MESSAGE



All figures above are based on Halcyon’s analysis of sales and customer information and IRSG data.

GRI CODE \ 102-14

GRI CODE \ 102-7 \ 04

03 \
















SINRIO







HALCYON RUBBER COMPANY

New Continent Enterprises

• Spearheads Halcyon Agri’s China-focused  

 business

• Distributes Technically Specified Rubber from 

 China, Ivory Coast*, Malaysia and Thailand

• ‘Point-to-point’ model eliminates intermediary, 

 connecting customers directly to producers

• Factory processing capability of 711,000 mT 

 from 18 factories

Halcyon Agri Shanghai

• Distribution of locally sourced Standard 

 Chinese Rubber from SINRIO’s factories 

 in China









CORRIE MACCOLL

Alan L Grant/Centrotrade/Wurfbain/ 

Momentum Technologies International

• Dedicated global team servicing non-tyre

 &amp; specialty tyre markets

• Supplies natural &amp; synthetic rubber, selected 

 rubber chemicals and ancillary products

• Distribution of 400,000 mT across 

 60 countries

• Regional champions for Europe and 

 North America

• Global 3rd-party procurement capability

• Among the world’s oldest and most 

 reputable rubber trading names

Kelvin Terminals/  

Momentum Technologies Laboratories  

• Full-suite distributor and provider of 

 logistics solutions

• Warehouses &amp; tank storage in key ports, 

 hot rooms &amp; centralised logistics management

• Independent accredited testing laboratories







Country 

 Operations

Singapore 

HQ, Sales/Distribution

Indonesia 

19 Factories

Malaysia 

Sales/Distribution/3 Factories/Plantation

Thailand 

Sales/5 Factories

China 

Sales/8 Factories

Vietnam 

Representative Office

Country 

 Operations

Cameroon 

1 Factory/Plantations

Ivory Coast 

2 Factories/Plantation

United Kingdom 

Sales/Distribution/Regional HQ

Germany 

Sales/Distribution

Netherlands 

Sales/Distribution/Tank Terminal

USA 

Sales/Distribution/Laboratory Testing/

 

Warehousing/Tank Terminal

GLOBAL FRANCHISE

OUR MERCHANDISING CAPABILITIES ACROSS THE VALUE CHAIN

The strategic review of all our assets led to the establishment of three business segments as shown in the 

table below. As owners of plantations and factories in rubber-producing regions across West Africa, Indonesia, 

Malaysia, Thailand and China, we have control over how we grow and process the raw natural rubber. Our 

distribution network is extensive and includes some of the world’s oldest trading houses serving our tyre and 

non-tyre customers worldwide. Our extensive network of warehouses, terminals, laboratories and sales offices 

allows for efficient distribution of a range of natural rubber grades, latex and specialty rubber for the tyre and 

non-tyre industries.

Our website, updated in 2018, shows the list of products we have and explains how our natural rubber supply 

chain works.

















































SINRIO

CORRIE MACCOLL

HALCYON RUBBER

COMPANY

10,000ha / 4,500ha1

100,000ha / 31,000ha1

1,600ha / 1,400ha1

PLANTATIONS













Malaysia



















PROCESSING

Total Capacity : 55,000mT

Total Capacity : 826,000mT

Total Capacity : 711,000mT













Cameroon

Indonesia

Ivory Coast

Malaysia

Thailand

China



















• Hevea Global

DISTRIBUTION

1 Planted Areas

GLOBAL MARKETPLACE

GLOBAL MARKETPLACE

CHINA







• Alan L Grant 

• Centrotrade 

• Kelvin Terminals

• Momentum Technologies International

• Momentum Technologies Laboratories

• Wurfbain Polymer

• New Continent Enterprises

• Halcyon Agri Shanghai



Ivory Coast

Cameroon

Hevea Global

• Exclusive merchandising arm for the Group,   

 servicing most of the tyre majors

• Exclusive marketing responsibility for 

 19 Indonesian factories

• Leading producer of Standard Indonesian  

 Rubber at 826,000 mT

• Setting the industry standard with HEVEAPRO, 

 our commitment to uphold the highest 

 standard in global rubber production

• Factories are HEVEAPRO audited with 

 TÜV SÜD and ISO 9001 certifications







































ABOUT HALCYON



Our Growth

2018 is a year of milestones met. The year started with the full integration of the Corrie 

MacColl Group cementing Halcyon Agri as the world’s leading latex and specialised 

rubber distributor. We also became the leading rubber exporter and processor of 

Standard Indonesian Rubber (SIR) with the integration of the five factories acquired  

in Indonesia, bringing our global production facilities from 33 factories in 2017  

to 38 factories in 2018. We realised our digitisation strategy with the launch of 

HeveaConnect for sustainably processed natural rubber, with backing from South East 

Asia’s leading financial institution DBS Bank Ltd and Japan’s leading trading house 

ITOCHU Corporation. We closed the year with record sales volumes of 1.4 million 

metric tonnes (mT).

OUR OPERATIONS

*Ivory Coast was listed under HRC in 2017

GRI CODE \ 102-1 \ 102-2 \ 102-3 \ 102-4 \ 102-5 \ 102-6 \ 102-7 \ 102-9 \ 102-10

GRI CODE \ 102-1 \ 102-2 \ 102-3 \ 102-4 \ 102-5 \ 102-6 \ 102-7 \ 102-9 \ 102-10

05 \

\ 06
























March 2019

   7 Mar

 

ITOCHU Corporation completed investment  

 

into HeveaConnect

 11 Mar

 

Announced redemption of US$150 million 4.5%  

 

Senior Perpetual Securities on 26 April 2019

September 2018

25 Sep

 

Awarded ‘Most Transparent Company in 

 

Manufacturing’ by SIAS Investors’ Choice Awards

27 Sep

 

Partnered with BSF Asia in Sports for the 

 

Disabled and main sponsor of the International 

 

Wheelchair Rugby Tournament 2018/2019

December 2018

   6 Dec

 

Announced cessation to all land clearing and 

 

felling operations in SudCam and HeveCam

 17 Dec

 

Halcyon and DBS Bank announced  

 

HeveaConnect partnership

November 2018

19 Nov

 

Sustainable Natural Rubber Supply Chain 

 

Policy launched

19 Nov

 

Sustainability Council for Cameroonian 

 

operations announced

February 2019

10 Feb

 

Launch of Open Day for Sports for the Disabled 

 

in Ipoh

22 Feb

 

PT. Aneka Bumi Pratama of Indonesia and  

 

Von Bundit Co., Ltd of Thailand announced  

 

adoption of HEVEAPRO adding potential volume  

 

of 1 million mT to HeveaConnect

August 2018

29 Aug

 

Incorporation of HeveaConnect,

 

a digital marketplace for sustainably

 

processed natural rubber

February 2018

 26 Feb

 

Acquisition of Corrie MacColl Trading Limited  

 

subsequently renamed as Corrie MacColl Limited

26 Feb

 

Announced cash dividend of 2 SG cents

SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



January 2018

   8 Jan  

 

Completed purchase of RCMA’s Polymer  

 

business at US$31.8 million

April 2018

23 Apr

 

Became leading exporter and producer of  

 

Standard Indonesian Rubber with 19 factories  

 

in Indonesia





GRI CODE \ 102-10

\ 08

07 \








































CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S

    REVIEW



At the end of 2018, Halcyon Agri Corporation Limited was 8 years and 8 months old.

Looking back, we acquired our first two factories in 2011, and the immediate focus thereafter was on 

synchronising the processing operations with our risk-averse marketing model, and, that being done, listing 

the company on SGX in February 2013. Following that, we expanded our operations both geographically 

and along the value chain. By the end of 2015, we owned 14 factories, our first greenfield rubber plantation 

project, and the beginnings of a global distribution network. In our second big growth push, 2016 saw us 

embark on our most ambitious project to date, the acquisition of Sinochem’s global natural rubber business, 

which included the privatisation of GMG Global Ltd. In 2018, we rounded off our Indonesian portfolio with 

the acquisition of another five factories, and made a final addition to our global distribution business –  

by now the world’s leading - towards the end of that year.

Halcyon Agri now owns and operates 38 factories, employs over 17,000 people in 35 countries and owns 

plantations covering more than 100,000 hectares (of which 40,000 are planted). In 2018 we became the 

biggest supplier of dry rubber and latex globally, with an aggregate delivered volume of 1,432,335 mT.

Taking stock, it seems that 2018 was an important year not just for our group, but also for many facets of 

the global economy and perhaps even for civil society. Several geopolitical and societal developments 

strike me as being of particular significance:

 

1. The U.S. will not cede its position as the world’s leading economy to China without a fight

 

2. Income inequality within developed economies is producing irrational outcomes at the ballot, and  

 

 

the ever-widening wealth gap between frontier and developed economies has unleashed migratory  

 

 

forces that potentially threaten the World Order

 

3. Climate change is upon us regardless if politicians and world leaders are prepared to acknowledge or  

 

 

to deal with it

 

The ongoing tariff dispute between the U.S. and China is a testament to the first point. While there is 

much political posturing, the strategic rationale for the tariff conflict may well lie in two ideological  

and systemic differences.

Firstly, most post-war U.S. administrations have engaged in global interventionist policies, while China has 

continued to pursue its policy of ‘non-interference in the domestic affairs of other countries’. Secondly, the 

American conviction is that government stays out of the business arena, while state-owned enterprises in 

China account for 30%-40% of Chinese Gross Domestic Product (GDP).

Several decades of pursuing these policies have resulted in imbalances that endanger the friendly 

coexistence of the two most successful political and macroeconomic systems since World War II.

In an apparent paradox, the U.S. can lay claim to the world’s most thriving economy on one hand, and the 

most indebted government on the other. The National Debt is due, in no small part, to the U.S. providing 

global security and military support services in the name of upholding the democratic order. In current day,  

the United States government has become the world’s largest debtor, relying on the world’s largest 

creditor and its principal lender, China, to provide continuously increasing amounts of funding. Hindsight 

suggests that this was a tenable situation so long as the American economy was much bigger than the 

Chinese economy in absolute terms, but the last two years have seen increased friction between the world’s 

leading economic superpowers.

The key driver of the American economy has always been innovation and creativity, both of which require 

robust safeguarding of intellectual property (IP) to deliver a sustained competitive advantage. At the point 

in time where China’s GDP is threatening to eclipse that of the U.S., Chinese infringement of American 

IP has become the battle-cry for a critical mission: defend the economic status quo, with all else up for 

renegotiation. Adding further pressure to the American economic outlook, Chinese state-owned enterprises 

(SOE) have been on a global acquisition spree, cleverly navigating the laissez-faire capital markets of the 

West to gain control of strategically important technologies, raw materials and market access.

The inevitable American response, such as the imposition of trade tariffs, more stringent CFIUS intervention 

in SOE-driven mergers and acquisitions, and intensified U.S. efforts to denuclearise the Korean peninsula, 

has increased global volatility and taken over the centrestage of global newswires.

Much has been written about income inequality, not only within the U.S. and Europe, but also between 

regional neighbours such as the European border states and the Middle East North Africa (MENA) region. A 

deep sense of disillusionment seems to have taken hold of large parts of the developed world, leading to 

irrational outcomes at the ballot box and, as seen recently in France, demonstrations and street protests. The 

migratory forces originating from the MENA region into Europe are a source of much anxiety for large tracts 

of the European Union (EU) population, and threaten the prevailing mindset of tolerance and acceptance.

As to my third point on climate change: At the 2018 World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos, Sir David 

Attenborough, famed broadcaster and natural historian, warned that human activity has brought about the 

end of climatic stability. To quote: “If people can truly understand what is at stake, I believe they will give 

permission for business and governments to get on with the practical solutions. Get it right, and humans 

can create a world with clean air and water, unlimited energy and sustainable fish stocks, but only if decisive 

action is taken now.” A WEF survey taken just prior to the event showed that environmental threats are 

now the biggest danger to the global economyi.

How do these developments impact Halcyon Agri and the global market for natural rubber?

The outlined shifts in geopolitical agendas and voter consciences may well bring to an end this current 

era of Globalisation. Instead, key indicators point towards a resurgence in national security awareness, for 

instance of the high risk of a supply disruption for a raw material of significant economic importance, such 

as natural rubber. In September 2017, the European Commission identified natural rubber as a critical raw 

material for the European Unionii.

Furthermore, an inconvenient, but very real truth is that the technology and low-interest-rate driven 

economic cycle of the last 10 years has failed to deliver a sustainable price environment for key crops 

such as natural rubber. While global asset prices and capital market pricing benchmarks have doubled, 

even trebled, rubber prices have tumbled. Farmers who planted rubber trees during the high-price period 

of 2005-2011, have had to realise that this has been a poor investment, thus far. Without exception, all 

origins of natural rubber have experienced significant consumer price inflation (CPI) over the last 10 

years, which has caused labour costs to more than double in Indonesia, for example. This is in stark contrast 

to the FOB price of natural rubber, which remains locked 40% below the 10-year average price!

By Robert Meyer

GRI CODE \ 102-14

GRI CODE \ 102-14

09 \

\ 10


6,000

5,500 

5,000

4,500

4,000

3,500

3,000

2,500

2,000

1,500

1,000

160

150 

140

130

120

110

100

2010

2014

YEAR

IN US$/mT

CPI INDEX

2012

2016

2011

2015

2013

2017

2018

SGX SICOM TSR20 First Position

CPI Indonesia

CPI Thailand

CPI Malaysia



Rubber Price &amp; CPI Indices

(2010 to 2018)

In addition to the increasingly complex framework of supply, demand and sustainability principles, 

2018 saw a group of relative newcomers to the natural rubber industry firmly taking their seat at the 

table, Non-Governmental Organisations or NGOs. Equipped with war chests that are much bigger 

than any rubber planters could ever be, they pursue a twin agenda: socio-economic development of 

indigenous communities, and ecological conservation. With prior experience from the pulp &amp; paper 

and oil palm sectors, NGOs have gained much traction in the rubber business within a very short period 

of engagement. They are a force for good, and one that, carefully harnessed and directed, will help 

rubber market participants to build a sustainable future.

So let us take stock of where we are today. The New Normal, as we might call it, is a state of contradiction: 

increased demand and supply, low prices leading to record-lows in actual farmer incomes, set 

against a backdrop of rising ecological and socio-economic awareness. The obvious remedy might 

be to cut down trees, and then prices might rise? Perhaps, but who will bear the immediate economic 

loss? Political agendas, a painful reality in most rubber-producing regions, render this obvious remedy 

inexpedient. Austere logic has never won many votes.

My view is that technology has the potential to reverse rubber’s declining fortunes. Mobility apps 

are making it easier and cheaper for people to commute. Historical entry barriers, such as vehicle 

ownership itself, regulatory hurdles such as driving permits, and even basic health requirements, are 

falling away. Consequently, the world is likely to consume more mobility at lower levels of per capita 

GDP – which suggests further expansion of rubber demand. Tyre technology will have to evolve to 

cater to these new developments, as will regulation, but driven miles - the single largest demand driver 

for natural rubber – is a metric that is likely to keep increasing.

While some countries still permit legal deforestation, the global market place will not accept an 

irresponsible supply chain much longer. Sustainably farmed and produced rubber must offer better 

returns than commodity grade rubber, and technology will help to distinguish the one from the other. 

Mobile technology provides the technical means to connect with smallholders, to assess their farming, 

harvesting and delivery models and to monetise that information along with the physical product.

The benefits of new technology are thus twofold: one, stimulating rubber demand by making ‘mobility’  

more accessible, two, stabilising supply chain returns by financially rewarding responsible and  

sustainable behaviour.

Halcyon Agri has spearheaded the development of this technological evolution of the industry. 

In 2018, we incorporated HeveaConnect as a digital marketplace to merchandise our TÜV SÜD -audited 

HEVEAPRO grade of responsibly produced rubber. As we further integrate traceability and ultimately 

agronomical data, we will expand the sustainable certification options to HEVEATRACE and HEVEAGROW. 

In December, HeveaConnect received an unprecedented endorsement in the form of a direct equity 

investment by South East Asia’s largest financial institution, DBS Bank Ltd. A forerunner in digital financial 

services, DBS Bank will support the growth of HeveaConnect to include a suite of financing options for 

value chain participants. Trade finance, simplified documentation, and smallholder microfinancing – 

these are exciting future possibilities for discerning producers and consumers of HEVEAPRO. From 

its launch in Q1 2019, HeveaConnect will invite other producers to invest in its share capital and to 

adopt the HEVEAPRO methodology. In March 2019, ITOCHU Corporation of Japan joined the ranks of 

HeveaConnect shareholders - another milestone event.

Ecological concerns, brought about by changing weather patterns, impact the natural rubber industry 

beyond the immediate agricultural effects of climate change. In 2017, General Motors announced a 

sustainable sourcing strategyiii for tyres and the natural rubber they contain. Other major automotive 

manufacturers have since launched similar initiatives, which has brought a group of principal industry 

actors together to form the Global Platform for Sustainable Natural Rubberiv (GPSNR). Halcyon Agri 

is a founding member of this important platform, which has defined its sustainability principles and has 

commenced operations.

 

Oddly absent, in the first iteration of sustainability principles, is the notion of fair prices. Ensuring 

sustainable economic outcomes along rubber’s value chain has long been a focal point of Halcyon’s 

corporate strategy. In part because higher prices deliver us better operating margins, but largely 

because we depend on a continued supply of smallholder-produced raw material to meet the ever-

growing demand for natural rubber. The reality is that subsistence farmers produce more than 90% 

of global natural rubber supply. Rising CPI and minimum wages have made even the most basic and 

unskilled jobs in construction or manufacturing pay twice as much as the average farmer can earn from 

tapping his rubber trees.

Lured by the high-price period from 2005 to 2011, increased planting mainly in Thailand, Indochina and 

Ivory Coast has masked a significant increase in global demand. Annual consumption has expanded by 

more than 30% to 13.8 million mT between 2010 and 2018. In absolute terms, demand has grown by 

3 million mT over eight years – which has required an increase in planted acreage by 30,000 square 

kilometres – roughly the size of Belgium! There is little reason to believe that demand growth will slow 

down, but how can we expect supply to keep up when prices are at historical lows and further land 

clearing for new plantings is no longer feasible?

GRI CODE \ 102-14

GRI CODE \ 102-14

11 \

\ 12










This pressure on the rubber futures markets has caused problems in traditional origins, where production 

costs tend to be higher. Compounded by the distorting effects of misguided policy responses, the 

persistent low prices are now having an adverse impact on the replanting of old rubber trees in 

Indonesia, Malaysia and Southern Thailand. Public perception is that natural rubber is an oversupplied 

commodity, when, in effect, this is not the case. There may well be too much NTO rubber, but supply 

from traditional, homologated origins is increasingly tight.

To conclude, Halcyon Agri is prepared for the challenges that lie ahead. Our HeveaConnect initiative 

is both timely and necessary. By opening the HEVEAPRO, HEVEATRACE and HEVEAGROW sustainability 

standards to third-party producers, we have equipped the natural rubber market with a tool to 

differentiate pricing and reward responsible behaviour. The vast majority of our assets are strategically 

well placed and will provide us with dependable income as we decouple from the pricing vagaries 

of the futures markets. Finally, we have a clear and actionable plan to delever our balance sheet and 

unlock significant amounts of trapped value for our shareholders.

At this point, I would like to thank all members of the Halcyon Agri family for their hard work and 

dedication. My sincere appreciation extends to our esteemed Board Members, our Joint-venture Partners, 

our bankers and all other external stakeholders for their unwavering support. 2018 was a disappointing 

year financially, but I can assure you that the best is yet to come.

Robert Meyer

Co-founder and Chief Executive Officer

In order to prepare Halcyon Agri for these anticipated future shifts, we embarked on a strategic review of 

our asset base in 2018. Two key realisations stand out: Firstly, fundamentals differ greatly across origins, 

mainly due to labour costs and raw material availability; secondly, and most importantly, Halcyon Agri’s 

market capitalisation represents a deep discount to the sum-of-the-parts value of our constituent 

entities. This is frustrating and seems to stem from the diverging cash flow &amp; income profiles of the 

individual business units, coupled with a certain conglomerate discount.

In response, we have formulated a strategic road map for 2019/2020 that will not only tick the boxes 

outlined above, but also generate significant liquidity to accelerate the deleveraging of our balance 

sheet. In the face of rising macro-economic uncertainties, potentially rising interest rates and ultimately 

rebounding rubber prices, balance sheet strength is a source of enduring competitive advantage – 

especially now that we have substantially completed our asset buy &amp; build programme.

The salient points of our strategic road map are:

 

➢ Consolidate our TSR production platforms to focus on the global market for tyre rubber; this will  

 

 

ultimately lead to a combination of our HRC and SINRIO units into one global franchise with four  

 

 

origination &amp; processing platforms

 

➢ Carve-out HeveaConnect and invite other producers to adopt the HEVEAPRO standard, as well as  

 

 

broaden its shareholder base to include strategic partners who can contribute to achieving the  

 

 

vision of a sustainable natural rubber industry

 

➢ Spin-off Corrie MacColl into a separate listed entity, thereby offering investors the tailored option  

 

 

of investing in Halcyon Agri, and/or Corrie MacColl

Complementing the above, we will rationalise non-core investments, which will further strengthen our 

balance sheet and facilitate sustainable and recurring distributions to shareholders.

Finally, a couple of thoughts on the natural rubber market, which remains doggedly stuck in a narrow 

trading range at historically low levels. In the context of demand, supplier economics and consumer 

price inflation in most producing economies, this is counterintuitive.

There is however, a plausible reason for this. In the high-price period from 2005 to 2012, non-traditional 

origins (NTO) entered the fray: North-east Thailand, Vietnam, Cambodia and Ivory Coast have planted 

approximately 2 – 2.5 million hectares of rubber, most of which are currently being tapped. In 2018, a 

safe estimate is that NTO rubber amounted to almost 3.5 million mT of total output. This NTO volume is 

substantial and has, in the period from 2012 - 2018, outpaced the growth in global demand. 

NTO producers face a couple of problems though: Rubber factory homologation requirements of 

global tyre majors, coupled with increased ecological and social oversight by NGOs make it difficult to 

find acceptance for NTO production in the global marketplace. There is only one certain destination 

for this cargo, and that is China, where the degree of scrutiny of both factory quality and supply chain 

integrity is less rigorous. China, being very much a spot buyer however, forces NTO producers to hedge 

their production in the rubber futures market, which has consequently remained depressed.

GRI CODE \ 102-14

GRI CODE \ 102-14

i https://www.cnbc.com/2018/01/17/world-entering-critical-period-of-intensified-risks-in-2018-wef-says.html

ii https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=CELEX:52017DC0490

iii https://www.gmsustainability.com

iv https://www.wbcsd.org/Sector-Projects/Tire-Industry-Project/News/Stakeholders-launch-Global-Platform-for-Sustainable-Natural-Rubber

13 \

\ 14












































BOARD OF DIRECTORS











01

Alan Nisbet

 

Lead Independent Director

03

Liew Choon Wei

 

Independent Director

02

Randolph Khoo

 

Independent Director

05

Jeremy Goon

 

Independent Director

04

Raymond Ferguson

 

Independent Director

Our Board of Directors includes respected lawyers, bankers, 

accountants, investors and experts in mergers &amp; acquisitions, 

sustainability, agriculture, human resources, chemicals and 

logistics – all of the components needed to ensure that 

a global company in the rubber industry is well-run and 

prepared for the future.









07

Robert Meyer

 

Executive Director and

 

 

Chief Executive Officer

09

Qin Jinke 

 

Non-Executive Director10

Wang Wei

 

Non-Executive Director

06

Liu Hongsheng

 

Non-Executive Chairman

08

Pascal Demierre

 

Executive Director

15 \

\ 16


          Alan Nisbet

 

       Lead Independent Director



01

Mr Alan Nisbet is a highly experienced accountant and serves as Lead Independent Director and Chairman of 

the Audit Committee. He joined the Board in 2013 and is also in the Remuneration, Nominating, and Strategy &amp; 

Investment Committees. His other current roles include:

• Principal at Kanni Advisory, a consultancy firm

• Independent Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Ascendas Property Trustee Pte Ltd (the Trustee-Manager of  

 

Ascendas India Trust)

• Independent Director and a member of the Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee at KrisEnergy Limited

• Independent Director of Keppel REIT Management Limited (the Manager of Keppel REIT)

• Independent Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee at Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited

Mr Nisbet was a member of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants until his retirement. He graduated 

with a Diploma of Business Studies (Accounting) from the Caulfield Institute of Technology, Melbourne, Australia.

          Randolph Khoo

 

       Independent Director



02

One of Singapore’s foremost lawyers, Mr Randolph Khoo is Independent Director and Chairman of the  

Nominating Committee. He joined the Board in 2013 and is also part of the Audit and Remuneration Committees.

 

He is currently the Deputy Managing Director for Dispute Resolution at Drew &amp; Napier LLC and also heads the 

disputes practices of its China, India and International Trade Desks and Private Client Services Group. His other 

current roles include:

• Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme Court Singapore, a Notary Public and a Commissioner for Oaths

• Panel Arbitrator, Singapore Institute of Arbitrators and Law Society of Singapore Arbitration Scheme

• Panel Arbitrator, Shanghai Arbitration Commission, Shanghai International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission  

 

and Shenzhen Court of International Arbitration

•  Panel Arbitrator, Kuala Lumpur Regional Centre for Arbitration and the Malaysian Institute of Arbitrators

•  Panel Arbitrator, Chinese Arbitration Association, Taipei

• Panel Arbitrator, Institute of Modern Arbitration of the Russian Federation

• Panel Arbitrator (Foreign National), Indian Council of Arbitration

• Fellow of arbitral institutes of Singapore, Malaysia, Hong Kong, the UK, India and New Zealand

• Member of the International Bar Association, Society of International Law (Singapore), Law Society of Singapore and the  

 

Singapore Academy of Law

Mr Khoo graduated with a Bachelor of Law from the National University of Singapore with various academic prizes.

          Liew Choon Wei

 

       Independent Director



03

Mr Liew Choon Wei is Independent Director and Chairman of the Remuneration Committee. He was appointed 

to the Board in 2014 and also sits on the Audit and Nominating Committees. He joined Ernst &amp; Young LLP in 

Singapore in 1979 and was Audit Partner for its largest real estate, commodities, banking, media, hospitality and 

retail clients before retiring in 2013. His current roles include:

• Independent Director at Frasers Hospitality Asset Management Pte Ltd (manager of Frasers Hospitality Real Estate Investment  

 

Trust) and Frasers Hospitality Trust Management Pte Ltd (trustee-manager of Frasers Hospitality Business Trust)

• Independent Director, Chairman of the Audit Committee and Nominating Committee and member of the Remuneration  

 

Committee of F J Benjamin Holdings Ltd

•  Independent Director at The Hour Glass Limited, Chairman of its Audit Committee and member of the Nominating and  

 

Remuneration Committees

•  Fellow Chartered Accountant of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants

          Raymond Ferguson

 

       Independent Director



04

An international banker with more than 20 years of senior management experience, Mr Raymond Ferguson is 

Independent Director and Co-Chairman of the Strategy and Investment Committee. He joined the Board in 

2016. He is also Founder and Chief Executive at Caber Partners Pte Ltd, a Singapore licensed fund manager, 

Chairman of Singapore Life Pte Ltd, a Singapore life insurance company, Chairman of Youtap Ltd, a global mobile 

payments firm, and a Non-Executive Director of LenndoEFl, an alternative data credit scoring, identity verification 

and insights company. He is also Chairman of HeveaConnect Pte. Ltd., a digital marketplace for sustainable 

natural rubber.

 

He previously served as:

• Regional Chief Executive Officer, Southeast Asia at Standard Chartered Bank

• Chief Executive Officer at Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited

• Chairman and Director of several Standard Chartered Bank’s subsidiary boards

• Executive Vice President and Group Chief Officer at Arab Banking Corporation, B.S.C.

 

Mr Ferguson is also:

• Associate of the Chartered Institute of Bankers in Scotland

• Distinguished Fellow of the Institute of Banking and Finance Singapore

• Member of the Singapore Institute of Directors

• Advisor, Singapore Institute for International Affairs

 

Mr Ferguson holds a master’s degree in Business Administration from Henley Management College and Brunel University.

17 \

\ 18


          Jeremy Goon

 

       Independent Director



05

Mr Jeremy Goon contributes his extensive experience in sustainability issues in his role as Independent 

Director. He was appointed to the Board in 2017. He is Chief Sustainability Officer at Wilmar International 

Limited and Executive Director of their Plantation Division. He is also Council Member of the Malaysian Palm 

Oil Association (MPOA) and Board of Trustees of the Malaysian Palm Oil Certification Council (MPOCC) as well 

as a member of the Steering Committee of the Tropical Forest Alliance 2020. He was also previously:

• Head of European Operations for Kuok Oils and Grains Pte Ltd in Germany and The Netherlands

• Vice President of the Executive Board of the Roundtable for Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO), where he represented the MPOA

• Co-Chair of the RSPO Greenhouse Gas Working Committee

Mr Goon graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Law and Management Science from Keele University in the 

United Kingdom.

          Liu Hongsheng

 

       Non-Executive Chairman



06

Mr Liu Hongsheng brings decades of experience in business and human resources to his roles as Halcyon Agri’s 

Non-Executive Chairman and Co-Chairman of the Strategy and Investment Committee. He joined the Board in 

2017. He is currently Director and Chief Executive Officer of Sinochem International Corporation Ltd. His previous 

posts include:

• Vice President at Sinochem International Corporation Ltd

• Senior Vice President at Sinochem International Corporation Ltd, Chemicals Segment

• General Manager at Sinochem International Corporation Ltd, Logistics Business Division

• Deputy Head of Human Resources at China’s Ministry of Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation

• First Secretary of the Economic and Commercial Counsellor’s Office at the Chinese Embassy in Thailand

Mr Liu holds a bachelor’s degree in Philosophy from Peking University and an executive master’s degree in 

Business Administration from Shanghai Maritime University.

          Robert Meyer

 

       Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer



07

Mr Robert Meyer is Halcyon Agri’s Chief Executive Officer. He also serves as Executive Director and sits on the 

Strategy and Investment Committee. He founded Halcyon Management Partners Pte Ltd, the precursor to  

Halcyon Investment Corporation Pte Ltd, in 2004. In 2010, Mr Meyer co-founded Halcyon Agri. As Chief 

Executive Officer, Mr Meyer is in charge of formulating and executing the business strategy of the Group,  

and of overseeing its day-to-day management.

Mr Meyer graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Business Management from the European Business School,  

Schloss Reichartshausen. Prior to his business studies, Mr Meyer completed a commercial banking  

apprenticeship with Dresdner Bank AG in Hamburg, Germany.

          Pascal Demierre

 

       Executive Director



08

Mr Pascal Demierre is Halcyon Agri’s Executive Director and a member of the Audit and Remuneration 

Committees. He co-founded Halcyon Agri and joined the Board in 2010. He is responsible for all corporate 

matters, including mergers &amp; acquisitions, legal, corporate governance, corporate structuring, information 

technology, human resources and general administration. He also holds appointments in other organisations, 

including:

• Independent Director at The Hour Glass Limited

• Council member at Alliance Française, Singapore

Mr Demierre graduated with a Bachelor of Law (Upper Second) from King’s College London, in the United Kingdom. 

He also obtained a graduate diploma in Law from the National University of Singapore.

          Qin Jinke

 

       Non-Executive Director



09

Mr Qin Jinke joined the Board in 2018 and is a Non-Executive Director. He has been with Sinochem International 

Corporation for nearly 20 years and is now its Chief Financial Officer. He joined Sinochem in 2001 and has held 

senior positions in its auditing, finance and accounting departments, including:

• Deputy Chief Financial Officer at Sinochem International Corporation

• General Manager of the Finance Department

• Vice General Manager of the Finance Department

• General Manager of the Accounting and Tax Office

• Chief Financial Officer at Metallurgy and Energy Division

• Assistant General Manager of the Auditing Department

          Wang Wei

 

       Non-Executive Director



10

Mr Wang Wei is a seasoned investor and investment analyst who was appointed to the Board in 2017 as a 

Non-Executive Director. He serves as Executive Director of the China-Africa Development Fund’s (CADFund) 

Infrastructure and Energy Investment Department. He is presently Director at HNA &amp; CADF Logistics, Nanjing 

Ocean (CM) Co. Ltd and Ansogli Power (Ghana) Ltd. His previous roles include:

• Consultant with APCO Worldwide LLC (Beijing)

• Consultant with KPMG Huazhen LLP

Mr Wang holds a master’s degree in International Relations, and a Bachelor of Arts in International Economics 

and Trade, from the China Foreign Affairs University. He is also an alumnus of Johns Hopkins University-Nanjing 

University, Center for Chinese and American Studies.

19 \

\ 20






Andrew Trevatt

Chief Commercial Officer

Managing Director – SINRIO

Mr Andrew Trevatt is a 

co-founder of Halcyon 

Agri and oversees the 

daily commercial affairs 

of the company. He 

has more than 30 years 

of experience in the 

natural rubber industry, 

having worked in the 

United Kingdom, The 

Netherlands, the United 

States of America and 

Singapore.

Mr Trevatt also assumes 

responsibility for the 

SINRIO group.





Ng Eng Kiat

Group Chief Operating Officer

Mr Eng Kiat Ng joined 

Halcyon Agri in 2013 as  

Chief Financial Officer  

where he was responsible  

for corporate finance, 

treasury, tax and capital 

management. From 2017 

to 2018, he was Country 

Head of our Indonesian 

office and Managing 

Director of SINRIO. 

He is presently the 

Group Chief Operating 

Officer responsible for 

the day-to-day business 

operations of the Group.





Jeremy Loh

Chief Financial Officer

Mr Jeremy Loh is the 

Chief Financial Officer 

at Halcyon Agri and 

is responsible for the 

Group’s financial affairs, 

including corporate 

finance, treasury and 

capital management.

He joined Halcyon Agri 

in 2016 as the Deputy 

Chief Financial Officer 

and brings with him 

almost 20 years of 

financial control and risk 

expertise to the Group. 

His work experiences 

include senior roles 

at international banks 

and auditing firms in 

Singapore, Thailand and 

Malaysia.





Horst Sakreida

Managing Director

Corrie MacColl International

Mr Horst Sakreida joined 

Halcyon Agri in 2015, 

having spent 40 years 

in the rubber industry. 

He has extensive 

natural rubber and latex 

distribution experience 

and is responsible for 

the commercial and risk 

management of our  

Global Non-Tyre &amp; 

Specialty Tyre segment. 

This unit includes 

Centrotrade, Wurfbain 

Polymer, Alan L Grant, 

Corrie MacColl Rubber, 

Kelvin Terminals and 

Momentum Technologies 

International.





James Bugansky

Managing Director 

Corrie MacColl Plantations

Mr James Bugansky 

joined Halcyon Agri in 

2013, and is in charge of 

all our plantation assets 

globally, including JFL 

Plantations in Kelantan, 

Malaysia and the 

HeveCam and SudCam 

estates in Cameroon. 

He brings with him 

more than 40 years of 

experience.





Leonard Beschizza

Managing Director 

Halcyon Rubber Company (HRC)

Mr Leonard Beschizza  

co-founded Halcyon Agri 

in 2010 and is in charge 

of the HRC business unit. 

His responsibilities include 

merchandising and risk 

management functions, 

as well as oversight of 

the Indonesian factory 

operations. He was 

previously responsible for 

our operations in China, 

Malaysia and Thailand.  

He draws from more than 

four decades of in-depth 

knowledge of the natural 

rubber and agricultural 

industry. He is also an 

expert in the palm oil and 

cocoa industries.







































SENIOR MANAGEMENT



21 \

\ 22


PLANTATIONS

REGIONAL

CHAMPION

NORTH AMERICA

REGIONAL

CHAMPION

SPECIALISED GLOBAL

TECHNICAL MARKETING

EUROPE

NORTH AMERICA

GLOBAL

CORRIE MACCOLL PLANTATIONS

SYNTHETIC RUBBER

NATURAL RUBBER &amp; LATEX

LOGISTICS

DISTRIBUTION

LABORATORIES











Polymer







































STRATEGIC SPOTLIGHT

     Corrie MacColl



A PARTNER in POLYMERS

At Corrie MacColl, we take a modern approach to fair and sustainable value creation in the origination 

and distribution of the vital material that is natural rubber. As a sustainable model corporate citizen, we are  

extensively invested in ecological conservation, economic growth and social development. Our rubber 

is grown, sourced and produced to the highest quality, matching supply and demand with as little 

impact as possible.

We are consciously positioned to serve today’s rubber consumer through our customer-centric 

merchandising model. Demand for made-to-measure rubber for use in diverse, premium and specialty 

applications is fulfilled by our entrenched position in key procurement and distribution markets and 

custom-made delivery programmes to customers.

Our products are delivered to over 1,000 customers in 350 cities through our second-to-none logistical 

assets, flanked by our dedicated technical advisory and support unit.

We supply Natural Latex for the annual production of

















All figures above are based on Corrie MacColl’s analysis of sales and customer information and IRSG data.

Global Latex

Market Share

9%

Global Latex

Market Share ex China

11%

USA Non-Tyre

Market Share

24%





Outgrower programme targeting in excess 

of 10,000 smallholders, preserving and 

improving quality of human life through 

secured income and food security

Trusted partners in rubber with globally diversified, 

deep-seated relationships with premium suppliers, 

fulfilling all footprints of customer requirements

Entrenched position in key distribution markets 

serving a diversified range of customers with 

demand for made-to-measure rubber

Our plantations drive positive change through  

third-party certified, all-encompassing social  

and environmental standards, securing rural

development and ecological conservation

Value commitment through extensive midstream 

investment in technical infrastructure and logistical 

assets second-to-none in the industry

25,000-hectare biodiversity reserve for 

ecological conservation

 870,000

Mattresses 

32

Million

Metres of Medical

Tubing 

3.9

          Billion 

 Balloons 

 3 

          Billion 

 Condoms 

60

          Million 

                 Catheters 

Sales And Volume Data 

400,000mT

Distribution Volume

20,000mT

Factory Production

Company Data

1,000

 Customers in 350 Cities 

8,000

Dedicated Employees in 19 Cities

GRI CODE \ 102-2 \ 102-7 \ 103-1 \ 103-2 \ 103-3

GRI CODE \ 102-2 \ 102-7 \ 103-1 \ 103-2 \ 103-3

196,000

Pallets Shipped

23 \

\ 24


Appx. 1,900 containers to

the rest of the world

(Inter Africa, South America)

South America to U.S.

800 x 20ft containers

2,900 km one way per container

South East Asia to Europe

4,200 x 20ft containers

16,000 km one way per container

West Africa to South America

600 x 20ft containers

10,000 km one way per container

West Africa to U.S. East Coast

Cda ca. 1,500 x 20ft containers

9,800 km one way per container

West Africa to Southern Europe

1,250 x 20ft containers

8,500 km one way per container

South East Asia to China

1,000 x 20ft containers

4,600 km one way per container

West Africa to U.S. East Coast

Cda ca. 6,000 x 20ft containers

20,000 km one way per container

OUR GLOBAL DISTRIBUTION BUSINESS







































CORRIE MACCOLL



Plantations



Corrie MacColl Plantations (CMP) develops and manages 110,000 hectares (ha) of rubber plantations  

in Malaysia and Cameroon of which almost 40,000 ha are planted. 2018’s output was 19,000 mT with a  

10-year plan to reach full capacity. This will be enhanced by yield maximisation through the implementation 

of our highest agronomical and collection standards as well as the maturing of our trees.

CMP is a non-traditional plantation operator. We have taken a thoughtful, measured and considered approach 

to investing in a viable future not only for rubber, but for the environment and communities in which we 

operate. We recently set-up a 25,000 ha protected biodiversity reserve, as part of our drive for ecological 

conservation. Our endeavour to create responsible, inclusive and sustainable societies is evidenced by 

the establishment of an outgrower programme, directly engaging with surrounding communities. We are 

deeply committed to establishing a benchmark business model capable of concurrently providing rural 

development, ecological conservation and adequate shareholder returns.

Sustainability Council

2019 will see the formation of a Sustainability Council with members representing business and industry, 

community leaders, NGOs and relevant government representatives.

The role of the Council is to bring together multi-stakeholder groups throughout the entire value chain, 

and to monitor the Group’s sustainability standards, provide expert opinion and advise on the Group’s  

implementation of its Sustainable Natural Rubber Supply Chain Policy (SNRSCP) and other external party 

recommendations. An updated Environmental and Social Impact Assessment will be conducted in 2019,  

in partnership with NGOs.

Outgrower Programme

Investment has been focused on a large scale outgrower programme aimed at empowering in excess of 

10,000 smallholders. Up to 27,000 ha has been selected, consisting of degraded forest, fallow land, old 

rubber plantations and converted crops belonging to landowners surrounding our plantations. Through 

direct engagement with surrounding local villagers, the programme will finance and assist the development 

of smallholder rubber crops. CMP will leverage its agronomical expertise by teaching plantation best 

practices while adding a secured source of income through a commitment to purchasing the raw material.  

Now in its final development stage, the programme targets the initial planting of 500 ha in 2019.  

Land within High Conservation Value or High Carbon Stock areas will be exempted from clearing or  

felling, and appropriate land deeds must be secured prior to development.

The programme brings with it many opportunities. It will enable CMP to educate and empower local 

communities on a large scale. The teaching of agronomical practices and guaranteed purchasing of the 

raw material is in line with CMP’s drive towards the long-term employment of local Cameroonians. The 

vision of developing latex based smallholders will increase the value of their product and therefore their 

income. The programme will also involve cultivation of additional crops within areas not feasible for rubber. 

This will integrate a food security programme into smallholder development, encourage trade between 

farmers and create an opportunity for income during immaturity periods. As for CMP’s business, our fully 

traceable rubber currently seen only within our plantations will be extended to outgrower rubber, paving 

the way for similar engagement with smallholders, worldwide.

Global Distribution



Corrie MacColl International (CMI), our distribution, logistics and technical support unit employs over 

150 people, located across 19 cities globally. Our customer focused, value-add model concentrates 

primarily on the non-tyre &amp; specialty-tyre sector. 

Strategically located across key markets, our distribution team is broken down into regional champions, 

a dedicated synthetic rubber provider and a specialised technical marketing business. This allows for a  

customer-centric approach in delivering our products from supplier to the doorstep of our customers. 

In 2018, our teams distributed a total of 400,000 mT to over 1,000 customers in more than 60 countries. 

Our made-to-measure rubber for use in diverse, premium and specialty applications were used by 

manufacturers across industries including medical, mattresses, adhesives, roofing &amp; paving, balloons 

and conveyor belts, just to name a few. Our entrenched position in key markets with custom-made 

delivery programmes to customers, and our value commitment evidenced through extensive investment 

in technical infrastructure and incomparable logistical assets in the industry, makes us the global leader 

in specialty rubber distribution.

Our key markets are served by our regional champions Wurfbain Polymer (WB) and Alan L Grant (ALG),  

Europe and America respectively, for all things natural rubber, rubber chemicals and ancillary products.  

Our global, specialised technical marketing business, Centrotrade, assumed exclusive rights to the  

distribution of CMP’s business, while serving their key customers with third-party sourced rubber 

and latex. Momentum Technologies International (MTI) is our dedicated synthetic rubber provider, 

primarily focused on the American market. Together, the teams distributed 149,000 mT of latex, 219,000 

mT of dry rubber and 35,000 mT of synthetic rubber globally.

 

GRI CODE \ 102-2 \ 102-7 \ 203-1 \ 413-1 \ 103-1 \ 103-2 \ 103-3

GRI CODE \ 102-2 \ 102-7 \ 103-1 \ 103-2 \ 103-3

25 \

\ 26


















































In 2018, CMI accounted for over 20,000 container deliveries. Our centrally managed logistics department 

oversees product transfer from point of origination to customer delivery. In our target markets,  

we have a suite of network services to meet the diverse requirements of our clients.

Kelvin Terminals, our natural and synthetic latex storage terminal located in the Terneuzen, Netherlands, is  

Europe’s leading tank installation, with capacity to hold up to 6,500 mT. Our strategic positioning means  

just-in-time delivery to the Benelux Union in under 24 hours, and the remainder of Europe in under  

72 hours.

Our American latex customers are served by three latex terminals strategically located in Baltimore 

(1,900 mT), Norfolk (1,200 mT) and Savannah (2,300 mT). To support our dry rubber distribution, we 

operate a dedicated warehouse in Richmond, Virgina with 2,600 mT capacity and a 150 mT hot room 

used to bring any rubber delivered during winter months, back to optimum temperature.

The last addition to our support services is Momentum Technologies Laboratories (MTL). This year, US$1 

million was committed to expanding the existing synthetic rubber facility in Akron through an investment in 

a natural rubber and latex laboratory. With our dedicated and centralised technical advisory and support unit, 

the state-of-the-art facility has the capabilities to formulate, design and test rubber, provide certification 

of analysis as well as custom mix compounds. Being third-party accredited by A2LA allows for peace of 

mind and confidence for customers and stakeholders that all results are held to a higher standard and kept 

in complete confidence. Having the laboratory is key to supporting the full gamut of technical services for 

our partners.

Solar Power Project

Kelvin Terminals is currently undergoing a capacity expansion of 50% and refurbishment of the office 

and laboratory complex. At the same time, the terminal is taking the opportunity to dramatically reduce its 

carbon footprint through investment in photo-voltaic solar panels to generate its own electricity, and also 

in air-source heat pumps to cut its dependence on diesel as the main source of heating for both the latex 

storage tanks and the site office and laboratory complex.

126 solar panels are being installed on the roof of the new tank hall, with a predicted output capacity 

of 51,000 kWh per annum. On completion of the project in early 2019, the terminal will be capable of 

producing close to 100% of the electrical energy required to power all site operations. At the same time 

the existing diesel oil fuelled boiler, which provides heat to maintain the temperature of the latex in the 

terminal, will be replaced by a series of air-source heat pumps. Powered by our renewable solar energy, 

these will completely eliminate our dependence on fossil fuels in Terneuzen. In terms of carbon footprint, 

our emissions in 2019 are forecast to be reduced by 93% from 2017 and 2018 levels. As we increase our 

imports from certified CO₂-neutral latex sources, our next target is to be able to maintain that carbon-

neutrality on delivery from our tank facilities, or even on a delivered customer basis.

Europe and America saw large volumes of 127,000 mT and 125,000 mT respectively. Across both 

markets, our latex distribution saw a commanding market share, what we put down to our deep-

seated relationships with premium suppliers. In Asia, the majority of rubber delivered into the non-tyre 

&amp; specialty-tyre sector is purchased direct from suppliers. We delivered a total of 77,000 mT of which 

the majority was latex (60,000 mT) and concentrated mainly in the China and Malaysia markets. Other 

key destinations include Turkey, South Africa and South America, notably Brazil.

Logistics, Technical &amp; Laboratories



GRI CODE \ 102-2 \ 102-7 \ 103-1 \ 103-2 \ 103-3

GRI CODE \ 102-2 \ 102-7 \ 103-1 \ 103-2 \ 103-3

27 \

\ 28


CHANGING THE GAME

In our 2017 Sustainability Report, we wrote about how the natural rubber industry is not sustainable at 

current market prices. Volatility has to be reduced, and the traditional natural rubber supply chain has to 

change. In August 2018, we incorporated HeveaConnect, a digital marketplace for sustainably-processed  

natural rubber that could help restore fair prices that truly reflect the cost of supply of a critical resource, 

where all natural rubber stakeholders, be it farmers, producers or consumers, can benefit. In 2018,  

South East Asia’s largest financial institution DBS Bank announced their partnership with us in 

HeveaConnect. By March of this year, Japan’s leading trading house ITOCHU Corporation and two 

natural rubber processors in Indonesia and Thailand confirmed their adoption of HEVEAPRO, to be sold 

on HeveaConnect.

HeveaConnect intends to set the industry standard in the natural rubber supply chain — HEVEAPRO at the 

factory level, HEVEAGROW at the farmer level and HEVEATRACE which will map the source of the raw 

material used in the production of HEVEAPRO, from tree to the customer.







































STRATEGIC SPOTLIGHT

     HeveaConnect



HeveaConnect will provide price visibility and fair pricing, as well as a responsible and traceable supply 

chain, helping to address Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) factors of material to us. Last but  

not least, HeveaConnect will provide the tools to help ensure the implementation of our Sustainable 

Natural Rubber Supply Chain Policy across the value chain. Please do visit HeveaConnect’s website for 

more details and updates.







































THE BOTTOM LINE



In 2018, following the strategic review of the assets arising from the acquisition of GMG Global and 

SINRIO, three business segments were set up according to key customer segments:

 

• Halcyon Rubber Company (HRC)

 

• Sinochem International Rubber Investment Overseas (SINRIO)

 

• Corrie MacColl Group

As part of the review, we identified opportunities for the divestment of non-core assets in SIAT S.A (SIAT),  

a former associate of the Group. The proceeds from the disposal were partially reinvested into 

numerous bolt-on acquisitions in 2018 such as:

 

• Completion of the purchase of the Corrie MacColl Group, which houses Alan L Grant, Momentum  

 

 

Technologies International, Kelvin Terminals and Wurfbain Polymer

 

• Completion of the purchase of five rubber factories in two separate transactions into HRC

These investments further strengthen Halcyon’s position as the world’s leading natural rubber supply chain 

manager. The businesses of HRC and Corrie MacColl acquired in FY2018 contributed about 61,000 mT and 

205,000 mT in terms of sales volume respectively to the Group (c.19% of total Group FY2018 sales volume). 

They also contributed a combined US$12.8 million of operating profit to the Group in FY2018.

Operating Results

Equipped with the contribution of the acquisitions made in FY2018, the Group reported a third  

consecutive year of record-high sales volume in FY2018 of 1,432,335 mT, which is 16.7% higher than 

1,227,027 mT in the previous year. However, revenue dropped by 0.8%, from US$2,158.4 million in FY2017 to 

US$2,141.0 million in FY2018 reflecting the depressed market price levels. As a comparison, the average 

2018 SICOM TSR20 market price per metric tonne was US$1,365, 17% lower than the average 2017 market 

price of US$1,647.

As the average selling prices decreased our margins came under pressure, resulting in FY2018 gross profits 

of US$118.4 million, 21.3% lower than that of US$150.6 million recorded in FY2017. Our operating profits 

decreased 92.4% from US$59.3 million recorded in FY2017 to US$4.5 million in FY2018, which is caused 

by the reduction in gross profit as abovementioned, coupled with the absence of FY2017 one-off gains of 

US$21.5 million.

The effect of margin compression, the absence of one-off gains, as well as the non-recurrence of share 

of associates’ profits, resulted in our EBITDA dropping from US$64.9 million in FY2017 to US$36.2 million 

in FY2018. Net financing costs have decreased 6.6% year-on-year from US$22.7 million to US$21.3 million, 

mainly due to the replacement of S$125 million medium-term notes in FY2017 with US$150 million worth  

of perpetual securities. 

The above factors resulted in a loss per share of 0.53 U.S. cents in FY2018, a reversal from 1.95 U.S. cents 

earnings per share in FY2017.

GRI CODE \ 102-2 \ 102-7 \ 102-9 \ 103-1 \ 103-2 \ 103-3

29 \

\ 30




1 Working capital employed for the Group is defined as the sum of operational trade and other receivables, net derivative  

 

assets, pledged deposits and inventories, netted off against trade and other payables. In Dec-18, loan receivable from  

 

third-party has been reclassified from non-core assets.

2 Operational long term assets of the Group are defined as intangible assets, property, plant and equipment, plantation  

 

and biological assets, other non-current assets, net off against non-current liabilities. In Dec-18, plantation assets and  

 

Property, Plant &amp; Equipment (PPE) in Malaysia have been reclassified from non-core assets.

3 Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the cash flow statement.

4 Non-core assets as at Dec-18 include investment properties only. As at Dec-17, non-core assets include investment  

 

properties, loan receivable from third-party and plantation assets &amp; PPE located in Malaysia.

 

(US$ million) 

31-Dec-18 

31-Dec-17

 

Working capital employed 1 

539.4 

427.7

 

Working capital loans 

520.4 

207.6

 

% Efficiency of Working Capital Funding 

96.5% 

48.5%

 

Operational long term assets 2 

938.7 

718.1

 

Term loans 

391.6 

403.0

 

% Fixed Asset Gearing 

41.7% 

56.1%

 

Cash and cash equivalents 3 

122.9 

153.4

 

Non-core assets 4 

46.8 

144.5

 

Total Equity (excluding Perpetual Securities) 

587.2 

684.5

 

Perpetual Securities 

148.7 

148.7

 

Total Equity (including Perpetual Securities) 

735.9 

833.2



Balance Sheet

Our net assets have reduced from US$833.2 million in 2017 to US$735.9 million in 2018 mainly due to the 

following factors:

 

• Strengthening of U.S. Dollars vs local currency resulting in foreign currency translation losses

 

• Distribution of a final and a special dividend of SG cents 0.01 each as well as distributions to  

 

 

holders of perpetual securities

 

• Full year loss in FY2018

The Group has a stable funding base where financing tenors are matched, cash balances are unencumbered 

and fixed assets are sustainably financed. 

The table below summarises management’s assessment of the Group’s capital structure:

The increase in efficiency of working capital funding was due to a lower working capital loan balance 

in Dec-17, as disposal proceeds from divestitures were used to temporarily free up headroom for debt 

facilities, to be redrawn later on to fund working capital of new investments of the Group.

Fixed asset gearing has reduced from Dec-17 to Dec-18, representing the Group’s commitment to 

continue to finance investments in longer-gestation projects through equity.

The Group continues to explore options to deleverage, including listing of the Corrie MacColl Group on 

the London Stock Exchange.

CHART 1

REVENUE







2,158.4

USD in millions



970.5

FY 2016

FY 2017

2,141.0

FY 2018

2,500.0

2,000.0

1,500.0

1,000.0

500.0

CHART 2

SALES VOLUME







1,227.0

Sales Volume (in thousand mT)



713.5

FY 2016

FY 2017

1,432.2

FY 2018

1,600

1,400

1,200

1,000

800

600

400

200

CHART 3

PROFITABILITY

51.5

150.6

118.4

76.3

59.2

48.5

34.5

USD in millions

FY 2017

FY 2016

FY 2018



  160.0

140.0

120.0

100.0

80.0

60.0

40.0

20.0

4.5

(13.4)

Gross Profit

Operating Profit/(Loss)

PAT

CHART 4

ASSET BASE



980.2

827.9

569.3

769.7

1,100.0

1,000.0

900.0

800.0

700.0

600.0

500.0

400.0

300.0

200.0

100.0

USD in millions

FY 2017

FY 2016

FY 2018

715.4

89.3

1,044.9

Non-current 

Assets

Current

Assets

Held for Sale

Assets

















Corrie MacColl

HRC

SINRIO

Total

USD in Million

2018

2017

2018

2017

2018

2017

2018

2017

Sales Volume (kmT)

388.9 

247.7

523.8

626.0

570.7

626.3

1,432.3

1,227.0

Revenue

631.5

421.3

742.9

1,061.0

837.4

1,126.9

2,141.0

2,158.4

Gross Profit

46.3

25.9

18.9

88.7

53.3

36.0

118.4

150.6

Operating Profit/(Loss)

14.2

9.2

(24.6)

45.4

6.9

(10.2)

4.5

59.2

EBITDA

21.1

15.0

(11.4)

57.9

15.2

(1.8)

36.2

64.9

Note: Intragroup elimination column and corporate segment not displayed separately. 

Please refer to Note 33 in the consolidated financial statements for details where relevant.

Cash Flows

Our cash inflows from operations (before working capital changes) is US$41.4 million, a decrease from 

US$58.5 million in the previous year, due to lower profits in FY2018. The working capital continues to be 

funded by working capital loans.

The Group recorded a net cash outflow of investing activities of US$201.2 million in FY2018 against net cash 

inflow of US$113.4 million in FY2017, mainly due to the nature of the capital transactions that took place 

– in which the proceeds from the divestment in SIAT stake in FY2017 are recycled to fund acquisitions of 

Corrie MacColl and the five Indonesian rubber factories in FY2018. In the interim, the divestment proceeds 

were used to pare down FY2017 loan balances (along with the proceeds from the issuance of perpetual 

securities), resulting in lower net cash inflow from financing activities in FY2017. These proceeds have been 

redrawn in FY2018 to fund the abovementioned acquisitions.

31 \

\ 32






 EBITDA

 Corrie MacColl 

US$ 

21.1m

 HRC 

US$ 

(11.4)m

 SINRIO 

US$ 

15.2m





 Gross Profit

 Corrie MacColl 

US$ 

46.3m

 HRC 

US$ 

18.9m

 SINRIO 

US$ 

53.3m





 Total Equity

 Corrie MacColl 

US$ 

429.0m

 HRC 

US$ 

63.4m

 SINRIO 

US$ 

140.7m





 Revenue

 Corrie MacColl 

US$ 

631.5m

 HRC 

US$ 

742.9m

 SINRIO 

US$ 

837.4m





 Total Assets

 Corrie MacColl 

US$ 

1008.3m

 HRC 

US$ 

614.5m

 SINRIO 

US$ 

368.0m





 Sales Volume

 Corrie MacColl 

 388.9 k mT

 HRC 

 523.8 k mT

 SINRIO 

 570.7 k mT





 Operating Return on Assets

 Corrie MacColl 

 

1.4%

 HRC 

 

(4.0%)

 SINRIO 

 

1.9%





 Operating Return on Total Equity

 Corrie MacColl 

 

3.3%

 HRC 

 

(38.8%)

 SINRIO 

 

4.9%





 Operating Profit/(Loss)

 Corrie MacColl 

US$ 

14.2m

 HRC 

US$    (24.6)m

 SINRIO 

US$ 

6.9m





























































































































MITIGATION MEASURES

• Transact only with creditworthy customers

   or counterparties 

• Periodic review of credit terms granted

• Credit insurance to protect against potential default

• Manage liquidity by matching fund’s sources 

   and usages 

• Maintain sufficient headroom on unutilised 

   committed banking facilities at all times

• Utilise different future markets and

   physical markets to mitigate  

• Daily reports on market positioning to facilitate

   management’s decision-making process

• Matching of cash availability with the 

   repayment terms of facilities

• Actively monitor interest rate trends

• Monitor exchange rate movements on an 

   ongoing basis 

• Employ hedging instruments to manage the 

   exposure if required

In-house team of experienced plantation staff, 

supported by the services of qualified 

professionals as required for planting/

replanting matters

• Leverage the expertise and knowledge of local 

   management and consultants to actively 

   monitor the social and political risks

• Ensure effective risk mitigation measures are 

   implemented in a timely manner

• Consult with internal and external legal advisors

• Proactively engage in discussions with local 

   governments, regulators and industry leaders

IMPACT





























































• Customer defaults resulting in 

   loss of revenue

• Breach of counterparty obligation 

   resulting in additional costs 

Insufficient working capital 

resulting in inability to meet 

obligations on time which 

impacts the Group’s reputation





















Interest rate hikes could increase 

the Group’s financing costs, 

which would negatively impact the 

Group’s results as well as liquidity

Inadequate hedging and 

unfavourable movements  

in exchange rates resulting in 

FX losses

Inefficient asset utilisation and 

lost profits as the Group would 

have to procure from third-party 

sources to make up for the 

suboptimal yield of existing trees

Improper management of 

such issues could tarnish 

the Group’s reputation

Failure to comply with local laws 

and regulations may result in the 

Group being involved in litigations 

pertaining to claims and disputes

Exposure to price volatility 

directly impacts the Group’s 

profitability







CAUSES





























































• Adverse market movements and  

 change in supply and demand  

 equation

• Inadequate screening of the

   customer and counterparty

Longer lead time for  

working capital





















Macroeconomic outlook, 

currency movement, political 

and geopolitical disruptions

Macroeconomic outlook, 

currency movement, political 

and geopolitical disruptions

Unpredictable planting/

replanting conditions (e.g. soil 

and weather conditions, 

plant diseases and pests)

Socio-economic and political 

development (e.g. issues of labour 

laws, human rights, environmental 

protection) that have serious 

impact on local population

Not updated with changes of 

legal and regulatory requirements 

in respective geographical 

locations

Weather, currency movements, 

future market activities, market 

interventions, political and 

geopolitical disruptions



































































CREDIT AND COUNTER PARTY RISK

Customer defaults and 

counterparty’s failure to 

meet contractual obligations

LIQUIDITY RISK

Insufficient liquidity to consistently 

meet obligations as well as to

cater to changing business models





















INTEREST RATE RISK

Fluctuation in interest rate 

for loans and borrowings

FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK

Fluctuation in forex rates

BIOLOGICAL ASSETS RISK

Suboptimal performance of 

biological assets

SOCIAL AND POLITICAL RISK

Risk of changes in socio-economic 

and political climate

LEGAL AND COMPLIANCE RISK

The Group operates in many 

different geographic locations with 

diverse cultures and local customs

PRICE RISK

Fluctuations in the price of natural 

rubber and rubber products

RISK







Segmental Review

Corrie MacColl

The bottom line contribution from Corrie MacColl to the Group 

has improved from the previous year, due to the results of the 

acquired businesses and subsidiaries. The expanded market 

presence further strengthened our market positioning in the 

regional latex and natural rubber market, leading to improved 

operating profits from US$9.2 million to US$14.2 million.

HRC

Despite additional revenue contribution from the 2018 acquired 

subsidiaries, scarcity of raw materials, especially in Indonesia, not 

only limited the output of the segment but also resulted in margin 

compression as higher prices were paid to secure raw material 

supply, to fulfil our sales commitments.

This has resulted in HRC reporting an operating loss of US$24.6 

million in FY2018, in comparison to operating profit of US$45.4 

million in FY2017.

SINRIO

This segment generated positive returns in FY2018, mainly due 

to the adoption of selective selling strategies, with a focus on 

profitability instead of volume. While segmental volume and 

revenue has decreased year-on-year, SINRIO has reversed from an 

operating loss of US$10.2 million in FY2017, to turn in an operating 

profit of US$6.9 million in FY2018.

Risk Management

Risk is intrinsic to our business and risk management is imperative to business sustainability. The Group 

proactively manages risks and embeds the risk management process into the Group’s planning, decision-

making process as well as its day-to-day operations. Our risk registers are reviewed continuously to ensure 

any necessary risk treatments are addressed and updated.

 

The risk registers are presented to the company’s Audit Committee, highlighting significant risks, measures 

taken by the management and residual risk exposures that have an impact on the Group. Our risk management 

policy is enhanced on an ongoing basis to match the expanded scale and scope of our business.

GRI CODE \ 102-11

33 \

\ 34














E  - Environment

G - Governance

S  - Social

Halcyon Agri’s Materiality Matrix

Occupational 

Health &amp; Safety

Waste &amp; Effluent 

Management

Community Investment 

&amp; Empowerment

Biodiversity Protection 

&amp; Conservation

Ethics &amp; Compliance

Fair, Responsible &amp; 

Inclusive Employment 

Increasing Importance to Stakeholders

Increasing Importance to Business Success

Price Visibility &amp; 

Fair Pricing in Supply Chain

Responsible &amp; 

Traceable Supply Chain

Industry Standards for 

Sustainable Product Offering

Energy Consumption

&amp; Management



























 

Price Visibility and Fair Pricing in Supply Chain

 

The key narrative of Halcyon’s sustainability drive. The reason for the development of HeveaConnect, for sustainably  

 

processed natural rubber at fair prices where all natural rubber stakeholders from smallholders to consumers  

 

can benefit.

 

Responsible and Traceable Supply Chain

 

A key element of Halcyon’s sustainability policy and GPSNR principles. Progress on Rubberway, a risk assessment  

 

tool for raw material source jointly developed with Michelin, will be reported together with raw material tracing to  

 

source through HEVEATRACE which feeds into HeveaConnect.

 

Occupational Health and Safety

 

A crucial issue due to the labour intensive nature of our factory and plantation operations. Keeping track of  

 

occupational injury and disease rate statistics is important as we constantly work towards improving working  

 

conditions. The implementation of HEVEAPRO’s EHS standards has helped reduce occupational incident and  

 

injury rates.

 

Waste and Effluent Management

 

Water is a crucial component of natural rubber processing with high amounts of sludge/waste generated.  

 

This report shares statistics on waste generated, disposed and recycled at an operational level. This report also  

 

shares statistics on the volume of water used in operations and recycled as well as effluent discharge parameters.

 

Community Investment and Empowerment

 

A key element of the Halcyon Global Village, our corporate social responsibility programme where we support  

 

activities financially as well as with volunteering. On top of our regular Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities  

 

at factory and plantation level, Halcyon Agri supports Sports for the Disabled at a corporate level. 

 

Biodiversity Protection and Conservation

 

A primary focus of Halcyon’s sustainability policy and GPSNR principles. This report will discusses the set up of the  

 

Sustainability Council for the Cameroonian operations and activities at SudCam and HeveCam. 

 

Industry Standards for Sustainable Product Offering

 

The vision for HeveaConnect is to set the industry standards for sustainable natural rubber. HEVEAPRO, 

 

HEVEAGROW and HEVEATRACE standards provide the tools to help ensure the implementation of Halcyon’s  

 

sustainability policy.

 

Energy Consumption and Management

 

Energy is a crucial element of natural rubber processing. This report discusses our energy emissions and the steps  

 

we take to manage our energy use better to minimise greenhouse gas emissions. 

 

Ethics and Compliance

 

Anti-corruption is included in our sustainability policy and is one of the 12 GPSNR principles. We share  

 

mechanisms we have in place to ensure compliance with business ethics and code of conduct.

 

Fair, Responsible and Inclusive Employment

 

Factory operations are human-intensive, and as a large employer with a workforce of more than 16,000 factory  

 

and plantation workers, we must address issues of minimum wage, child and forced labour.

Our Material ESG factors 

The table below describes each ESG factor. Examples of activities or projects relating to the ESG factors are 

shown throughout this report. 







































SUSTAINABILITY



Materiality Assessment

In 2017, we performed a peer benchmarking assessment of sustainability-related disclosures to 

generate a list of potential material matters. There were 12 material Environmental, Social and 

Governance (ESG) factors approved by the Board and in 2018, we further deliberated and prioritised 

on the most material sustainability matters. The Board having considered sustainability issues as 

part of its strategic formulation, determined the 10 material ESG matters shown here, and the 

Board will continue to oversee the management and monitoring of these issues.

GRI CODE \ 102-47

GRI CODE \ 102-47 \ 103-1 \ 103-2 \ 103-3

35 \

\ 36














Our Employees 

•  Fair employment practices with no discrimination 

•  Annual performance review and feedback sessions

•  Ensure country employment laws and regulations are followed

•  Stringent occupational health and safety measures in place 

•  Proper grievance and whistleblowing procedures in place with 

 assurance of confidentiality and appropriate actions taken

•  Internal communication and sharing of updates amongst the 

 countries and subsidiaries through various channels

•  Training and career development programmes 

•  CSR activities and social activities

•  Collective bargaining agreement with factory workers

The Smallholders 

•  Land rights

•  Rubber prices volatility 

•  No child labour

•  Infrastructure projects to improve access and safety 

•  Training on proper usage of agricultural methods, pesticides and  

 fertilisers to address concerns with low yield and diseases

•  Traceability projects

Regulatory bodies, governments, 

industry associations and certification bodies

• Timely disclosure of sustainability issues via various channels

• Compliance with rules and regulation

• Regulatory updates

• Renewals of certifications

• Site assessments to update certifications

• Communication of sustainability and business updates in 

 our Annual Reports, Sustainability Reports and website

The financial community: financial institutions, 

investors, regulators, analysts and shareholders

•  Financial reporting through varous channels 

•  Risk management, compliance with laws and regulations

•  Transparency and comprehensive reporting through various channels

•  Ethical business practices

•  Timely disclosure of information thorugh various channels.  

 Channels include company newsletter, website, press release,  

 quarterly briefings, industry talks, interviews, AGM and EGM

Our Customers

• Transparency and accountability from us 

•  Consistent, quality and efficient delivery 

•  Meeting their sustainability policies 

•  Quality and price of the product

•  Supply chain resilience

•  Reduce environmental risks

•  Response to criticisms from NGOs through various channels 

•  On-site assessment of our factories and plantations at their 

 own timeframe

Our Community

•  Well-being of the local community

•  Reduce environmental and societal risks

•  Education campaigns on health issues

•  CSR programmes along our 7 pillars to address concerns raised 

•  Infrastructure projects 

•  Meetings with community leaders

Our Suppliers

• Market price, market access, rubber prices 

• Education about how to prevent diseases

• Training on proper usage of agricultural methods, 

 pesticides and fertilisers

• Training on health &amp; safety and environment protection

The Civil Society

•  Deforestation concerns

•  Land and indigenous rights concerns

•  Free Prior and Informed Consent (FPIC) process

•  Biodiversity conservation 

•  No political affiliations

•  Open letters and responses posted on our websites 

•  Communication and meetings with NGOs 

•  WWF visit to plantation and villages 



































BOARD OF DIRECTORS







THE MANAGEMENT







REMUNERATION 

COMMITTEE







CEO







NOMINATION

COMMITTEE







AUDIT COMMITTEE







STRATEGY AND

INVESTMENT COMMITTEE

Stakeholder Engagement

Our stakeholders are those who have a considerable influence on our business, and whom our business has 

a significant impact on, socially and economically. Our economic and social role is tied to our capacity to 

create value through a multi-stakeholder approach. The table below shows eight groups of stakeholders and 

the impact and significance of each of them. Examples are shown throughout this report on our approach 

to our stakeholders. Our 2017 Sustainability Report provides more details on methods of engagement  

and frequency.

Maintaining Sound Corporate Governance

We are committed to upholding the highest standards of corporate governance to create long-term 

shareholder value. Under the Board’s leadership, six key capitals – financial, manufacturing, intellectual, 

human, social and natural capital are allocated efficiently and productively in the best interests of our 

shareholders and other stakeholders. We adhere to all material principles and guidelines of the Code 

of Corporate Governance 2012, the disclosure guide developed by the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (SGX-ST), and all other applicable laws, rules and regulations. We also engage proactively 

with regulators, governments, industry leaders and industry associations to understand the local legal 

requirements across the jurisdictions where we operate. The details of the Group’s corporate governance 

practices can be found in Book Two of the 2018 Corporate Report.

Corporate Governance Structure

The Board embraces the principle of empowerment. While the Board delegates certain functions to the Chief 

Executive Officer (CEO), Board Committees and Management, the responsibility of overseeing the design, 

implementation and monitoring of the GRI Standards in conformance with the ‘Core’ option and in  

accordance to the SGX Sustainability Reporting Guide, ultimately remains with the Board.

The CEO leads the management of the issues we cover in the GRI Standards that are indivisible from 

the day-to-day operations while Management maintains a structured risk management approach that 

incorporates a continuous process of identification, evaluation and effective management of the risk 

factors. The Board also appoints professional firms to identify impacts, risks, and opportunities, as well as 

conduct comprehensive studies on issues or concerns relating to the GRI risks as and when necessary.

GRI CODE \ 102-40 \ 102-42 \ 102-43 \ 102-44 \ 103-2

GRI CODE \ 102-17 \ 102-18 \ 102-22 \ 102-23 \ 102-26 \ 102-29 \ 102-32

37 \

\ 38










Uphold corporate 

governance

and compliance









Promote ethical

business practices









Maintain a safe

working environment

and nurture and

reward colleagues









Engage responsibly

with our customers, 

suppliers and

partners with integrity









Contribute

to society

and sustainable

environment

Halcyon Agri’s Business Principles







 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019

 

4 

1 

0 

Target: 0

 

0 

0 

0 

Target: 0

 

0 

0 

0 

Target: 0



Focus Areas

Grievances 

Corruption

Whistleblowing

Grievance/Whistleblowing/Corruption Cases 







2017 Performance

0

Zero cases of

non-compliance









2019 Target

0

Zero cases of

non-compliance

To maintain









2018 Performance

0

Zero cases of

non-compliance









2016 Performance

0

Zero cases of

non-compliance



Focus Areas

Corporate Governance

and Economic Aspect

Halcyon Agri Products

Environmental Aspect

Halcyon Agri’s Regulatory Compliance Cases

Ethics and Compliance

We act with integrity, fairness and transparency and we do not tolerate corruption in any form. 

Our business principles underpin how our corporate culture delivers growth and positive contributions to 

the host communities where we operate. The Board oversees these principles, recorded in our standardised 

Global Employee Policy made available and easily accessible by all employees. We encourage our partners 

and suppliers to adhere to the principles by undertaking declarations of commitment to integrate these 

principles into their operations.

 

Furthermore, we hold regular engagement sessions with them to understand any issues they might face in 

integrating these principles in their operations and provide assistance where required. Where needed, we 

will visit our supplier sites to ascertain demonstrable integration of the principles in their operations.







































SUSTAINABILITY



Our employees are also expected to uphold strict standards of ethical business conduct and are made 

aware of the standards through our mandatory induction programmes. As in 2017, we maintained an 

unblemished record of zero confirmed cases of corruption in 2018.  We have a whistleblowing policy 

outlined in our employee handbook. All grievances can be directed to a dedicated email that goes to the 

Audit Committee members. We encourage our employees to raise any concerns relating to suspected 

improprieties. In the event of a reported whistleblowing case, the Audit Committee ensures an investigation 

is instituted followed by the appropriate actions. In 2018, an anonymous letter was mailed to SGX and 

some of our customers. The Board and Management examined the content of the letter to determine the 

grievance. After the investigation, the Board and Management concluded that no action was required as 

there was no concrete accusations of corruption or non-compliance.

 

We recognise the risk of regulatory penalties and the resulting loss of reputation arising from non-

compliance with relevant legal requirements. As we expand rapidly through acquisitions, we proactively 

keep abreast of applicable legal requirements in the countries we operate. In 2018, we did not record any 

material breaches of relevant laws and regulations in our respective jurisdictions of operations.

Global Platform for

Sustainable Natural Rubber (GPSNR)

In October 2018, natural rubber stakeholders convened in Singapore for the ceremonial launch of an 

independent platform to lead improvements in the socio-economic and environmental performance of the 

natural rubber value chain. Halcyon was one of the 18 founding members. Other founding members who 

signed on the GPSNR Member Statement included 11 members of the Tire Industry Project (TIP), Ford Motor 

Company, ITOCHU Corporation, PT Kirana Megatara, SIPEF, The Socfin Group, and Southland Global Pte 

Ltd. In joining the platform, we demonstrate our commitment to the integration of principles for sustainable 

natural rubber into our operational activities. HeveaConnect represents our first step towards a sustainable 

natural rubber supply chain.

Stakeholders including tyre manufacturers, other rubber users, suppliers and processors, vehicle makers 

and NGOs, contributed to the development of the GPSNR. This included alignment on a wide-reaching 

set of priorities for the natural rubber supply chain. The GPSNR will work to harmonise standards across 12 

principles to improve respect for human rights, prevent land-grabbing and deforestation, protect biodiversity 

and water resources, improve yields, and increase supply chain transparency and traceability. Some of these 

principles are reflected in our material ESG factors seen on page 36.

Development of the platform was initiated by the CEOs of the World Business Council for Sustainable 

Development (WBCSD) and TIP in November 2017 and has since been led by a working group of TIP member 

companies. TIP will financially support the platform during start-up and its first two years of operations while 

a paying membership base is being established. The GPSNR, headquartered in Singapore with a dedicated 

secretariat, will maintain its independence. The inaugural GPSNR General Assembly kicked-off operations in 

March 2019.

GRI CODE \ 102-16 \ 102-17 \ 102-18 \ 103-1 \ 103-2 \ 103-3 \ 205-3 \ 307-1 \ 419-1

GRI CODE \ 102-12 \ 103-1 \ 103-2 \ 103-3 \ 205-3 \ 307-1 \ 419-1

39 \

\ 40


Ecosystem protection

To achieve zero-net deforestation and ensure 

responsible cultivation, harvesting and processing 

of natural rubber across the value chain





Good agricultural practices and yield improvement

To promote effective and safe methods to maximise 

yields, including providing training, encouraging 

natural fertilisers and improving environmental 

conservation practices





Responsible land acquisition and use

To promote a socially and environmentally responsible 

value chain and improve the livelihoods and economic 

viability of local communities, ensuring FPIC 

methodology and guidelines are applied





Ethics and transparency

To prevent corruption across the value chain, practice 

free and fair competition and develop a transparent 

grievance mechanism process for all stakeholders





Policy implementation and compliance

To ensure corruption-free and transparent implementation 

and reporting of this policy across the value chain





Traceability

To actively facilitate the development of 

traceability across the supply chain





Working conditions and living environment

To protect the rights of all supply chain 

stakeholders and create a positive 

work environment







































































































01

02

03

04

05

06

07

The Group is committed to adhering to the principles stated in the SNRSCP and providing 

customers with a premium sustainable product. We will also work closely with our suppliers 

to ensure they integrate the principles of the SNRSCP within their operational activities. We 

will send out letters to suppliers to acknowledge and ensure compliance with the principles of 

the SNRSCP in 2019. To monitor compliance with the policy, Halcyon will commission random 

audits as and when required.

Biodiversity Protection and Conservation

World Wildlife Fund (WWF) Visit to SudCam Plantation

In the face of allegations from NGOs, Halcyon invited World Wildlife Fund (WWF) to visit our SudCam 

plantation in Cameroon in August 2018. The visit enabled WWF to gain an understanding of the situation on the 

ground and provide some guidance to SudCam on how to address environmental and social issues and move 

towards a sustainable natural rubber plantation practices. This included gathering background information  

from documentation and discussions with the local communities and SudCam employees.

Sustainable Natural Rubber  

Supply Chain Policy (SNRSCP)

In November 2018, Halcyon launched its Sustainable Natural Rubber Supply Chain Policy (SNRSCP) which 

applies to the Group and other stakeholders with whom Halcyon trades. As the world’s leading supplier of  

natural rubber and the owner of large plantation concessions, we understand our role and obligation to 

minimise impact on the environment while continuing to meet the growing demand for a raw material vital 

to modern life. The policy addresses seven principles:

In summary, the villages reported improved relations with SudCam since it was acquired by Halcyon.

The local communities acknowledged that Halcyon has contributed to local development by implementing 

drinking water facilities, building rubber training centres, constructing primary schools and a well-resourced 

hospital as well as fostering greater dialogue. The villages did express dissatisfaction with certain aspects of 

SudCam’s engagement, especially the lack of access to employment within SudCam operations. SudCam 

continues to provide jobs to riverine communities. Currently, 178 out of the 841 workers of SudCam are 

from neighbouring villages. In addition, subcontractors employ more than 1,000 workers, of which the 

majority are from riverine communities. Villagers have access to medical services and are supported in the 

establishment of small-scale rubber plantations. Halcyon will continue collaborating with local communities 

and step up its social investments. SudCam anticipates employing approximately 10,000 workers in the 

coming years. Taking into consideration their families, SudCam would ensure housing and food for about 

50,000 inhabitants.

Local communities expressed concern about the limited space left for their farming activities and the 

collection of forest products and SudCam will work to address this. They absolved SudCam of any direct 

responsibility in restricting their access to land. Land allocation was determined by the Government 

of Cameroon and not SudCam/Halcyon and the process was not aligned with FPIC as defined by the  

UN-REDD Programme. The local communities insisted SudCam should find a solution to the land access 

issue given that the company is the entity now developing the area.

 

All three SudCam concessions are former logging concessions. In line with government regulations, 

a logging company appointed by the government cleared the areas of all economically valuable timber. 

The remaining trees were cleared by SudCam in preparation for planting rubber trees. SudCam is  

reviewing the return of 13,000 ha of its south concession to the government as most of the concession  

is classified as High Conservation Value (HCV) because of its function as an elephant corridor.

 

The full WWF report is published on our website together with the SNRSCP.

Zero-Net Deforestation

Halcyon acknowledges the legacy issues prior to our acquisition of SudCam, particularly regarding access 

to land, limited space for local farming activities and the slow implementation of a concrete environmental 

management plan. Halcyon is committed to achieving zero-net deforestation in all its plantations and will 

implement an integrated landscape management approach in consultation with key environmental and 

social civil society organisations.

All clearing and felling operations have been ceased, until the Sustainability Council has been formed  

and oriented to conduct necessary inquiries. Halcyon remains fully committed to the people of Cameroon 

and will create additional business pathways that enable the development of a local ecosystem of 

smallholders and outgrower farmers complementary to estates in HeveCam and SudCam.

 

Halcyon is working on next steps based on the recommendations of WWF and will share updates in the 

next report.

GRI CODE \ 103-1 \ 103-2 \ 103-3 \ 304-1 \ 304-3

GRI CODE \ 103-1 \ 103-2 \ 103-3 \ 304-1 \ 304-3

41 \

\ 42


















































 Malaysia 

HKB 1 &amp; 2 (Perak) 

• 

• 

• 

 

Platinum

 

JJ (Euroma Kedah) 

• 

• 

 

 

Platinum

 

 

 

 

 

 Indonesia 

SCM (Hock Lie Rantau Prapat) 

• 

 

 

• 

Gold

 

SDH (Hock Lie Sunggal) 

• 

 

 

• 

Silver

 

SCX (Hok Tong I) 

• 

• 

 

• 

Platinum

 

SGO (Hok Tong II) 

• 

• 

 

• 

Gold

 

SDR (Hevea MK I) 

• 

• 

 

• 

Gold

 

SEA (Hevea MK II) 

• 

• 

 

• 

Gold

 

SDQ (Remco Palembang) 

• 

 

 

• 

Gold

 

SCY (Sunan Rubber) 

• 

• 

 

• 

Gold

 

SBG (Remco Jambi) 

• 

• 

 

• 

Gold

 

SCL (Hok Tong Jambi) 

• 

• 

 

• 

Gold

 

KAB (Sumber Djantin Pontianak) 

• 

• 

 

 

Silver

 

KAZ (Hok Tong Pontianak) 

• 

• 

 

• 

Gold

 

KBD (Sumber Alam Pontianak) 

• 

• 

 

 

Silver

 

KBM (GMG Sentosa Pontianak) 

• 

 

 

 

Gold

 

KBE (Sumber Djantin Sambas) 

• 

• 

 

 

Gold

 

KBP (Sumber Djantin Sanggau) 

• 

• 

 

 

Silver

 

KBQ (Bumi Jaya Tanjung) 

• 

• 

 

 

Gold

 

SAR (Pulau Bintan Djaya) 

• 

 

 

 

Silver

 

 

 

 

 

 China 

BX1B (Jinghong) 

• 

• 

• 

 

Gold

 

AX (Hainan) 

• 

• 

 

 

Gold

 

CX (Hainan) 

• 

• 

 

 

Gold

 

 

 

 

 

 Africa 

TRCI (Ivory Coast) 

• 

 

 

 

Gold

 

ITCA (Ivory Coast) 

• 

 

 

• 

Gold

 

HeveCam (Cameroon)  

• 

 

 

 

Gold

 

 

 

 

 

 Thailand 

TBH H8S (Surathani) 

• 

• 

• 

 

Gold

 

TBH H2Y (Yala) 

• 

 

 

 

Gold

 

TBH H6N (Narathiwat) 

• 

 

 

 

Gold

 Country 

Name of Factory 

ISO 9001 

ISO 14001 

ISO 18001 

C-TPAT 

HEVEAPRO TÜV SÜD Rating

Certifications &amp; Industry Standards







01

Quality Standards

02

Environmental,

Health &amp; Safety

03

Social

Responsibility

04

Supply Chain

Security



















Our Four Core Principles

HEVEAPRO and ISO Industry Standards

 

In 2018, we audited all of our factories across four pillars of Quality Standards, Environmental 

Health &amp; Safety, Supply Chain Security and Social Responsibility. Social Responsibility was the  

latest pillar added to the HEVEAPRO standards in 2017, increasing the number of total audit  

points to about 1,000. Three of our factories attained the highest rating of ‘Platinum’ in 2018  

as compared to only one in 2017 after being independently audited by TÜV SÜD.

 

All our factories possess ISO 9001 certification. In 2018, 19 factories were certified ISO 14001. All 

of our Indonesian factories except for the recently acquired ones have ISO 14001 certification.  

We aim to have all factories certified and transited to the ISO 14001: 2015 standards by 2021. 

Factories exporting products to the U.S. have acquired the Customs-Trade Partnership Against 

Terrorism (C-TPAT) certification. Our Indonesia factories have also obtained SNI (Indonesian 

National Standard) certification that ensures safe and quality products are sold to the Indonesian 

market. We further aim to have all our factories certified to ISO 45001: 2018 by the end of 2021.

HEVEAPRO TÜV SÜD Rating:







GRI CODE \ 103-1 \ 103-2 \ 103-3

43 \

\ 44


















































































KECAMATAN

BINTAN UTARA

34

33

29

13

26

21

19

22

20

14

18

17

11

16

16

9

10

1 

2

36 

5

4 

3 

6 

35 

31 

8 

7

32

23

27

25

28

12

24

37

38

39

40

41

KECAMATAN

SRI KUALA LOBAM

KECAMATAN

TELUK SEBONG

KECAMATAN

TELUK BINTAN

KECAMATAN

GUNUNG KIJANG

KECAMATAN

BINTAN TIMUR

KECAMATAN

TOAPAYA

KOTA TANJUNG 

PINANG

Year

2017

2018

Factories

6

8

Intermediaries

313

348

Smallholders

197

334















































CASE STUDY

     Traceability Projects

Bintan Islands, Indonesia

Traceability of our natural rubber supply chain is 

a key principle of our sustainability policy and a 

material ESG factor. In June 2018 we partnered 

CropIn, a digital agriculture solutions provider, 

to conduct traceability studies in Bintan 

Islands. Using the digital application created 

by CropIn, we interviewed smallholder rubber 

farmers with the help of the local government 

using smartphones. Through the exercise, we 

identified 60 farmer groups comprising a total 

of 1,038 smallholder farmers. Only 40 farmer 

groups comprising of about 300 farmers 

remain actively involved in the natural rubber 

trade while the rest tap rubber periodically. 

The mapping of active farmers group in various 

regions of Bintan Islands can be seen in the map.

GPS coordinates were obtained for about 95% of farmer groups. Difficulties were faced in gathering 

information on land size, type of clones planted, average yields, farmer access to electricity and financial 

services. Farmers were also suspicious and apprehensive as to why interviews were being conducted without 

incentives being provided. They were also instructed by their agents and dealers not to disclose information. 

Collecting massive amounts of data through the application was a laborious and tedious process. As such, 

we were not able to obtain sufficient data sets to conduct a feasibility study on traceability. The traceability 

exercise concluded in November 2018.

While we managed to identify our sources of natural rubber in Bintan Islands, the pilot study highlights 

the challenges faced in tracing our natural rubber supply chain. Low rubber prices, convoluted supply 

chains, resistence by incumbents and the lack of technological infrastructure and incentives pose a major 

hindrance to data collection. The next step for Halcyon would be to scale up its traceability efforts by 

initiating such studies in Palembang, Pontianak and Jambi. For the next study, we will seek assistance from 

local NGOs who have on-the-ground expertise in dealing with local communities to secure buy-in.  We 

hope a partnership with an NGO knowledgeable of local rubber communities in Palembang, Pontianak and 

Jambi will help us to overcome the challenges we faced in the pilot.



RUBBERWAY

In 2018, we extended Michelin’s RUBBERWAY programme in Indonesia on risk mapping of the natural 

rubber supply chain to two additional factories; SCM (Hock Lie Rantau Prapat) and SAR (Pulau Bintan Djaya). 

In doing so, we have almost doubled our outreach to smallholder farmers from 197 to 334. As smallholders 

account for up to 80% of total natural rubber production, we plan to develop a detailed roadmap with 

Michelin to scale up the outreach to smallholder farmers. This will be shared in our 2019 report. Reaching 

out to smallholders directly has been a key issue the natural rubber industry is grappling with and we believe 

that the formation of the Global Platform for GPSNR will provide solutions to address the needs for the 

smallholder farmers. Our pilot traceability study in Bintan Islands highlights the problems faced in reaching 

out to smallholder farmers.

Continental and Deutsche Gesellschaft für 

Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ)

In 2017, we signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with Continental and Deutsche Gesellschaft 

für Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ) to pilot a traceability system to increase the traceable production 

of rubber in West Kalimantan over the next three years. In total, 400 farmers will be trained to grow high-

quality rubber by clearly defined sustainability criteria. Continental has secured a vendor to develop an IT 

traceability system to ensure full traceability of raw material from source to factory gate.

 

Prior to signing the MOU, GIZ had conducted a baseline household income study with 200 families on 

agroforestry systems in the Kapuas Hulu district in July 2017. As of mid-2018, around 150 farmers have 

been registered for this project. GIZ is working to bring in more participants and progress has been slow 

due to various reasons, particularly weak rubber prices. GIZ has secured a warehouse for collecting raw 

material within Mentabah village in the Kapuas Hulu District. Farmers will be paid factory gate price at the 

warehouse and payments will be made through bank transfers. The warehouse will be opened for most 

days during the week and IT personnel will be stationed there to collate and enter traceability data into 

the IT system. The raw material will then be transported to Halcyon’s processing facility, KAZ (Hok Tong 

Pontianak). The traced rubber will be segregated at KAZ and used to fulfil Continental’s orders.

 

A training manual has been developed by GIZ on implementation of good agricultural practices, management 

and social and environmental standards. Overarching themes include:

 

• Farm economics

 

• Soil fertility management, location selection, species selection, crop protection, tapping, 

 

 

post-harvest treatment and quality management

 

• Land rights, registration, conflict resolution, local financing opportunities, child labour and  

 

 

formation of farmers’ associations

 

• Scope for income diversification and simple book-keeping

45 \

\ 46








































DEVELOPING

    HUMAN CAPITAL



At Halcyon Agri, we believe in good management and equal opportunity for all. We recognise all 

contributions from our employees and that we must work together to make the company a viable, healthy 

and profitable organisation. We understand that no business or company is free from day-to-day problems 

and hence, we have policies in place to guide us and we share best practices to help resolve issues.























To develop a world-class group of companies serving the  

 rubber industry

To operate with integrity and clear business conscience, 

    and to achieve perfect health, safety and environmental records

To support our customers by providing superior products of exceptional 

   value, which help them gain a competitive advantage in their markets

To sustain our vision and mission by constantly seeking renewal via continuous

    education and learning, and the application of new technologies and skills

To develop diversified markets, which provide stability and adequate financial returns 

    allowing us to achieve our vision and to provide full opportunities for all employees

To provide a pleasant, nurturing and growth-oriented environment, which encourages our 

    employees to be highly productive and to grow personally and professionally

Mission Statement

Halcyon Agri Values

Our values direct how we behave and our approach to achieving our goals:





PERFORMANCE







QUALITY







INTERGRITY







RESPONSIBILITY



GRI CODE \ 102-16





vs





2017 

3,061 





2018 

4,002

Female

Employees









2017 

11,431 

2018 

13,556 

Male

Employees

Total Employees For 2018

Total Employees For 2017





14,492

17,558

21%

Employee Demographics

 

We expanded our presence in the rubber industry as we absorb employees from the Corrie MacColl Group 

as well as employees under the five Indonesian factories acquired in 2018. Our staff strength grew by 21% 

for total full-time employees.

The natural rubber business is a seasonal industry where it is fairly common to have contract workers 

and part-time employees which may not be advantageous to the individual employees as well as to us.  

Female workers are also always in smaller numbers than male workers due to the nature of the industry. 

However, as part of our diversity model in 2018, we increased the total number of female employees across 

most categories.

2018

2017

21%

30%

Growth in Number of Female Employees

2018 New Hire





1,490

Total Male

Turnover Details





2,669

Total New Hire

Male

Total Male &amp; Female

Turnover Details

2,035

Total New Hire

Female





1,226

Total Female 

Turnover Details





545

Total New Hire 

Male &amp; Female

3,895

GRI CODE \ 102-7 \ 102-8 \ 103-1 \ 103-2 \ 103-3 \ 401-1

10,402

12,403

2,732

3,583

712

777

244

345

76

84

241

282

75

78

10

6





RANK &amp; FILE

EXECUTIVES &amp;

SUPERVISORS

SENIOR

MANAGEMENT

MANAGEMENT

RANK &amp; FILE

EXECUTIVES &amp;

SUPERVISORS

SENIOR

MANAGEMENT

MANAGEMENT

2018

2017

2018

2017

47 \

\ 48




Significant Variances

(2017 vs 2018)

2017

2018

-200

-100

0

40

400

80

600

120 160

800

200

JAN

FEB

MAR

APR

SEP

MAY

OCT

JUN

NOV

JUL

DEC

AUG



Employment Contract 2017 vs 2018

(Total Employees)



2017

14,492

2018

17,558

2,000

4,000

6,000

8,000 10,000 12,000 14,000 16,000

2017

2018



Permanent Contract 2017 vs 2018

55

56

115

111

679

453

534

525

148

106

1,856

1,237

113

112

9

9

24

6

10

0

2

0

3

0

67

65

552

503

4,170

3,368

564

496

166

94

5,469

4,432

911

890

19

14

22

8

15

0

6

0

2

0





Singapore

Malaysia

Indonesia

Thailand

China

Cameroon

Ivory Coast

Germany

USA

Netherlands

UK

Vietnam

2017

2018

2017

2018

Temporary Contract 2017 vs 2018

4

3

39

10

170

128

10

5

184

248

43

49

1

3

0

0

0

0

3

0

0

0

0

0

5

6

153

141

1,043

795

12

8

294

395

47

166

32

50

0

0

0

0

7

0

0

0

0

0





Singapore

Malaysia

Indonesia

Thailand

China

Cameroon

Ivory Coast

Germany

USA

Netherlands

UK

Vietnam

2017

2018

2017

2018

Full-Time Employment 2017 vs 2018

58

58

154

121

756

517

544

530

332

232

1,899

1,286

114

115

9

9

24

6

6

0

2

0

3

0

72

71

704

643

4,642

3,653

576

504

460

384

5,516

4,598

943

940

19

14

22

8

22

0

5

0

2

0





Singapore

Malaysia

Indonesia

Thailand

China

Cameroon

Ivory Coast

Germany

USA

Netherlands

UK

Vietnam

2017

2018

2017

2018

Part-Time Employment 2017 vs 2018

1

1

0

0

93

64

0

0

0

122

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

7

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

1

1

571

510

0

0

0

105

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

1

0

0

0





Singapore

Malaysia

Indonesia

Thailand

China

Cameroon

Ivory Coast

Germany

USA

Netherlands

UK

Vietnam

2017

2018

2017

2018

Occupational Health and Safety

We recognise that effective Occupational, Health &amp; Safety (OHS) Management is critical to the success of 

our business. With a large global workforce, we have a responsibility in protecting the health, wellbeing and 

safety of our employees. We are committed to operate our business in an environmentally-sound manner 

and to provide a safe and healthy workplace for all employees, suppliers, contractors and visitors.

 

We made the following commitments:

 

• Incorporate OHS requirements into our business management decisions

 

• Continually improve our OHS performance through setting objectives and regularly monitor them

 

• Hold managers and supervisors accountable for the OHS performance of their facilities and departments

 

• Provide appropriate resources and training

 

Each subsidiary’s Management is responsible for having an OHS management system in place to achieve 

the Group’s overall objectives, namely:

 

• Comply with relevant legal, industry standards and Group corporate requirements

 

• Administer all significant OHS risks through continual improvement in the working environment  

 

 

effective and operational procedures, safe systems and methods of work

 

• Lead a positive organisation culture in which employees value good OHS practices as a way of life

 

All employees are responsible and accountable for achieving the Group’s objectives and are encouraged to 

participate in and contribute to the company OHS management efforts. Our factories have a formal joint 

management-worker OHS committee.

Injury Rate

 

In 2018, our workers spent a total of 30,600,551 hours in our factory and plantation operations. Though our 

overall injury rate increased slightly in 2018 (24) compared to 2017 (22), we saw reductions in injury rates 

across all the countries where we have factory and plantation operations, except for Indonesia. This spike 

in number for Indonesia can be attributed to our newly acquired factories in early 2018, which have yet to 

undergo a full year cycle of our HEVEAPRO standards.

 

Our overall injury lost day rate improved significantly in 2018 (65 in 2018 compared to 115 in 2017). The 

severity of injuries has also reduced resulting in fewer lost-workdays. The improvement is a testament to 

the HEVEAPRO standards adopted over the last two years to manage environmental, health and safety 

aspects in our operations. Moving forward we hope to reduce our overall injury lost day rate to below 50 

and our injury rate to below 20.

 

In 2018, we attempted to monitor our absenteeism rates across all our plantation and factory operations. 

However, we had trouble in collecting accurate data. We are fine-tuning this process to ensure that we 

have data to report on for 2019. 2018 also resulted in zero workplace fatalities across all of Halcyon’s 

factory and plantation operations.

GRI CODE \ 102-7 \ 102-8 \ 103-1 \ 103-2 \ 103-3

GRI CODE \ 103-1 \ 103-2 \ 103-3 \ 403-1 \ 403-2

49 \

\ 50








Action Plan

• Increased training on 

 Occupational Health &amp; 

 Safety and increased 

 awareness creation

• Improve and enhance 

  HEVEAPRO Environmental 

 Health &amp; Safety standards









Target for FY2019

0

fatalities









2018 Performance

0

fatalities









2017 Performance

2

fatalities









2016 Performance

5

fatalities



Workplace Fatalities

Injury Lost Day Rate For Plantation And Factory Operation

700

 600

500

400

300

200

100

0































Malaysia

Indonesia

Thailand

China

Cameroon

Ivory Coast

Average Rate

Injury Lost Day Rate 2017

Injury Lost Day Rate 2018

Injury Lost Day Rate = (Number of days lost as a result of new cases of occupational injury X 1,000,000) / Total hours worked during a specific period

Injury Rate For Plantation And Factory Operation







0

50

100

150

200

250

300

350

Average Rate

Ivory Coast

Cameroon

China

Thailand

Indonesia

Malaysia

Injury Rate 2018

Injury Rate 2017

Injury Rate = (Number of new cases of occupational injury X 1,000,000) / Total hours worked during a specific period

Career Development and Training

In 2018, we proactively started to monitor training hours across our factory and plantation operations 

globally through an online data centre. Training was conducted on chemical safety, confined space work, 

electrical safety, induction for new workers, emergency response &amp; drills, environmental protection control, 

fire prevention &amp; protection, first aid, working at height, road safety, personal protective equipment (PPE) 

usage &amp; maintenance, personal hygiene &amp; sanitation, log out &amp; tag out (LOTO), hot works, forklift safety, 

lifting equipment handling, handling of cutting tools, general machinery handling and ISO management 

system awareness.

 

Training was conducted both in-house and by external parties. Our plantation operations in HeveCam 

focused on confined workspace due to the high-risk nature of work in latex storage and collection tanks. 

Fire poses a risk to our business and hence significant training hours were dedicated to emergency response 

&amp; drills and fire prevention &amp; protection. Most of our workers were also trained in basic first aid.

 

In 2018, a total of 4,891 workers were trained for 12,183 hours on environmental and occupational health 

&amp; safety issues. This works out to about an average of 2.5 hours of training per worker. Insights from 

these statistics will enable us to formulate effective policies and practices to ensure a safe and productive 

workplace for our employees. We will continue to collate these statistics year-on-year to benchmark them 

to identify correlations and patterns in relation to workplace incidents.

0

500

1000

1500

2000

2500

Working at Height

Road Safety

PPE Usage &amp; Maintenance

Personal Hygiene &amp; Sanitation

Log Out and Tag Out (LOTO)

Lifting Equipment Handling

ISO Management System Awareness

Hot Works

Handling of Cutting Tools

General Machinery Handling

Forklift Safety

First Aid

Fire Prevention &amp; Protection

Environmental Pollution Control

 

Emergency Response &amp; Drills

Electrical Safety

EHS Induction for New Workers

Confined Space

Chemical Safety



Hours of Training

Number of Workers

2018 Global OHS Training Records

GRI CODE \ 103-1 \ 103-2 \ 103-3 \ 403-1 \ 403-2

51 \

\ 52


















CHINA

Effluent Parameters



pH

COD (mg/l)

BOD (mg/l)

TSS (mg/l)

120

100

80

60

40

20

0

















CAMEROON

Effluent Parameters



pH

COD (mg/l)

BOD (mg/l)

TSS (mg/l)

120

100

80

60

40

20

0

















INDONESIA

Effluent Parameters



pH

COD (mg/l)

BOD (mg/l)

TSS (mg/l)

250

200

150

100

50

0



















THAILAND

Effluent Parameters

pH

COD (mg/l)

BOD (mg/l)

TSS (mg/l)

140

120

100

80

60

40

20

0

















IVORY COAST

Effluent Parameters



pH

COD (mg/l)

BOD (mg/l)

TSS (mg/l)

300

250

200

150

100

50

0

















MALAYSIA

Effluent Parameters



pH

COD (mg/l)

BOD (mg/l)

TSS (mg/l)

450

400

350

300

250

200

150

100

50

0

Factory Effluent

Legal Limits

2018 Global Factory Waste Generation &amp; Reuse (tonne)





















0

20,000

5,000

25,000

10,000

30,000

40,000

15,000

35,000

45,000

50,000

Hazardous Waste

2890

Non-hazardous Waste

5463

Waste Recycled

1979

Sludge Generated

47,269

Sludge Reused

34,355

Amount Of Chemical Used In Factory Processing Operations 2018 (m3)







Deorub

(m3)

260

Hydrated

Lime (T)

104

Turpentine

(m3)

431

Sulphuric

Acid (m3)

126

Hydroxylamine

108

Phosphoric

Acid (T)

112

Oxalic

Acid (T)

49

Formic

Acid (m3)

44

Caustic

Soda (m3)

40

Bentonite

(m3)

22

Anchoid

(m3)

40

Ammonia

(m3)

39

Mayor

Oil (m3)

22

Quicklime

(T)

30

Waste, Effluent and Chemical Management

Rubber processing generates large volumes of waste. These include scrap rubber, pallets, rags, packaging 

material, used chemicals, oil and grease. We are committed to reducing waste in our operations by recycling 

and reintegrating waste into our production process.  Waste chemicals are collected by licensed hazardous 

waste collectors and scrap rubber is reprocessed in our factories. Plastic is a material component of our 

packaging needs and we intend to track our plastic use moving forward to actively reduce the amount. 

In 2018, we achieved a 36% recycling rate of our non-hazardous waste across our factory and plantation 

operations. We aim to achieve a 5-10% increase in waste recycling rates by the next reporting cycle.

 

Wastewater is treated in our water treatment facilities in our factories. Aerobic, anaerobic and microbial 

activated sludge processes are utilised to treat our wastewater to meet regulatory effluent parameters 

before it is recycled or discharged into water bodies. All our factories are subject to inspections from 

regulatory authorities periodically to ensure compliance.

The treatment of wastewater generates significant volumes of sludge. Due to the low calorific value of the 

sludge, we are unable to use it as biofuel, an option we had explored. The sludge is recycled as fertilisers 

and distribution to our factory workers and local communities for their farming activities. In 2018, we 

reused about 73% of sludge generated from the wastewater treatment process. Moving forward, we target 

to reuse 100% of all the sludge generated.

 

Wastewater contains higher concentrations of biological matter and suspended solids. Our rubber factories 

are located near rivers and other water sources into which industrial wastewater is discharged. If effluence 

is not sufficiently treated, this poses a threat to natural ecosystems and to the communities who live around 

water bodies and use it for their daily needs. The output is monitored daily for the following parameters: 

Biological Oxygen Demand (BOD), Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD), pH and Total Suspended Solids (TSS).

 

Moving forward we target to have improved effluent quality of at least 5% below legal limits for BOD, 

COD &amp; TSS parameters across all the geographies we operate. We intend to achieve this by reviewing our 

wastewater treatment system processes to enhance their treatment efficiency. We also plan to reduce 

contamination of raw material at source by improving our contamination picking procedures that would 

result in better effluent quality.







































CARING FOR 

    THE ENVIRONMENT



Water Recycling Rate

59.5%

Rubber Processing Sludge Reused

73%

Non-Hazardous Waste Recycling Rate

36%

Chemicals are required in rubber processing and latex storage. Chemicals provide the required specifications 

of our customers for the finished products. Chemicals play a crucial role in altering the natural polymer 

structure of our raw materials. They affect the properties of the final products such as plasticity, nitrogen, 

dirt &amp; ash content and plasticity retention index (PRI). Key chemicals used include Deorub, turpentine, oxalic 

acid, sulphuric acid, phosphoric acid and hydrated lime. In 2018, we monitored the use of key chemicals 

used as they have a direct correlation to the amount of hazardous waste generated in our operations. We 

aim to reduce chemical use as much as possible without compromising the quality and durability of our 

finished products.

GRI CODE \ 103-1 \ 103-2 \ 103-3

GRI CODE \ 103-1 \ 103-2 \ 103-3

53 \

\ 54


2018 Water

Discharge

By Source

(Factory)

82%

Surface Water

12%

Waste Water

Treatment Facilities

6%

 Unspecified

2018 Water

Consumption

By Source

(Factory)

40%

Surface Water

54%

Municipal 

Water Supplies

2%

Ground Water 4%

 Unspecified

2017 vs 2018 Water Management (m3)













Water

Consumption

Water 

Recycled

Water 

Discharged



16,000,000

2,000,000

0

6,000,000

12,000,000

4,000,000

10,000,000

8,000,000

14,000,000

2017

2018

HeveCam

Cameroon

Low to medium risk (1-2)

Low risk (0-1)

Low risk (0-1)

High risk (3-4)

ITCA/TRCI

Ivory Coast

Low to medium risk (1-2)

Low risk (0-1)

Low risk (0-1)

High risk (3-4)

AX/CX

China

Medium to high risk (2-3)

Medium to high risk (2-3)

Medium to high risk (2-3)

Medium to high risk (2-3)

BX/MT/MM/ML/MR

China

Medium to high risk (2-3)

Low to medium risk (1-2)

Low to medium risk (1-2)

Medium to high risk (2-3)

SGB/SCL/SDR/

SEA/SCX/SGO/ 

SDQ/SCY/KBP

Indonesia

Low to medium risk (1-2)

Low risk (0-1)

Low risk (0-1)

High risk (3-4)

SCM/SAR/KAZ/KBM/

KBD/KBE/KAB

Indonesia

Low to medium risk (1-2)

Low to medium risk (1-2)

Low risk (0-1)

High risk (3-4)

SDH

Indonesia

Medium to high risk (2-3)

Medium to high risk (2-3)

Low to medium risk (1-2)

High risk (3-4)

KBQ

Indonesia

Medium to high risk (2-3)

Low risk (0-1)

Low to medium risk (1-2)

High risk (3-4)

JJ/HL

Malaysia

Low to medium risk (1-2)

Low risk (0-1)

Low to medium risk (1-2)

Low risk (0-1)

H6

Thailand

Medium to high risk (2-3)

Low to medium risk (1-2)

Medium to high risk (2-3)

Low to medium risk (1-2)

H7/H1/H2/H8

Thailand

Low to medium risk (1-2)

Low risk (0-1)

Low to medium risk (1-2)

Low to medium risk (1-2)

















































Factory

Country

Overall Water Risk

Physical Risk Quality

Physical Risk Quantity

Regulatory &amp; Reputational Risk

Rubber Processing Water Risk Map

Water Consumption and Management

Water is a crucial component of rubber processing. Significant volumes of water are required to clean 

rubber before it is processed. With climate change intensifying, it is crucial for Halcyon to manage its water 

risk and resources. Most of our factories are located in areas of high concentration of communities. It is 

essential that we conduct our business responsibly and are mindful of stakeholders who depend on water 

bodies and basins for their livelihoods. We actively monitor water consumption in our factory operations 

during each shift.

 

To minimise the withdrawal of fresh water from local utilities and water bodies (rivers), we also recycle 

water back to our factory operations after treatment where possible. The respective EHS officers and 

factory managers are responsible for managing the effluent discharge from our factories. Our factories are 

subject to regular inspections by local regulatory authorities. Through our HEVEAPRO standards, better 

sensitisation of factory workers on sustainable water management and efficient wastewater treatment 

facilities, we had improved our water recycling rate from 49.5% in 2017 to 59.5% in 2018. We target to 

increase by another 5% in our water recycling rate for the year 2019.

With climate change exacerbating, it is essential that we manage our exposure to water risk in our operations. 

In 2018, we started mapping and identifying our site-specific water risk for all our factory operations. We 

commenced this exercise using the World Resources Institute (WRI) Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas tool. The 

overall water risk of each site was determined by considering the physical risk quantity &amp; quality and the 

regulatory &amp; reputational risk. Factories close to water basins such as the Mekong (China), Batang Hari 

(Indonesia) and Sungai Kapuas (Indonesia) were identified through the exercise.

 

Most of our factory operations are situated in areas of low-medium water risk. Our factories in China being 

located close to the Mekong water basin pose medium-high water risk. Some of our Indonesian factories in 

Medan and South Kalimantan pose medium-high water risk together with our Thailand factory in Narathiwat. 

Moving forward in 2019, we will extend our water risk mapping exercise to cover our plantation operations 

too. We will also focus on derisking factories with medium-high water risk by working with NGO partners. 

We intend to identify and engage key stakeholders that surround water bodies and basins where we source 

water for factory use. We will also benchmark water use with other relevant industries, map out available 

water resources and develop mitigation plans for episodes of water shortage due to droughts.

GRI CODE \ 103-1 \ 103-2 \ 103-3 \ 303-3 \ 306-1

GRI CODE \ 103-1 \ 103-2 \ 103-3

55 \

\ 56


Scope 1 

GHG Emissions

By Fuel Type

61% Natural Gas

1% Palm Kernel

4% Coal Industrial

34% Diesel



144,344.33

GHG Emissions

50,855.61 

GHG Emissions

Scope 2

74%

Scope 1

26%

Total Emissions

195,199.94

tCO2e per year

GHG Emissions

GHG Emissions

Scope 2

0.17

Scope 1

0.06

Total Intensities

0.23

tCO2e per tonne of

natural rubber

HeveCam Disease Incident Rates 2018



Diarrhoea

Malaria &amp; 

Dengue

0

1,000

2,000

500

1,500

2,500

2018

2017

44%

8%

Total Energy Consumption

(2017 vs 2018)





 

 

Electricity (MWh) 

Biomass (T) 

Gas (MMBTU) 

Diesel (m3) 

Coal (T)

 

2017 

173,395 

4,911 

575,613 

6,026 

1,380

 

2018 

158,990 

13,480 

534,201 

6,357 

901

Energy Consumption and Management

Natural rubber processing is highly energy intensive. For our long-term business continuity, we need to secure 

reliable energy sources. Consequently, we are concerned about our energy emissions as well as the potential 

climate change risks to our operations and our communities. Our factory operations currently use energy 

from the grid. As for our dryers, energy comes from a variety of sources such as coal, diesel and natural 

gas. We are taking active steps to manage our energy use better and minimise greenhouse gas emissions.

 

For example, we adopted statistical process control (SPC) to closely monitor the temperatures inside our 

dryers to ensure optimal heat use. We conduct dryer energy use benchmarking across all factories as 

one of our four key processing metrics for each work shift. The other key processing metrics are factory 

electricity use and manning efficiency. Some of the factories use crushed palm kernels as an energy source 

for the dryers.

 

In 2018, we initiated a group-wide carbon emission reporting exercise for all factory operations in line 

with Greenhouse Gas Protocol and Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) 5th Assessment 

Report. We monitored our Scope 1 &amp; 2 emissions for our latex and natural rubber production operations 

only. Scope 1 emissions (direct emissions) accounted for 26% of total emissions while Scope 2 (purchased 

electricity) accounted for 74% of total emissions. Our Scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity were 0.06 tCO2e 

and 0.17 tCO2e per tonne of natural rubber respectively.

 

Natural gas (61%) and diesel (34%) were the two main types of fuels that contributed to most of our Scope 1 

emissions. Within the next 2-3 years, we hope to phase out the use of coal (4%) in our production processes. 

We also intend to increase the use of palm kernel in our fuel mix to at least 5% within the next 2-3 years to 

decarbonise our energy portfolio. We are also actively exploring options to utilise renewable energy (solar) 

in our operations. 2018 is our base year for any direct initiatives undertaken to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 

emissions in the future.







































CASE STUDY



LifeStraw Community Water Filters in HeveCam

In 2018, we collaborated with Vestergaard to install 10 LifeStraw Community water filters for the 

communities in our HeveCam plantation. With a high microfiltration capacity that removes odour, turbidity, 

bacteria, viruses and protozoa, the filters were placed in selected hospitals, schools and villages. Members 

of the community were sensitised on the use of the water filters. We monitored the incidences of vector-

borne water diseases such as dengue and malaria as well as incidences of diarrhoea.

 

We have found that the incidents of diarrhoea had reduced by 44% with the installation of the filters. 

To tackle the onset of dengue and malaria which increased by 8%. In 2018, we increased the frequency 

of our education programmes on better Water Sanitation &amp; Hygiene (WASH) practices. We also scaled 

up immunisation, distributed more mosquito nets and eradicated sources of high mosquito breeding 

potential. Our goal is to reduce the incidences of dengue and malaria in HeveCam by 30% within the 

next two years.

GRI CODE \ 103-1 \ 103-2 \ 103-3 \ 302-1 \ 302-3 \ 302-4 \ 305-1 \ 305-2 \ 305-4

GRI CODE \ 203-1

57 \

\ 58


Seven Pillars





1

HEVEA Build

3

HEVEA Health

5

HEVEA Life

2

HEVEA Grow

4

HEVEA Learn

6

HEVEA Safe

7

HEVEA Sports

As a large employer with operations close to communities and villages, we roll out many activities which 

involve monetary investment as well as community hours to support these activities. One of our material 

ESG factors, our community activities and investment are aligned with seven pillars and listed below are 

some examples of our CSR activities.

 

• Build: Infrastructure projects such as repairing roads, street lamps, roofs of mosques and schools,   

 

 

gutters and water supply facilities 

 

• Grow: Workshops on nursery management and effective use of fertilisers for smallholders 

 

• Health: Free health screening and donation drive for specific medical needs. Workshops on control of  

 

 

mosquito-borne diseases. Boring of water wells

 

• Learn: Sponsorship programme with special education schools. Scholarship assistance for needy 

 

 

students and salary support for teachers at selected schools

 

• Life: Blood donation drives and provision of food aid for needy families and orphanages

 

• Safe: Workshops at schools to educate students and staff on safety management and fire hazards.  

 

 

Workshops on pest control methods

 

• Sports: Joint activities with communities. Sports activities and training for the disabled

Our newsletter Halcyon Days share some of these activities and can be accessed via our website.







































COMMUNITY INVESTMENT 

    AND EMPOWERMENT



Partnership with BSF Asia on Sports for the Disabled

Our 2018/2019 Corporate Social Responsibility programme is focussed on sports for the disabled. Within 

our communities and towns where we have operations, our Halcyon Global Village, we know there are 

young adults with disabilities, and we believe that sports can help them build better coordination and foster 

a sense of camaraderie amongst everyone involved, from participants to volunteers to coaches. In 2018, 

we started to work with BSF Asia, a non-profit based in Indonesia that focuses on sports for the disabled. 

BSF Asia has been developing sports for the disabled activities since 2009, first in Bali, Indonesia and now in 

other ASEAN countries such as Vietnam, Timor-Leste and Cambodia. BSF’s coaches are all volunteers and 

include Paralympian and Special Olympics winners.

Together with BSF Asia, our goal is to reach out to people with disabilities within our communities and 

encourage them to participate in the appropriate sports. We will hold out reach programmes and work 

with the local NGOs and government associations in each country to reach out to the disabled community 

across South East Asia. BSF Asia will then work with each participant to identify the type of sports suitable 

for the individual and help develop the skills needed for the sports.

Our first outreach was in October 2018 in Ipoh. We did another event in February this year and recruited 

more than 50 participants in Ipoh. Halcyon Agri was the title sponsor for the 2018 International Wheelchair 

Rugby Tournament in Singapore and will continue to be the title sponsor in 2019.

2nd Singapore 4s International 

Wheelchair Rugby Tournament

Our 

corporate 

CSR 

day 

at 

our 

Singapore  

headquarters was spent volunteering at the 2nd 

Singapore 4s International Wheelchair Rugby 

tournament where Halcyon was the title sponsor. 

The event, organised by BSF Asia, was held at 

the Canadian International School from 17th to 

21st October 2018. We watched as teams from 

Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia and the U.S. played 

against each other rounding off with Indonesia vs 

Malaysia in the finals.

Indonesia won the game 45-41. Our volunteers and supporters came from various departments including 

Human Resources, Information Technology, Sales, Finance, Treasury, Risk, Legal and Strategy &amp; Marketing. 

Wheelchair Rugby is recognised by the Singapore Disability Sports Council, practised in over 25 countries 

around the world, and is recognised as a summer Paralympic Sport.

Launch of Para-sports Program in Ipoh, Malaysia

In September 2018, we launched our para-sports program in our Hevea KB processing facility in partnership 

with BSF Asia. The event was attended by over 100 participants from NGOs, government officials, customers, 

local charity groups and included our colleagues from Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia. Through the 

program, we aim to provide a safe and supportive sports environment where disabled youths are treated 

with dignity, respect and reintegrated back into society. The program provides youth with opportunities to 

develop new skills, form friendships with like-minded individuals, enhance their social networks, obtain a 

high level of professional training, improve their wellbeing and enrich their lives through sports.

Type of para-sports include wheelchair basketball, boccia, blind soccer, volleyball and archery. Persatuan 

Hock Kean Perak has graciously allowed us to use their school, SJK @ Poi Lam, Ipoh as a training facility. 

The newly built school has disability access, 24-hour security, covered and open-air courts and a football 

field. Hevea KB will supply equipment required for the respective sports. The Hevea KB team will reach out 

to NGOs, suppliers, customers, local communities and government organisations to enlist volunteers and 

participants for the program. The first training session is targeted for early 2019 with a games event to be 

held in mid-2019.



GRI CODE \ 103-1 \ 103-2 \ 103-3 \ 203-1 \ 413-1

GRI CODE \ 103-1 \ 103-2 \ 103-3 \ 203-1 \ 413-1

59 \

\ 60


GRI Content Index







GRI Standard 

Disclosure Requirements 

Location or reason(s) for omission

GRI Content Index







GRI Standard 

Disclosure Requirements 

Location or reason(s) for omission

Material matters

Price Visibility &amp; Fair Pricing in Supply Chain

GRI 103:  

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 

Material ESG Factors  

Pg. 36

Management Approach 2016 

 

 

HeveaConnect 

Pg. 29  

 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Material ESG Factors 

Pg. 36 

 

 

 

HeveaConnect 

Pg. 29

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

HeveaConnect 

Pg. 29

Responsible &amp; Traceable Supply Chain

GRI 103: Management 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 

Material ESG Factors 

Pg. 36 

Approach 2016 

 

 

Halcyon Sustainable Natural Rubber Supply Chain Policy (SNRSCP) 

Pg. 41

 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

HeveaConnect 

Pg. 29

 

 

 

Material ESG Factors 

Pg. 36

 

 

 

Halcyon Sustainable Natural Rubber Supply Chain Policy (SNRSCP) 

Pg. 41

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

HeveaConnect 

Pg. 29

 

 

 

Halcyon Sustainable Natural Rubber Supply Chain Policy (SNRSCP) 

Pg. 41

GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016

Governance

102-22 

Composition of the highest governance body and its committees Corporate Governance Structure 

Pg. 38

102-23 

Chair of the highest governance body  

Corporate Governance Structure 

Pg. 38

102-24 

Nominating and selecting the highest governance body 

Corporate Governance Report  

Book Two: Pg. 75 - 76 

102-26 

Role of highest governance body in setting purpose,   

Maintaining Sound Corporate Governance 

Pg. 38 

 

values and strategy 

Corporate Governance Report 

Book Two: Pg. 68 - 87

102-29 

Identifying and managing economic, environmental,    

Maintaining Sound Corporate Governance 

Pg. 38 

 

and social impacts

102-32 

Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting 

Maintaining Sound Corporate Governance 

Pg. 38

102-35 

Remuneration policies  

Corporate Governance Report 

Book Two: Pg. 78 - 79

102-36 

Process for determining remuneration  

Corporate Governance Report 

Book Two: Pg. 78 - 79

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholder Engagement 

Pg. 37

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

All production workers 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Stakeholder Engagement 

Pg. 37

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholder Engagement 

Pg. 37

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholder Engagement 

Pg. 37

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Material ESG Factors 

Pg. 37

Reporting Practice

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

Notes to the Financial Statements 

Book Two: Pg. 131- 146

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

About the Report 

Pg. 1 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Materiality Assessment 

Pg. 35 - 36

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 

Material ESG Factors  

Pg. 36

102-48 

Restatement of information 

About the Report 

Pg. 1

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

About the Report 

Pg. 1

102-50 

Reporting period 

About the Report 

Pg. 1

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

18 October 2018

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annual

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

About the Report 

Pg. 1

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

About the Report 

Pg. 1

102-55 

GRI content index 

GRI Content Index 

Pg. 61 – 64

102-56 

External assurance 

External assurance has not been sought for sustainability reporting in this report

GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016

Organisational profile

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

About Halcyon  

Pg. 5 - 6

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

About Halcyon 

Pg. 5– 6

 

 

Corrie MacColl 

Pg. 23 - 28 

 

 

HeveaConnect  

Pg. 29

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

About Halcyon 

Pg. 5 - 6

102-4 

Location of operations 

About Halcyon  

Pg. 5 - 6

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

About Halcyon  

Pg. 5 – 6

 

 

Corporate Structure 

Book Two: Pg. 65 - 66

102-6 

Markets served 

About Halcyon  

Pg. 5 - 6

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Our Business at a Glance 

Pg. 4

 

 

About Halcyon 

Pg. 5 – 6

 

 

Corrie MacColl 

Pg. 23 – 28 

 

 

HeveaConnect 

Pg. 29

 

 

Employee Demographics 

Pg. 48 – 49

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Employee Demographics 

Pg. 48 – 49

102-9 

Supply chain 

About Halcyon 

Pg. 5 – 6

 

 

HeveaConnect 

Pg. 29

 

 

Sustainable Natural Rubber Supply Chain Policy (SNRSCP) 

Pg. 41

 

 

Halcyon’s Website  

https://www.halcyonagri.com/what-we-do/natural-rubber-supply-chain/

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

About Halcyon  

Pg. 5 – 7

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Risk Management  

Pg. 34 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Global Platform for Sustainable Natural Rubber (GPSNR) 

Pg. 40

102-13 

Membership of associations 

• Rubber Trade Association of Singapore

 

 

• International Rubber Study Group (IRSG)

 

 

• Member/Panel of Advisor/Signatory to SNRi (Sustainable Natural Rubber Initiative)

 

 

• Singapore International Chamber of Commerce Rubber Association (SICCRA)

 

 

• Singapore Institute of Directors 

 

 

• LGM (Malaysian Rubber Board Pricing Panel)

 

 

• Federation of Malaysian Manufacturers 

 

 

• Malaysian SMR Rubber Processors Associations 

 

 

• GAPKINDO (Gabungan Perusahaan Karet Indonesia/ Rubber Association of Indonesia)

 

 

• The Thai Rubber Association

 

 

• China Rubber Industry Association 

 

 

• China Natural Rubber Association 

 

 

• The Rubber Trade Association of Europe (RTAE)

 

 

• Global Platform for Sustainable Natural Rubber (GPSNR)

Strategy

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

Chairman’s Welcome Message 

Pg. 3

 

 

CEO’s Review 

Pg. 9 – 14

Ethic and Integrity

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

Ethics and Compliance 

Pg. 39

 

 

Mission Statement 

Pg 47

 

 

Our Values  

Pg 47

102-17 

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics 

Maintaining Sound Corporate Governance 

Pg. 38

 

 

Ethics and Compliance 

Pg. 39

Governance

102-18 

Governance Structure 

Corporate Governance Structure 

Pg. 38

 

 

Corporate Information 

Book Two: Pg. 67

 

 

Ethics and Compliance 

Pg. 39

GRI CODE \ 102-55

GRI CODE \ 102-55

61 \

\ 62


GRI Content Index







GRI Standard 

 

Disclosure Requirements 

Location or reason(s) for omission

GRI Content Index







GRI Standard 

 

Disclosure Requirements 

Location or reason(s) for omission

Material matters

Responsible &amp; Traceable Supply Chain

Not mapped to 

- 

Addressing supply chain sustainability concerns 

HeveaConnect 

Pg. 29

GRI Standards 

 

by Non-Governmental Organizations (NGO) 

World Wildlife Fund (WWF) visit to Sudcam Plantation 

Pg. 41 - 42

 

 

 

Public responses to NGOs 

https://www.halcyonagri.com/investors-media/press-releases/

 

 

 

Halcyon Sustainable Natural Rubber Supply Chain Policy (SNRSCP) 

Pg. 41

 

 

Traceability Pilot Projects 

Case Study: Traceability Projects 

Pg. 45 – 46

Occupational Health &amp; Safety

GRI 103: Management 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 

Material ESG Factors 

Pg. 36 

Approach 2016 

 

 

Occupational Health &amp; Safety 

Pg. 50  

 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Material ESG Factors 

Pg. 36 

 

 

 

Occupational Health &amp; Safety 

Pg. 50 - 52

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Occupational Health &amp; Safety 

Pg. 50 - 52

GRI 403: Occupation 

403-1 

Worker representation in formal joint 

Occupational Health &amp; Safety 

Pg. 50 - 52

Health and Safety 2016 

 

management-worker health and safety commitments

 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury,   

Occupational Health &amp; Safety 

Pg. 50- 51

 

 

occupation diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, 

 

 

and number of work-related fatalities

Water &amp; Effluent Management

GRI 103: Management 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 

Material ESG Factors 

Pg. 36

Approach 2016  

 

 

Water, Effluent &amp; Chemical Management 

Pg. 53 - 56

 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Material ESG Factors 

Pg. 36

 

 

 

Water, Effluent &amp; Chemical Management 

Pg. 53 - 56

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Water, Effluent &amp; Chemical Management 

Pg. 53 - 56

GRI 303: Water 2016 

303-3 

Water recycled and reused 

Water, Effluent &amp; Chemical Management 

Pg. 55

GRI 306: Effluents and 

306-1 

Water discharge by quality and destination 

Water, Effluent &amp; Chemical Management 

Pg. 55 

Waste 2016

Community Investment &amp; Empowerment

GRI 103: Management 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and it’s Boundary 

Material ESG Factors 

Pg. 36

Approach 2016 

 

 

Community Investment and Empowerment 

Pg. 58 – 60

 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Material ESG Factors 

Pg. 36

 

 

 

Community Investment and Empowerment 

Pg. 59 – 60

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Community Investment and Empowerment 

Pg. 59 – 60

GRI 203: Indirect Economic 

203-1 

Infrastructure Investments and Services Supported 

Outgrower Programme 

Pg. 25 – 26

Impacts 2016 

 

 

Community Investment and Empowerment 

Pg. 58 – 60

 

 

 

LifeStraw Community Water Filters in HeveCam 

Pg. 58 

 

 

 

 

Follow our LinkedIn posts for more CSR programmes

GRI 413: Local Communities 

413-1 

Operations with local community engagement,  

Community Investment and Empowerment 

Pg. 59 – 60

2016 

 

impact assessments, and development programs 

Outgrower Programme 

Pg 25

 

 

 

 

Follow our LinkedIn posts for more CSR programmes

Biodiversity Protection &amp; Conservation

GRI 103: Management 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 

Material ESG Factors 

Pg. 36

Approach 2016 

 

 

Biodiversity Protection &amp; Conservation 

Pg. 41 – 42 

 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Material ESG Factors 

Pg. 36

 

 

 

Biodiversity Protection &amp; Conservation 

Pg. 41 – 42

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Biodiversity Protection &amp; Conservation 

Pg. 41 – 42

Material matters

Biodiversity Protection &amp; Conservation

GRI 304: Biodiversity 2016 

304-1 

Operational sites owned, leased, managed in,  

Biodiversity Protection &amp; Conservation 

Pg. 41 – 42

 

 

or adjacent to, protected areas and areas of

 

 

high biodiversity value outside protected areas

 

304-3 

Habitats protected or restored 

Biodiversity Protection &amp; Conservation 

Pg. 41 – 42

Industry Standards for Sustainable Product Offering

GRI 103: Management 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 

Corrie MacColl 

Pg. 23 – 28

Approach 2016 

 

 

HeveaConnect 

Pg. 29

 

 

 

HEVEAPRO 

Pg. 43

 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Corrie MacColl 

Pg. 23 – 28

 

 

 

HeveaConnect 

Pg. 29

 

 

 

HEVEAPRO 

Pg. 43

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Corrie MacColl 

Pg. 23 – 28

 

 

 

HeveaConnect 

Pg. 29

 

 

 

HEVEAPRO 

Pg. 43

 

 

 

Material ESG Factors 

Pg. 36

Energy Consumption Management

GRI 103: Management 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 

Material ESG Factors 

Pg. 36

Approach 2016 

 

 

Energy Consumption &amp; Management 

Pg. 57

 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Material ESG Factors 

Pg. 36

 

 

 

Energy Consumption &amp; Management 

Pg. 57

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Energy Consumption &amp; Management 

Pg. 57

GRI 305: Emissions 2016 

305-1 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 

Energy Consumption &amp; Management 

Pg. 57

 

305-2 

Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 

Energy Consumption &amp; Management 

Pg. 57

 

305-4 

GHG emissions intensity 

Energy Consumption &amp; Management 

Pg. 57

GRI 302: Energy 2016 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organization 

Energy Consumption &amp; Management 

Pg. 57

 

302-3 

Energy intensity 

Energy Consumption &amp; Management 

Pg. 57

 

302-4 

Reduction of energy consumption 

Energy Consumption &amp; Management 

Pg. 57

Additional Material matters

Ethics &amp; Compliance

GRI 103: Management 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 

Material ESG Factor 

Pg. 36

Approach 2016 

 

 

Ethics &amp; Compliance 

Pg. 39 – 40 

 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Material ESG Factor 

Pg. 36

 

 

 

Ethics &amp; Compliance 

Pg. 39 – 40

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Ethics &amp; Compliance 

Pg. 39 – 40

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016 205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

Ethics &amp; Compliance 

Pg. 39 – 40

GRI 307: Environmental 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws  

Ethics &amp; Compliance 

Pg. 39 – 40

compliance 2016 

 

and regulations

GRI 419: Socioeconomic 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations 

Ethics &amp; Compliance 

Pg. 39 – 40

compliance 2016 

 

in the social and economic area

Fair, Responsible &amp; Inclusive Employment 

GRI 103: Management 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 

Material ESG Factor 

Pg. 36

Approach 2016 

 

 

Employee Demographics 

Pg. 48 – 49 

 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Material ESG Factor 

Pg. 36

 

 

 

Employee Demographics 

Pg. 48 – 49

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Employee Demographics 

Pg. 48 – 49

GRI 401: Employment 2016 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover  

Employee Demographics 

Pg. 48

GRI CODE \ 102-55

GRI CODE \ 102-55

63 \

\ 64






Halcyon Agri Corporation Limited

180 Clemenceau Avenue

#05-02 Haw Par Centre

Singapore 239922

www.halcyonagri.com




Corporate Report 2018

Book Two:  

Corporate Governance and Financial Reports


















































Contents



Corporate Structure and Information 

65

65 &gt; Corporate Structure

67 &gt; Corporate Information

Corporate Governance Report 

68

68 &gt; Corporate Governance Report

Financial Contents 

88

88 &gt; Audited Financial Statements

Statisics of Shareholdings 

179

179 &gt; Statistics of Shareholdings

Annual General Meeting 

181

181 &gt; Notice of Annual General Meeting








65 \

\ 66

Halcyon Agri Corporation Limited

Halcyon Rubber Company Pte. Ltd.

100%

Corrie MacColl Pte. Ltd.

100%

Corrie MacColl Limited

100%

HeveaConnect Pte. Ltd.

71.1%

Sinochem International  

Natural Rubber Investment  

(Overseas) Pte. Ltd.

100%

HAC Capital Pte. Ltd.

100%

Hevea Global Pte. Ltd.

100%

Anson Company (Private) Limited

100%

Corrie MacColl International Pte. Ltd.

100%

Shanghai CMI Rubber Co., Ltd.

100%

Kelvin Terminals B.V.

100%

Corrie MacColl Rubber Ltd

100%

Corrie MacColl North America, Inc.

100%

Alan L Grant Polymer, Inc.

100%

Centrotrade Rubber, Inc.

100%

Corrie MacColl Plantations Pte. Ltd.

100%

JFL Agro Pte. Ltd.

100%

JFL Holdings Sdn. Bhd.

100%

SINRIO Malaysia Pte. Ltd.

100%

SINRIO (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.

100%

Hevea KB Sdn. Bhd.

100%

Euroma Rubber Industries 

Sendirian Berhad

100%

SDCI Singapore Pte. Ltd.

100%

Tropical Rubber Côte d’Ivoire S.A.

70%

SINRIO Thailand Pte. Ltd.

100%

Hainan Sinochem Rubber Co., Ltd.

99.7%

Hevea Cameroun S.A.

90%

Sud Cameroun Hevea S.A.

80%

Jadeblue Connection Sdn. Bhd.

25%

JFL Agro Sdn. Bhd.

100%

Halcyon Rubber Estates Sdn. Bhd.

100%

GMG Investment Congo SARL 

(in liquidation)

100%

Ivoirienne de Traitement 

du Caoutchouc S.A.

60%

New Continent  

Enterprises (Private) Limited

100%

Halcyon Agri  

Natural Rubber (Shanghai) Limited

100%

Société de Développement  

du Caoutchouc Ivoirien S.A.

100%

Baisha Sinochem Rubber Co., Ltd.

100%

Shanghai Hancheng Trading Co., Ltd.

100%

Hainan Baoting  

Sinochem Rubber Co., Ltd.

100%

Xishuangbanna  

Sinochem Rubber Co., Ltd.

96.7%

Momentum Technologies 

Laboratories, Inc.

100%

Société de Développement  

du Caoutchouc Camerounais S.A.

100%

Teck Bee Hang Co., Ltd.

49%

Techem Industries Co., Ltd.

98.4%

Teck-Fu Joint Venture Co., Ltd.

86%

Feltex Co., Ltd.

45%

G.P. Sentosa Enterprises Co., Ltd.

40%

6%

Centrotrade Deutschland GmbH

100%

Centrotrade Minerals and Metals, Inc.

100%

Wurfbain Polymer B.V.

100%

Centrotrade Hatyai Co., Ltd.

49%

Centrotrade Commodities  

Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.

100%

Centrotrade (Thailand) Co., Ltd.

49%

51%

Halcyon Agri Indonesia Pte. Ltd.

100%

PT. Hevea MK

5%

95%

PT. Hevea GE

5%

95%

PT. Hok Tong

99.9%

PT. Remco

75%

PT. Sunan Rubber

25.2%

74.8%

PT. Rubber Hock Lie

0.2%

99.7%

PT. GMG Sentosa

1%

99%

PT. Bumi Jaya

1%

99%

PT. Sumber Alam

1%

99%

PT. Sumber Djantin

1%

99%

PT. Pulau Bintan Djaya

80%

Corporate Structure








67 \

Board of Directors

Liu Hongsheng 

(Non-Executive Chairman)

Robert Meyer  

(Executive Director and CEO)

Pascal Demierre 

(Executive Director)

Alan Nisbet  

(Lead Independent Director)

Randolph Khoo  

(Independent Director)

Liew Choon Wei 

(Independent Director)

Raymond Ferguson 

(Independent Director)

Wang Wei 

(Non-Executive Director)

Jeremy Goon 

(Independent Director)

Qin Jinke 

(Non-Executive Director)

Audit Committee

Alan Nisbet  

(Chairman)

Randolph Khoo

Liew Choon Wei

Pascal Demierre

Remuneration Committee

Liew Choon Wei 

(Chairman)

Alan Nisbet

Randolph Khoo

Pascal Demierre

Nominating Committee

Randolph Khoo 

(Chairman)

Alan Nisbet

Liew Choon Wei

Strategy and Investment Committee

Liu Hongsheng 

(Co-Chairman)

Raymond Ferguson 

(Co-Chairman)

Alan Nisbet

Robert Meyer

Company Secretary

Liew Guat Yi

Registered Office

250 North Bridge Road 

#12-01 Raffles City Tower 

Singapore 179101 

Tel: +65 6430 9270 

Fax: +65 6430 9272

Corporate Headquarters

180 Clemenceau Avenue 

#05-02 Haw Par Centre 

Singapore 239922 

Tel: +65 6460 0200 

Fax: +65 6440 0417

Auditors

Ernst &amp; Young LLP 

One Raffles Quay 

North Tower Level 18 

Singapore 048583 

Tel: +65 6535 7777 

Fax: +65 6532 7662 

Audit Engagement Partner: 

Lee Lai Hiang  

(for the financial years ended  

31 December 2014 to 31 December 2018)

Principal Bankers

China Construction Bank Corporation

DBS Bank Ltd.

Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank

United Overseas Bank

ING Bank N.V.

Deutsche Bank AG

PT. Bank Central Asia

Afriland First Bank

Bank of China

Taipei Fubon Commercial Bank Co., Ltd.

Banque Internationale Du Cameroun Pour 

L’epargne Et Le Credit

CTBC Bank Co., Ltd.

Corporate Information








\ 68

Halcyon Agri Corporation Limited (the “Company” or “HAC” and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) maintains and 

upholds a high standard of corporate governance practices, and integrates sustainability development into the Group’s 

business approach. It promotes an innovative business model, and focuses on growing sustainable businesses, creating and 

maximising long-term shareholder value, and places emphasis on the interests of its stakeholders.

This report describes the Group’s ongoing efforts to observe the corporate governance framework, and the practices 

implemented throughout the financial year ended 31 December 2018 (“FY2018”). The Board has reviewed the principles and 

provisions under the revised Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the “2018 Code”) published by the Monetary Authority of 

Singapore, which took effect on 1 January 2019, and has adopted certain practices under this 2018 Code.

The Board is pleased to report that the Group has adhered to all material principles and guidelines of the Code of Corporate 

Governance 2012 (the “2012 Code”) and wherever applicable, the 2018 Code, the disclosure guide developed by the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) in January 2015, together with other applicable laws, rules and regulations, 

including the Listing Manual (the “Listing Rules”) of the SGX-ST. 

The disclosure of our corporate governance framework and practices in this report has been approved by the Board. 

To provide shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”) a quick access to particular area(s) of interest, a summary 

disclosure on the Company’s compliance with the 2012 Code can be found on pages 85 to 87 of this Corporate Report 2018 

(the “annual report”).

KEY FEATURES OF THE BOARD

Overview of Board Composition

1  Non-executive  

Non-independent Chairman 

• Liu Hongsheng

2  Executive Directors 

• Robert Meyer 

• Pascal Demierre

5  Independent and  

Non-executive Directors  

(the “Independent Directors” 

or “ID”) 

• Alan Nisbet 

• Randolph Khoo 

• Liew Choon Wei 

• Raymond Ferguson 

• Jeremy Goon

2  Non-executive and  

Non-independent Directors 

• Wang Wei 

• Qin Jinke

•  Separation of the role of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”)

•  Chairman and CEO are not related to each other, there is no familial 

relationship existing between them 

•  Independent Directors make up 50% of the Board

•  No Director has served for more than nine (9) years

•  Diversity of skills, knowledge and broad range of experience – the Board 

comprises Directors ranging from lawyers, retired audit firm partners, 

a finance industry veteran, an experienced sustainability officer from 

a public-listed agricultural business and Directors who have years 

of experience in formulating corporate strategy and have in-depth 

knowledge of the rubber business

•  Collectively they possess extensive global business experience 

•  None of the Directors hold more than six (6) directorships (without other 

executive roles) or four (4) directorships (with other executive roles) in 

listed companies

•  No alternate directors appointed

•  Each Director has been submitted for re-nomination and re-appointment 

at least once during the past three (3) years 

Corporate Governance Report








69 \

Overview of Board Committees

Board Committee

Audit Committee (“AC”)

Nominating Committee 

(“NC”)

Remuneration Committee 

(“RC”)

Strategy and Investment 

Committee (“StratCom”)

Composition

Four (4) members:

• Alan Nisbet (Chairman)

• Randolph Khoo

• Liew Choon Wei

•  Pascal Demierre

Three (3) out of four (4) members  

are Independent Directors

Three (3) members:

•  Randolph Khoo (Chairman)

•  Alan Nisbet

•  Liew Choon Wei

All members are Independent Directors

Four (4) members:

•  Liew Choon Wei (Chairman)

•  Alan Nisbet

•  Randolph Khoo

•  Pascal Demierre

Three (3) out of four (4) members  

are Independent Directors

Four (4) members:

•  Liu Hongsheng (Co-Chairman)

•  Raymond Ferguson (Co-Chairman)

•  Alan Nisbet

•  Robert Meyer

Two (2) out of four (4) members  

are Independent Directors

Key Areas of Oversight Delegated to it by  

the Board (Not exhaustive)

•  Financial reporting 

•  Internal and external audit processes 

•  Interested person transactions 

•  Risk management and internal controls

•  Whistleblowing arrangements 

•  Succession plan, appointment and 

re-appointment of Directors and key 

management personnel (“KMP”)

•  Performance of the Board

•  Board and Director independence

•  Board orientation, training and development

•  Remuneration policies and framework 

•  Remuneration for executive Directors  

and KMP

•  Remuneration for non-executive Directors

•  Development and strategy direction

•  Major investment or divestment plans

•  Capital and assets management

Corporate Governance Report








\ 70

Key Information of Director

DIRECTOR

Liu Hongsheng

Robert Meyer

Pascal Demierre

•  Age 

•  Position and Appointment date

•  Last re-elected date  

(if applicable)

•  Present and past three (3) years 

Directorships in other listed 

companies (if any)

•  52

•  Non-executive Non-independent 

Chairman since 16 January 2017

•  Last re-elected on 28 April 2017

•  Executive Director of Sinochem 

International Corporation  

Co., Ltd.

•  45

•  Executive Director and CEO 

since 8 July 2010

•  Last re-elected on 28 April 2017

•  45

•  Executive Director  

since 8 July 2010

• Last re-elected on 23 April 2018

•  Independent Director of  

The Hour Glass Limited

Total: 110,250

Total: 900,000

Total: 660,000

TOTAL REMUNERATION (SGD)  

(FY2018)

Basic/ 

Fixed 

Salary

NA(2)

900,000

660,000

Other 

Variable

NA(2)

Nil

Nil

Directors’ 

Fee

110,250

NA(3)

NA(3)

MEETING ATTENDANCE 

(1 January to 31 December 2018)

 

3 

4 

5 

1 

1 

4 

1

General 

Board 

AC 

NC 

RC Strat - 

ID 

Meeting 

 

 

 

 

Com

(Number of scheduled meetings held)

 

2 

4 

– 

– 

– 

4 

–

 

3 

4 

4(1) 

– 

1(1) 

4 

1(1)

 

3 

4 

4 

– 

1 

2(1) 

1(1)

Alan Nisbet

•  68

•  Lead Independent Director since 

7 January 2013

•  Last re-elected on 23 April 2018

•  Independent Director of KrisEnergy 

Ltd, Standard Chartered Bank 

(Singapore) Limited,  

Ascendas Property Fund Trustee 

Pte Ltd (trustee-manager of 

Ascendas India Trust) and  

Keppel REIT Management Limited 

(manager of Keppel REIT)

Total: 109,125

NA(2)

NA(2)

109,125

 

3 

4 

5 

1 

1 

4 

1

Corporate Governance Report








71 \

Key Information of Director

DIRECTOR

Randolph Khoo

Liew Choon Wei

•  Age 

•  Position and Appointment date

•  Last re-elected date  

(if applicable)

•  Present and past three (3) years 

Directorships in other listed 

companies (if any)

•  55

•  Independent Director since  

7 January 2013

•  Last re-elected on 23 April 2018

•  64

•  Independent Director since  

1 October 2014

•  Last re-elected on 28 April 2017

•  Independent Director of F J 

Benjamin Holdings Ltd, The Hour 

Glass Limited, Frasers Hospitality 

Asset Management Pte Ltd 

(manager of Frasers Hospitality 

Real Estate Investment Trust) 

and Frasers Hospitality Trust 

Management Pte Ltd (trustee-

manager of Frasers Hospitality 

Business Trust)

Total: 87,250

Total: 87,250

TOTAL REMUNERATION (SGD)  

(FY2018)

Basic/ 

Fixed 

Salary

NA(2)

NA(2)

Other 

Variable

NA(2)

NA(2)

Directors’ 

Fee

87,250

87,250

MEETING ATTENDANCE 

(1 January to 31 December 2018)

 

3 

4 

5 

1 

1 

4 

1

General 

Board 

AC 

NC 

RC Strat - 

ID 

Meeting 

 

 

 

 

Com

(Number of scheduled meetings held)

 

2 

4 

5 

1 

1 

– 

1

 

3 

4 

5 

1 

1 

– 

1

Corporate Governance Report








\ 72

Key Information of Director

Notes:

(1) Attendance by invitation

(2) Non-executive Directors are not paid salary, allowance and bonus

(3) Executive Directors are not paid director’s fee

The aggregate remuneration of S$617,125 paid to the non-executive Directors (the “Directors’ Fees”) for FY2018 is within the 

threshold limit of S$750,000 approved by Shareholders on 23 April 2018. The Directors’ Fees were remunerated according to 

the Directors’ Fee structure disclosed in the annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2017. 

Remuneration of each of the executive Directors comprising basic salary as well as a variable bonus (if any) that is computed 

based on the Group’s consolidated profit before tax, is subject to review by the RC and the Company’s Board, and is paid in 

accordance with their service agreement with the Company. 

The profile of each Director (including academic and professional qualifications) is presented in this annual report under the 

section “Board of Directors”. For shareholdings of Directors in the Company and its related corporations (if any), please refer 

to page 89 of this annual report.

DIRECTOR

Raymond Ferguson

Wang Wei

Jeremy Goon

•  Age 

•  Position and Appointment date

•  Last re-elected date  

(if applicable)

•  Present and past three (3) years 

Directorships in other listed 

companies (if any)

•  56

•  Independent Director since  

15 November 2016

•  Last re-elected on 28 April 2017

•  39

•  Non-executive Non-independent 

Director since 3 May 2017

•  Last re-elected on 23 April 2018

•  46

•  Independent Director since  

2 November 2017

•  Last re-elected on 23 April 2018

Total: 61,250

Total: 54,000

Total: 54,000

TOTAL REMUNERATION (SGD)  

(FY2018)

Basic/ 

Fixed 

Salary

NA(2)

NA(2)

NA(2)

Other 

Variable

NA(2)

NA(2)

NA(2)

Directors’ 

Fee

61,250

54,000

54,000

 

– 

4 

– 

– 

– 

– 

–

 

3 

4 

– 

– 

– 

– 

–

Qin Jinke

• 48

•  Non-executive Non-independent 

Director since 1 January 2018

•  Last re-elected on 23 April 2018

Total: 54,000

NA(2)

NA(2)

54,000

 

2 

4 

– 

– 

– 

3(1) 

–

MEETING ATTENDANCE 

(1 January to 31 December 2018)

 

3 

4 

5 

1 

1 

4 

1

General 

Board 

AC 

NC 

RC Strat - 

ID 

Meeting 

 

 

 

 

Com

(Number of scheduled meetings held)

 

3 

4 

– 

– 

– 

4 

1

Corporate Governance Report








73 \

BOARD MATTERS

The Company is committed to conduct its business with 

integrity, fairness and transparency and will not tolerate any 

acts, attempted acts, or assistance with any form of bribery 

or corruption whether direct or indirect. The Company’s 

Board is effective, comprises professionals with a broad 

range of experience and industry expertise, who discharge 

their duties and responsibilities at all times as fiduciaries in 

the interests of the Company. The Board embraces value 

creation, innovation, sustainability and ethical business 

practices, and has embedded them in setting the strategic 

directions of the Company.

The Board’s Conduct of Affairs

Duties of the Board. The principal functions of the Board 

are to: 

(a)  establish corporate values and ethical standards of conduct 

for the Group; 

(b)  oversee the business performance and affairs of the Group 

and provide entrepreneurial leadership; 

(c)  set strategic direction for the Group, maintain the policy 

and decision making framework in which the strategy  

is implemented;

(d)  establish and maintain a sound risk management 

framework and adequate internal controls, setting risk 

appetite to achieve an appropriate balance between risk 

and the Group’s performance;

(e)  supervise, monitor and review the function and 

performance of the Group’s management and ensure that 

necessary financial and human resources are in place for 

the Company to meet its objectives;

(f)  review and approve annual budgets, financial plans,  

major acquisitions and divestment plans, funding and 

investment proposals; 

(g)  ensure transparency and accountability to key stakeholder 

group including compliance with relevant laws and 

regulations as well as the financial reporting standards; 

(h)  review and approve the appointment of Directors and 

KMP; and

(i)  instil an ethical corporate culture and promote sustainable 

development.

Delegation of Authority. The Board capitalises on the 

expertise of Independent Directors and benefits from 

delegating certain functions and authority of the Board 

to the four (4) board committees, namely, the AC, NC, 

RC and StratCom (collectively the “Board Committees”). 

Each Board Committee functions within clearly defined 

formalised terms of reference (“TOR”) which have been 

approved by the Board. While these Board Committees 

are tasked with certain responsibilities, all major decision-

making remains the ultimate responsibility of the Board as 

a whole. Except for a co-chairman of StratCom who is not 

an independent Director, all other Board Committees are 

led by an Independent Director, to encourage independent 

oversight and enable the Board to discharge its obligations 

more effectively. Detailed functions and involvement of the 

Board Committees are described on pages 75 to 83 of this 

annual report. 

To ensure the changes to the requirements under the 

Listing Manual and the provisions of the 2018 Code are fully 

captured and reflected in the Board Committees’ TOR, the 

NC, RC and AC reviewed and proposed certain amendments 

to their TOR. The updated TOR have been approved by the 

Board and adopted by the respective Board Committees 

with effect from 28 February 2019.

The Board embraces the principle of empowerment - that  

governance and management are more effective and efficient 

when they are separated. The day-to-day management, 

operation and administration of the Group are led by the 

executive Directors and the senior management of the 

Group (collectively, the “Management”). The Management 

collaborates closely with the non-executive Directors 

and provide insights on the Group’s operations. They are 

accountable to the Board for their performance in pursuing 

the long-term success of the Group. 

The Board has in place, a written Policy on Board Delegation 

of Authority (the “Delegation Policy”) which set out the 

framework and mechanisms by which the Board delegates 

specific standing powers and limits of authority to specified 

positions, to provide clear directions to Management on 

matters that must be approved by the Board. The Delegation 

Policy is aimed at balancing the need for empowering 

and devolving decision-making to appropriate levels for 

operational efficiency and ensuring that proper systems of 

control are in place. Material transactions, including but not 

limited to the matters set out below, are reserved for the 

Board’s decision and approval:

(a)  overall Group business and budget strategies;

(b)  capital expenditures, investments or divestments exceeding 

certain material thresholds;

(c)  all capital-related matters including capital issuance  

and redemption;

(d)  significant policies governing the operations of the Company;

(e)  corporate strategic development and restructuring;

(f)  material interested person transactions which fall within 

the meaning of the Listing Rules; and

(g)  risk management strategies.

All material transactions are reserved for the Board’s 

decision as a whole, without any individual or group of 

individuals exercising any considerable concentration of 

power or influence, or being allowed to dominate the 

Board’s decision making.

Board Meetings. Four (4) meetings were scheduled and 

held at regular intervals in FY2018 to review, among others,  

the Group’s financial performance, annual budget, corporate  

strategy, business plans, potential acquisitions, risk 

management policies, executive remuneration and 

significant operational matters. Besides the scheduled 

Board meetings, the Board meets on an ad-hoc basis, when 

required, to discuss and receive updates from Management 

on the development of corporate actions that took place 

during the year. 

Corporate Governance Report








\ 74

The Chairman oversees the setting of Board meeting agendas  

and Directors are encouraged to propose any topic that is 

deemed appropriate to be discussed. Draft meeting agendas 

are circulated to the Chairmen of the Board and Board 

Committees in advance for comments, to ensure that all 

material topics are attended to. 

To ensure meetings are held with maximum Director 

participation, all Board meetings are planned and scheduled 

in advance after consultation with Directors. In addition, 

Directors who are not able to be present physically in the 

Board meetings may participate in the Board and Board 

Committee meetings by telephonic conference, as permitted 

under the Company’s Constitution (the “Constitution”). 

The Constitution also provides that the Board may make 

decisions and grant approval by way of written resolutions. A 

list of written resolutions approved by the Board and Board 

Committees is compiled and circulated during Board and 

Board Committee meetings. 

As guided under 2018 Code, the Board has approved and 

adopted a written Policy on Director’s Conflicts of Interest to 

complement the Company’s existing corporate governance 

practice, and serves to guide the Directors in recognising 

and handling conflict situations. In the event any member of 

the Board or Board Committees has an interest in a matter 

being deliberated upon by the Directors, he will recuse 

himself from discussions and abstain from participating in 

the approval process involving the issue of conflict. 

In line with the Company’s commitment to promote 

sustainable 

business 

practices, 

conservation 

of 

the 

environment and technological advancement, the Board has 

done away with voluminous hard-copy Board papers since 

2014 and continues to employ board portal technologies 

to facilitate meeting proceedings. All materials for Board 

and Board Committees meetings are provided in a timely 

manner and uploaded onto the encrypted, secure board 

portal, which is readily accessible on Directors’ tablet 

devices, laptops or desktop computers. The board portal 

enhances effectiveness in the boardroom and helps to 

improve information flow to and amongst Board members. 

The record of Directors’ attendance at the Board and Board 

Committee meetings for FY2018 is set out on pages 70 to 72 

of this annual report.

Board Access to Information. Complete documents and 

adequate information relating to meeting agenda items, 

including background and explanatory notes, financial 

statements, budgets, forecasts and progress reports of 

the Group’s business operations and internal audit reports 

are circulated at least one week prior to each Board and/

or Board Committee meeting through the board portal, 

to allow sufficient time for Directors to comprehensively 

understand the issues to be deliberated upon and make 

informed decisions thereon. Senior management personnel 

who can provide additional insights into the matters at hand, 

if required, will be invited to attend the meetings to address 

queries from the Directors. Monthly analysis of the Group’s 

performance and financial position, overview of the market 

environment, summary of corporate and treasury activities 

are provided to the Board, to provide insights on the Group’s 

operations and ensure that Directors are fully cognisant of 

the decisions and actions of Management. All information 

requested by the Director is provided in a timely manner.

Directors have direct access to Management and each 

member of the Board may request for information regarding 

the Group that is required for the discharge of his duties 

and responsibilities. The Directors also have separate 

and independent access to the Company Secretary at all 

times. The Company Secretary or her colleague attends 

all Board and Board Committees meetings to ensure that 

Board procedures are followed and that the applicable 

rules and regulations are complied with. The Company 

Secretary advises the Board on corporate and administrative 

matters, facilitates Director’s orientation and professional 

development, and ensures good information flow within the 

Board and Board Committees, and between Management 

and the Independent Directors. The appointment and 

removal of the Company Secretary are subject to the 

approval of the Board as a whole.

Where necessary, a Director may also seek independent legal 

and other professional advice concerning any aspect of the 

Group’s operations or undertakings at the Company’s expense.

Board Composition and Balance

Board Composition. The Board presently consists of ten (10) 

members: a non-executive non-independent Chairman, two 

(2) executive Directors, five (5) Independent Directors and 

two (2) non-executive non-independent Directors. A majority 

of the Board comprise Directors with no management or 

business relationship with the Company. The requirement 

of the 2012 Code that mandates independent directors 

constituting at least 50% of the board of directors for 

companies where, amongst others, the Chairman of the 

Board is not an independent director, is met. There is a strong 

and independent element on the Board, with the Independent 

Directors constructively challenge and assist in developing 

proposals on strategies. The Board continued to function 

effectively during the year and was able to exercise objective 

judgement on corporate affairs independently. 

The Company views diversity at the Board level as an essential 

element in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives 

and its sustainable development. In accordance with the 2018 

Code, the Board has documented its practices toward diversity 

under a Policy on Board Diversity (the “Diversity Policy”). 

The Diversity Policy promotes the inclusion of different 

perspectives and ideas, endorses the principle that diverse 

Board should include and make good use of differences 

between the Directors in terms of professional experience, 

skills, knowledge, length of service, industry discipline, cultural 

and educational background, gender, age, ethnicity and other 

relevant factors. The Board recognises the potential benefits 

of gender diversity in the boardroom and welcomes female 

directors on board. Where the candidates for appointment 

as director are relatively equivalent in their levels of required 

skills and experience, the Board is committed to advancing 

female candidates, in order to achieve gender diversity and 

add a broader perspective on the Board.

Taking into account the scope and nature of the Group’s 

operations as well as its strategic direction, and having regard 

to the Diversity Policy, the Company and the Board are 

satisfied that the Board is of an appropriate size for effective 

decision-making, has a well-diversified Board with right mix 

of expertise and collectively possesses the necessary core 

competencies in diverse areas including accounting, finance, 

Corporate Governance Report








75 \

law, sustainability development, business and management, 

strategic planning and global business experience, for the 

Board to effectively discharge its duties. 

The Board has considered the recommendation of the 2018 

Code which stipulates that the independent directors to 

make up a majority of the Board where the Chairman is not 

independent director. Based on the feedback and comments 

received through the annual board performance evaluation 

for the current and preceding years, and with reference to 

the common board size of six (6) directors for Singapore-

listed companies1, the Board concluded that the current 

board composition (board size of ten (10) members with 

50% of independent directors and 80% of non-executive 

directors) has high degree of independence and with the 

right structure to enable the Board to function at optimum 

levels. Correspondingly, the Board will not increase its size or 

appoint an additional independent director at the near future.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Separation of the Role of Chairman and the CEO. There is 

a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of 

the Board and the executive responsible for managing the 

Company’s business. The roles of Chairman and the post 

of CEO are held by separate persons, to ensure a degree of 

checks and balance. The Chairman and CEO are not related 

to each other in any manner. The two (2) key roles have 

fundamentally disparate responsibilities and functions, but 

complement each other in the overall objective of creating 

value for Shareholders, and play vital roles in providing the 

Group with strong leadership and vision. 

As the Chairman of the Board, Mr Liu Hongsheng leads 

and ensures the effectiveness of all general meetings and 

Board meetings. He is responsible for promoting culture 

of openness and debate of the Board, steering productive 

and comprehensive discussions between members of the 

Board and Management on strategic, business and other 

issues pertinent to the Group, as well as ensuring effective 

communication with Shareholders and other stakeholders. 

The Chairman takes a leading role in the Company’s drive 

to achieve and maintain a high standard of corporate 

governance with the support of the Board, Management and 

Company Secretary. 

Mr Robert Meyer, the CEO since 2013, has developed the 

Group’s business to become a leading natural rubber industry 

operator with activities that span the globe. He possesses 

in-depth industry knowledge, understands the current 

market, and has the foresight to support the formulation 

of the Group’s strategic direction, including the initiative 

to transition the global natural rubber industry, which is 

heavily reliant on traditional paper-based processes, into 

a unified digital marketplace. Assisted by the management 

team, the CEO make decisions in all matters affecting 

the operations, performance and strategy of the Group’s 

businesses, with the exception of those matters reserved for 

the Board or specifically delegated by the Board to the Board 

committees. He oversees the day-to-day management, 

leads and implements all major initiatives (such as expansion 

related strategies, acquisitions and capital investments of 

the Group), and plays an instrumental role in the sustainable 

development and growth of the Group’s business. 

Lead Independent Director. Mr Alan Nisbet has been the 

Lead Independent Director since 2013 and continues to 

avail himself to address Shareholders’ concerns and acts as a 

counter-balance in the decision-making process. The Lead 

Independent Director plays an additional facilitative role 

within the Board and provides a channel to non-executive 

directors for confidential discussion on any concerns and 

to resolve conflicts of interest as and when necessary. He 

convenes and chairs meetings with Independent Directors 

without the involvement of the Management, at least once 

a year, to aid and facilitate provision of well-balanced 

viewpoints to the Board, in order to enhance the capacity 

of the Board for independent decision making. The Board 

believes that meetings between the Independent Directors 

who do not hold executive positions in the Group will 

encourage and promote greater openness in reviewing 

the performance of Management. Any recommendations 

or suggestions arising from the Independent Directors’ 

discussions will be communicated to the Management. 

The roles, duties and responsibilities of the Chairman, CEO, 

Lead Independent Director and Directors of difference 

classes (executive, non-executive and independent director) 

are detailed under a Memorandum on Director’s Duties and 

Responsibilities which has been distributed to each Director 

upon his appointment, and accessible in the board portal.

Board Membership and  

Performance Evaluation

The NC comprises three (3) members and is chaired by Mr 

Randolph Khoo since its inception in 2013. All members of the 

NC (including the chairman) are Independent Directors. The 

Lead Independent Director, Mr Nisbet, is also a member of 

the NC. The NC makes as well as reviews recommendations 

to the Board on all nominations for appointments and re-

appointments to the Board, the appointment of KMP, the 

training and development programmes for the Board, and is 

responsible for the annual evaluation of Board performance. 

The NC functions within clearly written terms of reference 

approved by the Board and its principal activities are as 

follows:

Board Appointment and Composition. The Board regularly 

and continually review its structure, size and composition 

to identify the balance of skills, knowledge and experience 

required for the Board to discharge its responsibilities 

effectively. Where appropriate, or if circumstances suggest 

that additional skills or experience is required and that a 

replacement and/or new appointment is beneficial to the 

Board, the NC will propose a new appointment or review 

and evaluate the competencies of candidates proposed by 

the Management. The NC has a formal and written guide 

to conduct due diligence checks to assess the suitability of 

a candidate for appointment as a Director of the Company. 

To ensure that the Company has the opportunity to benefit 

from all available talent, the evaluation of potential new 

director is made based on meritocracy, and candidates 

will be considered against objective criteria, having due 

regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board, the ability 

of prospective candidates to contribute to discussions, 

deliberations and activities of the Board as well as the 

balance of Independent Directors on the Board. 

1The Singapore Directorship Report 2018 published by Singapore Institute of Directors indicates that 78.3% of Singapore-listed companies 

having seven (7) directors or less, and the most common size to be six (6) directors.

Corporate Governance Report








\ 76

In its review of proposal for appointment or re-appointment 

of each Director as well as KMP, NC will take into 

consideration the composition and progressive renewal of 

the Board, as well as each Director’s competencies, principal 

commitment, contribution and performance (including 

attendance to the meeting, preparedness, participation and 

candour). Such appointment or re-appointment which has 

been recommended by the NC will be deliberated by the 

Board as a whole, and the appointment are reserved for 

the Board’s decision. The Constitution also spells out the 

procedures for the appointment of new Directors, along 

with the re-election and removal of Directors. 

The NC is also tasked to recommend and review succession 

plans for the Company’s Directors and senior management, 

in particular for the Chairman, the CEO and the KMP, taking 

into account the challenges and opportunities facing the 

Group and the skills and experience needed in the future. 

The Company integrates executive development programs 

into CEO and KMP succession planning, and builds 

talent internally through training, so that the best internal 

candidates are identified early and flagged at the Board 

level. Where necessary or appropriate, the NC may tap on its 

networks and/or engage external professional headhunters 

to assist with identifying and shortlisting candidates. The NC 

can also approach relevant institutions such as the Singapore 

Institute of Directors, professional organisations or business 

federations to source for suitable candidates.

Review of Board Independence. The NC reviews and 

determines whether a Director is independent on an annual 

basis, and as and when circumstances require. Each of the 

Independent Directors has submitted a declaration form 

confirming that he is to be considered as independent under 

the requirements of Rule 210(5)(d) of the Listing manual as 

well as the provisions set out in the 2018 Code. Taking into 

consideration the declarations submitted by the Independent 

Directors, as well as the length that the Director has served 

on the Board, the NC has determined that each of the 

Independent Directors is independent in conduct, character 

and judgement, and has no relationship with the Company, 

its related corporations, its substantial shareholders or its 

officers, and there has been no element that could interfere, 

or be reasonably perceived to interfere, with the exercise of 

the Director’s independent business judgment in the best 

interests of the Group. It was also noted that none of the 

members of the Board have served for a continuous period 

of nine (9) years or more, and none of them or their family 

members was employed by, or received significant payment 

from or provided material services to the Group, in FY2018 

or in any of the past three (3) financial years.

Board Orientation, Training and Development. The NC 

oversees and makes recommendations to the Board for 

training and professional development programs available to 

Directors, as well as induction for newly appointed Directors. 

The Board has adopted a set of best practice for Director’s 

training and development and have integrated this into its 

existing induction policy. 

The Policy on Induction, Training and Development for 

Directors (the “Training Policy”) serves (i) to assist the new 

Director who is appointed to the Board for the first time to 

gain an understanding of his or her roles, duties, obligations 

and responsibilities as a Director of the Company, as well 

as the framework within which the Group operates; and 

(ii) to encourage all Directors regularly review his or her 

training and professional development needs, to ensure the 

Directors have appropriate competencies to effectively fulfill 

their responsibilities to the Company and its Shareholders as 

well as stakeholders. 

The induction programme is tailored for each new Director 

(depending on his or her requirements, skills, qualifications 

and experience) and will, as a mandatory requirement, request 

the new Director who has no prior experience as a director 

of a listed company to attend the Listed Entity Director (LED) 

Programme organised by the Singapore Institute of Directors 

with the support of the SGX-ST, to familiarise himself or 

herself with the roles and responsibilities of a director of 

a public listed company. A formal letter of appointment 

setting out the duties and obligations of a Director and the 

time commitment required, as well as information about the 

Group, its operations, business, practices and governance 

systems, is also issued to each newly appointed Director.

To ensure each Director fulfils the needed and desired 

competencies, and keep abreast of changes to the 

regulatory environment, Directors are encouraged to attend 

courses which are relevant to the Directors in discharging 

their roles and responsibilities, at the Company’s expense. 

The list of available seminars and courses is circulated to 

Directors through the board portal. Reading materials in 

connection with professional developments and applicable 

regulatory updates or amendments to relevant laws, rules 

and regulations are also disseminated to Directors through 

the board portal. Comprehensive and useful information 

covering the duties and obligations of a Director, terms of 

reference of Board Committees, Group’s business activities, 

strategic directions, policies and key areas of operations of 

the Group, are also provided in the resource centre under the 

board portal, and is accessible to all Directors. All Directors 

would be offered the opportunity to visit the Group’s major 

operational sites and meet with any of the senior executives 

of the Group.

The CEO and Management regularly update the Board and 

provide insights on business and strategic developments 

at meetings. The Group’s external auditors, Ernst &amp; Young 

LLP, regularly brief the AC members on changes to and new 

developments of accounting and reporting standards and/or 

regulatory environment.

Commitment to the Board. Directors of the Company 

are required to notify the Board of any new appointment 

of directorships to listed companies or other executive 

commitments, for the Board or NC to consider and to 

evaluate whether such Director is able to commit the time to 

adequately carried out his duties as a Director of the Company. 

To ensure that each Director is able to devote sufficient time 

and attention to carrying out his role in accordance with his 

duties, the Board has determined that the maximum number 

of listed company board representations each Director of 

the Company is allowed to hold is as follows: 

(a) directorships without other executive roles – Six (6) 

(b) directorships with other executive roles – Four (4)

Rotation and Re-election of Directors. At each annual 

general meeting (“AGM”), Directors constitutes not less 

than one-third of the Board are required to retire from 

office by rotation, and a Director shall submit himself for 

re-nomination and re-election at regular intervals of at least 

Corporate Governance Report








77 \

once every three (3) years. These requirements are clearly 

stated in the Company’s Constitution and each member of 

the Board has submitted himself for re-nomination and re-

appointment at least once, during the past three (3) years.

Mr Liu, Mr Meyer, Mr Liew Choon Wei and Mr Raymond 

Ferguson, being Directors who have been longest in office 

since their last election, have submitted themselves for  

re-nomination and re-election. Each of them has abstained 

himself 

from 

making 

any 

recommendation 

and/or  

participating in any deliberation in respect of the assessment of 

his own re-election as the Directors. At the recommendation 

of the NC and with the approval of the Board, resolutions 

for the re-appointment of Mr Liu, Mr Meyer, Mr Liew and  

Mr Ferguson as Directors of the Company will be tabled at 

the forthcoming AGM for Shareholders’ approval.

The NC has reviewed and noted that Mr Liew and Mr 

Ferguson, being Independent Directors, do not have any 

relationship as described under Rule 210(5)(d) of the Listing 

Manual, no immediate family relationships with the other 

Directors, the Company or its substantial shareholders, and 

they will be considered independent for the purposes of 

Rule 704(7) of the Listing Rules (where applicable). 

Each of the Directors subject to re-election at the 

forthcoming AGM, will, upon re-appointment as a Director, 

hold the same office in the Board and Board Committees 

immediately held before his re-appointment. 

Board Performance Evaluation. The NC decides how the 

Board’s performance may be evaluated and continues to 

take charge of the annual assessment of the effectiveness of 

the Board as a whole and of each Board Committee, as well 

as the contribution of the Chairman and each Director to the 

effectiveness of the Board. The performance of the Board 

and Board Committee is assessed by the NC on its overall 

effectiveness in accomplishing its goals and discharging its 

responsibilities based upon the following criteria:

(a)  Board size and composition; 

(b)  Board governance processes; 

(c)  Board information and accountability; 

(d)  Board’s performance in relation to discharging its 

principal functions; 

(e)  where practical, financial references which include return 

on capital employed, return on equity, debt/equity ratio, 

dividend pay-out ratio, economic value added, earnings 

per share, and total shareholder return (i.e. dividend plus 

share price increase over the year); and

(f)  Board Committee performance, qualification and 

effectiveness in relation to discharging their responsibilities 

set out in their respective terms of reference.

The evaluation of Chairman aims to assess his leadership, 

commitment as well as his relationship with Board members, 

whereas the individual directors are evaluated based on his 

dedication and understanding of role, preparedness and 

participation in the meetings, as well as quality of inputs to 

matters deliberated by the Board.

A formal evaluation questionnaire was tabulated and circulated 

to all Directors via the board portal, for Directors to rate and 

provide feedback on the performance of the Board, the Board 

Committees, the Chairman and each Director for FY2018. 

The assessment provides insights into the functioning of the 

Board, whilst identifying areas that might need strengthening 

and development. Directors are invited to provide their views 

and suggestions for any specific areas where improvements 

may be made to improve Board effectiveness. Each Director is 

also requested to complete an assessment of each Director’s 

contributions, including himself, to the effectiveness of the 

Board, on anonymous basis.

The findings of the Board evaluation (including feedback and 

comments received from the Directors) are analysed and 

discussed by the NC, in consultation with the Chairman of 

the Board to identify areas for improvement and any training 

required to further enhance the effectiveness of the Board. 

The Board will then review feedback from the NC collectively 

and will decide and agree on action plans. 

Following the review for FY2018, the NC and the Board are 

satisfied that the Chairman as well as each Director has 

contributed to the overall effectiveness of the Board and 

demonstrates commitment to his roles on the Board, and 

that the Board and Board Committees operate effectively 

and have met their respective performance objectives. 

Notwithstanding that certain Directors have multiple board 

representations, these multiple directorships are not in 

conflict with the interests of the Company, and are within the 

maximum number of listed company board representations 

each Director of the Company is allowed to hold. No external 

facilitator was used in the evaluation process.

Strategy and Investment Committee

The StratCom consists of four (4) members, co-chaired by 

the Board’s Chairman, Mr Liu and an Independent Director, 

Mr Ferguson. StratCom’s governing processes, duties and 

responsibilities have been documented under written TOR 

approved by the Board. StratCom supports the Board in the 

following areas:

(a)  defining and monitoring the Company’s strategic direction;

(b)  reviewing and evaluating significant capital deployment 

and asset management; and

(c)  working with the Management to oversee and review 

significant strategic decisions as well as major investment 

or divestment plans. 

Four (4) StratCom meetings were held in FY2018 to review 

the Group’s prospects and long-term development 

strategic planning.

Corporate Governance Report








\ 78

REMUNERATION MATTERS

The Company’s remuneration policy seeks to drive business 

strategy and create long-term shareholder value by attracting 

and motivating employees who are committed to long-term 

career growth with the Company. The RC ensures that the 

remuneration strategy is in line with the Group’s business 

strategy, objectives and values, taking into account the 

long-term sustainability of the Group’s business as well as 

the long-term interests of Shareholders, investors and other 

stakeholders. Reviewing and making recommendations 

to the Board on the framework of remuneration for the 

Board and KMP as well as the specific packages for each 

Director and the KMP, are the key functions of the RC. When 

recommending performance-related remuneration for 

senior management, the RC aims to ensure the level and 

structure of remuneration are appropriate and proportionate 

to the sustained performance and value creation of the Group, 

taking into account the strategic objectives of the Group.

Remuneration Committee

The RC is chaired by an Independent Director, Mr Liew, and 

comprises Mr Nisbet, Mr Khoo and Mr Demierre. The RC is 

of the view that an executive Director would have a better 

understanding of each senior executive’s role and job scope, 

and that including Mr Demierre, an executive Director, on the 

RC is valuable in ensuring that the remuneration packages 

are commensurate with the job duties and responsibilities 

of senior executives. Retaining an RC member who is also 

in an executive position will not lead to a conflict of interest 

or impede the independence of the RC as no Director or 

member of the RC is allowed to participate in the deliberation, 

and has to abstain from voting on any resolution, relating to 

his own remuneration or that of employees related to him. 

RC’s TOR specify that independent directors shall make 

up at least 75% of the RC members whenever its members 

comprise an executive Director.

The key responsibilities and authorities of the RC are as 

follows:

Developing Group Remuneration Policies. The RC is 

responsible for recommending the terms of the Group’s long-

term incentive plans, severance policies and for agreeing 

individual remuneration packages for the Board members 

and KMP. In respect of long-term incentive schemes (if any, 

including share schemes as may be implemented), the RC 

is responsible for considering whether Directors should 

be eligible for benefits under such long-term incentive 

schemes. Any recommendation of the RC will be submitted 

to the Board for consideration and approval. The Board is 

ultimately accountable for all remuneration decisions.

The RC ensures that the remuneration and incentive 

framework, policies and practices are appropriate to attract, 

retain and motivate Directors to provide good stewardship 

of the Company and KMP to successfully manage the 

Company for the long term. The RC considers all aspects 

of 

remuneration 

(including 

directors’ 

fees, 

salaries, 

allowances, bonuses, options, share-based incentives and 

awards, benefits in kind and severance packages) and aims 

to be fair and avoid rewarding poor performance. It also 

reviews the Company’s obligations arising in the event of 

termination of the executive Directors’ and KMP’s contract 

of service, to ensure that such contracts of service contain 

fair and reasonable termination clauses which are not overly 

generous. It may from time to time, and where necessary or 

required, seek advice from external consultants in framing 

its remuneration policy and determining the level and mix of 

remuneration for Directors and KMP. 

The Company has engaged Mercer (Singapore) Pte Ltd 

(“Mercer”), an independent professional firm to review the 

setting of key performance indicators for the Company’s 

senior management for FY2018. Save for the aforementioned 

assignment, Mercer does not have any other relationship 

with the Company and its independence and objectivity are 

not affected. 

Where applicable, the RC will also review annually the 

remuneration of employees related to the Directors, the 

CEO and substantial shareholders to ensure that their 

remuneration packages are in line with the staff remuneration 

guidelines and commensurate with their respective job 

scopes and level of responsibilities. The RC will also review 

and approve bonuses, pay increases and/or promotions for 

these employees, if any. 

Other than the service contracts for the CEO and the 

Executive Director, the Company currently does not impose 

contractual provisions to reclaim incentive components of 

remuneration paid in prior years in the service agreements 

or employment agreements of the KMP. Notwithstanding 

this, the Company is not precluded from exercising the right 

to reclaim such incentives in exceptional circumstances 

including for example, misstatement of financial results or of 

misconduct resulting in financial loss to the Group.

Agreeing the Level and Mix of Remuneration. The key 

considerations of the RC in recommending the level and mix 

of remuneration are:

(a)  to link rewards with performance and offer appropriate 

remuneration and employment conditions to build, 

motivate and retain Directors, KMP and talent; 

(b)  to align the interests of Directors and KMP with the 

interests of Shareholders and other stakeholders; 

(c)  risk policies of the Company, such that the remuneration 

is symmetric with risk outcome and sensitive to the time 

horizon of risk, and

(d)  country-specific practices including the pay and 

employment conditions within the industry.

Remuneration framework as well as specific remuneration 

packages for each Director and KMP, including the CEO, 

are reviewed and discussed in the RC meeting. When it 

recommends the remuneration package to the Board, the 

RC take into consideration the aforementioned factors, the 

strategic direction of the Group and industry practice, and 

benchmarks the remuneration package against relevant 

industry players to ensure that it is adequate and appropriate 

to draw in and motivate high-performing executives. Specific 

remuneration packages for each Director and KMP in respect 

of FY2018 have been approved by the Board.

Corporate Governance Report








79 \

Position

Chairman

Member

Board

100,000

50,000

Audit  

Committee

37,500

12,500

Nominating 

Committee

Basic Fee per annum (SGD)

12,500

6,250

Remuneration 

Committee

12,500

6,250

Strategy and 

Investment 

Committee

6,250

3,125

Board  

and Board 

Committees

1,000 for 

each day of 

attending any 

Board or Board 

Committee 

meeting

Attendance Fee 

(SGD)

The Company submits the quantum of Directors’ Fees of each financial year, which is to be paid quarterly in arrears, to 

Shareholders for approval at its AGM. Shareholders’ approval will be sought at the forthcoming AGM of the Company on  

23 April 2019 in respect of the proposed payment of Directors’ Fees of up to S$750,000 (payable quarterly in arrears) for 

FY2019. The executive Directors are remunerated under their respective service contracts and will not be paid a director’s fee.  

The remuneration of each individual Director for FY2018 is explicitly disclosed on a named basis, on pages 70 to 72 of this 

annual report.

Remuneration of KMP. In conjunction with the expansion of the Group’s operations, the Group has created the position 

of Chief Operating Officer in the course of FY2018. Mr Ng Eng Kiat (former Chief Financial Officer) was nominated and 

appointed to head the Group’s operations. With the addition of this new position, the Company has three (3) KMP (who are 

not Directors or the CEO) for FY2018. Disclosure of their remuneration pursuant to the 2018 Code is as follows:

Note: 

(1) Remuneration Bands are as follows: 

 

Band 1: From S$250,000 up to S$500,000 

 

Band 2: From S$500,001 up to S$750,000 

(2) Designation in FY2018

The total remuneration paid to the three (3) KMP (who are not Directors or the CEO) for FY2018 was approximately S$1,536,000, 

and has been approved by the Board. 

Summary of RC Observations for FY2018. The Group’s remuneration policies are appropriate, effective, meet the commercial 

requirements to remain competitive, are sensitive to the time horizon of risk and allow flexibility in response to prevailing 

circumstances, and align with the long-term interest of the Group. Currently, there are no employee share schemes provided 

by the Company or the Group, and the Company does not have any long-term incentive plans. None of the Directors and 

KMP received any termination, retirement and post-employment benefits. All Directors and the KMP are remunerated on 

an earned basis. The remuneration packages for Directors and KMP for FY2018 are commensurate with their contributions, 

taking into consideration the scope of work, performance, potential and responsibilities of these individuals. Remuneration 

packages for each KMP is principally based on the achievement of the objectives of his functions as set up in the KPI prepared 

by Mercer and agreed by each individual. Qualitative evaluation, such as vocational competence, responsibility at work and 

activity in the workplace, as well as the quality of work in relation to the demands and goals of duties, has also been used 

to evaluate and assess Management’s performance in FY2018. The Board is of the view that the current level and structure 

of remuneration aligns with the long-term interests and risk management policy of the Company and it is satisfied that 

the Directors and Management devoted the necessary time and energy to fulfilling their commitments, and have met the 

aforementioned performance conditions in FY2018. There is no employee in the Group who is a substantial shareholder of 

the Company or immediate family member of a Director or the CEO or substantial shareholders.

Name

Andrew Trevatt

Ng Eng Kiat

Loh Jui Hau

Position

Chief Commercial Officer

Chief Operating Officer and 

Managing Director - SINRIO (2)

Chief Financial Officer

Salary (%)

92.3

92.3

91.7

Allowance/ 

Benefit (%)

–

–

–

Variable Bonus

(%)

7.7

Band 2

7.7

8.3

Band 2

Band 1

Remuneration 

Band(1)

Remuneration of Non-executive Directors. Directors’ Fees which comprise a basic fee and attendance fees, are reviewed 

annually by the RC to benchmark such fees against the amounts paid by other listed companies of similar size. No changes 

were proposed to the Directors’ Fees structure, and the Directors’ Fees structure for the financial year ending 31 December 

2019 (“FY2019”) remains the same as FY2018, and is as follows:

Corporate Governance Report








\ 80

ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

The Board is accountable and answerable to the 

Shareholders for all aspects of the Company. It endeavours 

to ensure that Shareholders are furnished with timely 

information, full disclosure of material information 

and aims to present a balanced and understandable 

assessment of the Company’s performance, position and 

prospects to the Shareholders. The Board is responsible 

for the governance of risks and ensuring that effective 

system of risk management and internal controls is in 

place. Its function relating to overseeing both internal 

and external audits is delegated to the AC.

Accountability

The Company’s financial results are prepared and presented 

in compliance with statutory requirements including 

applicable accounting standards and Listing Rules. The AC 

reviews, deliberates the Company’s quarterly and full-year 

financial results, before submission to the Board for approval. 

The Company’s quarterly and full year financial results are 

provided to Shareholders and published on the SGX-ST 

within the timeline stipulated under the Listing Rules, after 

they are approved by the Board. 

The Management provides monthly reports covering 

operational 

performance, 

financial 

results, 

market 

environment, corporate and business development and 

other relevant information to the Board, to assist the Board to 

make a balanced and informed assessment of the Company’s 

performance, position and prospects. Such regular updates 

and timely reports allow the Board to monitor the Group’s 

performance as well as Management’s performance relating 

to the goals and objectives set by the Board.

Risk Management and Internal Controls

The Board as a whole is responsible for the governance of 

risk and determines the nature and extent of the significant 

risks which the Company is willing to take in achieving its 

strategic objection and value creation. It provides oversight 

in the design, implementation and monitoring of the risk 

management framework and the system of internal controls. 

The Board also ensures that Management puts in place 

action plans to mitigate the risks identified, and undertake 

remedial actions to rectify control lapses. It devotes 

significant attention to maintaining an effective system of 

risk management and internal controls, to safeguard the 

interest of the Company and its Shareholder, and ensure that 

risks are managed in the best interests of the Group. The 

principal risks facing the Company are described under the 

section Risk Management on page 34 of this annual report.

In assessing the effectiveness of the Group’s internal 

controls, the Board focuses on identifying control gaps 

in the business process, areas for improvement and areas 

where controls can be strengthened. This process assists in 

ensuring that primary key objectives are met, material assets 

are properly safeguarded, fraud or errors in the accounting 

records are prevented or detected, accounting records are 

accurate and complete, and reliable financial information 

is prepared in compliance with applicable internal policies, 

laws and regulations. 

The Company has a dedicated team which is responsible for 

developing, monitoring and maintaining risk management 

controls and reporting any key issues to Management. 

A risk management committee (“RMC”) formed by the 

Management which comprises the CEO, Chief Operating 

Officer, Chief Commercial Officer and Chief Financial 

Officer is responsible to assess and determine the nature and 

extent of the financial risks which the Company is allowed to 

take. Under the initiative of RMC, a Group Risk Management 

Policy which imposed appropriate measures and limits 

to control commercial risk exposures has been approved 

by the Board and adopted by the Group, and be reviewed 

regularly to ensure it is symmetric with market environment 

and Group’s operations. 

The internal controls practice of each of the Group’s 

departments or functions is reviewed annually or when 

circumstances warrant the review process, such as during 

the integration process after completion of an acquisition, to 

enhance and standard operating procedures and ensure the 

newly acquired business is fully compliant with the Group’s 

policies and procedures. The Management has identified 

certain control lapses in the procurement process in the 

Ivory Coast’s operations, and that the procurement system 

had since been improved and tighter controls are in force.

Internal Audit

Nexia TS Risk Advisory Pte Ltd (“Nexia”) has been the Group’s 

internal auditor since May 2013. The Board believes that 

outsourcing the internal audit function to a professional 

firm is beneficial as the professional service provider has a 

broad range of expertise, resources, advanced degrees and 

technological specialisation to undertake the internal audit 

of the Group, especially for the Group’s business which has 

global presence.

To ensure that the review on internal controls is conducted 

effectively, Nexia’s primary reporting line is to the AC, and it is 

granted unfettered access to all the Company’s documents, 

records, properties and personnel. It reviews, then evaluates 

and tests the effectiveness of the internal controls on 

material business process including financial, operational, 

compliance and information technology controls that are in 

place in each of the Group’s key operating units. The primary 

functions of the internal audit function are to:

(a)  assess the relevant risks related to the Group’s business 

operations and evaluate if an adequate system of internal 

controls is in place to protect the funds and assets of the 

Group;

(b)  assess if operations of the business processes under 

review are conducted efficiently and effectively and to 

ensure control procedures are complied with; and

(c)  identify and recommend improvement to internal control 

procedures, where required.

Nexia reports to the AC on all matters concerning internal 

controls including any issue identified in the course of internal 

audit as well as the administration and implementation of 

the Group’s internal policies and procedures.

Corporate Governance Report








81 \

Audit Committee

The AC is chaired by the Lead Independent Director, Mr Nisbet, 

and comprises Mr Liew, Mr Khoo and Mr Demierre. The 

members of the AC are professionals who have extensive 

experience in senior management positions, including two 

(2) retired audit partners from Big-four accounting firms with 

extensive accounting and financial management expertise, a 

reputable lawyer from a well-known law firm, as well as an 

Executive Director who knows the business and contributes 

to a constructive relationship between Management and the 

AC. The AC members are therefore appropriately qualified 

to discharge their responsibilities. None of the AC members 

were previous partners or directors of the Company’s 

external audit firm within the last two (2) years and none of 

the AC members hold any financial interest in such external 

audit firm.

The main responsibility and objective of the AC is to assist 

the Board in fulfilling its financial and other oversight 

responsibilities by serving as an independent and objective 

party to oversee, monitor and appraise the integrity of 

the Company’s financial reporting process, the internal 

controls and risk management systems as well as the audits 

processes. Significant findings in the course of its reviews are 

reported to the Board. 

Pursuant to the written TOR endorsed by the Board, AC has 

the following key functions:

(a)  oversight of financial reporting, monitor integrity of the 

Group’s financial statements and any public financial 

reporting;

(b)  review and evaluate with internal and external auditors, 

scope of the audits and reporting obligation, the 

adequacy and effectiveness of the internal controls 

(including 

financial, 

operational, 

compliance 

and 

information technology controls) and risk management 

systems;

(c)  review and consider the appointment or re-appointment 

of the external and internal auditors and matters relating 

to their resignation or dismissal thereof;

(d)  report to the Board at least annually on the effectiveness 

and adequacy of the Company’s risk management and 

internal control systems, including financial, operational, 

compliance and information technology controls;

(e)  review interested person transactions (within the 

definition of the Listing Rules) involving the Group in 

accordance with the Listing Rules;

(f)  review and approve future hedging policy, instruments 

used for hedging and foreign exchange policy and 

practice of the Group; 

(g)  review whistleblowing investigations within the Group 

and ensure appropriate follow-up actions, if any; and

(h)  generally undertake such other functions and duties as 

may be required by the Listing Rules.

To ensure it could discharge its functions properly, AC has the 

explicit authority to investigate any matters within its terms 

of reference and has full access to and the cooperation of 

Management. The AC has full discretion to invite any Director 

or executive officer to attend an AC meeting to answer 

questions which the AC may have. It also has direct access 

to the Company’s external auditors and is conferred the 

authority to source external resources including obtaining 

legal or other professional advice and services. It may 

commission an independent audit on internal controls and 

risk management for its assurance, or where it is not satisfied 

with the systems of internal controls and risk management.

The AC performed, among others, the following core duties 

and activities in FY2018:

Financial Reporting. The AC safeguards the integrity 

in financial reporting and ensures such reporting is in 

compliance with the requirements of the Singapore Financial 

Reporting Standards. It reviews the quarterly and full year 

financial results and related announcements, and oversees 

significant financial reporting issues and assessments, in 

particular, reviews the Group’s application and consistency of 

financial and accounting policies, judgments and practices. 

The AC, when satisfied that the financial results and related 

announcements meet statutory requirements, would submit 

and recommend the release of the financial results and 

related announcements to the Board. Any significant issues 

and judgement that AC considered in relation to the financial 

statements and the actions to address such concerns will 

also be reported to the Board.

External and Internal Audits. AC reviews the overall scope 

of external and internal audits prior to each audit process, to 

ensure material areas are covered and sufficient attention is 

paid to higher risk areas. 

The scope and results of auditing by the Company’s external 

auditors, Ernst &amp; Young LLP (“EY”), its cost effectiveness, 

as well as its independence and objectivity are reviewed 

by the AC annually. EY keeps the AC abreast of changes to 

accounting standards and presents to the AC, any issues 

which have direct impact on the Group’s financial statements. 

During the course of review of the Company’s financial 

statements for FY2018, the AC has discussed each of the 

key audit matters (“KAMs”) with the Management as well as 

EY. The AC has assessed and considered the Management’s 

approach, methodology and assumptions applied to each 

of the KAMs, and was satisfied with the appropriateness of 

the analyses performed by the Management. The AC agrees 

and concurs with the basis and conclusions included in EY’s 

report with respect to the KAMs. For more information on the 

KAMs, please refer to pages 91 and 92 of this annual report.

Internal audits are performed accordingly to the audit 

plan and scope agreed between Nexia and the AC. Nexia 

presented the internal audit reports, which compile the 

detailed findings relevant to the Group’s key operating units 

which it had reviewed, to the AC during quarterly meetings. 

Any material non-compliance or failure in internal controls, 

recommendations for improvements and remedial actions 

taken by Management are reported to the AC. If action plans 

to mitigate the risks are required, the AC would instruct and 

ensure that Management undertakes follow-up actions. 

The AC reviews the adequacy, effectiveness, independence 

and scope of the internal audit function annually, including 

the internal audit plans, activities, budget for internal audit and 

organisational structure of Nexia. It believes that the internal 

audit conducted by Nexia for FY2018 attained professional 

standards, including those promulgated by The Institute of 

Internal Auditors. The AC is satisfied that the internal audit 

Corporate Governance Report








\ 82

function has adequate resources given that there is a team 

of eight (8) members assigned to the Company’s internal 

audits, led by Ms Pamela Chan who has 12 years of relevant 

experience, and Nexia has appropriate standing within the 

Group during FY2018, and that the quantum of fee paid or 

payable to Nexia should not put its objectivity at risk. 

The AC (excluding Mr Demierre) meets with the internal and 

external auditors without the presence of Management at 

least once a year, to obtain feedback on the competency 

and adequacy of the finance function and to ascertain if 

there are any material weaknesses or control deficiencies in 

the Group’s financial reporting and operational systems. Mr 

Demierre, being an Executive Director, has been excluded 

from the aforesaid meeting(s) to ensure that the AC remains 

a platform for external and internal auditors to provide their 

independent opinions without the influence of Management. 

This safeguard is essential to ensure that the presence of an 

Executive Director on the AC will not lead to any conflict of 

interest or impede the independence of the AC.

Governance of Risk. The AC is tasked to assist the Board 

to oversee Management in the design, implementation and 

monitoring of the internal controls and risk management 

systems. 

This 

includes 

identifying 

weaknesses 

and 

recommending areas for improvement and additional risk 

mitigations, where necessary. The Management reviews 

the conditions of the industry and any factors or events 

that may affect the Group’s operations, and presented its 

observation of the potential risks to the AC during quarterly 

meetings. Any material changes to the key risks areas are 

also reported to the AC as soon as they are identified. AC has 

reviewed the up-to-date risk register, the implementation 

and execution of standard operating procedures, as well as 

remedial actions recommended by the internal auditor and 

implemented by Management. The AC reports annually to 

the Board, its view on the effectiveness and adequacy of the 

Group’s internal controls (including financial, operational, 

compliance and information technology controls) and risk 

management systems.

Whistleblowing Framework. The Group has in place and 

has published on its website, a channel to raise concerns 

about any suspected improprieties. Its Whistleblowing Policy 

provides employees and third-parties a direct channel to 

the AC for the raising of concerns about any improprieties 

in matters of financial reporting, or other aspects in 

confidence and in good faith, without fear of reprisal. All 

whistleblowing matters come under the purview of the AC, 

to ensure independent investigation of such matters and for 

appropriate follow-up action. The Whistleblowing Policy and 

its effectiveness will be reviewed by the AC periodically, with 

any recommendations regarding updates or amendments 

being made to the Board as required.

Interested Person Transactions (“IPT”). The AC reviews 

IPTs (if any) at its quarterly meetings and annually with the 

Company’s external auditors, to ensure that established 

procedures for monitoring the IPTs have been complied 

with. The AC is satisfied that the guidelines and review 

procedures established to review IPTs have been complied 

with in FY2018. Further information relating to the IPTs 

during FY2018 is provided under the section “Interested 

Person Transactions”.

Summary of the Board and AC’s Observations 

for FY2018  

The Board is of the view that the AC comprises members with 

requisite qualifications and sufficient financial management 

expertise to discharge the AC’s functions competently. It has 

received assurances from the CEO and CFO that for FY2018:

(a)  the Group’s financial records have been properly 

maintained and the financial statements give a true and 

fair view of the Group’s operations and finances; and 

(b)  considering the weakness in the procurement process 

of the Ivory Coast’s operations has been rectified, the 

Group’s risk management and internal controls systems 

are adequate and effective in addressing the financial, 

operational, compliance and information technology 

risks of the Group. 

With the assurances from the CEO together with the CFO, 

and following its assessment on the following: 

(a)  the reviews of the reports of Nexia;

(b)  internal controls established and maintained by the 

Group; 

(c)  actions taken by the Management according to internal 

auditor’s recommendations;

(d)  remedial actions taken by the Management to rectify the 

control lapses identified and to enhance the procurement 

process in the Ivory Coast; and

(e) reports from EY, 

the Board, with the concurrence of the AC, is of the opinion 

that the Group’s present risk management and internal 

controls systems are adequate and effective in addressing 

the financial, operational, compliance and information 

technology risks of the Group. However, the Board notes 

that the risk management and internal controls provide 

reasonable, but not absolute, assurance against material 

misstatements of loss, and include the safeguarding of 

assets, the maintenance of proper accounting records, 

the reliability of financial information, compliance with 

appropriate legislation, regulation and best practice, and the 

identification and containment of business risk. The Board 

also notes that all internal control systems contain inherent 

limitations and no system of internal controls can provide 

absolute assurance against the occurrence of material 

errors, poor judgement in decision-making, human error 

losses, fraud or other irregularities.

The AC and the Board are satisfied that the aggregate 

amount of audit fees paid and/or payable to EY in connection 

with the audit as well as non-audit services for FY2018 is 

appropriate. Having considered the relevant provisions 

under the applicable regulations, the cooperation extended 

by the Management and the fact that the non-audit services 

were provided by a separate team from EY and that the non-

audit fees comprise less than 30% of the total fees paid and/

or payable to EY, AC is of the view that the independence or 

objectivity of EY is not impaired. For details of fees paid and/

or payable to EY in respect of audit and non-audit services, 

please refer to Note 8 of the Notes to the Financial Statements 

on page 122 of this annual report. Taking into consideration 

all relevant factors (with reference to the audit quality 

Corporate Governance Report








83 \

indicators as published by the Accounting and Regulatory 

Authority) including the adequacy of resources, experience 

of supervisory and professional staff to be assigned to the 

audit process, the quality of work carried out by EY, the size 

and complexity of the Group, its businesses and operations, 

AC has recommended that EY be re-appointed as the 

Company’s external auditors for FY2019. The appointment 

of external auditors of the Group complies with Rules 712 

and 715 of the Listing Rules. Pursuant to Rule 713 of the 

Listing Manual, a successor audit partner-in-charge has been 

identified for FY2019 in place of Ms Lee Lai Hiang, who has 

been the audit partner for five (5) consecutive audits.

SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND 

RESPONSIBILITIES

Shareholder Rights

The Company’s corporate governance practices promote fair 

and equitable treatment of all Shareholders. Shareholders, 

as the owners of the Company, are entitled to attend and 

vote at general meetings, to a share of the Company’s profits 

and all other rights pursuant to The Companies Act (Chapter 

50) of Singapore (the “Companies Act”) as well as the 

provisions of the Company’s Constitution. All the applicable 

provisions under The Companies (Amendment) Act 2014 

and The Companies (Amendment) Act 2017 concerning the 

shareholders’ rights, including the multiple proxies regime, 

have been incorporated into the Company’s Constitution.

The Company recognises that effective communication 

with investors assists the creation and maintenance of an 

informed market, and enhances corporate governance 

by encouraging a culture of transparency in relation to its 

corporate activities and proposals. It has in place an Investor 

Relations Policy which allows for an ongoing exchange of 

views so as to actively engage and promote regular, effective 

and fair communication with Shareholders. The Company 

employs various platforms, including briefing for analysts 

after the release of its quarterly financial results, to effectively 

engage the Shareholders and the investment community, 

with an emphasis on timely, accurate, fair and transparent 

disclosure of information.

Disclosure 

of 

Information. 

The 

Company 

gives 

Shareholders a balanced and understandable assessment 

of its performance, position and prospects. It is the policy 

of the Board that all Shareholders are informed in a 

comprehensive and timely manner on all major or material 

developments that have an impact on the Group. To facilitate 

Shareholders’ rights and to ensure fair communication with 

the Shareholders, all information about the Company’s new 

initiatives which would be likely to materially affect the price 

or value of the Company’s shares are promptly disseminated 

to Shareholders through the following platforms:

(a) SGXnet announcements and news release;

(b)  Annual Report and notice of general meetings issued to 

all Shareholders; 

(c) press releases on major developments of the Group;

(d) the Company’s general meeting; and

(e)  the corporate website (http://www.halcyonagri.com) 

maintained by the Company that allows all stakeholders 

to stay informed of material updates in a timely manner.

Apart from statutory announcements, the Company also 

produces presentation materials and a newsletter – Halcyon 

Days – which publishes the Group’s achievements, updates 

to business operations, important dates and recapitulate any 

big announcements periodically. Halcyon Days is available 

on the Company website and the latest version is made 

available to Shareholders at the Company’s general meeting. 

Materials relating to financial results, press releases, annual 

reports and the Group profile and various other investor-

related information on the Group are also available on the 

Company’s website.

Dividend Policy. The Company currently does not have a 

fixed dividend policy, to allow greater flexibility on the capital 

management. It continually reviews strategic options to 

enhance shareholders value, including potential acquisitions 

or realisation of assets. Any of such strategic actions would 

affect the allocation of fund. The Company recorded a net loss 

and consequently did not declare any dividends in respect of 

FY2018, and will review and/or determine its dividend policy 

at an appropriate time.

Conduct of Shareholder Meetings

General meetings remain the Company’s principal forum 

for dialogue with Shareholders. The Board supports and 

encourages active shareholder participation at general 

meetings. The participation of Shareholders was encouraging 

and Shareholders actively communicated their views in the 

general meetings which were held in FY2018. 

The Company’s general meetings provide an opportune 

forum for Shareholders to meet the Board and senior 

management and to interact with them. The Directors and 

Management actively engage Shareholders before and after 

general meetings, to understand the view of Shareholders, to 

gather inputs and address their concerns. General meetings 

are attended by all Directors whenever possible, and 

would normally be chaired by the Chairman of the Board. 

Chairmen of the Board Committees are also available at the 

meetings to answer any questions relating to the operations 

of the Board Committees. The Company’s external auditors 

are also present to address Shareholders’ queries about the 

conduct of audit and the preparation and content of the 

auditors’ report. 

Updates on the Company’s performance and position are 

presented to the Shareholders in the general meetings, and 

such presentation materials are made available on the SGX-

ST and the Company’s website prior to the meetings, for the 

benefit of the Shareholders.

Shareholders are properly informed of the meeting schedule 

and the agenda of meeting at least 14 or 21 days (as the case 

may be) prior to the date appointed for the general meeting. 

The notice of general meeting issued to all Shareholders is 

advertised in newspapers and disseminated through SGXnet, 

as well as published on the Company’s website.

Rules (including the appointment of proxy(ies) and voting 

procedures) that govern the attendance for general 

meetings are clearly set out in the notice of general meeting 

as well as the proxy form. Pursuant to the Constitution, every 

Shareholder is entitled to attend and vote at the general 

meetings of the Company and is allowed to appoint not 

more than two (2) proxies to vote on his/her behalf at the 

Corporate Governance Report








\ 84

general meetings during his/her absence. Notwithstanding, 

specified intermediaries such as CPF, banks and capital 

market services license holders which provide custodial 

services are allowed to appoint multiple proxies. 

Sufficient 

and 

necessary 

information 

required 

for 

Shareholders to make informed decisions is provided 

or accompanied by the notice convening each general 

meeting. At general meetings, each distinct issue is proposed 

as a separate resolution and Shareholders are given the 

right to express their views and exercise their voting rights 

on each resolution to be debated and decided upon. The 

Company has mandated poll voting since 2014. The polling 

agent appointed by the Company will explain the rules and 

tabulation procedures used for poll voting at the Company’s 

general meetings, before the polling starts. At each general 

meeting, an independent scrutineer is appointed to count 

and validate the votes prior to declaration of poll results 

by the Chairman. Details on voting outcomes including 

the number of votes cast for and against each resolution 

together with the respective percentages are announced 

in the general meeting, and to the public through SGXnet in 

accordance with the format prescribed under the Listing Rules.

The proceedings of general meetings, including significant 

comments or queries from Shareholders relating to the 

agenda of the meeting, and responses from the Board and 

Management are properly recorded. Minutes of general 

meetings are available to Shareholders upon request.

Stakeholder Engagement. Ethical and ecologically sustainable 

business practices are fundamental to the Company’s 

strategy for long-term growth. The Board remains committed 

to working with stakeholders and engages them at all levels 

including customers, competitors, industry associations, 

employees, regulators, and suppliers. The Company adopts 

an inclusive approach by considering and balancing the needs 

and interests of material stakeholders, as part of its overall 

responsibility to ensure that the best interests of the Company 

are served. It has arrangements in place to identify and engage 

with the material stakeholders groups. Other information on 

the Group’s engagement with stakeholders is set out in page 

37 of this annual report.

One of the Company’s major initiatives with the objective of 

connecting material stakeholders in the rubber industry, is 

the launch of HeveaConnect, a digital marketplace for all 

natural rubber stakeholders which supports the Company’s 

commitment towards a more sustainable rubber industry. 

HeveaConnect aims to promote greater price transparency 

in the natural rubber market, and serves as an all-inclusive 

platform for farmers, producers, tyre manufacturers, as 

well as facilitators such as financial institutions, logistics and 

warehousing suppliers. Its goal is to be the leading digital 

marketplace for sustainable natural rubber and a trading 

platform, which embraces supply chain transparency. 

 

DEALING IN SECURITIES

The Company observes and complies with Rule 1207(19) of 

the Listing Rules on dealings in securities and issues quarterly 

notices to its Directors, officers and employees on the 

restrictions in dealing in the Company’s securities during the 

period commencing two (2) weeks before the announcement 

of the Company’s financial results for each of the first three 

quarters of its financial year, and one (1) month before the 

announcement of the Company’s full-year financial results, 

and ending on the date of the announcement of the relevant 

results. Notices prohibiting dealing in Company securities will 

also be sent to the Group’s Directors, officers and employees 

as and when circumstances are deemed appropriate, such 

as when a discussion relating to an acquisition is expected to 

take a long period of time before it achieves certainty. 

Directors, officers and employees are reminded periodically 

not to trade in the Company’s securities at any time while in 

possession of unpublished price sensitive information, and 

to refrain from dealing in the Company’s securities on short-

term considerations. They are also advised to be mindful of 

the laws on insider-trading at all times even when dealing in 

securities within the permitted trading period.

INTERESTED PERSON TRANSACTIONS 

The Group does not have a general mandate from 

Shareholders for IPTs. The assessment of IPTs is under 

the purview of the AC, to ensure that any transaction to 

be entered into with interested persons (as defined in the 

Listing Rules) will be assessed independently, and that the 

transaction is carried out on normal commercial terms and 

are not prejudicial to the interests of the Company or its 

minority Shareholders. 

Any contract to be made with an interested person will 

not be proceeded with unless the pricing is determined in 

accordance with the Group’s usual business practices and 

policies, consistent with the usual margin given or price 

received by the Group for the same or substantially similar 

type of transactions with the unrelated parties, and that 

the terms are not more favourable to the interested person 

than those extended to or received from unrelated parties. 

Where it is impractical or not possible to compare against 

the terms of other transactions with unrelated third parties 

or in situations where the products or services may be 

purchased only from an interested person, such IPT must be 

reviewed and approved by the AC, and the AC member who 

is perceived to be related to the interest person is refrained 

from deliberating, reviewing and approving that particular 

transaction. A review on all IPTs entered into by the Group (if 

any), will be incorporated into the Group’s internal audit plan. 

During FY2018, there were no IPTs which were more than 

S$100,000 entered into by the Group or subject to Listing 

Rules 905, 906 and 907.

MATERIAL CONTRACTS

Other than the service agreements entered into with the 

CEO and the Executive Director, there were no material 

contracts (including loans) entered into by the Company or 

any of its subsidiaries involving the interest of the CEO, any 

Directors, or controlling shareholders which are either still 

subsisting at the end of FY2018 or if not then subsisting, 

entered into since the end of the previous financial year 

ended 31 December 2017.

Corporate Governance Report








85 \

DISCLOSURE ON COMPLIANCE WITH THE CODE

Express disclosure requirements pursuant to the Corporate Governance Disclosure Guide issued by the SGX-ST on  

29 January 2015.

General 

Compliance with all the principles and guidelines of the Code

Guideline 1.5  

The type of material transactions that require board approval under guidelines

Guideline 1.6  

The induction, orientation and training provided to new and existing directors

Guideline 2.1  

Compliance with the guideline on the proportion of independent directors on the Board

Guideline 3.1  

Relationship between the Chairman and the CEO where they are immediate family members

Guideline 2.3  

The Board should identify in the company’s Annual Report each director it considers to be independent. 

Where the Board considers a director to be independent in spite of the existence of a relationship as stated 

in the Code that would otherwise deem a director not to be independent, the nature of the director’s 

relationship and the reasons for considering him as independent should be disclosed

Guideline 2.4  

Where the Board considers an independent director, who has served on the Board for more than nine 

years from the date of his first appointment, to be independent, the reasons for considering him as 

independent should be disclosed

Guideline 2.6

(a)  The Board’s policy with regard to diversity in identifying director nominees

(b)  Whether the current composition of the Board provides diversity on each of the following – skills, 

experience, gender and knowledge of the Company, and elaborate with numerical data where 

appropriate

(c) Steps that the Board has taken to achieve the balance and diversity necessary to maximise its effectiveness

Guideline 1.3 

Delegation of authority, by the Board to any board committee, to make decisions on certain board matters 

Guideline 1.4 

The number of meetings of the Board and board committees held in the year, as well as the attendance 

of every board member at these meetings

Principle and Guidelines

Yes. Page 68

Page 73

Pages 70 to 72

Page 73

Page 76

Page 74

Not Applicable

Not Applicable

Pages 74 

and 75

Pages 68  

and 76

Page reference 

in this  

Annual Report

Corporate Governance Report








\ 86

Guideline 5.1  

The Board should state in the company’s Annual Report how assessment of the Board, its board 

committees and each director has been conducted

Guideline 6.1  

Types of information which the Company provides to independent directors to enable them to 

understand its business, the business and financial environment as well as the risks faced by the 

Company, and the frequency of such information provided

Guideline 7.1  

Names of the members of the RC and the key terms of reference of the RC, explaining its role and the 

authority delegated to it by the Board

Guideline 7.3  

Names and firms of the remuneration consultants (if any) should be disclosed in the annual 

remuneration report, including a statement on whether the remuneration consultants have any 

relationships with the company

Guideline 9.1  

Remuneration of directors, the CEO and at least the top five key management personnel (who are 

not also directors or the CEO) of the company. The annual remuneration report should include the 

aggregate amount of any termination, retirement and post-employment benefits that may be granted 

to directors, the CEO and the top five key management personnel (who are not directors or the CEO)

Guideline 9.2  

Fully disclose the remuneration of each individual director and the CEO on a named basis. There will 

be a breakdown (in percentage or dollar terms) of each director’s and the CEO’s remuneration earned 

through base/fixed salary, variable or performance-related income/bonuses, benefits in kind, stock 

options granted, share-based incentives and awards, and other long-term incentives

Guideline 9.3  

Name and disclose the remuneration of at least the top five key management personnel (who are not 

directors or the CEO) in bands of S$250,000. There will be a breakdown (in percentage or dollar terms) 

of each key management personnel’s remuneration earned through base/fixed salary, variable or 

performance-related income/bonuses, benefits in kind, stock options granted, share-based incentives 

and awards, and other long-term incentives. In addition, the company should disclose in aggregate the 

total remuneration paid to the top five key management personnel (who are not directors or the CEO). 

As best practice, companies are also encouraged to fully disclose the remuneration of the said top five 

key management personnel

Principle 9  

Clear disclosure of remuneration policies, level and mix of remuneration, and procedure for setting 

remuneration

Principle and Guidelines

Page reference 

in this  

Annual Report

Guideline 4.7  

Key information regarding directors, including which directors are executive, non-executive or considered 

by the NC to be independent

Guideline 4.1  

Names of the members of the NC and the key terms of reference of the NC, explaining its role and the 

authority delegated to it by the Board

Guideline 4.6  

Process for the selection, appointment and re-appointment of new directors to the Board, including 

the search and nomination process

Guideline 4.4

(a)  Maximum number of listed company board representations which directors may hold, and the 

reasons for this number should be disclosed 

(b) Specific considerations in deciding on the capacity of directors

Pages 69,  

and 75 to 77

Pages 75  

and 76

Pages 70 to 72, 

and 76

Page 77

Pages 69,  

and 78 to 79

Pages 78 

and 79

Pages 70 to 72, 

and 79

Pages 70 to 72

Page 79

Page 78

 Pages 74, 

76 and 80

Page 76

Corporate Governance Report








87 \

Guideline 11.3

The Board should comment on the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal controls, including 

financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls, and risk management systems 

The commentary should include information needed by stakeholders to make an informed assessment 

of the company’s internal control and risk management systems 

The Board should also comment on whether it has received assurance from the CEO and the CFO:  

(a) that the financial records have been properly maintained and the financial statements give true 

and fair view of the company’s operations and finances; and (b) regarding the effectiveness of the 

company’s risk management and internal control systems

Guideline 12.1

Names of the members of the AC and the key terms of reference of the AC, explaining its role and the 

authority delegated to it by the Board

Guideline 12.6

Aggregate amount of fees paid to the external auditors for that financial year, and breakdown of fees 

paid in total for audit and non-audit services respectively, or an appropriate negative statement

Guideline 12.8

Summary of the AC’s activities and measures taken to keep abreast of changes to accounting standards 

and issues which have a direct impact on financial statements

Guideline 13.1

Whether the Company have an internal audit function

Guideline 15.4

The steps the Board has taken to solicit and understand the views of the shareholders e.g. through 

analyst briefings, investor roadshows or Investors’ Day briefings

Guideline 15.5

Where dividends are not paid, companies should disclose their reasons

Guideline 12.7

The existence of a whistle-blowing policy should be disclosed in the company’s Annual Report

Principle and Guidelines

Page reference 

in this  

Annual Report

Guideline 9.6  

For greater transparency, companies should disclose more information on the link between remuneration 

paid to the executive directors and key management personnel, and performance. The annual 

remuneration report should set out a description of performance conditions to which entitlement to 

short-term and long-term incentive schemes are subject, an explanation on why such performance 

conditions were chosen, and a statement of whether such performance conditions are met

Guideline 9.5  

Details and important terms of employee share schemes

Guideline 9.4  

Details of the remuneration of employees who are immediate family members of a director or the 

CEO, and whose remuneration exceeds S$50,000 during the year. This will be done on a named basis 

with clear indication of the employee’s relationship with the relevant director or the CEO. Disclosure of 

remuneration should be in incremental bands of S$50,000

Not Applicable

Page 79

Page 82

Page 83

Pages 81 

to 83

Pages 80 

to 82

Pages 83  

and 84

 Pages 69 

and 81 to 83

Pages 82  

and 122

Page 79

Page 82

Corporate Governance Report








\ 88







































Financial Contents



Directors’ Statement 

89

Independent Auditor’s Report 

91

Consolidated Income Statement 

94

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 

95

Statements of Financial Position 

96

Statements of Changes in Equity 

98

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 

102

Notes to the Financial Statements 

105








89 \

The directors present their statement to the members together with the audited consolidated financial statements of  

Halcyon Agri Corporation Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) and the statement of  

financial position and statement of changes in equity of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2018.

1.  Opinion of the directors

 

In the opinion of the directors,

 

(i)   the consolidated financial statements of the Group and the statement of financial position and statement of changes 

in equity of the Company are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of 

the Company as at 31 December 2018 and the financial performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the Group 

and changes in equity of the Company for the year ended on that date; and

 

(ii)  at the date of this statement there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as 

and when they fall due.

2. Directors

 

The directors of the Company in office at the date of this statement are:

 

 Liu Hongsheng 

Robert Meyer 

Pascal Demierre 

Alan Nisbet 

Randolph Khoo 

Liew Choon Wei 

Raymond Ferguson 

Wang Wei 

Jeremy Goon 

Qin Jinke

3. Arrangements to enable directors to acquire shares or debentures

 

 Except as disclosed in this report, neither at the end of nor at any time during the financial year was the Company a party to 

any arrangement whose objects are, or one of whose objects is, to enable the directors of the Company to acquire benefits 

by means of the acquisition of shares or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate.

4. Directors’ interest in shares or debentures

 

 The following directors, who held office at the end of the financial year, had, according to the register of directors’ 

shareholdings required to be kept under Section 164 of the Singapore Companies Act, Chapter 50, an interest in the 

shares of the Company and related corporations (other than wholly-owned subsidiaries) as stated below:

Direct interest

Deemed interest

Name of director

At the

beginning of

financial year 

At the end of 

financial year

At the 

beginning of

financial year 

At the end of 

financial year

Ordinary shares of the Company

Robert Meyer (1)

–

–

55,400,000

55,500,000

Pascal Demierre (1)

11,200,000

11,300,000

24,825

24,825

Alan Nisbet

–

–

400,000

400,000

4.5% senior perpetual securities issued by the Company in denominations of US$200,000

Robert Meyer (1)

US$800,000

US$1,300,000

–

–

(1)  By virtue of section 7 of the Companies Act, Chapter 50 of Singapore these directors are deemed to have an interest in 

all the related corporations of the Company.

There was no change in any of the above-mentioned interests in the Company between the end of the financial year and 

21 January 2019.

Except as disclosed in this statement, no director who held office at the end of the financial year had interests in shares, 

share options, warrants or debentures of the Company, or of related corporations, either at the beginning of the financial 

year, or date of appointment if later, or at the end of the financial year.

Directors’ Statement








\ 90

5. Share options

 

(a) Options to take up unissued shares

 

   During the financial year, no option to take up unissued shares of the Company or any corporation in the Group were granted.

 

(b) Options exercised

 

   During the financial year, there were no shares of the Company or any corporation in the Group issued by virtue of the 

exercise of an option to take up unissued shares.

 

(c) Unissued shares under option

 

   At the end of the financial year, there were no unissued shares of the Company or any corporation in the Group under option.

6. Audit committee

 

 The Company’s audit committee (AC) carried out its functions in accordance with section 201B (5) of the Companies 

Act, Chapter 50 of Singapore, and it had performed the following core duties and activities (not exhaustive) during the 

financial year ended 31 December 2018:

 

a)   Reviewed the audit plans, adequacy, effectiveness, scope of audit and reporting obligation of the internal and  

external auditors;

 

b)   Reviewed the quarterly and full year financial statements as well as the auditor’s report, before their submission to the 

board of directors (the “Board”);

 

c)   Assessed and concluded the key audit matters with external auditor;

 

d)   Reviewed the effectiveness of the internal control systems, including financial, operational, compliance and information 

technology controls, as well as the risk management systems;

 

e)    Held a private discussion with the internal and external auditors to discuss matters which would be more appropriately 

deliberated without the presence of the Company’s management, such as the cooperation of and assistance given by 

the Company’s management to the internal and external auditors;

 

f)   Reviewed legal and regulatory matters that may have a material impact on the financial statements;

 

g)   Reviewed and evaluated the services of external auditor including the amount of fees paid and/or payable to the 

external auditor as well as their independence and objectivity; 

 

h)   Reviewed the nature and extent of non-audit services provided by the external auditor;

 

i)   Recommended the re-appointment of the external auditor to the Board;

 

j)   Reported to the Board, the material matters deliberated by the AC with appropriate recommendations (as the case 

may be);

 

k)    Reviewed the policy and arrangements for concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting or other 

matters to be safely raised, independently investigated and appropriately followed up on; and

 

l)   Reviewed interested person transactions which fall under the scope of the Listing Manual of the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited.

 

 The AC, having reviewed all non-audit services provided by the external auditor, is satisfied that the nature and extent of 

such services would not affect the independence of the external auditor.

 

 During the year, four AC meetings were held. The AC also had a private discussion with internal and external auditors, 

without the presence of the Company’s management.

 

Further details regarding the AC are disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report.

7. Auditor

 

Ernst &amp; Young LLP have expressed their willingness to accept re-appointment as auditor.

 

On behalf of the Board of Directors:

 

 

 

Robert Meyer 

Pascal Demierre 

 

Director  

 

Director 

 

Singapore 

 

26 March 2019

Directors’ Statement








91 \

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Halcyon Agri Corporation Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively, 

the “Group”), which comprise the statements of financial position of the Group and the Company as at 31 December 2018, the 

consolidated income statement, consolidated statement of comprehensive income and consolidated cash flow statement of 

the Group and the statements of changes in equity of the Group and the Company for the year then ended, and notes to the 

financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Group, the statement of financial position and the 

statement of changes in equity of the Company are properly drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Companies 

Act, Chapter 50 (the “Act”) and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) (“SFRS(I)”) so as to give a true and fair 

view of the consolidated financial position of the Group and the financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2018 

and of the consolidated financial performance, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of the Group and 

changes in equity of the Company for the year then ended.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Singapore Standards on Auditing (“SSA”s). Our responsibilities under those 

standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our 

report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”) 

Code of Professional Conduct and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities (“ACRA Code”) together with the 

ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Singapore, and we have fulfilled our other 

ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ACRA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we 

have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial 

statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as 

a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter 

below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled our responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section 

of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed 

to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements. The results of our audit 

procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the 

accompanying financial statements.

1.  Impairment of goodwill and process know-how

 

 As at 31 December 2018, the Group’s goodwill and process know-how amounted to US$287,399,000 and US$10,000,000 

respectively. They represent approximately 40% of the Group’s net assets. 

 

 We focused on the impairment assessment of goodwill and process know-how because the impairment testing of the 

cash generating units (“CGUs”) attributable to these intangibles rely on estimates of value-in-use (“VIU”) based on the 

CGU’s expected future cash flows. We considered audit of these cash flow projections to be a key audit matter as these 

involved significant management judgment, and are based on assumptions that are affected by expected future market 

and economic conditions. In addition, judgment has also been exercised by management in identifying the appropriate 

CGUs for the impairment test. 

 

 The Group uses assumptions in respect of future market and economic conditions such as forecasted rubber price, 

forecasted sales volume, growth rates and pre-tax discount rates. We assessed and tested these assumptions which the 

outcome of the impairment test is most sensitive and data inputs by comparing them to historical performance of the 

CGU and industry outlook reports. We engaged our valuation specialists to assist us with the audit of the reasonableness 

of management’s valuation methodologies and certain assumptions used. 

 

 We also reviewed the Group’s process in identifying changes to CGUs to which goodwill and/or intangible assets have 

been allocated to. We obtained and evaluated management’s sensitivity analyses to ascertain the impact of reasonably 

possible changes in key assumptions and we performed our own independent sensitivity calculations to quantify the 

downside changes to management’s models required to result in an impairment.

 

 We also assessed the adequacy of the disclosures concerning those key assumptions to which the outcome of the 

impairment test is most sensitive, as well as changes to CGUs during the year. The disclosures on goodwill and process 

know-how and key assumptions are included in Note 11. 

Independent Auditor’s Report 

To the members of Halcyon Agri Corporation Limited








\ 92

2.  Accounting for acquisitions 

 

 During the financial year ended 31 December 2018, the Group completed three acquisitions as disclosed in Note 14(a)(i).

 

 We considered the audit of accounting for these acquisitions to be a key audit matter as these are significant transactions 

during the year which require significant management judgment regarding the allocation of the purchase price to the 

assets and liabilities acquired, including: identifying intangible assets acquired in the acquisitions and estimating the value 

of such intangible assets.

 

 We have, amongst others, read the sales and purchase agreements in relation to these acquisitions to obtain an 

understanding of the transactions and the key terms. We tested the identification and fair valuation of the acquired 

assets and liabilities by corroborating the result of the identification against our discussion with management 

and understanding of the businesses of the newly acquired entities. We involved our internal specialist to assist 

us in reviewing the valuation methodologies used by management and the external valuation expert engaged by 

management in the fair valuation of acquired assets and liabilities. We assessed the reasonableness of the valuation 

assumptions such as discount and growth rates by comparing these assumptions to source data and market data.  

We have also assessed the competence and relevant experience of the experts engaged by management. 

 

 We also assessed the adequacy of the related disclosures in the financial statements regarding these acquisitions in  

Note 14(a).

Other information

Management is responsible for other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual 

report, but does not include the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance 

conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, 

consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in 

the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is 

a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of management and directors for the financial statements

Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the 

provisions of the Act and SFRS(1), and for devising and maintaining a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to 

provide a reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorised use or disposition; and transactions 

are properly authorised and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair financial statements 

and to maintain accountability of assets.

In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going 

concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless 

management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors’ responsibilities include overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

Independent Auditor’s Report 

To the members of Halcyon Agri Corporation Limited








93 \

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material 

misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance 

is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SSAs will always detect a 

material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually 

or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of 

these financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with SSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 

throughout the audit. We also:

• 

 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design 

and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to 

provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than 

for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the 

override of internal control.

• 

 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 

in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

• 

 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 

disclosures made by management.

• 

 Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 

evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt 

on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required 

to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are 

inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our 

auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

• 

 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether 

the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

• 

 Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities 

within the Group to express an opinion on the financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and 

performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant 

audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding 

independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear 

on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

 From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit 

of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.

We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or 

when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because 

the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such 

communication.

Report on other legal and regulatory requirements 

In our opinion, the accounting and other records required by the Act to be kept by the Company and by those subsidiary 

corporations incorporated in Singapore of which we are the auditors have been properly kept in accordance with the 

provisions of the Act.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Lee Lai Hiang.

Ernst &amp; Young LLP

Public Accountants and 

Chartered Accountants 

Singapore

26 March 2019

Independent Auditor’s Report 

To the members of Halcyon Agri Corporation Limited








\ 94

Note

2018

2017

US$’000

US$’000

Revenue 

4

2,141,034

2,158,383

Cost of sales

(2,022,591)

(2,007,825)

Gross profit

118,443

150,558

Other income

5

6,655

24,920

Selling expenses

(43,859)

(49,295)

Administrative expenses

(81,521)

(79,610)

Administrative expenses – foreign exchange gain

5,342

12,783

Impairment losses on financial assets

(585)

(107)

Operating profit 

4,475

59,249

Finance income

6(a)

4,900

2,950

Finance costs

6(b)

(26,174)

(25,674)

Share of (loss)/profit of associates

(165)

10,043

(Loss)/Profit before tax

8

(16,964)

46,568

Income tax credit/(expense)

7

3,551

(12,038)

(Loss)/Profit for the financial year

(13,413)

34,530

(Loss)/Profit attributable to:

Owners of the Company

(8,484)

31,027

Non-controlling interests

(4,929)

3,503

(13,413)

34,530

(Loss)/Earnings per share (“LPS/EPS”):

Basic and diluted (cents per share)

10

(0.53)

1.95

Consolidated Income Statement 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.








95 \

Note

2018

2017

US$’000

US$’000

(Loss)/Profit for the financial year

(13,413)

34,530

Other comprehensive income

Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss

Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 

(31,711)

45,723

Realisation of foreign currency translation reserve upon  

liquidation of a subsidiary

(5,333)

–

Net fair value loss on derivative financial instruments at  

fair value through other comprehensive income

(315)

–

Net fair value loss on equity instruments at fair value  

through other comprehensive income

(4)

–

Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss

Actuarial gain/(loss) on retirement benefit obligation (net of tax)

3,132

(1,197)

Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the financial year net of tax

(34,231)

44,526

Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the financial year net of tax

(47,644)

79,056

Attributable to:

– Owners of the Company

(40,766)

72,725

– Non-controlling interests

(6,878)

6,331

Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the financial year net of tax

(47,644)

79,056

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.








\ 96

Group

Company

Note

2018

31 Dec 

2017

1 Jan  

2017

2018

31 Dec 

2017

1 Jan  

2017

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

ASSETS

Non-current assets

Intangible assets

11

300,903

200,416

200,496

1,164

–

–

Property, plant and equipment

12

294,972

244,929

244,781

168

1,025

207

Plantation related properties

16

370,183

328,164

281,703

–

–

–

Biological assets

16

10,208

8,861

6,821

–

–

–

Investment properties

13

46,799

25,256

39,791

–

–

–

Deferred tax assets

15

15,056

14,346

13,227

–

–

–

Deferred charges

352

531

207

–

–

–

Other assets

1,787

1,793

259

–

–

–

Loans and other receivables

19

3,491

3,641

3,209

–

–

–

Investment in subsidiaries

14(a)

–

–

–

680,010

600,824

615,640

Investment in associates

14(b)

1,190

–

189,700

–

–

–

Total non-current assets

1,044,941

827,937

980,194

681,342

601,849

615,847

Current assets

Cash and bank balances

17

125,214

152,229

66,625

770

706

430

Trade receivables

18

146,745

121,689

98,066

–

–

–

Loans and other receivables

19

146,186

111,058

51,874

808,726

671,089

372,056

Tax receivables

9,386

2,175

1,767

–

–

–

Derivative financial

instruments

20

44,190

22,885

30,889

670

–

–

Inventories

21

297,941

305,347

319,973

–

–

–

Consumable biological assets

16

17

49

134

–

–

–

769,679

715,432

569,328

810,166

671,795

372,486

Assets of disposal group  

classified as held-for-sale

22

–

89,384

–

–

–

–

Total current assets

769,679

804,816

569,328

810,166

671,795

372,486

Total assets

1,814,620

1,632,753

1,549,522

1,491,508

1,273,644

988,333

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

Current liabilities

Derivative financial

instruments

20

1,920

145

58,786

670

–

–

Trade payables

23

34,570

38,757

46,265

–

–

–

Other payables

24

55,682

60,443

42,699

123,150

155,335

33,776

Loan payables

25

520,400

207,551

244,645

293,750

2,750

2,750

Provision for taxation

12,418

21,040

19,813

1

412

412

Finance lease obligation

30(b)

42

496

497

–

496

465

625,032

328,432

412,705

417,571

158,993

37,403

Liabilities of disposal group  

classified as held-for-sale

22

–

16,463

–

–

–

–

Total current liabilities

625,032

344,895

412,705

417,571

158,993

37,403

Net current assets 

144,647

459,921

156,623

392,595

512,802

335,083

Statements of Financial Position 

As at 31 December 2018








97 \

Group

Company

Note

2018

31 Dec  

2017

1 Jan  

2017

2018

31 Dec  

2017

1 Jan  

2017

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Non-current liabilities

Loan payables

25

391,640

402,960

460,372

297,817

299,367

357,654

Retirement benefit obligations

26

19,024

19,024

17,153

–

–

–

Deferred tax liabilities

15

38,643

30,782

38,710

36

25

25

Finance lease obligation

30(b)

132

86

600

–

86

581

Other payables

24

4,263

1,843

1,850

–

–

–

Total non-current liabilities

453,702

454,695

518,685

297,853

299,478

358,260

Net assets

735,886

833,163

618,132

776,084

815,173

592,670

Capital and reserves

Share capital

27

603,874

603,874

603,874

603,874

603,874

603,874

Perpetual securities

28

148,690

148,690

–

148,690

148,690

–

Capital reserve

29(a)

1,617

711

455

–

–

–

Other reserves

29(b)

(3,313)

–

–

–

–

–

Accumulated (losses)/profits

(51,651)

(5,694)

(33,279)

23,520

62,609

(11,204)

Foreign currency translation reserve

29(c)

7,749

42,672

–

–

–

–

Equity attributable to owners of  

the Company

706,966

790,253

571,050

776,084

815,173

592,670

Non-controlling interests

28,920

42,910

47,082

–

–

–

Total equity

735,886

833,163

618,132

776,084

815,173

592,670

Total liabilities and equity

1,814,620

1,632,753

1,549,522

1,491,508

1,273,644

988,333

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Statements of Financial Position 

As at 31 December 2018








\ 98

Attributable to owners of the Company

Non-

controlling 

interests

Total

equity

Note

Share

capital

Perpetual 

securities

Capital 

reserve

Other 

reserve

Accumulated 

profits/(losses)

Foreign 

currency 

translation 

reserve

Total equity 

attributable 

to owners of 

the Company

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Group

At 1 January 2018 * 

603,874

148,690

711

–

(5,694)

42,672

790,253

42,910

833,163

Effect of adopting SFRS(I) 9

–

–

–

–

(564)

–

(564)

–

(564)

At 1 January 2018 (SFRS(I) framework)

603,874

148,690

711

–

(6,258)

42,672

789,689

42,910

832,599

Loss for the year

–

–

–

–

(8,484)

–

(8,484)

(4,929)

(13,413)

Other comprehensive (loss)/income

–

–

–

(315)

2,956

(34,923)

(32,282)

(1,949)

(34,231)

Total comprehensive loss for the year

–

–

–

(315)

(5,528)

(34,923)

(40,766)

(6,878)

(47,644)

Contributions by and distributions  

to owners

Dividends on ordinary shares

35

–

–

–

–

(24,088)

–

(24,088)

–

(24,088)

Dividend paid to non-controlling 

interests

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

(354)

(354)

Statutory reserve fund

–

–

906

–

(906)

–

–

–

–

Non-controlling interests arising  

from acquisition of a subsidiary

14(a)

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

258

258

Distribution to perpetual securities 

holders

28

–

–

–

–

(6,750)

–

(6,750)

–

(6,750)

Total contributions by and 

distributions to owner

–

–

906

–

(31,744)

–

(30,838)

(96)

(30,934)

Changes in ownership interests in 

subsidiaries

Issuance of shares of a subsidiary to 

non-controlling interests

–

–

–

877

–

–

877

123

1,000

Acquisition of non-controlling interest 

without a change in control

14(a)

–

–

–

–

(8,121)

–

(8,121)

(7,139)

(15,260)

Total changes in ownership interests 

in subsidiaries

–

–

–

877

(8,121)

–

(7,244)

(7,016)

(14,260)

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Statements of Changes in Equity 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








99 \

Attributable to owners of the Company

Non-

controlling 

interests

Total

equity

Note

Share

capital

Perpetual 

securities

Capital 

reserve

Other 

reserve

Accumulated 

profits/(losses)

Foreign 

currency 

translation 

reserve

Total equity 

attributable to 

owners of the 

Company

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Group

Others

Changes to reserve

–

–

–

(208)

–

–

(208)

–

(208)

Put option granted to  

non-controlling interest of a subsidiary

–

–

–

(3,667)

–

–

(3,667)

–

(3,667)

Total others

–

–

–

(3,875)

–

–

(3,875)

–

(3,875)

At 31 December 2018

603,874

148,690

1,617

(3,313)

(51,651)

7,749

706,966

28,920

735,886

*Reconciliation between 1 January 2018 balance under FRS framework, as previously reported, to 1 January 2018 balance prepared based on SFRS(I) framework prior to 

adopting SFRS(1) 9 has been disclosed in Note 37. 

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Statements of Changes in Equity 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 100

Attributable to owners of the Company

Non-

controlling 

interests

Total

equity

Note

Share

capital

Perpetual 

securities

Capital 

reserve

Other 

reserve

Accumulated 

profits/(losses)

Foreign 

currency 

translation 

reserve

Total equity 

attributable 

to owners of 

the Company

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Group

At 1 January 2017 (FRS framework) 

603,874

–

455

–

48,116

(77,448)

574,997

47,082

622,079

Cumulative effects of adopting of 

SFRS(I)

–

–

–

–

(81,395)

77,448

(3,947)

–

(3,947)

At 1 January 2017 (SFRS(I) framework)

603,874

–

455

–

(33,279)

–

571,050

47,082

618,132

Profit for the year

–

–

–

–

31,027

–

31,027

3,503

34,530

Other comprehensive (loss)/income

–

–

–

–

(1,042)

42,740

41,698

2,828

44,526

Total comprehensive income for the year

–

–

–

–

29,985

42,740

72,725

6,331

79,056

Contributions by and distributions  

to owners

Issuance of perpetual securities  

(net of transaction costs)

28

–

148,690

–

–

–

–

148,690

–

148,690

Dividend paid to non-controlling 

interests

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

(183)

(183)

Statutory reserve fund

–

–

256

–

(256)

–

–

–

–

Distribution to perpetual securities 

holders

28

–

–

–

–

(3,375)

–

(3,375)

–

(3,375)

Disposal of a group of subsidiaries

–

–

–

–

–

(68)

(68)

(1,082)

(1,150)

Total contributions by and 

distributions to owner

–

148,690

256

–

(3,631)

(68)

145,247

(1,265)

143,982

Changes in ownership interests in 

subsidiaries

Acquisition of non-controlling interests 

without a change in control

–

–

–

–

1,746

–

1,746

(9,753)

(8,007)

Effect of additional investment in  

a subsidiary

–

–

–

–

(515)

–

(515)

515

–

Total changes in ownership interests 

in subsidiaries

–

–

–

–

1,231

–

1,231

(9,238)

(8,007)

At 31 December 2017

603,874

148,690

711

–

(5,694)

42,672

790,253

42,910

833,163

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Statements of Changes in Equity 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








101 \

Note

Share

capital

Perpetual 

securities

Accumulated 

profits/(losses)

Total equity

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Company

At 1 January 2017  

(FRS and SFRS(I) framework)

603,874

–

(11,204)

592,670

Profit for the year representing total 

comprehensive income for the year

–

–

77,188

77,188

Contributions by and distributions  

to owners

Issuance of perpetual securities  

(net of transaction costs)

28

–

148,690

–

148,690

Distribution to perpetual securities 

holders

–

–

(3,375)

(3,375)

Total transactions with owners in 

their capacity as owners

–

148,690

(3,375)

145,315

At 31 December 2017  

(FRS and SFRS(I) framework)

603,874

148,690

62,609

815,173

Impact of adopting of SFRS(I) 9

–

–

(5)

(5)

At 1 January 2018

603,874

148,690

62,604

815,168

Loss for the year representing total 

comprehensive loss for the year

–

–

(8,246)

(8,246)

Contributions by and distributions 

to owners

Dividends on ordinary shares

35

–

–

(24,088)

(24,088)

Distribution to perpetual securities 

holders

28

–

–

(6,750)

(6,750)

Total transactions with owners in 

their capacity as owners

–

–

(30,838)

(30,838)

At 31 December 2018

603,874

148,690

23,520

776,084

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Statements of Changes in Equity 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 102

Note

2018

2017

US$’000

US$’000

Operating activities

(Loss)/Profit before tax

(16,964)

46,568

Adjustments for:

Depreciation expense

28,479

26,792

Amortisation of intangible assets

372

79

Retirement benefit expense

4,690

3,521

Interest income

(4,900)

(2,950)

Interest expense

26,174

25,674

Fair value (gain)/loss on open forward commodities contracts  

and inventories, unrealised

(54)

2,026

Fair value gain on investment properties

5

(4,515)

(1,258)

Fair value gain on biological assets

5

(1)

(259)

Unrealised foreign exchange loss/(gain)

1,730

(10,508)

Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and investment properties

79

173

Write off of property, plant and equipment

2,781

95

Gain on realisation of foreign currency translation reserve upon  

liquidation of a subsidiary

(5,333)

–

Gain on disposal of an associate

14(b)

–

(18,130)

Gain on disposal of a group of subsidiaries

–

(3,406)

Impairment loss on financial assets

585

107

 Share of loss/(profit) of associates

165

(10,043)

Operating cash flows before changes in working capital

33,288

58,481

Trade and other receivables

(50,340)

(44,887)

Inventories

22,453

(49,839)

Trade and other payables

(29,711)

10,029

Cash used in operations

(24,310)

(26,216)

Interest received

4,371

2,407

Interest paid

(18,828)

(9,641)

Tax paid

(14,165)

(9,229)

Net cash used in operating activities

(52,932)

(42,679)

Investing activities

Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment and  

investment properties

1,517

708

Acquisition of subsidiaries (net of cash acquired)

(109,579)

–

Acquisition of non-controlling interests

(15,260)

(8,007)

Payment on transaction cost

(208)

–

Proceeds from issuance of shares of a subsidiary to non-controlling interests

1,000

–

Proceeds from disposal of subsidiaries

–

10

Proceeds from disposal of an associate

–

225,053

Loan extended to a third party

–

(49,911)

Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment and plantation assets

(78,714)

(54,493)

Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities

(201,244)

113,360

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








103 \

Note

2018

2017

US$’000

US$’000

Financing activities

Net proceeds/(repayment) of borrowings

280,593

(113,310)

Net (repayment)/proceeds of term loans and syndicated loan facility

(15,330)

19,427

Net proceeds/(repayment) of other working capital loans

295,923

(45,446)

Net repayment of Medium Term Notes (“MTN”)

–

(87,291)

Repayment of obligation under finance lease arrangement

(582)

(568)

Net proceeds from issuance of perpetual securities

28

–

148,690

Interest paid on term loans and syndicated facility

(12,356)

(9,727)

Interest paid on MTN and advance to MTN Trust Account

–

(5,820)

Dividend distributed to perpetual securities holders

28

(6,750)

(3,375)

Dividend paid on ordinary shares

35

(24,088)

–

Repayment of shareholder loan for newly acquired subsidiaries

(10,306)

–

Dividend paid to non-controlling interests

(354)

(183)

Decrease/(increase) in pledged deposits

2,288

(4,480)

Net cash generated from financing activities

228,445

11,227

Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents

(25,731)

81,908

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year

153,372

66,625

Effect of exchange rate changes on the balance of cash held in  

foreign currencies

(4,710)

4,839

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year

122,931

153,372

Cash and cash equivalents:

– from continuing operations

17

122,931

149,056

– from disposal group classified as held-for-sale

–

4,316

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year

122,931

153,372

Fixed deposits – pledged:

– from continuing operations

17

2,283

3,173

– from disposal group classified as held-for-sale

–

1,516

Fixed deposits – pledged at the end of year

2,283

4,689

125,214

158,061

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 104

Reconciliation of borrowings arising from financing activities:

Group

Loan payables

Finance lease

US$’000 

(Note 25)

US$’000 

(Note 30(b))

At 1 January 2017

705,017

1,097

Net repayment of borrowings

(113,310)

(568)

Non-cash items:

– Foreign exchange movement

17,251

–

– Others

1,553

53

Total non-cash items

18,804

53

At 31 December 2017

610,511

582

Net proceeds/(repayment) of borrowings

280,593

(582)

Non-cash items:

– Acquisition of subsidiaries

29,064

–

– Foreign exchange movement

(9,328)

–

– Others

1,200

174

Total non-cash items

20,936

174

At 31 December 2018

912,040

174

 

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








105 \

1.  Corporate information

 

 Halcyon Agri Corporation Limited (the “Company”) is a public limited liability company incorporated and domiciled in 

Singapore and is listed on the Main Board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited.

 

The registered office of the Company is located at 250 North Bridge Road, #12-01 Raffles City Tower, Singapore 179101.

 

 As at 31 December 2018, the Company is 54.99% owned by Sinochem International (Overseas) Pte. Ltd, a company 

incorporated and domiciled in Singapore. The penultimate holding company is Sinochem International Corporation Co., 

Ltd. (“SIC”), which is domiciled in the People’s Republic of China and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. SIC is 

55.76% indirectly owned by 中国中化集团公司 (also known as Sinochem Group), a state-owned enterprise of the People’s 

Republic of China. 

 

 The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The principal activities of the subsidiaries and associates are 

disclosed in Note 14(a) and Note 14(b) to the financial statements respectively.

2. Summary of significant accounting policies

 

2.1  (a) Basis of preparation

 

 The consolidated financial statements of the Group and the statement of financial position and statement of 

changes in equity of the Company have been prepared in accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards 

(International) (“SFRS(I)”).

 

    For all periods up to and including the year ended 31 December 2017, the Group prepared its financial statements in 

accordance with Financial Reporting Standards in Singapore (“FRS”). These financial statements for the year ended 31 

December 2018 are the first the Group has prepared in accordance with SFRS(I). Refer to Note 2.1 (b) for information 

on how the Group adopted SFRS(I). 

 

    The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except as disclosed in the accounting 

policies below.

 

    The financial statements are presented in United States Dollar (“USD” or “US$”) and all values in the tables are 

rounded to the nearest thousand (“US$’000”) unless otherwise indicated.

 

 

 

   (b) First-time adoption of Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) (“SFRS(I)”)

 

 These financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018 are the first the Group and the Company have 

prepared in accordance with SFRS(I). Accordingly, the Group and the Company have prepared financial statements 

that comply with SFRS(I) applicable as at 31 December 2018, together with the comparative period data for the 

year ended 31 December 2017, as described in the summary of significant accounting policies. On preparing the 

financial statements, the Group’s and the Company’s opening statement of financial positions were prepared as at  

1 January 2017, the Group and the Company’s date of transition to SFRS(I).

 

    The principal adjustments made by the Group on adoption of SFRS(I) and the adoption of the new standards that are 

effective on 1 January 2018 are disclosed below.

 

   Deferred tax on unremitted foreign sourced income

 

    With the adoption of SFRS(I) by the Group from 1 January 2018 onwards, the Group will no longer be able to apply 

the Recommended Accounting Practice 8 exemption of not providing deferred tax liability for unremitted foreign 

sourced income which it has no intention of remitting into Singapore. As a result, the Group recognised deferred tax 

liabilities of US$4,668,000 and deferred tax expense of US$720,000 with a corresponding decrease in the opening 

retained earnings of US$3,947,000 as of 1 January 2017. 

 

   Exemptions applied on adoption of SFRS(I)

 

    SFRS(I) allows first-time adopters exemptions from the retrospective application of certain requirements under 

SFRS(I). The Group has applied the following exemptions: 

 

   i)  Exemption for cumulative translation differences

 

       Cumulative currency translation differences for foreign operations are deemed to be zero at the date of transition, 

1 January 2017. As a result, an amount of US$77,448,000 of foreign currency translation reserve was adjusted 

against the opening retained earnings as at 1 January 2017. 

 

   ii)   The comparative information do not comply with SFRS(I) 9 Financial Instruments: Disclosures to the extent the 

disclosures relate to item within the scope of SFRS(I) 9. 

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 106

2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont’d)

 

2.1  (b) First-time adoption of Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) (“SFRS(I)”) (cont’d)

 

     New accounting standards effective on 1 January 2018

 

      The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those previously applied under FRS except that in the current 

financial year, the Group has adopted all the SFRS(I) which are effective for annual financial periods beginning on 

or after 1 January 2018. Except for the impact arising from the matters described below, the adoption of these 

standards did not have any material effect on the financial performance or position of the Group and the Company. 

 

      iii) SFRS(I) 9 Financial instruments

 

 

 On 1 January 2018, the Group adopted SFRS(I) 9 Financial instruments, which is effective for annual periods 

beginning on or after 1 January 2018. 

 

 

 The changes arising from adoption of SFRS(I) 9 have been applied retrospectively. The Group has elected to 

apply the exemption in SFRS(I) 1 and has not restated comparative information in the year of initial application. 

The impact arising from SFRS(I) 9 adoption was included in the opening retained earnings at the date of initial 

application, 1 January 2018. The comparative information was prepared in accordance with the requirement 

of FRS39.  

 

 

Impairment

 

 

 SFRS(I) 9 requires the Group to record expected credit losses on all of its financial assets measured at amortised 

cost or fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”). The Group previously recorded impairment 

based on the incurred loss model where there is objective evidence that a financial asset is impaired.

 

 

 Under adoption of SFRS(I) 9, the Group recognised additional impairment on the Group’s trade receivable 

of US$337,000 and other receivables of US$227,000. The additional impairment recognised arising from 

adoption of SFRS(I) 9 above resulted in a corresponding decrease in retained earnings of US$564,000 as at 1 

January 2018. 

 

 

 The Company recognised an additional impairment on the Company’s amounts due from subsidiaries of 

US$4,000 and other receivables of US$1,000 upon adoption of SFRS(I) 9 as at 1 January 2018.

 

 

The reconciliation for loss allowances for the Group are as follows:

Group

Trade receivables

Other receivables

Total

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Opening loss allowances as at 1 January 2018

911

–

911

Amount restated through opening  

retained earnings

337

227

564

Adjusted loss allowances (Note 18(c)/19)

1,248

227

1,475

 

 

 The reconciliation for loss allowances for the Company are as follows:

Company

Amounts due 

from subsidiaries

Other receivables

Total

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Opening loss allowances as at 1 January 2018

–

–

–

Amount restated through opening  

retained earnings

4

1

5

Adjusted loss allowances (Note 19)

4

1

5

 

 

 

 

 Refer to Note 37 for reconciliation of the impact arising from first-time adoption of SFRS(I) including application 

of the new accounting standards on 1 January 2017 to the consolidated statement of financial position and 

consolidated income statement of the Group.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








107 \

2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont’d)

 

2.1  (b) First-time adoption of Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) (“SFRS(I)”) (cont’d)

 

     iv) SFRS(I) 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers

 

 

 SFRS(I) 15 established a five-step model to account for revenue arising from contracts with customers. Under 

SFRS(I) 15, revenue is recognised at an amount that reflects the consideration which an entity expects to be 

entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer.

 

    The Group has assessed the impact of adopting SFRS(I) 15 and concluded the financial impact is not material to  

the Group.

 

2.2  Standards issued but not yet effective

 

 The Group has not adopted the following standards applicable to the Group that have been issued but not yet effective:

Description

Effective for annual periods  

beginning on or after

SFRS(I) 16 Leases

1 January 2019

SFRS(I) INT 23 Uncertainty over Income tax Treatments

1 January 2019

Amendments to SFRS(I) 9 Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation

1 January 2019

Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-28 Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures

1 January 2019

Annual Improvements to SFRS(I)s 2015 – 2017 Cycle

1 January 2019

Amendments to SFRS(I) 10 and SFRS(I) 1 -28 Sale or Contribution of Assets 

between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture

Date to be determined

 

 

 

    Except for SFRS(I) 16, the directors expect that the adoption of the other standards above will have no material 

impact on the financial statements in the period of initial application. The nature of the impending changes in 

accounting policy on adoption of SFRS(I) 16 are described below.

 

   SFRS(I) 16 Leases

 

     SFRS(I) 16 requires lessees to recognise most leases on statement of financial positions to reflect the rights to use the 

leased assets and the associated obligations for lease payments as well as the corresponding interest expense and 

depreciation charges. The standard includes two recognition exemptions for lessees – leases of ‘low value’ assets 

and short term leases. The new standard is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019. At 

commencement date of a lease, a lessee will recognise a liability to make a lease payments (i.e. the lease liability) and 

an asset representing the right to use the underlying asset during the lease term (i.e. the right-of-use asset). Lessees 

will be required to separately recognise the interest expense on the lease liability and the depreciation expense on 

the right-of-use asset.

 

    The Group plans to adopt the new standard on the required effective date by applying SFRS(I) 16 retrospectively with 

the right-of-use assets is recognised at the date of initial application (1 January 2019) at an amount equal to the lease 

liability, using the Group’s current incremental borrowing rates. 

 

   In addition, the Group plans to elect the following practical expedients:

 

   (i)  to apply the exemption not to recognise right-of-use asset and lease liabilities to leases for which the lease term 

ends within 12 months as of 1 January 2019

 

   (ii) to apply single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with reasonably similar characteristics

 

    The Group has performed a preliminary impact assessment based on currently available information, and the 

assessment may be subject to changes arising from the ongoing analysis until the Group adopts SFRS(I) 16 in 2019.

 

    On the adoption of SFRS(I) 16, the Group expects to recognise right-of-use assets of approximately US$11,000,000 

and lease liabilities of approximately US$11,000,000 for its leases previously classified as operating leases.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 108

2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont’d)

 

2.3  Basis of consolidation and business combinations 

 

   (A) Basis of consolidation

 

      The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries 

as at the end of the reporting period. The financial statements of the subsidiaries used in the preparation of 

the consolidated financial statements are prepared for the same reporting date as the Company. Consistent 

accounting policies are applied to like transactions and events in similar circumstances.

 

      All intra-group balances, income and expenses and unrealised gains and losses resulting from intra-group 

transactions and dividends are eliminated in full.

 

      Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date of acquisition, being the date on which the Group obtains control, 

and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

 

     Losses within a subsidiary are attributed to the non-controlling interest even if that results in a deficit balance.

 

      A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity 

transaction. If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it:

 

     •  de-recognises the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities of the subsidiary at their carrying amounts at the 

date when control is lost;

 

     •  de-recognises the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest;

 

     •  de-recognises the cumulative translation differences recorded in equity;

 

     •  recognises the fair value of the consideration received;

 

     •  recognises the fair value of any investment retained;

 

     •  recognises any surplus or deficit in profit or loss;

 

     •  re-classifies the Group’s share of components previously recognised in other comprehensive income to profit 

or loss or retained earnings, as appropriate.

 

   (B) Business combinations and goodwill

 

      Where a business combination involves entities or businesses under common control, it is outside the scope of SFRS(I) 

3 and may be accounted for using the pooling of interest method or the acquisition method. Acquisition method is 

applied when the transaction has substance from the perspective of the Group in accordance with SFRS(I) 3.

 

      Business combinations are accounted for by applying the acquisition method. Identifiable assets acquired and 

liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. 

Acquisition-related costs are recognised as expenses in the periods in which the costs are incurred and the 

services are received.

 

      Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer will be recognised at fair value at the acquisition 

date. Subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration which is deemed to be an asset 

or liability, will be recognised in accordance with SFRS(I) 1-39 either in profit or loss or as a change to other 

comprehensive income. If the contingent consideration is classified as equity, it is not remeasured until it is finally 

settled within equity.

 

      The Group elects for each individual business combination, whether non-controlling interest in the acquiree 

(if any), that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of net assets in 

the event of liquidation, is recognised on the acquisition date at fair value, or at the non-controlling interest’s 

proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. Other components of non-controlling interests are 

measured at their acquisition date fair value, unless another measurement basis is required by another SFRS(I).

 

      Any excess of the sum of the fair value of the consideration transferred in the business combination, the amount 

of non-controlling interest in the acquiree (if any), and the fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interest 

in the acquiree (if any), over the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as 

goodwill. The accounting policy for goodwill is set out in Note 2.10(a). In instances where the latter amount 

exceeds the former, the excess is recognised as gain on bargain purchase in profit or loss on the acquisition date.

 

      Goodwill is initially measured at cost. Following initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any 

impairment losses.

 

      For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition 

date, allocated to the Group’s cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the 

combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units. 

 

      The cash-generating unit to which goodwill have been allocated is tested for impairment annually and whenever 

there is an indication that the cash-generating unit may be impaired. Impairment is determined for goodwill by 

assessing the recoverable amount of each cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which the 

goodwill relates.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








109 \

2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont’d)

 

2.4  Transactions with non-controlling interests

 

    Non-controlling interests represents the equity in subsidiaries not attributable, directly or indirectly, to owners of  

the Company.

 

    Changes in the Company’s ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for 

as equity transactions. In such circumstances, the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests 

are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount by 

which the non-controlling interest is adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised 

directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.

 

2.5  Subsidiaries

 

    A subsidiary is an investee that is controlled by the Group. The Group controls an investee when it is exposed, or has 

rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through 

its power over the investee.

 

    In the Company’s separate financial statements, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less  

impairment losses.

 

2.6  Associates

 

    An associate is an entity over which the Group has the power to participate in the financial and operating policy 

decisions of the investee but does not have control or joint control of those policies.

 

    The Group account for its investments in associates using the equity method from the date on which it becomes 

an associate. On acquisition of the investment, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of 

the net fair value of the investee’s identifiable assets and liabilities is accounted as goodwill and is included in the 

carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the investee’s identifiable 

assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment is included as income in the determination of the entity’s share 

of the associate’s profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.

 

    Under the equity method, the investment in associates are carried in the statement of financial position at cost plus 

post-acquisition changes in the Group’s share of net assets of the associates. The profit or loss reflects the share 

of results of the operations of the associate. Distributions received from associates reduce the carrying amount of 

the investment. Where there has been a change recognised in other comprehensive income by the associates, the 

Group recognises its share of such changes in other comprehensive income. Unrealised gains and losses resulting 

from transactions between the Group and associate are eliminated to the extent of the interest in the associates.

 

    When the Group’s share of losses in an associate equals or exceeds its interest in the associate, the Group does not 

recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.

 

    After application of the equity method, the Group determines whether it is necessary to recognise an additional 

impairment loss on the Group’s investment in associate. The Group determines at the end of each reporting period 

whether there is any objective evidence that the investment in the associate is impaired. If this is the case, the Group 

calculates the amount of impairment as the difference between the recoverable amount of the associate and its 

carrying value and recognises the amount in profit or loss.

 

    The financial statements of the associates are prepared as the same reporting date as the Company. Where necessary, 

adjustments are made to bring the accounting policies in line with those of the Group.

 

2.7  Foreign currency

 

    The financial statements are presented in United States Dollar (“USD”), which is also the Company’s functional 

currency. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial 

statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency.

 

    (a)  Transactions and balances

 

      Transactions in foreign currencies are measured in the respective functional currencies of the Company and its 

subsidiaries and are recorded on initial recognition in the functional currencies at exchange rates approximating 

those ruling at the transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are 

translated at the rate of exchange ruling as at the statement of financial position date. Non-monetary items that 

are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates as at the 

dates of the initial transactions. 

 

      Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items or on translating monetary items at the end of 

the reporting period are recognised in profit or loss.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 110

2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont’d)

 

2.7  Foreign currency (cont’d)

 

   (b) Consolidated financial statements

 

      For consolidation purpose, the assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into USD at the rate of 

exchange ruling at the statement of financial position date and their profit or loss are translated at the exchange 

rates prevailing at the date of the transactions. The exchange differences arising on the translation are recognised 

in other comprehensive income. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of other comprehensive 

income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in profit or loss.

 

2.8  Property, plant and equipment

 

     All items of property, plant and equipment are initially recorded at cost. Subsequent to recognition, property, plant 

and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. The 

cost includes the cost of replacing part of the property, plant and equipment and borrowing costs that are directly 

attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying property, plant and equipment. The 

accounting policy for borrowing costs is set out in Note 2.18. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment 

is recognised as an asset if, and only if, it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow 

to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably.

 

    When significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced in intervals, the Group 

recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciation, respectively. Likewise, when 

a major inspection is performed, its cost is recognised in the carrying amount of the plant and equipment as a 

replacement if the recognition criteria are satisfied. All other repair and maintenance costs are recognised in profit 

or loss as incurred.

 

    Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:

 

     Leasehold improvements and renovation – 10 years 

Office equipment 

– 2 years 

Computers and software 

– 1 to 5 years 

Leasehold buildings 

– 20 years 

Plant and machinery 

– 10 years 

Vehicles 

– 4 to 10 years 

Leasehold land 

– 20 to 95 years

 

     Freehold land is not depreciated. 

 

    Assets under construction included in property, plant and equipment are not depreciated as these assets are not yet 

available for use.

 

    Plantation establishment costs, consisting of costs directly incurred during the period of plantation development, are 

not depreciated. The establishment costs will be transferred to plantation assets and will be subject to depreciation 

upon commencement of rubber tapping activities. 

 

    The carrying values of property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in 

circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.

 

    The residual value, useful life and depreciation method are reviewed at each financial year-end, and adjusted 

prospectively, if appropriate.

 

    An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are 

expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on de-recognition of the asset is included in profit or loss in the 

year the asset is derecognised.

 

2.9  Investment properties

 

    Investment properties are properties that are owned by the Group that are held to earn rentals or for capital 

appreciation, or both, rather than for use in the production or supply of goods or services, or for administrative 

purposes, or in the ordinary course of business. Investment properties comprise completed investment properties 

and properties that are being constructed or developed for future use as investment properties. Properties held 

under operating leases are classified as investment properties when the definition of an investment property is met.

 

   Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including transaction costs.

 

    Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are measured at fair value. Gains or losses arising from 

changes in the fair values of investment properties are included in profit or loss in the year in which they arise.

 

    Investment properties are derecognised when either they have been disposed of or when the investment property is 

permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefit is expected from its disposal. Any gains or losses 

on the retirement or disposal of an investment property are recognised in profit or loss in the year of retirement  

or disposal.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








111 \

2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont’d)

 

2.10 Intangible assets

 

   (a)  Goodwill

 

      Goodwill is initially measured at cost. Following initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any 

accumulated impairment losses.

 

      For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition 

date, allocated to the Group’s cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the 

combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units.

 

      The cash-generating units to which goodwill have been allocated is tested for impairment annually and whenever 

there is an indication that the cash-generating unit may be impaired. Impairment is determined for goodwill by 

assessing the recoverable amount of each cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which the 

goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is less than the carrying amount, 

an impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses recognised for goodwill are not reversed in 

subsequent periods.

 

      Where goodwill forms part of a cash-generating unit and part of the operation within that cash-generating 

unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying amount 

of the operation when determining the gain or loss on disposal of the operation. Goodwill disposed of in this 

circumstance is measured based on the relative fair values of the operations disposed of and the portion of the 

cash-generating unit retained.

 

   (b)  Other intangible assets

 

       Intangible assets acquired separately are measured initially at cost. The cost of intangible assets acquired in 

a business combination is their fair value as at the date of acquisition. Following initial acquisition, intangible 

assets are carried at cost less any accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Internally 

generated intangible assets, excluding capitalised development costs, are not capitalised and expenditure is 

reflected in profit or loss in the year in which the expenditure is incurred.

 

      The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed as either finite or indefinite.

 

      Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortised over the estimated useful lives and assessed for impairment 

whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the 

amortisation method are reviewed at least at each financial year-end. Changes in the expected useful life or 

the expected pattern of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the asset is accounted for by 

changing the amortisation period or method, as appropriate, and are treated as changes in accounting estimates.

 

       Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives or not yet available for use are tested for impairment annually, or more 

frequently if the events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired either individually or 

at the cash-generating unit level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. The useful life of an intangible asset 

with an indefinite useful life is reviewed annually to determine whether the useful life assessment continues to be 

supportable. If not, the change in useful life from indefinite to finite is made on a prospective basis.

 

       Gains or losses arising from de-recognition of an intangible asset are measured as the difference between the 

net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is 

derecognised.

 

     (i)  Process know-how

 

 

   The useful life of the process know-how was estimated to be indefinite because based on the current demand 

for rubber, management believes there is no foreseeable limit to the period over which the process know-

how are expected to generate net cash inflows for the Group.

 

     (ii) Customer relationship

 

 

 Customer relationship acquired was initially recognised at cost and was subsequently carried at cost less 

accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses. These costs are amortised to the income 

statement using the straight line method over 10 years.

 

     (iii) Computer software

 

 

 Acquired computer software licences are initially capitalised at cost and was subsequently carried at cost less 

accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses. These costs are amortised to the income 

statement using the straight line method over 5 years.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 112

2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont’d)

 

2.11  Land use rights

 

    Certain plantation lands in Cameroon were given land use rights by the State of Cameroon in 1996 for a period of  

50 years plus 50 years, renewable at a nominal value to the Group. With the Group’s continuing investment in 

replanting and extension on the plantation land, the Group is of the view that it is not likely that the land use rights 

will not be renewed at the expiry of its current term. As such, land use rights for those lands are deemed to have a 

perpetual life and no depreciation has been provided.

 

2.12 Bearer plants and biological assets

 

    The classification of rubber trees as bearer plant or non-bearer plant depends on the business plan for respective 

rubber plantations, pertinent facts and circumstances surrounding the trees, plantation and relevant local market or 

industry considerations. Rubber trees are not considered bearer plant when there is commercial viable plan to sell 

the rubber tree as lumber at the end of the rubber production life to an established market. 

 

    Bearer plants consist of rubber trees in African plantations and the oil palm trees. Cultivation of seedlings is stated 

at cost. The accumulated cost will be classified as immature plantations at the time of planting. Mature plantations 

are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment. The Group has reassessed its depreciation 

methodology for plantation assets as its significant investment in bearer plants over the last few years is starting to 

reach maturity. The Group concluded that depreciating the mature plantations by the expected yield pattern of the 

bearer plants over their useful lives, estimated at 30 years, is more reflective of the pattern in which the assets future 

benefit are expected to be consumed. The carrying value of bearer plants are reviewed for impairment when events 

or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. A bearer plant is derecognised 

upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising 

on derecognition of the bearer plant is included in the profit or loss when the bearer plant is derecognised. 

 

    Biological assets consist of rubber trees in the Malaysian plantations and produce that grows on oil palm trees in 

the Malaysian plantations, rubber latex in the African plantation and bud wood nursery. These are measured at fair 

value less estimate costs to sell. Gains or losses arising on initial recognition of plantations at fair value less estimated 

costs to sell and from the changes in fair value less estimated costs to sell of plantations at each reporting date are 

included in profit or loss for the period in which they arise.

 

2.13 Impairment of non-financial assets

 

    The Group assesses at each reporting date whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If any 

indication exists, or when an annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Group makes an estimate of the 

asset’s recoverable amount.

 

    An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or cash-generating unit’s fair value less costs of disposal 

and its value in use and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that 

are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets. Where the carrying amount of an asset or 

cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written down to its 

recoverable amount. 

 

    The Group bases its impairment calculation on detailed budgets and forecast calculations which are prepared 

separately for each of the Group’s cash-generating units to which the individual assets are allocated. These budgets 

and forecast calculations are generally covering a period of five years. For longer periods, a long-term growth rate 

is calculated and applied to project future cash flows after the fifth year.

 

   Impairment losses of continuing operations are recognised in profit or loss.

 

    For assets excluding goodwill, an assessment is made at each reporting date as to whether there is any indication 

that previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such indication exists, 

the Group estimates the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s recoverable amount. A previously recognised impairment 

loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the asset’s recoverable amount 

since the last impairment loss was recognised. If that is the case, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to its 

recoverable amount. That increase cannot exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of 

depreciation, had no impairment loss been recognised previously. 

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








113 \

2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont’d)

 

2.14 Financial instruments

 

   (a) Financial assets

 

      Initial recognition and measurement

 

      Financial assets are recognised when, and only when, the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions 

of the financial instrument. The Group determines the classification of its financial assets at initial recognition.

 

      When financial assets are recognised initially, they are measured at fair value, plus, in the case of financial assets 

not at fair value through profit or loss, directly attributable transaction costs. Transaction costs of financial assets 

carried at fair value through profit or loss are expensed in profit or loss. 

 

      Trade receivables are measured at the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in 

exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer, excluding amounts collected on behalf of 

third party, if the trade receivables do not contain a significant financing component at initial recognition.

 

      Subsequent measurement

 

      Debt instruments

 

      (i)  Amortised cost

 

 

 Financial assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely 

payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Financial assets are measured at amortised 

cost using the effective interest method, less impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss 

when the assets are derecognised or impaired, and through the amortisation process.

 

     (ii) Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)

 

 

 Financial assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial assets, where 

the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, are measured at FVOCI. Financial 

assets measured at FVOCI are subsequently measured at fair value. Any gains or losses from changes in fair 

value of the financial assets are recognised in other comprehensive income, except for impairment losses, 

foreign exchange gains and losses and interest calculated using the effective interest method are recognised in 

profit or loss. The cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified 

from equity to profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment when the financial asset is de-recognised.

 

     (iii) Fair value through profit or loss

 

 

 Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at fair value through profit or 

loss. A gain or loss on a debt instruments that is subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss and 

is not part of a hedging relationship is recognised in profit or loss in the period in which it arises.

 

     Derivatives

 

      Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date of derivative contract is entered into and are 

subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of each reporting period. Changes in fair value of derivatives 

are recognised in profit or loss.  

 

     De-recognition

 

      A financial asset is derecognised where the contractual right to receive cash flows from the asset has expired. 

On de-recognition of a financial asset in its entirety, the difference between the carrying amount and the sum 

of the consideration received and any cumulative gain or loss that had been recognised in other comprehensive 

income is recognised in profit or loss.

 

   (b) Financial liabilities

 

     Initial recognition and measurement

 

      Financial liabilities are recognised when, and only when, the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions 

of the financial instrument. The Group determines the classification of its financial liabilities at initial recognition.

 

      All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value plus in the case of financial liabilities not at fair value 

through profit or loss, directly attributable transaction costs.

 

      Subsequent measurement

 

      After initial recognition, financial liabilities that are not carried at fair value through profit or loss are subsequently 

measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss 

when the liabilities are derecognised, and through the amortisation process.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 114

2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont’d)

 

2.14 Financial instruments (cont’d)

 

   (b) Financial liabilities (cont’d) 

 

 

 

     De-recognition

 

      A financial liability is de-recognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expired. 

When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, 

or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a 

de-recognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability, and the difference in the respective 

carrying amounts is recognised in profit or loss.

 

   (c) Gain/loss on commodity contracts

 

      Commodity contracts to buy and sell natural rubber commodities can be subject to net settlement if market 

conditions are favourable. Such commodity contracts and derivative financial instruments are marked to market 

at market rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period. Unrealised gains or losses are taken to profit or 

loss. Market value is generally based on listed market prices. If listed market prices are not available, market 

value is determined based on relevant factors, including trade price quotations, time value and volatility factors 

underlying the commodities and price quotations for similar commodities traded in different markets, including 

markets located in different geographical areas.

 

2.15 Impairment of financial assets

 

    The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at fair value 

through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with 

the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original 

effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit 

enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms. 

 

    ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit 

risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that resulted from default events that are possible 

within the next 12 months (a 12 month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant 

increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is recognised for credit losses expected over the 

remaining life of the exposures, irrespective of timing of the default (an ECL). 

 

    For trade receivables, the Group applies a simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Therefore the Group does not 

track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on ECLs at each reporting date. The 

Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward 

looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment. 

 

    For debt instruments at fair value through OCI, the Group applies the low credit risk simplification. At every reporting 

date, the Group evaluates whether the debt instrument is considered to have low credit risk using all reasonable and 

supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort. In making that evaluation, the Group reassess 

the internal credit rating of the debt instrument. In addition, the Group considers that there has been a significant 

increase in credit risk when the contractual payments are more than 90 days past due. 

 

    The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 365 days past due. However, in 

certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal and external information 

indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account 

any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation 

of recovering the contractual cash flows.

 

2.16 Cash and cash equivalents

 

    Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand and short term deposits that are readily convertible 

to known amount of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








115 \

2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont’d)

 

2.17 Inventories

 

    Inventories except consumables are carried at the fair market value at the end of each reporting period, whereby 

the resulting unrealised gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss. This is an alternative policy allowed by SFRS(I) 

1-2 Inventories for commodity broker or trader, as this better reflect the performance of the Group. The Group’s 

operating activities, including procurement of raw materials, selling of finished goods and entering into forward 

commodity (natural rubber) contracts are subject to movements in the market prices of natural rubber. The Group 

has two main types of sales contracts and purchase contracts; long term contracts (“LTCs”) and spot contracts 

(“Spot”). The prices for LTCs are usually determined based on the average market price for the delivery months, 

whereas the prices for Spot contracts are usually agreed on the day the Spot contracts are entered. In addition to 

the management of the price risk between the sales and purchase activities, which is the key driver and contributor 

to the Group’s profitability, the Group also provided other ancillary services such as processing and distribution.  

The profit for these ancillary services is recognised in the profit or loss only when these services are performed by 

the Group.

 

    Consumables are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is calculated using the weighted average 

method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price less all estimated costs of completion and costs 

to be incurred in marketing, selling and distribution.

 

2.18  Borrowing costs

 

    Borrowing costs are capitalised as part of the cost of a qualifying asset if they are directly attributable to the 

acquisition, construction or production of that asset. Capitalisation of borrowing costs commences when the 

activities to prepare the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress and the expenditures and borrowing costs 

are incurred. Borrowing costs are capitalised until the assets are substantially completed for their intended use or 

sale. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period they occur. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other 

costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.

 

2.19 Provisions

 

    Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, 

it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and 

the amount of the obligation can be estimated reliably.

 

    Provisions are reviewed at the end of each reporting period and adjusted to reflect the current best estimate. If 

it is no longer probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the 

obligation, the provision is reversed. If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted 

using a current pre-tax rate that reflects, where appropriate, the risks specific to the liability. When discounting is 

used, the increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as a finance cost.

 

2.20 Employee benefits

 

   (a) Retirement benefit costs

 

      Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are charged as an expense when employees have 

rendered the services entitling them to the contributions. Payments made to state-managed retirement benefit 

schemes, such as the Singapore Central Provident Fund, are dealt with as payments to defined contribution plans 

where the group’s obligations under the plans are equivalent to those arising in a defined contribution retirement 

benefit plan.

 

      For defined benefit retirement benefit plans, the cost of providing benefits is determined using the Projected Unit 

Credit Method, with actuarial valuations being carried out at the end of each reporting period. Remeasurement 

comprising actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the changes to the asset ceiling (if applicable) and the return 

on plan assets (excluding interest), is reflected immediately in the statement of financial position with a charge or 

credit recognised in other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur. Remeasurement recognised 

in other comprehensive income is reflected immediately in retained earnings and will not be reclassified to profit 

or loss. Service costs which include current service cost, past service cost and gains or losses on non-routine 

settlement are recognised as expense in profit or loss. Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate 

based on high quality long term bonds at the beginning of the period to the net defined benefit liability or asset. 

Net interest on the net defined benefit liability or asset is recognised as expense or income in profit or loss.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 116

2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont’d)

 

2.20 Employee benefits (cont’d)

 

   (a) Retirement benefit costs (cont’d)

 

      Defined benefit costs are categorised as follows:

 

      •  Service cost;

 

      • Net interest expense or income of the net retirement benefit obligation; and 

• Re-measurements of net retirement benefit obligation

 

      The Group presents the first two components of defined benefit costs in profit or loss in the line item ‘Employee 

benefit expense’. Curtailment gains and losses are accounted for as past service costs.

 

      The retirement benefit obligation recognised in the statement of financial position represents the actual deficit 

or surplus in the group’s defined benefit plans. Any surplus resulting from this calculation is limited to the 

present value of any economic benefits available in the form of refunds from the plans or reductions in future 

contributions to the plan.

 

      A liability for a termination benefit is recognised at the earlier of when the entity can no longer withdraw the offer 

of the termination benefit and when the entity recognises any related restructuring costs.

 

   (b) Employee leave entitlement

 

      Employees’ entitlement to annual leave is recognised as a liability when they are accrued to the employees. The 

undiscounted liability for leave expected to be settled wholly before twelve months after the end of the reporting 

period is recognised for services rendered by employees up to the end of the reporting period.

 

2.21 Leases

 

   (a) As lessee

 

       Finance leases which transfer to the Group substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the 

leased item, are capitalised at the inception of the lease at the fair value of the leased asset or, if lower, at the 

present value of the minimum lease payments. Any initial direct costs are also added to the amount capitalised. 

Lease payments are apportioned between the finance charges and reduction of the lease liability so as to achieve 

a constant rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability. Finance charges are charged to profit or loss. 

Contingent rents, if any, are charged as expenses in the periods in which they are incurred.

 

       Capitalised leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset and the lease 

term, if there is no reasonable certainty that the Group will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term.

 

       Operating lease payments are recognised as an expense in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the lease 

term. The aggregate benefit of incentives provided by the lessor is recognised as a reduction of rental expense 

over the lease term on a straight-line basis.

 

   (b) As lessor

 

        Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset 

are classified as operating leases. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating an operating lease are added to the 

carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same bases as rental income. The 

accounting policy for rental income is set out in Note 2.23(c). Contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the 

period in which they are earned.

 

2.22 Non-current assets held-for-sale and discontinued operations

 

    Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held-for-sale are measured at the lower of their carrying 

amount and fair value less costs to sell. Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified as held-for-sale if 

their carrying amounts will be recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. A 

component of the Group is classified as a ‘discontinued operation’ when the criteria to be classified as held-for-sale 

have been met or it has been disposed of and such a component represents a separate major line of business or 

geographical area of operations or is part of a single coordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business 

or geographical area of operations.

 

    Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets once classified as held-for-sale are not depreciated or amortised.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








117 \

2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont’d)

 

2.23 Revenue

 

    Revenue is measured based on the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for 

transferring promised goods or services to a customer, excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties. 

 

    Revenue is recognised when the Group satisfies a performance obligation by transferring  promised goods or services 

to the customer, which is when the customer obtains control of the good or service. A performance obligation may 

be satisfied at a point in time or over time. The amount of revenue recognised is the amount allocated to the satisfied 

performance obligation. 

 

    (a) Sale of goods

 

      Revenue from sale of goods is recognised when goods are delivered to the customer and all criteria for acceptance 

have been satisfied.

 

    (b) Interest income

 

      Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method.

 

    (c) Rental income

 

      Rental income arising from operating leases on investment properties is accounted for on a straight-line basis 

over the lease terms. The aggregate costs of incentives provided to lessees are recognised as a reduction of 

rental income over the lease term on a straight-line basis.

 

2.24 Taxes

 

   (a)  Current income tax

 

      Current income tax assets and liabilities for the current and prior periods are measured at the amount expected 

to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount 

are those that are enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period, in the countries where the 

Group operates and generates taxable income.

 

      Current income taxes are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that the tax relates to items recognised 

outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. Management periodically 

evaluates positions taken in the tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulations are 

subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate.

 

   (b) Deferred tax

 

      Deferred tax is provided using the liability method on temporary differences at the end of the reporting period 

between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.

 

      Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all temporary differences, except:

 

      –  Where the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or of an asset or liability in 

a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the 

accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and

 

      –  In respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and 

interests in joint ventures, where the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and 

it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

 

      Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, the carry forward of unused tax 

credits and unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which 

the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be 

utilised except:

 

      –  Where the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition 

of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, 

affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and

 

      –  In respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and 

interests in joint ventures, deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that the 

temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which 

the temporary differences can be utilised.

 

      The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the 

extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred 

tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and 

are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profit will allow the deferred tax asset 

to be recovered.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 118

2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont’d)

 

2.24 Taxes (cont’d)

 

   (b) Deferred tax (cont’d)

 

      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year when the 

asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively 

enacted at the end of each reporting period.

 

      Deferred tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss. Deferred 

tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either in other comprehensive income or 

directly in equity and deferred tax arising from a business combination is adjusted against goodwill on acquisition.

 

      Tax benefits acquired as part of a business combination, but not satisfying the criteria for separate recognition 

at that date, would be recognised subsequently if new information about facts and circumstances changed. The 

adjustment would either be treated as a reduction to goodwill (as long as it does not exceed goodwill) if it is 

incurred during the measurement period or in profit or loss. 

 

 (c) Sales tax

 

      Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of sales tax except:

 

      –  Where the sales tax incurred on a purchase of assets or services is not recoverable from the taxation authority, 

in which case the sales tax is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense 

item as applicable; and

 

      – Receivables and payables that are stated with the amount of sales tax included.

 

      The net amount of sales tax recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of other 

receivables or other payables in the statement of financial position. 

 

2.25 Share capital and share issuance expenses

 

    Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares are recognised as share capital in equity. Incremental costs directly 

attributable to the issuance of ordinary shares are deducted against share capital. 

 

    Fair valuation of shares are based on the prevailing market price as at the date of issuance.

 

2.26 Perpetual securities

 

    The perpetual capital securities do not have a maturity date and the Company is able to elect to defer or not making 

a distribution subject to the terms and conditions of the securities issue. Accordingly, the Company is not considered 

to have a contractual obligation to make principal repayments or distributions in respect of its perpetual capital 

securities issue and the perpetual capital securities are presented within equity. Distributions are treated as dividends 

which will be directly debited from equity. Costs directly attributable to the issue of the perpetual capital securities 

are deducted against the proceeds from the issue.

 

    On the election of the Company to repay the perpetual securities, the perpetual securities will be reclassified as 

a financial liability under SFRS(I) 1-39. The financial liability is initially recognised at fair value and any difference 

between the carrying amount of the liability and the previously recognised equity instrument is recognised in equity.

 

    No gain or loss is recognised in the profit or loss on the reclassification.

 

2.27 Contingencies

 

    A contingent liability is:

 

    (a)  a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence 

or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group; or

 

    (b) a present obligation that arises from past events but is not recognised because:

 

      (i)  it is not probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the 

obligation; or 

 

     (ii)  the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability.

 

    A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the 

occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group.

 

    Contingent liabilities and assets are not recognised on the statement of financial position of the Group, except for 

contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination that are present obligations and which the fair values can 

be reliably determined. 

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








119 \

2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont’d)

 

2.28 Segment reporting

 

    For management purposes, the Group is organised into operating segments based on their business units Management 

regularly reviews the segment results in order to allocate resources to the segments and to assess the segment 

performance. Additional disclosures on each of these segments are shown in Note 33, including the factors used to 

identify the reportable segments and the measurement basis of segment information.

3. Significant accounting judgements and estimates

 

 The preparation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and 

assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent 

liabilities at the end of each reporting period. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes 

that require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of the asset or liability affected in the future periods.

 

3.1   Judgements made in applying accounting policies

 

    In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, 

apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the 

consolidated financial statements:

 

 (a) Classification of rubber trees as bearer plants or non-bearer plants

 

      The Group has rubber plantations in Malaysia and Africa.

 

       The classification of rubber trees as bearer plant or non-bearer plant depends on the business plan for respective 

rubber plantations, pertinent facts and circumstances surrounding the trees, plantation and relevant local market 

or industry considerations. Rubber trees are not considered bearer plant when there is commercially viable plan 

to sell the rubber tree as lumber to an established market. 

 

       The Group has assessed that there is an established lumber market for rubber trees in Malaysia and it is the 

Group’s business plan to sell the rubber trees as lumber at the end of the rubber production life. 

 

      Therefore, the Group has accounted for:

 

      i)  the rubber trees in its Malaysia plantations as biological assets, which is within the scope of SFRS(I) 1-41, and 

are stated at fair value less estimated costs to sell; and

 

     ii)  the rubber trees in its African plantations as bearer plant which are measured under SFRS(I) 1-16 at  

accumulated cost (before maturity) and using cost model (after maturity).

 

 (b) Impairment of goodwill and process know-how

 

      Judgement has been made by the Group to identify the cash-generating units and assess the future market 

and economic assumptions, such as forecasted rubber price, forecasted sales volume, growth rate and pre-tax 

discount rates. The Group has estimated the recoverable amounts of cash-generating units to which goodwill 

and process know-how has been allocated to, based on value-in-use approach. Estimates used in deriving the 

value-in-use, are disclosed in Note 3.2(a).

 

3.2  Key sources of estimation uncertainty

 

    The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the 

reporting period are discussed below. The Group based its assumptions and estimates on parameters available 

when the financial statements were prepared. Existing circumstances and assumptions about future developments, 

however, may change due to market changes or circumstances arising beyond the control of the Group. Such 

changes are reflected in the assumptions when they occur.

 

 (a)  Impairment of goodwill and process know-how

 

      Determining whether goodwill and process know-how is impaired requires an estimation of the value in use of 

the cash-generating-unit to which the goodwill and process know-how have been allocated. 

 

      The value in use calculation requires the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise, the growth 

rate used for extrapolation purposes and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate present value. The key 

assumptions applied in the determination of the value in use including a sensitivity analysis are disclosed and 

further explained in Note 11 to the financial statements. The Group’s carrying amount of goodwill and process 

know-how at 31 December 2018 is US$297,399,000 (2017: US$199,887,000).

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 120

3. Significant accounting judgements and estimates (cont’d)

 

3.2  Key sources of estimation uncertainty (cont’d)

 

 (b) Purchase price allocation

 

      Purchase accounting requires extensive use of accounting estimates to allocate the purchase price to the fair 

values of the assets and liabilities acquired, including intangible assets. The Group has exercised judgement to 

determine the fair value adjustments required during the purchase price allocation review. Significant estimates 

have been made to determine the fair value adjustments amount. Details of purchase price allocation are disclosed 

in to Note 14(a)(i).

4. Revenue

Group

2018

2017

US$’000

US$’000

Sale of goods

2,141,034

2,158,383

 

Sales of rubber is recognised at point in time. Please refer to Note 33 for disaggregation of revenue.

5. Other income

Group

2018

2017

US$’000

US$’000

Fair value gain on investment properties (Note 13)

4,515

1,258

Fair value gain on biological assets (Note 16)

1

259

Gain on disposal of an associate (Note 14(b))

–

18,130

Gain on disposal of subsidiaries

–

3,406

Others

2,139

1,867

6,655

24,920

6. (a) Finance income

Group

2018

2017

US$’000

US$’000

Interest income:

– Loans and receivables

3,797

542

– Deposits

1,103

2,408

4,900

2,950

6. (b) Finance costs

Group

2018

2017

US$’000

US$’000

Interest expense on:

– Term loans

19,364

18,431

– Medium term notes (“MTN”)

–

4,951

– Working capital loans

18,694

8,715

– Finance lease obligation

22

52

38,080

32,149

Less: interest expense capitalised in:

– Plantation and biological assets (Note 16)

(11,906)

(6,475)

Total finance costs

26,174

25,674

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








121 \

7. Income tax credit/(expense)

Group

2018

2017

US$’000

US$’000

Consolidated income statement

Current tax

Current tax expense 

(5,383)

(13,371)

Over/(under) provision in prior years 

2,252

(51)

Deferred tax

Tax credit relating to the origination and reversal of  

temporary differences (Note 15) 

6,682

1,384

Income tax credit/(expense) recognised in profit or loss

3,551

(12,038)

Relationship between tax credit/(expense) and accounting (loss)/profit

 Reconciliation between tax credit/(expense) and the product of accounting (loss)/profit multiplied by the applicable 

corporate tax rate for the years ended 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2017 are as follows:

Group

2018

2017

US$’000

US$’000

(Loss)/Profit before taxation

(16,964)

46,568

Tax at the domestic income tax rate of 17% (2017: 17%)

2,884

(7,917)

Effect of non-deductible expenses

(7,715)

(4,434)

Effect of non-taxable income

7,551

3,166

Effect of tax exempt income

78

83

Interest income deducted at source

–

286

Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries operating in other jurisdictions

2,059

(2,385)

Deferred tax asset not recognised

(6,550)

(3,435)

Utilisation of previously unrecognised deferred tax asset

2,175

2,858

Reversal of temporary differences relating to deferred tax liability for  

foreign sourced income

1,539

–

Effect of tax incentive at lower rate

(691)

(189)

Share of result of associates

28

–

Over/(under) provision in prior years

2,252

(51)

Others

(59)

(20)

Income tax credit/(expense) recognised in profit or loss

3,551

(12,038)

 

 

 Two of the subsidiaries within the Group, Hevea Global Pte Ltd (“HG”) and New Continent Enterprises (Private) Limited 

(“NCE”) were granted the Global Trader Programme (“GTP”) Incentive subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions. The 

GTP award was granted to HG from 1 July 2016 for a period of 4 years and 6 months and NCE’s GTP was renewed from 

1 January 2019 for a period of 5 years. The qualifying income of HG and NCE shall be taxed at the concessionary tax rate 

of 10%. 

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 122

8. (Loss)/Profit before tax

Group

2018

2017

US$’000

US$’000

(a) (Loss)/Profit before tax has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):

Non-recurring expenses (included within administrative expenses):

– Acquisition related expenses

460

764

Depreciation of property, plant and equipment and plantation  

related properties included in:

– Cost of sales

21,602

20,484

– Selling expenses

94

98

– Administrative expenses

6,783

6,210

28,479

26,792

Foreign exchange gain included in:

– Cost of sales

(1,750)

(175)

– Administrative expenses

(5,342)

(12,783)

(7,092)

(12,958)

Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 11)

372

79

Professional fees

7,301

5,117

Directors’ remuneration

1,156

4,093

Directors’ fees (Note 32)

457

355

Audit fees:

– paid to auditors of the Company

1,220

880

– paid to other auditors

172

106

Non-audit fees:

– paid to auditors of the Company

285

124

Operating lease expense (Note 30)

2,685

2,693

Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and  

investment properties

79

173

Write off of property, plant and equipment

2,781

95

Impairment losses on financial assets

585

107

Inventories recognised as an expense in cost of sales (1)

2,022,591

2,007,825

(1)Included unrealised fair value loss on open forward commodity contracts and adjustment on inventories of 

US$8,052,000 (2017: US$2,026,000)

(b) Employee benefits expenses (including directors’ remuneration):

– Defined benefit plan

4,690

3,521

– Defined contribution plans

2,702

2,070

– Staff welfare

5,757

4,908

– Staff salaries

94,897

87,529

108,046

98,028

Included in:

– Cost of sales

59,782

50,445

– Selling expenses

7,145

6,209

– Administrative expenses

41,119

41,374

108,046

98,028

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








123 \

9. Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (“EBITDA”)

Group

2018

2017

US$’000

US$’000

(Loss)/Profit before taxation

(16,964)

46,568

Adjustments for:

Depreciation expense (Note 8)

28,479

26,792

Finance costs (Note 6(b))

26,174

25,674

Loss on disposal of investment properties and property, plant and equipment 

and write off of property, plant and equipment

2,860

268

Interest income

(4,900)

(2,950)

Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 8)

372

79

Share of loss/(profit) of associates

165

(10,043)

Gain on disposal of an associate (Note 5)

–

(18,130)

Gain on disposal of subsidiaries (Note 5)

–

(3,406)

EBITDA

36,186

64,852

Add: Non-recurring expenses (Note 8)

460

764

Less: Fair value gain on investment properties (Note 5)

(4,515)

(1,258)

Adjusted EBITDA

32,131

64,358

10. (Loss)/Earnings per share (“LPS/EPS”)

Group 

Basic and diluted

2018

2017

US$’000

US$’000

(Loss)/Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company

(8,484)

31,027

Number of ordinary shares 

‘000 

Basic and diluted

Weighted average number of ordinary shares used to compute  

earnings per share

1,595,012

1,595,012

(Loss)/Earnings per share (US Cents)

(0.53)

1.95

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 124

11. Intangible assets 

 

Group

Process 

know-how

Goodwill

Customer 

related 

intangibles

Trademark

Computer 

software

Total

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Cost:

At 1 January 2017

10,000

189,887

700

34

–

200,621

Exchange difference

–

–

–

(1)

–

(1)

At 31 December 2017 and  

1 January 2018

10,000

189,887

700

33

–

200,620

Additions

–

–

–

–

138

138

Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 14(a)(i))

–

97,512

2,100

–

–

99,612

Transfer from property, plant and 

equipment (Note 12)

–

–

–

–

1,109

1,109

At 31 December 2018

10,000

287,399

2,800

33

1,247

301,479

Accumulated amortisation:

At 1 January 2017

–

–

123

2

–

125

Amortisation for the year (Note 8)

–

–

70

9

–

79

As at 31 December 2017 and  

1 January 2018

–

–

193

11

–

204

Amortisation for the year (Note 8)

–

–

280

9

83

372

At 31 December 2018

–

–

473

20

83

576

Net carrying amount:

At 1 January 2017

10,000

189,887

577

32

–

200,496

At 31 December 2017

10,000

189,887

507

22

–

200,416

At 31 December 2018

10,000

287,399

2,327

13

1,164

300,903

The amortisation of customer related intangibles, trademark and computer software is included in administrative expenses 

in the consolidated income statement.

Company

Computer 

software

US$’000

Cost:

At 1 January 2018

–

Additions

138

Transfer from property, plant and equipment (Note 12)

1,109

At 31 December 2018

1,247

Accumulated amortisation:

At 1 January 2018

–

Amortisation for the year

83

At 31 December 2018

83

Net carrying amount:

At 31 December 2018

1,164

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








125 \

11. Intangible assets (cont’d)

 

Process know-how

 

 Process know-how relates to the production of a certain grade of rubber and has been allocated to the HRC Group.  

As explained in Note 2.10(b)(i), the intangible asset has been assessed as having indefinite life so long as there is a  

demand for such rubber. The Group expects continuance for such demand.

 

Goodwill

 

 Goodwill acquired through business combinations have been allocated to following cash-generating units (“CGU”), for 

impairment testing:

Group

2018

US$’000

A CGU within HRC Group

253,130

A CGU within SINRIO Group

4,491

A CGU within Corrie MacColl Group

29,778

287,399

 

Changes to CGU

 

 With effect from 1 January 2018, the Group restructured the Group’s operation into 3 main business segments after 

carrying out review of its operations to streamline its operating structure. Similarly, the CGU to which goodwill and 

intangible assets have been allocated to, have been reallocated in 2018 to different CGUs, which are certain business units 

within each business segment.

 

Customer related intangibles

 

 Customer related intangibles relates to non-contractual customer relationships acquired through business combination. 

The intangible asset has a remaining amortisation period of 6 to 9 years (31 December 2017: 7 years, 1 January 2017: 8 years).

 

Computer software

 

Computer software has a remaining amortisation period of 4 years. 

 

Trademark

 

Trademark has a remaining amortisation period of 2 years. 

 

Impairment testing of goodwill and process know-how with indefinite life

 

 The above goodwill and process know-how was tested for impairment as at 31 December 2018. No impairment loss was 

recognised as at 31 December 2018 as the recoverable amounts of the respective CGU to which goodwill and process 

know-how have been allocated to were in excess of their respective carrying values. The recoverable amount of the 

CGUs have been determined based on value in use calculations using five years cash flow projections from financial 

budgets approved by management and assumed a terminal growth rate thereafter.

 

Key assumptions used in the value in use calculations

Cash generating units/intangible assets

Carrying  

amount as at  

31 December 2018

Discount rate 

(pre-tax)

Growth  

rate

US$’000

HRC Group:

-Goodwill

253,130

10%

2%

-Process know-how

10,000

10%

2%

SINRIO Group:

-Goodwill

4,491

10%

2%

Corrie MacColl Group:

-Goodwill

29,778

10%

2%

Total

297,399

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018


\ 126

11. Intangible assets (cont’d)

 

Key assumptions used in the value in use calculations (cont’d)

Cash generating units/intangible assets

Carrying  

amount as at  

31 December 2017

Discount rate 

(pre-tax)

Growth rate

US$’000

Processing segment:

-Goodwill

183,282

10%

2%

-Process know-how

10,000

10%

2%

Distribution segment:

-Goodwill

6,605

10%

5%

Total

199,887

Cash generating units/intangible assets

Carrying  

amount as at  

1 January 2017

Discount rate 

(pre-tax)

Growth rate

US$’000

Processing segment:

-Goodwill

183,282

10%

1% to 2%

-Process know-how

10,000

10%

2%

Distribution segment:

-Goodwill

6,605

10%

2% - 3%

Total

199,887

 

The calculations of value in use for the CGUs are most sensitive to the following assumptions:

 

 Growth rates – The forecasted growth rates are based on published industry research and do not exceed the long term 

average growth rate for the industries relevant to the CGUs.

 

 Pre-tax discount rates – Discount rates represent the current market assessment of the risks specific to each CGU, 

regarding the time value of money and individual risks of the underlying assets which have not been incorporated in the 

cash flow estimates.

 

 Rubber price – The forecasted rubber price is based on estimated rubber price published by one external industry report.

 

Sensitivity to changes in assumptions

 

 Changes to the assumptions used by management to determine the recoverable value, in particular the pre-tax discount 

rate and growth rate, can have significant impact on the results of the assessment. Management believes that no reasonably 

possible change in any of the above key assumptions would cause the carrying amount of the unit to materially exceed 

its recoverable amount.

 

Additions of goodwill arising from acquisitions

 

 HRC Group

 

 The goodwill of US$69,848,000 from the acquisition of PT Pulau Bintan Djaya, PT Sumber Djantin and PT Sumber Alam 

comprises of the value to continue growing the HAC Group’s business acquisitions and investments, thereby establishing 

itself as a leading global natural rubber supply chain manager. This increases the scale and scope of HAC Group’s HRC 

Group segment and propels the HAC Group to be the largest crumb rubber producer and exporter in Indonesia. The 

acquisitions derive synergic benefits through common corporate infrastructure, supplier consolidation and sharing best 

practices and economies of scale. None of the goodwill recognised is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 

 

Corrie MacColl Group

 

 The goodwill of US$27,664,000 comprises the heritage and strong reputations of Wurfbain, RCMA Americas, Corrie 

MacColl &amp; Son Ltd and Alan L. Grant Rubber. Newly acquired or incorporated assets and subsidiaries, namely Wurfbain 

Polymer B.V., Alan L Grant Polymer, Inc., Corrie MacColl Rubber Ltd., Centrotrade Hatyai Co. Ltd., and Kelvin Terminals B.V. 

(collectively known as “Corrie MacColl”) participates actively throughout the value chain, from sourcing of raw materials 

to marketing, transporting, importing and exporting all leading grades of natural rubber, latex and synthetic rubber. Its 

business operations are backed by strategically located warehouses and experienced teams, offering seamless supply 

chain solutions that meet the needs of its clients globally. None of the goodwill recognised is expected to be deductible 

for income tax purposes.  

 

Details of goodwill arising from acquisitions are disclosed in Note14(a)(i).

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 128

127 \

12. Property, plant and equipment

Group

Leasehold 

improvements  

and renovation

Office 

equipment

Computers and 

software

Leasehold 

buildings

Plant and 

machinery

Vehicles

Leasehold land

Freehold land

Asset under 

construction

Total

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Cost:

At 1 January 2017

7,032

7,758

4,272

97,353

71,873

6,686

56,888

8,300

11,056

271,218

Additions

120

1,222

367

4,545

3,645

2,123

–

–

5,908

17,930

Disposals

–

(414)

(122)

(731)

(2,611)

(2,936)

–

–

(7)

(6,821)

Write offs

(761)

(513)

–

(1)

(47)

–

–

–

(10)

(1,332)

Transfer from plantation related properties (Note 16)

–

–

–

14,566

–

–

–

–

5,934

20,500

Reclassifications

21,411

4,106

109

(18,298)

3,606

2

28

–

(10,964)

–

Reclassification to assets of disposal group classified as held-for-sale  

(Note 22)

–

(149)

(269)

(9,483)

(7,631)

(166)

(2,773)

(8,981)

(297)

(29,749)

Exchange difference

633

877

268

7,874

3,346

640

1,484

681

1,250

17,053

At 31 December 2017 and 1 January 2018

28,435

12,887

4,625

95,825

72,181

6,349

55,627

–

12,870

288,799

Additions

790

4,028

734

846

7,163

2,774

297

–

15,364

31,996

Acquisition of subsidiaries

20

367

36

13,730

9,439

330

13,951

–

6

37,879

Disposals

–

(217)

(246)

(1)

(369)

(577)

–

–

(13)

(1,423)

Write offs

(1,999)

(548)

(137)

(18)

(2,097)

–

–

–

(52)

(4,851)

Transfer to plantation related properties (Note 16)

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

(1,545)

(1,545)

Transfer to intangible assets (Note 11)

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

(1,109)

(1,109)

Reclassifications

(24,437)

786

209

29,141

2,647

(264)

56

–

(8,138)

–

Reclassification from assets of disposal group classified as held-for-sale 

(Note 22)

–

149

269

9,483

7,631

166

2,773

8,981

297

29,749

Exchange difference

(232)

(303)

(477)

(1,550)

(6,916)

(1,978)

(3,609)

–

(1,273)

(16,338)

At 31 December 2018

2,577

17,149

5,013

147,456

89,679

6,800

69,095

8,981

16,407

363,157

Accumulated depreciation and impairment:

At 1 January 2017

552

2,633

1,009

6,989

9,133

1,851

4,270

–

–

26,437

Disposals

–

(350)

(121)

(498)

(2,610)

(2,775)

–

–

–

(6,354)

Depreciation for the year (Note 8)

793

1,516

726

7,109

11,472

1,237

2,189

–

–

25,042

Write offs

(715)

(487)

–

–

(35)

–

–

–

–

(1,237)

Reclassification to assets of disposal group classified as held-for-sale 

(Note 22)

–

(54)

(62)

(227)

(2,175)

(44)

–

–

–

(2,562)

Exchange difference

(470)

191

39

2,377

179

246

(18)

–

–

2,544

At 31 December 2017 and 1 January 2018 

160

3,449

1,591

15,750

15,964

515

6,441

–

–

43,870

Disposals

–

(94)

(211)

–

(217)

(400)

–

–

–

(922)

Depreciation for the year (Note 8)

1,741

1,677

822

7,248

11,758

1,424

2,024

–

–

26,694

Write offs

(40)

(455)

(123)

(13)

(2,056)

–

–

–

–

(2,687)

Transfer to plantation related properties (Note 16)

–

697

33

545

708

312

–

–

–

2,295

Reclassifications

–

(213)

190

–

25

(2)

–

–

–

–

Reclassification from assets of disposal group classified as held-for-sale 

(Note 22)

–

54

62

227

2,175

44

–

–

–

2,562

Exchange difference

(210)

(261)

(52)

(214)

(947)

(1,507)

(436)

–

–

(3,627)

At 31 December 2018

1,651

4,854

2,312

23,543

27,410

386

8,029

–

–

68,185

Net carrying amount:

At 1 January 2017

6,480

5,125

3,263

90,364

62,740

4,835

52,618

8,300

11,056

244,781

At 31 December 2017

28,275

9,438

3,034

80,075

56,217

5,834

49,186

–

12,870

244,929

At 31 December 2018

926

12,295

2,701

123,913

62,269

6,414

61,066

8,981

16,407

294,972

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








129 \

12. Property, plant and equipment (cont’d)

Company

Renovation

Computers

Office 

equipment

Assets under 

construction

Total

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Cost:

At 1 January 2017

189

199

11

–

399

Additions

12

11

7

856

886

At 31 December 2017 and 1 January 2018

201

210

18

856

1,285

Additions

13

51

–

253

317

Transfer to intangible assets (Note 11)

–

–

–

(1,109)

(1,109)

Reclassification

–

7

(7)

–

–

Write off

–

(90)

(7)

–

(97)

At 31 December 2018

214

178

4

–

396

Accumulated depreciation:

At 1 January 2017

30

151

11

–

192

Depreciation for the year

33

35

–

–

68

At 31 December 2017 and 1 January 2018

63

186

11

–

260

Depreciation for the year

35

30

–

–

65

Write off

–

(90)

(7)

–

(97)

At 31 December 2018

98

126

4

–

228

Net carrying amount:

At 1 January 2017

159

48

–

–

207

At 31 December 2017

138

24

7

856

1,025

At 31 December 2018

116

52

–

–

168

 

Assets held under finance lease

 

 As at 31 December 2017, the Company pledged plant and equipment with an aggregate cost of US$2,200,000 under a 

finance lease agreement. These plant and equipment were subsequently sub-leased to a subsidiary in Indonesia for use 

in the natural rubber processing. The carrying amount of the plant and equipment held under finance lease at the end of 

2017 was US$931,000 (1 January 2017: US$1,097,000). The finance lease has been fully repaid during the financial year.  

 

 During the financial year, a subsidiary of the Group pledged vehicles with an aggregate cost of US$219,000 under a 

finance lease agreement. The carrying amount of the vehicles held under finance lease at the end of the financial year 

was US$218,000. 

 

Assets pledged as security

 

 In addition to assets held under finance lease, the Group has pledged certain property, plant and equipment with a 

carrying amount of US$59,933,000 (31 December 2017: US$38,702,000, 1 January 2017: US$30,764,000) to secure the 

Group’s and the Company’s loans and borrowings (Note 25).

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 130

13. Investment properties

Group

2018 

US$’000

2017 

US$’000

Statement of financial position: 

At 1 January

25,256

39,791

Additions

30

–

Fair value gain recognised in profit or loss (Note 5)

4,515

1,258

Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 14(a)(i))

3,616

–

Disposal/write off

(1,712)

(414)

Reclassification from/(to) assets of disposal group classified as held-for-sale (Note 22)

16,656

(16,656)

Exchange difference

(1,562)

1,277

At 31 December

46,799

25,256

Income statement: 

Rental income from investment properties: 

– Minimum lease payments  

20

27

Direct operating expenses (including repairs and maintenance) arising from:

– Rental generating properties

7

27

 

 The Group has no restrictions on the realisability of its investment properties and no contractual obligations to purchase, 

construct or develop investment property or for repairs, maintenance or enhancements.

 

Valuation of investment properties

 

 Investment properties are stated at fair value, which has been determined based on valuations performed as at  

31 December 2018, 31 December 2017 and 1 January 2017. The valuations were performed by independent valuers 

with recognised and relevant professional qualification and with recent experience in the location and category of the 

properties being valued. Details of valuation techniques and inputs used are disclosed in Note 34.

 

The investment properties held by the Group as at 31 December 2018 are as follows:

Description and Location

Existing Use

Tenure Unexpired lease term

Residential houses in Palembang, Indonesia

Residential

Leasehold

1 – 25 years

Lands in Palembang, Indonesia

Vacant land

Leasehold

1 – 16 years

Offices in Palembang, Indonesia

Offices

Leasehold

1 – 15 years

Shophouses in Medan, Indonesia

Shophouse

Leasehold

3 years

Offices in Medan, Indonesia

Offices

Leasehold

4 years

Shophouse in Jakarta, Indonesia

Shophouse

Leasehold

4 years

Residential house in Banjarmasin, Indonesia

Residential

Leasehold

11 years

Shophouse in Jambi, Indonesia

Shophouse

Leasehold

20 years

Land in Pontianak, Indonesia

Vacant land

Leasehold

18 – 19 years

Shophouse in Rantau, Indonesia

Shophouse

Leasehold

13 years

Land in Riau, Indonesia

Vacant land

Leasehold

4 years

Shophouse in Riau, Indonesia

Shophouse

Leasehold

16 years

Commercial offices in Hainan, China

Commercial office

Leasehold

18 – 19 years

Shophouses in Pontianak, Indonesia

Shophouse

Leasehold

4 – 8 years

Land in Songkhla, Thailand

Vacant land

Freehold

–

Land in Pattani, Thailand

Vacant land

Freehold

–

Residential houses and offices in Pattani, Thailand

House and office

Freehold

–

Land and building in Chantaburi, Thailand

Vacant land

Freehold

–

Land and building in Nakornsri, Thailand

Vacant land

Freehold

–

Factory buildings in Nakornsri, Thailand

Vacant factory

Freehold

–

Land in Krabi, Thailand

Vacant land

Freehold

–

Land in Trang, Thailand

Vacant land

Freehold

–

Residential houses in Trang, Thailand

Residential

Freehold

–

Land in Yala, Thailand

Vacant land

Freehold

–

Land in Narathiwas, Thailand

Vacant land

Freehold

–

Residential houses and offices in Narathiwas, Thailand

House and office

Freehold

–

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








131 \

14. Investment in subsidiaries and associates

 

(a) Investment in subsidiaries

Company

2018

 

2017

1 Jan  

2017

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

At 1 January

600,824

615,640

168,008

Additions

78,936

1,184

447,632

Disposals

–

(16,000)

–

Incorporation of a new subsidiary

250

–

–

At 31 December/1 January 2017

680,010

600,824

615,640

 

 During the financial year ended 31 December 2017, the Company has disposed off equity interest in Hevea Global Pte Ltd 

to Halcyon Rubber Company Pte Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.

 

Details of the subsidiaries are as follows:

Name

Country of 

incorporation

Principal  

activities

Proportion (%) of Group effective 

ownership interest

2018

31 Dec 

2017

1 Jan  

2017

Held by the Company

Halcyon Rubber Company Pte. Ltd. (1)

Singapore

Investment  

holding

100.00

100.00

100.00

Corrie MacColl Pte. Ltd.  

(formerly known as Halcyon Rubber 

&amp; Plantations Pte. Ltd.) (1)

Singapore

Investment  

holding

100.00

100.00

100.00

Sinochem International Natural Rubber 

Investment (Overseas) Pte. Ltd. (1)

Singapore

Natural rubber 

trading and 

investment holding

100.00

100.00

100.00

HAC Capital Pte. Ltd. (1) (6)

Singapore

Investment  

holding

100.00

100.00

–

Corrie MacColl Limited  

(formerly known as Corrie MacColl 

Trading Limited) (4)

United  

Kingdom

Investment  

holding

100.00

–

–

HeveaConnect Pte. Ltd. (1) (5)

Singapore

Natural rubber 

trading and supply  

chain platform

90.10

–

–

Hevea Global Pte. Ltd. (1) (6) 

Singapore

Natural rubber 

trading

–

–

100.00

Halcyon Agri Indonesia Pte. Ltd. (1) (6)

Singapore

Investment  

holding

–

–

100.00

SINRIO Malaysia Pte. Ltd.  

(formerly known as Halcyon Agri 

Malaysia Pte. Ltd.) (1) (6)

Singapore

Investment  

holding

–

–

100.00

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 132

14. Investment in subsidiaries and associates (cont’d)

 

(a) Investment in subsidiaries (cont’d)

Name

Country of 

incorporation

Principal activities

Proportion (%) of Group effective 

ownership interest

2018

31 Dec 

2017

1 Jan  

2017

Subsidiaries of Halcyon Rubber Company Pte. Ltd.

Anson Company (Private) Limited (1)

Singapore

Investment  

holding

100.00

100.00

100.00

Hevea Global Pte. Ltd. (1)

Singapore

Natural rubber  

trading

100.00

100.00

–

Subsidiaries of Anson Company (Private) Limited

Halcyon Agri Indonesia Pte. Ltd. (1) (6)

Singapore

Investment  

holding

100.00

100.00

–

PT. Hok Tong (2)

Indonesia

Natural rubber 

processing

99.99

99.99

99.99

PT. Remco (2)

Indonesia

Natural rubber 

processing

75.00

75.00

75.00

PT. Sunan Rubber (2) (6)

Indonesia

Natural rubber 

processing

–

53.75

53.75

PT. Rubber Hock Lie (2) (6)

Indonesia

Natural rubber 

processing

–

99.91

77.78

SDCI Singapore Pte. Ltd. (1) (6)

Singapore

Investment  

holding

–

100.00

–

Subsidiary of Hevea Global Pte. Ltd.

Corrie MacColl International Pte. Ltd.  

(formerly known as Centrotrade 

Holdings Pte. Ltd.) (1) (6)

Singapore

Investment  

holding

–

–

100.00

Subsidiaries of Halcyon Agri Indonesia Pte. Ltd.

PT. Hevea MK (2)

Indonesia

Natural rubber 

processing

100.00

100.00

95.00

PT. Hevea GE (2)

Indonesia

Natural rubber 

processing

100.00

100.00

95.00

Subsidiary of PT. Hok Tong

PT. Bumi Jaya (2) (6)

Indonesia

Natural rubber 

processing

100.00

100.00

–

PT. Sunan Rubber (2) (6)

Indonesia

Natural rubber 

processing

100.00

–

–

PT. Rubber Hock Lie (2) (6)

Indonesia

Natural rubber 

processing

99.91

–

–

PT. GMG Sentosa (2) (6)

Indonesia

Natural rubber 

processing

100.00

–

–

PT. Pulau Bintan Djaya (2)

Indonesia

Natural rubber 

processing

80.00

–

–

PT. Sumber Alam (2)

Indonesia

Natural rubber 

processing

100.00

–

–

PT. Sumber Djantin (2)

Indonesia

Natural rubber 

processing

100.00

–

–

 

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








133 \

14. Investment in subsidiaries and associates (cont’d)

 

(a) Investment in subsidiaries (cont’d) 

Name

Country of 

incorporaton

Principal  

activities

Proportion (%) of Group effective 

ownership interest

2018

31 Dec 

2017

1 Jan  

2017

Subsidiaries of Corrie MacColl Pte. Ltd. (formerly known as Halcyon Rubber &amp; Plantations Pte. Ltd.)

G.P. Sentosa Enterprises Co., Ltd. (3)

Thailand

Investment 

holding

100.00

100.00

100.00

Teck Bee Hang Co., Ltd. (3)

Thailand

Natural rubber 

processing

55.00

55.00

55.00

Ivoirienne de Traitement de 

Caoutchouc S.A. (2)

Ivory Coast

Natural rubber 

processing

60.00

60.00

60.00

GMG Investment Congo SARL (3)

Democratic 

Republic 

of Congo

In liquidation

100.00

100.00

100.00

JFL Agro Sdn. Bhd. (2) (6)

Malaysia

Investment 

holding

100.00

–

–

PT. GMG Sentosa (2) (6)

Indonesia

Natural rubber 

processing

–

75.00

75.00

Corrie MacColl International Pte. Ltd. 

(formerly known as Centrotrade 

Holdings Pte. Ltd.) (1) (6)

Singapore

Investment 

holding

–

100.00

–

Corrie MacColl Plantations Pte. Ltd. 

(formerly known as Cameroon 

Holdings Pte. Ltd.) (1) (6)

Singapore

Investment 

holding

–

100.00

100.00

GMG Holdings Ltd (3)

Singapore

Struck off  

during the year

–

100.00

100.00

GMG Côte d’Ivorie (3)

Ivory Coast

Liquidated  

during the year

–

100.00

100.00

PT. Bumi Jaya (2) (6)

Indonesia

Natural rubber 

processing

–

–

95.00

Subsidiaries of Teck Bee Hang Co., Ltd.

Techem Indusries Co., Ltd. (3)

Thailand

Manufacture &amp; 

distribution of  

plastic products

54.10

54.10

54.10

Teck-Fu Joint Venture Co., Ltd. (3)

Thailand

Natural rubber 

processing

47.30

47.30

47.30

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 134

14. Investment in subsidiaries and associates (cont’d)

 

(a) Investment in subsidiaries (cont’d) 

Name

Country of 

incorporaton

Principal  

activities

Proportion (%) of Group effective 

ownership interest

2018

31 Dec 

2017

1 Jan  

2017

Subsidiary of JFL Agro Sdn. Bhd.

Halcyon Rubber Estate Sdn. Bhd. (2) (6)

Malaysia

Dormant

100.00

–

–

Subsidiaries of Sinochem International Natural Rubber Investment (Overseas) Pte. Ltd.

New Continent Enterprises  

(Private) Limited (1) (6)

Singapore

Natural rubber 

trading and distribution

100.00

100.00

–

SINRIO Malaysia Pte. Ltd.  

(formerly known as Halcyon Agri 

Malaysia Pte. Ltd.) (1) (6)

Singapore

Investment  

holding

100.00

100.00

–

Hainan Sinochem Rubber Co., Ltd. (2)

People’s  

Republic of 

China

Natural rubber 

processing

99.71

99.71

97.37

SDCI Singapore Pte. Ltd. (1) (6)

Singapore

Investment  

holding

100.00

–

–

SINRIO Thailand Pte. Ltd. (1) (5)

Singapore

Investment  

holding

100.00

–

–

Euroma Rubber Industries  

Sendirian Berhad (2) (6)

Malaysia

Natural rubber 

processing

–

–

97.50

Subsidiaries of New Continent Enterprises (Private) Limited

Halcyon Agri Natural Rubber 

 (Shanghai) Limited (2)

People’s  

Republic of 

China

Natural rubber 

trading and distribution

100.00

100.00

100.00

New Continent Enterprises 

GmbH (4) 

Germany

Dissolved  

during the year

–

100.00

100.00

New Continent Enterprises B.V. (4)

Netherlands

Dissolved  

during the year

–

100.00

100.00

Subsidiary of New Continent Enterprises B.V.

New Continent Enterprises Inc. (4)

United States

Dissolved  

during the year

–

100.00

100.00

Subsidiaries of SINRIO Malaysia Pte. Ltd. (formerly known as Halcyon Agri Malaysia Pte. Ltd.)

SINRIO (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.  

(formerly known as Halcyon Agri 

(Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.) (2)

Malaysia

Investment  

holding

100.00

100.00

100.00

JFL Agro Pte. Ltd. (1) (6)

Singapore

Investment  

holding

–

100.00

100.00

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








135 \

Name

Country of 

incorporaton

Principal activities

Proportion (%) of Group effective 

ownership interest

2018

31 Dec 

2017

1 Jan  

2017

Subsidiaries of SINRIO (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. (formerly known as Halcyon Agri (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.)

Hevea KB Sdn. Bhd. (2)

Malaysia

Investment  

holding

100.00

100.00

100.00

Euroma Rubber Industries  

Sendirian Berhad (2) (6)

Malaysia

Natural rubber 

processing

100.00

100.00

–

Halcyon Rubber Estates Sdn. Bhd. (2) (6)

Malaysia

Dormant

–

100.00

100.00

Subsidiaries of Hainan Sinochem Rubber Co., Ltd.

Xishuangbanna Sinochem Rubber  

Co., Ltd. (2) 

People’s 

Republic of 

China

Natural rubber 

processing

96.67

96.67

96.67

Baisha Sinochem Rubber Co., Ltd. (2)

People’s 

Republic of 

China

Dormant

100.00

100.00

100.00

Hainan Baoting Sinochem Rubber  

Co., Ltd. (2)

People’s 

Republic of 

China

Natural rubber 

processing

100.00

100.00

100.00

Shanghai Hancheng Trading Co., Ltd. (2)

People’s 

Republic of 

China

Dormant

100.00

100.00

100.00

Subsidiaries of SDCI Singapore Pte. Ltd.

Société de Développement du 

Caoutchouc Ivoirien S.A. (2)

Ivory Coast

Investment  

holding

100.00

100.00

–

Tropical Rubber Côte d’Ivoire S.A. (2) (6) 

Ivory Coast

Natural rubber 

plantation and 

processing

70.00

70.00

–

Subsidiaries of Corrie MacColl Limited (formerly known as Corrie MacColl Trading Limited)

Corrie MacColl International Pte. Ltd. 

(formerly known as Centrotrade 

Holdings Pte. Ltd.) (1) (6)

Singapore

Investment  

holding

100.00

–

–

Corrie Maccoll Plantations Pte. Ltd. 

(formerly known as Cameroon 

Holdings Pte. Ltd.) (1) (6)

Singapore

Investment  

holding

100.00

–

–

Subsidiaries of Corrie MacColl International Pte. Ltd. (formerly known as Centrotrade Holdings Pte. Ltd.)

Centrotrade Deutschland GmbH (2)

Germany

Natural rubber 

trading and distribution

100.00

100.00

100.00

Centrotrade Minerals and Metals, Inc. (3)

United States

Natural rubber 

trading and distribution

100.00

100.00

100.00

Centrotrade Malaysia Commodities 

Sdn. Bhd. (2)

Malaysia

Natural rubber 

trading and distribution

100.00

100.00

100.00

Wurfbain Polymer B.V. (2)

The 

Netherlands

Investment holding,  

trading and distribution 

of natural rubber 

and latex

100.00

100.00

–

14. Investment in subsidiaries and associates (cont’d)

 

(a) Investment in subsidiaries (cont’d) 

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 136

Name

Country of 

incorporaton

Principal activities

Proportion (%) of Group effective 

ownership interest

2018

31 Dec 

2017

1 Jan  

2017

Subsidiaries of Corrie MacColl International Pte. Ltd. (formerly known as Centrotrade Holdings Pte. Ltd.) (cont’d)

Kelvin Terminals B.V.  

(formerly known as RCMA  

Terminals B.V.) (4)

The 

Netherlands

Storage and trading 

of natural rubber, latex 

and synthetic rubber

100.00

–

–

New Continent Enterprises  

(Private) Limited (1) (6)

Singapore

Natural rubber 

trading and distribution

–

–

100.00

HAC Capital Pte. Ltd. (1) (6)

Singapore

Investment  

holding

–

–

100.00

Centrotrade (Thailand) Co., Ltd. (3) (5)

Thailand

Investment  

holding

49.00

–

–

Shanghai CMI Rubber Co., Ltd. (5)

People’s 

Republic of 

China

Trading and distribution 

of natural rubber 

and rubber related 

products

100.00

–

–

Subsidiaries of Wurfbain Polymer B.V.

Corrie Maccoll Rubber Ltd (4) 

United 

Kingdom

Other business 

support service 

activities

100.00

100.00

–

Corrie Maccoll North America, Inc.(4) (5)

United States

Investment  

holding 

100.00

–

–

Alan L Grant Polymer, Inc. (2) (6)

United States

Trading and distribution 

of natural rubber, latex 

and synthetic rubber

–

100.00

–

Subsidiaries of Corrie MacColl North America, Inc.

Alan L Grant Polymer, Inc. (2) (6)

United States

Trading and distribution 

of natural rubber, latex 

and synthetic rubber

100.00

–

–

Momentum Technologies  

Laboratories, Inc. (4) (5)

United States

Provides laboratory 

services specialising 

in thermoplastic 

elastomers, resins, 

latex, polymers,  

and additives

100.00

–

–

Centrotrade Rubber, Inc. (4) (5)

United States

Trading and distribution 

of natural rubber, latex 

and synthetic rubber

100.00

–

–

Subsidiaries of Centrotrade (Thailand) Co., Ltd

Centrotrade Hatyai Co., Ltd.  

(formerly known as RCMA  

(Hatyai) Limited) (3)

Thailand

Trading and distribution 

of natural rubber, latex 

and synthetic rubber

100.00

–

–

14. Investment in subsidiaries and associates (cont’d)

 

(a) Investment in subsidiaries (cont’d) 

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








137 \

14. Investment in subsidiaries and associates (cont’d)

 

(a) Investment in subsidiaries (cont’d) 

Name

Country of 

incorporaton

Principal activities

Proportion (%) of Group effective 

ownership interest

2018

31 Dec 

2017

1 Jan  

2017

Subsidiaries of Corrie MacColl Plantations Pte. Ltd. (formerly known as Cameroon Holdings Pte. Ltd.)

Societe de Development Du 

Caoutchouc Camerounais S.A. (2)

Cameroon

Investment  

holding

100.00

100.00

100.00

JFL Agro Pte. Ltd. (1) (6)

Singapore

Investment  

holding

100.00

–

–

Tropical Rubber Côte d’Ivoire S.A. (2) (6)

Ivory Coast

Natural rubber 

plantation and 

processing

–

–

51.20

Subsidiaries of Société de Développement du Caoutchouc Camerounais S.A.

Hevea Cameroun S.A. (2)

Cameroon

Natural rubber 

plantation and 

processing

90.00

90.00

90.00

Sud Cameroun Hevea S.A. (2)

Cameroon

Natural rubber 

plantation and 

processing

80.00

80.00

80.00

Subsidiaries of JFL Agro Pte. Ltd.

JFL Holdings Sdn. Bhd. (2)

Malaysia

Natural rubber and 

oil palm plantation

100.00

100.00

100.00

JFL Agro Sdn. Bhd. (2) (6)

Malaysia

Investment  

holding

–

100.00

100.00

 

(1) Audited by Ernst &amp; Young LLP, Singapore.

 

(2) Audited by member firms of EY Global in the respective countries.

 

(3) Audited by other firms of Certified Public Accountants. 

 

(4) Not required for statutory audit in the country of incorporation.

 

(5) Newly incorporated during the year.

 

(6) Intra-group transfer of shareholding.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 138

14. Investment in subsidiaries and associates (cont’d)

 

(a)  Investment in subsidiaries (cont’d) 

 

   (i) Acquisition of subsidiaries

 

     Corrie MacColl

 

      On 9 January 2018, the Group completed the acquisition of all of the rubber trading and distribution business of 

RCMA Group in Europe, the United States, Singapore and Thailand for a purchase consideration of US$31,759,000 

which have been fully satisfied in cash. With the completion of the acquisition, Kelvin Terminals B.V. and 

Centrotrade Hatyai Co. Ltd. became subsidiaries of the Group. The acquired businesses based in Europe, United 

States and United Kingdom have been included into Wurfbain Polymer B.V., Alan L Grant Polymer, Inc. and Corrie 

MacColl Rubber Ltd. respectively. 

 

      Details of the consideration paid, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and the effects on the cash flows of 

the Group, at the acquisition date with respect to Corrie MacColl acquisition, were as follows:

Fair value 

recognised ton 

acquisition

US$’000

Intangible asset

2,100

Property, plant and equipment

2,082

Trade and other receivables

1,267

Inventories

3

Cash and bank balances

887

Total assets

6,339

Derivative financial instruments – liabilities

(2)

Trade and other payables

(1,397)

Deferred tax liabilities

(845)

Total liabilities

(2,244)

Total identifiable net assets at fair value

4,095

Add: Goodwill arising from acquisition (Note 11)

27,664

Purchase consideration

31,759

Effects on  

cash flows of  

the Group

US$’000

Purchase consideration in cash 

31,759

Less: Cash and bank balances of business acquired

(887)

Net cash outflow on acquisition of Corrie MacColl

30,872

 

      The purchase price allocation review is finalised as at 31 December 2018.

 

     Transaction costs

 

     Transaction costs related to the acquisition of US$553,000 have been recognised in the Group’s profit or loss. 

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








139 \

14. Investment in subsidiaries and associates (cont’d)

 

(a)  Investment in subsidiaries (cont’d) 

 

   (i) Acquisition of subsidiaries (cont’d)

 

     Corrie MacColl (cont’d)

 

      Impact of the acquisition on profit or loss

 

      From the acquisition date, Corrie MacColl has contributed revenue of US$362,332,000 and profit of US$4,490,000 

to the Group for the year. As the business combination had taken place at the beginning of the year, the full year 

impact to the Group’s revenue &amp; Group’s loss is not expected to be material. 

 

     Trade and other receivables acquired

 

      Trade and other receivables acquired comprise of trade receivables with fair values of US$1,161,000. Their gross 

proceeds amounts of US$1,161,000 are expected to be collected. 

 

     Corrie MacColl Limited (formerly known as Corrie MacColl Trading Limited) (“CML”)

 

      On 26 February 2018, the Group acquired 100% of the issued and paid-up share capital in CML, a limited 

liability company incorporated in England and Wales, for a total cash consideration of £91,502 (equivalent to 

approximately US$129,000).

Fair value 

recognised on 

acquisition

US$’000

Other assets

129

Total identifiable net assets at fair value

129

Purchase consideration

129

Effects on  

cash flows of  

the Group

US$’000

Purchase consideration

129

Less: Consideration payable

(129)

Net cash outflow on acquisition of subsidiary

–

 

 Corrie MacColl Limited is an investment holding company and hence the impact of acquisition on the Group’s 

revenue and profit or loss is immaterial.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 140

14. Investment in subsidiaries and associates (cont’d)

 

(a)  Investment in subsidiaries (cont’d) 

 

   (i) Acquisition of subsidiaries (cont’d)

 

     PT. Pulau Bintan Djaya (“PBD”)

 

      On 27 February 2018, PT. Hok Tong (a 99.99% owned subsidiary of the Company) (“Hok Tong”) completed the 

acquisition of 80% of the issued and paid-up share capital of PBD, which owns a natural rubber processing 

factory (together with all associated land, buildings, plant and machinery) located in Bintan Timur, Indonesia.

 

      In conjunction with the aforesaid acquisition, Hok Tong has granted an irrevocable put option to one of the 

vendors for a period of two (2) years (effective from 27 February 2018), entitling the right to the vendor to 

require Hok Tong to acquire all its remaining 20% equity interest in PBD on the same terms and conditions of 

the said acquisition.

Fair value 

recognised on 

acquisition

US$’000

Property, plant and equipment

6,837

Investment property

184

Trade and other receivables

3,614

Inventories

406

Cash and bank balances

955

Total assets

11,996

Derivative financial instruments – liabilities

(105)

Trade and other payables

(1,458)

Loan payables

(7,578)

Retirement benefit obligations

(341)

Deferred tax liabilities

(1,225)

Total liabilities

(10,707)

Total identifiable net assets at fair value

1,289

Less: Non-controlling interest measured at the non-controlling  

interest’s proportionate share of PBD’s net identifiable assets

(258)

Net assets acquired

1,031

Add: Goodwill arising from acquisition (Note 11)

13,644

Purchase consideration

14,675

Effects on  

cash flows of  

the Group

US$’000

Purchase consideration

14,675

Less: Cash and bank balances of a subsidiary acquired

(955)

Net cash outflow on acquisition of a subsidiary

13,720

 

     The purchase price allocation review is finalised as at 31 December 2018.

 

     Transaction costs

 

     Transaction costs related to the acquisition of US$86,000 have been recognised in the Group’s profit or loss.

 

     Impact of the acquisition on profit or loss

 

      From the acquisition date, PBD has contributed revenue of US$24,967,000 and loss of US$420,000 to the Group 

for the year. If the business combination had taken place at the beginning of the year, the Group’s revenue would 

have been US$2,146,080,000 and the Group’s loss for the year would have been US$13,781,000.

 

     Trade and other receivables acquired

 

      Trade and other receivables acquired comprise of trade receivables with fair values of US$1,402,000. Their gross 

proceeds amounts of US$1,402,000 are expected to be collected.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








141 \

14. Investment in subsidiaries and associates (cont’d)

 

(a)  Investment in subsidiaries (cont’d) 

 

   (i) Acquisition of subsidiaries (cont’d)

 

     PT. Sumber Djantin (“PTSD”) and PT. Sumber Alam (“PTSA”)

 

      On 23 April 2018, the Group acquired 100% of the issued and paid-up share capital of PTSD and PTSA for 

purchase consideration of US$65,503,227. Both PTSD and PTSA own four natural rubber processing factories in 

West Kalimantan, Indonesia.

Fair value 

recognised on 

acquisition

US$’000

Property, plant and equipment

28,960

Investment property

3,432

Trade and other receivables

1,936

Inventories

18,663

Cash and bank balances

517

Total assets

53,508

Derivative financial instruments – liabilities

(572)

Trade and other payables

(15,028)

Loan payables

(21,486)

Retirement benefit obligations

(4,579)

Deferred tax liabilities

(2,544)

Total liabilities

(44,209)

Total identifiable net assets at fair value

9,299

Add: Goodwill arising from acquisition (Note 11)

56,204

Purchase consideration

65,503

Effects on  

cash flows of  

the Group

US$’000

Purchase consideration in cash

65,503

Less: Cash and bank balances of subsidiaries acquired

(516)

Net cash outflow on acquisition of subsidiaries

64,987

 

      The purchase price allocation review of PTSD and PTSA is deemed to be provisional as at 31 December 2018 

as the valuation of the retirement benefit had not been completed by the date the financial statements was 

authorised for issue. Goodwill arising from this acquisition and the affected accounts will be adjusted accordingly 

on a retrospective basis when the valuation is completed.

 

     Transaction costs

 

     Transaction costs related to the acquisition of US$150,000 have been recognised in the Group’s profit or loss.  

 

     Impact of the acquisition on profit or loss

 

      From the acquisition date, PTSD and PTSA have contributed revenue of US$59,649,000 and profit of US$348,000 

to the Group for the year. If the business combination had taken place at the beginning of the year, the Group’s 

revenue would have been US$2,158,464,000 and the Group’s loss for the year would have been US$20,093,000.

 

     Trade and other receivables acquired

 

      Trade and other receivables acquired comprise of trade receivables with fair values of US$1,275,000. Their gross 

proceeds amounts of US$1,275,000 are expected to be collected.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 142

14. Investment in subsidiaries and associates (cont’d)

 

(a)  Investment in subsidiaries (cont’d) 

 

 (ii) Acquisition of minority interest in subsidiaries, without change in control

 

     During the financial year, the Group has increased in its shareholding in the following subsidiaries:

 

     1) PT. GMG Sentosa (“GMG Sentosa”)

 

 

 On 11 February 2018, Hok Tong has acquired 25% of the issued and paid-up share capital in GMG Sentosa from 

the non-controlling interests for a cash consideration of US$1. Subsequent to the acquisition, the Group’s 

total equity interest in GMG Sentosa has increased from 75% to 100%. The carrying amount of the net liabilities 

of GMG Sentosa at February 2018 was US$25,484,000. 

 

     2) PT. Sunan Rubber (“Sunan”)

 

 

 On 28 February 2018, Hok Tong completed the acquisition of 46.25% of the issued and paid-up share capital 

of Sunan from the non-controlling interests, for total cash consideration of approximately US$15,260,000. 

Subsequent to the acquisition, the Group’s total equity interest in Sunan has increased from 53.75% to 100%. 

The carrying amount of the net assets of Sunan at February 2018 was US$29,202,000.

 

      Summary of the effect of change in the Group’s ownership interest in the above subsidiaries on the equity 

attributable to owners of the Company are as follow:

Consideration paid  

for acquisition of  

non-controlling interests

Increase/(Decrease) in 

equity attributable to  

non-controlling interests 

Decrease in equity 

attributable to owners 

of the Company

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

At 31 December 2018

GMG Sentosa

*

6,371

(6,371)

Sunan

15,260

(13,510)

(1,750)

Total

15,260

(7,139)

(8,121)

 

 * Consideration paid for acquisition of non-controlling interests is US$1.

 

   (iii) Striking-off a subsidiary

 

      During the financial year, the Group struck off its wholly-owned dormant subsidiary, GMG Holdings Ltd. As a 

result of the deregistration, realisation of cumulative foreign currency translation gain upon liquidation of the 

subsidiary US$5,333,000 was recognised.

 

(b)  Investment in associates 

 

   The Group’s material investment in associates are summarised below:

Group

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

SIAT S.A.

–

–

188,605

Feltex Co., Ltd

1,190

–

1,095

1,190

–

189,700

 

    In 2017, the Group has disposed of its investment in an associate, SIAT S.A. and its subsidiaries (“SIAT”) for a net 

sales consideration of US$223,653,000. The carrying amount of the investment in SIAT as date of disposal was 

US$205,523,000. The resulting gain on disposal of US$18,130,000 was included in other income (Note 5).

 

    Investment in Feltex Co., Ltd. amounting to US$1,348,000 which is held through Teck Bee Hang Co., Ltd. was 

reclassified to assets of disposal group classified as held-for-sale as at 31 December 2017. In 2018, following the 

positive changes in TBH’s business and operations, the Group reassessed that TBH Group fits into the Group’s 

latest business strategy and there will be no immediate plan to dispose/discontinue the operations of TBH Group. 

Therefore, in 2018, Feltex Co., Ltd. has been reclassified back into investment in associate.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








143 \

14. Investment in subsidiaries and associates (cont’d)

 

(b)  Investment in associates (cont’d) 

Name

Country of 

incorporation

Principal activities

Proportion (%) of  

ownership interest

2018

31 Dec 

2017

1 Jan 

2017

Held through subsidiaries

Feltex Co., Ltd (1)

Thailand

Natural rubber 

processing

24.80

24.80

24.80

SIAT S.A. (2)

Belgium

Investment holding

–

–

35.00

 

 

(1) Audited by other firms of Certified Public Accountants. 

 

 

(2) SIAT S.A. and its subsidiaries were disposed on 31 October 2017.

 

 Aggregate information about the Group’s investments in associates that are not individually material are as follows:

Group

2018

2017

US$’000

US$’000

Total comprehensive (loss)/income net of tax

(367)

34,578

15. Deferred tax

 

Deferred tax as at 31 December relates to the following:

Group

Company

Statement of  

financial position

Consolidated  

income statement

Statement of  

financial position

2018

31 Dec 

2017

1 Jan 

2017

2018

2017

2018

31 Dec 

2017

1 Jan 

2017

US$’000 US$’000 US$’000 US$’000 US$’000

US$’000 US$’000 US$’000

Differences in depreciation for tax 

purposes

3,330

3,298

358

(55)

266

(36)

(25)

(25)

Tax losses carry forward 

12,138

10,216

2,763

4,994

876

–

–

–

Retirement benefit liabilities 

3,475

3,960

2,961

367

528

–

–

–

Fair value uplift of biological assets

(1,268)

(1,299)

(717)

7

(89)

–

–

–

Fair value uplift of investment 

properties 

(3,395)

(1,135)

(2,004)

(160)

(158)

–

–

–

Fair value uplift of property, plant and 

equipment acquired in business 

combination

(31,572)

(20,534)

(20,141)

185

951

–

–

–

Unremitted foreign source income

(4,502)

(5,411)

 (3,947)

909

(720)

–

–

–

Forward currency contracts

(2,126)

(5,140)

(4,327)

998

(649)

–

–

–

Others

333

(391)

(429) 

(563)

379

–

–

–

Tax credit

 

6,682

1,384

Net deferred tax liabilities

(23,587)

(16,436)

(25,483)

(36)

(25)

(25)

Reflected in the statement of 

financial position as follows:

Deferred tax assets

15,056

14,346

13,227

–

–

–

Deferred tax liabilities

(38,643)

(30,782)

(38,710)

(36)

(25)

(25)

Deferred tax liabilities, net

(23,587)

(16,436)

(25,483)

(36)

(25)

(25)

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 144

15. Deferred tax (cont’d) 

Group

2018

2017

US$’000

US$’000

Reconciliation of deferred tax liabilities, net

At 1 January

(16,436)

(25,484)

Tax credit during the year recognised in profit or loss

6,682

1,384

Tax (credit)/expense during the year recognised in  

other comprehensive income

(1,040)

328

Reclassification of net deferred tax liabilities of  

disposal group classified as held-for-sale (Note 22)

(6,858)

6,858

Deferred taxes arising from business combinations  

(Note 14(a)(i))

(4,614)

–

Utilisation of Group relief

(2,384)

–

Exchange difference

1,063

478

At 31 December

(23,587)

(16,436)

 

Unrecognised tax losses and unabsorbed capital allowances

 

 At the end of reporting period, the Group has tax losses and unabsorbed capital allowances amounting to US$59,226,000 

and US$10,071,000 (31 December 2017: US$49,914,000 and US$7,269,000, 1 January 2017: US$43,892,000 and 

US$3,308,000) respectively that are available for offset against future taxable profits. The tax losses have no expiry date 

except for an amount of US$50,668,000 which will expire in five years (31 December 2017: US$24,192,000, 1 January 

2017: US$26,472,000) and US$Nil which will expire after five years (31 December 2017: US$2,279,000, 1 January 2017: 

US$8,376,000).

 

 The related deferred tax benefits of US$16,518,000 (31 December 2017: US$11,524,000, 1 January 2017: US$10,820,000) 

were not recognised as the recoverability was considered not probable.

 

Unrecognised temporary differences relating to investments in subsidiaries

 

 A deferred tax liability of US$30,863,000 (31 December 2017: US$32,403,000, 1 January 2017: US$22,950,000) that could 

arise upon the distribution of profit at certain subsidiaries has not been provided for as at 31 December 2018 as the 

distributable profits is controlled and there is currently no intention for the profits to be remitted to Singapore.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








145 \

16. Plantation and biological assetst

Plantation related properties

Prepaid 

land 

leases

Land  

use 

rights

Plantation

Plantation 

establistment 

costs

Total 

plantation 

related 

properties

Non-

current 

biological 

assets

Consumable 

biological 

assets

Total

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Group

Cost

At 1 January 2017

31,117

101,639

40,276

110,030

283,062

6,821

134

290,017

Additions

–

–

816

34,857

35,673

890

–

36,563

Capitalisation of 

depreciation

–

–

–

336

336

–

–

336

Transfer to property, 

plant and equipment 

(Note 12)

–

–

(14,222)

(6,278)

(20,500)

–

–

(20,500)

Reclassification

–

–

1,045

(1,045)

–

–

–

–

Fair value adjustment 

(Note 5)

–

–

–

–

–

370 

(111)

259

Exchange difference

3,243

8,342

4,333

17,617

33,535

780

26

34,341

At 31 December 2017

34,360

109,981

32,248

155,517

332,106

8,861

49

341,016

Additions

–

–

–

50,156

50,156

1,522

–

51,678

Capitalisation of 

depreciation

–

–

–

359

359

–

–

359

Transfer from/(to) 

property, plant and 

equipment (Note 12)

–

–

16,463

(12,623)

3,840

–

–

3,840

Fair value adjustment 

(Note 5)

–

–

–

–

–

33

(32)

1

Exchange difference

(628)

–

(1,774)

(7,987)

(10,389)

(208)

–

(10,597)

At 31 December 2018

33,732

109,981

46,937

185,422

376,072

10,208

17

386,297

 

 

 

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 146

16. Plantation and biological assets (cont’d)

Plantation related properties

Prepaid 

land 

leases

Land  

use 

rights

Plantation

Plantation 

establistment 

costs

Total 

plantation 

related 

properties

Non-

current 

biological 

assets

Consumable 

biological 

assets

Total

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Accumulated 

depreciation

At 1 January 2017

937

–

422

–

1,359

–

–

1,359

Depreciation for  

the year (Note 8)

336

–

1,750

–

2,086

–

–

2,086

Exchange difference

116

–

381

–

497

–

–

497

At 31 December 2017

1,389

–

2,553

–

3,942

–

–

3,942

Depreciation for  

the year (Note 8)

359

– 

1,785

–

2,144

–

–

2,144

Exchange difference

(36)

– 

(161)

–

(197)

–

–

(197)

At 31 December 2018

1,712

– 

4,177

–

5,889

– 

– 

5,889

Carrying amount

At 1 January 2017

30,180

101,639

39,854

110,030

281,703

6,821

134

288,658

At 31 December 2017

32,971

109,981

29,695

155,517

328,164

8,861

49

337,074

At 31 December 2018

32,020

109,981

42,760

185,422

370,183

10,208

17

380,408

 

 

The basis of classification of rubber trees is disclosed in Note 2.12 and Note 3.1(a).

 

Details of the Group’s plantation assets are summarised as follows:

Country

Malaysia

Cameroon

Cameroon

Ivory Coast

Type of ownership

Leasehold

Freehold

Land use rights

Land use rights

Total land area (hectares)

9,844

45,200

66,339

1,581

 

 The Group’s biological assets mainly consist of rubber trees in Malaysia plantations and produce that grows on oil palm 

trees in Malaysia plantation and latex in trees in Africa plantations, all of which are grown for commercial sales as part of 

normal business operations.

 

 Interest expense amounting to US$11,906,000 was capitalised in 2018 (31 December 2017: US$6,475,000, 1 January 

2017: US$749,000). The rate used to determine the amount of borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation was 3.00% - 

7.15% (31 December 2017: 6.00% - 8.25%, 1 January 2017: 6.00% - 8.25%), which is effective interest rate of borrowings.

 

 A review of the recoverable amount for the plantation in Cameroon was determined based on the value in use calculation 

and the discount rate used is 13.0% (31 December 2017: 15.4%, 1 January 2017: 15.4%).

 

Change in estimates

 

 During the financial year, the Group has reassessed its depreciation methodology for plantation assets as its significant 

investment in bearer plants, made over the last few years, is starting to reach maturity. The Group concluded that 

depreciating the mature plantation by the expected yield pattern of the bearer plants over their useful lives, which are 

estimated at 30 years, are more reflective of the pattern in which the assets future benefit are expected to be consumed. 

The revision in estimate has been applied on a prospective basis from 1 January 2018. The effect of the above revision on 

depreciation charge in current year and future periods as follows:

2018

2019

2020

Later

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Decrease/(Increase) in depreciation expense

227

260

189

(676)

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








147 \

17. Cash and bank balances

Group

Company

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Cash at bank and on hand

65,323

112,461

58,532

770

706

430

Short term deposits

57,608

36,595

8,093

–

–

–

Cash and cash equivalents

122,931

149,056

66,625

770

706

430

Short term deposits – pledged

2,283

3,173

–

–

–

–

Total cash and bank balances

125,214

152,229

66,625

770

706

430

 

 Cash and bank balances comprise cash held by the Group and Company and short term bank deposits. The carrying 

amounts of these assets approximate their fair value.

 

 Fixed deposits were made for varying periods, depending on immediate cash requirements of the Group, and earn interest 

at the respective short term deposit rates. The weighted average effective interest rate as at 31 December 2018 for the Group 

is (0.34%) per annum (31 December 2017: 5.05%, 1 January 2017: 2.84%).

 

 Cash and bank balances of US$2,283,000 (31 December 2017: US$3,173,000, 1 January 2017: US$1,618,000) of the Group 

have been charged as security for the Group’s general banking facilities (Note 25) and performance guarantee.

 

 As at each reporting date, the carrying amounts of cash and bank balances denominated in currencies other than the 

respective group entities’ functional currencies are as follows:

Group

Company

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

United States Dollar

9,021

11,691

15,574

–

–

–

Singapore Dollar

724

1,468

1,162

35

–

–

Euro

1,974

1,414

2,128

56

29

–

Pound Sterling

437

–

–

7

–

–

Swedish Krona

706

–

–

–

–

–

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 148

18. Trade receivables

Group

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

External parties

146,745

121,689

98,066

 

Trade receivables are repayable within the normal trade credit terms of 2 days to 90 days.

 

 In determining the recoverability of trade receivables, the Group considers any change in the credit quality of the trade 

receivables from the date credit was granted up to the end of the reporting period.

 

 As at each reporting date, the carrying amounts of trade receivables denominated in currencies other than the respective 

group entities’ functional currencies are as follows:

Group

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

United States Dollar

13,352

16,824

11,265

Euro

14,904

25

536

Pound Sterling

3,033

–

–

Swedish Krona

1,127

–

–

 

The table below is an analysis of trade receivables as at 31 December:

Group

Note

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

US$’000

US$’000

Total gross trade receivables

122,600

98,818

Allowance for impairment

(b)

(911)

(752)

Trade receivables, net

121,689

98,066

 

(a)  Receivables that are past due but not impaired

 

    The Group has trade receivables amounting to US$19,264,000 as at 31 December 2017 and US$28,289,000 as at  

1 January 2017 that are past due but not impaired. These receivables are mainly secured with credit enhancement 

and the analysis of their aging at the statement of financial position date is as follows:

Group

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

US$’000

US$’000

Trade receivables past due but not impaired:

Lesser than 30 days

17,984

24,157

30 to 60 days

696

3,245

More than 61 days

584

887

19,264

28,289

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








149 \

18. Trade receivables (cont’d)

 

(b)  Receivables that are impaired

 

    The Group’s trade receivables that are impaired at the end of the reporting period and the movement of the allowance 

accounts used to record the impairment are as follows:

Group

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

US$’000

US$’000

Trade receivables – nominal amounts

911

752

Less: Allowance for impairment

(911)

(752)

–

–

Group

2017

US$’000

Movement in allowance accounts:

At 1 January 

752

Charge for the year

107

Written off

(42)

Exchange difference

94

At 31 December

911

 

(c)  Expected credit losses (“ECL”)

 

    The movement in allowance for expected credit losses of trade receivables computed based on ECL are as follows:

Group

2018

US$’000

Opening loss allowance as at 1 January 

911

Adoption of SFRS(I) 9 (Note 2.1(b)(iii))

337

Adjusted loss allowances as at 1 January

1,248

Charge for the year

144

Written off

(746)

Exchange difference

(35)

At 31 December

611

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 150

19. Loans and other receivables

Group

Company

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Financial assets

Non-current:

Loan to non-controlling  

interests of a subsidiary

3,491

3,641

3,209

–

–

–

Current:

Amount due from an associate 

–

–

318

–

–

–

Loan to an associate

–

–

3,684

–

–

–

Loan to a third party

50,623

51,603

–

–

–

–

Other receivables

14,204

7,226

4,134

71

94

2

Amounts due from subsidiaries

–

–

–

807,912

670,440

368,317

Deposits

17,701

20,854

18,730

314

278

3,406

82,528

79,683

26,866

808,297

670,812

371,725

Non-financial assets

Current:

Prepayments

29,422

16,193

10,704

317

232

256

Other tax receivables

34,236

15,182

14,304

112

45

75

Total non-financial assets

63,658

31,375

25,008

429

277

331

Total current loan and  

other receivables

146,186

111,058

51,874

808,726

671,089

372,056

Total non-current loan and 

other receivables

3,491

3,641

3,209

–

–

–

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








151 \

19. Loans and other receivables (cont’d)

 

 The loan to non-controlling interests of a subsidiary is unsecured, repayable in 2025 and earns interest at 5% per annum 

(2017: 5%).

 

 The loan to a third party was secured by the borrower’s equity interest in a company, and receivables and bank balances of 

the borrower, with interest at 6.5% per annum (2017: 5.5%) and repayable in 2019. 

 

 Amounts due from subsidiaries are unsecured, non-interest bearing, repayable on demand and are expected to be settled 

in cash.

 

 Included in other tax receivables as at 31 December 2017 is value added tax receivables in certain subsidiaries amounting to 

US$26,053,000 for which the Group has made a fair value downward adjustment of US$16,449,000.

 

 Expected credit losses (“ECL”)

 

 The movement in allowance for expected credit losses of loans and other receivables computed based on ECL are as follows:

Group

Company

2018

2017

2018

2017

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Opening loss allowance as at  

1 January

–

–

–

–

Adoption of SFRS(I) 9 (Note 2.1(b)(iii))

227

–

5

–

Adjusted loss allowance as at  

1 January

227

–

5

–

Charge for the year

441

–

56

–

At 31 December

668

–

61

–

 

 As at each reporting date, the carrying amounts of loans and other receivables denominated in currencies other than the 

respective group entities’ functional currencies are as follows:

Group

Company

2018

31 Dec 2017

 1 Jan 2017

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

United States Dollar

341

–

2,176

–

–

–

Singapore Dollar

1,411

6,493

1,204

112

45

75

Euro

2,358

–

–

–

–

–

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 152

20. Derivative financial instruments

Group

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

Assets

Liabilities

Assets

Liabilities

Assets

Liabilities

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Forward currency contracts

5,867

(1,920)

32

(145)

626

(577)

Forward commodity  

(natural rubber) contracts

38,323

–

22,853

–

30,263

(58,209)

Total

44,190

(1,920)

22,885

(145)

30,889

(58,786)

Company

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

Assets

Liabilities

Assets

Liabilities

Assets

Liabilities

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Forward currency contracts

670

(670)

–

–

–

–

Total

670

(670)

–

–

–

–

 

 The Group utilises forward commodity (natural rubber) contracts and forward currency contracts to manage the 

fluctuations in natural rubber prices or exposure arising from foreign currencies.

 

 At the end of the reporting period, the total notional amounts of derivative financial instruments to which the Group is 

committed to are as follows:

Notional amount

Positive fair value

Negative fair value

2018

31 Dec 

2017

1 Jan 

2017

2018

31 Dec 

2017

1 Jan 

2017

2018

31 Dec 

2017

1 Jan 

2017

US$’000 US$’000 US$’000 US$’000 US$’000 US$’000 US$’000 US$’000 US$’000

Forward contracts on 

commodity (natural rubber):

– Sales

483,738

516,687

429,396

33,411

6,934

–

–

–

(58,209)

– Purchases

177,891

233,093

207,606

4,912

15,919

30,263

–

–

–

Forward currency contracts

419,857

118,925

85,432

5,867

32

626

(1,920)

(145)

(577)

44,190

22,885

30,889

(1,920)

(145)

(58,786)

 

The maturity period for forward commodity (natural rubber) contracts ranges from one to twelve months. 

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








153 \

21. Inventories

Group

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

At cost:

– Consumables

29,965

23,796

20,580

At fair value:

– Raw materials

54,180

91,717

128,141

– Work-in-progress

23,959

25,114

36,749

– Finished goods held for resale

189,837

164,720

134,503

267,976

281,551

299,393

297,941

305,347

319,973

 

 The inventories as at the end of each reporting period in 2018, 31 December 2017 and 1 January 2017 include fair value 

(downward)/upward adjustments of US$(10,085,000), US$4,311,000 and US$56,452,000 respectively.

 

 Inventories with carrying amount of US$43,949,000 (31 December 2017: US$53,389,000, 1 January 2017: US$4,006,000) 

have been pledged as security for a trade financing facility (Note 25).

22. Assets and liabilities of disposal group classified as held-for-sale

 

 Discontinued operation refers to the Group’s processing business in Thailand, Teck Bee Hang Co., Ltd and its subsidiaries 

(“TBH Group”), which was classified as asset held-for-sale as at 31 December 2017 under SFRS(I) 5 Non-Current Assets 

Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations, following the Group’s strategic review undertaken during the financial year 

ended 31 December 2017. The decision was made at that time on the basis of the poor financial performance of TBH Group 

and also, unfavourable market environment in Thailand.

 

 During the current financial year, positive changes have been made to TBH’s business and operations leading to 

improvement in TBH’s financial performance in 2018. As part of the Group’s continuous assessment of its key business 

segments, it now determines that TBH Group fits into the Group’s latest business strategy and initial plan to dispose/

discontinue the operations of TBH Group has changed significantly and an immediate sale is unlikely. As such, the Group 

decided to reclassify TBH Group from discontinued operations to continuing operations.  

 

 Accordingly, the comparative figures in the consolidated income statement and consolidated cash flow statement for 

financial year ended 31 December 2018 have been re-presented to reflect TBH Group as continuing operations.

 

Statement of financial position disclosures

 

The major classes of assets and liabilities of TBH Group classified as held-for-sale as at 31 December 2017 are as follows:

Group

2017 

US$’000

Assets:

Investment in associate

1,348

Property, plant and equipment

27,187

Investment properties

16,656

Deferred tax assets

636

Cash and bank balances

5,832

Other working capital assets

37,725

Assets of disposal group classified as held-for-sale

89,384

Liabilities:

Working capital liabilities

8,969

Deferred tax liabilities

7,494

Liabilities of disposal group classified as held-for-sale

16,463

Net assets of disposal group classified as held-for-sale

72,921

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 154

23. Trade payables

Group

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

External parties

34,570

38,757

46,265

 

These amounts are non-interest bearing. Trade payables are normally settled on 60 days term.

 

 As at each reporting date, the carrying amounts of trade payables denominated in currencies other than the respective 

group entities’ functional currencies are as follows:

Group

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

United States Dollar

4,300

7,478

–

Euro

1,802

–

–

 

24. Other payables

Group

Company

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Financial liabilities

Current:

Other payables

14,917

24,357

17,849

105

914

910

Accrued operating expenses

20,576

26,041

16,393

1,377

4,109

2,020

Accrued interest expense

2,903

2,995

4,789

591

554

2,817

Amounts due to subsidiaries

–

–

–

120,997

149,590

27,873

Amounts due to  

non-controlling interests  

of a subsidiary

–

–

1,585

–

–

–

38,396

53,393

40,616

123,070

155,167

33,620

Non-financial liabilities

Current:

Other tax payables

7,577

5,043

1,773

80

168

156

Advances from customers

9,709

2,007

310

–

–

–

17,286

7,050

2,083

80

168

156

Non-current:

Other payables

4,263

1,843

1,850

–

–

–

Total current other payables

55,682

60,443

42,699

123,150

155,335

33,776

Total non-current other 

payables

4,263

1,843

1,850

–

–

–

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








155 \

24. Other payables (cont’d)

 

Other payables are non-interest bearing and have an average term of six months.

 

 As at 31 December 2017, certain amounts due to subsidiaries amounting to US$138,825,000 (1 January 2017: US$Nil) 

are non-trade related, unsecured, bears an average interest of 3.61% (1 January 2017: Nil) per annum and repayable 

on demand. The remaining amounts due to subsidiaries are non-trade related, unsecured, non-interest bearing and 

repayable on demand. As at 31 December 2018, the amounts due to subsidiaries are non-interest bearing, unsecured and 

repayable in demand. 

 

 As at 1 January 2017, amounts due to non-controlling interests of a subsidiary arose mainly from payments made on 

behalf of a subsidiary and are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

 

 As at each reporting date, the carrying amounts of other payables denominated in currencies other than the respective 

group entities’ functional currencies are as follows:

Group

Company

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

United States Dollar

42

4

8,483

–

–

–

Singapore Dollar

48

4,691

3,136

–

168

–

Euro

2,358

–

–

–

–

–

 

 

25. Loan payables

Group

Company

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Current:

– Working capital loans

519,091

196,585

234,165

293,750

2,750

2,750

– Term loans

1,309

10,966

10,480

–

–

–

520,400

207,551

244,645

293,750

2,750

2,750

Non-current:

– Working capital loans

1,375

4,125

6,875

1,375

4,125

6,875

– Term loans

390,265

397,785

366,790

296,442

295,242

265,042

– MTN

–

–

85,737

–

–

85,737

– Loan from non-controlling  

interest of a subsidiary

–

1,050

970

–

–

–

391,640

402,960

460,372

297,817

299,367

357,654

Total loan payables

912,040

610,511

705,017

591,567

302,117

360,404

 

 As at each reporting date, the carrying amounts of loan payables denominated in currencies other than the respective 

group entities’ functional currencies are as follows:

Group

Company

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

United States Dollar

60,263

12,110

44,249

–

–

–

Singapore Dollar

–

1,050

970

–

–

–

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 156

 

 25. Loan payables (cont’d) 

 

 Working capital loans bear average interest rates of 3.59% (31 December 2017: 4.34%, 1 January 2017: 3.43%) per annum. 

Certain working capital loans amounting to US$78,412,000 (31 December 2017: US$18,988,000, 1 January 2017: US$Nil) 

are secured by a charge over certain of the Group’s inventories (Note 21), property, plant and equipment (Note 12), and 

certain cash and bank balances (Note 17).

 

 Loan from non-controlling interest of a subsidiary is unsecured and bears an average interest rate of 4.00%. This amount 

has been repaid in February 2018.

 

 The MTN with a face value of S$125 million was issued on 31 July 2014, unsecured and bear a fixed interest rate of 6.5% 

per annum. The MTN has been fully repaid as at 31 December 2017.

 

The Group and the Company has the following term loans:

Group

Company

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Current

Loan A

–

9,136

9,960

–

–

–

Loan B

–

920

520

–

–

–

Loan C

1,309

910

–

–

–

–

1,309

10,966

10,480

–

–

–

Non-current

Loan A

–

3,322

12,450

–

–

–

Loan B

–

–

1,039

–

–

–

Loan C

24,001

26,398

24,070

–

–

–

Loan D

296,442

295,241

265,042

296,442

295,242

265,042

Loan E

69,822

72,824

64,189

–

–

–

390,265

397,785

366,790

296,442

295,242

265,042

 

Details of the term loans are as follow:

 

a)   Loan A bears average effective interest rate of 3.61% (31 December 2017: 3.61%, 1 January 2017: 3.61%) per annum and 

repayable on monthly instalments. This loan is unsecured and had been repaid during the current financial year. 

 

b)   Loan B bears an average effective interest rate of 8.25% (31 December 2017: 8.25%, 1 January 2017: 8.25%) per annum 

and repayable on semi-annual instalments. This loan is secured and had been repaid during the current financial year.

 

c)   Loan C bears average effective interest of 6.00% (31 December 2017: 6.00%, 1 January 2017: 6.00%) per annum and 

repayable on monthly instalments until 2026. This loan is unsecured.

 

d)   Loan D bears an effective interest rate of 3.93% (31 December 2017: 3.21%, 1 January 2017: 2.69%) and is repayable in 

2021. This loan is unsecured.

 

e)   Loan E bears average effective interest rate of 7.15% (31 December 2017: 7.15%, 1 January 2017: 7.15%) per annum. 

Repayment will commence in 2021 on semi-annual instalments until 2027. This loan is unsecured.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








157 \

26. Retirement benefit obligations

 

 The Group provides defined post-employment benefits for its qualifying employees in accordance with relevant 

labour laws and regulations in Indonesia, Thailand, Cameroon and Ivory Coast.

 

Changes in retirement benefit obligations are as follows:

Group

2018

2017

US$’000

US$’000

At 1 January

19,024

17,153

Acquisition of subsidiaries

4,920

–

Benefit paid for the year

(6,283)

(1,500)

Changes charged/(credited) to profit or loss

– Current service costs

1,999

2,034

– Interest cost on benefit obligations

1,238

1,091

– Past service costs

664

(5)

– Net actuarial gain recognised during the year

240

–

– Provision of long term employee benefit

73

124

– Excess benefit

476

277

Re-measurement losses/(gain) in other comprehensive income

– Actuarial changes arising from changes in demographic assumptions

(108)

548

– Actuarial changes arising from changes in financial assumptions

(2,615)

1,171

– Experience adjustments

(1,441)

(195)

Exchange difference

(1,280)

404

Capitalised to plantation assets

–

39

16,907

21,141

Reclassification from/(to) assets of disposal group classified as held-for-sale 

(Note 22)

2,117

(2,117)

At 31 December

19,024

19,024

 

 The cost of providing post-employment benefits is calculated by an independent actuary. The actuarial valuation was 

carried out using the following key assumptions:

2018

31 December 2017

1 January 2017

%

%

%

Indonesia (Headcount: 2018- 4,844,  

31 December 2017- 3,805, 1 January 2017- 3,727)

Discount rate

8.32

7.03

8.38

Future salary increment rate

7.00 – 9.00

8.00 – 10.00

8.25 – 10.00

Thailand (Headcount: 2018- 1,037,  

31 December 2017- 987, 1 January 2017- 1,195)

Discount rate

2.56

2.06

1.92

Future salary increment rate

1.00 – 4.00

1.00 – 4.00

1.60 – 3.00

Cameroon (Headcount: 2018- 7,259,  

31 December 2017- 5,576, 1 January 2017- 4,637)

Discount rate

3.50

3.50

3.50

Future salary increment rate

2.71 – 7.95

2.90 – 9.67

5.84

Ivory Coast (Headcount: 2018- 1,008,  

31 December 2017- 1,003, 1 January 2017- 967)

Discount rate

3.50 – 6.00

3.50 – 5.95

3.50 – 5.90

Future salary increment rate

3.50 – 5.00

2.00 – 3.50

2.00 – 3.50

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 158

26. Retirement benefit obligations (cont’d)

 

 Three other assumptions: mortality rate, disability rate and voluntary resignation rate are not significant assumptions for 

these plans as there are insignificant changes in retirement benefit obligations arising from them.

 

 The sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to changes in the weighted principal assumptions is as follows:

Increase in 

assumption

Decrease in 

assumption

Increase in 

assumption

Decrease in 

assumption

2018

2018

2017

2017

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Group

One percentage point change in  

the assumed discount rate:

- (Decrease)/Increase on the 

aggregate current service cost 

and interest cost

(301)

292

(417)

400

- (Decrease)/Increase on retirement 

benefit obligation

(1,227)

1,501

(1,601)

1,994

One percentage point change in  

the salary growth rate:

- Increase/(Decrease) on the 

aggregate current service cost 

and interest cost

314

(217)

432

(372)

- Increase/(Decrease) on retirement 

benefit obligation

1,465

(1,324)

1,921

(1,660)

 

  The above sensitivity analysis is based on a change in an assumption while holding other assumptions constant. Changes 

in some of the assumptions may be correlated. When calculating the sensitivity of the retirement benefit obligations to 

significant actuarial assumptions, the same method (present value of the retirement benefit obligations calculated with 

the Projected Unit Credit method at the end of the reporting period) has been applied as when calculating the retirement 

benefit obligations recognised within the statement of financial position.

 

 Through its retirement benefit pension plans, the Group is exposed to a number of risks, the most significant of which are 

detailed as below:

 

Changes in bond yields 

 

A decrease in government bond yield will increase plan liabilities.

 

Inflation risk 

 

The majority of the plan’s benefit obligations are linked to inflation which higher inflation will lead to higher liabilities.

 

 The weighted average duration of the retirement benefits obligation is 18.5 years (31 December 2017: 16.9 years,  

1 January 2017: 15.0 years).

27. Share capital

Group and Company

 

2018

2017

 

No. of shares

No. of shares

’000

US$’000

’000

US$’000

Issued and fully paid ordinary shares

Balance at beginning and  

end of financial year 

1,595,012

603,874

1,595,012

603,874

 

 The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as and when declared by the Company. The ordinary 

shares of the Company have no par value.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








159 \

28. Perpetual securities

 

 During the financial year ended 31 December 2017, the Company issued perpetual securities with principal amount of 

US$150,000,000 bearing distributions at rate of 4.5% per annum. An amount of US$148,690,000 net of issuance costs, 

was recognised in equity.

 

 The perpetual securities bear distributions which are payable semi-annually. Subject to the relevant terms and conditions 

of the perpetual securities, the Company may elect to defer or not making distributions on the perpetual securities and is 

not subject to any limits as to the number of times a distribution can be deferred.

 

 The perpetual securities is classified as equity and distributions are treated as dividends. This is due to the reason that the 

Company has no contractual obligations to repay its principal or to pay any distributions, which means the instrument 

does not meet the definition as a financial liability under SFRS(I) 1-32 Financial Instruments: Disclosure and Presentation.

 

 During the current financial year, the Board of Directors have approved to distribute payment amounting to US$6,750,000 

(2017: US$3,375,000) to the holders of the securities.

 

 In March 2019, the Group announced, of its intention to redeem all the perpetual securities on 26 April 2019 at 100% of the 

principal amount of the perpetual securities of US$150,000,000, together with distributions accrued to the redemption date.

29. Other reserves

 

a)   Capital reserve

 

   Capital reserves pertain to the excess of capital paid by a shareholder for the shares in the subsidiary over the capital 

received from the same shareholder for the swap of the shares in the Company.

 

   Capital reserve also includes funds arising from the Group’s People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) subsidiaries which are 

required to transfer 10% of the net income to the reserve fund in accordance with PRC Articles of Association.  

 

b)   Other reserves

 

   Other reserves pertain to fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments, premium paid by non-controlling 

interests for interest in a subsidiary and redemption amount for put option issued to non-controlling interest of  

a subsidiary.

 

c)  Foreign currency translation reserve

 

   The foreign currency translation reserve represents exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial 

statements of foreign operations whose functional currencies are different from that of the Group’s presentation currency.

30. Commitments and contingencies

 

(a) Operating lease commitments – as lessee

Group

2018

2017

US$’000

US$’000

Minimum lease payments under operating leases recognised as  

an expense during the year (Note 8)

2,685

2,693

 

   Future minimum rental payable under non-cancellable operating leases at the end of the reporting period are as 

follows:

Group

2018 

US$’000

31 Dec 2017 

US$’000

1 Jan 2017 

US$’000

Not later than one year

2,867

2,438

1,435

Later than one year but not later than five years

5,651

3,529

3,269

Later than five years

11,420

11,634

11,960

19,938

17,601

16,664

 

   Operating lease payments mainly represent rentals payable by the Group for its office premises and commercial 

leases on certain premises.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 160

30. Commitments and contingencies (cont’d)

 

(b) Finance lease commitments – as lessee

 

   The Group and the Company has finance leases for certain items of plant and equipment and furniture and fixtures. 

These leases have terms of renewal but no purchase options and escalation clauses. Renewals are at the option of the 

specific entity that holds the lease.

 

   Future minimum lease payments under finance leases together with the present value of the net minimum lease 

payments are as follows:

Group

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

Minimum 

lease 

payments 

US$’000

Present 

value of 

payments 

US$’000

Minimum 

lease 

payments 

US$’000

Present 

value of 

payments 

US$’000

Minimum 

lease 

payments 

US$’000

Present 

value of 

payments 

US$’000 

Not later than one year

48

42

517

496

553

497

Later than one year but  

not later than five years

139

132

86

86

625

600

Total minimum lease 

payments

187

174

603

582

1,178

1,097

Less: Amounts representing 

finance charges

(13)

–

(21)

–

(81)

–

Present value of minimum 

lease payments

174

174

582

582

1,097

1,097

Company

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

Minimum 

lease 

payments 

US$’000

Present 

value of 

payments 

US$’000

Minimum 

lease 

payments 

US$’000

Present 

value of 

payments 

US$’000

Minimum 

lease 

payments 

US$’000

Present 

value of 

payments 

US$’000 

Not later than one year

–

–

517

496

517

465

Later than one year but  

not later than five years

–

–

86

86

603

581

Total minimum lease 

payments

–

–

603

582

1,120

1,046

Less: Amounts representing 

finance charges

–

–

(21)

–

(74)

–

Present value of minimum 

lease payments

–

–

582

582

1,046

1,046

 

  This obligation is secured by a charge over the leased assets (Note 12).

 

(c) Commitment for sales, purchases and forward currency contracts

 

   The Group has committed sales, purchases and currency contracts that are entered into for the use of the Group.  

The contractual or notional amounts of the committed contracts with fixed pricing terms that was outstanding as at 

31 December 2018, 31 December 2017 and 1 January 2017 are as disclosed in Note 20.

 

(d) Corporate guarantees

 

  The following are the corporate guarantees given by the Company for the credit facilities extended by banks to:

Company

2018 

US$’000

31 Dec 2017 

US$’000

1 Jan 2017 

US$’000

Subsidiaries

230,281

229,312

135,000

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








161 \

31. Financial risks and management

 

(a) Categories of financial instruments

 

 The following table sets out the financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period:

Group

Company

Note

2018

31 Dec 2017

 1 Jan 2017

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Financial assets

Cash and bank 

balances

17

125,214

152,229

66,625

770

706

430

Trade receivables

18

146,745

121,689

98,066

–

–

–

Loans and other 

receivables 

19

86,019

83,324

30,075

808,297

670,812

371,725

Derivative financial 

instruments

20

44,190

22,885

30,889

670

–

–

402,168

380,127

225,655

809,737

671,518

372,155

Financial liabilities

Trade payables

23

34,570

38,757

46,265

–

–

–

Other payables

24

38,396

53,393

40,616

123,070

155,167

33,620

Loan payables

25

912,040

610,511

705,017

591,567

302,117

360,404

Finance lease 

obligation

30(b)

174

582

1,097

–

582

1,046

Derivative financial 

instruments 

20

1,920

145

58,786

670

–

–

987,100

703,388

851,781

715,307

457,866

395,070

 

(b) Financial risk management policies and objectives

 

   The Group and the Company is exposed to financial risks arising from its operations and the use of financial instruments. 

The key financial risks include foreign currency risk, interest rate risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and commodity price risk. 

The Group has documented financial risk management policies. These policies set out the Group’s overall business 

strategies and its risk management philosophy. The Group’s overall financial risk management programme seeks to 

minimise potential adverse effects on the financial performance of the Group.

 

  The Group does not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. 

 

   There has been no change to the Group’s exposure to these financial risks or the manner in which it manages and 

measures the risk.

 

  (i) Foreign currency risk

 

     As disclosed in Note 2.7 of the financial statements, the functional currency of the Company is the United States 

Dollar.

 

     The Group faces foreign exchange risk as its borrowings, export sales and the costs of certain purchases are 

denominated in a currency other than the respective functional currencies of the Group entities, primarily Singapore 

Dollar, Euro, Indonesian Rupiah, Malaysian Ringgit, Chinese Yuan Renminbi, CFA Franc and Thai Baht. The Group 

also holds cash and short-term deposits denominated in foreign currencies for working capital purposes.

 

     The Group enters into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the foreign currency exposure for some of  

its receivables. 

 

    Foreign currency sensitivity

 

     The following table details the sensitivity to a 5% increase and decrease in the relevant foreign currencies against 

the functional currency of each Group entity. 5% is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk 

internally to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible 

change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated 

monetary items and adjusts their translation at the period end for a 5% change in foreign currency rates. The 

sensitivity analysis includes external loans as well as loans to foreign operations within the Group where they gave 

rise to an impact on the Group’s profit or loss and/or equity.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018


\ 162

31. Financial risks and management (cont’d)

 

(b) Financial risk management policies and objectives (cont’d)

 

  (i) Foreign currency risk (cont’d)

 

     Foreign currency sensitivity (cont’d)

 

     If the relevant foreign currency strengthens by 5% against the functional currency of each Group entity, income 

will increase/(decrease) by:

Group

Company

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

United States Dollar

(2,095)

446

(1,186)

–

–

–

Singapore Dollar

104

111

(89)

7

(8)

1

Euro 1

754

72

133

3

1

–

Pound Sterling

174

–

–

–

–

–

Swedish Krona

92

–

–

–

–

–

 

 1 It excludes the effect of foreign currency exposure that has been materially hedged.

 

  (ii) Interest rate risk

 

     Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of the Group’s and the Company’s financial 

instruments will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. The Group’s primary interest rate risk arises 

from its loan payables.

 

    The Group’s exposures to interest rates are set out below.

 

    Interest rate sensitivity

 

     The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for non-derivative 

instruments at the end of the reporting period and the stipulated change taking place at the beginning of the 

financial year and held constant throughout the reporting period in the case of instruments that have floating 

rates. A 50 basis point increase or decrease is used when reporting interest rate risk internally to key management 

personnel and represents management’s assessment of the possible change in interest rates.

 

     If interest rates had been 50 basis points higher or lower and all other variables were held constant, the Group’s 

income for the financial year would decrease/increase by US$3,351,000 (31 December 2017: decrease/increase by 

US$2,004,000, 1 January 2017: US$2,438,000). This is mainly attributable to the Group’s exposure to interest rates 

on its balance due to the banks and financial institutions, and certain loan receivables.

 

  (iii) Credit risk

 

     Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss 

to the Group. The Group has adopted a policy of only dealing with creditworthy counterparties and obtaining 

sufficient collateral where appropriate, as a means of mitigating the risk of financial loss from defaults. The Group’s 

exposure and the credit ratings of its counterparties are continuously monitored and the aggregate value of 

transactions concluded is spread amongst approved counterparties.

 

     The Group does not have any significant credit risk exposure to any single counterparty or any Group of 

counterparties having similar characteristics. The Group defines counterparties as having similar characteristics if 

they are related entities. The credit risk on liquid funds and derivative financial instruments is limited because the 

counterparties are creditworthy entities.

 

     The maximum exposure to credit risk in the event that the counterparties fail to perform their obligations as at the 

end of the reporting period in relation to each class of recognised financial assets is the carrying amount of those 

assets as stated in the statement of financial position.

 

     The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there has been a 

significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period. 

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








163 \

31. Financial risks and management (cont’d)

 

(b) Financial risk management policies and objectives (cont’d)

 

  (iii) Credit risk (cont’d)

 

     The Group has determined the default event on a financial asset to be when the counterparty fails to make contractual 

payments, within 90 days of when they fall due, which are derived based on the Group’s historical information. 

 

     To assess whether there is significant increase in credit risk, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring 

on the asset as at reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition. The Group considers 

available reasonable and supportive forward-looking information which includes the following indicators:

 

    –  Internal credit rating 

 

    –  External credit rating 

 

    –  Actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions  

 

      that are expected to cause a significant change to the borrower’s ability to meet its obligation 

 

    –  Actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of the borrower 

 

    –  Significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same borrower 

 

    –  Significant changes in the value of the collateral supporting the obligation or in the quality of  

 

      third party guarantees or credit enhancements 

 

    –   Significant changes in the expected performance and behaviour of the borrower, including changes  

 in the payment status of borrowers in the group and changes in the operating results of the borrower.

 

     Regardless of the analysis above, a significant increase in credit risk is presumed if a debtor is more than 90 days 

past due in making contractual payment. 

 

     The Group determined that its financial assets are credit-impaired when: 

–  There is significant difficulty of the issuer or the borrower 

–  A breach of contract, such as a default or past due event 

–  It is becoming probably that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation 

–  There is disappearance of an active market for the financial asset because of financial difficulty

 

     The Group categorises a loan or receivable for potential write-off when a debtor fails to make contractual payments 

more than 365 days past due. Financial assets are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, 

such as a debtor failing to engage in repayment plan with the Group. Where loans and receivables have been 

written off, the Group continues to engage enforcement activity to attempt to recover the receivable due. Where 

recoveries are made, these are recognised in profit or loss.

 

     The following are credit risk management practices and qualitative information about amount arising from 

expected credit losses for each class of financial assets.

 

    (i) 

Trade receivables

 

 

 The Group provides for expected credit losses (“ECL”) for all trade receivables using a provision matrix. The 

provision rates are determined based on the Group’s historical observed default rates analyse in accordance 

to days past due by grouping of customers which are:

 

 

– HRC Group  

 

 

– Corrie MacColl Group and SINRIO Group 

 

    (ii) 

Other receivables

 

 

 The Group provides for ECL for all financial assets based on general approach of 12-months ECL either 

individual or collective basis.

 

    (iii) Credit risk 

 

 

Credit risk concentration profile

 

 

 The Group determines concentrations of credit risk by monitoring the country profile of its trade receivables 

on an on-going basis. The credit risk concentration profile of the Group’s trade receivables (net of impairment 

loss on receivables) at the statement of financial position date is as follows:

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 164

31. Financial risks and management (cont’d)

 

(b) Financial risk management policies and objectives (cont’d)

 

  (iii) Credit risk (cont’d)

Group

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

By country:

Singapore

4,110

3,459

12,457 

Asia (excluding Singapore and China)

36,445

30,141

21,901 

China

13,806

15,885

18,140 

United States of America (“USA”)/Canada

44,373

30,406

16,683 

Europe

39,603

33,840

25,061 

Others

8,408

7,958

3,824 

146,745

121,689

98,066

 

    Further details of credit risks on trade receivables are disclosed in Note 18 to the financial statements.

 

    (iv) Liquidity risk

 

 

 Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group or the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting financial obligations 

due to shortage of funds. The Group’s and the Company’s exposure to liquidity risk arises primarily from 

mismatches of the maturities of financial assets and liabilities.

 

 

 The Group maintains sufficient liquidity at all times by efficient cash and working capital management.

 

 

 The Group’s ability to meet its obligations is managed by maintaining appropriate level of cash balance and 

working capital balances.

 

 

 Non-derivative financial instruments

 

 

 The following tables detail the remaining contractual maturity for non-derivative financial instruments.

 

 

 The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest 

date on which the Group can be required to pay. The tables include both interest and principal cash flows.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 166

165 \

31. Financial risks and management (cont’d)

 

(b) Financial risk management policies and objectives (cont’d)

 

  (iv) Liquidity risk (cont’d)

 

    Non-derivative financial instruments

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

US$’000

US$’000

Weighted  

average effective 

interest rate

On demand or 

within one year

One to three 

years

Over three  

years

Adjustment

Total

Weighted  

average effective 

interest rate

On demand or  

within one year

One to three 

years

Over three  

years

Adjustment

Total

%

%

Group

Financial assets:

Trade and other receivables-  

interest bearing

6.50

53,407

–

–

(2,784)

50,623

5.50

54,441

–

–

(2,838)

51,603

Trade and other receivables- 

non-interest bearing

178,650

3,491

–

–

182,141

149,769

3,641

–

–

153,410

Cash at banks and in hand

65,323

–

–

–

65,323

112,461

–

–

–

112,461

Short term deposits

(0.34) 1

57,412

–

–

196

57,608

5.05

38,442

–

–

(1,847)

36,595

Total undiscounted financial assets

354,792

3,491

–

(2,588)

355,695

355,113

3,641

     –

(4,685)

354,069

Financial liabilities:

Trade and other payables

72,966

–

–

–

72,966

92,150

–

–

–

92,150

Finance lease creditors

1.89

48

139

–

(13)

174

3.50

517

86

–

(21)

582

Loan payables- variable rate

3.61

456,379

325,658

–

(54,182)

727,855

3.10

205,001

22,901

309,341

(48,261)

488,982

Loan payables- fixed rate

7.76

104,632

23,542

100,752

(44,741)

184,185

5.92

25,295

31,114

102,200

(37,080)

121,529

Total undiscounted financial liabilities

634,025

349,339

100,752

(98,936)

985,180

322,963

54,101

411,541

(85,362)

703,243

Company

Financial assets:

Trade and other receivables

808,297

–

–

–

808,297

670,812

–

–

–

670,812

Cash at banks and in hand

770

–

–

–

770

706

–

–

–

706

809,067

–

–

–

809,067

671,518

–

–

–

671,518

Financial liabilities:

Trade and other payables

123,070

–

–

–

123,070

155,167

–

–

–

155,167

Finance lease creditors

–

–

–

–

–

3.50

517

86

–

(21)

582

Loan payables- variable rate

3.66

315,456

325,658

–

(49,547)

591,567

3.08

12,280

22,901

309,341

(42,405)

302,117

438,526

325,658

–

(49,547)

714,637

167,964

22,987

309,341 

(42,426)

457,866

 

 

1 Current Euro interbank offered rate (“Euribor”) is a negative interest rate.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








167 \

31. Financial risks and management (cont’d)

 

(b) Financial risk management policies and objectives (cont’d)

 

  (iv) Liquidity risk (cont’d)

 

    Non-derivative financial instruments

1 January 2017

US$’000

Weighted 

average effective 

interest rate

On demand or  

within one year

One to three 

years

Over three  

years Adjustment

Total

%

Group

Financial assets:

Trade and other receivables-  

interest bearing

–

–

–

–

–

Trade and other receivables- 

non-interest bearing

124,932

3,209

–

–

128,141

Cash at banks and in hand

58,532

–

–

–

58,532

Short term deposits

2.84

8,322

–

–

(229)

8,093

Total undiscounted 

financial assets

191,786

3,209

     –

(229)

194,766

Financial liabilities:

Trade and other payables

86,881

–

–

–

86,881

Finance lease creditors

3.50

553

625

–

  (81)

1,097

Loan payables- variable rate

2.49

236,179

19,978

280,694

(41,191)

495,660

Loan payables- fixed rate

5.80

28,447

116,033

123,228

(58,351)

209,357

Total undiscounted 

financial liabilities

352,060

136,636

403,922

(99,623)

792,995

Company

Financial assets:

Trade and other 

receivables

371,725

–

–

–

371,725

Cash at banks and in hand

430

–

–

–

430

372,155

–

–

–

372,155

Financial liabilities:

Trade and other payables

33,620

–

–

–

33,620

Finance lease creditors

3.50

517

603

–

(74)

1,046

Loan payables-  

variable rate

2.64

2,965

5,705

302,104

(36,107)

274,667

Loan payables – fixed rate

8.05

6,287

97,276

–

(17,826)

85,737

43,389

103,584

302,104

(54,007)

395,070

 

    Derivative financial instruments

 

     The liquidity analysis for derivative financial instruments has been drawn up based on the undiscounted net cash 

inflows/(outflows) on the derivative instrument that settle on a net basis and the undiscounted gross inflows and 

outflows on those derivatives that require gross settlement. When the amount payable or receivable is not fixed, 

the amount disclosed has been determined by reference to the projected interest rates as illustrated by the yield 

curves existing at the end of the reporting period.

 

    Please refer to Note 20 for more details.

 

  (v) Commodity price risk

 

    Due to the nature of the Group’s operations, the Group is exposed to changes in agricultural commodity prices. 

 

     At the end of the reporting period, a 5% increase/decrease of the commodities price index, with all other variables 

held constant, would have increased/decreased profit before income tax by US$151,000 (31 December 2017: 

increased/decreased profit before tax by US$834,000, 1 January 2017: increased/decreased profit before tax by 

US$2,647,000) and increased/decreased equity by US$151,000 (31 December 2017: increased/decreased equity by 

US$834,000, 31 December 2017: increased/decreased equity by US$2,647,000).

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 168

32. Related party transactions

 

 Some of the Company’s transactions and arrangements are with related parties and the effect of these on the basis 

determined between the parties is reflected in these financial statements.

 

During the year, Group entities entered into the following transactions with related parties:

Group

2018

2017

US$’000

US$’000

Sale of goods to penultimate holding company

388

78,169

Purchase of goods from penultimate holding company

–

(4,001)

 

Compensation of directors and key management personnel

 

The remuneration of directors and other members of key management personnel during the year were as follows:

Group

2018

2017

US$’000

US$’000

Directors’ fees (Note 8)

457

355

Short-term benefits

2,295

5,619

2,752

5,974

33. Segment information

 

 The Group is a global leader in natural rubber, supporting the world’s growing mobility needs through the origination, 

production and distribution of natural rubber. The Group sources a broad range of grades from all major origins globally, 

operates 38 natural rubber processing facilities in Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, China, Cameroon and Ivory Coast, and 

distributes to an international customer base through its network of warehouses and sales offices in South East Asia, 

China, the United States of America and Europe. 

 

On 1 January 2018, the Group has streamlined its operating structure into the following key segments:

 

(a)  Corrie MacColl Group – This business segment includes our plantation and processing business in Cameroon and 

Malaysia and our distribution business under the brand name of Centrotrade, Wurfbain, Corrie MacColl, Alan L. Grant, 

Momentum Technologies and Kelvin Terminals.

 

(b)  HRC Group – This business segment includes our processing factories in Indonesia and Ivory Coast and distribution 

business in Singapore, whose customers are predominantly top-tier global tyre makers.

 

(c)  SINRIO Group – This business segment includes our processing factories in China, Malaysia and Thailand, and our 

distribution business in Singapore and China, whose customers are predominantly tyre makers based in PRC.

 

(d)  Corporate segment – covers group strategic management, corporate finance, group administration and legal matters, 

treasury, and taxation.

 

Segmental performance is continuously monitored to optimise the allocation of resources between segments.

 

 Segment assets and liabilities include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can be allocated on a 

reasonable basis.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








169 \

33. Segment information (cont’d)

Corrie MacColl Group

HRC Group

SINRIO Group

Corporate

Elimination

Consolidated

2018

US$’000

2017

US$’000

2018

US$’000

2017

US$’000

2018

US$’000

2017

US$’000

2018

US$’000

2017

US$’000

2018

US$’000

2017

US$’000

2018

US$’000

2017

US$’000

Revenue to third party

626,370

388,408

690,354

683,152

824,310

1,086,823

–

–

–

–

2,141,034

2,158,383

Inter-segment revenue

5,102

32,872

52,583

377,865

13,087

40,040

20,073

10,140

(90,845)

(460,917)

A

–

–

Total revenue

631,472

421,280

742,937

1,061,017

837,397

1,126,863

20,073

10,140

(90,845)

(460,917)

2,141,034

2,158,383

Gross profit

46,348

25,868

18,871

88,737

53,280

35,953

20,073

10,140

(20,129)

(10,140)

B

118,443

150,558

Operating profit/(loss)

14,186

9,169

(24,619)

45,423

6,897

(10,230)

8,069

14,887

(58)

–

4,475

59,249

Finance income

4,900

2,950

Finance costs

(26,174)

(25,674)

Share of result of 

associates

(165)

10,043

(Loss)/Profit before 

taxation

(16,964)

46,568

Income tax credit/

(expense)

3,551

(12,038)

(Loss)/Profit for the 

financial year

(13,413)

34,530

Segment assets

1,008,340

915,516

614,540

661,887

367,984

464,188

1,494,485

1,326,362

(1,670,729)

(1,735,200)

C

1,814,620

1,632,753

Segment liabilities

579,356

477,152

551,178

543,782

227,277

402,350

716,085

510,606

(995,163)

(1,134,300)

D

1,078,733

799,590

Other information:

Management fee 

expense/(income)

–

1,800

13,409

4,740

6,655

3,600

(20,064)

(10,140)

–

–

–

–

Depreciation expense 

6,886

5,829

13,221

12,446

8,307

8,449

65

68

–

–

28,479

26,792

Fair value gain on  

investment properties

–

–

3,290

1,239

1,225

19

–

–

–

–

4,515

1,258

Unrealised fair value 

loss on open forward 

commodity contracts 

and adjustment on 

inventories

13,519

2,653

(14,351)

(6,011)

(7,220)

1,332

–

–

–

–

(8,052)

(2,026)

Capital expenditure

66,983

39,705

8,005

7,721

3,270

6,186

456

881

–

–

78,714

54,493

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 170

33. Segment information (cont’d)

 

As at 1 January 2017

Corrie MacColl 

Group

HRC Group

SINRIO 

Group

Corporate

Elimination

Consolidated

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Segment assets

373,749

824,176

351,626

1,655,727

(1,655,756)

C

1,549,522

Segment liabilities

147,606

492,751

229,717

649,612

(592,243)

D

927,443

 

Nature of adjustments and eliminations to arrive at amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements

 

A.  Inter-segment revenues are eliminated on consolidation. 

 

B.  Management fee is eliminated on consolidation.

 

C. Elimination on investment in subsidiaries and intercompany balances.

 

D. Elimination on intercompany balances.

 

 

Geographical information

 

 The Group’s revenue from external customers and information about its segment assets (non-current assets including 

intangible assets, property, plant and equipment, plantation related properties, biological assets, investment properties, 

deferred charges and other assets) by geographical location are detailed below:

Group

2018

2017

US$’000

US$’000

Sales of natural rubber

Singapore

157,073

124,971

Asia (excluding Singapore and China)

533,166

621,705

China

579,636

679,677

USA/Canada

378,548

208,080

Europe

444,213

467,407

Others

48,398

56,543

2,141,034

2,158,383

 

 The table above shows the Group’s revenue by geographical locations based on the origin of the customers’ ultimate 

parent company.

Group

2018

31 Dec 2017

1 Jan 2017

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Non-current assets

Singapore

18,900

17,700

21,383

Asia

562,273

421,555

447,620

Africa

410,576

370,621

309,022

Europe

26,161

3,472

188,882

Others

11,975

243

60

1,029,885

813,591

966,967

 

 Non-current assets presented above includes intangible assets, property, plant and equipment, plantation related 

properties, biological assets, investment properties, deferred charges, loans and other receivables, investment in associates 

and other assets as presented in the consolidated statement of financial position.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








171 \

34. Fair value of assets and liabilities

 

(a) Fair value hierarchies

 

   The Group categorises fair value measurements using a fair value hierarchy that is dependent on the valuation inputs 

used as follows:

 

   Level 1 

 

  –   Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for identical assets or liabilities that the Group can access at the 

measurement date,

 

  Level 2 

 

  –   Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly 

or indirectly, and

 

  Level 3 

 

  –  Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

 

(b) Assets and liabilities measured at fair value 

 

   The following table shows an analysis of each class of assets and liabilities measured at fair value at the end of the 

reporting period:

Group

2018

Fair value measurements at the end of the reporting period using

Quoted prices  

in active markets 

for identical 

instruments 

(Level 1)

Significant 

observable 

inputs other than 

quoted prices 

(Level 2)

Significant  

un-observable 

inputs  

(Level 3)

Total

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Assets measured at fair value

Financial assets:

Derivative financial instruments

44,190

–

–

44,190

Financial assets as at  

31 December 2018

44,190

–

–

44,190

Non-financial assets: 

Inventories

–

267,976

–

267,976

Biological assets

–

–

10,225

10,225

Investment properties

–

–

46,799

46,799

Non-financial assets as at  

31 December 2018

–

267,976

57,024

325,000

Liabilities measured at fair value

Financial liabilities:

Derivative financial instruments

1,920

–

–

1,920

Financial liabilities as at  

31 December 2018

1,920

–

–

1,920

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 172

34. Fair value of assets and liabilities (cont’d)

 

(b) Assets and liabilities measured at fair value (cont’d)

Group

31 Dec 2017

Fair value measurements at the end of the reporting period using

Quoted prices  

in active markets 

for identical 

instruments 

(Level 1)

Significant 

observable 

inputs other than 

quoted prices 

(Level 2)

Significant  

un-observable 

inputs  

(Level 3)

Total

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Assets measured at fair value

Financial assets:

Derivative financial instruments

22,885

–

–

22,885

Financial assets as at  

31 December 2017

22,885

–

–

22,885

Non-financial assets:

Inventories

–

281,551

–

281,551

Biological assets

–

–

8,910

8,910

Investment properties

–

–

25,256

25,256

Non-financial assets as at  

31 December 2017

–

281,551

34,166

315,717

Liabilities measured at fair value

Financial liabilities:

Derivative financial instruments

145

–

–

145

Financial liabilities as at  

31 December 2017

145

–

–

145

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








173 \

34. Fair value of assets and liabilities (cont’d)

 

(b) Assets and liabilities measured at fair value (cont’d)

Group

1 Jan 2017

Fair value measurements at the end of the reporting period using

Quoted prices  

in active markets 

for identical 

instruments 

(Level 1)

Significant 

observable 

inputs other than 

quoted prices 

(Level 2)

Significant  

un-observable 

inputs  

(Level 3)

Total

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Assets measured at fair value

Financial assets:

Derivative financial instruments

30,889

–

–

30,889

Financial assets as at  

1 January 2017

30,889

–

–

30,889

Non-financial assets:

Inventories

–

299,393

–

299,393

Biological assets

–

–

6,955

6,955

Investment properties

–

–

39,791

39,791

Non-financial assets as at  

1 January 2017

–

299,393

46,746

346,139

Liabilities measured at fair value

Financial liabilities:

Derivative financial instruments

58,786

–

–

58,786

Financial liabilities as at  

1 January 2017

58,786

–

–

58,786

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 174

34. Fair value of assets and liabilities (cont’d)

 

(b) Assets and liabilities measured at fair value (cont’d)

Company

2018

Fair value measurements at the end of the reporting period using

Quoted prices  

in active markets 

for identical 

instruments 

(Level 1)

Significant 

observable 

inputs other than 

quoted prices 

(Level 2)

Significant  

un-observable 

inputs  

(Level 3)

Total

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Assets measured at fair value

Financial assets:

Derivative financial instruments

670

–

–

670

Financial assets as at  

31 December 2018

670

–

–

670

Liabilities measured at fair value

Financial liabilities:

Derivative financial instruments

670

–

–

670

Financial liabilities as at  

31 December 2018

670

–

–

670

 

 

(c) Level 2 fair value measurements

 

   The fair value of inventories (except consumables) are calculated using quoted prices in relevant commodity exchanges 

at the end of the reporting period, making adjustments according to the stage of production of the inventories, port of 

loading, and grades of products. Where such prices are not available, the Group uses valuation models to determine 

the fair values based on relevant factors, including trade price quotations, time value and volatility factors underlying 

the commodities and commodity exchange price quotations and dealer quotations for similar commodities traded in 

different markets and geographical areas, existing at the end of the reporting period.

 

(d) Level 3 fair value measurements

 

  (i) Information about significant unobservable inputs used in Level 3 fair value measurements 

 

    Biological assets

 

     The fair value of the Group’s major biological assets has been determined based on valuations by an independent 

professional valuer using the discounted cash flow valuation approach. The most significant inputs into the 

discounted cash flow valuation approach are the average annual yield and discount rate. The fair value of biological 

assets is computed using average annual yield of 1.6 metric tonne per hectare (31 December 2017: 1.6 metric 

tonne), and discount rate of 11% (31 December 2017: 11%, 1 January 2017: 11%) for oil palm and rubber trees in 

Malaysia plantation, average yield per tapping cycle of 7.42 metric tonne per hectare (31 December 2017: 0.07 

metric tonne per hectare, 1 January 2017: 0.03 metric tonne per hectare) and 0.01 metric tonne per hectare  

(31 December 2017: 0.01 metric tonne per hectare, 1 January 2017: 0.01 metric tonne per hectare) for oil palm in 

Malaysia and rubber latex in Africa plantations respectively.

 

     An increase in average annual yield per hectare will result in an increase to the fair value of biological assets, while 

an increase in discount rate will result in a decrease of estimated fair value. 

 

    Investment properties

 

     The fair value of the Group’s investment properties have been derived using the sales comparison approach. Sales 

prices of comparable properties in close proximity are adjusted for differences in key attributes such as property 

location, accessibility, topography, facilities and utilities, size and date of transaction.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








175 \

34. Fair value of assets and liabilities (cont’d)

 

(d) Level 3 fair value measurements (cont’d)

 

  (ii) Movements in Level 3 assets measured at fair value

 

     The following table presents the reconciliation for all assets measured at fair value based on significant unobservable 

inputs (Level 3):

2018

Biological  

assets

Investment 

properties

Total

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Group

Opening balance

8,910

25,256

34,166

Fair value gain recognised in profit or loss

1

4,515

4,516

Additions

1,522

30

1,552

Acquisition of subsidiaries

–

3,616

3,616

Disposals

–

(1,712)

(1,712)

Reclassification from assets of disposal group 

classified as held-for-sale (Note 22)

–

16,656

16,656

Exchange differences

(208)

(1,562)

(1,770)

Closing balance

10,225

46,799

57,024

2017

Biological  

assets

Investment 

properties

Total

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Group

Opening balance

6,955

39,791

46,746

Fair value gain recognised in profit or loss

259

1,258

1,517

Additions

890

–

890

Disposals

–

(413)

(413)

Reclassification to assets of disposal group 

classified as held-for-sale (Note 22)

–

(16,656)

(16,656)

Exchange differences

806

1,276

2,082

Closing balance

8,910

25,256

34,166

 

     There has been no transfer from Level 1 and Level 2 to Level 3 for the financial years ended 31 December 2018,  

31 December 2017 and 31 December 2016.

 

  (iii) Valuation policies and procedures

 

     It is the Group’s policy to engage external valuation experts to perform the valuation of biological assets and 

investment properties. The management is responsible for selecting and engaging valuation experts that possess 

the relevant credentials and knowledge on the subject of valuation, valuation methodologies, and SFRS(I) 13 fair 

value measurement guidance.

 

     Management reviews the appropriateness of the valuation methodologies and assumptions adopted, and the 

reliability of the inputs used in the valuations.

 

(e)  Fair value of financial instruments not measured at fair value and whose carrying amounts are reasonable 

approximation of fair value

 

   The carrying amounts of cash and bank balances (Note 17), trade receivable (Note 18), loans and other receivables  

(Note 19), trade payables (Note 23), other payables (Note 24), and loan payables (Note 25) approximate their respective 

fair values due to the relatively short-term maturity of these financial instruments or that they are floating rate 

instruments that are re-priced to market interest rates on or near the statement of financial position date.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 176

35. Dividends on ordinary shares

Group and Company

2018

2017

US$’000

US$’000

Paid during the financial year

Dividends on ordinary shares:

– Final exempt (one-tier) dividend for 2017: S$0.01 (2016: S$Nil) per share

12,044

–

– Special exempt (one-tier) dividend for 2017: S$0.01 (2016: S$Nil) per share

12,044

–

Total

24,088

–

Proposed but not recognised as a liability as at 31 December

Dividends on ordinary shares, subject to shareholders’ approval at the AGM:

– Final exempt (one-tier) dividend for 2018: S$nil (2017: S$0.01) per share

–

11,933

– Special exempt (one-tier) dividend for 2018: S$nil (2017: S$0.01) per share

–

11,933

Total

–

23,866

36. Capital management

 

 The Group reviews its capital structure at least annually to ensure that the Group will be able to continue as a going 

concern, while maximising the return to stakeholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance.

 

 The Group is required to comply with loan covenants imposed by the lenders. This externally imposed requirement has 

been complied with by the Group, including relevant subsidiary companies for the financial year ended 31 December 

2018, 31 December 2017 and 1 January 2017.

 

 The capital structure of the Group comprises only of issued capital and retained earnings. The Group manages its capital 

structure and makes adjustments to it, in light of changes in economic conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital 

structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. 

No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes during the years ended 31 December 2018, 31 December 

2017 and 1 January 2017.

 

 The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is net borrowing divided by total equity. The Group includes 

within net borrowing, loans and borrowings, finance lease obligation, adjusted for working capital items.

Group

2018

2017

US$’000

US$’000

Loan payables (Note 25)

912,040

610,511

Finance lease obligation (Note 30(b))

174

582

Total borrowing

912,214

611,093

Adjust for: Working capital items

– Trade receivables (Note 18)

(146,745)

(121,689)

– Inventories (Note 21)

(297,941)

(305,347)

– Cash and bank balances (Note 17)

(125,214)

(152,229)

– Trade payables (Note 23)

34,570

38,757

Net borrowing

376,884

70,585

Total equity

735,886

833,163

Gearing ratio

0.51

0.08

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








177 \

37. Comparative figures

 

 The financial effects arising from first-time adoption of SFRS(I) to the consolidated statement of financial position 

and income statement of the Group as follows:

Group

1 January 2017 

(FRS)

SFRS(I) 1 

adjustments

1 January 2017 

(SFRS(I))

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Consolidated statement 

of financial position

Deferred tax liabilities

(34,763)

(3,947)

(38,710)

Accumulated profits

(48,116)

81,395

33,279

Foreign currency 

translation reserve

77,448

(77,448)

–

31 December 2017 

(FRS)

SFRS(I) 1 

adjustments

1 January 2018 

(SFRS(I))

SFRS(I) 9 

adjustments

1 January 2018  

(SFRS(I))

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Consolidated statement 

of financial position

Trade receivables

121,689

–

121,689

(337)

121,352

Loans and other 

receivables

111,058

–

111,058

(227)

110,831

Deferred tax liabilities

(26,114)

(4,668)

(30,782)

–

(30,782)

Accumulated profits

(76,422)

82,116

5,694

564

6,258

Foreign currency 

translation reserve

34,776

(77,448)

(42,672)

–

(42,672)

Consolidated income 

statement

Profit for the  

financial year

35,251

(721)

34,530

–

34,530

Company

31 December 2017 

(SFRS(I))

SFRS(I) 9 

adjustments

1 January 2018  

(SFRS(I))

US$’000

US$’000

US$’000

Consolidated statement of financial position

Loans and other receivables

671,089

(5)

671,084

Accumulated profits

62,609

(5)

62,604

Consolidated income statement

Profit for the financial year

(8,246)

–

(8,246)

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








\ 178

38. Event occurring after the reporting period

 

a)   Issuance of shares by a subsdiary

 

   In February 2019, the Group’s subsidiary, HeveaConnect Pte. Ltd. (“HeveaConnect”) entered into a share subscription 

agreement with ITOCHU Corporation (“ITOCHU”) for ITOCHU to subscribe 66,807 shares for US$2,200,000 and an 

option to subscribe for additional shares for US$800,000. Subsequent to the shares issuance, the Group’s total equity 

interest in HeveaConnect has changed from 90.1% to 71.1%.

 

b)   Redemption of perpetual securities

 

   In March 2019, the Group announced, of its intention to redeem all the perpetual securities on 26 April 2019 at 100% 

of the principal amount of the perpetual securities of US$150,000,000, together with distribution accrued to the 

redemption date.

39. Authorisation of financial statements for issue

 

 The financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018 were authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution 

of the directors on 26 March 2019.

Notes to the Financial Statements 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2018








179 \

Statistics Of Shareholdings 

As at 20 March 2019

Issued and paid-up share capital : S$952,655,008.46

Number of issued shares 

: 1,595,011,941

Number of treasury shares 

: Nil

Number of subsidiary holdings 

: Nil

Voting rights on a poll 

: 1 vote for each ordinary share

DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDINGS

SIZE OF SHAREHOLDINGS

NO. OF 

SHAREHOLDERS

%

NO. OF SHARES

%

1 – 99

1,896

17.53

110,962

0.01

100 – 1,000

3,478

32.16

1,515,548

0.09

1,001 – 10,000

3,823

35.34

16,372,757

1.03

10,001 – 1,000,000

1,590

14.70

79,221,134

4.97

1,000,001 AND ABOVE

29

0.27

1,497,791,540

93.90

TOTAL

10,816

100.00

1,595,011,941

100.00

TWENTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS

NO.

NAME

NO. OF SHARES

%

1

SINOCHEM INTERNATIONAL (OVERSEAS ) PTE LTD

877,056,655

54.99

2

UOB KAY HIAN PRIVATE LIMITED

166,862,118

10.46

3

CITIBANK NOMINEES SINGAPORE PTE LTD

86,241,812

5.41

4

DBS NOMINEES (PRIVATE) LIMITED

76,750,351

4.81

5

GMG HOLDING (H.K.) LIMITED

72,922,374

4.57

6

CREDENCE CAPITAL FUND II (CAYMAN) LIMITED

52,500,000

3.29

7

RAFFLES NOMINEES (PTE.) LIMITED

50,749,638

3.18

8

GOI SENG HUI

25,000,000

1.57

9

OCBC SECURITIES PRIVATE LIMITED

11,880,834

0.74

10

NOMURA SINGAPORE LIMITED

11,711,047

0.73

11

PANWELL (PTE) LTD

11,601,183

0.73

12

ANDREW TREVATT

9,013,066

0.57

13

DBS VICKERS SECURITIES (SINGAPORE) PTE LTD

5,754,381

0.36

14

BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES SINGAPORE PTE LTD

5,726,101

0.36

15

BESCHIZZA LEONARD PETER SILVIO

4,000,000

0.25

16

CGS-CIMB SECURITIES (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.

3,634,036

0.23

17

GE JIANMING

3,550,347

0.22

18

SEE YONG HANG

2,845,818

0.18

19

TAN NG KUANG

2,799,900

0.18

20

PHILLIP SECURITIES PTE LTD

2,349,722

0.15

TOTAL

1,482,949,383

92.98








\ 180

Statistics Of Shareholdings 

As at 20 March 2019

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

    Direct Interest

     Deemed Interest

Name of Substantial Shareholders

Number of shares

%

Number of shares

%

Sinochem International (Overseas) Pte. Ltd.

877,056,655

54.99

–

–

Sinochem International Corporation (1)

–

–

877,056,655

54.99

Sinochem Corporation (1)

–

–

877,056,655

54.99

Sinochem Group (1)

–

–

877,056,655

54.99

China-Africa Agrichemical Investment Corporation 

Limited

162,864,000

10.21

–

–

China-Africa Development Fund (2)

–

–

162,864,000

10.21

Mieke Bintati Gondobintoro

859,329

0.05

84,523,557 (3)

5.30

Jeffrey Gondobintoro

639,642

0.04

84,523,557 (3)

5.30

Notes:

(1)  Each of Sinochem International Corporation, Sinochem Corporation and Sinochem Group is deemed interested in the shares held by Sinochem 

International (Overseas) Pte. Ltd. (“SIO”), by virtue of its controlling interest in SIO.

(2)  China-Africa Development Fund is deemed interested in the shares held by its wholly owned subsidiary, China-Africa Agrichemical Investment 

Corporation Limited.

(3)  Mieke Bintati Gondobintoro and Jeffrey Gondobintoro are deemed interested in the 11,601,183 shares held by Panwell (Pte) Ltd and 72,922,374 

shares held by GMG Holding (H.K.) Limited.

SHAREHOLDINGS HELD IN HANDS OF PUBLIC

Based on the information available to the Company as at 20 March 2019, approximately 24.37% of the issued ordinary shares 

of the Company is held by the public. Therefore, Rule 723 of the Listing Manual of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited is complied with.








181 \

Notice of Annual General Meeting

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of Halcyon Agri Corporation Limited (the “Company”) 

will be held at RELC International Hotel, 30 Orange Grove Road (Off Orchard Road), Singapore 258352 on Tuesday,  

23 April 2019 at 4.00 p.m. for the purpose of transacting the following business:

ORDINARY BUSINESS

1.

 To receive and adopt the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 December 

2018, the Directors’ Statement and the Independent Auditor’s Report thereon.

(Resolution 1) 

2.

 To re-elect Mr Gunther Robert Meyer, the Director who is retiring pursuant to Regulation 91 of the 

Constitution of the Company and who, being eligible, offers himself for re-election.

(Resolution 2) 

3.

 To re-elect Mr Liu Hongsheng, the Director who is retiring pursuant to Regulation 91 of the  

Constitution of the Company and who, being eligible, offers himself for re-election.

(Resolution 3) 

 

4.

 To re-elect Mr Liew Choon Wei, the Director who is retiring pursuant to Regulation 91 of the 

Constitution of the Company and who, being eligible, offers himself for re-election.

(Resolution 4) 

 

5.

To appoint Mr Lam Chun Kai @Lam Chung Kai as a Director of the Company pursuant to Regulation 

95 of the Constitution of the Company.

To note the retirement of Mr Raymond John Ferguson pursuant to Regulation 91 of the Constitution 

of the Company.

(Resolution 5) 

 

6.

 To approve the sum of up to S$750,000 to be paid quarterly in arrears, to the non-executive Directors 

as Directors’ fees for the financial year ending 31 December 2019.

(Resolution 6) 

 

7.

To re-appoint Messrs Ernst &amp; Young LLP as Auditor of the Company and to authorise the Directors to 

fix its remuneration.

(Resolution 7) 

 

8.

 To transact any other ordinary business which may be properly transacted at an AGM.

SPECIAL BUSINESS

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following as Ordinary Resolutions, with or without modification(s): 

9.

Authority to Allot and Issue Shares

(Resolution 8)

 THAT pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act, Chapter 50 of Singapore (the “Act”) and Rule 806 

of the Listing Manual, the Directors of the Company be authorised and empowered to:

(I)

(a) allot and issue shares in the capital of the Company (the “Shares”) whether by way of rights, 

bonus or otherwise; and/or

(b) make or grant offers, agreements or options (collectively, “Instruments”) that might or would 

require Shares to be issued, including but not limited to the creation and issue of (as well as 

adjustments to) warrants, debentures or other instruments convertible into Shares,

 at any time and upon such terms and conditions and for such purposes and to such persons as 

the Directors may in their absolute discretion deem fit; and

 at any time and upon such terms and conditions and for such purposes and to such persons as 

the Directors may in their absolute discretion deem fit; and

(II)

issue Shares in pursuance of any Instruments made or granted by the Directors while this 

Resolution was in force, notwithstanding that the authority conferred by this Resolution may 

have ceased to be in force at the time of such issuance of Shares,

PROVIDED THAT:

(1)

the aggregate number of Shares to be issued pursuant to this Resolution (including Shares to be 

issued in pursuance of the Instruments, made or granted pursuant to this Resolution), shall not 

exceed fifty per cent (50%) of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and 

subsidiary holdings) (as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph (2) below), of which the 

aggregate number of Shares to be issued other than on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders 

of the Company (including Shares to be issued in pursuance of Instruments made or granted 

pursuant to this Resolution) shall not exceed twenty per cent (20%) of the total number of issued 

Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) (as calculated in accordance with sub-

paragraph (2) below);

(2) (subject to such manner of calculation as may be prescribed by the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”)) for the purpose of determining the aggregate number of 

Shares (including Shares to be issued in pursuance of the Instruments, made or granted pursuant 

to this Resolution) that may be issued under sub-paragraph (1) above, the percentage of total 

issued Shares shall be based on the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and 

subsidiary holdings) at the time this Resolution is passed, after adjusting for:

(a) new Shares arising from the conversion or exercise of any convertible securities;

(b) new Shares arising from the exercise of share options or vesting of share awards which 

are outstanding and/or subsisting at the time of the passing of this Resolution, provided 

the options or awards (as the case may be) were granted in compliance with Part VIII of  

Chapter 8 of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST; and

(c) any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or sub-division of Shares,








\ 182

Notice of Annual General Meeting

(3) in exercising the authority conferred by this Resolution, the Company shall comply with the 

provisions of the Listing Manual for the time being in force (unless such compliance has been 

waived by the SGX-ST), all applicable legal requirements under the Act and the Constitution of 

the Company for the time being; and

(4) the authority conferred by this Resolution shall, unless revoked or varied by the Company in 

general meeting, continue to be in force until the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company 

or the date by which the next AGM of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is 

the earlier.

10.

Renewal of Share Buyback Mandate

(Resolution 9)

 THAT:

(1)

for the purposes of Sections 76C and 76E of the Companies Act, Chapter 50 of Singapore (the 

“Act”), the exercise by the Directors of the Company of all the powers of the Company to purchase 

or otherwise acquire issued ordinary shares of the Company (the “Shares”) not exceeding in 

aggregate the Maximum Percentage (as hereafter defined), at such price or prices as may be 

determined by the Directors from time to time up to the Maximum Price (as hereafter defined), 

whether by way of:

(a) market purchase(s) (“Market Purchases”) on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(“SGX-ST”) or on any other securities exchange on which the Shares may for the time being 

be listed and quoted (“Other Exchange”); and/or

(b) off-market purchase(s) (if effected otherwise than on the SGX-ST or, as the case may be,  

Other Exchange) (“Off-Market Purchases”), otherwise than on a securities exchange, in 

accordance with an equal access scheme as may be determined or formulated by the Directors 

as they consider fit, which scheme(s) shall satisfy all the conditions prescribed by the Act,

and otherwise in accordance with all other laws and regulations and rules of the SGX-ST or, as the  

case may be, Other Exchange as may for the time being be applicable, be and is hereby authorised 

and approved generally and unconditionally (the “Share Buyback Mandate”);

(2) unless varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting, the authority conferred on the 

Directors of the Company pursuant to the Share Buyback Mandate may be exercised by the 

Directors at any time and from time to time during the period commencing from the date of the 

passing of this Resolution and expiring on the earliest of:

(a) the date on which the next annual general meeting of the Company is held;

(b) the date by which the next annual general meeting of the Company is required by law to be 

held; and

(c) the date on which purchases and acquisitions of Shares pursuant to the Share Buyback 

Mandate are carried out to the full extent mandated;

(3) in this Resolution:

“Average Closing Price” means the average of the closing market prices of a Share over the last 

five consecutive market days on which the Shares are transacted on the SGX-ST or, as the case 

may be, the Other Exchange, immediately preceding the date of the Market Purchase by the 

Company or, as the case may be, the date of the making of the offer pursuant to the Off-Market 

Purchase, and deemed to be adjusted, in accordance with the listing rules of the SGX-ST, for any 

corporate action that occurs after the relevant five-day period;

“date of the making of the offer” means the date on which the Company announces its intention 

to make an offer for the purchase or acquisition of Shares from shareholders, stating therein the 

purchase price (which shall not be more than the Maximum Price calculated on the basis set out 

below) for each Share and the relevant terms of the equal access scheme for effecting the Off-

Market Purchase;

“Maximum Percentage” means that number of issued Shares representing 10% of the issued 

Shares of the Company as at the date of the passing of this Resolution (excluding treasury shares 

and subsidiary holdings (as defined in the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST)); and

“Maximum Price” in relation to a Share to be purchased or acquired, means the purchase price 

(excluding related brokerage, commission, applicable goods and services tax, stamp duties, 

clearance fees and other related expenses) which shall not exceed:

(a) in the case of a Market Purchase, 105% of the Average Closing Price of the Shares; and

(b) in the case of an Off-Market Purchase, 120% of the Average Closing Price of the Shares; and

(4) the Directors of the Company and/or any of them be and are hereby authorised to complete 

and do all such acts and things (including executing such documents as may be required) 

as they and/or he may consider expedient or necessary to give effect to the transactions 

contemplated and/ or authorised by this Resolution.

By Order of the Board

Liew Guat Yi 

Company Secretary 

Singapore 

8 April 2019








183 \

Notice of Annual General Meeting

Explanatory Notes 

Resolution 2: Re-election of Mr Gunther Robert Meyer as a Director

Mr Gunther Robert Meyer will, upon re-election as a Director of the Company, remain as an Executive Director and  

Chief Executive Officer, and a member of the Strategy and Investment Committee. There are no relationships (including 

family relationships) between Mr Meyer and the other Directors, the Company and its substantial shareholders. Please refer 

to the sections on Board of Directors and Corporate Governance in the Company’s Annual Report which is available at  

https://www.halcyonagri.com/investors-media/publications/ (the “Annual Report”) for further information on Mr Meyer, 

including information on the current directorships in other listed companies (if any) and other principal commitments.

Resolution 3: Re-election of Mr Liu Hongsheng as a Director

Mr Liu Hongsheng will, upon re-election as a Director of the Company, remain as a Non-executive Non-independent Chairman  

and Co-chairman of the Strategy and Investment Committee. Mr Liu is a nominee director of Sinochem International (Overseas) 

Pte. Ltd. (54.99% shareholder) and is a co-worker of Mr Qin Jinke, a Non-executive Non-independent Director, at Sinochem 

International Corporation. Please refer to the sections on Board of Directors and Corporate Governance in the Annual Report 

for further information on Mr Liu, including information on the current directorships in other listed companies and other principal 

commitments. Save as disclosed in the Annual Report, there are no relationships (including family relationships) between  

Mr Liu and the other Directors, the Company and its substantial shareholders.

Resolution 4: Re-election of Mr Liew Choon Wei as a Director

Mr Liew Choon Wei will, upon re-election as a Director of the Company, remain as an Independent Director, Chairman of 

the Remuneration Committee, and a member of the Audit Committee and Nominating Committee. He will be considered 

independent for the purpose of Rule 704(8) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST (the “Listing Manual”). There are no 

relationships (including family relationships) between Mr Liew and the other Directors, the Company and its substantial 

shareholders. Please refer to the sections on Board of Directors and Corporate Governance in the Annual Report for 

further information on Mr Liew, including information on the current directorships in other listed companies and other 

principal commitments.

Resolution 5: Appointment of Mr Lam Chun Kai @Lam Chung Kai as a Director

Mr Lam Chun Kai @Lam Chung Kai was nominated by Sinochem International (Overseas) Pte. Ltd. pursuant to Regulation 95 

of the Constitution of the Company, for election onto the Board of Directors of the Company at the AGM. Please refer to the 

Company’s announcement made on 8 April 2019 on the SGX-ST for information relating to Mr Lam Chun Kai @Lam Chung 

Kai, as set out in Appendix 7.4.1 to the Listing Manual.

Retirement of Mr Raymond John Ferguson as a Director

Mr Raymond John Ferguson has indicated that he does not wish to seek re-election as a Director of the Company, and he 

will retire from office at the conclusion of the AGM.

Resolution 6: Approval of Directors’ fees of up to S$750,000

Resolution 6, if passed, will facilitate the payment of Directors’ fees during the financial year ending 31 December 2019, in 

which the fees are incurred. Remuneration framework for the non-executive Directors (including the Chairman) remains 

unchanged from the framework for the financial year ended 31 December 2018. Directors’ fees are computed based on 

the anticipated number of Board and Board Committee meetings, assuming full attendance by all of the non-executive 

Directors. The amount also caters for any fee increases and unforeseen circumstances, for example, the appointment of 

additional Directors, additional unscheduled Board meetings and/or the formation of additional Board Committee(s). Please 

refer to the section on Corporate Governance in the Annual Report for further information on the Directors’ fees.

Resolution 8: Authority to the Directors to allot and issue shares

Resolution 8, if passed, will empower the Directors of the Company, effective from the conclusion of the above AGM until 

the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company, or the date by which the next AGM of the Company is required by law to 

be held or such authority is varied or revoked by the Company in a general meeting, whichever is the earlier, to allot and 

issue Shares and convertible securities in the Company (without seeking any further approval from shareholders in general 

meeting) within the limitation imposed by the Resolution 8, for such purposes as the Directors may consider would be in the 

best interests of the Company.

The number of Shares and convertible securities that the Directors may allot and issue under the Resolution 8 would not 

exceed fifty per cent (50%) of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) at the 

time of passing of the Resolution 8. For the issue and allotment of Shares and convertible securities other than on a pro-rata 

basis to all shareholders, the aggregate number of Shares and convertible securities to be issued and allotted shall not exceed 

twenty per cent (20%) of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) at the time of 

passing of the Resolution 8.








\ 184

Notice of Annual General Meeting

For determining the aggregate number of Shares that may be issued, the percentage of issued Shares will be based on the 

total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) at the time the Resolution 8 is passed after 

adjusting for new Shares arising from the conversion or exercise of any convertible securities, the exercise of share options or 

the vesting of share awards outstanding and/or subsisting at the time the Resolution 8 is passed and any subsequent bonus 

issue, consolidation or subdivision of the Company’s Shares.

Resolution 9: Renewal of Share Buyback Mandate 

Resolution 9 is to renew the mandate to allow the Company to purchase or otherwise acquire its issued ordinary shares, on 

the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the Resolution 9. Please refer to the Company’s Letter to Shareholders dated  

8 April 2019, which is available at https://www.halcyonagri.com/investors-media/agm-egm-announcements/, for more details.

Notes

1. 

 A member of the Company who is not a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint not more than two proxies to attend,  

speak and vote at the AGM in his stead.

2. 

 Pursuant to Section 181 of the Act, any member who is a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint one or more proxies 

to attend, speak and vote at the AGM. “Relevant intermediary” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 181 of the Act.

3. 

A proxy need not be a member of the Company. 

4. 

 The instrument appointing a proxy must be deposited at the office of the Company’s Share Registrar, Boardroom Corporate 

&amp; Advisory Services Pte. Ltd. at 50 Raffles Place, #32-01, Singapore Land Tower, Singapore 048623, not less than 72 hours 

before the time appointed for holding the AGM.

General

The Company shall be entitled to reject a Proxy Form which is incomplete, improperly completed, illegible or where the 

true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointor specified on and/or attached 

to the Proxy Form. In addition, in the case of a member whose shares are entered in the Depository Register, the Company 

may reject a Proxy Form if the member, being the appointor, is not shown to have shares entered against his name in the 

Depository Register as at 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM, as certified by The Central Depository 

(Pte) Limited to the Company.

Personal data privacy

By submitting an instrument appointing proxy or proxies, and/or representative(s) to attend, speak and vote at the AGM  

and/or any adjournment thereof, a member of the Company: 

(i) 

 consents to the collection, use and disclosure of the member’s personal data by the Company (or its agents or service 

providers) for the purpose of the processing, administration and analysis by the Company (or its agents or service 

providers) of proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) appointed for the AGM (including any adjournment thereof) and the 

preparation and compilation of the attendance lists, minutes and other documents relating to the AGM (including any 

adjournment thereof), and in order for the Company (or its agents or service providers) to comply with any applicable 

laws, listing rules, regulations and/or guidelines (collectively, the “Purposes”); 

(ii) 

 warrants that where the member discloses the personal data of the member’s proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to 

the Company (or its agents or service providers), the member has obtained the prior consent of such proxy(ies) and/or 

representative(s) for the collection, use and disclosure of such individual’s personal data for the Purposes; and

(iii) 

 agrees that the member will indemnify the Company in respect of any penalties, liabilities, claims, demands, losses and 

damages as a result of the member’s breach of warranty.




Halcyon Agri Corporation Limited

180 Clemenceau Avenue

#05-02 Haw Par Centre

Singapore 239922

www.halcyonagri.com

