










CORPORATE REPORT 2020

Book One: Strategy and Sustainability

INNOVATE

SUSTAIN

SUCCEED








Our vision is to be the leading natural rubber global franchise, leveraging 

our globally integrated platform in advocating for supply chain 

sustainability, and effecting meaningful change in the industry.

The 2020 Corporate Report covers the financial year of 2020 (1st January 

to 31st December), encompasses the strategic, financial and sustainability 

aspects of our Group’s business, including the impact of COVID-19 and 

how we came together in navigating the challenges, as well as detailing 

the developments and initiatives moving into 2021 and beyond.

The Sustainability Report has been prepared in accordance with the 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards: Core option. It contains our 

key Environmental Social Governance (ESG) factors approved by the 

Board, and was prepared in accordance with the Singapore Exchange 

Sustainability Reporting Guide. All data refers to Halcyon Agri Group’s 

operations in Asia, Europe, America and Africa unless stated otherwise. 

There were no significant changes to our organisation and supply chain 

during the reporting period.

Please contact investor@halcyonagri.com for any questions or feedback.

ABOUT 

THE REPORT





Book One: Strategy and Sustainability 

Book Two: Corporate Governance and Financial Report

01

Follow us on social media!

Halcyon Agri



@HalcyonAgri



Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability



03 Chairman’s Welcome Message

04 Halcyon Agri at a Glance

07 Chief Executive Officer’s Review

10 Board of Directors

14 Senior Management

15 2020 Rubber Market Notes

17 CMC Plantations

19 Living with COVID-19

22 Corporate Milestones

23 Financial Highlights

28 Risk Management

30 Sustainability Report

CONTENTS

02

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability


各位股东：

欢迎您阅读合盛公司2020年度报告。我们今年的主题 

是“创新I n n o v a t e”，“可持续S u s t a i n”和“成功 

Succeed”。这一主题展示了我们未来努力的方向。

2020年是很不寻常的一年，全球经济活动和人类的生

活方式受到了新冠疫情的严峻挑战。OECD最新预测

全球GDP在2020年下降了4.2%，G20主要经济体只有

中国的GDP实现正增长。包括天然橡胶在内的大宗商

品价格大幅波动，给天然橡胶种植园、小农户、生产

商包括下游轮胎企业带来了很大挑战。

上半年受轮胎厂需求量大幅下降影响，合盛公司仅实现销

量约53万吨，下半年公司新的管理团队通过强化“客户导

向”，贴近市场，抓住轮胎厂需求恢复的机遇，实现销量约

66万吨，与去年同期持平，初步克服了疫情的不利影响。

合盛公司于11月18日成功发行了2亿美元次级永续

债，夯实了资产负债表，为未来发展打下了坚实的财

务基础。

合盛公司在可持续发展方面也取得了更多成绩，2020年

公司荣获EcoVadis金牌，并在2020年SPOTT评估中被

评为最具透明度的橡胶企业。公司 JFL 种植园获得马

来西亚可持续棕榈园证书(MSPO Certification)。

展望未来，世界经济正面临前所未有的大变局，OECD和

IMF共识都预计全球经济于2021年复苏，估计全球GDP

增速分别为5.6%和6.0%，重回增长轨道。合盛公司处于

传统的天然橡胶行业，唯有不断创新才能实现可持续发

展。我们要继续利用世界一流的资产基础和我们的全球

影响力，秉持“客户导向”、“卓越运营”的理念，不断进行

技术创新、商业模式创新、产品创新、管理创新等，凝心聚

力，艰苦奋斗，实现可持续的盈利，为股东、社会和员工创

造价值。

2020年6月，作为集团继任计划的一部分，李雪涛先生正

式被任命为合盛新的首席执行官，从原任CEO罗伯特迈

耶先生（Robert Meyer）的手中接棒。我相信李雪涛先生

与他的管理团队将继续带动集团继续前进，并创新高峰。

衷心感谢我们的各位员工、业务伙伴、银行、投资者以及

其他利益相关者对合盛公司的支持！

刘红生

董事长

Dear Shareholders,

Welcome to the 2020 Annual Report of Halcyon Agri. Our theme this year is 

“Innovate, Sustain, Succeed”, which illustrates the future direction of the Group.

2020 has been an unusual year, as global economic activity and every aspect of 

ordinary life were severely challenged by the COVID-19 pandemic. The OECD 

forecasted a global GDP contraction of 4.2% in 2020, with China being the 

only country among G20 to record a year-on-year growth. Commodity prices, 

including natural rubber, have been highly volatile and presenting significant 

challenges to all stakeholders in the natural rubber value chain: Plantations, 

smallholder farmers, manufacturers and tyremakers.

In the first half of the 2020, our operations were affected by the sharp decline 

in demand from global tyre majors, with only c.530,000 mT of natural rubber 

delivered amid the global economic turmoil. Heading into the second half, 

our management team embraced the principles of “customer excellence”, 

by keeping the finger on the pulse of the market, and seizing opportunity 

amidst demand recovery. As a result, a higher sales volume of c.660,000 mT 

was achieved in second half of 2020, which was around the same level as the 

corresponding period in 2019, a promising sign of navigating the challenges of 

the pandemic.

Halcyon Agri had successfully issued US$200 million guaranteed perpetual 

securities on 18 November 2020, strengthens the Group’s balance sheet and 

lays a solid financial foundation for its future aspirations.

On the sustainability front, we have made significant strides as well. For our 

sustainability efforts, we were awarded the EcoVadis Gold Medal, and ranked 

as the most transparent rubber company in 2020 SPOTT assessment. Our 

plantation in Malaysia, owned by JFL Holdings Sdn. Bhd., have obtained the 

Malaysian Sustainable Palm Oil (MSPO) certification.

Looking ahead, the global economy is facing a phase of unprecedented 

transformation. OECD and IMF have both pointed towards a recovery in 2021, 

estimated global GDP growth of 5.6% and 6.0% respectively. Halcyon Agri 

instills innovation to the traditional rubber industry and charts a path towards 

sustainable growth. We will continue to leverage our best-in-class assets and 

our unrivalled global coverage, to embrace modern technology and uphold the 

concept of “customer excellence” and “operational excellence”. With persistent 

innovation in our products, process and business model, we aspire to drive a 

lasting change in the industry, achieve sustainable profitability and create value 

for our shareholders, employees, stakeholders and community as a whole.

During the year, David Li Xuetao has been appointed as the new CEO in place of 

Robert Meyer, who retired in June 2020 as part of the management transition 

plan. I believe David Li and the management team will steer the Group forward, 

and scale new heights. 

In closing, I would like to express my deepest gratitude to our employees, 

business partners, bankers, investors and all other stakeholders for their 

unwavering support to Halcyon Agri. Thank you.

Liu Hongsheng

Chairman

CHAIRMAN’S 

WELCOME MESSAGE 



03

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

15,000+

DEDICATED AND 

RESPECTED EMPLOYEES

LOCATIONS

Market share of natural 

rubber supplied to 

global tyre production

Headquartered in Singapore, 

we are fully integrated with 

significant presence along 

every phase of the supply chain, 

including plantations, factories, 

warehouses, tank terminals, 

laboratories, and a worldwide 

distribution network

Global natural rubber and  

latex market share

SALES VOLUME

100+ 

1.2 million mT

PRODUCTION 

CAPACITY

1.6 million mT

PLANTED AREAS

39,000 ha

Sales volume  

contribution by segment

11%

HRC:

71%

9%

CMC:

29%

HALCYON AGRI

AT A GLANCE 



04

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability


Our Global Franchise

Halcyon Agri Corporation Limited (SGX: 5VJ.SI) is a leading integrated 

natural rubber supply chain franchise. Headquartered in Singapore with 

over 15,000 employees in more than 100 locations, the Group leverages 

its extensive network of factories, warehouses, terminals, laboratories 

and sales offices around the world to distribute a wide range of natural 

rubber products to our customers.

Through multiple acquisitions and vigorous integration process, Halcyon 

Agri has created two best-in-class operations, while introducing and 

upholding the strictest sustainability principles:

• 

Halcyon Rubber Company (HRC Group): Pre-eminent supplier of 

natural rubber to the global tyre fraternity, HRC Group owns and 

operates 36 factories with wide-ranging approvals from the tyre 

majors. The factories are located across the key rubber origins, 

including Indonesia, Malaysia, China, Thailand and Ivory Coast, 

and they have attained international standards of environmental 

performance under ISO 14001 and/or compliant with HeveaPro, 

an industry-leading manufacturing standard for sustainable natural 

rubber.

• 

Corrie MacColl (CMC Group): A leading provider of specialist 

polymers for industrial and non-tyre applications, CMC Group 

operates a wide storefront covering in-house plantation rubber 

and concentrated latex, as well as third-party sourced natural and 

synthetic rubber, in both dry and liquid forms. CMC comprises of 

two units: CMC Plantations (CMCP), which is the owner of one of 

the largest commercially owned and operated plantations globally, 

as well as CMC International (CMCI), a commercial and distribution 

platform with global third-party procurement capability, which 

supports the customers’ requirements via providing a full suite of 

logistic and technical services.

On top of the above two major business segments, Halcyon Agri also 

invests in the digital transformation of the natural rubber supply chain, 

the most prominent initiative being HeveaConnect. HeveaConnect is 

a digital marketplace for sustainably produced natural rubber, and is at 

the forefront of the digitalisation of the natural rubber industry. Digital 

transformation allows for data transparency, which will strengthen the 

integrity of product sustainability, and enhances trust along supply 

chain.













China

Germany 

Malaysia

Netherlands 

Thailand

Turkey

United Kingdom

USA

Vietnam

Production capacity 

90,000 mT

Cameroon

2 factories

Cameroon 

2 plantations

Concession area

100,000 ha

Planted area 

31,000 ha

Malaysia 

1 plantation

Concession area

10,000 ha

Planted area 

7,000 ha

Plantations

Processing

Halcyon Rubber 

Company

Corrie  

MacColl

Ivory Coast 

1 plantation

Concession area

1,600 ha

Planted area 

1,300 ha

Production capacity 

1,537,000 mT

Indonesia

19 factories

Malaysia

2 factories

China

8 factories

Thailand

5 factories

Ivory Coast

2 factories

China 

Singapore



Distribution



















HALCYON AGRI

AT A GLANCE 



05

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

HeveaConnect

A game-changer in the natural rubber price discovery process, 

HeveaConnect facilitates the trade between customers and 

producers for sustainably sourced and responsibly produced 

natural rubber. Its data-enriched platform provides traceability and 

sustainability data tailored to the requirements of the customers, 

which facilitates realisation of sales premium on sustainable 

rubber. In return for the services, HeveaConnect earns a volume 

and tenor based commission.

In FY2020, COVID-19 pandemic has supercharged digital adoption. 

This directly benefited HeveaConnect, which saw 169,000 mT 

being matched on the platform, with gross sales value of US$185 

million.

HeveaConnect secured a US$1.5 million investment from 

Singapore Exchange (SGX) on 3 March 2021. Cognisant that the 

industry participation is crucial for such a platform, Halcyon 

Agri has relinquished its controlling stake in HeveaConnect by 

transferring a portion of its shares into HeveaConnect Equity Trust.

The shares in the Trust are administered by an independent trustee, 

for distribution to eligible organisations involved in promoting 

the sustainability agenda in the natural rubber industry. With an 

increased involvement from different interest groups, we believe 

that HeveaConnect’s role as an independent marketplace will 

be elevated and will gain more traction with the natural rubber 

producers and customers.



Our Business Model 

HRC Group

HRC Group houses our supply chain for tyre applications and operates 

36 factories in five key rubber origins. The factories purchase raw 

materials from smallholder farmers, which is then processed to 

HeveaPro standard, and marketed to the global tyre industry. Being in a 

mid-stream business, the key profitability driver for the factories is the 

processing margins, which is the selling price of the finished product, 

deducted against the procurement costs from smallholder farmers, and 

associated conversion costs and overheads.

In FY2020, HRC Group delivered 881,467 mT of natural rubber to the 

tyre industry, and produced EBITDA of US$37.2 million after excluding 

management fees.

HRC Group also owns a rubber plantation in Ivory Coast with 1,300 ha 

planted, which supplies raw material into our factory.

CMC Group

CMC provides integrated supply chain services to the global non-tyre 

and specialty tyre market segments with both third-party sourced 

rubber and its own in-house, fully traceable rubber and latex products. 

This division comprises of two units, each with different characteristics 

and profit drivers. 

CMC Plantations (CMCP)

With over 31,000 ha planted in Cameroon and 7,000 ha planted in 

Malaysia, CMCP's average tree profile remains largely immature, 

currently standing at 12.2 years. The plantation business is a long-

term investment as each planted rubber tree takes an average of five 

to seven years before yielding the first drop of latex, and will go on to 

be productive for the next 30 years. As the plantation overheads are 

mostly fixed in nature, the time passage will lead to the ramping up of 

plantation yields and improving the absorption of fixed costs. 

Moving forward, as the immature areas come on stream and the yields 

of the younger trees strengthen, the plantation output is expected to 

at least double in the next five years, and reach 55,000 mT of output 

by 2030. As the unit costs are reduced with a larger volume base, 

unit profits will increase. There is further upside profit potential when 

factoring in the cyclical recovery in rubber prices.

In FY2020, CMCP produced 15,015 mT of natural rubber, which 

translates into an average yield per matured hectare of 1.0 mT. 

Compared to 19,597 mT in 2019, the decrease is attributed to the 

suspension of tapping activities due to the lockdown restriction amid 

COVID-19 pandemic to minimise in-country movement amid pandemic. 

Currently c.40% of its produce is in the form of concentrated latex. 

Its oil palm plantation in Kelantan, Malaysia is currently being 

harvested for fresh fruit bunches, at an annual yield of 

8.3 mT per ha. A negative EBITDA of US$20.8 million 

was recorded in FY2020, mainly due to the 

maintenance expenditures associated with 

the plantations has yet to be sufficiently 

covered by the margins generated from 

plantation output.

CMC International (CMCI)

Being a fulfilment platform, CMCI is the distribution arm for our 

plantation outputs, which allows us to capture the whole supply chain 

margin from the tree all the way to the customers’ door. It is also 

a stockist and merchandiser that buys and sells third-party rubber 

products with a margin. The distribution margins are used to support 

the development and maintenance costs of our plantations.

CMCI fulfilled 349,820 mT (which include marketing of CMCP’s outputs) 

during FY2020, and recorded an EBITDA of US$0.9 million.

HALCYON AGRI AT A GLANCE

06

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability


Dear Shareholders,

2020 is an unprecedented year, and for Halcyon Agri and the natural 

rubber industry, it is best described as “A Tale of Two Halves”, which 

represents contrasting characteristics of economic conditions before 

and after the mid-year point. Since taking over the helm of Halcyon Agri 

on 26 June 2020, the management team and I have worked tirelessly 

in navigating various challenges arising from COVID-19 pandemic, 

whilst we continue to keep an eye on the opportunities that we could 

capture going forward. My observations and thoughts of the business 

environment and economic conditions in 2020 are as follows:

First half (January – June 2020)

Year 2020 started off on an encouraging note, as the rubber price 

recovery momentum since the end of 2019 continued into January up 

until the Lunar New Year. SICOM TSR20 hit a high of US$1,524 per mT 

on 16 January 2020. However, the rapid outbreak of a never-before-

seen strain of the coronavirus around the world forced the World Health 

Organisation to declare it as a pandemic in March 2020 and essentially 

put the world on a standstill at that point in time.

Global markets tanked, and the rubber price gains at the beginning of 

2020 have been wiped out due to a panic selloff post-Lunar New Year 

amid COVID-19 outbreak. SICOM TSR20 prices collapsed to below 

US$1,100 per mT at the end of June, a level not seen in the past five 

years. The collapse in rubber prices in the first half, alongside a global 

economy catastrophe, caused a severe margin compression for the 

industry, and the prices was well below the breakeven costs of our 

plantations.

With lockdown restrictions in place, demand weakened, supply chains 

were disrupted and as a result, the anticipated recovery in the rubber 

market in 2020 did not materialise. Halcyon Agri is not immune, with 

the downstream factories being furloughed and offtakes reduced 

drastically. Our global processing capacities were underutilised, causing 

the margins generated not being able to cover our fixed operating costs. 

However, our Asia-based latex business thrived amidst the pandemic-

induced demand surge for medical gloves, though it has yet to reach 

the meaningful scale to set off the losses from tyre demand setback.

Owing to the double-whammy effects of low price and low volume, the 

Group recorded a loss before tax of US$41.1 million during H1 2020, 

after adjusted for non-recurring expenses.

Second half (July – December 2020)

As lockdowns remained in place throughout Q2 2020, worldwide 

governments are faced with a dilemma – on how to achieve a balance 

between protecting the economy and protecting the population. 

Realising that movement restrictions cannot be indefinite, and that 

threats from a weakening economy are looming, the governments 

progressively lifted the lockdown regulations in the beginning of the 

second half. Whilst air travel remains muted when the borders remained 

closed, downstream industrial activities have resumed.

Tyre factories resumed taking delivery of cargoes after months of limited 

activity. We have also observed a higher capacity utilisation across 

our factories, which was driven by a gradual improvement in demand. 

Margins have re-emerged alongside the strengthening of rubber prices 

– SICOM TSR20 levels as at end of July, August and September trading 

months were at US$1,231, US$1,367 and US$1,357 per mT, respectively.

At the beginning of Q4 2020, we started to see a stronger, and pent-up 

demand. Business confidence levels improved and our customers were 

filling up their inventories at a quicker pace and some started to build up 

buffer stocks, partly due to the concerns over supply chain disruption 

and global logistics conditions, with reports about container shortage 

started to make its way around the market. Such situations underpinned 

the increase in rubber prices, which hit a three-year peak of US$1,764 

per mT on 28 October 2020. The stronger demand and higher offtakes 

have allowed us to ramp up the utilisation of factory capacities.

Since hitting the peak, rubber prices have experienced a correction, 

amid lingering macroeconomic concerns: US Presidential Elections, 

certainty of economic stimulus, effectiveness and efficacy of vaccines 

amongst others. SICOM TSR20 ended a very eventful 2020 at US$1,503 

per mT, marginally higher than the starting point of the year.

The Group seized the market opportunities amidst a market recovery 

and recorded an improved operating performance in H2 2020. Delivered 

volume was at 656,115 mT, 23.7% higher than H1 2020, and almost 

reached H2 2019 levels. Adjusted for non-recurring costs, our H2 2020 

loss before tax narrowed to US$0.8 million, close to breakeven, and 

represents a significant improvement from H1 2020.

Key priorities and strategies

Every challenge is an opportunity, and Halcyon Agri have tackled this 

challenge head-on. During 2020, we have taken the following measures 

to drive profit and preserve capital:

• 

Review of plantation capex: Whilst we have ceased new planting 

in line with our zero-deforestation commitment, further calibrations 

were made to our capital expenditure plans (especially those of our 

replanting programme), with an aim to strike a balance between 

preserving cash flows and ensuring our immature trees continued 

to be nurtured. These immature plantations are critical in driving 

the Group’s profitability when the natural rubber price recovers. 

As of 31 December 2020, the Group has c.15,000 ha of immature 

plantations coming on-stream in the next four years. Based on the 

expected yield patterns, this translates into an additional output of 

c.30,000 mT per annum. If rubber prices continue to recover, this 

should further enhance our earnings in future years.

• 

Business rationalisation: Streamlining of group-wide operations 

and cost structure, preserving the Group’s competitiveness upon 

market recovery.

• 

Business and commercial optimisation: Taking advantage of the 

demand improvement to ramp up factory utilisation. Implemented 

more disciplined commercial management, balancing between 

capturing of margins and achieving operating efficiency. Capitalise 

on the demand vacuum as smaller rubber players have exited 

the rubber industry amid financial difficulties due to COVID-19 

pandemic.

• 

Customer-focused approach: Closer engagement and 

strengthening commercial relationship with our key customers, 

understanding their production requirements and providing 

value-added services. The supply chain disruption induced by the 

pandemic has created an opportunity for us to collaborate more 

closely with our customers to embrace our role as a fully-integrated 

supply chain manager.

• 

Rightsizing the capital structure: We have issued US$200 million 

of guaranteed perpetual securities on 18 November 2020. We have 

also recently secured a syndicated loan facility of up to US$300 

million to refinance the existing term loan coming due in December 

2021. We continue to work with our banking partners to review 

the overall financing arrangement to ensure proper alignment 

to our business objectives and strategies. Concurrently, we are 

also reviewing our assets portfolio to identify non-core assets for 

potential divestments, with proceeds to be redeployed to optimise 

returns on capital.

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S 

REVIEW 



07

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

Sustainability remains a core business tenet

The Group relentlessly upholds high sustainability standards in spite 

of the operating challenges in 2020. We have been actively involved in 

initiatives that advocate for sustainable natural rubber and equitable 

supply chain, most prominently being the Global Platform for 

Sustainable Natural Rubber – we are proud to be one of the 11 member 

organisations to pilot-test their Baseline Reporting Requirements.

Our sustainability practices have been recognised by respected industry 

organisations:

• 

Awarded an EcoVadis Gold Medal, with a score of 68/100 – a full 

13-point improvement from the 2019 Silver Medal.

• 

Rated as #1 most transparent rubber company in SPOTT 

assessment by Zoological Society of London, with a score of 77.7% 

– from 69.9% in 2019 which earned us the second place.

• 

JFL attained Malaysian Sustainable Palm Oil (MSPO) certification.

• 

Corrie MacColl Group secured a green loan from Deutsche Bank, 

first of its kind for the rubber industry.

• 

HeveaConnect secured a US$1.5 million investment from Singapore 

Exchange, paving the way for the next phase of HeveaConnect’s 

growth as industry-preferred platform.

What lies ahead for natural rubber?

Since the turn of 2021, the rubber prices have continued to strengthen, 

closing off the February delivery month at US$2,000 per mT – a level 

unseen since early 2017! The signs are telling: markets are excited 

for the prospects of natural rubber. It should be noted that the 

improvement in the natural rubber prices is not simply buoyed by the 

rise in other commodities prices, but rather backed by an expectation 

of improved consumption of natural rubber from 2021 onwards, as 

reported by the key economic and rubber organisations:

• 

IMF has projected a global GDP growth of 6.0% for 2021.

• 

OECD has also forecasted that global GDP will expand by 5.6% in 

2021, which may be further strengthened by the effectiveness in 

global rollout and the efficacy of COVID-19 vaccine.

• 

International Rubber Study Group (IRSG) has projected a 7.0% year-

on-year growth in the global natural rubber consumption in 2021.

Amid an improved market sentiment, we are maintaining a sense of 

cautious optimism on the prices and prospects of the industry, as we 

expect that the global economic recovery to be gradual and uneven 

amongst the nations.

The demand of natural rubber is expected to remain robust in the near 

future:

• 

Tyres will remain a crucial element in global supply chain 

connectivity, as it mobilises the delivery vehicles around the world, 

which has seen its utilisation boosted by the booming e-commerce 

industry that thrived during the pandemic.

• 

The demand for gloves and personal protective equipment is not 

expected to wane, despite the mass vaccination programme, due 

to the awareness and emphasis on hygiene both on personal and 

medical perspectives.

On the other hand, the supply is dwindling. Minimal new plantings 

in the past few years, under-maintenance of rubber trees due to 

unremunerative prices, have left the trees to be vulnerable to diseases 

which permanently affects its yield. Subsistence farmers have 

abandoned their rubber trees in search for better income through 

employment, or have their trees felled, to be replanted with more 

profitable cash crops: durian, oil palm just to name a few.

These supply issues are structural: Trees can’t grow faster, and nor does 

the sick or dead trees can be revived or rejuvenated.

Inferring from the above observations, the future growth in natural 

rubber demand is likely to outpace the growth in its supply, barring 

unforeseen circumstances. As a leading rubber franchise, Halcyon 

Agri’s integrated global network gives us control over the entire 

value chain of how rubber is grown, sourced, produced, and 

distributed. Hence, we are well-positioned to capitalise on these 

post-pandemic opportunities.

The COVID-19 pandemic has exemplified the importance of natural 

rubber. Hevea brasiliensis is the common ingredient that is fundamental 

to mobility (tyres) and healthcare (gloves and medical equipment), being 

two of the most prevalent themes at the moment. It goes without 

saying that our products keep the world moving, and keep people 

safe.

Innovate to sustain

The digital transformation has revolutionised the global economy. 

The prominence of sharing economy model gave birth to Mobility-

as-a-Service (MaaS) and the ridesharing business; and the movement 

towards smart cities and smart living has accelerated the development 

of self-driving technology and autonomous vehicles. The growing 

consciousness about carbon footprint from the end consumers has also 

increased the demand of electric and hybrid vehicles over the traditional 

internal combustion engine (ICE) vehicles.

All the considerations above share a common theme: These vehicles all 

run on wheels and tyres, which are made out of natural rubber. When 

all is said and done, the consumption of natural rubber is inevitable 

in supporting the digital transformation, and hence the downside is 

limited.

With the growing awareness for corporations to be responsible, 

sustainable and “green”, complying to production standards and 

achieving cost effectiveness are no longer the core purpose for 

businesses. The consumers demand, and are eager, to know what 

goes into their products and whether they are responsibly sourced and 

sustainably produced. This in turn drives the shift in demand towards 

sustainable products that are traceable digitally, environmentally 

friendly and procured under a transparent pricing framework.

Halcyon Agri recognises the importance of innovation and digitalising 

the rubber trade to keep pace with the changes in sustainability 

requirements, and has invested into innovative solutions and products. 

Some of the highlights are as follows:

• 

HeveaConnect: A digital marketplace for sustainable natural rubber, 

which allows bilateral negotiations and trades between producers 

and consumers for technically specified rubber with bespoke 

requirements. With the support from Halcyon Agri, DBS Bank Ltd, 

ITOCHU Corporation and most recently, Singapore Exchange, 

HeveaConnect is locked and loaded to launch into its next phase of 

growth to gain more industry traction.

• 

HeveaPro: Now owned by HeveaConnect, HeveaPro is a suite of 

supply chain standards that was developed in-house, which sets 

the bar for high quality sustainable products. Widely accepted by 

our customers, it is encouraging that the same standards will now 

be adopted as the industry standard for sustainable rubber under 

HeveaConnect.

• 

Development of Vytex

® deproteinised latex: Our group-wide 

innovation capabilities have enabled us to engage in innovative 

commercial partnerships. Corrie MacColl is collaborating with 

Vystar Corporation to transform our Cameroon plantation output 

into ultra-pure latex with stronger molecular bond that offers 

enhanced strength, durability and flexibility in the end products. 

This is achieved by removing non-rubber components and 99.85% 

of the proteins.

08

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S REVIEW


• 

Realising value of our end-of-life trees: Our Cameroonian 

plantations have approximately 2 million trees due to be replanted 

in the next 4 – 5 years. In the past, due to the logistical challenges 

to treat and convert the trees into a supplementary product like 

rubberwood, the harvested trees were left as biomass or sold as 

scrap. Thanks to the infrastructure development in Cameroon in 

the past years, it is now commercially viable to extract the value of 

the harvested timbers into rubberwood for furniture industry, as 

well as industrial wood pellets which are highly in demand now for 

industrial and private heating.

• 

Strengthening innovation capabilities through industrial 

alliance: Through investment in preferred stocks of Continental 

American Corporation (CAC), which owns Pioneer Balloon, the 

Group is supporting CAC’s new venture into the production of latex 

gloves, as part of our initiatives to incubate innovative business 

ideas through alliance with business partners.

Our priorities

Our mission is to be a leading sustainable supply chain manager, 

delivering high quality products and providing exceptional services, and 

in doing so, achieve sustainable profits and create value to shareholders, 

employees and communities.

In achieving our mission, we have set out clear priorities, based on four 

core pillars below, to strengthen our industry leadership position, and to 

deliver profits in years to come:

• 

Operational excellence: Improving operating efficiency across the 

board, meaningfully and profitably increase our factory utilisation, 

building on the seamless connectivity of our global platforms to 

capture the improving demand of the customers, and constantly 

seeking for, incubate and develop innovative solutions and 

products.

• 

Customer excellence: Deepening customer relationship, and 

strengthening our positions as their preferred supplier. Seek to 

build alliance with customers to mutually strengthen innovative 

capabilities.

• 

Corporate excellence: Embracing sustainability as one of our key 

business tenets, and seek to set an industry example of a sustainable 

business organisation.

• 

Financial excellence: Enhancing group-wide liquidity and 

deleverage our balance sheet, thus facilitating the ability to achieve 

all of the goals above, ultimately leading towards group-wide 

profitability.

Closing thoughts

The outbreak of COVID-19 has definitely dealt a devastating blow to the 

business, but we have taken the right steps and are moving in the right 

direction, as evidenced by the improved results in the second half. Our 

ability to navigate through the catastrophic economic downturn in 2020 

strengthened our belief that Halcyon Agri is poised to come out of this 

perfect storm stronger than ever. We’ll stay the course – it is a matter of 

time before it yields the right results.

In closing, I would like to thank all members of the Halcyon Agri family 

who demonstrated unity in the face of adversity, and powered through 

the journey with much enthusiasm and perseverance. I also would like 

to extend my deepest appreciation towards our Board of Directors, our 

bankers, our commercial partners, and all other stakeholders for their 

unwavering support. For all the challenges in 2020, we have come much 

further than you might realise, and I’m quite excited for what’s in store 

for 2021.

I would also like to reiterate that Halcyon Agri supports the United 

Nations Sustainable Development Goals in creating a lasting positive 

impact on society. As a signatory of United Nations’ Global Compact 

(UNGC), we remain committed to upholding UNGC’s universal principles 

on human rights, labour, environment and anti-corruption for all our 

stakeholders.

David Li Xuetao

Executive Director and Group CEO





CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S 

REVIEW 



09

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

Mr Alan Nisbet is a highly experienced accountant and serves as Lead 

Independent Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee. He joined 

the Board in 2013 and is also sits on the Remuneration, Nominating, 

as well as the Strategy and Investment Committees. His other current 

roles include:

• 

Independent Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee 

of Ascendas Property Trustee Pte Ltd (the trustee-manager of 

Ascendas India Trust)

• 

Independent Director, Chairman of the Remuneration Committee 

and member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee at 

KrisEnergy Limited

• 

Independent Director of Keppel REIT Management Limited (the 

manager of Keppel REIT)

• 

Independent Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee at 

Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited

Mr Nisbet was a member of the Institute of Singapore Chartered 

Accountants until his retirement. He graduated with a Diploma 

of Business Studies (Accounting) from the Caulfield Institute of 

Technology, Melbourne, Australia.



Alan Nisbet

Lead Independent Director



Mr Liew Choon Wei is an Independent Director and Chairman of the 

Remuneration Committee. He was appointed to the Board in 2014 and 

also sits on the Audit and Nominating Committees. He joined Ernst &amp; 

Young LLP in Singapore in 1979 and was Audit Partner for its largest 

real estate, commodities, banking, media, hospitality and retail clients 

before retiring in 2013.

His current roles include:

• 

Independent Director at Frasers Hospitality Asset Management 

Pte Ltd (manager of Frasers Hospitality Real Estate Investment 

Trust) and Frasers Hospitality Trust Management Pte Ltd (trustee-

manager of Frasers Hospitality Business Trust), member of the 

Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nominating 

Committee

• 

Independent Director, Chairman of the Remuneration Committee 

and member of the Audit Committee and Nominating Committee 

of F J Benjamin Holdings Ltd

• 

Independent Director at The Hour Glass Limited and Chairman of 

its Audit Committee

• 

Fellow Chartered Accountant of the Institute of Singapore 

Chartered Accountants

Liew Choon Wei

Independent Director





BOARD OF 

DIRECTORS 



10

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability


Mr Simon Lam Chun Kai is an Independent Director appointed to 

the Board in 2019 and serves as the Chairman of the Nominating 

Committee. He also sits on the Audit Committee as well as the Strategy 

and Investment Committee. He brings many years of corporate 

experience, particularly in the petroleum and petrochemicals 

industries, and has served as:

• 

Chairman of Shell Companies in Singapore

• 

Chief Executive Officer at CNOOC and Shell Petrochemicals 

Company Limited

• 

Venture Director of Shell Eastern Petrochemical Complex

• 

Chief Executive Officer at Jurong Aromatics Corp, Singapore

He has previously sat on the boards of a number of government and 

industry bodies, including:

• 

Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore

• 

Science Centre Singapore

• 

International Chamber of Commerce

• 

Energy Market Authority of Singapore

• 

Hertel Group, Netherland

• 

Royal Vopak, Netherland

• 

Sinochem International Corporation Ltd

Mr Lam received his tertiary education at Adelaide University, South 

Australia, and is a Chartered Member of IChemE, United Kingdom.

Simon Lam Chun Kai

Independent Director





Mr Eddie Chan Yean Hoe is an Independent Director appointed 

to the Board in 2020 and sits on the Audit Committee. He was an 

Executive Director and a Partner of Ernst &amp; Young Malaysia with 

extensive experience in auditing, corporate restructuring, taxation 

and accounting, particularly in the petroleum and petrochemicals 

industries, rubber and oil palm plantation. 

He held several senior finance roles in oil and gas companies until his 

retirement, and has served as:

• 

Director of Daiman Development Berhad

• 

Director of Finance Department at CNOOC and Shell Petrochemicals 

Company Limited

Mr Eddie Chan is a Certified Public Accountant. He is a member of the 

Malaysian Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a chartered 

member of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants.

Eddie Chan Yean Hoe

Independent Director





BOARD OF 

DIRECTORS 



11

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

Mr Qin Jinke joined the Board in 2018 and is a Non-Executive Director. 

He has been with Sinochem International Corporation for 20 years 

and is now its Chief Financial Officer. He joined Sinochem in 2001 

and has held senior positions in its auditing, finance and accounting 

departments, including:

• 

Deputy Chief Financial Officer

• 

General Manager of the Finance Department

• 

Vice General Manager of the Finance Department

• 

General Manager of the Accounting and Tax Office

• 

Chief Financial Officer at Metallurgy and Energy Division Assistant 

General Manager of the Auditing Department

Mr Qin holds a bachelor’s degree in Accounting from Central University 

of Finance and Economics, and an executive master’s degree from 

China Europe International Business School.



Qin Jinke

Non-Executive Director



Mr Liu Hongsheng brings decades of experience in business and human 

resources to his roles as Halcyon Agri’s Non-Executive Chairman and 

Chairman of the Strategy and Investment Committee. He joined the 

Board in 2017. He is currently Director and Chief Executive Officer of 

Sinochem International Corporation (SIC). His previous posts include:

• 

Vice President at SIC

• 

Senior Vice President at SIC Chemicals Segment

• 

General Manager at SIC Logistics Business Division

• 

Deputy Head of Human Resources at China’s Ministry of Foreign 

Trade and Economic Cooperation

• 

First Secretary of the Economic and Commercial Counsellor’s 

Office at the Chinese Embassy in Thailand

Mr Liu holds a bachelor’s degree in Philosophy from Peking University 

and an executive master’s degree in Business Administration from 

Shanghai Maritime University.



Liu Hongsheng

Non-Executive Chairman



12

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

BOARD OF DIRECTORS


Mr Wang Wei is a seasoned investor and investment analyst who 

was appointed to the Board in 2017 as a Non-Executive Director. He 

serves as Managing Director of the China-Africa Development Fund’s 

(CADFund) Infrastructure and Energy Investment Department. He is 

presently a Director at Nanjing Ocean (CM) Co. Ltd and Ansogli Power 

(Ghana) Ltd. 

His previous roles include:

• 

Consultant with APCO Worldwide LLC (Beijing)

• 

Consultant with KPMG Huazhen LLP

Mr Wang holds a master’s degree in International Relations, and a 

Bachelor of Arts in International Economics and Trade, from the China 

Foreign Affairs University. He is also an alumnus of Johns Hopkins 

University-Nanjing University, Center for Chinese and American 

Studies.



Wang Wei

Non-Executive Director



Mr Li Xuetao is Halcyon Agri’s Chief Executive Officer and joined the 

Board as Executive Director in June 2020. As Chief Executive Officer, 

Mr Li is in charge of formulating and executing the business strategy 

of the Group, and of overseeing its day-to-day management. He has 

more than 20 years’ experience in tyre, synthetic rubber and natural 

rubber business, and has held various senior positions in Sinochem 

International Corporation (SIC) and Sinochem Group (SG), including:

• 

Director of Strategic Synergy Department of Chemical SBU of SG

• 

Deputy Director of Strategy Development Department of 

Chemical SBU of SG and SIC

• 

Vice President of SIC and CEO of Trading and Distribution 

Business Division

• 

Vice President of SIC and CEO of Rubber Business Division

Mr Li holds a Bachelor of Economics from University of International 

Business and Economics, Beijing and a Master of Change Management 

from Bl Norwegian School of Management – Fudan University.



Li Xuetao

Executive Director, Chief Executive Officer



BOARD OF 

DIRECTORS 



13

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

Mr Jeremy Loh is the Chief Financial Officer 

at Halcyon Agri and is responsible for the 

Group’s financial affairs, including corporate 

finance, treasury and capital management.

He joined Halcyon Agri in 2016 as the Deputy 

Chief Financial Officer and brings with 

him almost 20 years of financial reporting, 

control and risk expertise to the Group. 

His work experiences include senior roles 

at international banks and auditing firms in 

Singapore, Thailand and Malaysia.

Mr Loh holds a bachelor’s degree in 

Accounting 

from 

Monash 

University 

Australia.

Mr Andrew Trevatt is a co-founder of 

Halcyon Agri and has overseen the daily 

commercial affairs of the Group since 2010. 

He has more than 30 years of experience in 

the natural rubber industry, having worked 

in various rubber and commodity related 

companies in the United Kingdom, The 

Netherlands, the United States of America 

and Singapore.

Mr Trevatt has now taken on the role of Chief 

Commercial Officer for the CMC Group 

and is responsible for implementing and 

managing its overall commercial and sales 

strategies.

Mr Ng joined Halcyon Agri in 2013 as Chief 

Financial Officer. In addition to his CFO’s 

role, Mr Ng also oversaw the Group’s 

operations in China and Indonesia between 

2017 and 2018. He was appointed Group 

Chief Operating Officer in mid-2018 where 

he was responsible for the overall Group’s 

operations.

In late 2019, Mr Ng assumed the role of 

Managing Director for HRC Group and is 

responsible for the merchandising and risk 

management functions of the business unit, 

as well as oversight of the factory operations 

under the HRC Group.

Mr Ng graduated from the Multimedia 

University in Malaysia in 2002 with a bachelor’s 

degree (Honours) in Accounting. He is also 

a member of the Association of Chartered 

Certified Accountants and the Institute of 

Singapore Chartered Accountants.

Andrew Trevatt

Chief Commercial Officer 

Corrie MacColl (CMC Group)

Ng Eng Kiat

Managing Director 

Halcyon Rubber Company (HRC Group)







Jeremy Loh

Chief Financial Officer







SENIOR

MANAGEMENT 



14

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability




After another year of decelerating growth in 2019 – a year which the 

global economy grew at its slowest since the Global Financial Crisis, 

the natural rubber industry outlook shown some positive signs at the 

beginning of 2020. Phase One trade deal between the US and China 

was finalised in December 2019, putting a halt to a potential further 

escalation of trade strife, and the market was fuelled with excitement for 

a long-awaited pause in the trade war that has weighed on the global 

economy for nearly two years.

The natural rubber prices have indeed seen a recovery from December 

2019 up until the end of January 2020, before the outbreak of 

COVID-19 spooked the market, which led to a sell-off post Lunar 

New Year. The market conditions further deteriorated when the 

World Health Organisation declared the novel coronavirus outbreak a 

global pandemic in March 2020, which triggered aggressive lockdown 

restrictions around the world.

Over the same period, global industrial activities came to a grinding halt, 

and the downstream tyre factories were furloughed due to lockdown 

measures and weakened demand. Rubber prices fell to a trough of 

US$1,038 on 1 April 2020, before slowly retracing to US$1,100 levels.

As 2020 passed its middle point, amidst the rising number of new cases, 

there was a dawning realisation for the governments that the lockdowns 

cannot be indefinite, due to the looming concerns over economic 

stagnation. Led by China – first into the virus and first out of it due to 

stringent defensive measures, many countries had progressively lifted 

their lockdown measures, to allow the industrial activities to gradually 

resume their operations.

As the wheels of industry started turning again, the downstream 

activities began to pick up, leading to a release of pent-up demand for 

rubber. Consecutive quarters of expansion in both GDP and PMI globally 

sparked the rally in the rubber prices, which peaked at US$1,764 on  

28 October 2020. It has since retreated to close 2020 at US$1,503 amid 

macroeconomic uncertainty, amongst others, the resurgence of the 

virus with new strains being reported and uncertainty over the outcome 

of the US Presidential Elections.

Demand factors

Industry 4.0 sparked the digital transformation, and has revolutionised 

the global economy. The emergence of sharing economy model gave 

birth to Mobility-as-a-Service (MaaS) and the ridesharing business, 

which improves the vehicle utilisation across the board; and the 

movement towards smart cities and smart living has accelerated the 

development of self-driving technology and autonomous vehicles. The 

growing consciousness about carbon footprint from the end consumers 

has also accelerated the replacement of electric and hybrid vehicles 

over the traditional internal combustion engine (ICE) vehicles.

COVID-19 pandemic has also supercharged the shift towards 

e-commerce and the low-touch economy, which brought an 

unprecedented level of emphasis towards supply chain connectivity. 

While the passenger cars’ driven miles reduce as people travelled less 

and adopted telecommuting arrangements, the booming e-commerce 

industry have boosted the utilisation of delivery vehicles around the 

world, connecting the supply chain from the first mile to the last mile.

All the considerations above share a common theme: They all run on 

wheels and tyres, which are made out of natural rubber. At the root of it, 

the consumption of natural rubber is inevitable in supporting the digital 

transformation and powering the supply chain connectivity. Demand for 

natural rubber will remain robust and the downside is limited.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1,000

1,100

1,200

1,300

1,400

1,500

1,600

1,700

1,800

1,900

Jan-20 Feb-20 Mar-20 Apr-20 May-20 Jun-20 Jul-20 Aug-20 Sep-20

Oct-20 Nov-20 Dec-20

Dec-19

SICOM TSR20 1st position for 2020 (US$ per mT)

Source: Bloomberg

2020 

RUBBER MARKET NOTES 



15

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

Supply factors

New planting of rubber vs historical prices

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

400.0

350.0

300.0

250.0

200.0

150.0

100.0

50.0

450.0

500.0

–

New rubber planting ('000 ha)

 

Average TSR20 prices (US$ per mT)

2010

2011

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2009

4,000

3,500

3,000

2,500

2,000

1,500

1,000

500

4,500

5,000

–

Source: IRSG

 

 

 

 

 

Thailand

Vietnam

China

Malaysia

Indonesia

 

 Average TSR20 (rhs)

On the other hand, supply is dwindling. Due to a prolonged price 

suppression, the incentives for smallholder farmers to keep the supply 

pipeline has been little to non-existent – New plantings have been 

declining since 2011, when the rubber prices deteriorated from its 

historic high.

Subsistence farmers, who historically have relied on rubber-tapping 

to sustain their livelihood, have also left with little choice: either 

seeking for alternative income source, or continue to “abuse” the trees 

by overtapping and undermaintaining them to derive an equivalent 

monetary value to make ends meet. This has led to the trees being 

vulnerable to diseases, such as leaf blight

1 and leaf fall

2 diseases, which 

affects tree yields permanently.

The COVID-19 pandemic and the collapse of certain prominent 

commodity traders have induced a wave of credit-tightening measures 

by the banks for the commodities industry. This may have led to some 

smaller-scale producers curtailing their operations amid financial 

weakness and increasing difficulty in obtaining credit and cargo 

insurance.

Separately, whilst the global trades have carried on, population 

movements have been largely restricted, which resulted in foreign 

labours not being able to return to their country of employment. This 

affects predominantly Thailand and Malaysia, where tapping operations 

are mainly manned by foreign labours. These issues have affected and 

are expected to continue to affect the rubber supply in near future, until 

the restrictions on cross-border travel are lifted.

1 

https://ircorubber.com/2019/pestalotiopsis-endanger-national-rubber-production/

2 

https://ircorubber.com/2020/severe-and-critical-situation-of-rubber-plantations-in-thailand-affected-by-new-leave-fall-disease/

Closing thoughts

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Natural rubber supply demand balance (in ‘000 mT) 

16,000

15,000

14,000

13,000

12,000

11,000

10,000

9,000

17,000

18,000

600

400

200

–

(200)

(400)

(600)

800

1,000

Balance (rhs)

Demand (lhs)

Supply (lhs)

Source: IRSG

(Negative value on right-axis: Demand &gt; Supply, vice versa)

Source: IRSG

Based on analysis done on datasets from International Rubber Study 

Group, the current excess inventory situation in the natural rubber 

industry is expected to subside and a supply shortage will emerge, as 

the growth in natural rubber demand is expected to outpace supply 

in the near future. However, based on our on-ground observations 

as described above, the tipping point may come much sooner than 

expected.

If the auto-tyre-rubber ‘trilogy’ has proven one thing over the 

course of the unprecedented year, is that its proven collective and  

co-operative resilience and adaptability to adversity as they approach 

2021 with optimism. That ‘W/V’-shaped recovery mentioned earlier 

looks to have been confirmed in the first couple of months of 2021. The 

‘Rubber Trilogy’ looks set on an altogether better year than the one just 

concluded. The success of the glove industry aside, the rubber products 

industry should also benefit from steady economic recovery. We look 

forward to being a part of it all.

16

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

2020 RUBBER MARKET NOTES


The inherent potential of a plantation business

80% of natural rubber produced globally is grown by smallholder 

farmers. This results in a very weak ability to trace which farm or tree 

the rubber originates from, and with that, arises many sustainability 

challenges. 

On the other hand, Corrie MacColl Plantations (CMCP) owns 100,000 ha 

(1.5 times the size of Singapore) of land in Cameroon and another 

10,000 ha in Malaysia. We apply low-density planting with 38,400 ha, 

or just 31% of our land planted. We are committed to good agricultural 

practices, and having full control over both planting and harvesting 

means that output from our plantations is 100% traceable.

Management of our Cameroon estates began in 2016. A majority of the 

trees had already exhausted their economic lifespan then, and we have 

since engaged in a replanting programme. A plantation is always a long-

term investment as time between plant and yield is roughly six years, 

continuous capital investment to nurture the immature plantation areas. 

Having been established in 2013, the first plantings of our Malaysia 

plantation reached maturity last year with peak production expected 

seven years after first harvest. 

Total CMCP's output for 2020 was 15,015 mT of natural rubber and 8,356 

mT of fresh fruit bunches. 

The future of CMCP paints a bright picture. The infrastructure is in place. 

Costs are fixed, and we have observed a recent strengthening in rubber 

prices. Couple that with an increase in production as trees mature, unit 

costs decrease and margins grow. As we enter a cyclical recovery in 

the market, CMCP is well positioned to supply a forecasted 55,000 mT 

of fully traceable, high-quality, sustainably produced natural rubber 

and latex by 2030. To put things into perspective this could be used to 

manufacture 8 billion medical gloves!

Sustainable development of our operations, and our 

people

The management strategy for the plantations was built around 

sustainability. We developed our Sustainability Policy with International 

NGOs Proforest and Rainforest Alliance. The Policy defines our highest 

sustainability standards and it includes a No Deforestation commitment 

across our Group's assets. 62% of our land remains unplanted and 

includes High Conservational Value (HCV) areas, protected land, and 

our 25,000-haectare Community Forest where we are developing 

income generating programmes with all benefits allocated to the local 

Communities.

2021 will see the first planting of our Cameroon Outgrower Programme. 

300 ha have been selected for planting this year with each applicant 

required to undergo a stringent sustainability and credit-risk onboarding 

process. The programme is forecasted to plant 27,000 ha of multi 

crop farms over the next 15 years, surrounding a core crop of rubber, 

and generating income and food security for a minimum of 13,000 

smallholder farmers. At peak production, the programme is expected to 

produce approximately 35,000 mT of rubber which will add to CMCP's 

total output. 

Yield forecast vs maturity over next 20 years (Cameroon)

70,000

50,000

20,000

60,000

30,000

40,000

10,000

–

Immature areas

Mature areas

Yield (in mT)

FY21

FY24

FY27

FY22

FY25

FY28

FY30

FY32

FY23

FY26

FY29

FY31

FY33

FY35

FY37

FY39

FY34

FY36

FY38

FY40 FY41

Carbon opportunities

To further our sustainability development, we engaged Rainforest 

Alliance last year to carry out a complete supply chain greenhouse gas 

(GHG) balance assessment on our plantations in Cameroon. 

An excerpt from the report's summary:

"Estimated carbon sequestration in the existing rubber systems at 

both plantation sites far outweighed the GHG emissions associated 

with the cultivation and processing of rubber. However, when taking 

into account emissions from historical land use change this positive 

balance is quickly negated." 

What's important is that rubber trees sequester carbon, and they store it. 

In fact, in our Sudcam plantation, "The C sequestration rate in rubber 

is about 10 times the value of its Carbon Footprint." 

The second phase of this study is to identify carbon reduction and 

removal opportunities, and define potential opportunities for achieving 

net zero or carbon neutrality – to offset the damage done from past 

deforestation. 

"In recent years, Corrie MacColl has taken actions to implement 

proactive efforts to halt further land use change and degradation 

in this region, coupled with the intent to support and implement 

activities that will lead to further climate benefits and, more broadly, 

ecosystem and livelihood resilience through their Outgrower 

Programme and Community Forest. These efforts are commendable 

and should be highlighted as a role model for the industry." 



Note: The quotes in italicised texts above are obtained from the Rainforest Alliance Report titled "Assessing Carbon Neutral Opportunities in Halcyon Agri's 

Cameroon Operations". 

Full report: https://www.corrie-maccoll.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/Assessing-C-neutrality-opportunities_final.pdf. 

Public summary: https://www.corrie-maccoll.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/Rainforest-Alliance_Corrie-MacColl_Carbon-Neutrality-Study-.pdf

Planted areas (in ha)

CMC

PLANTATIONS



17

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

High-quality latex well positioned for the specialty 

market

CMCP made a tactical shift to latex production, targeting a 75/25 split 

in favour of the more specialised liquid product. Latex is used in the 

manufacturing of a plethora of products including condoms, balloons 

and even dog toys. 

More importantly, latex is used to save lives! The medical industry is a 

large consumer of latex in the manufacturing of catheters and other 

medical tubing, and medical gloves. In medical gloves, natural latex is 

the choice raw material for its form, feel, fit and function due to superior 

elasticity, viral and bacterial barrier, better dexterity and sensitivity for 

fine movements, and for its 40% more tensile strength as compared to 

alternative materials. 

Our Malaysian plantation, upon turning mature, is well situated to 

supply the Malaysian glove manufacturers (Malaysia is the world's 

largest glove manufacturer), while our Cameroon plantations, being the 

sole producer of concentrated latex in Africa, are situated strategically 

to benefit our European and North American customers. The Cameroon 

plantations benefit extensively from Corrie MacColl's distribution 

business which employs a technical advisory unit to assist customers 

with their purchase of specialty-grade products. The Group also 

provides logistical expertise which is needed in delivering latex, and tank 

storage capability. 

CMCP will establish itself as the premium supplier of specialised liquid 

latex, from a 100% traceable, and sustainable source. 

Continued advancement

There are approximately 2 million trees in our Hevecam plantation in 

Cameroon scheduled for replanting over the next 5 years. The building 

of a rubberwood processing facility will allow effective capturing of 

the value of these aged trees by creating by-products in the form of 

rubberwood for furniture, and rubber pellets for energy production. 

Exports of rubberwood and the sale of the pellets locally will create an 

income stream from what would have been previously considered waste 

material. In addition to the financial benefit, the programme advances 

our sustainability programme by ensuring the rubberwood retains its 

sequestered carbon while the pellets provide a more environmentally 

friendly source of energy. 

The Hevecam plantation is also currently undergoing a step-wise 

programme to be ready for Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certification 

which is scheduled for the beginning of 2022.  



CMC PLANTATIONS

18

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability


Halcyon Agri employs more than 15,000 employees globally, especially 

in Cameroon, where we are one of the largest private employers. It is 

estimated that our raw material procurement is intertwined directly or 

indirectly with at least 800,000 smallholder farmer households.

COVID-19 wreaked havoc across all businesses in 2020 and we were 

not spared. As we tackled the effects, our main priority was to secure 

the safety and wellbeing of the thousands of people we employ, as well 

as the members of the communities in locations we operate – most of 

whom live in lower income regions. We are proud of how our Group 

adapted to changes and challenges, and we thank the local communities 

for giving us the trust to guide and support them throughout the year.

Protecting our people

• 

Adoption of strict precautionary measures, taking guidance from 

international standards put in place by government authorities.

• 

Roll-out of awareness and up-to-date information campaigns 

through multiple channels in local languages.

• 

In addition to our usual Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS) 

practices, we mandated the use of personal protective equipment 

(PPE) such as masks. Gloves were distributed to our staff according 

to the level of risk in different areas of operation.

• 

Strict compliance to safe distancing rules: Unnecessary movement 

or overcrowding was discouraged through evening curfews, 

staggered working hours, work-from-home where possible, and 

newly painted ground markers.







• 

In addition to the regular disinfection of villages and communal 

buildings, all incoming vehicles are disinfected before being allowed 

into the compound.

• 

Both of our Cameroon plantation hospitals have been certified as 

official testing centres by the government which allowed our teams 

to provide tests to our communities, as well as those surrounding 

our concessions.

• 

During times of rising cases within the regions of the plantations, 

precautionary measures that align with international standards were 

put in place. These included mandatory testing upon employees' 

return to the plantation, quarantine periods and a second test.

• 

Local villages have supported the concession communities in the 

delivery of fresh fruit and vegetables with a home delivery system of 

food and basic amenities; this system has ensured that employees 

and their families are well fed during the period of movement 

restrictions.

• 

Global teams have adopted video-conferencing platforms to 

promote regular communication and to keep motivation high whilst 

working from home. To continue a sense of normalcy, social events, 

and celebrations such as Christmas and birthdays have gone virtual.



Dedicated employees disinfecting incoming vehicles  

(Taken at our Hevecam plantation)

Briefing and informational updates about COVID-19  

(Taken at our PT Hok Tong Palembang factory)

Disinfecting communal buildings  

(Taken at our Sudcam plantation)

Bulletin board detailing the COVID-19 information  

(Taken at our Hainan factory)

































19

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

LIVING 

WITH COVID-19 





Protecting our communities

• 

Collaborated with local Cameroonian NGO, APIFED as well as Red 

Cross to deliver one of the earliest and largest COVID-19 awareness 

campaigns for communities neighbouring our plantations.

• 

We have actively reached out to local communities to inform 

and educate them about COVID-19, in collaboration with local 

governments.

• 

Increased the cleaning frequency of the environment surrounding 

the factories, and disinfecting the communal areas (such as schools 

and housing areas).

• 

Distribution of prevention kits to communities surrounding our 

operations, which comprises soaps, face masks and hand washing 

barrels, with demonstration on how to use these correctly.

• 

In Cameroon, a toll-free number has been established in the 

plantation communities to connect the caller to the nearest 

medical facility in order for the suspected cases to promptly receive 

medical assistance. Fully functional isolation treatment centres have 

been established to accommodate up to 200 people, ensuring that 

patients are treated separately without posing a health risk to the 

wider community.

• 

Community school students attended classes on a rotational 

basis, as the seating capacity was reduced by half to ensure safe 

distancing in classrooms. 

• 

Food assistance programme to the community members affected 

by the lockdowns, in collaboration with local government 

authorities.





Daily temperature monitoring of our employees  

(Taken at our Sudcam plantation)

Safe distancing during meal times 

(Taken at our SDCI Ivory Coast factory)

Harnessing video conferencing facilities to stay connected



























20

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

LIVING WITH COVID-19


Hand-making face shields to be distributed to local communities  

(Taken at our Teck Bee Hang factory)

Our way forward – Business continuity plans

COVID-19 exemplified the necessity of a business continuity plan to manage the unforeseeable circumstances, minimise the disruption to our global 

operations and ensure that the business remains resilient in spite of external disruptions. The key features to the business continuity plans are as 

follows:

COVID-19 awareness campaigns to the local communities  

(Taken at our Hevecam plantation)

Face masks were made mandatory in local schools, and reduction of 

seating capacity 

(Taken at our Hevecam community school)

Distribution of PPEs to the local community  

(Taken at our Teck Bee Hang factory)

Briefing to communities

(Taken at the living quarters of our plantation workers in Ivory Coast)

Distribution of care packages to communities surrounding our factories 

(Taken at Kedah, Malaysia)

• 

Communicate with internal and external stakeholders on timely 

basis, to keep them fully apprised of our plans and to secure their 

ongoing support.

• 

Adhere to all travel and health advisories issued by the respective 

local government agencies and global health authorities.













• 

Identify critical business functions and essential employees, and 

deploy appropriate business continuity arrangements, such as 

split team arrangements as well as cross-training and covering 

arrangements to minimise disruption due to risks of infection.

• 

Utilise flexible work arrangements, and provide the employees with 

sufficient tools and resources to support telecommuting.

















































21

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

LIVING 

WITH COVID-19 











17 Aug

JFL Holdings receives Malaysian Sustainable Palm Oil (MSPO) 

certification, a recognition for responsible management of 

palm oil plantations, smallholdings and palm oil processing 

facilities.

August 2020

19 Jun

Partnership with Deutsche Bank for sustainability-linked 

financing for an initial amount of US$25 million, with an 

accordion option to upsize the facility to US$75 million.

26 Jun

Appointment of Mr David Li Xuetao as the Chief Executive 

Officer as part of management transition plan. 

Mr Robert Meyer and Mr Pascal Demierre retired from their 

offices as the Group’s founding Chief Executive Officer and 

Chief Corporate Officer, respectively.

June 2020

27 Mar

Collaboration with China Chamber of Commerce of Metals 

Minerals &amp; Chemicals Importers &amp; Exporters (CCCMC) to 

develop practical and systematic solutions for Sustainable 

Natural Rubber.

March 2020

22 Oct

Awarded EcoVadis Gold Medal for Sustainability, a major 

improvement from silver medal in 2019.

October 2020

24 Apr

Consolidating some of the world’s oldest and most 

established rubber trading brands – Wurfbain, Corrie 

MacColl, and Alan L Grant distribution franchises to operate 

under Corrie MacColl brand, a vital phase to strengthen 

Corrie MacColl’s market presence and achieve higher brand 

visibility.

April 2020

16 Jan

PT. Pulau Bintan Djaya became the Group’s wholly-owned  

subsidiary.

January 2020

November 2020

9 Nov

Deepening partnership with Pioneer Balloon, one of the 

world’s largest balloon manufacturer, by investing in 

the preferred stocks of its holding company Continental 

American Corporation, to support its new venture into the 

production of latex gloves.

18 Nov

Completion of issuance of 3.8% US$200 million perpetual 

securities guaranteed by Sinochem International 

Corporation. The securities are classified as equity, which 

strengthen the Company’s capital position.

January 2021

15 Jan

Corrie MacColl launches second phase of Sustainable 

Sourcing Policy with Rainforest Alliance, with the purpose 

of extending in-house sustainability standards to business 

partners.

27 Jan

Sudcam kick-starts the operations of its state-of-the-art 

latex factory, with capability to produce fully traceable 

concentrated latex to fulfil the growing demand in the 

Western Hemisphere.

March 2021

3 Mar

SGX invests US$1.5 million into HeveaConnect, Halcyon 

Agri cedes controlling stake as part of its commitment to 

accelerate industry adoption of the digital platform, and 

driving sustainable development in the natural rubber 

industry.

17 Mar

Rank #1 most transparent rubber producing company in 

SPOTT assessment by Zoological Society of London, from 

second place in previous assessment in 2019.

April 2021

30 Apr

Obtained a syndicated loan facility of up to US$300 million 

with a tenure of three years, to refinance existing term loan.

CORPORATE

MILESTONES 



22

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability


2020 was a financially challenging year for Halcyon Agri. The Group's 

ambition to seize opportunities and capture profits, on the back of 

an anticipated recovery in rubber market in early 2020, has been 

sideswiped by the COVID-19 outbreak. In response, we have nimbly 

executed several key strategies to navigate the pandemic:

• 

Completion of US$200 million subordinated perpetual 

securities guaranteed by Sinochem International Corporation, 

our major shareholder, has allowed the Group to strengthen our 

capital structure and improve its operating liquidity.

• 

Obtained a three-year syndicated term loan of up to US$300 

million, which will be used to refinance an existing term loan. 

Completion of the exercise is subject to fulfilment of standard 

conditions precedent.

• 

Partnered with Deutsche Bank for a sustainability-linked loan 

of US$25 million, with an accordion option of US$50 million. The 

proceeds from such loan are utilised to fund our global plantation 

operations. This facility is first-of-its-kind in the natural rubber 

industry, where the financing costs are closely linked to our 

sustainability performance.

• 

Streamlined our global operations to preserve our 

competitiveness upon market recovery. In doing so, we have 

incurred US$14.4 million one-off expenses in 2020, which is 

expected to bring about savings in the future.

Notes:

1. Return on assets: Adjusted EBITDA divided by total assets

2. Return on equity: Adjusted EBITDA divided by total equity

3. Return on capital employed: Adjusted EBITDA divided by capital employed (term debts plus total equity)

• 

Calibrated our plantation capex with an aim to strike a balance 

between preserving capital and ensuring the immature trees 

continue to be nurtured. This contributed to a 25% reduction in 

plantation capital expenditure to US$27.9 million in 2020, from 

US$37.4 million in 2019.

On top of the above, we have also entered into important partnerships 

that strengthened our strategic footing ahead of the future:

• 

HeveaConnect Pte. Ltd. has secured a US$1.5 million investment 

from Singapore Exchange. The significance of this deal lies in the 

endorsement of the core rubber marketplace. With the transfer of 

our 14.7% shares into HeveaConnect Equity Trust, we have ceded 

our controlling stake in HeveaConnect, and accordingly will 

no longer consolidate HeveaConnect as the Group's subsidiary. 

HeveaConnect's independence is crucial in facilitating its next 

stage of growth and promoting industry adoption.

• 

Invested US$3 million in preferred stocks of Continental 

American Corporation (CAC). CAC is the owner of Pioneer 

Balloon, one of the largest balloon manufacturers globally and 

also one of our important customers in North America region. This 

strategic investment is part of the Group's strategy to strengthen 

innovation capabilities through industry alliance.

Selected Key Financial Statistics

US$m unless otherwise stated

2020

2019

Sales volume (mT)

1,186,515

1,279,201

Revenue

1,708.8

1,907.7

EBITDA

As reported

1.4

71.7

Adjusted for fair value gains and non-recurring expenses

11.5

26.7

Operating (loss)/profits

As reported

(31.3)

38.3

Adjusted for fair value gains and non-recurring expenses

(21.1)

(6.7)

Return on assets

1 (%)

0.6%

1.4%

Return on equity

2 (%)

1.5%

4.5%

Return on capital employed

3 (%)

0.9%

2.3%

FINANCIAL 

HIGHLIGHTS 



23

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

Sales Volume

The outbreak of COVID-19 has affected the downstream demand and 

disrupted the global supply chain, which resulted in a 7.2% year-on-

year decrease in the volumes being delivered during the year. Typically, 

the first half delivered volume trends lower due to wintering season in 

key rubber origins, but in H1 2020, the slump has been exacerbated by 

the COVID-19 impact, which caused the downstream factories to be 

furloughed, and our factory capacities underutilised. H2 2020 rebound 

in volumes were driven by a strong recovery in downstream demand, 

where the countries progressively lifting the lockdown restrictions.

1,279,201

FY2019

FY2020

H1 2019

H2 2019

H1 2020

H2 2020

1,186,515

612,491

666,710

530,400

656,115

1,708.8

FY2019

FY2020

H1 2019

H2 2019

H1 2020

H2 2020

1,907.7

1,491

1,489

1,494

1,452

1,431

1,440

911.8

770.2

995.9

938.6

ASP (US$ per mT)

Revenue (US$m)

Revenue and Average Selling Price

Revenue decreased by 10.4% from US$1,907.7 million to US$1,708.8 

million in 2020, in part due to 7.2% decrease in volumes, as well as a 

3.4% reduction in average selling prices. Average selling prices (ASP) 

are lower in tandem with the 6.7% decline in the average SICOM TSR20 

prices from US$1,406 per mT in FY2019, to US$1,318 in FY2020, impact 

of which saddled by the higher sales premium realised.

Our sales are conducted via two major mechanisms: Spot, and  

Long-Term Contract (LTC). Spot sales are entered to secure nearby 

cargoes (i.e. two to three months away from contracted date), with 

prices and delivery months fixed, that allows effective capturing of 

margins but more susceptible to the rapid changes in the downstream 

activities. Meanwhile LTCs are typically determined based on the 

average prices of the month preceding cargo delivery, and offers 

guaranteed capacity utilisation, but will be subject to a higher exposure 

to margin variation, if raw material prices at origin diverge from futures 

prices used to price LTCs. We continuously review and calibrate our 

sales mix to balance between realisation of margins and ensuring our 

factory capacities are optimally utilised.

101.6

FY2019

FY2020

H1 2019

H2 2019

H1 2020

H2 2020

107.4

84

86

107

62

64

67.8

65.8

33.8

41.6

103

Unit margin 

(US$ per mT)

Gross profit (US$m)

Gross Profit

Gross profit reduced from US$107.4 million in FY2019 to US$101.6 

million in FY2020, or 5.4%, which is volume-driven predominantly. It 

was partially set off by a higher unit margin. Reduced downstream 

demand since H2 2019 was caused by economic uncertainty, and was 

worsened by COVID-19 in H1 2020. The effectiveness in capturing of 

margins is sensitive to the prevailing benchmark prices, downstream 

demand, raw material availability and costs.





(mT)

24

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


Performance by Segment

US$m unless  

otherwise stated

CMC Group

HRC Group

Corporate

Total

2020

2019

2020

2019

2020

2019

2020

2019

Sales volume ('000 mT)

349.8

378.5

881.5

946.1

–

–

1,186.5

1,279.2

Revenue to third party

533.3

595.0

1,175.3

1,312.7

0.2

–

1,708.8

1,907.7

Gross profits

21.6

30.7

80.3

76.6

–

–

101.6

107.4

Operating profit/(loss)*

(26.4)

(5.5)

19.2

13.9

(13.8)

(15.2)

(21.1)

(6.7)

EBITDA *

(17.0)

3.6

40.4

35.9

(12.6)

(14.2)

11.5

26.7

* 

Adjusted for non-recurring expenses, fair value gains and intragroup management fees.

CMC Group

After adjusting for the fair value gains on biological assets and non-

recurring expenses, CMC Group's operating losses have widened 

in FY2020, mainly due to the fact that the current prices are below 

breakeven point of CMC plantations – the contribution margins 

generated were not able to set off the fixed costs from the maturing 

plantations. Gross profits decreased by US$9.1 million from 2019 to 

2020, which is due to volume reduction and comparatively lower unit 

margins amid downward pressure in rubber prices and the weakened 

demand. Also contributing to the variance is the absence of the recovery 

of social charges amounting to US$7.1 million which happened in 2019. 

The maturing of CMC Group's plantation profile has also resulted in a 

higher maintenance costs being expensed off in 2020.

HRC Group

Adjusted for the management fee, have improved as compared to 

the previous year, due to effective capturing of sales premium and 

processing margins, as reflected in the improved unit gross profit. 

This was set off by the lower sales volume, caused by the pronounced 

demand weakness in H1 2020.

Corporate

This segment covers the key administrative and support functions for 

the Group. Operating losses decreased from US$15.2 million in FY2019 

to US$13.8 million in FY2020, mainly due to the reduction in corporate 

costs, that is in line with the Group's rationalisation effort amid a 

challenging operating environment.

11.5

FY2019

FY2020

H1 2019

H2 2019

H1 2020

H2 2020

26.7

30.3

(3.7)

(9.3)

20.8

Adjusted EBITDA as stated above is derived after excluding of non-recurring expenses, 

as well as fair value gains from biological assets and investment properties from 

reported EBITDA.

Adjusted EBITDA 

Adjusted EBITDA reduced by more than half in 2020, from US$26.7 

million in 2019 to US$11.5 million in 2020, which was mainly 

contributed by a US$5.8 million decrease in gross profit, as well as the 

non-recurrence of the recovery of social charges amounting to US$7.1 

million from the Cameroonian government recorded in 2019.

FY2019

FY2020

H1 2019

H2 2019

H1 2020

H2 2020

Working capital

Fixed capital

34.8

17.1

16.4

25.4

17.6

24.5

5.3

12.3

18.0

4.7

11.7

5.0

12.1

9.0

2.7

6.3

10.3

7.4

Net Financing Costs

Working capital financing costs comprise entirely the interest 

expenses incurred for the funding of the Group's working capital cycle. 

Meanwhile, fixed capital financing costs represents the net costs from 

structural financing facilities that includes term debt interests as well as 

financing income.

Net financing costs decreased by 27.0% from US$34.8 million to US$25.4 

million, driven by the lower global benchmark interest rates, as well as 

the working capital interest savings from paring down of working capital 

loan balances out of the issuance proceeds of US$200 million perpetual 

securities in November 2020.





(US$m)

(US$m)

FINANCIAL 

HIGHLIGHTS 



25

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

Financial Position

The Group's net assets have increased from US$589.0 million in December 2019 to US$748.7 million in December 2020. The key reason of the 

increase is due to the net proceeds of US$192.6 million from the issuance of perpetual securities in November 2020, as well as foreign currency 

translation gains following the strengthening of the local currency against US Dollar, which sets off the losses for the year.

The Group continues to maintain a stable funding base, where financing tenors are matched, cash balances are unencumbered and fixed assets are 

sustainably financed.

The table below summarises the management's assessment of the Group's capital structure:

US$m unless otherwise stated

Dec-20

Dec-19

Net working capital assets

1

545.2

540.9

Cash and cash equivalents

45.7

57.9

Loan receivables

61.7

51.7

Total net working capital employed

652.6

650.5

Working capital loans

463.5

572.6

Efficiency of Working Capital Funding (%)

71.0%

88.0%

Operational long-term assets

2

1,064.5

1,017.5

Non-core assets

3

43.6

44.7

Total long-term assets

1,108.0

1,062.2

Other borrowings

548.1

551.1

Fixed Asset Gearing (%)

49.5%

51.9%

Total equity (excluding perpetual securities)

556.5

589.0

Perpetual securities

192.6

–

Total equity (including perpetual securities)

749.1

589.0

Term debt to equity gearing

4

0.73 times

0.94 times

Net asset value (NAV) per share

5

US$0.47

US$0.37

Working capital funding efficiency decreased to 71.1%, mainly driven by liquidity headroom created from the availability of the proceeds of issuance 

of perpetual securities. Such proceeds were channelled to pare down working capital loans.

Fixed asset gearing decreased from 54.2% in December 2019 to 51.5% in December 2020, mainly due to the increase in asset base in line with the 

continuous investment into immature plantation upkeep across our plantation platform and weakening of US Dollar against local currencies.

Notes:

1. 

Net working capital assets for the Group are defined as the sum of operational trade and other receivables, net derivative assets, inventories, assets 

held for sale, net off against trade and other payables.

2. 

Operational long term assets of the Group are defined as intangible assets, PPE, plantation and biological assets, and other non-current assets and 

right-of-use assets, net off against non-current liabilities.

3. 

Non-core assets mainly made up of investment properties.

4. 

Gearing = Term debts divide total equity.

5. 

NAV per share = Total equity divide total shares outstanding (1,595,011,941 shares).

26

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


Cash Flows

US$m

2020

2019

Operating cash flow before working capital changes

28.0

15.3

Changes in working capital

(36.4)

(30.0)

Payments of taxes and working capital loan interests

(13.4)

(26.9)

Net cash flow from operating activities

(21.8)

(41.6)

Net cash flow from investing activities

(48.7)

(65.5)

Net cash flow from financing activities

56.7

38.7

Net changes in cash and cash equivalents

(13.8)

(68.5)

Investing cash flows

Net cash used in investing activities have 

decreased, from US$65.5 million in FY2019 

to US$48.7 million in FY2020, as part of our 

group-wide strategy to preserve capital and 

reduce capital expenditures. Specifically, the 

plantation capex has decreased from US$37.4 

million to US$27.9 million year-on-year.

Operating cash flows

Operating cash flows before working capital 

changes increased from US$15.3 million in 

2019 to US$28.0 million in 2020, reflecting 

cash-generating capabilities of the Group's 

core operations. Taking into account the 

investments into working capital, as well as the 

working capital loan interests and tax, the net 

cash outflow from operating activities reduced 

from US$41.6 million in 2019 to US$21.8 

million in 2020.

Financing cash flows

Net cash generated from financing activities 

has increased from US$38.7 million in the 

previous year to US$56.7 million in the current 

year, mainly due to the availability of proceeds 

from perpetual securities issuance.

Capital Structure Management

Treasury management

Treasury management is carried out by the business units, and coordinated by group treasury, in accordance with established policies and guidelines. 

Policies and guidelines are regularly updated to take into account changes in the operating-environment. Working capital requirements and capital 

expenditures are funded by a mix of short-term and long-term loans.

We closely monitor relevant emerging regulations which may potentially impact the way we obtain our finances or may introduce any operating 

constraints. We stay abreast of the latest development in debt markets and new financing opportunities. Our consistent approach has helped us in 

building a strong working relationship with the bankers.

Cash and cash equivalents, as well as undrawn committed facilities, are available for drawdown at short notice.

Financing profile

Halcyon Agri has access to different sources of financing. We decide on the financing approach that is suitable for our prevailing business needs, 

while mindful of the risk of concentration. Hence, we have a diversified source of financing, and borrow on both secured and unsecured basis.

As of 31 December 2020, the Group had total bank borrowings of US$1,011.6 million, comprising:

• 

Working capital loans of US$463.5 million (46%): These are mainly related to the financing of working capital turn, in which the cash conversion 

cycle is typically c.90 days.

• 

Term loans of US$548.1 million (54%): These loans typically bear a repayment tenor of more than one year, and drawn to finance our investments 

into factory assets and plantations. It is worth noting that on 30 April 2021, the Group has obtained a three-year syndicated term loan of up to 

US$300 million to refinance a substantial portion of the US$373.2 million term loans which was classified as current liability as of December 

2020.

Capital structure

In managing our capital structure, we strive to achieve a balance between shareholders' funds and external borrowings in order to maximise 

shareholders' return.

To achieve the optimal capital structure, we may either renew and refinance existing borrowings, obtain new borrowings, or deleverage by way of 

rights issue, as well as opportunistic disposal of non-core assets.

Having access to flexible and cost-effective financing allows us to quickly respond to opportunities. We also maintain a close working relationship 

with all of our panel banks, including the Chinese banks given our parentage. In our view, the Group has adequate sources of financing to meet 

our business requirement in the foreseeable future. We also use a combination of short-term and long-term debts in financing our operations, 

depending on the cash flow profile of the prevailing investments. Most of our drawdowns are in US Dollars, being the underlying currency of natural 

rubber trades.

FINANCIAL 

HIGHLIGHTS 



27

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

The Board as a whole is responsible for the governance of risk and the overall internal controls framework. The Group proactively manages risks and 

embeds the risk management process into the Group's planning, decision-making process as well as its day-to-day operations. Our risk registers are 

reviewed regularly to ensure the risk mitigation measures are symmetric with market environment and Group's operations. 

The risk registers are presented to the Company's Audit Committee and any material changes to the key risks areas are reported to the Audit 

Committee as soon as they are identified. The Board devotes significant attention to maintaining an effective system of risk management and internal 

controls, to safeguard the investment of the Company and its Shareholders, and ensure that risks are managed in the best interests of the Group.

RISK

CAUSE

IMPACT

MITIGATION MEASURES

PRICE RISK

Fluctuations in the price of natural 

rubber and rubber products

Weather, political and geopolitical 

changes, futures market activities 

and currency movements

Exposure to price volatility directly 

impacts the Group’s profitability

• Utilise forward physical 

contracts and/or derivatives 

to manage the Group's open 

positions

• Daily reports on market 

positioning to facilitate 

management’s decision 

making process

CREDIT AND COUNTERPARTY 

RISK

Customer defaults and 

counterparty’s failure to meet 

contractual obligations

• Adverse market movements 

and volatile market price 

changes

• Inadequate screening of the 

customer and counterparty

• Customer defaults resulting in 

loss of revenue

• Breach of counterparty 

obligation resulting in 

additional costs

• Transact only with  

credit-worthy customers or 

counterparties

• Periodic review of credit terms 

granted

• Credit insurance to protect 

against potential default

LIQUIDITY RISK

Insufficient liquidity to

consistently meet obligations

as well as to cater to changing

business models

• Longer-than-expected 

working capital cycle

• Bank reduces or cancels 

banking facilities

Insufficient working capital

resulting in inability to meet

obligations on time which

impacts the Group’s reputation

• Manage liquidity by matching 

fund’s sources and usages

• Maintain sufficient headroom 

on unutilised committed 

banking facilities at all times

INTEREST RATE RISK

Fluctuation in interest rate

for loans and borrowings

Macroeconomic outlook,

currency movement, political and 

geopolitical disruptions

Interest rate hikes could increase 

the Group’s financing costs, which 

would negatively impact the 

Group’s results as well as liquidity

• Matching of cash availability 

with the repayment terms of 

facilities

• Actively monitor interest rate 

trends

FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK

Fluctuation in forex rates

Macroeconomic outlook,

political and geopolitical changes

Inadequate hedging and

unfavourable movements

in exchange rates resulting in

forex losses

• Monitor exchange rate 

movements on an ongoing 

basis

• Employ hedging instruments 

to manage the exposure

BIOLOGICAL ASSETS RISK

Suboptimal performance of

biological assets

Unpredictable planting/replanting 

conditions (e.g. soil and weather 

conditions, plant diseases and 

pests)

Inefficient asset utilisation and lost 

profits as the Group would have to 

procure from third party sources 

to make up for the suboptimal 

yield of existing trees

In-house team of experienced 

plantation team, supported by the 

services of qualified professionals 

as required for planting/replanting 

matters

SOCIAL AND POLITICAL RISK

Risk of changes in socio-economic 

and political climate

Socio-economic and political

development (e.g. issues of

labour laws, human rights,

environmental protection) that

have serious impact on local

population

Improper management of such

issues could tarnish the Group’s 

reputation

• Leverage the expertise 

and knowledge of local 

management and consultants 

to actively monitor the social 

and political risks

• Ensure effective risk mitigation 

measures are implemented in 

a timely manner

LEGAL AND COMPLIANCE RISK

The Group operates in many

different geographic locations

with diverse cultures and

local customs

Not being updated with changes  

of legal and regulatory 

requirements in respective 

geographical locations

Failure to comply with local laws 

and regulations may result in the 

Group being involved in litigations 

pertaining to claims and disputes

• Maintain active 

communication with internal 

and external legal advisors

• Proactively engage in 

discussions with local 

governments, regulators and 

industry leaders

RISK

MANAGEMENT



28

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability


RISK

CAUSE

IMPACT

MITIGATION MEASURES

TAX AND COMPLIANCE RISK

Risk in determination of our tax 

entitlement and obligation

Uncertainty regarding the 

application and interpretation 

of tax laws; not updated with 

changes in tax rules given the size 

and vast geographic scope of our 

operations

Failure to comply with tax rules 

which result in additional taxes, 

interest and penalties payable

• Ensure that tax work is 

performed by personnel 

with an adequate technical 

understanding of local tax laws 

and consulting with external 

tax advisors where necessary

• In situations where there is 

inconsistent interpretation 

of tax laws, proactively 

engage with the relevant tax 

authorities to ensuring tax 

issues can be resolved as 

equitably in a timely and cost 

effective manner

Our Approach to Tax

Principles and Commitment:

We are committed to ensure compliance with the law and relevant 

statutory compliance obligations.

We target to achieve an optimal tax position for the Halcyon Agri 

Group – which does not always mean the lowest tax result possible 

in every transaction, but rather an equitable one.

We respect and comply with the laws of the jurisdictions in which we 

operate which we knew or ought reasonably to have known.

We will not enter into artificial arrangements in order to artificially 

transfer profits from one business location to another in order to 

avoid taxation.

We support simple and competitive tax rules and stand by the 

principle that the taxing rights of countries should commensurate 

with where the economic activity occurs so as to support economic 

growth and job creation.

Roles and Responsibilities:

The Group Chief Financial Officer has overall responsibility for 

tax matters and is responsible for ongoing tax compliance and 

management of tax risks and exposures.

RISK

MANAGEMENT



29

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

31 Governance and Sustainability

38 Halcyon Agri’s HeveaPro Performance

39 Safeguarding Our People

46 Engaging Our Supply Chain

49 Eco-Efficiency and Climate Change

54 Communities and Landscapes

59 International Certifications and Standards

61 GRI Content Index

30

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability



SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT


1 

Principle 15 of the Rio Declaration on Environment and Development: “Where there are threats of serious or irreversible damage, lack of full scientific 

certainty shall not be used as a reason for postponing cost-effective measures to prevent environmental degradation.”

2 

Section 3.1, Singapore Exchange (SGX) Practice Note 7.6 Sustainability Reporting Guide

Halcyon Agri firmly believes that upholding the highest standards of corporate governance practices is critical to ensure sustainable growth and 

success of the Group. We are committed, and devoted to enforce best practices and all material principles of the Code of Corporate Governance 

2018, as well as all other applicable laws, rules and regulations. We will continue to proactively engage all stakeholders, including the regulators, 

governments, industry leaders and industry associations, to understand their concerns or expectations across jurisdictions where we have presence.

HALCYON AGRI BUSINESS PRINCIPLES







UPHOLD 

CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE 

AND

COMPLIANCE



ENGAGE

RESPONSIBLY 

WITH

CUSTOMERS,

SUPPLIERS AND

PARTNERS 

WITH INTEGRITY

PROMOTE 

ETHICAL

BUSINESS 

PRACTICES



CONTRIBUTE TO

SOCIETY AND

SUSTAINABLE

ENVIRONMENT

MAINTAIN A 

SAFE WORKING

ENVIRONMENT,

NURTURE AND

REWARD 

COLLEAGUES

Board Responsibility

The Board has overall responsibility for the company's sustainability vision. Under the Board's leadership, six key capitals: financial, manufacturing, 

intellectual, human, social and natural capital are allocated in the best interests of our shareholders and key stakeholders. The Board identifies 

and oversees environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors that are material to the Group's business. The Board is duty-bound to exercise a 

precautionary approach

1 in their decision-making particularly on matters relating to environmental protection. Collectively, the Board has ultimate 

responsibility in reporting the Company's overall ESG performance.

2

The Board adopts an inclusive decision-making to balance the needs and interests of the Company's material stakeholders. It has a written Policy on 

Board Diversity which endorses and promotes the inclusion of different perspectives and ideas, recognises the potential merits of gender diversity in 

the boardroom and welcomes female directors on board. While we acknowledge the lack of women representation in Halcyon Agri's Board for 2020, 

the Board is committed to advancing female candidates, should the candidates for appointment as director are relatively equivalent in their levels 

of required skills and experience. The Board sets the risk appetite to achieve an appropriate balance between risk and the Group's performance, 

and ensure transparency and accountability to key stakeholder groups. When necessary, the Board would engage professional services to identify 

impacts, risks, and opportunities, as well as to conduct comprehensive studies on issues or concerns relating to material risks.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

AUDIT COMMITEE

STRATEGY AND

INVESTMENT 

COMMITTEE

REMUNERATION

COMMITTEE

NOMINATING

COMMITTEE

CEO

SENIOR 

MANAGEMENT 

TEAM

GROUP 

SUSTAINABILITY 

DEPARTMENT

CLUSTER/COUNTRY 

CSR COORDINATORS

31

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability



GOVERNANCE AND

SUSTAINABILITY

Sustainability Leadership

With the support of the Board, the CEO supervises the management of material ESG issues and integrates them into the day-to-day management 

and operations of the Group. The CEO capitalises on the expertise of its management team and delegates sustainability related duties to 

the appropriate team members. For instance, the Managing Director – HRC Group leads and represents the Group's interests in industry-led 

sustainability discussions, including engagement with the Global Platform for Sustainable Natural Rubber (GPSNR). The CEO – Corrie MacColl 

Plantations, on the other hand, proactively maintains strategic relationships with key civil society groups and NGOs. Together, they champion 

the sustainability agenda of each business segment with the support from CEO and the Board, to achieve group-wide sustainability targets. A 

sustainability department was formally formed in 2019 dedicated to support, unite and reconcile the sustainability agenda of the different business 

segments across the organisation. To strengthen the Group's implementation of HeveaPro standards, the role of the sustainability department was 

expanded by establishing a network of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Coordinators at each of the Group's key operating areas. While TÜV 

SÜD maintains their role as independent auditors for HeveaPro standards, the CSR Coordinators are responsible for driving the Company's social 

responsibility standards and practices in their operations and work alongside key functions such as Quality, Environment, Health and Safety (QEHS) 

and Human Resources (HR) teams, to ensure a holistic group-led sustainability approach.

Policies, Standards And Compliance

The Group has put in place a number of policies, standards, and systems for raising concerns as part of a strong ethics and compliance function. Our 

employees are expected to adhere to and comply with the Group's policies and embrace high standards of ethical business conduct.

As one of the world's largest supplier of natural rubber and the owner of sizeable plantation concessions, Halcyon Agri understands its role and 

obligation in minimising impact to the environment while continuing to meet the growing demand for a critical natural resource. Consistent with 

its commitment, the Group updated its Sustainable Natural Rubber Supply Chain Policy (SNRSCP) in January 2021. Revision to the said policy was 

initiated in support of the motion decided at the GPSNR General Assembly for all members to adopt the industry-first GPSNR policy framework.

On the other hand, our Sustainable Sourcing Policy articulates our requirements to suppliers. Established in 2019, the policy embraces our 

commitments to the SNRSCP. As we work very closely with raw material sources, we understand the complexities and challenges faced by our 

suppliers. Further details of this policy is elaborated in the succeeding sections relating to supply chain engagement.

Other key policies of the Group, including but not limited to anti-corruption &amp; anti-bribery, human rights and ethical business practice, anti-

harassment and environment, health and safety are embedded into a Global Employees Policies handbook which is communicated to every 

employee through our mandatory induction programmes.

Ecosystem 

protection

Commitment to zero 

deforestation and 

ensure responsible 

cultivation,

harvesting and 

processing of natural 

rubber across the 

value chain



3

Traceability

To actively facilitate 

the development of 

traceability and 

improve transparency 

across the supply chain



6

Responsible land

acquisition and use

To promote a socially 

and environmentally 

responsible value 

chain and improve the 

livelihoods and 

economic viability of 

local communities, 

ensuring FPIC 

methodology and 

guidelines are applied



2

Good agricultural

practices and yield

improvement

To promote effective 

and safe methods to 

maximise yields,

 including providing 

training, encouraging 

the use of natural 

fertilisers and improving

environmental 

conservation practices



5

Policy 

implementation

and compliance

To ensure business 

strategy and approach 

across the supply 

chain are aligned 

with sustainable 

development initiatives 

and commitment



7

HALCYON AGRI SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT OBJECTIVES

Working conditions 

and

living environment

To protect the rights 

of all supply chain 

stakeholders and 

create a positive 

work environment



1

Ethics and 

transparency

To prevent corruption 

across the value chain, 

practice free and 

fair competition and 

develop a transparent 

grievance mechanism 

process for all 

stakeholders



4

32

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

GOVERNANCE AND SUSTAINABILITY


HALCYON AGRI GLOBAL EMPLOYEE POLICIES

Equal 

Employment 

Opportunity 

and Diversity

Responsible

Use of Work

Resources

Health,

Safety and

Environment

Workplace

Harassment

Competition

and Antitrust

Anti-

Corruption 

and

Anti-Bribery

Human 

Rights

and Ethical

Business

Practice

Whistleblowing

To supplement the implementation of the Group's policies, open door policies and whistleblowing framework are also in place to provide employees 

and/or third parties a trusted avenue to share their questions, concerns, suggestions or complaints and to ensure that their concern is addressed in 

the most appropriate manner.

Halcyon Agri's Whistleblowing Policy provides the mechanism for reporting concerns involving unethical or unlawful behaviour relating to Halcyon 

Agri, its employees, vendors, customers and other relevant stakeholders. All concerns raised including those reported anonymously, will be handled 

in strict confidence, treated fairly and assessed independently. The mechanism also commits to protecting the whistle-blower against reprisal and 

harassment. All reports are filed directly to the Audit Committee.

Ethics and Anti-Corruption

In 2020, we maintained a laudable record of zero confirmed incidents of corruption involving our employees. Supporting these efforts, HeveaPro 

standards provide the Group with essential baselines and performance indicators to enable continuous improvement plans.

Moving forward, the Group aims to improve its ethics training practices and ensure all sites have proactive anti-corruption mechanisms in place.

Materiality Assessment

In 2020, the Group initiated an online consultation to gather feedback from its key stakeholders. The intensive month-long exercise was aimed 

to assess the ESG factors that are material for Halcyon Agri. Representatives from Halcyon Agri's employees, key customers, investor institutions, 

civil society and industry bodies were invited to participate in the survey while the views from local communities, suppliers and smallholders were 

solicited by Halcyon Agri's CSR coordinators on the ground.

Despite movement restrictions brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic, it gave our team great pleasure to be able to receive overwhelmingly 

positive feedback from all stakeholder groups, with four responses out of every five invitees. Moreover, the survey was proven to be a valuable 

exercise to refine the scope of each material ESG factor.

With the approval from the Board, Human Rights and Climate Change have been included as one of the key ESG factors, making up a total of 10 

material ESG factors for the Group. While both ESG factors were embedded in Halcyon Agri's key ESG factors previously, our stakeholders are in 

favour of elevating its importance further, particularly in our operations and industry as a whole.

Given the success of the survey, we will continue to undertake the consultation process at least once in every three-year cycle, supplemented by 

feedback received from our ongoing engagement with key stakeholders, and the ESG trends observed by the Sustainability Department.

Halcyon Agri's materiality matrix as illustrated in the next page describes each key ESG factor and its importance to the area across our supply chain, 

and represents a collective view on the ESG issues which Halcyon Agri and its key stakeholders consider as material to the Group:

33

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability



GOVERNANCE AND

SUSTAINABILITY

GOVERNANCE AND

SUSTAINABILITY

Key ESG Factors

Key ESG Factor

Description

Scope

Operations

Value Chain

1

Pricing Equity

Just and fair distribution of the economic value of latex/cup lumps to 

upstream stakeholders (Smallholder farmers)

√

2

Traceable Supply Chain

Ability to trace raw material sources to address supply chain risk 

exposure to threats such as deforestation, environmental degradation 

and human rights and build transparency with customers and 

partners

√

3

Workplace Health and Safety

Protecting the safety and health of staff, workers and affected 

communities

√

√

4

Fair Working Conditions

Ensuring workplaces are free of discrimination, forced labour and 

child labour; Upholding the right of workers to a decent living wage, 

freedom of association and collective bargaining and the intent of 

the International Labor Organization's eight core conventions.

√

√

5

Human Rights

Respecting internationally recognised human rights consistent 

with the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights; 

Applying the FPIC process where appropriate following credible 

methodologies; Providing a grievance mechanism that serves as a 

channel for dialogue and remedy for affected stakeholders.

√

√

6

Eco-Efficiency

Conducting business operations that minimize air, water and land 

pollution and ensuring efficient utilisation of natural resources such 

as water and energy and other production inputs

√

7

Climate Change

Supporting initiatives to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions in 

our operations and addressing risks posed by climate change to our 

supply chain.

√

√

8

Landscape Stewardship

Application of integrated landscape management and good 

agricultural practices; Respecting customary, traditional and 

communal land tenure rights; Commitment to no deforestation in 

support of ecosystem conservation and protection; and Responsible 

acquisition and management of land for the business

√

√

9

Ethics and Compliance

Compliance to Halcyon Agri's global standards and local regulations 

and adherence to universally-accepted standards and guidelines that 

work against corruption in all its forms.

√

√

10

Community Investment and 

Empowerment

Contributing to improve livelihoods of local communities who have 

an influence and/or dependence on Halcyon Agri's operations

√

HALCYON AGRI MATERIALITY MATRIX



Importance to Halcyon Agri’s Stakeholders

(Higher score = Higher Importance)

Importance to Halcyon Agri’s business success

(Higher score = Higher Importance)

Workplace Health and Safety

Human Rights

Climate Change

Pricing Equity

Traceable Supply Chain

Eco Efficiency

Ethics and Compliance

Fair Working Conditions

Landscape Stewardship

Community 

Investment and 

Empowerment

34

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

GOVERNANCE AND SUSTAINABILITY


Stakeholder Engagement

Our stakeholders are those who have a considerable influence on our business, and whom our business has a significant impact on socially 

and economically. Ethical and ecologically sustainable business practices are fundamental to the Company's strategy for long-term growth. 

Understanding stakeholder perspectives is critical to determining, assessing and managing key risks and issues. As such, the Company has 

arrangements in place to identify and engage with the material stakeholder groups, including employees and those working across the supply chain.

We identified our key stakeholder groups based on the influence they have (or potentially have) on our organisation as well as the impact, whether 

positive or negative, our decisions and actions have on their own activities and decision-making. This approach took into account the principles and 

guidance contained in the AA1000 Stakeholder Engagement Standard 2015 by AccountAbility. Table below summarises our key stakeholder groups, 

our methods of engagement, and key topics raised from the stakeholder consultation on ESG factors in 2020.

Key Stakeholders and Engagement Methods

Top ESG Concerns

1

Employees

• Annual performance review and employee feedback sessions

• Training and development programmes, including empowering leaders in managing teams

• Quarterly publication of Halcyon Rubber Times Magazine and engagement via Facebook fan page

• Company-wide open-door policy and CEO townhall meetings in headquarters and other offices

• Grievance and whistleblowing procedures in place with assurance of confidentiality and 

protection against reprisal

• Worker unions or associations and collective bargaining arrangements with factory workers

• Community volunteering and company recreational activities

• Fair Working Conditions

• Ethics and Compliance

• Workplace Health and Safety

2

Customers

• Annual or periodic on-site assessments of our factories and plantations following customer 

timeframe

• Networking sessions hosted by industry associations at least once a year

• Periodic meetings and daily communication via phone and emails on topics such as quality and 

supply chain logistics

• As needed formal communications (email/letters) to customers to address concerns raised

• Media releases and updates shared with customers relating to company updates and news posted 

on our website

• Pricing Equity

• Workplace Health and Safety

• Fair Working Conditions

• Ethics and Compliance

3

Smallholder Farmers

• Group meetings and discussions regarding concerns raised as and when needed, either directly or 

though dealers

• Knowledge sharing, cultural promotion and good agricultural practices in accordance with 

HeveaPro standards.

• Traceability initiatives in partnership with the customer such as Rubberway to understand their 

situation better

• Pricing Equity

• Landscape Stewardship

• Climate Change

4

Suppliers (Non-Smallholder Farmers)

• Supplier performance feedback on a per project basis

• Sharing project management best practices when needed

• Regular toolbox meetings and induction on environment, health and safety on site regulations 

(Processing)

• Training on proper use of agricultural methods, pesticides and fertilisers prior to field deployment 

(Plantations)

• Workplace Health and Safety

• Traceable Supply Chain

• Climate Change

• Fair Working Conditions

5

Civil Society

• Formal responses to civil society feedback posted on our websites or via email as needed

• Periodic or scheduled meetings with NGOs at our plantations or processing sites on a per issue or 

project basis.

• Establishment of the Cameroon Sustainability Council comprised of independent civil society 

participants

• Implementation of grievance procedures for access to remedy relating to our operations

• Landscape Stewardship

• Human Rights

• Community Investment and 

Empowerment

35

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability



GOVERNANCE AND

SUSTAINABILITY

GOVERNANCE AND

SUSTAINABILITY

Key Stakeholders and Engagement Methods

Top ESG Concerns

6

Industry Bodies (Regulatory Agencies, Governments, Industry Associations and Certification 

Bodies)

• Partnership with China Chamber of Commerce of Metals, Minerals and Chemicals Importers and 

Exporters (CCCMC) for joint collaboration on sustainability initiatives

• Membership to Global Platform for Sustainable Natural Rubber (GPSNR), UN Global Compact 

(UNGC) and Global Agribusiness Alliance (GAA) for engagement on key concerns affecting 

industry

• Company information and updates online through SGX announcements, disclosure of Annual 

Reports, Sustainability Reports, and news releases

• Periodic reporting of environment, health and safety compliance (regulatory agencies, 

governments)

• Third party assessments of our processing and plantation assets annually or as needed (certification 

bodies)

• Attendance in conferences, workshops and speaking engagements as scheduled by organisers 

(industry associations)

• Ethics and Compliance

• Workplace Health and Safety

• Human Rights

7

Investors (Financial Institutions, Regulators, Analysts and Shareholders)

• Company information and updates online through SGX announcements, earnings release, 

disclosure of Annual Reports, Sustainability Reports and news releases

• AGM and EGM serve as important platforms for shareholders to communicate directly with the 

Board

• Finance and Investor Relations teams as intermediaries between Halcyon Agri and investment 

community

• Senior management meetings with investors, analysts, and the media. Channels include 

conference calls, roadshows and industry conferences organised by major brokerage firms 

throughout the year

• Human Rights

• Climate Change

• Fair Working Conditions

• Workplace Health and Safety

8

Local Communities

• Provision of feedback channels at our processing and plantation sites to be treated confidentially

• Health promotion conducted yearly

• Ad hoc and continuous in kind contributions to schools and educational institutions

• Technical or financial support for local infrastructure maintenance or development projects

• Periodic contribution to local socio-cultural activities and families in need

• Human Rights

36

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

GOVERNANCE AND SUSTAINABILITY


HeveaPro Industrial Standards: A Versatile Tool for ESG Performance Review

The HeveaPro brand is an industry tailored set of quality, environment, health &amp; safety (EHS), security and social responsibility standards 

benchmarked against global customer requirements and international guidelines and best practice. Designed for natural rubber processing 

operations, factories are independently certified by TÜV SÜD following stringent checks comprising over 1,000 audit points.

The standards were developed in 2015 and are now managed independently by HeveaConnect, the standards owner. As of 2020, majority of 

Halcyon Agri's factories and two factories operated by ITOCHU Corporation have been certified to be in conformance with HeveaPro. The 

Group hopes the standards will be applied and recognised more widely by industry stakeholders.

In line with our commitments to transparency, the Group results from TÜV SÜD’s 2019-2020 external audit exercise are reported in 

succeeding sections. 

HeveaPro Standards

Referenced international standards and guidelines

Quality Standards

– ISO 9001:2005 Quality Management Systems

– ISO/IEC 17025:2017 Competence of Testing and Calibration Laboratories

– International Automotive Task Force (IATF)

Environment, Health and Safety

– ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management Systems

– ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health and Safety Management Systems

Supply Chain Security

– ISO 28000:2007 Security Management Systems for the Supply Chain

– Customs Trade Partnership against Terrorism (CTPAT) of the U.S. Customs and Borders Protection (CBP)

– Partners in Protection (PI) of the Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA)

– Authorised Economic Operator (AEO) of the World Customs Organisation (WCO)

– Mexico's Operados Economicos Autorizados (OEA), formerly known as NEEC

Social Responsibility

– ISO 26000:2010 Guidance on Social Responsibility

– SA8000 Social Accountability Certification

– Global Platform for Sustainable Natural Rubber (GPSNR) 12 Principles

37

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability



GOVERNANCE AND

SUSTAINABILITY

GOVERNANCE AND

SUSTAINABILITY

TÜV SÜD Audit Findings

A number of checkpoint results are presented below taken from TÜV 

SÜD’s audit reports following HeveaPro EHS and Social Responsibility 

Standards. The external audits were held between 11 September 2019 

to 7 February 2020 covering Halcyon Agri’s 28 HeveaPro-certified 

sites.

Summary findings are presented in support of Halcyon Agri’s 

Sustainable Natural Rubber Supply Chain Policy and industry initiatives 

such as the Global Platform for Sustainable Natural Rubber (GPSNR) 

and the Sustainability Policy Transparency Toolkit (SPOTT).

The following are summary findings from TÜV SÜD’s audit reports:

1. 

Ethics and Compliance. 93% of audited sites have mechanisms 

set up that prohibit corrupt practices by our workers. Sites 

representing 7% were observed to have systems in place but 

fell short of proper documentation resulting in their non-

conformance.

2. 

Workplace Health and Safety. 70% of audited sites held 

comprehensive environment, health and safety training.

3. 

Non-Discrimination. On recruitment and dismissal activities, 

all audited sites were confirmed to practice non-discrimination 

regardless of age, gender, race and religion.

4. 

Gender Equality. The practice of enquiring a person’s sexual 

health (ie. pregnancy, virginity) is banned under any employment 

circumstances. The audit found 96% of sites showed evidence 

of this practice. The remaining 4% was observed to have the 

practice in place but lacked proper documentation resulting into 

non-conformance.

5. 

Wages. All sites were confirmed to meet minimum wage 

regulations set by their respective governments.

6. 

Grievance Mechanisms. All sites were confirmed to have open, 

transparent and independent grievance mechanisms in place 

system with access to remedy.

7. 

Suppliers and Smallholders. 2 of 5 sites were observed to 

communicate Halcyon Agri’s policies and code of conduct 

with suppliers. From investigations, it was observed that other 

sites largely communicated policies verbally with suppliers and 

smallholders and records keeping was not consistently practised.

8. 

Water. 75% of sites were found to apply good practices in 

recording and monitoring water consumption while 12 of the 

28 factories demonstrated water recycling rates of at least 40%.

9. 

Effluent. The audits confirmed all sites comply with national 

effluent discharge limits. Furthermore, all sites were found to 

treat cooling water from wet air scrubbers to their respective 

wastewater treatment plants.

10. Energy. All sites monitor fuel consumption at drying process 

where fuel consumption is greatest.

TÜV SÜD Audit Scope

To appreciate the scope of HeveaPro’s more than 600 checkpoints for 

EHS and Social Responsibility, specific ESG topics relevant to Halcyon 

Agri’s key stakeholders are listed below. As HeveaPro Industrial 

Standards are the exclusive property of HeveaConnect Pte Ltd., 

every effort was made to express audit scope clearly while respecting 

intellectual property rights of the standards owner.

The audit scope under HeveaPro EHS standards:

1. 

Workplace Health and Safety

1.1 

Review of Hazard Identification, Risk Assessment and Risk 

Control risk assessment (HIRARC) records annually;

1.2 Implementation of periodic indoor air quality, workplace 

heat and noise assessments to ensure the health and safety 

of working conditions;

1.3 Presence of EHS committees ensuring worker representation 

with members having clear roles and responsibilities;

1.4 Application of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) at key 

processes in the factory; and

1.5 Workers having access to medical facilities either within the 

factory or outside.

2 

Waste and Chemicals. Verification of systems in place to monitor 

hazardous and non-hazardous waste, ensure waste chemicals are 

collected and stored properly and sent to licensed treaters

3 

Odour. Checking for evidence of active odour treatment 

conducted across processing steps and regular preventive 

maintenance of air scrubbers, where applicable.

The audit scope under HeveaPro Social Responsibility standards:

1 

Freedom of Association. Checking for evidence of systems 

in place that encouraged workers to organise into unions or 

associations, enabled collective bargaining agreements and 

showed evidence of active meetings and inclusive participation.

2 

Grievance 

Mechanisms. 

Checking 

for 

evidence 

of 

communicating grievance procedures to workers and local 

community.

3 

Supplier Engagement

3.1 Checking for evidence of supplier selection process that 

determines the identity of sellers, volumes they sell and 

origin of their raw material delivered to the sites;

3.2 Checking records of holding upstream economic 

engagement activities with suppliers (including farmers). 

Activities include enabling improved market access for 

rubber smallholders, disseminating good agricultural 

practices (GAP) through training or knowledge sharing. 

Examples of GAP topics included rubber tapping, 

intercropping, pest management and land conservation; and

3.3 Verifying evidence of systems in place that ensure supplier 

selection and communication are impartial and transparent.

4 

Community Investment. Checking for evidence of local 

community 

engagement 

through 

skills 

transfer 

and 

apprenticeship opportunities, health and cultural promotion.



38

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability



HALCYON AGRI’S HEVEAPRO 

PERFORMANCE


At Halcyon Agri, we believe in responsible human resource management and equal opportunity for all. We recognise contributions from our 

employees and share best practices to build learning throughout the organisation. We have put in place group-wide policies to guide our global 

workforce and enable a culture of collaboration and teamwork.

To provide a pleasant, nurturing and growth-oriented 

environment, which encourages our employees to grow 

personally and professionally

To develop a world-class group of companies serving the 

rubber industry

To sustain our vision and mission by constantly seeking 

renewal via continuous education and learning, and the 

application of new technologies and skills

To develop diversified markets, which provide stability and 

adequate financial returns allowing us to achieve our vision 

and provide full opportunities for all employees

To operate with integrity and clear business conscience, and 

to achieve perfect health, safety and environmental records

To support our customers by providing superior products 

of exceptional value, which help them gain a competitive 

advantage in their markets

Human Capital

We support the careers and families of close to 16,000 employees globally. Our workforce in 2020 comprised of 24% females with over 95% of 

our employees working mainly in West &amp; Central Africa and China &amp; Southeast Asia. New hires in 2020 were slightly lower at 7% compared to 

turnover of 11%.

Total 

Employees

By Employment Contract, Gender and Region

(2020)

By Employment Type &amp; Gender

(2020)

Regular

Regular

Full-Time

Contract

Contract

Part-Time

Male

Male

Europe and Americas

Female

Female

West and Central Africa

China and Southeast Asia

2,000

-

4,000

6,000

8,000

10,000

12,000

14,000

Our Mission and Values

15,731

2020

10,636

7,464

3,676

11,613

6,483

1,367

1,533

396

3,405

94

323

151

46

6

HALCYON AGRI VALUES

Our values direct how we behave and our approach to achieving our goals

PERFORMANCE

RESPONSIBILITY

QUALITY

INTEGRITY

39

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability





SAFEGUARDING

OUR PEOPLE

Total New Hires

7%

Total Turnover

11%

New hires by age (2020)

&lt; 30 years old

30 - 50 years old

&gt; 50 years old

3.5%

5.2%

8.6%

2.9%

0.2%

1.4%

2.5%

Turnover by age (2020)

&lt; 30 years old

30 - 50 years old

&gt; 50 years old

3.3%

6%

1.8%

New hires by gender (2020)

Male

Male

Female

Female

Turnover by gender (2020)

BY  AGE

BY  GENDER

5.5%

7.9%

1.1%

0.0%

0.2%

3.0%

New hires by region (2020)

Turnover by region (2020)

Europe and 

Americas

Europe and 

Americas

West and 

Central Africa

West and 

Central Africa

China and 

Southeast Asia

China and 

Southeast Asia

BY  REGION

40

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

SAFEGUARDING OUR PEOPLE 


Workplace Health and  

Safety Management System

Our commitment to health and safety is embedded in our Sustainable 

Natural Rubber Supply Chain Policy (SNRSCP), and all our employees 

are covered by an occupational health and safety management system. 

The main system the Group applies is the HeveaPro Industrial Standards 

on Environment, Health and Safety (EHS). With over 600 checkpoints, 

the EHS standards are specially designed for rubber processing-based 

activities.

In 2020, the Group maintained a total of 28 HeveaPro-certified sites 

out of 38 processing factories around the world. The remaining sites 

specifically in Thailand and China are certified to ISO45001, or plan to 

be certified in near future. For distribution operations, Kelvin Terminals 

achieved ISO45001 in 2020. As for our plantation operations, the Group 

implements an internal EHS management system called LatexPro. 

The system is benchmarked against international standards and 

best practices. Similar to HeveaPro, the EHS system extends beyond 

processing to plantation activities such as tapping.

Hazards and Controls

Our operating sites conduct comprehensive Hazard Identification, 

Risk Assessment and Risk Control (HIRARC) activities that cover their 

respective operations. We ensure the quality of these processes through 

annual internal and external HeveaPro audits. Findings are reported 

promptly to senior management for review to ensure continuous 

improvement in line with our SNRSCP commitments.

We recognise that most regulations where we operate require HIRARC 

records to be reviewed periodically such as once every three years. 

HeveaPro EHS standards move beyond compliance and specify 

updating requirements on an annual basis.

Incident reporting and investigation is mandatory in our operations. As 

a practice, workers are empowered to immediately discontinue their 

tasks at hand should they identify existing or potential unsafe activities. 

Workers who report such incidents are protected against reprisals 

as mandated by our group-wide whistleblowing mechanism. Other 

controls in place include physical controls and practices. Examples 

include installation and maintenance of emergency stop buttons on key 

machineries and, setting up of fire suppression equipment and safety 

and emergency signages throughout factory floor. Practices include 

regular inspection of personal protective equipment (PPE) to ensure 

they meet standards before issuing to workers, adoption of Permit-to-

Work (PTW) system and Log Out Tag Out procedures to isolate hazards 

from workers.

Health Services and Promotion

The health and well-being of our workers are paramount to our 

business. We believe in preventive health and safety measures. Apart 

from annual staff health screening activities, we also conduct periodic 

air quality, heat and noise assessments of our working environments to 

ensure workers operate in conditions that safeguard their well-being.

Should there be incidences of ill health, our sites have access to medical 

facilities within short distance. Access to health services is externally 

verified by TÜV SÜD’s auditors using HeveaPro EHS standards. In 2020, 

amid the global pandemic, we conducted a global survey to ascertain 

the baseline conditions of medical facilities of our sites. The survey 

collected information such as medical staffing, facility capacities, 

availability of telecommunication services, medical equipment and 

services provided, and the access to nearest government or private 

hospitals. The survey helps us understand our internal capabilities, 

and we will use such information to support continuous improvement 

efforts.

COVID-19's Impact on Global Workforce

Halcyon Agri’s operations were not spared from the 

unprecedented impact of COVID-19 to businesses and society 

as whole. Our internal reports as of January 2021 have indicated 

a total of 47 confirmed cases amongst our employees and six 

confirmed cases from our contract workers. As of the time of 

writing, confirmed cases are well on recovery or have promptly 

recovered. Fortunately, we have no reported deaths amongst 

our global workforce. Since its emergence, we promptly applied 

safe-distancing protocols, temperature screening and limited 

physical meetings and engagements across our operations. 

Staff were required to work from home and business travel 

was banned across the whole Group in early 2020. When safe 

distancing measures were eased by the respective governments, 

we allowed staff to report to office on an as needed basis. There 

were adjustments in working from home but eventually, our 

global staff became used to the new normal.

The health, safety and well-being of our employees are our 

top priority. We continue to actively monitor the situation 

developments across our business operation, and has mandated 

periodic reporting of any suspected cases to our EHS teams. Safe 

distancing measures remained in place and washing of hands 

and use of masks are regularly reminded. Business travel remains 

restricted. We support the vaccination programs and encourage 

our staff to take the COVID-19 vaccine when it is offered.

41

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability





SAFEGUARDING

OUR PEOPLE

Worker Engagement and Training

Despite local regulations requiring only health and safety committees, 

our group policy mandated environment, health and safety (EHS) 

committees in our operations. Meetings of the committee which 

represents all workers are held at least bi-annually and chaired by a 

competent employee. The EHS committee’s charters are maintained 

through written procedures with the roles and responsibilities of 

members clearly stated therein. Activities and decisions of the EHS 

committee are communicated to workers either physically, through 

notice board, and/or email circulars.

To complement this, EHS campaigns are held at least quarterly to 

reinforce and inculcate safe behaviors amongst our workers. In 2020, 

our campaigns were limited to virtual communications largely due to 

movement restrictions and safe distancing measures that are put in 

place amid COVID-19 pandemic.

The audit scope of TÜV SÜD also includes verifying evidence of active 

EHS committees with clear roles and responsibilities and worker 

representation in place. While local laws where we operate require set 

up of only health and safety committees, HeveaPro EHS standards also 

require establishment of an environmental committee.

Overall, the number of workers trained and training hours were lower 

compared to 2019, mainly due to the disruptions brought about by 

the pandemic, whereby external training was restricted and in-house 

training was reduced to a minimum operational needs. Nonetheless, 

we still retain crucial training activities on emergency preparedness, 

fire prevention and EHS induction. The EHS briefings were especially 

relevant to step up safe distancing measures and screening activities for 

contractors and suppliers that visited our sites. We will continue to refine 

our training practices through needs assessment to ensure our workers 

remain vigilant about compliance with workplace health and safety 

measures.

3,399

2,725

Biological/Chemical

4,890

2,283

Physical

1,396

698

Ergonomic

4,518

3,420

Fire Prevention and 

Protection

3,102

2,755

Emergency Preparedness

EHS Induction/Management

System Awareness/

Environment Protection

2,293

3,173

Quality Management &amp;

Good Agricultural Practices

220

347

1,331

732

First Aid

Workers Trained (pax)

2019

2020

42

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

SAFEGUARDING OUR PEOPLE 


28,522

8,148

5,407

Biological/Chemical

19,385

5,293

Physical

6,857

1,084

Ergonomic

17,501

Fire Prevention and 

Protection

15,984

10,727

Emergency Preparedness

1,560

2,271

EHS Induction/Management

System Awareness/

Environment Protection

Quality Management &amp;

Good Agricultural Practices

6,387

1,248

18,007

3,777

First Aid

Training Hours (hours)

2019

2020

Work-related Injuries

The Group is pleased to report zero fatalities for 2020. From the start of 

the year, the EHS department implemented mandatory EHS reporting 

by all processing sites on a monthly basis. Such monitoring and control 

practices emphasis on accountability and correctness of reported EHS 

data.

Both the 2020 Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) (stood at 16.3) 

and the Lost Day Rate (LDR)

3 (stood at 76.3), are lower compared to 

levels in 2019. Despite an overall improvement, we are saddened to 

report a single high consequence workplace injury in 2020 – our 

worker in Malaysia factory cut his fingers while operating the rubber 

cutter machine. The worker was immediately given first aid by staff on 

duty and sent to the nearby hospital for treatment. Further investigations 

and root cause analysis revealed the worker did not follow the standard 

operating procedure (SOP). As a preventive measure, we have placed 

additional warning signage and increase the frequency of SOP briefing 

to our machine operators.

We acknowledge higher LTIFRs for plantation employees and processing 

non-employees. Additional monitoring activities have been imposed 

by the Group EHS department which mandated monthly reporting of 

plantations and non-employee EHS data. This procedure aims to identify 

and address the root causes for the higher LTIFRs observed. We remain 

vigilant on our health and safety measures in the processing activities to 

safeguard health and safety of our employees. 

28,522

3 

Lost Day Rate (LDR) is calculated based on the number of work days lost due to injury x 1,000,000 hours/ Total hours worked during the reporting period.

4 

LTIFR is calculated based on number of occupational injuries x 1,000,000 hours / Total hours worked during the reporting period.

LTIFR Trend

Total (Processing 

&amp; Plantation)

28.2

Employees

2019

Non-Employees

Plantations

0.0

Processing

7.5

Total (Processing 

&amp; Plantation)

7.5

2020 Lost Time Incident Frequency Rate (LTIFR)

4

16.3

16.3

2020

24.0

2018

Processing

2.7

Plantations

23.6

Employees

Total 

man-hours 

worked in 

2020

Number of 

Lost Time 

Incidents 

(LTI)

LTIFR

Processing

8,859,237

24

2.7

Plantations

16,339,840

386

23.6

Total

25,199,077

410

16.3

Non-Employees

Total 

man-hours 

worked in 

2020

Number of 

Lost Time 

Incidents 

(LTI)

LTIFR

Processing

1,598,019

12

7.5

Plantations

12,056

0

0.0

Total

1,610,075

12

7.5

43

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability





SAFEGUARDING

OUR PEOPLE

Fair Working Conditions

The Group is committed to fair working conditions by ensuring workplaces are free of discrimination, forced labour and child labour; upholding the 

right of workers to wages, and their right to freedom of association and collective bargaining.

Our employment practices prohibit any form of discrimination on the basis of age, gender, race and religion. This has been verified by TÜV SÜD 

auditors during their 2019-2020 HeveaPro audits. Discriminatory questions such as asking female applicants whether they are pregnant or intend to 

become pregnant are banned. Employees are granted maternity or paternity leave in accordance to local statutory requirements.

In the past three years, we witnessed a slight but steady increase in female representation across the Group. Female representation in senior 

management also stayed above 8% in 2020.

% Female by Employee Category

Rank and File

Executives and

Supervisors

Senior and Middle

Management

23.2%

30.3%

20.7%

2019

2019

2019

Rank and File

Executives and

Supervisors

Senior and Middle

Management

8.11%

7.72%

7.48%

2020

2020

2020

2019

2019

2019

2018

2018

2018

54.73%

53.68%

52.43%

27.50%

28.99%

31.14%

1.68%

1.67%

1.51%

4.23%

3.99%

3.65%

1.01%

1.12%

1.22%

0.69%

0.74%

0.67%

1.89%

1.92%

1.69%

0.16%

0.19%

0.21%

&lt;30 years old

30-50 years old

&gt;50 years old

2020

2020

2020

2019

2019

2019

2018

2018

2018

2020

2020

2020

2019

2019

2019

2018

2018

2018

23.6%

2020

22.4%

2018

30.3%

2020

30.7%

2018

21.3%

2020

18.7%

2018

% Age by Employee Category

44

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

SAFEGUARDING OUR PEOPLE 


Senior Management

(% Female)

Senior Management by Age

(% Distribution)

2019

8.7%

2019

1.0%

&lt; 30 years old

30 - 50 years old

&gt; 50 years old

It is our group policy to prohibit employment of underage workers 

(typically, below the age of 18). Through our management systems, we 

have mechanisms in place to check and verify the age of applicants in a 

confidential manner as part of our recruitment procedures.

As a standard practice, living quarters of our plantation and processing 

factory workers must comply with the local government labour codes 

and regulations. Electricity and waste collection bins are provided in 

these facilities and they are regularly maintained. Facilities also have 

access to wash facilities and drinking water either through public 

water utilities or groundwater boreholes. For the latter, local EHS 

teams conduct groundwater quality tests to ensure safety of users 

and compliance to local water quality regulations. Consumption of 

water and electricity is monitored to ensure transparency to all users 

of housing facilities. Pest control monitoring activities are also done 

periodically to prevent the risk of vector-borne diseases infecting the 

workers and their families.

The Group adheres to the policy of equal employment opportunity 

and diversity. The Group ensures that its workers are remunerated not 

less than the minimum wage level imposed by respective regulatory 

authorities. Compliance with such regulations has been confirmed by 

TÜV SÜD's HeveaPro audit exercise.

From our practices, we confirm a 1:1 ratio on staff entry level wages 

with legislated minimum wages. The ratio excludes benefits-in-kind 

to employees. When monetised, these can account for a modest 

percentage of their total compensation. Furthermore, the ratio applies 

both to male and female staff.

The Group is supportive of workers' freedom of association and right 

to collective bargaining, as provided under the SNRSCP. We have 

operations in China and Thailand where their respective governments 

to-date have not ratified ILO 87

5 or 98

6. Despite this fact, we moved 

ahead of local laws and require our sites to encourage our workers to 

set up associations.

Collective agreements are widely practised across our plantations 

in Malaysia and Cameroon. For processing segment, the TÜV SÜD 

audit program checks for evidence on workers’ right to freedom of 

association and collective bargaining. To ensure this right is closely 

safeguarded, one of the important roles of CSR Coordinators is to help 

factories enhance procedures and address any gaps identified from 

internal audits.

Guided by our Group policies and practices, we are heartened to report 

zero non-compliance to labour-related laws and regulations for 2020. 

We are committed to maintain full compliance in the years ahead.

5 

International Labour Organization - Ratifications of C087 - Freedom of Association and Protection of the Right to Organise Convention, 1948 (No. 87)

6 

International Labour Organization - Ratifications of C098 - Right to Organise and Collective Bargaining Convention, 1949 (No. 98)

53.4%

45.6%

2020

8.4%

2018

6.7%

2020

54.2%

45.8%

2018

2.2%

55.6%

42.2%

45

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability





SAFEGUARDING

OUR PEOPLE

7 

https://www.conservationfinancealliance.org/incubator-selection-details/2020/4/17/trust-rubber-fund

Halcyon Agri recognises that partnerships and close cooperation 

amongst all supply chain stakeholders are crucial to creating a 

sustainable business and shaping the future of natural rubber industry. 

As stated in the sustainability policy, we are committed to maintaining 

inclusive and participatory dialogue with key stakeholders and 

supporting multi-stakeholder planning and development efforts. We 

focus on four key areas of stakeholder participation: engaging the 

industry, building relationships with smallholder farmers, partnering 

with our suppliers and promote traceable and transparent supply chain.

Industry Engagement

HeveaConnect

To inspire meaningful change in the natural rubber industry, Halcyon 

Agri founded HeveaConnect in 2018 with the ambition to digitalise the 

traditional natural rubber supply chain and fulfil the growing demand 

for sustainably sourced and responsibly produced natural rubber 

from consumers. Through HeveaConnect digital marketplace, natural 

rubber producers and consumers are able to track pricing and supply 

information and transact directly on HeveaConnect, promoting greater 

price transparency in the rubber industry. Since it was launched in 

April 2019, HeveaConnect has successfully matched over 250,000 mT 

of natural rubber for global tyre majors including some of our key 

customers, with gross sales value exceeding US$325 million.

HeveaConnect has recently received support from the Singapore 

Exchange (SGX), which joins the Company, DBS Bank Ltd. and ITOCHU 

Corporation as shareholders of HeveaConnect. SGX’s investment into 

HeveaConnect is a significant milestone as it will boost industry-wide 

adoption by market participants requiring an independent platform. 

Cognisant that the industry participation is crucial for such a platform, 

Halcyon Agri has relinquished its controlling stake in HeveaConnect 

by transferring a portion of its shares into HeveaConnect Equity Trust. 

This also enables HeveaConnect to leverage on the data governance 

expertise of SGX from an exchange perspective.

In response to feedback from users, HeveaConnect has initiated a 

revamp of the platform’s user interface and its supporting technology 

in 2020. HeveaConnect takes an inclusive approach and hopes to 

collaborate with more producers so they can benefit from the trading 

platform’s data centre and data acquisition tools.



Global Platform for Sustainable Natural Rubber 

(GPSNR)

Halcyon Agri supports GPSNR’s vision of a fair, equitable and 

environmentally sound natural rubber value chain. The multi-stakeholder 

initiative represents approximate half of global natural rubber volume and 

is represented by participants from each phase of natural rubber value 

chain, which comprises smallholder producers, producers, processors &amp; 

traders, civil society, tyre &amp; car makers and other product makers, as well 

as financial institutions. Halcyon Agri supported GPSNR’s efforts in three 

main ways: through representation in working groups, participation in 

pilot and consultation activities, and facilitating discussions on a global 

rubber trust fund.

Working Groups

Halcyon Agri represents the views of processors and producers and sit 

on three main groups of GPSNR: Smallholders, Equity and Capacity-

Building. The Smallholder Representation working group (SR) aimed 

to establish direct smallholder representation in GPSNR. The equity 

sub-working group (EQ), co-chaired by Deutsche Gesellschaft für 

Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ) GmbH and Halcyon Agri, aimed to 

define the meaning of “equity” for the industry and better understand 

living incomes of smallholder farmers while the Capacity-Building 

working group (CB) aims to build capacities among smallholder farmers 

and industrial plantations to adopt best practices in sustainable natural 

rubber production.

Through 

regular 

virtual 

meetings, 

the 

SR 

eventually 

secured 

representatives from smallholder communities across Southeast Asia, 

South America and Africa. These representatives have been formally 

accepted at the GPSNR General Assembly in September 2020. For EQ, the 

team was able to conduct living income studies in Thailand and Indonesia 

despite travel limitations amid COVID-19 pandemic. The studies will be 

used by GPSNR to understand baseline situations and support policy 

development. For CB, the team has successfully established national 

subgroups to spearhead capacity-building efforts at national and local 

levels. Halcyon Agri will continue to support GPSNR’s working groups 

moving forward.

Consultations

Aside from working groups, Halcyon Agri also contributed to the drafting 

of GPSNR Policy Framework which has been approved in the GPSNR 

General Assembly. Halcyon Agri was among the 11 GPSNR members 

that participated in the pilot testing of a set of draft Baseline Reporting 

Requirements development by the Policy Toolbox and Implementation 

Guidance Working Group. The baseline reporting is envisaged to be a key 

requirement for GPSNR members to demonstrate that they are aligned 

with GPSNR’s Policy framework in term of commitment to sustainability. 

We had since reviewed our sustainability policy and confirm that Halcyon 

Agri aligns with the Sustainability Framework endorsed at the GPSNR 2nd 

Assembly on 23 September 2020.

Rubber Trust Fund and Smallholder Financing

WWF and Halcyon Agri have jointly secured a grant from the inaugural 

Conservation Finance Alliance (CFA) Incubator for establishing a 

Rubber Trust Fund (RTF) for the industry. RTF aims to secure continuous 

financing and direct investments to offer trustworthy, efficient and 

transparent financial solutions to smallholders seeking to improve their 

livelihoods. The mechanism would be designed to engage the entire 

sector in addressing supply chain risks and impacts through investments 

that may include the matching of bi- and multi-lateral developmental 

aid with mandatory or voluntary fees, including fees collected through 

an innovative, GPSNR-endorsed rubber e-trade platform7. CFA is a global 

volunteer network established in 2002 to address financing challenges 

for biodiversity conservation in a sustainable manner. The grant provides 

expert mentorship as well as monetary support to recipients.

Throughout the year, Halcyon Agri regularly engaged in discussions with 

WWF and CFA and sought feedback from various industry stakeholders. 

Moving forward, Halcyon Agri will continue to contribute its industry 

expertise and supply chain connections to support WWF and its partners 

in designing a strategic framework for RTF. Halcyon Agri will also explore 

viable smallholder financing programs on the ground to complement the 

RTF framework.



46

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

ENGAGING OUR

SUPPLY CHAIN


8 

The Guidance for Sustainable Natural Rubber, developed by CCCMC-led experts team, is the first comprehensive and risk-oriented guidance in the 

global natural rubber field. It aims to provide the companies engaging in natural rubber investment, planting and processing with business policies, 

management frameworks, risk analysis, evaluation references and implementing methods for identifying, preventing and managing environmental, 

social and governance risks, so as to help them incorporate risk-oriented due diligence systems into their daily management activities, and achieve 

business compliance and sustainable development. It is available at http://www.cccmc.org.cn/docs/2017-11/20171107204714430892.pdf

9 

Percentage derived from comparing the annual sales volume of Halcyon Rubber Company with the whole Group.

10 Source: https://www.michelin.com/en/press-releases/michelin-continental-and-smag-create-a-joint-venture-to-develop-rubberway-the-

smartphone-application-designed-to-map-sustainability-practices-across-the-natural-rubber-industry/





China Chamber of Commerce of Metals, Minerals &amp; 

Chemicals Importers &amp; Exporters (CCCMC)

In 2020, Halcyon Agri collaborated with CCCMC to foster sustainable 

development for natural rubber. CCCMC is a state-level social 

organisation directly under the supervision of Ministry of Commerce of 

China. It has over 6,000 members and widely considered as the largest 

industry organisation in the fields of minerals, petrochemicals, building 

materials, and ceramic sanitary ware in China.

Through a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU), the collaboration 

will involve assessing Halcyon Agri’s policies and processes against 

CCCMC’s Guidance for Sustainable Natural Rubber

8 and providing 

advice in improving its practices. Halcyon Agri, in turn, will support 

CCCMC in refining the Guidance and implementation tools to benefit 

natural rubber companies more extensively.

Amongst the activities collaborated in 2020 are the benchmarking 

of CCCMC’s Guidance with HeveaPro Industrial Standards and 

international guidelines, pilot testing implementation tools in one of 

Halcyon Agri’s plantations and designing a stakeholder consultation 

framework to guide CCCMC in managing multi-stakeholder 

perspectives. The consultation framework was completed in 2020 

while the benchmarking and pilot testing has continued on in early 

2021. Halcyon Agri hopes that upon the completion of these activities, 

these tools can be applied in its operation and shared with the industry 

through CCCMC.

Smallholder Farmers

of the Group's outputs are 

supplied from smallholders

74%

The world uses 14 million mT of natural rubber every year. 80-85% of 

that global supply is produced by at least six million subsistence farmer 

households in developing economies. The Group source at least 74% 

of natural rubber supply from smallholder farmers.

9 We are acutely 

aware of the importance of the smallholders to the rubber industry, and 

are continuously engaging them to better understand their needs and 

concerns.

HeveaGROW

HeveaGROW is an initiative of HeveaConnect which is focused on 

curating and educating natural rubber smallholder farmers the best 

agronomical practices to protect trees and improve yields. HeveaGROW 

is the bridge to impart knowledge on best practices to smallholder 

farmers. By collaborating with SNV, a development organisation of 

the Netherlands government, with expertise in farmer programs, 

HeveaConnect is working with SNV to develop and provide digital 

training content for smallholder natural rubber farmers.

A total of five modules on Best Management Practices (BMP) were 

completed in 2020. These modules address key elements of rubber 

tapping, agroforestry, crop maintenance, pest management and 

natural rubber storage and processing. By digitising training material, 

HeveaConnect can offer this to a wider group. This would help the 

smallholder farmers to improve its plantation yields, which then translate 

to increased incomes and improved livelihoods.

HeveaConnect has also started collaboration with SNV, on their  

outreach program to educate smallholders on Good Agricultural 

Practices (GAP) utilising the video modules as part of their farmer training 

programs.

Sumatra Rubber Pilot

In July 2020, WWF and Halcyon Agri together with other supply chain 

stakeholders initiated a project to trace natural rubber from its sources 

(down to sub-district levels) to Halcyon Agri's factories in Jambi, and 

compare the source locations with conservation value data provided 

by WWF. The pilot project hopes to build on experience from the 

HeveaTrace and Rubberway® trials conducted in the previous year. The 

tracing exercise was completed in end-2020 and is the first of a multi-

phase self-funded initiative by Halcyon Agri and other participants. Next 

phases involve assessing and verifying environmental and social risks at 

points of origin and developing financing mechanisms and capacity-

building initiatives which will benefit the smallholder farmers.

Rubberway

® in Palembang, Indonesia

In late 2020, Halcyon Agri deployed Rubberway® in Palembang upon 

completion run in Jambi province earlier in the year. Through survey 

interviews with smallholder farmers, the initiative will help to better 

understand socio-environmental profile of upstream natural rubber 

supply chain in Palembang.

Rubberway

® is a technological solution that maps and assesses practices 

and risks regarding environmental issues, social affairs, and Corporate 

Social Responsibility governance throughout the natural rubber industry, 

along the natural rubber value chain

10.

Our field teams secured interviews with 844 smallholder farmers in 

2020. As a matter of protocol, farmers are assured of protection of 

their data privacy and are briefed on the purpose of the survey. Prior 

to holding interviews, our field teams procured written permission 

of village heads and adhered strictly to safe distancing and hygiene 

practices throughout the exercise. To ensure the safety and security of 

our field teams, they are directly supervised and monitored by factory 

teams and CSR coordinator-in-charge.



47

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

ENGAGING OUR

SUPPLY CHAIN

Continental and GIZ Partnership in Kalimantan, 

Indonesia

At the end of 2020, Halcyon Agri concluded its participation in  a 

3-year pilot sponsored and organised by Continental and GIZ aimed 

at establishing traceability of natural rubber from smallholder farmer 

communities located in West Kalimantan, Indonesia. The innovative 

tracing system facilitates rubber tracing from origin, thereby providing 

verification on source and quality. More than 400 smallholder farmers 

joined the programme and they were provided training by GIZ on good 

agricultural practices. According to GIZ, the training helped farmers to 

receive up to 15% more income from the rubber they produced

11.

Good Agricultural Practice Training

Teck Bee Hang, in partnership with the Rubber Authority of Thailand 

(RAOT), organised a training workshop in Yala for farmer dealers in 

2020 on how to produce good quality rubber through good agricultural 

practices. The workshop also provided a platform to communicate our 

sustainability policy to participants. The farmer dealers that attended 

the training represented between 150 to 200 smallholder farmer 

households in Southern Thailand.

In Ivory Coast, our SDCI factory staff conducted a 2-day training in June 

2020 to more than 60 smallholder farmers. The training programme 

was aimed at promoting awareness in three key areas: 

•  

Impact of contaminants to rubber quality; 

•  

Prohibition of child labour and forced labour in Halcyon Agri’s 

supply chain; and 

•  

Application of safe distancing and good hygiene measures to 

safeguard farmers and their families against COVID-19.

Cameroon Outgrower Programme

The programme aims to empower approximately 13,000 smallholder 

farmers by offering livelihood support through an intercropping model 

and partnering on ecological conservation. As of October 2020, 467 

farmers successfully passed the onboarding process by Proforest. The 

programme has been gathering momentum with first year candidates 

all set to start planting in 2021. Updates and more information is 

available in the website: https://www.corrie-maccoll.com/outgrower-

programme-update/.

Supplier Engagement

Corrie MacColl (CMC)

Corrie MacColl communicated its Sustainable Sourcing Policy to 

its business partners to inform them of the company’s standards 

expectiations. Continuing the collaboration with Rainforest Alliance an 

international NGO, CMC moved to the second phase with the release 

of an Implementation Manual and Strategic Actions Guide. The manual 

has been distributed to its top 20 suppliers in early 2021. CMC hopes 

to work closely with its business partners to implement pragmatic 

and appropriate actions in driving the sustainable development of the 

industry. More information is accessible in its website:

– https://www.corrie-maccoll.com/collaboratively-advancing-

sustainability-in-the-upstream/

– https://www.corrie-maccoll.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/01/SSP-

Implementation-Manual-2021.pdf

Halcyon Rubber Company (HRC)

HRC’s key customers are tyre majors. The company sources mainly 

from independent smallholder farmers. Under the HeveaPro Industrial 

Standards regime, our processing factories are regularly audited on 

supplier engagement practices. Among the criteria reviewed are: 

•  

Having an impartial and transparent supplier selection criteria in 

place; 

•  

Communication of our policies and code of conduct with suppliers;  

and 

•  

Determining the identity of sellers, the volumes they sell and origin 

of raw material delivered to our factories.

Example of supplier engagement process with suppliers in Indonesia

Surat Pernyataan Suppliers

Kami menjamin bahwa karet yang kami bawa dan jual ke 

perusahaan adalah benar-benar bebas dari:

1.  Pekerja di bawah umur (anak-anak)

2.  Pekerja paksa

3.  Diskriminasi

4.  Tindakan/kegiatan korupsi

5.  Perusakan lingkungan dan memperhatikan Keselamatan 

dan Kesehatan Kerja

 

4-11-2019

Palembang,...........................

 

Yang menyatakan,

 

Supplier signature

 

......................................

English translation:

Suppliers Statement

We guarantee that the rubber we bring and sell to the 

company is free from:

1.  Underage workers

2.  Forced labor

3.  Discrimination

4.  Corrupt Acts/Activities

5.  Environmental destruction and pay attention to 

Occupational Safety and Health

 

Signed by supplier

It is also mandatory for the factories to engage in upstream economic 

activities with their suppliers (including farmers) by assisting in 

improving market access for rubber smallholders and disseminating 

good agricultural practices through training or knowledge sharing.

11 

https://www.giz.de/en/mediacenter/89961.html

48

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

ENGAGING OUR  SUPPLY CHAIN


Environmental Management System

Halcyon Agri actively manages the eco-efficiency and climate 

change aspects via its environmental management systems which 

are implemented throughout our operations. The monitoring of the 

system's efficiency is enabled through certification on HeveaPro 

Environment, Health and Safety industrial standards and ISO14001. 

Since 2018, we have managed to secure ISO14001 certification for 

additional three processing sites. Our progress was not as swift as 

expected due to competing priorities and the impact of COVID-19 

which has lasted for more than a year now. Given that there are 

eight more sites (including a new Sudcam factory) to be certified for 

ISO14001, our target to have all processing factories certified by 2021 is 

unlikely to be achievable. Despite the delays, we remain committed and 

have since re-evaluated our internal resources thoroughly. We target to 

obtain ISO14001 certification for all eight sites by end of 2025.

We continuously measure and monitor our performance in managing 

water resources, inputs and impacts, and strive to achieve energy 

efficiency and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Further information on 

our HeveaPro performance on water, effluent and energy management 

is reported in TÜV SÜD’s audit findings performed for 2019-2020.

Water Resources Management

Over 90% of our water consumption are related to our rubber 

processing activities. This is because a large volume of water are 

required to remove physical impurities from rubber to meet quality 

requirements. As most of our factories are located in urban or  

semi-urban areas, and with the looming threat of climate change to 

our communities, it is crucial for us to manage our water resources 

responsibly. 

Our processing sites draw water primarily from surface water 

bodies and discharge them back to the same source. Surface water 

consumption is supplemented by drawing from local water utilities 

where available. Through our onsite teams, we actively track our water 

consumption in our processing sites as frequently as possible, and at 

least on a shift basis.

In our plantations, the main water sources include surface water 

and groundwater. These sources are used for field operations and 

domestic consumption. Water-related impacts are identified through 

environmental impact assessments mandated by laws applicable to our 

operations. They are subsequently managed through local government-

approved environmental management plans. In all countries where 

we operate, our processing operations with wastewater treatment 

facilities must meet the specific effluent quality standards imposed by 

the relevant regulatory authorities. We are also required to monitor 

groundwater quality, and surface water quality, and report these to the 

local authorities. 

Building on Halcyon Agri’s partnership with Alliance for Water 

Stewardship at processing sites, we have decided to obtain certification 

for our Cameroon and Malaysia plantations in 2020. Hevecam has 

secured AWS Gold certification while JFL is currently undergoing 

certification process which is expected to complete by mid-2021. These 

third party certifications, which are beyond the regulatory requirement, 

demonstrates our commitment to consume natural resources 

responsibly, and help us to monitor the sustainability criteria of the 

Deutsche Bank sustainability-linked loan secured by Corrie MacColl in 

2020.

Water Withdrawal and Intensity

‘000 m3

Processing

Plantations

Group

Surface water

8,437

691

9,128

Groundwater

450

931

1,381

Third party water

362

–

362

Total

9,249

1,622

10,871

Water Use Intensity

Water use intensity = Volume of water withdrawn divided by mT of 

product or ha of cultivated area.

Processing

(m3/mT of product)

Plantations

(m3/ha. of cultivated area)

11.50

45.03

Water Withdrawal, Volumes And Sources

Ground 

Water

Surface

Water

Third Party 

Water

Group

1,381

362

9,128

Plantation

691

931

Processing

450

362

8,437

2,000

-

4,000

6,000

8,000

10,000

12,000

(in ’000 m

3)

Using World Resources Institute's Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas  

(https://www.wri.org/aqueduct), we confirm that all our processing and 

plantations are located in areas with &lt;10% water stress.

49

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability





ECO-EFFICIENCY AND

CLIMATE CHANGE

Chemicals and Effluents

For plantations, we use mainly solid state fertilisers, while fungicides, herbicides and pesticides are primarily in liquid form for application across our 

estates. A list of fertilisers and pesticides used at our plantations are presented in the table below.

Fertiliser

Herbicides

Fungicides

Insecticides

– Nitrogen, Phosphorous and Potassium (kg)

– YaraMila Complex (kg)

– Glyphosphate (L)

– Sodium Chlorate (kg)

– 2,4-Dichlorophenoxyacetic acid (kg)

– Mancozeb (L)

– Difenoconazole (kg)

Lambda-Cyhalothrine (L)

For processing operations, chemicals in solid and liquid forms (mainly Ammonia, formic acid and Deorub solutions) are used in crumb rubber and 

latex production. Ammonia is used for latex preservation while formic acid aids in latex coagulation. Deorub application helps to mitigate odour in 

processing sites. 

Solid form of hydrated lime, hydroxylamine sulphate and caustic soda are the major chemicals use at our processing sites. Hydrated lime prevents 

rubber crumbs from sticking together. Hydroxylamine sulphate is used for TSR grades requiring constant viscosity while caustic soda is generally 

used in cleaning of equipment. 

Since reporting setbacks in effluent quality standards in Africa, our EHS department, with the support from senior leadership, have requested factory 

teams to report progress and the status of approved action plans for waste water management, at first on a weekly then monthly basis. Desludging 

works in Ivory Coast and discussions for the planned Activated Sludge System in Cameroon continued to be implemented despite the disruptions 

brought about by COVID-19 throughout 2020. We are pleased to report that the desludging works in Ivory Coast have been completed in January 

2021. The local team has promptly proceeded to rehabilitate the lagoons and are working closely with the local authorities to implement the best 

management practices. 

At our Cameroon operations, effluent quality improved during the second half of the year. This was achieved by increasing the efficiency of  

pre-treatment resulting in less load on the wastewater treatment plant and maintenance of existing ponds. Given the proven effectiveness of 

these measures which have a lower expenditure, the proposed investment in an Activated Sludge System has been put on hold. The onsite team is 

monitoring the long term effectiveness of such measures in meeting the effluent quality standards. The EHS department shall continue to use its best 

efforts to monitor group-wide compliance with environmental regulations through consistent monthly reporting.



50

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

ECO-EFFICIENCY AND CLIMATE CHANGE


Energy Consumption

Natural rubber production is energy intensive. To maintain operational continuity, we consume multiple energy sources where it is locally accessible 

and reliable. Electricity consumption is measured through metered connections from the national grid. Site teams measure fuel consumption 

through duly-calibrated meters and weighing scales and reported to our Halcyon Data Centre. Our largest energy source is from purchased 

electricity, which comprises approximately 38% of the energy requirements across the years. The next significant contribution comes from natural 

gas used primarily for drying process at our factories. With access to biomass (palm kernel) in Indonesia, we steadily increased its application for our 

dry process infrastructure, supplementing fuel and gas consumption over time. In 2020, biomass consumption accounted for 9% of our total energy 

needs, up from 4% in 2017. Our liquid fuels, mainly diesel, are used for dryers and on-site generators either for back up purpose or as main electricity 

source at off-grid locations. Across our plantations, the primary energy source is liquid fuels (mainly diesel and petrol). Overall, we have maintained 

an energy intensity of between 1.76 and 1.80 GJ of energy consumed per mT of natural rubber produced in the last four years.

Energy and Emissions

Electricity

Gas

Solid Fuels (Coal)

Biomass (Palm Kernel)

Liquid Fuels (Diesel, Petrol)

Energy Consumption

Total Energy Consumption (TJ)

Energy Intensity (GJ/mT of Product)

Energy Intensity

(in terajoules TJ)

1,485

1,475

1,546

1,598

 

 

 

 

  

2017

2018

2019

2020

1,485 

137

33

316

436

563

549

414

284

82

147

1,475

1,546

147

77

231

516

575

624

607

219

83

64

1,598

2017

2018

2019

2020

1.80

1.80

1.80

1.76

(in gigajoules per mT of product)

(in TJ)

51

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability





ECO-EFFICIENCY AND

CLIMATE CHANGE

12 World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) and World Resource Institute (WRI). The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate 

Accounting and Reporting Standard. Revised Edition. Source: https://ghgprotocol.org/corporate-standard

13 Source: https://www.gov.uk/government/collections/government-conversion-factors-for-company-reporting

Greenhouse Gas Emissions

Climate change and global warming remain the key concern across our supply chain. We are committed in reducing our emissions over the long 

term. Our greenhouse gas emissions calculations applied guidance from The Greenhouse Gas Protocol

12. Fuel emission factors for each reported 

year were taken from the UK Government GHG Conversion factors for Company Reporting

13 while grid emission factors were obtained primarily 

from the Institute for Global Environmental Strategies (IGES) List of Grid Emission Factors and Trucost. The largest contribution to total emissions 

comes from our Scope 2 emissions (purchased electricity) with an average of 70% across the years. Scope 1 emissions (direct emissions) account for 

about 30% in 2020. As we improve the robustness of our data, we plan to use the average annual emissions between 2018 and 2020 as our baseline. 

Such approach is in line with guidance provided in The Greenhouse Gas Protocol. We chose these years as benchmark, as they are in line with 

efficiency benchmarking initiatives which the Group initiated in 2020 to track our performance.

GHG emissions intensity decreased steadily over a four-year period with 2020 at 0.213 tCO2e per mT of product. When compared on a per revenue 

basis, our emissions intensity increased from 2017 with 2020 at 0.103 tCO2e per US$1,000 of revenue. We will continue exploring initiatives to help 

bring down our greenhouse gas emissions over time. Initiatives such as dryer retrofitting is one option as it not only provides efficiency gains but also 

operational flexibility due to its ability to combust natural gas or biomass alongside or as a replacement to liquid fuels.

Scope 2 

(Purchased Electricity)

Scope 1 

(Natural Gas)

Scope 1 

(Solid Fuels – Coal)

Scope 1 (Biomass – Palm Kernel)

Scope 1 

(Solid Fuels – Petrol)

Greenhouse Gas Emissions

mT CO2 equivalent (tCO2e) / US$ '000

tCO2e / mT  of product

GHG emissions intensity (per mT )

GHG emissions intensity (per US$'000)

Greenhouse Gas Emissions Intensities

 

 

 

 

 

 

2017

2018

2019

2020

(in mT CO2 equivalent (tCO2e))

0.213

0.103

0.093

0.214

0.093

0.225

0.086

0.211

0.12

0.12

0.11

0.11

0.10

0.10

0.09

0.09

0.08

2017

2018

2019

2020

0.230

0.225

0.210

0.205

0.200

0.220

0.215

 

135,982

34,111

16,100

13,460

461

200,116

12,543

659

183,621

17,087

28,300

125,031 

119,332

22,534

20,948

13,429

445

176,689

5,288

766

175,436

23,285

23,653

122,445

52

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

ECO-EFFICIENCY AND CLIMATE CHANGE


New Eco-Efficient Factory in Cameroon

Operation at the new Sudcam factory in Cameroon started at the 

beginning of 2021 despite facing headwinds from the COVID-19 

pandemic. With an annual capacity of 37,500 mT of concentrated latex, 

the facility will focus on supplying to manufacturers of specialty product 

and dipping applications for the European and North American markets.

The factory is designed to enable optimal energy and water use and 

minimal environmental impacts. Eco-efficient features installed in the 

factory include: 

• 

100 KW solar power for auxiliary infrastructure such as lighting

• 

Effluent water recycling and reuse

• 

Rainwater harvesting and groundwater recharging 

• 

Sludge activated waste water treatment plant

• 

Soil erosion control through judicious landscape planning 

• 

Dryer exhaust scrubber system to mitigate odour emissions

More information is available in the website: https://www.corrie-

maccoll.com/sudcams-state-of-the-art-factory-in-operation/ 

Efforts Towards Carbon Neutrality

In 2020, Corrie MacColl Plantations and Rainforest Alliance jointly 

completed a study with the objective to determine the supply chain 

greenhouse gas (GHG) balance of our plantations in Cameroon. The 

goal was to understand the carbon sequestration potential of rubber 

trees, and how it compares with GHG emissions from cultivation 

activities. The study also provided opportunities to achieve carbon 

neutrality across the supply chain.

Summary findings concluded that the estimated carbon sequestration 

in the existing rubber systems in Cameroon far outweighed the GHG 

emissions associated with the cultivation and processing of rubber. 

However, when taking into account emissions from historical land use 

change this positive balance is quickly negated. Rainforest Alliance has 

provided recommendations to Corrie MacColl to aid in its efforts in 

addressing the climate impacts. Rainforest Alliance’s report is available 

from this website: https://www.corrie-maccoll.com/understanding-

our-carbon-footprint-with-rainforest-alliance/.



53

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability





ECO-EFFICIENCY AND

CLIMATE CHANGE

As a responsible and accountable company, Halcyon Agri recognises the need to balance economic profitability and social equity, while protecting 

the environment and maintaining strict compliance to laws and regulations in areas where we operate. We approach this important responsibility in 

three key ways: Protect natural capital through good agricultural practices, policies and processes; Use our resources and influence to impact the 

community in positive ways; and Create value and build relationships with the community through outreach activities.

Protecting Our Natural Capital

The Group has responsibility over land area of close to 110,000 ha across Cameroon, Malaysia and Ivory Coast. Approximately 61% of our total land 

concessions are set aside for conservation. These include High Carbon Stock (HCS) and High Conservation Value (HCV) areas, a 25,000-hectare 

Community Forest established by Halcyon Agri within the Sudcam concession, and agroforest and primary forest land designated by the Ivorian 

government for conservation.

As a standard practice, our plantation teams conduct regular patrols of the concessions to prevent deforestation and illegal activities. to strengthen 

ground surveillance activities, our CEO – Corrie MacColl Plantations in Q1 2021 engaged the services of a prominent global technology company 

which provides services and software for landscapes monitoring including deforestation. Utilising mapping and satellite data, the service provider 

will provide CMC Group with annual report starting from 2019. Halcyon Agri delivers its no deforestation commitment through its best efforts in 

implementing robust, practical and credible ways.

An overview of our land concessions and Conservation areas are provided below.

Land Concessions

Plantation name

Hevecam

Sudcam

JFL

TRCI

Location

Niete, Cameroon

Meyomessala, Cameroon

Kelantan, Malaysia

Abidjan, 

Ivory Coast

Year established

1975

2008

2013

1975

Concessions (ha)

Niete

40,992

Central

36,998

Ulu 

Nenggiri

3,775

1,580

Bissiang

7,643

Lebir

2,453

Elogbatindi

3,972

North

8,200

Ulu 

Temiang

2,023

Laloh

1,593

Total concession

52,607

45,198

9,844

1,580

Land Allocation (ha)

Plantation

Conservation areas

Infrastructure

50,000

40,000

30,000

20,000

10,000

–

Hevecam

950

21,652

30,955

TRCI 

JFL

574

2,216

7,053

Sudcam

744

9,768

34,686

1,800

1,600

1,200

1,000

800

–

1,400

600

400

200

1,340

160

80



54

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

COMMUNITIES  

AND LANDSCAPES


Biodiversity Values

Hevecam and Sudcam concessions are located in the Southern region of Cameroon. Hevecam’s Niete concession is located on the edge of Campo 

Ma’an National Park, an area known for its rich biological diversity. From BirdLife International’s database

14, a total of 200 species of birds have been 

recorded from the National Park, and more than another 100 from adjacent buffer zones. Non-aviary threatened species include mammals such as 

Loxondonta africana (EN), common in the south-west of the park, and primates including Mandrillus sphinx, Colobus satanas (VU) and Gorilla gorilla 

(EN).

Sudcam concession, through the Dja river, shares approximately 33 kilometers of natural boundary with the Dja biosphere reserve, a UNESCO world 

heritage site since 1987. The Dja reserve is habitat to a wide variety of primates which include the western lowland gorilla, red-capped mangabey, 

black and white colobus monkey and chimpanzee. Other mammals in the reserve include elephant, bongo, buffalo, leopard, warthog, giant forest 

hog and pangolin. Among the resident bird population are Bates’s weaver, found only in Southern Cameroon and reptile inhabitants including 

python, lizard and two species of crocodile-both of which are threatened.

15

JFL’s land concession is located in Kelantan, a rural state in the north eastern part of Malaysia. The Lebir concession in particular is located in the 

Lebir Forest Reserve, a habitat known to be the home of endangered species such as the Malayan tiger.

Summary list of threatened species which can be or potentially be found in Halcyon Agri’s land concessions.

16

No

Specie

IUCN Red List

No

Specie

IUCN Red List

Mammals

Birds

1

Western lowland gorilla

CR

24

Helmeted hornbill

CR

2

Malayan tiger

CR

25

Great slaty woodpecker

VU

3

Chimpanzee

EN

26

Large green pigeon

VU

4

Asian elephant

EN

27

Chestnut-naped forktail

NT

5

White-handed gibbon

EN

28

Great argus

NT

6

Siamang

EN

29

Buff-vented bulbul

NT

7

Pangolin

EN

30

Scarlet-rumped trogon

NT

8

Malayan tapir

EN

31

Ren-naped trogon

NT

9

Bronze skink

EN

32

White-crowned hornbill

NT

10

Leopard

EN

33

Rhinoceros hornbill

NT

11

African Forest elephant

VU

34

Green broadbill

NT

12

Pig-tailed macaque

VU

35

Black and red broadbill

NT

13

Oriental small-clawed otter

VU

36

Black and yellow broadbill

NT

14

Sunda slow loris

VU

37

Black hornbill

NT

15

Banded civet

VU

38

Great hornbill

NT

16

Asian small clawed otter

VU

Reptiles and Amphibians

17

Southern serow

VU

40

Giant slippery frog

EN

18

White-thighed langur

NT

41

Oriental garden lizard

EN

19

Dusky leaf monkey

NT

42

Golden-ringed cat snake

EN

20

Sun bear, Honey bear

NT

43

Reticulated phython

EN

21

Cream-coloured giant squirrel

NT

44

King cobra

VU

22

Asian golden cat

NT

45

Monocled cobra

VU

23

Masked palm civet

NT

46

Blyth’s river frog

NT

47

Peat swamp frog

NT

48

Asian leaf turtle

NT

Legend

CR

Critically Endangered

Excluded from the list but clearly part of Halcyon Agri’s biodiversity management activities 

are a number of threatened species identified as Least Concern by IUCN. These include 

the Barking deer, Leopard cat, toads and various flora such as Machang, Jelutong and and 

the orchid, Bromheadia finlaysoniana.

EN

Endangered

VU

Vulnerable

NT

Near Threatened

14 BirdLife International Data Zone. http://datazone.birdlife.org/site/factsheet/6134 Visited: 22 March 2021.

15 IUCN, https://www.iucn.org/content/staving-threats-cameroons-natural-riches Visited: 22 March 2021

16 Reference from the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), Red List of Threatened Species, http://www.iucnredlist.org



55

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

COMMUNITIES  

AND LANDSCAPES

Conservation Practices

Halcyon Agri, through Corrie MacColl Plantations, maintains and adheres 

to its plantation management guidelines for all its land concessions. 

These plans integrate biodiversity management which cover the following 

activities: Integrated pest management (IPM), Landscape monitoring, and 

Protection of waterways through buffer zones.

Integrated Pest Management

Our Malaysian concessions make use of cover crops such as Puerara 

javanica and Centosema pubescens whose flowers attract beneficial 

insects like wasps that help control insect pest population. The 

plantation also introduced the use of Mucuna bracteata, a leguminous 

plant widely used in oil palm plantations in Malaysia. The plant is mainly 

used to protect land from soil erosion which makes it an effective 

method to maintain overall soil quality and promote nitrogen fixation. 

The legume’s physical characteristics also prevent invasion of beetles 

after oil palm replanting.

17

In Cameroon, some cover crops such as Mucuna bracteata and 

Pueraria Phaseoloides are considered invasive species. In response to 

UNESCO’s report entitled “Impacts des activites agro-industrielles de 

Sud Cameroun Hévéa sur le site du patrimoine mondial de la Reserve 

de Faune du Dja, Cameroun”, Sudcam has committed to removal 

and eradication of these invasive plants for to protect the ecological 

balance.

Due to nationwide lockdown amid COVID-19 pandemic, the initial 

estimated completion timeline of July 2020 was not attainable. 

Notwithstanding, we have successfully removed around 70% of the 

cover crops at our 2012 and 2013 plantings. The work is primarily 

carried out manually as we do not use any form of chemical weeding 

practices under our policy. Given the disruptions to manpower supply, 

we hope to complete the work by 2021. While we have not yet identified 

any alternative cover crops apart from these invasive plants, we remain 

committed in exploring other alternatives.

Apart from these biological and mechanical controls, we strive to 

apply responsible pesticide application in plantations. In line with 

our commitment to minimise the use of fertilisers and pesticides and 

prohibit the use of chemicals and pesticides listed under the Stockholm 

Convention, Rotterdam Convention and World Health Organisation 

(WHO) Class 1A &amp; 1B, we apply the following standard operational 

practices and approaches:

• 

Spraying of pesticides with broadcast spraying of non-specific 

pesticides as last resort,

• 

Application of synthetic pesticides only as required and often only 

at specific life cycle patterns of a pest,

• 

Progressively increasing use of pesticides from plant-derived or 

naturally occurring substances, and

• 

Taking guidance from the Sustainable Agriculture Network’s (SAN) 

pesticide lists following the SAN 2017 Sustainable Agriculture 

Standard.

Fire Prevention and Suppression

In line with its commitment to zero deforestation and protection of forest 

areas, Halcyon Agri monitors fires and plays an active role in mitigating 

its occurrence in all our concessions. Cameroon and Malaysia, being 

tropical countries, experience both rainy and dry seasons. Climate data 

from World Bank show average monthly temperatures and rainfall from 

1901 up to 2016.

18

In 2020, our concession in Malaysia reported zero incidences while our 

Cameroon concessions reported a total of nine forest fire incidents. 

Eight occurred in the first quarter of the year while the last incident was 

reported in August. In recent years, our Cameroon concessions have 

been experiencing drought-like situations with an average rainfall of 

between 1,300 to 1,400mm per year. Whilst most incidents occurred 

generally in periods with low rainfall and hot temperatures, fire incidents 

could occur anytime.

Our plantations have dedicated teams on the ground to monitor fires 

on a daily basis. As standard practice, fire incidents are reported to 

plantation heads and local authorities within 24 hours. Weather is 

also closely monitored with the weather station at Hevecam. When 

incidents are reported, fire-fighting teams will be deployed immediately 

on site to suppress the fire. Incident investigations are also carried 

out by EHS teams to determine root cause and corrective actions to 

prevent recurrence. We regularly conduct training activities to maintain 

preparedness of our teams against fires. More information is available 

in our website: https://www.corrie-maccoll.com/fire-monitoring-and-

management/

17 Source: http://www.aarsb.com.my/legume-mucuna-bracteata

18 Source: https://climateknowledgeportal.worldbank.org/

JanFebMar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

–

50

100

150

200

250

300

Temperatures (degree C)

Rainfall (mm)

Rainfall (mm)

Temperature (degree C)

Cameroon 

Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec

24.2

24.4

24.8

25.0

25.4

25.6

25.8

–

100

200

250

300

350

400

Temperatures (degree C)

Rainfall (mm)

Rainfall (mm)

Temperature (degree C)

Malaysia

24.6

25.2

26.0

150

50

1901-2016

Average monthly temperature and rainfall

56

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

COMMUNITIES AND LANDSCAPES


Watercourse Buffer Zones

It is our policy to have buffer zones in watercourses in our concessions. 

In accordance with local regulations and forest management 

standards, these buffer zones act as riparian corridors for essential 

wildlife movement and promote stability of river banks as they could 

mitigate soil erosion and provide stability to meandering features of 

watercourses.

The width of the buffer zones (for each side of the watercourse) 

depends on local regulation. In our Cameroon plantations, buffer zones 

have at least 30-meter width while in Malaysia it varies between 5 and 

50 meters depending on watercourse size.

Respecting Human Rights

Grievance Mechanism

In 2020, we disclosed our grievance resolution procedure which address 

concerns from stakeholders in a systematic and transparent manner. 

Managed by the Sustainability Department, the procedure outlines three 

key stages:

Stage One: 

Identification and Review of Potential Grievance

Stage Two: 

Investigation Process

Stage Three: 

Resolution and Monitoring Process

The process flow provides specific timelines at each stage, targets 

to achieve and implement agreed monitoring activities within a 6 to 

12-month period. At the time of this publication, a total of 14 cases 

have been reported coming from our plantation business with 11 active 

and three cases already closed. The last grievance case received was in 

February 2020. Grievance cases are publicly reported at Halcyon Agri’s 

website: https://www.halcyonagri.com/sustainability/sustainability-

grievances/.

For our processing activities, all our HeveaPro-certified sites have open, 

transparent and independent grievance mechanisms in place with 

access to remedy. From the 2019-2020 external audit program, it was 

observed that majority of our HeveaPro-certified sites communicate 

grievance procedures to workers and local community. While 

communication to workers was practised widely, communication to 

external stakeholders was limited. We have taken the findings positively 

and strive to improve based on suggestions received from the external 

auditors.

One potential area of grievance is odour emissions from our processing 

sites. We closely monitor and mitigate the impact with active odour 

treatment along the rubber production process as well as preventive 

maintenance of air scrubbers. Even with engineering controls and 

practices in place, odours may still potentially reach nearby local 

communities and result in dissentment.

The single grievance reported in our global operations happened 

in March. Our factory in Hainan, China received a non-monetary 

violation notice from local authority due to complaints from the local 

community on odour. To ensure compliance, the factory is upgrading 

its wet line scrubber system to mitigate the cause of odour from its 

factory operations. Installation of the system is under way and due to be 

completed by 2021. We remain committed to address and rectify issues 

promptly not just to comply with regulations but also to maintain a 

harmonious relationship with local community.

Complementing our online grievance system, our Cameroonian 

plantation teams, in partnership with APED

19 for Hevecam and APIFED

20 

for Sudcam, also implemented oral-based grievance reporting 

processes. This ensures our procedure remains inclusive by ensuring 

stakeholder feedback is received regardless of literacy levels. More 

information on work with APED and APIFED is available in the website:

– https://www.corrie-maccoll.com/progress-across-mighty-earth-

sustainability-accord/

– https://www.corrie-maccoll.com/apifed-partnership/

In Malaysia, JFL team conducted stakeholder consultations as part of 

Malaysian Sustainable Palm Oil (MSPO) certification. Since securing 

certification in 2020, JFL continues to implement its stakeholder 

engagement plan including grievances management. More information 

is available in the website: https://www.corrie-maccoll.com/jfl-receives-

mspo-for-sustainable-palm-oil/.

Through partnerships and programs, we will continue to maintain open 

and transparent communication channels with our key stakeholders.

Food Security

Land provides a universal means of livelihood. To ensure Halcyon 

Agri’s activities do not compromise local food supplies, our plantations 

provide market access, income generation activities and good 

agricultural practices to local communities.

Since its establishment in 1975, Hevecam has been developing a food 

sourcing network. The plantation provides market areas for local 

vendors to sell food to the plantation population and also provides 

transportation for villagers to visit the local (Nlongo) market.

Sudcam operates and maintains bursar shops at workers’ camps to 

administer distribution of essential food items. They also partnered with 

state authorities to establish and support local residents’ food crops 

plantations. Sudcam has also initiated a program of income-generating 

activities to combat poaching in collaboration with Dja Reserve 

managers.

Furthermore, the Cameroon Outgrower Programme, which is an 

initiative of Corrie MacColl, provides integrated farming opportunities 

that not only support livelihoods of local communities but also provide 

food crops and livestock rearing opportunities during the gestation 

period of the rubber trees. More information on the program is available 

online:

– https://www.corrie-maccoll.com/cameroon-outgrower-

programme-overview/

– https://www.corrie-maccoll.com/sustainability/rubber-smallholders/

In Malaysia, our Kelantan concessions received the Malaysian 

Sustainable Palm Oil certification which mandate good agricultural 

practices and environmental conservation measures. More information 

is available online: https://www.corrie-maccoll.com/jfl-receives-mspo-

for-sustainable-palm-oil/.

19 Appui pour la Protection de l’Environnement et le Développement

20 Appui à l’autopromotion et l’insertion des femmes, des jeunes et des désœuvrés



57

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

COMMUNITIES  

AND LANDSCAPES

Building Community

Despite the disruption of COVID-19 pandemic, we continued to support 

community building activities. These activities include apprenticeship 

and skills transfer, health and cultural promotion.

Africa 

Our factory sponsored a handwashing campaign at three elementary 

schools in the Grand Bouboury village. Dubbed “Hand Washing Day”, the 

campaign aimed to inculcate good hygiene practices amongst children 

especially during the pandemic period.

China 

Our Banna factory subsidised RMB50,000 for the construction of piped 

water to Dai village. Located near the factory, the water infrastructure 

is expected to benefit 175 households comprising over 1,000 people. 

Prior to construction of this pipeline, the villagers sourced for water 

through manual and labour-intensive ways. The piped system will offer 

convenient, reliable and safe water sources to the villagers.

Southeast Asia

In Indonesia, PT. Rubber Hock Lie Sunggal organised and sponsored 

a food distribution program for the benefit of the under-privileged 

in Tanjung Gusta and Lalang villages. The campaign was initiated to 

celebrate the Muslim festivities, Eid al-Fitr by spreading joy to the less 

fortunate. The factory also extended food packages to its workers to 

show solidarity with local culture. Cycling clubs was founded in PT. 

Hok Tong Plaju and PT. Sunan Rubber to promote healthy lifestyle and 

encourage workers to stay fit and healthy during the pandemic.

In Malaysia, a pioneering staff volunteering program was launched in 

July 2020 to encourage staff to volunteer their time, knowledge and 

skills for the local communities. The program issues a volunteer card 

to every staff. As an incentive, staff will receive rewards when they 

accumulate a certain number of volunteer activities.

In Thailand, Teck Bee Hang head office organised a two-month event 

for the staff to make face shields and donate to a local hospital. In 

addition, cognisant of the impact of the pandemic to under-privileged 

communities, a food distribution campaign was organised by the staff 

in May. The activity involved setting up a pantry outside the office and 

offering food for free to those in need.



58

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

COMMUNITIES AND LANDSCAPES


The table below lists Halcyon Agri's third-party audited sites on international certifications and standards relevant to the Group's key ESG factors. 

They are accurate as of the date of publication of this annual report.

    International Certifications

No

Site Name

Code

Location

Supply Chain

ISO9001

ISO14001

OHSAS18001/

ISO45001

HeveaPro*

China

1

Hainan Sinochem 

Rubber

CX

Hainan

Processing

Y

Y

Y

2

Xishuangbanna 

Sinochem Rubber

BX

Yunnan

Processing

Y

Y

Y

Y

3

Xishuangbanna 

Sinochem Rubber

BX2M

Yunnan

Processing

Y

Y

Y

4

Xishuangbanna 

Sinochem Rubber

BX3T

Yunnan

Processing

Y

Y

Y

5

Xishuangbanna 

Sinochem Rubber

BX4L

Yunnan

Processing

Y

Y

Y

6

Xishuangbanna 

Sinochem Rubber

BX5R

Yunnan

Processing

Y

Y

Y

Indonesia

7

PT Hevea MK I

SDR

Palembang

Processing

Y

Y

Y

8

PT Hevea MK II

SEA

Palembang

Processing

Y

Y

Y

9

PT Hok Tong (Plaju)

SCX

Palembang

Processing

Y

Y

Y

10

PT Hok Tong 

(Keramasan)

SGO

Palembang

Processing

Y

Y

Y

11

PT Remco Rubber 

Indonesia

SDQ

Palembang

Processing

Y

Y

Y

12

PT Sunan Rubber

SCY

Palembang

Processing

Y

Y

Y

13

PT Remco Rubber 

Indonesia

SBG

Jambi

Processing

Y

Y

Y

14

PT Hok Tong

SCL

Jambi

Processing

Y

Y

Y

15

PT Hok Tong

KAZ

Pontianak

Processing

Y

Y

Y

16

PT Rubber Hock Lie

SDH

Medan

Processing

Y

Y

Y

17

PT Rubber Hock Lie

SCM

Rantau Prapat

Processing

Y

Y

Y

18

PT Pulau Bintan 

Djaya

SAR

Bintan

Processing

Y

Y

19

PT GMG Sentosa

KBM

Pontianak

Processing

Y

Y

20

PT Bumi Jaya

KBQ

Tanjung

Processing

Y

Y

Y

21

PT Sumber Djantin 

(Sanggau)

KBP

Pontianak

Processing

Y

Y

Y

* HeveaPro Industrial Standards apply to natural rubber processing only.

ISO9001: Quality Management System

ISO14001: Environmental Management System

OHSAS18001/ISO45001: Occupational Health &amp; Safety Management System

ISO17025: Technical competence on quality management system for testing and calibration laboratories

MSPO: Malaysian Sustainable Palm Oil Certification

59

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability





INTERNATIONAL

CERTIFICATIONS AND STANDARDS

    International Certifications

No

Site Name

Code

Location

Supply Chain

ISO9001

ISO14001

OHSAS18001/

ISO45001

HeveaPro*

22

PT Sumber Djantin  

(Sambas)

KBE

Pontianak

Processing

Y

Y

Y

23

PT Sumber Djantin

KAB

Pontianak

Processing

Y

Y

Y

24

PT Sumber Alam

KBD

Pontianak

Processing

Y

Y

Y

Malaysia

25

Hevea KB I &amp; II

HL1

Ipoh

Processing

Y

Y

Y

Y

26

Euroma

JJ

Kedah

Processing

Y

Y

Y

27

JFL

JFL

Kelantan

Plantation

Cerfified MSPO for Oil Palm

Thailand

28

Teck Bee Hang

H1T

Thung Song

Processing

Y

Y

Y

29

Teck Bee Hang

H2Y

Yala

Processing

Y

Y

30

Teck Bee Hang

H6N

Narathiwat

Processing

Y

Y

31

Teck Bee Hang

H7P

Pattani

Processing

Y

32

Teck Bee Hang

H8S

Suratthani

Processing

Y

Y

Y

Y

West and Central Africa

33

Hevea Cameroun

HVC

Niete, 

Cameroon

Processing 

&amp; Plantation

Y

Y

34

Sudcam

SDC

Meyomessala, 

Cameroon

Plantation

35

Societe De 

Developpment Du 

Caoutchouc Ivorien 

(Anguédédou)

SDCI-A

Anguédédou, 

Cote D'Ivoire

Processing

Y

Y

36

Societe De 

Developpment Du 

Caoutchouc Ivorien 

(Bouboury)

SDCI-B

Bouboury, 

Dabou, Cote 

D'Ivoire

Processing

Y

Y

Europe and Americas

38

Kelvin Terminals B.V.

Terneuzen, 

Netherlands

Distribution

Y

Y

Y

39

Corrie MacColl 

North America, Inc.

Norfolk, 

Virginia, 

USA

Distribution

Y

40

Corrie MacColl 

Deutschland GmbH

Eschborn, 

Germany

Distribution

Y

41

Corrie MacColl 

Europe B.V.

Zaandam, 

Netherlands

Distribution

Y

42

Momentum 

Technologies 

Laboratories, Inc.

Ohio, USA

Distribution

ISO 17025

60

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

INTERNATIONAL CERTIFICATIONS AND STANDARDS


GRI Standard

Disclosure

Location or Reason(s) for Omission

Page

References

SDGs

UNGC

GRI 101: Foundation 2016

General Disclosures

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

Organizational profile

102-1 Name of the organization

Halcyon Agri Corporation Limited

3,6,10

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and 

services

Halcyon Agri at a Glance

4-6

3,6,10

102-3 Location of headquarters

Corporate Information

Address: 180 Clemenceau Avenue 

#05-02 Haw Par Centre 

Singapore 239922

3,6,10

102-4 Location of operations

Halcyon Agri at a Glance

5

3,6,10

102-5 Ownership and legal form

Corporate Structure

69-71

3,6,10

102-6 Markets served

Halcyon Agri at a Glance

4-6

3,6,10

102-7 Scale of the organization

Halcyon Agri at a Glance

4-6

3,6,10

102-8 Information on employees and other 

workers

Human Capital

39-40

3,6,10

102-9 Supply chain

https://www.halcyonagri.com/

what-we-do/natural-rubber-

supply-chain/

3,6,10

102-10 Significant changes to the 

organization and its supply chain

About The Report

1

3,6,10

102-11 Precautionary Principle or approach

Board Responsibility

31

3,6,10

102-12 External initiatives

Industry Engagement

46-47

3,6,10

102-13 Membership of associations

• China Natural Rubber Association 

• China Rubber Industry 

Association

• Federation of Malaysian 

Manufacturers 

• GAPKINDO (Gabungan 

Perusahaan Karet Indonesia/ 

Rubber Association of Indonesia)

• Global Agribusiness Alliance

• Global Platform for Sustainable 

Natural Rubber (GPSNR)

• International Rubber Study Group 

(IRSG)

• LGM (Malaysian Rubber Board 

Pricing Panel)

• Malaysian SMR Rubber Processors 

Associations 

• Member/Panel of Advisor/

Signatory to SNR-i (Sustainable 

Natural Rubber Initiative)

• Rubber Trade Association of 

Singapore

• Singapore Institute of Directors 

• Singapore International Chamber 

of Commerce Rubber Association 

(SICCRA)

• The Rubber Trade Association of 

Europe (RTAE)

• The Thai Rubber Association

• UN Global Compact

3,6,10

61

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability





GRI 

CONTENT INDEX

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Location or Reason(s) for Omission

Page

References

SDGs

UNGC

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

Strategy

102-14 Statement from senior decision-

maker

Chairman's Welcome Message

Chief Executive Officer's Review

3

7-9

Statement 

by the Chief 

Executive 

expressing 

continued 

support for 

the UN Global 

Compact and 

commitment 

to the initiative

Ethics and integrity

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and 

norms of behavior

Policies, Standards and Compliance

32-33

16

3,6,10

102-17 Mechanisms for advice and concerns 

about ethics

Policies, Standards and Compliance

32-33

16

3,6,10

Governance

102-18 Governance structure

Board Responsibility

31

3,6,10

102-22 Composition of the highest 

governance body and its committees

Overview of Board Committees  

Board Composition and Guidance

72

78

16

3,6,10

102-23 Chair of the highest governance 

body

Chairman, CEO and  

Lead Independent Director

79

16

3,6,10

102-24 Nominating and selecting the 

highest governance body

Board membership and 

Performance Evaluation

79-81

16

3,6,10

102-26 Role of highest governance body in 

setting purpose, values, and strategy

The Board’s Conduct of Affairs

76-78

3,6,10

102-29 Identifying and managing economic, 

environmental, and social impacts

Board Responsibility 

The Board’s Conduct of Affairs 

31

76-78

16

3,6,10

102-32 Highest governance body's role in 

sustainability reporting

Board Responsibility 

The Board’s Conduct of Affairs 

31

76-78

3,6,10

102-35 Remuneration policies

Remuneration Matters

81-83

3,6,10

102-36 Process for determining 

remuneration

Remuneration Matters

81-83

3,6,10

Stakeholder engagement

102-40 List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder Engagement

35-36

3,6,10

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements

Fair Working Conditions

44-45

3,6,10

102-42 Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders

Stakeholder Engagement

35-36

3,6,10

102-43 Approach to stakeholder 

engagement

Stakeholder Engagement

35-36

3,6,10

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder Engagement

35-36

3,6,10

62

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

GRI CONTENT INDEX


GRI Standard

Disclosure

Location or Reason(s) for Omission

Page

References

SDGs

UNGC

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

Reporting practice

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements

Notes to the Financial Statements

114-168

3,6,10

102-46 Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries

Materiality Assessment

33-34

3,6,10

102-47 List of material topics

Materiality Assessment

33-34

3,6,10

102-48 Restatements of information

No restatements of information 

mentioned in previous reports

3,6,10

102-49 Changes in reporting

About The Report

1

3,6,10

102-50 Reporting period

January 1, 2020 to December 31, 

2020

3,6,10

102-51 Date of most recent report

9 April 2020

3,6,10

102-52 Reporting cycle

Annual

3,6,10

102-53 Contact point for questions 

regarding the report

About The Report

1

3,6,10

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance 

with the GRI Standards

About The Report

1

3,6,10

102-55 GRI content index

GRI Content Index

61-65

3,6,10

102-56 External assurance

External assurance has not been 

sought for sustainability reporting in 

this report

3,6,10

MATERIAL TOPICS

Ethics and Compliance

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Materiality Assessment

33-34

1,8

103-2 The management approach and its 

components

Risk Management

Stakeholder Engagement

28-29

35-36

1,8

103-3 Evaluation of the management 

approach

Policies, Standards and Compliance

32-33

1,8

GRI 205: 

Anti-corruption 

2016

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption 

and actions taken

Ethics and Anti-corruption

33

16

10

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 2016

307-1 Non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations

Eco-Efficiency and Climate Change

49

16

8

GRI 419: 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 2016

419-1 Non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and economic area

Fair Working Conditions

45

16

Fair Working Conditions

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Materiality Assessment

33-34

1,4,5,8

103-2 The management approach and its 

components

Sustainability Leadership 

Fair Working Conditions

32

44-45

1,4,5,8

103-3 Evaluation of the management 

approach

Policies, Standards and Compliance

32-33

1,4,5,8

GRI 405: Diversity 

and Equal 

Opportunity 2016

405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees

Fair Working Conditions

44-45

5

6

GRI 407: Freedom 

of Association 

and Collective 

Bargaining 2016

407-1 Operations and suppliers in which 

the right to freedom of association and 

collective bargaining may be at risk

Fair Working Conditions

44-45

8

3

63

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability





GRI 

CONTENT INDEX

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Location or Reason(s) for Omission

Page

References

SDGs

UNGC

Workplace Health and Safety

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Materiality

33-34

1,8

103-2 The management approach and its 

components

Sustainability Leadership 

Workplace Health and Safety 

Management Systems

32

41-43

1,8

103-3 Evaluation of the management 

approach

Policies, Standards and Compliance

32-33

1,8

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and Safety 

2018

403-1 Occupational health and safety 

management system

Workplace Health and Safety 

Management Systems

41

8

403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, 

and incident investigation

Hazards and Controls

41

3,8

403-3 Occupational health services

Health Services and Promotion

41

3,8

403-4 Worker participation, consultation, 

and communication on occupational health 

and safety

Worker Engagement and Training

42

8,16

403-5 Worker training on occupational 

health and safety

Worker Engagement and Training

42

8

403-6 Promotion of worker health

Worker Engagement and Training

42

3

403-7 Prevention and mitigation of 

occupational health and safety impacts 

directly linked by business relationships

Supplier Engagement

48

8

403-9 Work-related injuries

Work-related injuries

43

3,8,16

Traceable Supply Chain

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Materiality

33-34

1,8

103-2 The management approach and its 

components

Sustainability Leadership 

Engaging our Supply Chain

32

46-48

1,8

103-3 Evaluation of the management 

approach

Policies, Standards and Compliance

32-33

1,8

GRI 308: Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment 2016

308-2 Negative environmental impacts in 

the supply chain and actions taken

Engaging our Supply Chain

46-48

8

GRI 414: Supplier 

Social Assessment 

2016

414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply 

chain and actions taken

Engaging our Supply Chain

46-48

5,8,16

2

Pricing Equity

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Materiality

33-34

1,8

103-2 The management approach and its 

components

Sustainability Leadership 

Industry Engagement

32

46-47

1,8

103-3 Evaluation of the management 

approach

Policies, Standards and Compliance

32-33

1,8

GRI 203: Indirect 

Economic 

Impacts 2016

203-1 Infrastructure investments and 

services supported

HeveaConnect

46

5,9,11

64

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

GRI CONTENT INDEX


GRI Standard

Disclosure

Location or Reason(s) for Omission

Page

References

SDGs

UNGC

Eco-Efficiency

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Materiality

33-34

1,8

103-2 The management approach and its 

components

Sustainability Leadership 

Environmental Management 

Systems

32

49

1,8

103-3 Evaluation of the management 

approach

Policies, Standards and Compliance

32-33

1,8

GRI 302: Energy 

2016

302-1 Energy consumption within the 

organization

Energy Consumption

51

7,8,12,13

7,8,9

302-3 Energy intensity

Energy Consumption

51

7,8,12,13

7,8,9

GRI 303: Water 

and Effluents 

2018

303-1 Interactions with water as a shared 

resource

Water Resources Management

49

6

303-2 Management of water discharge-

related impacts

Water Resources Management

49

6

303-3 Water withdrawal

Water Withdrawal and Intensity

49

6

Climate Change

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Materiality

33-34

1,8

103-2 The management approach and its 

components

Sustainability Leadership 

Environmental Management 

Systems

32

49

1,8

103-3 Evaluation of the management 

approach

Policies, Standards and Compliance

32-33

1,8

GRI 305: 

Emissions 2016

305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Greenhouse Gas Emissions

52-53

3,12,13,

14,15

7,8,9

305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG 

emissions

Greenhouse Gas Emissions

52

3,12,13,

14,15

7,8,9

305-4 GHG emissions intensity

Greenhouse Gas Emissions

52-53

13,14,15

7,8,9

Landscape Stewardship

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Materiality

33-34

1,8

103-2 The management approach and its 

components

Sustainability Leadership 

Protecting Our Natural Capital

32

54-57

1,8

103-3 Evaluation of the management 

approach

Policies, Standards and Compliance

32-33

1,8

GRI 304: 

Biodiversity 2016

304-1 Operational sites owned, leased, 

managed in, or adjacent to, protected areas 

and areas of high biodiversity value outside 

protected areas

Protecting Our Natural Capital

54

6,14,15

8

304-4 IUCN Red List species and national 

conservation list species with habitats in 

areas affected by operations

Biodiversity Values

55

6,14,15

8

65

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability





GRI 

CONTENT INDEX

Our vision is to be the leading natural rubber global franchise, leveraging 

our globally integrated platform in advocating for supply chain 

sustainability, and effecting meaningful change in the industry.

The 2020 Corporate Report covers the financial year of 2020 (1st January 

to 31st December), encompasses the strategic, financial and sustainability 

aspects of our Group’s business, including the impact of COVID-19 and 

how we came together in navigating the challenges, as well as detailing 

the developments and initiatives moving into 2021 and beyond.

The Sustainability Report has been prepared in accordance with the 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards: Core option. It contains our 

key Environmental Social Governance (ESG) factors approved by the 

Board, and was prepared in accordance with the Singapore Exchange 

Sustainability Reporting Guide. All data refers to Halcyon Agri Group’s 

operations in Asia, Europe, America and Africa unless stated otherwise. 

There were no significant changes to our organisation and supply chain 

during the reporting period.

Please contact investor@halcyonagri.com for any questions or feedback.

ABOUT 

THE REPORT





Book One: Strategy and Sustainability 

Book Two: Corporate Governance and Financial Report

01

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Location or Reason(s) for Omission

Page

References

SDGs

UNGC

Human Rights

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Materiality

33-34

1,8

103-2 The management approach and its 

components

Sustainability Leadership 

Respecting Human Rights

32

57

1,8

103-3 Evaluation of the management 

approach

Policies, Standards and Compliance

32-33

1,8

GRI 412: 

Human Rights 

Assessment 2016

412-1 Operations that have been subject 

to human rights reviews or impact 

assessments

Respecting Human Rights

57

1,2

Community Investment and Empowerment

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary

Materiality

33-34

1,8

103-2 The management approach and its 

components

Sustainability Leadership 

32

1,8

103-3 Evaluation of the management 

approach

Policies, Standards and Compliance

32-33

1,8

GRI 413: Local 

Communities 

2016

413-1 Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, and 

development programs

Living with COVID-19 

Building Community

19-21

57

1

66

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability

GRI CONTENT INDEX

Follow us on social media!

Halcyon Agri

@HalcyonAgri

Halcyon Agri    Corporate Report 2020

Book 1:  Strategy and Sustainability




HALCYON AGRI CORPORATION LIMITED

180 Clemenceau Avenue

#05-02 Haw Par Centre

Singapore 239922

www.halcyonagri.com

















