
 

 

 

Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore 

Registration No. 201533429G 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019




Sustainability Report 2019 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 2 | P a g e 

 

 

Table of Contents 

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN ...................................................... 3 

ABOUT THIS REPORT .......................................................................... 4 

Reporting Boundaries and Standards ............................................... 4 

Report Period and Scope .................................................................. 4 

Accessibility &amp; Feedback .................................................................. 4 

ABOUT OUR GROUP ........................................................................... 5 

Corporate Profile  ............................................................................. 5 

Corporate Structure ......................................................................... 6 

Awards &amp; Accreditations  ................................................................. 6 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY ................................................ 7 

Corporate Governance and Sustainability Approach ........................ 7 

Stakeholders and Material Topics .................................................... 9 

SUSTAINABILITY TOPICS ................................................................... 11 

Economic Performance .................................................................. 11 

Effluents and Waste ....................................................................... 13 

Employment ................................................................................... 14 

Customer Privacy ........................................................................... 16 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX .................. 17 

 


Sustainability Report 2019 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 3 | P a g e 

 

 

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN 

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

On behalf of the Directors and Management of HC 

Surgical Specialists Limited (“HCSS”), I am proud to 

present our second sustainability report covering 

Financial Year ended 31 May 2019 (“FY2019”). In this 

report, we will continue to discuss material Environment, 

Social and Governance (“ESG”) topics which are relevant 

to our stakeholders.  

In FY2019, sustainability remains a vital part of our 

strategy in creating long-term value for our stakeholders 

and we believe that good ESG management will help to build a resilient business. This report will 

provide a transparent presentation of our efforts to build sustainable growth. 

Our sustainability efforts are led by the senior management while the Board manages and monitors 

the direction, approach and performance of the material ESG factors identified. The Board also 

ensures that our sustainability goals are aligned with our strategy and business objectives. 

We have zero tolerance to bribery and corruption and we are committed to conduct our business in 

an ethical manner. We have in place a Whistleblowing policy to deter wrongdoing and promote 

standards of good corporate practices. The policy also provides proper avenues for employees to raise 

their concerns.  

We believe that HCSS is well-positioned to build a sustainable business with the support of our 

stakeholders. As we grow our business, we will continue to enhance our sustainability efforts and work 

towards aligning our policies and practices with established economic, environmental and social 

standards and initiatives.  

 

Mr. Chong Weng Hoe 

Non-Executive Chairman and Independent Director 

 

 






Sustainability Report 2019 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 4 | P a g e 

 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

This is HCSS’s second sustainability report and in the preparation of this report, we continue to adopt 

the Global Reporting Initiatives (“GRI”) Standards Sustainability Reporting Guidelines 2016 – Core 

Option and its reporting principles and in accordance with Rules 711A, 711B and Practice Note 7F of 

the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of 

Catalist (“Catalist Rules”). 

We have chosen GRI as the sustainability reporting framework as it is internationally recognised and 

widely adopted, enabling us to achieve a comprehensive and comparable disclosure of ESG 

performance. The GRI content index and relevant references are provided from page 17-18.   

We reported our data in good faith and to the best of our knowledge. We strive to continuously 

improve our data collection and reporting process. We have not sought external assurance for this 

report.         

Reporting Boundaries and Standards 

 

Reporting Period and Scope 

This report covers data and information from 1 June 2018 to 31 May 2019 for all our subsidiaries in 

Singapore.  

Accessibility &amp; Feedback 

The electronic edition of the report is available at: http://www.hcsurgicalspecialists.com/ 

We are committed to listening to our stakeholders and we look forward to your feedback via 

contact@hcsurgicalspecialists.com 

Materiality

Focusing on issues that impact business growth and are of utmost importance to 

stakeholders

Stakeholders Inclusiveness

Responding to stakeholder expectations and interests

Sustainability Context

Presenting performance in the wider context of sustainability

Completeness

Including all information that is of significant economic, enviornmental, social and 

governance impact to enable stakeholders to assess the Group's performance










Sustainability Report 2019 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 5 | P a g e 

 

 

ABOUT OUR GROUP  

Corporate Profile 

Listed on Catalist of the SGX-ST, the Group is a medical services group primarily engaged in the 

provision of endoscopic procedures, including gastroscopies and colonoscopies, and general surgery 

services with a focus on colorectal procedures across a network of clinics located throughout 

Singapore.  

HCSS also provides general diagnostic and consultation services for patients.  All clinics provide 

consultation services and are equipped to carry out a range of diagnostic tests. In addition, HCSS’s 

specialist surgeons have broad experience in general surgery and are capable of performing any 

surgical or medical procedures. HCSS also provides house call services for patients who wish to have 

consultation services on the medical conditions treated by our Group at the comfort of the patients’ 

home.  

Starting out almost a decade ago, HCSS’s vision is to build an organisation dedicated to making private 

healthcare accessible to the broadest consumer base possible. Supported by a team of qualified 

specialists and general practitioners, each with broad experience, there are currently 15 clinics that 

are situated close to the public transportation network. The clinics are located around central 

Singapore as well as in residential areas, including the heartlands. A few clinics are situated within 

some of the major private hospitals in Singapore. 

 






Sustainability Report 2019 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 6 | P a g e 

 

 

Corporate Structure  

 

 

Awards &amp; Accreditations 

Recipient Year 

Name of award or accreditation 

Awarding organisation 

Dr. Heah 

Sieu Min 

2000 Singapore General Hospital Service Quality 

Award (Service with a Heart) 

Singapore General Hospital 

2000 Singapore General Hospital (Heart of Gold) 

Award 

Singapore General Hospital 

2001 Singapore General Hospital Service Quality 

Award (Service with a Heart) 

Singapore General Hospital 

2002 Singapore General Hospital Service Quality 

Award (Service with a Heart) 

Singapore General Hospital 

2013 SME Prestige Award 

 

Media Enrich Enterprise 

2017 Spirit of Enterprise Honouree 

 

Spirit of Enterprise 

Dr. Chia 

Kok 

Hoong 

 

 

 

 

 

2002 Singapore General Hospital Service Quality 

Award (Service with a Heart) 

Singapore General Hospital 

2003 The Courage Fund Award 

The Courage Fund Tan Tock 

Seng for SARS cases 

2005 Excellent Service Award (Gold) 

 

Tan Tock Seng Hospital 

2006 Excellent Service Award (Gold) 

 

Tan Tock Seng Hospital 

2006 Service Champion Award 

 

Tan Tock Seng Hospital 

2010 Minister's Award for Public Spiritedness 

 

Minister for Home Affairs 



HC Surgical Specialists Limited



Heah Sieu Min (Mt E) Pte 

Ltd (100%)



Heah Sieu Min (Bukit 

Batok) Pte Ltd (100%)



Heah Sieu Min (Dleedon) 

Pte Ltd (100%)



HC (GM) Pte Ltd (100%)



HC (Hillford) Pte Ltd (100%)



Medical Services @ 

Tampines Pte Ltd (100%)



CKH (Farrer Park) Pte Ltd 

(100%)



CKH (Mt A) Pte Ltd (100%)



Hougang Clinic Pte Ltd 

(100%)



HC (AMK) Pte Ltd (100%)



HC and Island Family Pte 

Ltd (80%)



HC (Ming) Pte Ltd (80%)



Lai Bec Pte Ltd (51%)



Julian Ong Endoscopy &amp; 

Surgery Pte Ltd (70%)



Malcolm Lim Pte Ltd (51%)



Medical L &amp; C Services Pte 

Ltd (51%)



Jason Lim Endoscopy and 

Surgery Pte Ltd (51%)



Medistar Services Pte Ltd 

(25%)


Sustainability Report 2019 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 7 | P a g e 

 

 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

Corporate Governance and Sustainability Approach 

Our Group adopts a framework based on the Code of Corporate Governance 2018. We are committed 

to maintain good corporate governance by following the principles and guidelines set out in the policy. 

We also aim to create long-term value to our stakeholders through a holistic approach.  

To effectively implement our sustainability approach and demonstrate accountability to our 

stakeholders, employees of HCSS follows strictly to the Code of Conduct stated in the Employee’s 

Handbook, the Conflict of Interest Policy, Whistleblowing Policy and Data Protection Policy as follows: 

1. Code of Conduct 

The code of conduct serves as a central guide and reference to our 

employees in ensuring that they understand the Company’s 

expectations and guiding principles for workplace behaviours. All 

employees of our Group are expected to exercise discretion on any 

information acquired during their term of employment and are 

obliged to comply with our established Code of Conduct.  

2. Conflict of Interest 

We have established policy and procedures to ensure that our employees 

understand the procedures when his or her personal interest conflicts with those of 

our Group. All employees of our Group involved in the i) purchase of goods and 

services, ii) selection of suppliers of goods or services, iii) selection of third party 

partners/relationships with the Company, are required to declare and disclose any 

situation where their private businesses or personal interests conflict with those of our Group, or 

situations when they (or a close family member) have a direct or indirect personal relationship, 

affiliation or association with an existing or prospective supplier or customer of our Group.  

3. Whistleblowing Policy 

Our Group has adopted the whistleblowing policy since 2016 to provide an 

avenue for employees and external parties to raise concerns and offer 

reassurance that they will be protected from reprisals or victimisation for 

whistleblowing in good faith. The Policy is intended to conform to the guidance set 

out in the Code which encourages employees to raise concerns, in confidence, about 

possible irregularities. The whistleblowing policy is available at our Company’s 

website at https://www.hcsurgicalspecialists.com/en/investor-relation/policies.  

4. Data Protection Policy 

As a healthcare company, HCSS collects relevant data and uses them for 

providing medical services. We assure patients that all personal data collected, 

used or disclosed will be protected under the PDPA and other relevant 

legislation such as the Private Hospitals and Medical Clinics Act. Our Data 

Protection Policy ensures that we are accountable to our customers and other 

stakeholders. The Data Protection Policy is available at our Company’s website 

at https://www.hcsurgicalspecialists.com/en/personal-data-protection-policy.  










Sustainability Report 2019 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 8 | P a g e 

 

 

Sustainability Organisational Structure 

The roles of the key management include implementing and 

executing the sustainability policies and practices as well as 

monitoring the sustainability performance. The key management 

reports directly to the Board of Directors on matters regarding 

sustainability, and act accordingly to the Board of Directors’ strategic 

priorities. In this way, we ensure that we practise initiatives that are 

relevant to our material topics and we ensure compliance to these 

ESG factors.  

The Board of Directors comprises of the following members, all of whom have the appropriate core 

competencies and provide a diversity of experience to enable them to effectively contribute to our 

Group: 

Name of Director 

Designation 

Audit 

Committee 

Nominating 

Committee 

Remuneration 

Committee 

Mr. Chong Weng Hoe 

Non-Executive Chairman 

and Independent Director 

Member 

Chairman 

Chairman 

Dr. Heah Sieu Min 

Executive Director and 

Chief Executive Officer 

- 

- 

- 

Dr. Chia Kok Hoong 

 

Executive Director and 

Medical Director 

- 

- 

- 

Mr. Lim Chye Lai, Gjan  

Non-Independent Non-

Executive Director 

Member 

Member 

Member 

Mr. Ooi Seng Soon 

Independent Non-

Executive Director 

Chairman 

Member 

Member 

 

The key management of HCSS are as follows: 

Name  

Designation 

Ms. Sophia Ong 

Chief Financial Officer 

Ms. Ouyang Yuxia, Connie 

Chief Operating Officer 

Ms. Cai Ting Ting 

Chief Nursing Officer 

 

We ensure that we conduct our business process in a way that is accountable to the environment, our 

customers, employees and community, while at the same time help maintain sustainable economic 

growth for HCSS.






Sustainability Report 2019 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 9 | P a g e 

 

 

Stakeholders and Material Topics 

Stakeholders Engagement  

We are committed to develop and maintain strong relationships with our stakeholders. By practising 

open two-way communication with them, it helps us align our sustainability approach with their needs 

and expectations. We engage our stakeholders and set goals collaboratively with them as follows: 

 

 

 

Employees - We engage our employees through training programmes, 

annual appraisals and staff meetings. We aim to maintain a safe and 

fair working environment for them together with opportunities of  

career progression and self-development.



Customers - We engage our customers through public forums and 

direct feedback during consultations. We aim to give them better 

healthcare services with greater ease.



Suppliers - We engage our suppliers through supplier assessment 

forms and feedback through emails. We constantly communicate with 

them to ensure quality and efficiency.



Shareholders/Investors - We engage our shareholders and investors 

through AGM/EGM, our corporate announcements or emails. We aim 

to develop business growth and strategy within the Group and deliver 

strong business performance while achieving sustainable returns.



Government &amp; Regulators - We engage the government and 

regulators through discussions, conferences and sharing feedback with 

them. Our goal is to have a better understanding of government 

initiatives and aim to achieve national health objectives.



Community - We engage the community through our corporate 

website and public forums. We aim to support the community by 

providing free healthcare consultation to the public occasionally. 




Sustainability Report 2019 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 10 | P a g e 

 

 

Materiality Assessment 

Based on feedback gathered from our stakeholders, we have evaluated and identified topics which 

will have significant ESG impacts and are material to the organisation and stakeholders. Material 

topics are prioritised as shown in the materiality matrix below. 

 

Sustainability Topics Selected: 

1. Economic Performance 

2. Effluents and Waste 

3. Employment 

4. Customer Privacy 

We will review our material topics annually considering fresh stakeholders’ feedback and our own 

business goals. A more detailed discussion on the material topics, including management approach 

and topic boundary limitations, if any, is provided in the respective sections of the report.  

 

 

 

 




Sustainability Report 2019 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 11 | P a g e 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY TOPICS 

 

Economic Performance 

 

Why is it Material? 

At HCSS, we believe that by maintaining sustainable economic growth, it will benefit our key 

stakeholders. HCSS continues to create direct and indirect economic values for our stakeholders, 

through delivering strong financial performance to our shareholders/investors, supporting 

infrastructure through taxes and other payment to the government, and contributing to the 

community by creating jobs and generating income. By adopting responsible business practices, we 

grow our business in a sustainable manner.  

 

Management Approach 

To strengthen our performance and position, our Group will continue to expand the business 

operations by acquiring General Practitioners (“GP”) clinics, to secure a consistent stream of patients 

through the GP referrals, as well as grooming young talented specialists and setting up new clinics to 

broaden our range of services. We aim to further expand our presence in the heartland areas of 

Singapore, enhancing our ability to constantly deliver timely, safe, accurate and efficient services to 

outpatients. 

We contribute to national economic development by supporting locally-based businesses as we work 

with local vendors in Singapore. This will indirectly help our community as more jobs are created when 

we work with the vendors. We target to achieve economies of scale and operate efficiently through 

our expanded network of clinics such that these efficiency gains can be passed on to our patients and 

customers by providing them with more affordable healthcare products and services.  

Our Group also worked with many medical insurance companies and corporations to create a 

conducive platform of patient referrals for our specialists. In April 2019, we were appointed by AIA 

Singapore Private Limited (“AIA”) as their exclusive colorectal cancer screening provider for their 

eligible policy holders. Through this appointment, AIA will offer complimentary screening colonoscopy 

as part of its Early Detection Screening Benefit for eligible clients under their HealthShield Gold Max 

Essential A Saver and AIA Max VitalHealth A. We can expect this appointment to generate a recurring 

revenue stream for HCSS, as well as an additional source of patient referrals for our team of specialists.  

As part of our diversification towards a synergised business strategy, our Group invested in Nuffield 

Dental Holdings Private Limited (“Nuffield”) via a redeemable convertible loan in May 2019. Nuffield 

was ranked by the Straits Times in February 2019 as Singapore’s second fastest growing company, 

with a compound annual growth rate of 186.8% between 2014 and 20171.  

 

1Source: The Straits Times dated 27 February 2019 




Sustainability Report 2019 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 12 | P a g e 

 

 

 

Economic Performance (cont’d) 

 

Performance 

Direct Economic Value Generated and Distributed 

FY2019 

(S$’000) 

FY2018 

(S$’000) 

% Change 

Revenue 

18,318 

16,022 

14.3 

Net Profit 

8,426 

5,514 

52.8 

 

In FY2019, our Group recorded an increase of approximately 14.3% in revenue compared to FY2018 

due to the increased revenue contribution from (i) new subsidiaries (Jason Lim Endoscopy and Surgery 

Pte. Ltd. and Medical Services @ Tampines Pte. Ltd). acquired in FY2019, and (ii) the existing 

subsidiaries.  

For detailed breakdown of FY2019 financial results, please refer to the relevant sections in our 

published Annual Report 2019. 

This year, to demonstrate our commitment to continous development, innovation and 

transformation, we had been awarded the Enterprise Development Grant that funds up to 70% of 

qualifying project costs.  

 

Targets 

Our Group will continue to expand our business operations as we are in the process of opening more 

endoscopy centres. In July 2019, we had also entered into an investment agreement with Vanda 1 

Investments Pte. Ltd., a Singapore-incorporated company, managed and controlled by Heliconia 

Capital Management Pte. Ltd. (“Heliconia”) which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Temasek Holdings 

(Private) Limited (“Temasek”). The Group intends to extend its regional presence with this capital 

raising exercise with a keen interest in expansion into Vietnam. With Heliconia’s investment, the 

Company hopes to tap on Heliconia’s network in Vietnam to expand its presence in the country’s fast-

growing healthcare market. 

We will continue to explore strategic acquisitions to create long-term value for our shareholders.  

 




Sustainability Report 2019 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 13 | P a g e 

 

 

 

Effluents and Waste 

 

Why is it Material? 

Being in a medical industry, HCSS handles different types of medical waste. For a healthcare service 

provider, proper waste management is vital for us. We need to make sure that bio-hazardous and 

medical waste goes through proper management and disposal methods to prevent potential health 

threats to the patients, the community and the environment.  

 

Management Approach 

Effluents and waste are categorised mainly into 2 groups: sharps and liquid bio-waste. They are 

disposed into designated waste bins sorted by categories and transported by our certified third-party 

contractors to a dedicated hospital waste incinerator. We also periodically assess our vendors who 

provide external medical waste handling services to ensure that the service provided are in line with 

our expectations.  

In HCSS, all medical staffs undergo training programmes on proper management and disposal of 

medical waste. All medical staffs are trained and qualified to be able to identify the different types of 

medical waste to facilitate the appropriate disposal to be in compliance with the relevant regulations.  

These initiatives help us to comply with the rules and regulations set by NEA and MOH, and also 

mitigate against the danger that improper disposal of medical waste could bring to us, the community 

and our environment.  

 

Performance 

In FY2019, HCSS generated about 6,000 litres of clinical waste, all of which were incinerated by 

certified third party contractors. There were no confirmed incidents of non-compliance to 

environmental regulations resulting in a fine or penalty occurred during FY2019. 

 

Targets 

In FY2020, we are looking to achieve zero incidents of non-compliance to environmental regulations 

regarding the clinical waste. We will continue to monitor the medical waste disposal and continue to 

look for opportunity to integrate more sustainable measures for more efficient disposal of medical 

waste.  




Sustainability Report 2019 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 14 | P a g e 

 

 

 

Employment 

 

Why is it Material? 

In HCSS, we believe in investing in our staff as they are our most valued asset. We also believe that a 

diversified workforce with long-term service staff brings up the quality of service HCSS provides and 

contributes to the growth of HCSS. The ability to continuously attract, retain and develop talent is the 

key to HCSS’s success.  

 

Management Approach 

In HCSS, we ensure that our staff are given equal opportunities by having established policies and 

practices in place to protect the employees’ rights. To cite a few, we have formalised recruitment and 

selection policy, flexible working policy, maternity policy and grievance procedures. As our approach 

is to make HCSS an enjoyable workplace for employees, we value our employees’ suggestions and we 

have periodic reviews and communication sessions with our staff. We have established 

communication channels where staff can have a platform to feedback and contribute to the 

improvement of our workplace. By listening to their views, we promote an inclusive work environment 

based on mutual trust and respect.  

Moreover, we provide additional benefits to our full-time employees. Such benefits include medical 

claim, dental claim and hospital insurance entitlements. This indicates that we invest in our human 

resources to retain our valued staff.  

 

Performance 

In FY2019, we did not receive any reported incident relating to discriminations at workplace. 

We are pleased to announce that we had managed to maintain employees’ turnover rate at 15%, 

although we had not managed to achieve our target set in FY2018 to reduce employees’ turnover rate 

below 15%. Please find the tables below for the details of new hires and employee turnover for FY2018 

and FY2019. 

New Hires Sorted By Age Groups 

FY2019 

FY2018 

Number 

% 

Number 

% 

Under 30 Years Old 

15 

78.95% 

9 

42.86% 

Between 30 to 50 Years Old 

3 

15.79% 

5 

23.81% 

Over 50 Years Old 

1 

5.26% 

7 

33.33% 

 

 

 




Sustainability Report 2019 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 15 | P a g e 

 

 

 

Employment (cont’d) 

 

New Hires and Employee Turnover 

FY2019 

FY2018 

Female 

Male 

Female 

Male 

Number of employees 

63 

14 

53 

13 

Gender distribution 

81.82% 

18.18% 

80.30% 

19.70% 

Number of new employees 

18 

1 

18 

3 

New hires rate 

26% 

35% 

Number of resigned employees 

11 

0 

9 

0 

Employees turnover rate 

15% 

15% 

 

Lastly, we are proud to present that for FY2019, we achieved 100% return to work rate for employees 

who took parental leave. 

Parental Leave 

FY 2019 

Female 

Male 

Number of employees entitled to parental leave 

6 

1 

Number of employees who took parental leave 

6 

1 

Number of employees that returned to work in 

the reporting period after parental leave ended 

6 

1 

Number of employees that returned to work 

after parental leave ended that were still 

employed 12 months after their return to work 

4 

1 

Return to work rate 

100% 

100% 

Retention rate 

67% 

100% 

 

Targets 

For FY2020, we will continue to enforce fair employment practices and we will target to maintain zero 

records of reported incidents relating to discriminations.  

 

 

 

 




Sustainability Report 2019 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 16 | P a g e 

 

 

 

Customer Privacy 

 

Why is it Material? 

With the advancement in technology, there is a growing trend of concerns for individuals on how their 

personal data are being collected and used. The recent case where Singapore’s largest healthcare 

group was hit by a serious breach of personal data1 contributed to the attention gained by both 

regulators and patients. This has increased the need for organisations, especially healthcare 

organisations that hold key patient data, to place emphasis on the efforts to enhance system security, 

to prevent the loss of patients’ data as well as to implement measures for addressing data breach 

incidents which occurred.  

 

Management Approach 

HCSS ensures that we obtain patient consent for collection, use, disclosure and processing of personal 

data for healthcare related use only. We have put in place a Personal Data Protection Policy which 

includes the procedures on responsible data handling, use of data and compliance monitoring. 

To ensure confidentiality and maintain our customer privacy, each clinic in the Group has procedures 

such as locking cabinets that store patients’ data, user IDs and passwords for each staff, logging off 

the computers daily, and installing firewalls and antivirus on all computers. This helps to mitigate the 

risk of unauthorised access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, disposal of patients’ 

data. 

 

Performance 

For FY2019, we are proud that we received zero complaint regarding breaches of customer privacy, 

as well as there was no incidents of leaks, thefts, or losses of customer data.  

 

Targets 

For FY2020, we aim to maintain our approach to safeguard customer privacy at all times and continue 

to achieve zero complaints and breaches to the Personal Data Protection Act. 

 

 

1 Kwang, K. (2018, October 18). Singapore health system hit by 'most serious breach of personal data' in 

cyberattack; PM Lee's data targeted. Retrieved from 

https://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/singapore/singhealth-health-system-hit-serious-cyberattack-pm-

lee-target-10548318. 




Sustainability Report 2019 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 17 | P a g e 

 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI 

Standard  Disclosure 

Notes/ Page Reference 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Page 4 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Page 5 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Page 4 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Page 4 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Page 4 &amp; 6 

102-6 

Markets served 

Page 4 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Page 14-15 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Page 14-15 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Page 11 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

No significant changes 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Precautionary Approach 

102-12 

External Initiatives 

Page 4 

102-13 

Membership of association 

Page 6 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

Page 3 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior 

Page 7 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Page 5 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

 

 

Page 9-10 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Page 5 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic Boundaries 

Page 4 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Page 10 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

N/A 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

No changes 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Page 4 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

31 May 2018 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Page 4 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Page 4 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

Page 4 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Page 17-18 

102-56 

External assurance 

Page 4 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


Sustainability Report 2019 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 18 | P a g e 

 

 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Notes/ Page Reference 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 

Page 4, 11-16 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Page 4, 11-16 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Page 4, 11-16 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Page 11-12 

201-2 

Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due 

to climate change 

Page 11-12 

201-3 

Directed benefit plan obligation and other retirement plans 

Page 11-12 

201-4 

Financial assistance received from government 

Page 11-12 

306-1 

Water discharge by quality and destination 

Page 13 

306-2 

Water by type and disposal method 

Page 13 

306-3 

Significant fills 

Page 13 

306-4 

Transport of hazardous waste 

Page 13 

306-5 

Water bodies affected by water discharge and/or runoff 

Page 13 

401-1 

New employees hires and employee turnover 

Page 14-15 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not 

provided to temporary or part-time employees 

Page 14-15 

401-3 

Parental leave 

Page 14-15 

418-1 

Substantiated complains concerning breaches of customer 

privacy and losses of customer data 

Page 16 

 

