
 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT  

2020

 

Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore 

Registration No. 201533429G 




Sustainability Report 2020 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 2 | P a g e 

 

 

Table of Contents 

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN ...................................................... 3 

DISCLOSURE DURING COVID-19 ..…………………………………………………… 4 

ABOUT THIS REPORT .......................................................................... 5 

Reporting Boundaries and Standards ............................................... 5 

Report Period and Scope .................................................................. 5 

Accessibility &amp; Feedback .................................................................. 5 

ABOUT THE GROUP ............................................................................ 6 

Corporate Profile  ............................................................................. 6 

Corporate Structure ......................................................................... 7 

Awards &amp; Accreditations  ................................................................. 8 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY ................................................ 9 

Corporate Governance and Sustainability Approach ...................... 10 

Stakeholders and Material Topics .................................................. 11 

SUSTAINABILITY TOPICS ................................................................... 12 

Economic Performance .................................................................. 13 

Effluents and Waste ....................................................................... 15 

Employment ................................................................................... 17 

Patients’ Privacy ............................................................................. 19 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX .................. 20 

 


Sustainability Report 2020 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 3 | P a g e 

 

 

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN 

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

On behalf of the Directors and Management of HC Surgical Specialists 

Limited (“HCSS”) and our subsidiaries (collectively known as “we”, 

“our”, us” and the “Group”), I am proud to present our third 

Sustainability Report (the “Report”) covering the financial year ended 

31 May 2020 (“FY2020”). In this Report, we will continue to focus on 

our progress towards sustainable development and how we have 

aligned our business practices and operations against our 

Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) goals.  

In today’s fast-changing business climate, sustainable development and practices have become critical 

success factors for companies in ensuring long-term value creation. Macroeconomic and geopolitical 

uncertainties, as well as the COVID-19 pandemic have posed major challenges for businesses around 

the world. We recognise the importance and value of aligning strategies to meet stakeholders’ needs 

as well as having an established and consistent sustainability management framework. This report will 

provide a transparent presentation of our efforts to build sustainable growth. 

Our sustainability efforts continue to be led by the senior management while the Board manages and 

monitors the direction, approach and performance of the material ESG factors identified. The Board 

also ensures that our sustainability goals are aligned with our strategy and business objectives. 

We have zero tolerance to bribery and corruption, and we are committed to conduct our business in 

an ethical manner. We have in place a Whistleblowing policy to deter wrongdoing and promote 

standards of good corporate practices. The policy also provides proper avenues for employees to raise 

their concerns.  

We believe that HCSS is well-positioned to build a sustainable business with the support of our 

stakeholders. We view this report as a milestone of our sustainability efforts, and as we grow our 

business, we look forward to continue updating you with our experience in incorporating relevant 

initiatives and processes within HCSS in the subsequent years.  

 

Mr. Chong Weng Hoe 

Non-Executive Chairman and Independent Director 

 

 




Sustainability Report 2020 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 4 | P a g e 

 

 

DISCLOSURES DURING COVID-19 

The World Health Organisation declared the novel coronavirus, or COVID-19, outbreak as a global 

pandemic on 11 March 2020. The effects of the pandemic, as well as the measures implemented 

locally and globally, have resulted in both economic and operational disruptions to us.  

For the health and safety of our employees, HCSS has responded fully to the government’s call to 

institute safe distancing measures and telecommuting arrangements to the best of our abilities. All 

our employees were provided with face masks and hand sanitisers. Body temperatures were 

monitored and recorded for our employees who are required to be physically present at our clinics. 

During this period, we have also constantly issued our employees COVID-19 updates and reminders 

on maintaining good personal hygiene. 

Patients visiting our clinics are encouraged to use hand sanitisers provided and are required to comply 

with the government’s safe distancing measures. All patients visiting our clinics are also required to 

have their temperature taken and recorded. 

The global disruption on economy and business operations fortunately has had minimal effect on our 

supply chain, as we rely mostly on local suppliers. 

The Group held its inaugural charity event on 19 July 2020, as part of our corporate social responsibility 

initiative, in accordance with the Ministry of Health of Singapore (“MOH”) guidelines. All net proceeds 

raised were donated to the President’s Challenge and The Courage Fund. President's Challenge was 

established in 2000 by the late Mr. S. R. Nathan, to raise funds for the social service sector and reach 

out to needy children, families, seniors, disabled and other social service endeavours. The Courage 

Fund was established by National Council of Social Services, which provides COVID-19 relief schemes 

for (a) dependents of individuals who have succumbed to the virus; (b) frontline workers and 

community volunteers who have contracted COVID-19 in the line of duty; and (c) lower-income 

households affected by COVID-19. We enhanced the charity initiative by matching dollar-for-dollar on 

the amount raised during the event and are delighted to report that we have successfully raised 

approximately S$73,000.  

 

 


Sustainability Report 2020 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 5 | P a g e 

 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

We have prepared this report in accordance with Rules 711A and 711B of the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual - Rules of Catalist (“Catalist Rules”) and the 

Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards Sustainability Reporting Guidelines 2016 - Core Option 

and its reporting principles. 

 

GRI standards continues to be the sustainability reporting framework of choice as it is internationally 

recognised and widely adopted, enabling us to provide a broad and comparable disclosure of the ESG 

performance. The GRI content index can be found in page 20 to 21 in this Report. We have also made 

reference to our annual report for FY2020 (“Annual Report 2020”). 

 

We reported our data in good faith and to the best of our knowledge. We strive to continuously 

improve our data collection and reporting process. We have not sought external assurance for this 

report.         

Reporting Boundaries and Standards  

 

Reporting Period and Scope 

This report covers data and information from 1 June 2019 to 31 May 2020 for all our subsidiaries.  

 

Accessibility &amp; Feedback 

The electronic edition of the report is available at: http://www.hcsurgicalspecialists.com/ 

We are committed to listening to our stakeholders and we look forward to your feedback via 

contact@hcsurgicalspecialists.com  

Materiality

Focusing on issues that impact business growth and are of utmost importance to stakeholders

Stakeholders Inclusiveness

Responding to stakeholder expectations and interests

Sustainability Context

Presenting performance in the wider context of sustainability

Completeness

Including all information that is of significant economic, environmental, social and governance 

impact to enable stakeholders to assess the Group's performance


Sustainability Report 2020 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 6 | P a g e 

 

 

ABOUT THE GROUP  

Corporate Profile 

Listed on Catalist of the SGX-ST in 2016, HCSS is a medical services group primarily engaged in the 

provision of endoscopic procedures, including gastroscopies and colonoscopies, and general surgery 

services with a focus on colorectal procedures across a network of clinics located throughout 

Singapore. Our registered office is located at 80 Robinson Road, #02-00, Singapore 068898. 

HCSS also provides general diagnostic and consultation services for patients.  All our clinics provide 

consultation services and are equipped to carry out a range of diagnostic tests. In addition, HCSS’s 

specialist surgeons have broad experience in general surgery and are capable of performing any 

surgical or medical procedures. HCSS also provides house call services for patients who wish to have 

consultation services on the medical conditions treated by the Group at the comfort of the patients’ 

home.  

 

With the support from a team of qualified 

specialists and general practitioners, each 

with broad experience, there are currently 18 

clinics that are situated close to the public 

transportation network. Our clinics are 

located around central Singapore as well as in 

residential areas. Some of the clinics are 

situated within major private hospitals in 

Singapore. 

  

To build an organisation dedicated to making private healthcare 

accessible to the broadest consumer base possible.

Vision

To bring healthcare to your doorstep.

Mission




Sustainability Report 2020 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 7 | P a g e 

 

 

Corporate Structure  

 

 

 

HC Surgical Specialists 

Limited

Heah Sieu Min (Mt E) Pte Ltd 

(100%)

Heah Sieu Min (Bukit Batok) 

Pte Ltd (100%)

Heah Sieu Min (Dleedon) Pte 

Ltd (100%)

HC (GM) Pte Ltd (100%)

HC (Hillford) Pte Ltd (100%)

Medical Services @ 

Tampines Pte Ltd (100%)

CKH (Farrer Park) Pte Ltd 

(100%)

CKH (Mt A) Pte Ltd (100%)

Hougang Clinic Pte Ltd 

(100%)

HC (AMK) Pte Ltd (100%)

HC and Island Family Pte Ltd 

(80%)

HC (Ming) Pte Ltd (80%)

Julian Ong Endoscopy &amp; 

Surgery Pte Ltd ("JOES") 

(70%)

Lai Bec Pte Ltd (51%)

Malcolm Lim Pte Ltd (51%)

Medical L &amp; C Services Pte 

Ltd (51%)

Jason Lim Endoscopy and 

Surgery Pte Ltd (51%)

GMH Endoscopy &amp; Surgery 

Pte Ltd (51%)

Medistar Services Pte Ltd 

(25%)


Sustainability Report 2020 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 8 | P a g e 

 

 

Awards &amp; Accreditations 

Recipient Year 

Name of award or accreditation 

Awarding organisation 

Dr. Heah 

Sieu Min 

2000 Singapore General Hospital Service 

Quality Award (Service with a Heart) 

Singapore General Hospital 

2000 Singapore General Hospital (Heart of 

Gold) Award 

Singapore General Hospital 

2001 Singapore General Hospital Service 

Quality Award (Service with a Heart) 

Singapore General Hospital 

2002 Singapore General Hospital Service 

Quality Award (Service with a Heart) 

Singapore General Hospital 

2013 SME Prestige Award 

 

Media Enrich Enterprise 

2017 Spirit of Enterprise Honouree 

 

Spirit of Enterprise 

Dr. Chia 

Kok 

Hoong 

 

 

 

 

 

2002 Singapore General Hospital Service 

Quality Award (Service with a Heart) 

Singapore General Hospital 

2003 The Courage Fund Award 

The Courage Fund Tan Tock Seng 

for SARS cases 

2005 Excellent Service Award (Gold) 

 

Tan Tock Seng Hospital 

2006 Excellent Service Award (Gold) 

 

Tan Tock Seng Hospital 

2006 Service Champion Award 

 

Tan Tock Seng Hospital 

2010 Minister's Award for Public Spiritedness 

 

Minister for Home Affairs 


Sustainability Report 2020 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 9 | P a g e 

 

 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

Corporate Governance and Sustainability Approach 

The Group adheres to the principles and guidelines of the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 issued 

by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”). We also aim to create long-term value to our 

stakeholders through a holistic approach.  

To effectively implement our sustainability approach and demonstrate accountability to our 

stakeholders, employees of HCSS follow strictly to the Code of Conduct stated in the Employee’s 

Handbook, the Conflicts of Interest Policy, Whistleblowing Policy and Data Protection Policy as follows: 

1. Code of Conduct 

The Group’s Code of Conduct serves as a central guide and reference to our 

employees in ensuring that they understand the Company’s expectations and 

guiding principles for workplace behaviours. Code of Conduct provides our 

employees with a roadmap and tools for their daily work. With clarity regarding 

leadership’s expectations that an employee can easily and regularly refer to, 

he/she can act with consistency.  

 

 

2. Conflicts of Interest Policy 

We have established policies and procedures to ensure that our employees 

understand the procedures when his or her personal interest conflicts with those 

of the Group. All employees of the Group involved in the i) purchase of goods and 

services, ii) selection of suppliers of goods or services, iii) selection of third party 

partners/relationships with the Company, are required to declare and disclose any 

situation where their private businesses or personal interests conflict with those 

of the Group, or situations when they (or a close family member) have a direct or 

indirect personal relationship, affiliation or association with an existing or 

prospective supplier or patient of the Group.  

 

 

3. Whistleblowing Policy 

The Group has established and adopted the whistleblowing policy since 2016 to 

provide an avenue for employees and external parties to raise concerns and offer 

reassurance that they will be protected from reprisals or victimisation for 

whistleblowing in good faith. The Policy is intended to conform to the guidance set 

out in the Code which encourages employees to raise concerns, in confidence, 

about possible irregularities. The whistleblowing policy is available at our 

Company’s 

website 

at: 

https://www.hcsurgicalspecialists.com/en/investor-

relation/policies. 

 

 

4. Data Protection Policy 

As a service provider in the healthcare industry, HCSS collects relevant data and 

uses them for the provision of medical services. We assure patients that all 

personal data collected, used or disclosed will be protected under the PDPA and 

other relevant legislation such as the Private Hospitals and Medical Clinics Act. Our 

Data Protection Policy ensures that we are accountable to our patients and other 

stakeholders. Our Data Protection Policy is available on our Company’s website at: 

https://www.hcsurgicalspecialists.com/en/personal-data-protection-policy.  

 

 










Sustainability Report 2020 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 10 | P a g e 

 

 

Corporate Governance and Sustainability Approach 

 Sustainability Organisational Structure 

In HCSS, senior management are tasked with the implementation and 

execution of sustainability policies and practices as well as monitoring our 

sustainability performance. Senior management reports directly to the Board 

of Directors on matters regarding sustainability and act accordingly to the 

Board of Directors’ strategic priorities. This ensures that our practices and 

initiatives remain relevant to our sustainability goals.  

Our Board of Directors comprises of the following members, all of whom have the appropriate core 

competencies and provide a diversity of experience to the management of HCSS.  

Name of Director 

Designation 

Audit 

Committee 

Nominating 

Committee 

Remuneration 

Committee 

Mr. Chong Weng Hoe 

Non-Executive Chairman 

and Independent Director 

Member 

Chairman 

Chairman 

Dr. Heah Sieu Min 

Executive Director and 

Chief Executive Officer 

- 

- 

- 

Dr. Chia Kok Hoong 

 

Executive Director and 

Medical Director 

- 

- 

- 

Mr. Lim Chye Lai, Gjan  

Non-Independent Non-

Executive Director 

Member 

Member 

Member 

Mr. Ooi Seng Soon 

Independent Non-

Executive Director 

Chairman 

Member 

Member 

 

The senior management of HCSS are as follows: 

Name  

Designation 

Ms. Sophia Ong 

Chief Financial Officer 

Ms. Ouyang Yuxia, Connie 

Chief Operating Officer 

Ms. Cai Ting Ting 

Chief Nursing Officer 

 

We ensure that we conduct our business process in a way that is accountable to the environment, our 

patients, employees and community, while at the same time help maintain sustainable economic 

growth for HCSS.




Sustainability Report 2020 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 11 | P a g e 

 

 

Stakeholders and Material Topics 

Stakeholders Engagement  

We are committed to develop and maintain strong relationships with our stakeholders. Through open 

two-way communication with them, we align our sustainability approach with their needs and 

expectations. We engage our stakeholders and set goals collaboratively with them as follows: 

 

 

 

Employees

We engage our employees through training programmes, annual 

appraisals and staff meetings. We aim to maintain a safe and fair 

working environment for them together with opportunities of career 

progression and self-development.



Patients

We engage our patients through public forums and direct feedback 

during consultations. We aim to give them better healthcare services 

with greater ease.



Suppliers

We engage our suppliers through supplier assessment forms and 

feedback through emails. We constantly communicate with them to 

ensure quality and efficiency.



Shareholders/Investors

We engage our shareholders and investors through AGM/EGM, our 

corporate announcements or emails. We aim to develop business 

growth and strategy within the Group and deliver strong business 

performance while achieving sustainable returns.



Government &amp; Regulators

We engage the government and regulators through discussions, 

conferences and sharing feedback with them. Our goal is to have a 

better understanding of government initiatives and aim to achieve 

national health objectives.



Community

We engage the community through our corporate website and public 

forums. We aim to support the community by providing free 

healthcare consultation to the public occasionally. 




Sustainability Report 2020 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 12 | P a g e 

 

 

Materiality Assessment 

We will review the material topics selected for disclosure on an annual basis by gathering feedback 

from our stakeholders and aligning it to our business goals. 

Based on feedback gathered from our internal and external stakeholders, we have re-evaluated and 

identified relevant material topics which would have significant ESG impact and are material to the 

organisation and stakeholders.  

Material topics for FY2020 remain the same as those disclosed in the financial year ended 31 May 

2019 (“FY2019”): 

1. Economic Performance 

2. Effluents and Waste 

3. Employment 

4. Patients’ Privacy 

Disclosures on these material topics, including management approach and topic boundary limitations, 

if any, is provided in the respective sections of the Report.  

 

 

 

 


Sustainability Report 2020 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 13 | P a g e 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY TOPICS 

 

Economic Performance 

 

Why is it Material? 

At HCSS, we believe sustainable economic growth benefits not just our shareholders, but all our 

stakeholders as well. Through sustainable economic values generated by our operations, HCSS will be 

able to distribute the economic benefits directly or indirectly to our stakeholders. As a socially 

responsible organisation, besides dividends to our shareholders, our economic benefits were 

distributed to governments through taxes, employees through salary and wages, and the society 

through the creation of jobs.  

 

Management Approach 

To strengthen our position and our sustainable performance, the Group plans to continue expanding 

our business operations by acquiring General Practitioners (“GP”) clinics, to secure a consistent stream 

of patients through the GP referrals, as well as grooming young talented specialists and setting up new 

clinics to broaden our range of services. We aim to further expand our presence in the heartland areas 

of Singapore, enhancing our ability to constantly deliver timely, safe, accurate and efficient services 

to ourpatients.  

The Group also contributes to national economic development by supporting local businesses as we 

work with local vendors in Singapore. This will indirectly help our community as more jobs are created 

when we work with local vendors. With efficiency and economies of scale in mind, we hope that 

further economic value can be passed on to our patients and the community through the provision of 

affordable healthcare products and services.  

As an esteemed organisation in the healthcare industry, the Group also works with many major 

medical insurance companies and corporations to create a conducive platform of patient referrals to 

our specialists. In April 2019, we were appointed by AIA Singapore Private Limited (“AIA”) as their 

exclusive colorectal cancer screening provider for their eligible policy holders. Through this 

appointment, AIA will offer complimentary screening colonoscopy as part of its Early Detection 

Screening Benefit for eligible clients under their HealthShield Gold Max Essential A Saver and AIA Max 

VitalHealth A. We can expect this appointment to generate a recurring revenue stream for HCSS, as 

well as an additional source of patient referrals for our team of specialists.  

As part of our diversification towards a synergised business strategy, the Group acquired an interest 

in Singapore Paincare Holdings Limited (“SPH”), a pain management group, potentially unlocking 

additional value for the Group. SPH was successfully listed on the Catalist on 30 July 2020, with the 

Group having 3.67% equity interest. This is part of the inorganic growth plan of the Group.   

 

 




Sustainability Report 2020 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 14 | P a g e 

 

 

 

Economic Performance (cont’d) 

 

Performance 

Financial Indicators 

FY2020 

(S$’000) 

FY2019 

(S$’000) 

% Change 

Revenue 

16,723 

18,318 

-8.7% 

Profit after tax 

4,040 

8,426 

-52.1% 

 

In FY2020, the Group recorded a decrease in revenue of approximately 8.7% when compared to 

FY2019 due to the disposal of HMC Medical Pte. Ltd. in July 2019 and CTK Tan Surgery Pte. Ltd. in 

September 2019 as well as a result of reduced consultations arising from the circuit breaker measures 

implemented due to the COVID-19 pandemic from 7 April 2020 to 1 June 2020. 

For a detailed breakdown of our economic performance in FY2020, please refer to the relevant 

sections of our Annual Report 2020, published on our website at www.hcsurgicalspecialists.com. 

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Singapore Government had announced the Jobs Support Scheme 

to assist companies and the Group had received a total grant amount of approximately S$391,000, of 

which approximately S$252,000 had been recognised in FY2020’s financial statements.  

In line with our business strategy to expand and vision to make private healthcare more accessible to 

the patients, the Group had acquired 25% stake in an established GP clinic, Medistar Services Pte. Ltd., 

acquired the remaining stake in our subsidiary, Medical Services@Tampines Pte. Ltd. in September 

2019 and acquired an additional 19% stake in Julian Ong Endoscopy &amp; Surgery Pte. Ltd. in October 

2019. We have started 2 new endoscopy centres at Camden Medical Centre in October 2019 and Ang 

Mo Kio in February 2020 to expand our presence in Singapore.  

 

Targets 

The Group will continue to expand its business operations, providing quality professional medical 

services to more consumers, generating sustainable economic value for its stakeholders. In July 2020, 

the Group welcomed its first female surgeon, Dr. Goh Minghui, which contributes to the Group’s 

gender diversity among its medical specialists. 

We will continue to explore strategic partnerships and acquisitions to create long-term value for our 

shareholders.  

 




Sustainability Report 2020 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 15 | P a g e 

 

 

 

Effluents and Waste 

 

Why is it Material? 

Being in a medical industry, medical waste is an unavoidable by-product. If not handled properly, 

medical and bio-hazardous waste could negatively impact our stakeholders. HCSS needs to ensure 

that proper waste management and disposal procedures and methods are in place to prevent 

potential health threats to our patients, communities and environment.  

 

Management Approach 

At HCSS, effluents and waste are categorised into 2 main groups: sharps and liquid bio-waste. They 

are disposed into designated waste bins sorted by categories and transported by our certified third-

party contractors to a dedicated hospital waste incinerator. Periodic assessments on our waste 

management vendors are also performed to ensure that the service provided are in line with our 

expectations.  

In HCSS, all medical staff undergo training programmes on proper management and disposal of 

medical waste. All medical staff are trained and qualified to be able to identify the different types of 

medical waste to facilitate the appropriate disposal to be in compliance with the relevant regulations.  

These initiatives help us to comply with the rules and regulations set by the National Environment 

Agency and MOH, and also mitigate against the danger that improper disposal of medical waste could 

bring to us, the community and our environment.  

 

Performance 

In FY2020, HCSS generated approximately 6,400 litres of clinical waste (i.e. a 6.7% increase compared 

to FY2019), all of which were incinerated by certified third party contractors. Please refer to the 

diagram below for the data comparison on clinical waste generated and incinerated by third party 

contractors in FY2020 and FY2019. 

 

 




Sustainability Report 2020 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 16 | P a g e 

 

 

 

Effluents and Waste (cont’d) 

 

Litres of Clinical Waste Incinerated by Contractors 

There were no reported incidents of non-compliance with environmental regulations resulting in a 

fine or penalty during FY2020. 

 

Targets 

For the financial year ending 31 May 2021 (“FY2021”), we are looking to maintain our zero-incident 

record for non-compliance to environmental regulations regarding clinical waste. We will continue to 

monitor our medical waste disposal processes and look for opportunities to integrate sustainable 

measures for disposal of medical waste. 



35%

35%

19%

11%

FY2020: 

6,429.26 litres 

Junnimed

Yeap Med

Asia Medical Enviro

Tee Medical Enviro

74%

25%

1%

FY2019:

6,013.20 litres

Yeap Med

Junnimed

Sembcorp


Sustainability Report 2020 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 17 | P a g e 

 

 

 

Employment 

 

Why is it Material? 

In the medical industry, employees are the key drivers of continued and sustainable success. 

Professional, talented and dedicated employees have always been the cornerstone of HCSS’s success. 

We strongly believe in continuous investments in our employees as they are our most valued asset. 

We also believe that a diversified workforce with long-term service staff brings up the quality of 

service HCSS provides and contributes to the growth of HCSS.  

 

Management Approach 

In HCSS, our ability to continuously attract, retain and develop talent will greatly impact the Group’s 

development. Our employees’ right to equal opportunities is protected by our established policies and 

practices in place. Key policies and procedures such as our recruitment and selection policy, flexible 

working policy, maternity policy and grievance procedures were established, formalised and strictly 

enforced. We greatly value our employees’ suggestions and we have periodic reviews and 

communication sessions with our employees. In order to create and promote an inclusive working 

environment based on trust and mutual respect, we have established communication channels for 

employee feedback as a way for them to contribute to the development of our workplace.  

We extend additional benefits to our full-time employees such as medical and dental benefits and 

hospital insurance entitlements. We would also periodically review the benefits given to all our 

employees, to ensure that our compensation remains competitive.  

 

Performance 

In FY2020, there were no reported incidents relating to workplace discrimination. 

Details of new hires and employee turnover for FY2020 as compared to FY2019 are set out in the 

tables below. 

New Hires By Age Group  

FY2020 

FY2019 

Number 

% 

Number 

% 

Under 30  

11 

73.4% 

14 

87.5% 

31 to 45  

2 

13.3% 

2 

12.5% 

46 to 60  

2 

13.3% 

0 

0% 

Above 60  

0 

0% 

0 

0% 

 

 




Sustainability Report 2020 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 18 | P a g e 

 

 

 

Employment (cont’d) 

 

New Hires and Employee Turnover 

FY2020 

FY2019* 

Female 

Male 

Female 

Male 

Number of employees at the end of the 

financial year 

51 

12 

53 

13 

Gender distribution 

81.0% 

19.0% 

80.3% 

19.7% 

Number of new employees 

14 

1 

15 

1 

New hires rate# 

23.3% 

26.0% 

Number of resignations 

13 

2 

6 

1 

Number of employees at the beginning of the 

financial year 

53 

13 

44 

13 

Employees turnover rate# 

23.3% 

11.4% 

* Employment data for FY2019 are restated due to calculation errors in the previous sustainability report.                                             

# Number of new employees, number of resignations, new hires rate and employees turnover rate does not 

take into account changes in employment due to disposal or acquisition of subsidiaries. 

 

Lastly, we are proud to present that for FY2020, we were able to maintain a 100% return to work rate 

for employees who took parental leave. 

Parental Leave 

FY2020 

FY2019 

Female 

Male 

Female 

Male 

Number of employees entitled to 

parental leave 

3 

0 

6 

1 

Number of employees who took 

parental leave 

3 

0 

6 

1 

Number of employees that 

returned to work in the reporting 

period after parental leave ended 

3 

0 

6 

1 

Number of employees that 

returned to work after parental 

leave ended that were still 

employed 12 months after their 

return to work 

3 

0 

6 

1 

Return to work rate 

100% 

N/A 

100% 

100% 

Retention rate 

100% 

N/A 

100% 

100% 

 

Targets 

For FY2021, we will continue to embed fair employment practices in our operations, and we will target 

to maintain a zero record of reported incidents relating to discrimination. 




Sustainability Report 2020 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 19 | P a g e 

 

 

 

Patients’ Privacy  

 

Why is it Material? 

With the advancements in technology, there is a growing trend of concern among individuals as to 

how their personal data is being collected and used. Authorities are also ramping up on enforcement 

on data breach incidents. As a healthcare service provider holding key patients’ data, HCSS must 

continue its efforts to enhance system security, prevent the loss of patients’ data as well as to 

implement measures for addressing data breach incidents, if any.  

 

Management Approach 

HCSS ensures that it obtains patients’ consent for collection, use, disclosure and processing of personal 

data for healthcare related uses only. We have put in place a Personal Data Protection Policy which 

includes the procedures on responsible data handling, use of data and compliance monitoring. We 

have appointed a Data Protection Officer (“DPO”), and stakeholders who wish to contact our DPO can 

reach us at: contact@hcsurgicalspecialists.com 

To ensure confidentiality and to maintain patients’ privacy, each clinic in the Group has implemented 

safeguards such as locked cabinets to restrict access of patients’ medical files, unique user IDs of in-

use IT applications assigned to the respective staff, and installation of firewalls and antivirus on all 

computers. This helps to mitigate the risk of unauthorised access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, 

modification or disposal of patients’ data.  

 

Performance 

For FY2020, we are pleased to report that there were no incidents of leaks, thefts, or losses of patients’ 

data. There were also zero complaints regarding breaches of patients’ privacy.  

 

Targets 

For FY2021, we aim to maintain our approach to safeguard our patients’ privacy at all times and to 

continue to achieve zero complaints and breaches to the Personal Data Protection Act. 

 




Sustainability Report 2020 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 20 | P a g e 

 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI 

Standard  Disclosure 

Notes/ Page Reference 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Page 3 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Page 6 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Page 6 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Page 6 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Page 3 &amp; 6 

102-6 

Markets served 

Page 6 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Page 14, 17 &amp; 18 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Page 17 &amp; 18 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Page 13 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

No significant changes 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Precautionary 

Approach 

102-12 

External Initiatives 

Page 4 

102-13 

Membership of association 

Page 8 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

Page 3 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior 

Page 9 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Page 10 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

 

 

Page 11 &amp; 12 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Page 7 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic Boundaries 

Page 5 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Page 12 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

Page 18 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

N/A 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Page 5 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

30 Sept 2019 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Page 5 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Page 5 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

Page 5 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Page 20 &amp; 21 

102-56 

External assurance 

Page 5 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


Sustainability Report 2020 | HC Surgical Specialists Limited 

 

 

 

 21 | P a g e 

 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX (cont’d) 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Notes/ Page Reference 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 

Page 5, 13-19 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Page 13 &amp; 14, Financial 

Statements in the 

Annual Report 2020 

201-2 

Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due 

to climate change 

201-3 

Directed benefit plan obligation and other retirement plans 

201-4 

Financial assistance received from government 

306-3 

Significant fills 

Page 15 &amp; 16  

306-4 

Transport of hazardous waste 

401-1 

New employees hires and employee turnover 

Page 17 &amp; 18 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not 

provided to temporary or part-time employees 

401-3 

Parental leave 

418-1 

Substantiated complains concerning breaches of patient’s 

privacy and losses of patients’ data 

Page 19 

 

